CASPER—MARKS. ON Wednesday, 2ltb March, a very pretty wedding took place at •• Belgravia," BaiJarat Eisr, the reBdence of Mr. and Mrs. John Marks, between their eldest daughter, Lucie, and Mr. Leopold Casper, of Sturt-street, Ballarat, second POD of Mr. George Cisper, of " Lundie," Partroad, Sc. Kilda. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. I. M. Coldreich in the large drawingroom, which had been beautifully decorated by girl friends of the bride. The halls and reception rooms were also prettily brightened with flowers aud foliage. As the bridal party entered Miss Hay Flohm played the "Ivanhoe March," and Mendelssohn's " Wedding March "at the conclusion of the ceremony. The scene was a very effective one. The bride aud bridegroom, with the Rabbi, stood undera canopy of rich white moire silk, over which an exq- isite wedding bell was suspended, the initials of bride and bridegroom being on either side. At half-past two, the time appointed, the bride entered leaning on the arm of her father, by whom she was subsequently given away. She was handsomely dressed in a princess robe of ivory silk gaufre, with a train from the left shoulder of ivory duchesse satin, edged with a deep ruche of white tulle, the bodice being drapad with applique chiffon, and tastefully adorned with sprays of orange blossom,. The veil, which was beautifully embroidered with fern' fronds, fell in soft folds over the train, and was fastened with a wreath of natural orange blossom. An exquisite bouquet of waterlilies and asparagus fern, from the Central Floral Studio, Melbourne, was tied with rich white satin streamers bearing the bride and bridegroom's initials, painted in silver. A gold chain with pearl and emerald pendant, a souvenir from the bridegroom, was worn round the slender throat of the bride. She was attended by six bridesmaids—Misses Hannah and L^na Marks, Miss Casper (sister of bridegroom), Melbourne ; Miss Tobias (cousin of the bride), Queenscliff ; the Misses Queenie and Riie Marks, and a tiny page, Master Raymond Marks, who acted as train-bearer. Misses Hannah and Lena Marks wore eau de nil satin skirt veiled in Valenciennes lace, the left side drapery being finished with a pretty bow of shaded green and pink ribbon ; the bodices were of brocaded silk, showing the shades of eau de nil and pmk ; they were made full, back and front, and had pretty folded yokes; the rucked sleeves had butterfly wing epaulettes, edged with white lace; the neck finish was a high- folded collar and fall of lace, the waist with a new deep folded belt fastened at the left side with a bow of shaded ribbon; large picture hats of black satin were worn, with belltopper crowns, trimmed with folds of ribbon, green wings, ospreys and blackbirds ; they carried staffs of pink rosebuds, tied with eau de nil satin ribbons. Miss Casper and Miss Tobias weve in white, the former in white China silk, handsomely trimmed with chiffon, with a large black satin picture hat, trimmed with folds and bows of white silk ribbon and black coque feathers, birds and ospreys. Miss Tobias was in white Nainsook, •vith a full bodice, having three crossbands of Honiton insertion, the plain sleeves showing similar trimming and double shoulder capes, edged with lacp; the neck finish was a Trilby collar of lace and the waist a folded belt and bow of white satin and a similar hat to Miss Casper; both carried crooks, with white flowers and white satin streamers. Toe four above-named bridesmaids wore monogram gold brooces, giftB of the bridegroom. Tne little maids, Misses Queenie and Riie Marks, looked very charming in Kate Greenaway frocks of ivory brocade, made with yokes of brocaded chiffon, rucked sleeves, with full puffs and fichus of silk lace. Their hats were the new flop shape formed of br .cade, with Tam-o'-Shanter crowns, bows of brocaded chiffon and long ostrich plumes. Pretty staffs were carried, with white flowers and white satin streamers. The bridegroom's gifts to them were gold monogram bangles. MaBter Raymond Marks was dressed in a pretty black velvet suit, with vest and lapels of white brocade, and a threecornered hat of white straw with white ostrich feather. Mr Edward Caspe% brother of the bridegroom, acted as best man, and there were four other groomsmen—Mr. Marcus Marks, Mr. Julius Solomon (Maryborough, cousin of the bride) and Masters Isaac and Jonah Marks. The bridegroom was given away by his father and sister (ilrs. S. y. Ma' ks, of Melbourne). Mrs. Marks, (mother of thr bride) was handsomely gowned in black Bilk car.vas cloth over heliotrope silk, with heliotrope brocaded bodice, the sleeves and epaulettes edged with black Malta lace; cream Malta lace bonnet, carbon ornaments, heliotrope and green poppies and OBprey. Mrs. S. P. Marks wore black crepon with heliotrope silk vest and jet; large velvet hat trimmed with violets, black wings and black and white ribbons. Mrs. Solomon (Maryborough, aunt of the biide) wore a dress of black broche grenadine. The reception which followed the ceremony was attended by a large number of invited guests, who were loud in their praises of the hospitable manner in which they had been received by Mr. and Mrs. Marks. Afier the reception the bridal party sat down to a sumptuous dinner. Mr. and Mrs. Casper left by the evening train on a short honeymoon trip, the travelling dress being a coat and skirt costume of French grey beaver; the jacket, having new wing Eleeves, was trimmed in front with large smoked pearl buttons. Her toque was of white jet, with crepe de chine rosettes, carbon and steel ornaments, brocaded grey ribbon and whits ccques' feathers, gloves of French grey kid, with white points, and the bride carried a handsome silver mounted umbrella, a gift of the bridegroom. The bridal gown was from the establishment of Buckley and Nunn, Ltd., Melbourne, and was designed by Miss M'Nally, The handsome bridal bouquet waB from Muses Shanklin and Wright, the Central Floral Studio, Collins-street, The presents were very handsome and included from :— ParentB of the bride, house and table linen. Father of the bridegroom, Bilver tea and coffee service, pair of crystal and silver jam dishes, fish slice, soup ladles, butter knife, silver eugar Bcoop, inkstand, case fruit; spoons, three fruit diBhes, . Bride to bridegroom, dressing case, inlaid with mother of pearl. Bridegroom to bride, emerald and pearl pendant and gold chain. Bridegroom tb bridesmaids, gold monogram brooches to tbe four eldest, gold monogram bangles to the two youneeBt. Brothers and sisters of the bride, dinner service. Miss H. Marks .{sister of br ie), set of drawn shams. Mr. B. and Miss -Casper (brother and sister of bridegroom), silver biecuit barrel. Mr. A. Casper (brother of bridegroom), B.P. jam diBheB. Mr. P. Casper (brother of bridegroom), walnut card table. Mr. and Mrs. S. P. Marka(Melb.), occasional table cover. Mr. and Mrs. Tobias and family (Queenso-iiff), clock and mechanical ornament. Mrs. I. Solomon (aunt of bride, Maryborough), cheque. Mr. I Solomon (Maryborough), eider-down quilt. Mr. I. Solomnn. j or, (Maryborough), tapestry table cover. Mr. Julios Solomon (Mary borongh), Angora skin rue. Mr. and Mrs. J. Bernstein, white Terry quilt. Mr. T. Tobias (Auckland), fish knife and fork. Mies BernBtein, table cover. Miss Harrington, afternoon tea service. Mr. and Mra. G. Abrahams, silver salts in case. Mr. and Mrs. D. Henry (Melbourne), lathe and box of punches. Mr. and Mra. Hambnrger, china and silver sweetmeat dish. Miss Sparks (Melbourne), satin china vases. Mr. and Mrs. Hickman, (Melbourne), hahd-painted pleque. Mr. and Mrs. S. Cohen, nickel tab e and Doalton china bowl. Mies R. Cohen, Dresden china fruit plates. Mr. and Mrs. M'Allister, cutlery. . Mrs. Spielvogel, Bilver hot water kettle and spirit stand. Mr. and Mrs. A. M. and MisB Simmons, Japanese table. Mr. and Mrs H. Cohen, Limoges china dessert service. Mrs. and MIBB Collins, hand painted walnut panel. Mr. M. Rosenthal, crystal and silver cake stand. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Deoton (Melbourne), silver card receiver. Mr. and Mrs W. Flegeltaub, pair of large fireplace vases. Mr. and Mrs. Joel (Melbourne), glaBBWare. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor (Maryborough), silver mounted hand mirror. Miss Wilke (Maryborough), perfume case. Mr. and Mrs-H. Harris (Melbourne), pair of glass bowle. MiBBes L. and M. Tanner, set of carvers. Mrs. Flobm and family, china tea set. Mr Johnson and Miss Batten, pair of vases. Mr. and Mre. Sage, large oil painting. Mr. and Mrs. Katz, set of jugs and glass basbtt Mr. and Mrs L-evine, very pretty china tea sei.. Mr. and Mrs. Vince, nickel fender and fire irons. Messrs. P. Falk and Co.. pair of large Japanese vaBes. M'. and Mra. H. Lake, E.P. hot water kettle. Mr. and Mrs. h. Lederman, pansy mirror plaque. Mr. aud Mis. S. Boob, guipure afternoon tea cloths. Mr. and Mrs. Abramowitcb, china tea set. Mr. and' Mrs. H. Simmons, hand painted toilet set. Mrs. and Mies Downes, Majolica pedestal and bowl. Miss J. and A. Scott, drawn thread tea cloth. Mr. and Mrs. J. Murphy, ruby and silver jam diBh. Mr. and Mrs. JSgan. ruby epergne. Mr. N. Spielvogel, pickle stand. Mrb. P. L. Burrowe?, wool Bhoulder cape. MIBB L. Sage, toilet set, handsomely worked with rawed silk powers. Miss B Sage, wall pocket. A laeok anl'iaehiori^hie fathering filled the Recreation Hall, '-Mentone. <Sn Friday evening, 26th March, at thef" invitation of the Erica Literary and' Musical-Society. Thos. Attenborough, Esq , J.P., occupied the chair and proposed the vote of thankstfo'enthu6iastically passed to the performers. Mr. Robert Reid and Mr. L. Smith lent valuable assistance. The programme by the dramatical and musical pupils of the Misses F. Eveline and Josephine Samuell recommended itself heartily to the lovers of variety. High-class work was given in the one-act drama, "Misjudged." Miss Alice Whitehead was an earnest representative of Maud Ashley, Mr. Dyson sympathetic as Will Mitford, Miss Inez Fraser a truly comic and warm-hearted Susan. Mr. M. F. O'Dea won the sympathy of his audience as Maud's blind husband, and Mr. Frank Martin assumed the part of tbe aged Dr. Drury with tbe easy bonhomie needful to that delightful character. The farce, "The Lost Child, 1 ' was alive with fun ; Mr. Herschell distinguished himself aB the Fond Father; Miss L. Whitehead doing good work as Mrs. Jones ; the Irate Captain, Mr. W. Mai tin, and his elegant wife, Miss Ethel Millidge, and their two musical mites of daughters, the Misses Hilda Bammon and Dorothy Drysdale, were a very clever family; the nurses, too, were smart, Betty Martin finding a fascinating exponent in Miss Ivy Hammon. Vocal selections were given by tbe Misses Stella Fawcett, Ethel Robinson and Mabel Riine, and recitations by Messrs. Chas. Dyson, W. Martin and Miss Josephine .Samuell, all of whom were heartily appl&uded.; ON Thursday evening last the Town Hall, Hawthorn, was crowded with a large and fashionable audience, including members of Parliament, His Honour Judge and Mrs. Molesworth, and other prominent citizens. The occasion was a high-class concert, in aid of tbe Indian Famine Fund, promoted by Cr. Chas. Dalley (Mayor of Hawthorn), who was most ably assisted by the Town Clerk, Mr. Henry T. Haynes. The musical arrangements were in the experienced hands of Mr. Uharle3 Levy, who had provided a liberal programme and also secured good artistic talent. The vocrlists included Miss Minnie Waugb, who in a splendid manner rendered Webei's florid and rather catchy recitative and ana " Softly Sighs ^ from his romantic opera, "Der Freiscbutz This was well accompanied by the Lyric Orchestra, and at its conclusion was heartily applauded. Later on Miss Waugh wae encored for her tasteful singing of Tosti's "Good-bye.' Miss Adelaide Bruce, the possessor of a powerful contralto voice, contributed "The Lost Chord (Sullivan) and " Tears " (Cowen). A very melodious composition by Owen for three voices, "Ave Maria," was ably and expressively sung by Miss Waugh, Mies Nellie Cubitt and Mr. H. P. Lenehan, and narrowly escaped an encore. Mr. Harry Ingham mane a decided hit with Hatton s "Simon the Cellarer,'' evoking much applause. Mr. James Adams and Mr. Graupner also contributed songs. Mr. F. C. Appleton gave two interesting humorous recitations, and Mr. Felix Petsch showed good technical skill in a violon cello solo, which was played with mush taste- The chief burden of the concert, however, rested on the Lyric Orchestra, ably directed by their conductor, Mr. Charles Levy. This body of over 60 clever amateur instrumentalists contributed eight numbers, besides playing accompaniments 4n. a very? capable manner.to several songs.- Included .inthe above were a prelude by Massenef, the ballet music to Ambroise Thomas^ " Hamlet," Auber^s fine overture" Lac des Fees/ Meyerbeer's "<5&rq;&aiion; ^Jdarch," etc. Mr. Arthur Levy was thff %dirig first violin, and Miss Jessie Humphreys accompanied several songs in a highly satisfactory manner. THE Fitzroy Private Quadrille Assembly held their annual meeting in the Mayor's Room at tbe Fitzroy Town Hall oil Friday night last, his Worship the Mayor presiding. The balance-sheet for tbe previous year (which shows a small surplus) was duly received and adopted., "lbe following gentlemen were elected office-bearers for tbe coming season :—President, His Worship the Mayor (Alex. Renfrew, Esq.); vice-piesidents, Hon. W. R. Best, Dr. Morton, Hon. A. L Tucker, Dr. Wheeler, W. H. Paterson, Esq., J.P., Crs F. MMahonandG. J. Johnstone; committee, Me?^, Kolbe, Blair, M'Michael, Homer, Sloan, Delsa; r,' {Stevens, M'Lean, Fagad, Nathan, O'Neill , Joco3; hon. treasurer, Mr. E. T. Apps; auditor. Mr. E. BeBt; hon. secretary (re-elected), Mr. g' H. S. Lee. It was resolved that the first assets; bly should be held early in May next, and ingt gentlemen's (only) tickets should be issued at £1 is. for the season. After the business was over a very pleasant musical evening was sp at by the gentlemen present. MB. and Mrs. Geo. Schutze (nee Mrs. T, M Tease, Bendig©), gave their first at home ! -it " Jaegerville," Prahran, on Thursday last. Dancing was indulged in till a late hour. Tbe guests, who numbered about sixty, were received in the hall by Mr. and Mrs. Schutze, Miss Schutz>> and MisB Cahill (Bendigo). Mrs. Geo. Scbuue wore white duchesse silk, with rich frills of real lace. Miss Schutze—white Bilk, with trimmings of bright scarlet satin. Miss Cahill—white haii muslin, with buttercup trimmings. The decorations were very artistically arranged, and con sisted of lovely palms, sunflowers and African grasses. The catering, done by Mr. Edlinger, of the Vienna Cafe, as usual, left nothing to be desired. Among the guests were—Mr. and Mrs. John Schutze, Mr. and Mrs. Schlurter, Mr. and Mrs. Harris, Mr. and Mrs. Gill, Mrs. Holland, Mrs. Thompson, Mrs. Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. Knight, Mrs. Smith, Misses M. and E. Gill, Caroline B Kennedy, E. Mogg, E. Jess, D. Cattran, Jen kens, Riedle, Koopmann, Dobson, Lyons, Waterworth ; Messrs. E. Nosworthy, Isaacs, Tartakover, Potte, Beamish, Kelly, Barton, Hooper, C. Smith, Lardner, Jones, Knight, Dickenson, Dr. Buckley, Waterworth, Dr. F. Fitzmorris. Mrs. Schutze will be "at home" the first Friday in the month. THE list of visitors at Erskine House, Lome, for week ending on Friday last included:—Mrs. Booth, Miss Booth, Mr Bevan, sen., Mr. Bevan, jun., Mr. and Mre. Nicholas,Mr. and Mrs.Caskee, Mr. Martin, Mrs. Birth wis tie, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Moone, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Kelly, Rev. C. Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Arbuckle, Mr. C.™ THE usual ''fmoke night " of the Curlew Club ,.- BS held in the Fitzroy Town Hall on Thursday veniug last, wben a large number of members nd* their friends were present. T.w ehuir was \vupiedby the Acting-Premier, Mr. R. W. Best. ,' lengthy B-nd choice programme of vocal and 'instrumental music was gone through. The •,"urlesv Orchestra, under the baton of Mr. E. HanEOD. rendered some excellent selections. The following gentlemen contributed to the enjoyment of the evening:—Dr. Cole, Messrs. Love, Edmonds, P. Josephs, A. H&ckett;, F. Burton, R. iiayd, Carmichael, J. Ferguson, F. Nixon, Pole ': -.me capital lightning 6ketche6) and S. Jonee. ".Uny of the numbers were encored. Professor . land played the accompaniments, and Mr. H. S. Lee, Hon. secretary, made things very -asant for the members and their friends. At p.m. a very enjoyable night's amusement was : .-.ucrtot to a close, the company before separating •lginff " A-uld Lang Syne." Curlew Club's at home oil 15th April. A Promising Soprano. — Miss Florence •, 'nini'Jt, who made such a successful debut on 10th ;^rch at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, is a native • Kockhampton, Queensland, and inherits the usical tastes of her German father, who died . nile she was quite a child. Tnis young singer, hile recoguising gracefully the gifts of Nature, ••oaks with gratitude of her tutor, Signor • effani who when he be\rd her singing as a . ntralto, declared that her voice was a soprano ;tnd trained it as such. A leading Sydney journal .-ays her voice is "Rich and melodious; of fine ;iinbre and range. . . . In the plaintive airs she showed the greatest sympathy, and in the snore modulated numbers she gave evidence of being able to handle it with good effect. Miss Schmidt has a full soprano voice of great range, brilliancy and power. Her style is admirably dramatic, and the operatic stage should be her goal." The Melbourne public are shortly to have an opportunity of hearing her fresh young A M.V-T successful bazaar was held at. ^achmys Girls' High School, Williams road, Toor&k;, on Saturday last, 27th March, from two to six p.rn , in aid of the Indian Famine Fund. Tne stallholders were Refreshment stall, Miss Croasley, Miss F. H inks ; fruit and fljwer, Miss Williams ; fancy and produce, Miss M. Crossta? ; sweet and cake, Miss R. F.tzpatcick; post office and lucky bag, Miss C. Himmond; curio stall and art gallery, Miss H. lUnks; lucky bag, Miss C. Carew ; post office, Miss N. Walker. Miss • N Hinks. "During the t>roore« of the tLaar charming vSVuaie ™afrendered12 Mies Randell, who sang "The Bitter Lmd." •• Gondola Dreamswas given by Mrs, Fcink Stephen. The sum of £7 was realised. A HiGH-LY BlUUU successful BULCBSalul concert, was given on Taursday last, 25th March, at the Recreation Hill, M-intone, in aid of the Ocgai Fund of St. Patrick's Church, Mintone. Toe well-arranged programme was contributed to by Miss Josephine O'Brien, who was in charming voice and secured an encore for both ot her son?s, viz, "Toe Holy City" and "Hunting the Fos in the Morning." The bright character vocalist, Miss Maggie M'Cann, was equally sucjeisful in " Within a Mile o'Edinboro' Town" and "Scenes that are Brightest," gaining a most enthusiastic encore for both her songs. Mr. E. Lsnthal Oldfield ^ave " Adieu Maria." and later on " Ulumanthal's Evening Song" most artistically. "The Bugler and ''02 to Philadelphia" were well rendered by Mr. W. R. Furlong. Mr. G. H. lever?, who is always a favourite with his audience, gave two comic songs, "Ala's Serenade" and "You Should See Me Dinee the Polka," for which he was „ M utJai„ heartily OUW.DU encored. Mrs. M'Cnstal and Mr Norton, who pilycd' the accompaniments, contributed much towards the success of the concert, A GARDEN fete in aid of the Camberwell Presbyterian Mansa Fund was held at Mrs. Henriques' residence, - Fairholmes," on Saturday, 20th March. The stalls were prettily arranged in a large tent, kindly lent by the Salvition . Army. A rmv During Durine tws tLe evening cjacerts, cancerts, tMeauz i<u>ieaur and various entertainments were given by members of the church, amongst whom was Miss Maggie Stirling. Mr. Frank Midden, M.L A., accompanied by Mrs. Mad<?ea, opened the fair at 3 o'clock, and the stallholders were busilj engaged until 10 o'clock. Hever Hospital Performance at Escendon. —On 19th March the Town Hall at Moouee Ponds was crowded to excess for che reprtsentaof the comedietta, "My Lord in Livery,' and soiii^ seven tableau* The characters in both play and tobleaux were all filled by local residents. The stage was graced with many charming young adies, amongst whom were Miss English, Mibs r iMraraaiug ance King and Miss Coleman, who , respectively , ; . j" took the parts ot Sibyl Amberley and her friends L^ura and Rose. Their dressmg was perfect, and their spirited acting was much enjoyed by the immense audience. Mr Reginald Greene fBairnsdaleV was the butler-Spigott—and his remarkably clever acting created much astonishment. He, with \- - Hopkins \- - the footman—very well represented by Mr. M, Mundell, kept the house in roars of laughter. Mr. Harry Martin made an excellent Lord Thirlmere. This perfectly rendered play was the result of most painstaking efforts of the honorary stage manager, Mr. William Martin, which, added to the unprecedented attendance, marked this as the m^st snicessful performance ever given — -- in ^ Essen don. The scene, a drawingrooui. was most luxuriously furnished. Seven tableaux, passed and superintended by Mr. Forbes M'Ainsh, folfollowed the play. These were all new subjects, and mostly taken from recent London Academy pictures. Tne costumse were exceedingly rich in colouring and most artistic, the effect of the pictures being considerably heightened by a dark scarlet background; the limelights, by A J. Moore and assistant,, were most sat.sfac ory. In the intervals of the tableaux, Miss Charlotte rs. 1 wtins, A-icb Misses Chapman and Fordyce. ontributed cmtri songs. Mrs. Baddy was the accomamst, Mrs. Stamp (of Canterbury and her aughters, with Miss Maud Grattan, furnished nstrumei;:as music. The success of the enterainment is due entirely to the indefatigable annw ir, which the committee of Moonee onds ladies \ Misses Kimpton, English and King) worked, not only in selling tickets, but also in esigning and superintending the making of the ostumes for the Uthlcmr. Mr. George Macartney as the honorary tjemnal manager, and although hl, adnlission fee was only one shilling he expects a very substantial addit i jn to the fund which has been established by Lady Clarke for the Fever Hospital. j A most „., j enjoyable U „u concert „:j ,,f was *),£, given („ on Tues- \- ' n<1a nf the u ' " the day, 23 rd » 1 hold in the Armadale W esleyan Church « n the schoolroom adjoining V™*™™™ j ™ 5 extent. and " J ^ A number present. Miss Woodall played two pianoforte solos with great taste and delicacy of touch, and Miss Mabel Mattingley hang " The Promise of Life" in her usual artistic manner, for which she was recalled. Mr. W. 1. Thomas received a well-merited encore for his excellent rendering of " The King's Minstrel." Miss Jule Liyton gave "Outon the Rocks," and ith Miss Alice Liylater was associated ton \u , L Voice." Mr. .he duet " I H iard Armes ' beaumont, as usual, won his wellloran sang The Hum o J^e "ees deserved recall for his singing of " The Blue Alsatian Mountains." Miss Nellie M'Clelland's rendering of "Dear Heart ' and Eckert'a" Echo Song " was well received. Mr. W. G. Barker contributed with good style " A Soldier's Song," giving as an encore " Oil to Philadelphia." Miss The Hum of the Bees" and Madrigal. Mr. K.J. \ augtian was very wen received for hW singing of' Only On« More. Mr and Mrs. tor their splendid rendition of the duet Lxcel There is a cycle race track at Buluwayo, made ,,f rolled eand and about three laps to the mile, upou which a match was recently decided between two South African championB, Jackson andCoote, \ttei three exciting contests Jackson, who rode a Kud^e-Whitworfcb, was declared the winner. The time"for three miles was 8.2!)—which was not at all bad for an unbanked track without pacing. Here is an idea that is likely to catch on in Melbourne. Just read thiB .—" On a recent Siturday nipht the Maryland Bicycle Club {]? iltimore, U.S.) gave an oyBter-roast in the tvoods at the head of Chesapeake Bay. Huge brmfir9s were started under plates of sheet iron, on which barrels of oysters were dumped. When the metal got hot, the oysters opened their mouths and gave up the ghost, being steamed in their own liquid, which makes a mess to the liking of the trained Maryland palate. Toe wheelmen gathered to the number of 500, and had a free and oasy, which was hard on the oysters." Now, why shouldn't the M. B.C., or the S ivages," or the Victorian Cyclists' Touring Club, organise an '• oyster- roast run " to "Western Port Bay bef ore the summer ends ? Wooden wheels for cycles are now attracting notice in the old world. One maker turns out a specimen which weighs considerably less than tin tangent spoked steel wheel usually fitted to rcad-racere. <;0od adjustable pedals are now procurable in Melbourne. These havfe the side plates in two pieces, which are overlapped, so that, by means of s;rews, the pedal may be widened to take an ordinary walking boot as comfortably as a racing 6hoe. One argument advanced against chtinless bicycles is that they would not be so easy to repair in case of accident on a country road. A broken chain can eaBily be made serviceable, but bevel gear -would make the village L-lacksmith scratch his head. 1 n the London pantomimes Ali Baba enters on a motor-sat in a cloud of smoke and steam. As the car stops in the centre of the stage, Mr. Baba tugs frantically at one or other of the four levers in front, firit separately, then altogether, but not an inch does that internal machine move. At last in a desperate mood, Baba leaps to the ground, and the car, released from its burden, darts away with a final spurt of steam, amid the hearty laugh of the audienee. TtJRF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. By " APEMAKTUS." NOTWITHSTANDING thai the weather was none too propitious fer Maribyrnong yesterday week the attendance was really first-class, and it is now apparent there is a revival in suburban racing attendances, aB is witnessed by the congregations assembled to view the meetings held at Mentone, Maribyrnong and Sandown Park. I "hope it is not just a spurt,but that the revival has come to stay. ALTHOUGH Mr. Maitland had raised [Sheoak 161b. for his Mentone victory, it was not enough to stop the son of Lothair repeating it at Maribyrnong, where he practically made hacks of his various opponents. The field was one of tihe best on record for a suburban hurdle race, as no less than seventeen faced the barrier, Sheoak and Dftposed being selected for the most speculation, they going out at fours, and they filled two of the three situations, Kangaroo II. dividing them. THKRE can be no doubt at all about Sheoak being a very fair hurdler for his inches, but to raise him another 171b. for his second victory, as was the case for Sandown Park, was, I think, just a bit too severe. Fancy being raised 341b. during one week for two paltry stakes. The horse will go to Adelaide this week by boat, as be is a bad train traveller. With 9.7 on his back he should be particularly dangerous at Onkaparinga, his destination. Adam Skirving, who owns, trains and rides the son of Lothair, is such a deserving young fellow that everyone is pleased to note his success. For many years he was with "old Braddy,'' and has turned out a good few winners during his career. As nothing succeeds like success, and he iB having plenty of thfe latter valuable but uncommercial commodity recently, it is evident this painstaking young trainer will yet make his mark, and I shall be surprised if he do not succeed in obtaining a fairly large training establishment. "CHOKEBORE should most decidedly have won the Maiden Plate, but Toung Hickenbotham was a little too inexperienced and let the Inverinay gelding, Crisp, up on the inside, with the result that the Carbine colt WAS beaten by a head. Lady Loch had no difficulty in annexing the Riverside Plate, and the same stable should have won the Purse with Eva, who got a horribly bad run and was beaten by Davena, against whom a protest wa3 entered, but dismissed. The Jumpers' Flat Race was a terrible boil-over, as Galant, after opening favourite, retired to 10 to 1 freely offered. Healgar was a hot favourite, but was never dangerous, whilst Lux was very strongly supported, but be sustained defeat from Galant, on whom Brewer rode a most patient race. The result was a disappointment tp everyone .except the fielders. Bloodwood ran very well indeed, and will yet run very much better. THE Messrs. Hodges Brothers were up from Geelong to support Eureka for the Heron Handicap, ana although " Dick " had a few angry words with the handicapper . concerning the 8.12 he apportioned Wild Boise's brother, the pieces were put down with such a will that the fifteen-guinea gelding started at 6 to 4, and duly arrived at the post first, but he had all his work cut out to defeat Dun well, who, like his conqueror, is " improving the right way." Once again was Rose Noble brought into the market, and again did he run last. Another one well backed was Lady Heart, but after showing pace she failed to Btay the distance. SATDRDAT last was devoted to Sandown Park, and although there was the counter attraction of a big cycling meeting, the attendance was a monster one. Mr. ConBidine tells me that the gate was about the best he has ever had at Sandown Park, and therefore we cannot be surprised that his face was beaming with smiles. Although there are two stands at the Park, the old one from Elsternwick and the HurlinghBm affair,' there was none too much room for visitors. The course was in capital order, and the whole arrangements reflected high credit on all concerned with this very successful venture. THE Trial Handicap opened the programme, and although the scratching pen was very freely used there was a representative field. From the opening of the betting Alaska was the selected of punters, but strong moves were made on both Tesperus and Sid. At the turn the favourite looked to be out of it, but Bobby Lewis took his time, and cutting everythine down won by a length very clererly from S d (who tired to nothing) and Vesperus. Merrijig, who had shown good track form, cut up very badly and finished last. FOR the Hurdle Race nine faced the starter, with Kimbolton in most request, whilst Little Birdie, who had won a Jumpers' Flat Eace on this ground, was also a very strong tip.- Harry Harrison was not to3 sweet on Tagus after his bad display at Mentone, although he stated the brother to Lady Wellington had been going well in his work during the week. Little Birdie jumped horribly, and was very 600n in the ruck. Tagus took his field alcng at such a pace that he quickly had them all in trouble, and won in a canter by half-i-dozen lengths from Bredalbane, who just beat the favourite for second money. The time, 3min.<Hsec., was especially good tor the rdistance, as the race was run o.ver half-a- furlongfurther than a mile and a-lialf. He is engaged in the Onkaparinga Hurdle" Race with 10.4, but' Sheoak would certainly seeto to hol'd him sWely. THE Flying Handicap produced another good field, the public supporting Eva and Silver Pines, but I really think that May Day (who was previously to the race leased to E. Davis, of Caulfield) and The Roe carried quite as much coin. The Roe won cleverly by a length from May Day, who was coming very rapidly at the end of a j badly-timed run. She wks ridden" by Norman Leek,' who steered her to victory at Mentcne, and attempted the same tactics of waiting for a strong run, but on Saturday last she met one going pretty nearly as fast as herself. BBENNUS "was backed from threes down to evens for the Sandown Park Handicap, and won very cleverly, although young Alfy Hearn rode Lady! Heart EO well and vigorously that the favourite J s boy had to call upon Dillon's halfbrother for an effort. The eon of Brenda was equal to the challenge, and won by a length and a-halfl Lady Heart showed the best form she has yet exhibited ia metropolitan company. Clive was heavily supported for this race, but was never at all prominent. The gallop will, however, do him a lot of good, as he pulled up very much distressed. THE Steeplechase was the undoubted feature of the day, as the field comprised Larrikin r ad Doondiab, both engaged at Onkaparinga, as well Mignon, Tremolo, Doctor, Belle and Sir W. Unfortunately Riot declined the contest, or we should have had a first rate line for the Oakbank meeting. Sir W. ran off early, and Doondiah fell when going well. Tremolo cut out the running, and appeared to hold Larrikin very safely. At the distance, however, the leader began to stop, and Jack Cameron attempted to bring up the top weight on the inside. Allan— whose: first appearance it was as a professional— refused to open out, as he was well within his rights to keep his position. Larrikin had to come - on the outside, and was fast catching Tremolo, who was stopping to nothing, his pilot knowing h? dare not touch him with the whip. Larrikin ran a great race, tut the winning-post was too near, and Tremolo managed to get home by a neck, with the honours all belonging to the top weight, Larrikin. OVER the three miles and a-quarter, which is the distance of the Great Eastern Steeplechase, Larrikin is called upon to carry 13 6, or the odd lbs. more than he did on Saturday, with a mile and a-quarter farther to go. The distance will suit him ail to pieces, but he has to reckon with Riot, who at Kyneton made mincemeat of Tremolo, giving the latter 71b., whereas on Saturday last Larrikin gave Tremolo 381b. Now, at Oak bank Larrikin has to concede Riot 421b., and therefore I look to Riot to win, although Larrikin is capable of much improvement on his fprm last Saturday. : If T were a punter I should select Charon and Sheoak for the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race, and finish with Riot for the Steeplechase, As this meeting will not, ho wever, take place until Easter Monday, I shall have further occasion to refer to it. No less than seventeen faced the barrier for the Welter Handicap, the general choice falling upon Brighton j whilst late commissions were put in the market for Melema and Actress. The favourite was never prominent; but Melema won cleverly from Sunray and Florida, with Qualigy and Waxworks clost up. I must confess to seeing a terrible lot of foul riding during this race, and one candidate for winning honours was badly treated. BY- THE-BYE, it is said that a starting price com mission was worked for one horse during the day > but the fact leaked out, and the parties connected with the horse were in a funk, as the telegraph informed the fielders a little too early of the intended coup. I think from these facts and from what I saw that the horse will score on another occasion. W. iloRAN has returned to head- quarters with a string of half-a-dozen, including a sister to Larrikin's conqueror, Vigil. TEERE are so many mining speculators engaged in racing pursuits that we have now come to look upon a lucky miner as being also the owner of a few racehorses. Mr. Oswald, who is the principal proprietor of that first-class going affair at Maldon known as the North British, and which, I believe, turns out some three or four ounces to the ton, has for some few years owned a few racehorses, which have been under the charge of Charlie Ivimy, but so far they have not, I should think, quite managed to pay for their oats* During the past week I heard a rumour that this " lucky reefer" intended purchasing something that will do credit to his colours, and all I can say is that I hope for once the old dame will not prove a liar. ON Saturday next Fleming ton will call its devotees together for the April meeting, and as there is but one Fleming*oa in all Australia we can expect Mr. Byron Moore's pet ground to receive a very large patronage. It is always difficult to determine owners' intentions for an off meeting until the scrat;hing bell has rung, but perhaps I shall not be very far out in hazarding the following tips:— HURDLE RACE. MILL PARK SELECTED ... KANGAROO II Lux HILL HANDICAP. HACCHUS SDNBURY... Mercury ... STEEPLECHASE MERCURY TRIANGLE Doctor APEIL EXCEL ... WARPAINT Cinder Ellen HANDICAP. 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 '3 1 2 3 TWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP. NUDITY OR LA CARABINE ... 1 NOBSHMAN ... . ••• 2 Rupee ... ... ... ... 3 WELTER HANDICAP. DEPOSIT 1 2 Ciiiyp. ; •» .Brighton -.;.. ... ... ... 3 • I AM .indeed pleased, to note that at last the eliminated the Selling Race from one of their '6rdi_nary programmes, and that the May inpeting will not.be cursed with this event. The Brighton Handicap, a sprint of five furlongs, will replace it. The change could certainly have been improved upon, but we must be thankful for small mercies. FEA^SK CBBITT informs me that he will leave on Monday next for Onkaparinga, taking with him Zanonia, Chummie and Mailboat. IT is currently whispered about that Riot will be ridden by Alf. Williams in the Great Eastern Steeplechase at Onkaparinga. MR. A. H. COX has received some first-claBs entries for his meeting to be held at Maribyrnong next Wednesday, so probably we shall again witness a large congregation of sports at this pretty, course. THE.burdleracer Laen has changed hands, and is now under the care of Harry Connolly at Caulfield. : 