BLADYS: A WOMAN OF COURAGE. By S. BARING GOULD, M.A., Author of " The Broom-Squire," " The Queen of Love,"" " Mehalah," " Court Royal," etc, etc, (Copyright.) CHAPTER IX, Nan. Luke Francis had departed and Nan Norris carried Bladys to bed, and did all that lay in her power to soothe her overwrought nerves, rightly judging that what she needed was not rousing, but the opposite treatment. She sat by the bed till she saw that Bladys was asleep. Then she descended the stairs, went outside the house, and put up the shutter. The Savoyard lay by the expiring fire, and was snoring ; the monkey, coiled up in a ball in his bosom, was also asleep. Satisfied with what she had done, Nan now opened the door to an adjoining apartment in the length of the house, and shut that after her. Next she un- bolted an outer door, and in another minute the sound was heard of the clatter of horse hoofs up the steps to the garden from the road. Immediately I following the sounds came the horses that had produced it. They passed in at the door, through the room, and disappeared into a cellar behind, excavated out of the rock. Five entered, and were followed by ! as many men wearing masks. The leader threw off his, and disclosed the face of George Stracey, the man who I had entered for the game of bowls that was to be played for Bladys, but who had withdrawn. " Give us a busy, wench'!" said Stracey ; " we've not done badly to-night, but there was no occasion for our horses, as it happened." " Hush !" said she ; " make no noise. We have guests. Did you not mark that the shutter was down ?" " Ay, or we should have stabled our beasts earlier. But you have closed now, and that is the signal that our quarters are safe." " Jacomo Is here." " There is nothing to be apprehended from him. He is our very good servant, and anon does us an excellent turn." "And Stewponey Bia is above." i " Alive or dead ?" " Alive, and asleep." " Od's life ! she looked like one dying. You baggage, you were jealous, and would not let me contest for such a prize, or I might have won" " No, George, I would not permit it." "You jade! Come now, give us a wet of gin were cold with carrying so long in the falling dew, waiting for notice that all was safe." " Step into the cellar. Nothing can be heard that is said there." When morning broke, Stewponey Bia opened her eyes. Nan perceived with delight that she was recovering ; there was no longer a dazed look in her eyes, a stony indifference in her face ; some colour now flushed her cheeks. Nan had shared her bed with Bladys, and when she rose she addressed her home panion in cheery fashion, and was answered rationally and readily. Not only so, but Bladys exhibited a desire to know where she was, and how she come to see there. " My dear," said Nan, setting her arms akimbo, with a hand on each hip, " you and your men, when you was married yesterday, were travelling to Bridge- north, and the rascally highwaymen stayed the carriage. Ah me ! What a sight of wickedness there is in the world ! And that manor. yours turned out of the chaise, and emptied his pockets, and surrendered all the blunt he had mild as buttermilk, and shaking for fear in his shoes." The girl broke into a merry laugh. " By dear goes A I dare be sworn it is sufficient to frighten any man to see about him masked men and you-you was also out of your senses. Yet they made you dance with them on the heath. And some of those God- forsaken knaves fetched me also to tread a measure. But I heed them not. I have no gold to lose, nor silver either. They do no harm to the poor, they address their courtesies to the rich alone. As for me, I can hold my own in the face of them. And Tom, the post-boy, he took it all as a matter of course. It isn't the first time Tom has been, stopped, I'll warrant ye." Nan was a handsome girl, short, ' firmly knit, with high colour, dark hair, and lustrous, hazel eyes, full of twinkle. As she spoke there was a dash and fire in her manner that plainly said the I wickedness of the world did not vastly grieve 'her, that the world would have been Hurt a dull planet without some spice of wickedness in it, and that high I waymen were not to her objects of utter abhorrence. ' " It is well for you that you fainted. Captain Velvetface-" " Who is Velvetface ?" i " The Captain. You see all have black faces but they are muffled in crape, whereas he alone has a mask of velvet. Oh ! a rare man Is he !" She flushed and other eyes gleamed. *" He might have carried you off. I know I Velvetface. That is, I have heard 'tales 1 told of him. They declare that he loves gold dearly, but that he loves pretty girls more dearly still than gold. Set a bag of yellow guineas before him, and beside it a bright-eyed queen, and I know which he will choose. But you were white and dead, like a figure of snow, and not to his taste. So he chose the money-bag. Poor fool," laughed Nan. " I dare swear you have not kissed your husband, and now he has run away." " He is gone ?" " Gone home to Shrewsbury. The talk is that he is in the law, and the assizes are coming on. Bah !" She wiped one hand against the other. " I would have "o dealings with a lawyer. Such the spiders as weave the webs that catch and throttle our boys. Ah, well ! we're clear of Onion this year. Tom Matthews is none of ours." "What do you mean by Onion ?" *. Onion ? I thought every man, woman, and child knew of him." " Who is he ?" "The hangman." ex ss Do you know, him ?" " I know of him. That is enough. lifeless pray God deliver me from further acquaintance with him. He wears a mask, they say I do not know. I have never been at a banging. He is an Onion, they tell that has "sought tears into many eyes." Then Nan departed. When she had left the room Bladys rose. She was weak in body, (but composed in mind and clear In head. She was desirous of being alone, for only alone was she in condition to understand the events that had taken place, and through which she had passed. During the previous day her mind had been half dead. She had seen, heard, felt, what had taken place without any corresponding emotion within. A series of pictures had passed before her eyes.?, but they had been to Over without significance. The distress and perplexity to which she had been subjected had deprived her of sleep, and had so harassed her by day that she had been thrown into a condition of nervous exhaustion, in which everything was to her indifferent. She had been as a sleepwalker upon the day when she was bowled for, won, and wedded. Her actions had been those of an automaton. It may be that a swoon Is Nature's method of recuperation of the vital powers, that it concentrates into a little space of time the beneficial effects of a week of uninitermitted slumber. The long lapse into unconsciousness, followed by even sleep, had restored the mental activity of Bladys. She was glad to be left alone, that she might. review what had taken place and orien- tate herself for the future. She slowly dressed, and then seated herself on a stool by the latticed win dow, looking forth into the foliage of the sycamores, through which the light twinkled, as the morning wind agitated the leaves. Now she was able to summon every picture that had presented itself to her eyes on the day before. It was as the Witch of Endor calling up ghosts and quaking before the ap- parations that answered. The proceedings of the preceding day unrolled themselves before her in their proper sequence. She could recall every incident, even the most minute and trifling every word that had been spoken, even the intonation of the voices that had spoken them. But now, and now only, did she understand what these pictures and utterances signified. As the melody in Baron Munchausen post-horn was frozen, and at the time it was sounded remained mute but afterwards, by the fire, became unsealed and the notes flowed in their proper order and harmonic propriety, so was it now with the recollection of the events of the day that was past. As Bladys sat at the window looking at the twinkling foliage she saw them not, but instead contemplated a retrospect. Her father had been impatient to be rid of her that he might bring Catherine Barry into the house one of whom she could not think without a shudder as the element that embittered her mother's last days, the cause of the acceleration of her end. Branded into her convictions was the thought that it would not have been possible for her to remain at the Stewponey when that woman entered it to assume therein a position as mistress. There was sufficiency of good feeling in her father's dull and perverted, heart to make him aware of this. But the manner in which he sought to rid himself of his child was in itself an outrage, hardly inferior to that of introducing Catherine Barry into her mother's room. There was no other ex- ? case for his conduct than the lame one of weakness. And indeed more mis- chief is worked in the world by feeble- i ness than vice. This impotence of will had led Cornelius Rea into the scandal of setting his daughter as a prize to be games for, and of thrusting her into the arms of a man of whom he knew nothing and for whom she did not care. She saw before her eyes the bowling green. She was alone on it with Crispin Ravenhill ; she saw his soft eyes full of kindly light, heard the tremor of his voice as he spoke kindly to her felt again the throbbing of her heart in response. And she saw further, the bowling-green invaded by a great concourse of men ; she saw the number of competitors reduced to two, the jack cast, the bowls thrown ; she heard once more the controversy over the unbiased ball, she saw the wrestling men-everything to the moment when she touched the jack with her foot, set it rolling, and! it tripped up Crispin Ravenhill. Then she sprang to her feet with a cry of dismay, of anguish, of self-re- proach ; she thrust the fingers of both hands through her dark hair and drew them out as far as she could extend her hair, and stood thus, as one struck to stone. " What ails thee ?" asked Nan, running up the stairs at her cry. " Nan Norris," said Bladys, hastily, "I must know what followed. I have got so far Listen to me." With feverish heat, with gleaming eyes, and a flame burning in each cheek, she told the girl all that had taken place-she spoke of the events as though reading them out of a book, with (breathless rapidity. And then, when she reached the fall of Crispin, she broke off. Then, after a pause, she said, ?" I must know what has happened to him. Is he dead ? Did I kill him Nan, Nan, I will myself go to Kinver and inquire." "That you cannot, or you shall not do," said the warm-hearted girl. *' Nan, I shall die of self-reproach, and dreadful expectations. I cannot endure it. I must know. The thought is like a drop of fire that will not out ; it burns in-ever more inward. I must know the truth. I rolled the jack. He tripped and fell fell with his head on it. If I had not touched the side he would not have gone down. He would have been the conqueror, and I-I-" she withdrew her hands from her streaming hair and covered her face. " Set your mind at ease," said Nan, caressingly. " You'll get gazed with thinking and with fancies. I'll myself run to Kinver, and you shall hear all anon. Sit you down and think no more about it. Yet, this I can tell you : I do not (believe he can be dead, or some tidings would have reached our place before now. Bad news goes about like squirrels." Nan was as good as her word. She threw a shawl over her head and went forth. During her absence Bladys sat at the window, looking into the twinkling leaves, and with thoughts that twinkled -now flashing with hope, now obscure with despair. She did not move from her place ; she did not stir a finger of her folded hands, only her lips moved as she spoke with herself inaudibly. The time passed without her being able to estimate how long it was. Whether she had been sitting there for ten minutes, for ten years, for an eternity, she could not have said. She was in one of those trances-of which perhaps death may be one-in which time ceases to be an element to be accounted with. She was roused by the hand of Nan on her shoulder. " Stewponey Bia ! He is alive and recovering. He was stunned ; nothing worse. By Gales, though there was something worse-he lost you by that fall."' Bladys looked round at Nan, and said I " I have something for your ear." " What may that he ?" Nan threw herself on the floor at the feet of Bladys. She was hot and tired with running, her hair dispersed, her eyes twinkling with pleasure and with kindly thought She folded her hands on the knee of Bladys, and looked up into her white face. " Nan. Can you answer questions B's "That depends on what the questions best j " Man. I do not love my husband's " Od's life I do not marvel," laughed the girl, , " And I love another's " That I can guess The girl started from her sitting posture to her knees. "And," continued Bladys, "I will never, never be the wife of him who married me. So help me God." " Whew I" exclaimed Nan, " and where in all this is the question 2" u What now shall I do ?" "That," said Nan, " is what I cannot answer. You must take mother into counsel ; she has teeth to crack such nuts." (To be Continued on Saturday.) . An leo bicycle has been invented and patented by two men in Chicago. The in vendors claim to have made a mile in one minute and twenty seconds on the ice. T< Paris is going ahead in the matter of catering for cyclists. In the beautiful Bois de Boulogne there is now a special avenue, over a mile in length, which is exclusively reserved for cyclists. Soft, Fair, Delicate Skin and a Beautiful and Healthy Complexion only procured by using Rowland's Kalydor, which removes Freckles, Tan, Sunburn, Redness, Roughness of Skin, heals and cures Irritation, Stings of Insects, Cuta- neous Eruptions, and is most cooling and soothing in all weathers. Ask chemists for, Rowlutf'aLKatKLâorj^HCAâvt^ ' 