QUEEN ELIZABETH'S GHOST. SEEN IN WINDSOR CASTLE. A very remarkable story was published in the Daily mail on February 16, to the effect that Lieutenant A. St Leger Glyn. 3rd Battalion Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost in the library at Windsor Oastie. The following statement was made by the lieutenant's mothur. the Hon. Mrs. Can Glyn, to the ilaU investigator:—"lt is per fectly true that my son his witnessed some thing abnormal.' Heva?, he tells me, sitting ' in the library of Windsor Castle reading a book—'The History of Dorsetshire,' to be exact. As he read, ue became aware of some odc passing in the inner library. Ue looked up and saw a temalc figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a conker which 'was out cf view as my son sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just upon 4in the aiteruoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close tlie place. My son asked 'who the lady v. as; wbo was at work in the inner room, and tho: attendant replied that no one else was in the I library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across tho inner room. 'Then where could she be?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. * She must have gono out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indi cating a corner to which the figure had passed. 'But there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing About this incident, and did not think much sboot it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, ?sked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to fdescribe tee figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that ray son had Been the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these moms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man m oar time who had eeen it. The Dean of Windsor atae asked ray Gon about it, and several members <jt the Royal Family have interviewed him on the subject. As for -fcfr. Holmes, I sub given to understand tsat be 'has -ftpent nights and tfay? In tho library since, fat the hopes of being' vouchsafed a visi tation." ? ????...- - - : The Hon. Sydney Csnr Glrn, tin famous Crimean veteran, md father-of Lieutenant Glyn, here entered the roonv and' trpon learn ing of the topic under'dreotfsHion, said, "If my eon b&]Tb %c has' Been ja^tting, you nt*y take it from ns that be has Been it. He is a freeh honest En^lisfi boj, only a sahaitenl, but fond of field eporta, lifcu most guardsmen, and hnlike some gHardsnifiii,'fond of readiy?. He'VyAddn't '^t&g;^ewte snytltisg % liaii^a breattL" Both tb? fitm: -kad ?? iin. Can Gly? '?gavo -pomassion for -the pubScation Af this statement -fay their *on,: subject to tbesairotfco of Lieitanant'-GVra-' On-SrMdfly nitfht-a telegram ?tas dispittobed to Lienl*iiant Glyn, eoUcSrms lea?e to ?gUe Use: Aacjm bis -aattutritr, and jetterdty tnoming (sine: tbe aoiW?p-^'*Gertainijrv'?f Too 'lita. — GrtK-.-Grefladiera, lslay." Tbe representati?e of tbe du^r-Jfaft next saw Mr.E it Holmes, F.8.A., O?;libranan of tho Oastte; ?nd Trrit*s,?:-iMr,- Hobnra Goodoetsd su to tbo. scene- of ' the-' alleged apparitioiL ? He' pointed cat the chair occupied by Mr. Gtyn, Wtrich stands ."on-:.'tbe -.east side of the-first room, andl -seated myself in it; ImmttMateiy before aue was a large plobe, loofcragpost-wliiA a few steps lead np mt? * sallerf.-th? eidee'df 'whicn^ure-lined Boota. On the sonth ?de of: thepdiety— wfiifib-wM bo3t %y <Qaebn £aizabetn ?nd wei by her as a picto?-callery, in which sho was acens'tomed to walk, and where she devised or reflected upon those masterpieces of statecraft which have made hut reputa tion what it is—^stands a fine chimney piece over which a bust of the "Virgin <}ueen" looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shade has been so recently eeenV Mr. Holmes says that tiiis gallery has had tbe reputation of being haunted by 'the ghost of -Queen Elizabeth from lame oat of memory. His own recollection of the story dates from 27 rears ago, and he has been in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in the gallery for several yean in tie hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. "???.. 