TIHE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. [AL?. RIcrTs 'RESERVED.] BOOK I.-THE CRIME. (The Story according to Mr. Thomas Tennant.) SYNOPSIS OF PRECLEDING CHAPTERS. The opening chapters of the story are narrated by iMr. Thomas Tennant, Lon don, Stock and Share Broker. Tennant, who is a good natured man, hit irresolute in a crisis, is attacked by an adventuress inamed Ellen Howth, while the two are travelling in a com partnlent on the London Brighton Railway. Tennant is acquainted with Ellen's career ill the past, and the woman, fearful lest lie should prove an awlkard obstacle in her path, up braids hiin so savagely that he en deavours to leave tile comllarltmenllt while the train is ill molltionl. She tries to prevent him, and in her struggle loses her grip on Tennant- who has opened the door in his effort to escape--and falls out. A strong wind is blowing, and ere Tennant can recover fromn the first horror of the situation the door is violently slaiinied, the glass shivered, and the unfortunate inan's face badly cut. Instead of raising the alarnm, the man's irresolu tion is his ruin. Ile remains terror stricken in the carriage until it reaches the nearest station, where Ilhe is confronted by an adventurer, who froml the next collpartlllellnt has over heard the quarrel between the stock broker and the woman who has, in reality, fallen out. 'his individual, who is a "blackinailer," has, it appears, been employed to trace out a missing heiress known as Louise O'Donnel, alnd he starts forthwith to lllake what capital he can by holding a veritable Sword of Daniocle', over the head of the nerve-shaken iTen'nant. In sue cecding chapters Reginald Towll senld, a handsonme "man abolut town," is introduced, anll it hbecomes allpparent he is ill soine manner mixed up with the fate of the missing Louise O'loniiel. 'Tennant, horrified at the Plositionl ill which lie Iillds himself, en dleavours to drowni rememlbrance of lit in a rounll of gaiety, but his dissipa tion is brought to a terminlation by his seeing what he believes to be the ghost of the dead wonman. Dulriig the illness that follows he confesses a!l to his devoted wife, who collfrollts anslid discoencerts tile Imnlportunate black mailer, wilho is conlstanltly (ldemandilng "hush" monl0ey from iler husbandili. CHAPTER VIIl.--Continued. "One momnent, sir, before you go." -e removed his hat--with a flourish which, as usual, was reminiscent of the tranlspontine drama. "Matlam, ten thousand, if you wish it.' "Are you the personi whlo travelledt in the next compartment to my ius- hand's from B1righton?" "Madael, I am." 'You look it." The fellow might be excused for looking a little startled-which he cer tainly did do. I have found that particular tone of Lucy's, now and then, a little startling myself. The man did not seem as if he quite knew what to make of it. "I look it, madam-how do you mea.n?" "You look the sort of character." "To what sort of character, madam, do you refer." "You look the sort of person who would wear another man's clothes." He drew himself bolt upright, as ii his backbone had suddenly been straightened by a spring. "Madam ! I would have you to know that I wear no one's clothes but my own." "Yon are wearing my husband's clothes at this present moment." "Your husband's clothes?" "Were they not purchased with his money?" "Madam! you have, a. very extra ordinary way of putting things. Is it possible that you intend to be offen sive?" "Is it possible to be offensive to such as you?" "I, madam, am a gentleman, born and bred." "That you are a gentleman of a cer tain kind I have no doubt whatever." The man begani to look badgered, as if he were growing conscious of a feel ing of tightness about the region of the chest. He commenced to smooth the nap of his hat, violently, with his gloved hand. "I take it, Mrs. Tennant, that you don't quite realise the position ill which your husband stands." "And 1 tak!re it that you don't at all realise the pIosition in which you stand." The fellow ceased brushinig hlis hat, the lbetier to enable him to stare. "I standl?" "Yies. you." "Amni piray, madam, how do stand?" "Haive you ever' hieard of such a thilng as 1an accessory after the fact?" "An accessory afterl the fact?" "Because that is the position in which you stand--in the position of an acces?sory after the fact." The man looked unmistakably un easy. I-Ie continued to suispend the operlation of smoothing his lhat. "You are pleased to be facetious." "You will find that that view will not be taken by a judge and jullry." It was with a distinct effort that the fellow returned to an attitude of de fiance- squnl'ing his shoulders and tugging at his moustache. "I have no wish, and no intention, to chop phrases with a lady. I imagined, madam, that you desired to say some thing pertinent to your husband's ter rible position-with the gallowsalready shadowing him. Since it appears to he otherwise I can hut proceed to do my duty." "By all means do your duty. But you understand that when my husband is arrested you will be arrested too." "Pooh, madam-you cannot frighten me!" "But I can, and will, get you penal servitude for life." "Can you, indeed, madam? May I ask how you propose to do it?" "By telling the plain and simple story of your connection with my hus hand. That will be sufficient, as you know." "I Iknow nothing of the sort; tell your story, and be hanged!" Thrusting his hat upon his head, the fellow marched out of the room in a couple of strides. His exit, whether consciously to himself or not, was marked rather by haste than by dignity. When he had gone I looked at my wife. Lucy, on her part, looked at the door through which he had vanished. "Now you've done it," I observed. Lucy turned to me with a smile hovering about her lips, which, under the circumstances, I thought was a little out of place. "I have done it, as you say." "You don't seem to be aware of what you've done. What's the good of talk ing to him like that? Do you suppose that you can frighten him-that you can: take, him in? He knows very weii that whatever happens to me he'll go scathless. He's the one witness whom the prosecution will not be able to do without." "[ think you are mistaken. With a man of that type the high horse is the only horse you ought to ride. He de sires nothing less than to get into the witness-box, or I misjudge the man. I suspect that his own record is not of a. kind which he would care to have exposed to the cross-examining light of lday." H-lardly were the words out of her mouth than there came a tap at the panel of the door. Lucy shot a. glance towards me. "Who's there?" she asked. Whom should it be Ibut our friend the scoundrel. He came in with quite a dove-like air of mildness, mincing, like a dancing-master, on his toes. "Excuse me, but even on the front door steps my heart got the upper hand of me. I could not do what seemed even to appliroximate to cruelty. I could not hang anybody-I judge not, so that I may not be judged. M1y one aspiration is, and always has been, to he a friend in need. 1 cannot help it, but so I amn."'' Producing a parti-coloured silk handlerchief-brand new-he manil u lated it in such a manner as to diffuse an. odour of perfume through the room. My wife looked him up and down. -lHer tone was dry. "Your sentiments do you' credit." "Ti'hey do, I know it; but, such as they are, they are mine own." iHe coughed. "So far as I am personally concerned, financial considerations are as nothing. It is circumstancees which weigh rme down. Instead of one hun dred pounds, suppose we sa.y seventy five--in a, cheque and cash." Lucy took upon herself to answer him- "T am afraid we cannot say seventy five." "Merely as a temporary advance, till Monday. I expect remittances on Monday,' very large remittances. from my agents." Lacy's tone was even drier than be fore. "I am glad to hear it." "Yes, quite so." The fellow glanced towa'rds me. ITHe came. sneaking to wards my bed. He spoke to nie under cover of his lihat. "I think, Mr'. 'Ten nant. if you were to ask your good lady to withdr.aw, and were to allow me to have one word with you, bietween our selves, in private-just one-I know we should understand each other; I am sure e should." (To be continued in our next.) 