Earning a Living io (Mia. TRICTLY speaking, some dr^^ . «arn more than^hey ever re jSL,. ceivej while others are bless ftl^K ed with a 'living' which ^S|||| they never «arn. Then; too, ?^iw the word living conveys. as ^J& many shades of meaning as *Q^ there are classes .and condi tions of men; but ~to the average Chinese laborer the \- meanine is daily supplies for aailv necessities. The Chinese are a people of marvellous .economy. They will support a family, furnishing all that the . household en joys of food, shelter, and clothing, -from a small garden which/they call a farm, but which would not more fh'i furnish an American family with early vegetables. Even in the cities the laboring people receive the merest pittance for their work. How many manage to live, and even to look sleek and t at/ upon the meagre fare which such wages can buy, is a marvel to Europeans, and even more so to Americans. The following is a partial list of wages received in Canton, where the people are better paid tT'»' in many parts of CJUna. A daily portion of rice is sometimeB given in addition to motey: — WAGES FOR SKTLIiED LABOR. Per ] . Per a month. . month, dols. . dols. Shoemaker ? 4.00 Designer ? i... 6.00 Blacksmith ? 5.00 Silversmith ..... 8.00 Fine ivory-carver 12.00 Painter ? 4.50 Tailor ? 5.00 Cook ? ,.., ? 6.00 Fine embroiderer 4.00. :' 'Many men, many minds,' and many methods of making money. China, without doubt, has the many men; and, occupying as she does a midway position between barbaric and : advanced nations, she embraces the many methods which are employed by both kinds of people in earn ing life's necessities. The Chinese are as superstitious as any race in Asia or even Africa: therefore they must 'sup- port a great army of people to minister to these superstitions. In addition to their temples and pagodas, their monasteries and prieste — all of them probably receiving more, in proportion to the whole amount of money .handled, than do the churches and ministers .of Christ In Europe or the United States— the people of China sup port; idol-makers, geomancere, fortune-tellers, physiognomists, soothsayers, astrologers, and Interpreters of dreams, an army of each. You find these people in all parts of China. Most of them look as though it were no difficult mat ter to gain a living by their own wit, or the lack of wit in others. The position, which they occupy is above .the artisan, but below the scho lar or the priest. The idol-makers are frequently skilled work men from the various trades. Some are fine ivory-carveirs, others silversmiths, blacksmiths, and wood-carvers. The skill of the wbod'-carver is shown in the large, grotesque figures upon the doors and near the entrances of temples. In stead of copying . Mature, they all burlesque her handiwork. The fish idol, which is sometimes suspended from the eaves of 'temples, is an ex ample of this grotesque style of work. The workman, who toils for days or even weeks to make one, does not attempt to picture any par ticular fish, but tries to carve out something which will frighten-any timid worshipper. He is not satisfied when he gives the wooden fish a full set of shark's teeth; he must add the large canine teeth of the savage quadruped. If the' carver is working for merit, he may imagine any amount charged to his account; but the actual wages which 'he receives will not bring him riches, though he may be better paid than one who carves tables and cabinets. . :. Geomancers are those who search out lucky places for the burial of the dead. There are more than the , usual number of tricks to this trade, which only the initiated understand. These diviners carry a compass, with which to locate relatively the positions of neighboring streams and Mils. After various mysterious calculations they select a spot and proceed to examine the soil with . great care. Stony soil is condemned at once; red earth is pronounced good; while it is still better if a stream of water flows in that direction, or if the chosen location com mands a broad view. If the client is dissatisfied with the diviner's first choice, he must fee him handsomely ibefore he will seek a more de» eirable spot. These tricksters earn a better living than the average workmen, who sup port a large number of them in every Chinese province. ' The clever interpreter of dreams has a profitable position in the Orient, where the people be lieve that each dream has a hidden -meaning. If a vision is vivid, or deeply impressed upon the mind, the dreamer calls immediately upon tn interpreter, who is not only aWte — for a fee to reveal the meaning, but will1 sell a mystic scroll warranted to combat victoriously any threatening ill-luck. Another thing growing out of Chinese superstition which Is a source of profit to many people is the spirit money. Fes tivals, high days and holidays, birthdays and times of mourning, all call for supplies of this imitation cash. Spirit money is burned whenever offerings are made to gods or ancestors; ' for it is supposed to furnish disembodied beings with the 'legal tender' of spirit-land. Each night, householders, laborers, and tradesmen pay this tribute to the powers of the air. Although by no means mono polising the trade, the single city of Shao-hing employs, one hundred thousand- men, women, and children to manufacture cash, for ghosts. The peculiar superstitions of China, embarass workmen in the pursuit of their ordinary trades. For example, the carpenters and builders, though' receiving better -wages than many other work men, must spend much of their earnings in heavy toll for the privilege of passing along the Chinese turnpike of superstition. In the first -place, they must exercise great care, when building a house, to 'select a ridge-beam having neither cracks nor knots. One small hole is made therein and filled with goad-leaf; then the beam is painted red. All this is supposed to bring the future in habitants riches and honors. A picture of Chong-Wong-Yae, the special god of carpen ters, is usually hung from the rafters of a new house or one undergoing repairs. These, por traits tire rented, for a small sum, from the priests at the temple of Chong-Wong-Yae, whi ther carpenters and builders resort to make their offerings in order to ward off possible, acci dents. If a house is to be repaired, wonderful forethought is necessary. The evil spirits which are supposed to occupy each dwelling that mor tals have inhabited cause the carpenter no end of trouble and no trifling expense. First an astrologer must be consulted with regard to the most lucky day for beginning the work; then a square suspended from the! ridge-beam is a noti fication to the spirits of \ darkness that their dwelling-place is to be disturbed, wherefore the square thing for them to do is to move out quietly and peacefully. Next the carpenters make offerings to thefe© unseen residents. These gifts seem to say, 'If you please, spirits of dark ness, accept this bribe and speedily take your, flight.' ' Next the neighbors must' be warned that these evil influences are about to be turned loose, perhaps to seek shelter under a neighbor ing roof. Every bouse on that street receives 'aTTnoHce that upon a certain day and hour ; re pairs are to begin on the dwelling of Ah /Sin. Each household can then pay the imps not io enter its doorway, but to go to the next neigh bor , . . . The first person in all the world who raised silkworms for the purpose of rob bing' the cocoon of its soft covering was the Em press Si-Lung- Cb.ee, who reigned In China 2700 B.Ci She. is now worshipped as goddess of the silkworm. Once each year a national festival is held in her honor. . The reigning Empress and her maidens resort to the temples of SiLung Chee, and pay her, in -flowers and spirit .money, an jTigfg.irnatiif upou the debt which China ewes to her; .lor did she not make tile important dis covery whereby the poor may earn life's neces sities and the rich, may rustle in shining gar anents? . ? . ' '' ? ? *. ' ' :' ' ' ' In the cities, trades of a Mnd are all of one xnlsd in choosing a location. Even the hotels are usually grouped within a square or two of one another. Each one seeks to attract guests by high-sounding -titles— for example, in Canton are hotels which flaunt tie signs of 'The T5Vjrtunaie Star,' 'The Golden Profits' (an' unusually :franki confession for a landlord to make), 'The Kank Ctajl£i?ing/'. amd 'Tile HappjmejSgS The .food, :1b :ii)l *b bad; but the trayeilerrf^fco goes Hn «ne «rf ttew houses to sleep wilia wish that lie ;haa gone to another. *Oie bedrooms are small, ifcln-walled 'bpxeig -'in which you may hear the liteathing'of your jiext neighbor, er '.fee kept iawa^ai JoaU jthfi niglit^y, ine conversation* et peqgle.**t; the ether end of ifee loll, '. «r, worse stilU r*e almost stifled by the smoke froim an opium pirn ^^^ib:.^^''b^g';-indu|^d:|n:'~by theaaan across the t»ssage^jajy^j':r-' .''?'v-.Vv- '(' ..'^-;-;'.-'i '-; .-?' --' -' S^e tea isalipons furnish employment to singers and jventfriloqulsts, or elocutionists, who are iired . br the proprietor to entertain the men wno gather there to; drink tea and gossip. Upon small tables, are placed trays noldlng a variety of cakes and ?preseryes, which &© served ; with each. cup-, of deUcious freshiy made tea.; One house «f en tertainment peculiar te China is the dogand cat-mfiai restauranit. , This' does act naeaa that household pets' liire tnere \ljrosffiglit to be fed, but ^Oiatirabby and ^Fido are served np in stewB. . -Ac- : ^p7f?i./'/r^.y^ .ib-: ?'' %- '?:-'? ??' ?.^?????' -''? ?'-'?/.-' . ?'??'?r. cording to prides charged for other food,, these, stew? * are lather , sexpensive-e-especially if the cat or dog chanced , to Tie black, and, therefore, more nutritious, according to popular notion. The following list was copied from a Chinese sign: — ; One small basin Islack cat'etew . ...- . Set. , ? :: -Grease from black dog ; ? 4ct. ; jOne pair trtack^eat'S: eyes ? 4ct.' ; n — 'LIpplncott's Magazine' (U.S.). 