Wild Country and Wild Tribes. -VIII. A TOUR IN NORTH QUEENSLAND. By A. Meston. The country on the Upper Batavia is of no better quality than that from the telegraph line down to the sea. It is the same open forest of broad-leaf gums, bloodwood, ironwood, and ironibark, the soil generally poor and unsuitable for agriculture, Geologist Jack classes the whole peninsula on the west side, north of the Mitchell, as Desert Sandstone of the Cretaceous period. He excepts a narrow gulf coast belt from the Mitchell to the mouth of the Archer, and places that in the Trias Jura or coal-beariug formation. Ou the east coast he runs the granite from Princess Charlotte Bay north to Temple May, and thence to the Cape is the Desert Sandstone. This is, of course, so far somewhat speculative, and doubtless Mr. Jack will reconstruct some parts of his geological map when the peninsula is more fully explored. Along the Batavia and Ducie is a narrow strip of thick scrub, nearly all sulbject to flood by a strong current, and, therefore, valueless for agricul ture, even if there were sufficient quan- tity in any one locality. In this scrub the sportsman finds the scrub hen, scrub turkey, and the superb topknot. Swainson's, and magnificent fruit pigeons. There also are the splendid rifle bird of Cape York (Pthiloris alberta), and the two pittas, strepitans, and Maclotti. la the forest we find the bronze-wing pigeon aud the great slate-crested Macaw. In the rivers and lagoons are several varieties of fish, in- cluding Jardine's beautiful barramundi, which grows to a weight of 101b. or 151b. Large eels are common in all these waters. The marsupials Include paddyinella, two or three varieties of wallaby, the great gray kangaroo, bandicoot^, and opossums. I saw three varieties of iguana. Snakes are numerous, especially the iblack one, the death-adder, and the whip and carpet snakes. There are also strange snakes not yet 'known to herpetology. The blacks, as usual, eat every fruit, vegetable, and animal capable of being assimilated by human stomachs, pos sessing the digestive powers of an ostrich. They kill all birds, animals, snakes, and tish with the woomera spear, thrown either by the forefinger or the woomera. The total absence of the shield, nulla, and boomerang is am astonishing fact, tout no more so than the entire absence of the wooinera from Townsville south to the Bellenger River in New South Wales. Some form of shield, nulla, and boomerang was used in nearly every portion of Australia except the Cape York Peninsula north of Townsvllle. Very peculiar also was the eccentric distribution of the cere mony of knocking out a front tooth. This was unknown among the Morton Bay tribes, among whom the only mutilation was the removal of the first two joints of the little linger of the women. An old black on the Batavia presented me with seven front teeth recently knocked out of the jaiws of seven youths at the bora ceremony. Dentistry is not an advanced science among men of the Stone Age, amd so three of these teeth have fragments of the jaw attached. They are knock ed out exactly the same as (by the now long extinct Sydney tribe, who placed a pointed stick of hardwood on the tooth, and struck it with a round stone after three preliminary feints. At Syd ney 'the North Shore tribe, " Cainerri gal," had the exclusive right to perform this ceremony among the surrounding tribes. The Batavia man told me the tooth is struck after five feints. Some ingenious Theosophist may discover that the three feints (by the Sydney dentist had a mystic symbolical refer ence to the Trinity, and the live of the Batavia ceremony is an equally mystic symbol, representing the star of five rays of the ancients, the Pentalpha of Pythagoras ! Yet who can say what meaning those two ceremonies express, in what mind they originated, or in what portion of this planet far back in the dark unrecorded morning of the human race '! We are here face to face with a mysterious people whose history is lost for ever ; a people be- tween whom and any other now exist- ing there is absolutely no tangible con- necting link in customs, weapons, tradi- tions, beliefs, or language. We found them inhabiting a country with a living fauna and flora distinct from all others. This vast island continent, the oldest of the world, with its 11 vbag Ceratodus and Echidna, its long-dead Diprotodon and Nothotherum, speaks to us from still living forms, and the fossils sepulchred in ever lasting rocks, and bridges over the awful chasm of myriad unrecorded Ages between us and the time when primeval life was passing through strange transitions in obedience to the inexorable laws of evolution, and man himself had not even assumed the specific human form. To the question whence came the Australian abori- ginals? there comes only from the star depths and the silence of Time, and the old dead past, an echo which answers " whence came they ?" and with that we shall have to remain content. At present they are travelling swift-footed towards annihilation, and to coming ages will be only "as a tale that was told"; a dark phalanx of indignant ghosts vanishing through a shadowy portal to the realms of gloom. With this brief and solemn digression we shall return to the Batavia River. In n>y official report I estimated the number of blacks north of the 17th parallel at 20,000, and believe that is not excessive. It is difficult to ascer- tain how many there are in wild tribes, as those whom you see are probably only a half or a third of those who ex- ist. You can only see a fraction of the women and children unless you stay among them for some time and acquire their complete confidence. The ques- tion of number is a question of food sup- ply, and food is abundant on both sides of the peninsula, but very limited in the centre. There must be a great num- ber on the west coast, the " mangrove tribes" from the Coen or Albatross Bay south to the Mitchell, and on the east coast from Cape Bedford north to New- castle Bay. The 300 who occasionally assemble at Mapoon are collected from a small radius, and on the new rivers we saw camps in all directions. By last mail Mr. Schwarz, the missionary at Cape Bedford, informs me that " whole tribes have come in since you were here, and though large numbers have gone, there are still 100 left, and we have thirty at school." Those tribes came from north towards the Mclvor. Over a large area on both sides of the peninsula the blacks have not been In terfered with by white men. When finally leaving the Batavia River I took six blacks across to Bertie Haugh station, on the Dude, a distance of thirty-seven miles. Not one of the six carried less than from 20It>. to 301b., and they walked thirty-three miles be fore darkness compelled them to camp. We had left too late for them to go through. We camped about 100 yards from a lagoon, having first set fire to the long grass to clear the locality, and found next morning that we were only four miles from Bertie Uaugh. On one occasion Mr. Derrig had gone with me on official business to the Upper Ducie, thirty miles from Moretou. At the river we met Mr. Lindemann, the offi cer In charge at M'Donnell, and we all camped there. Next morning some blacks came up, fine big, active-looking men, and some of them walked the thirty miles to Moreton on the following day. When Derrig and I were return ing we met a mob of about forty men, and had a friendly interview. Some of these walked to Moreton next day. Bertie Haugh station stands at the head of Ducie navigation in a fork of the river. There is a comfortable resi dence and splendid yards equal to work ing 10,000 head of cattle. The man in charge was a Lif v Islander, an old pearl diver named Harry Price, the soul of kindness and honest as the sun. Mr. Frank Jardlne only visits the station at long Intervals, and the stock have been reduced to about 300. Jardine had long since made the Child's bargain with the blacks —" You leave me alone and I'll leave you alone," and both sides kept faithfully to the agreement When some bullocks were run in for me to select one to kill, there was a mob of blacks round the yard, and the bullocks took no notice of them, a certain proof that the cattle had not been hunted or speared. Harry Price was living under a Damo clesian sword. His partner was "a daughter of the gods, divinely black," and soon after her arrival a tall myall with a wild look in his eye and his left hand full of spears came into the station, struck a stage attitude, and exclaimed, " Let Argive Helen own her lawful lord," or something to that effect; and Harry, having both hands full of rifles, persuaded him to retire about ten miles until he had time to think the problem calmly over. But when Harry was dig ging sweet potatoes in an absent-minded sort of way, the dark Meuelaus stalked him behind an orange tree and took a pot shot with a woomera spear that just missed sending the " spud artist" to the land of shadows. Harry having vainly tilled the air with lead and unnecessary noise, retired to hold the fort. On the morning after my arrival he was once more among the potatoes, and Helen stood guard with a rifle while he wield ed the unpoetic spade. The course of true love is always in desperate need of some special precaution to lusure its running smoothly. There were fifty-one men and twenty five women mustered on the day I shot the bullock ; all healthy, active, intelli gent-looking people, three of the men being fully 6ft. in height. The cattle fed on that country cut up much better than they look, and carry a large amount of Inside tallow. I never be fore saw blacks with auch an extraor dinary craving for fat. At first it ap peared as if they wanted it for their hair and skin, but this illusion vanished when a few were seen to make small fires, toaet a couple of pounds of pure suet, and eat the whole lot at once. Men and women all had this extraordin ary appetite, and after a banquet of roast fat they would lie down and have a long and peaceful slumber. Which reminds us that civilisation has been purchased at the price of eyesight, hearing, smelling, and digestion. Imag ine the effect of two or three pounds of roast suet on the stomach of the average white man! Of course some one will write to remind us of a Queensland Judge who absorbed two pounds of butter at eacfo meal and died from a visitation of oil. 