CHAPTER SSX.-AT SCARISWOOD. Late in the afternoon Lady Danger field,' her uncle, cousin. new governess, and servants-an imposing procession arrived from Londonat Scarswood Park. Scarswood! With the rose flush of the setting sun upon it, with the glades, the lawns, the shrubberies steeped in gold, .nith the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to burnished silver, the scarlet roses11ike sparks of fire, every leaf of the copplr beeches blood-red rubles, the win dows glancing through the trees like sheets of burnished gold. Scarswood Park and the turreted old mansion came upon them-a'marvellously fair picture. Trackless depths of fern waved away and away, the great fish-pond spread out like a silver mirror. Landscape gar deners, under my lady's orders, had done their work; the parterres, the tropic bloom, the wealth of myrtle and mig nonette, of roses and geraniums. were like unto some modern Garden of Eden. "How lovely! What a magnificent old .place!" Lady Cecil exclaimed. "And you call It dull as death-as dismal as a tomb, V inevrma.": . It was Lady Cecil's first visit to the an cestral home of her cousin's rich hus band, and in her heart of hearts the girl dearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfeld glanced around her with a little sour air. .-"So it was, so it iso t so it will be-f I .let it. Why can't the London season last for ever? I like rural life and rus tic scenes-in pictures. In'real life give ;me Belgravia." "And balls, soirees, operns, drawing Tooms and drives-the old weary tread .mill, tiresome, endless round. For my self,six weeks in London, if you will,four of Paris, and the rest of the year in just .such a dear old country house as this." "Well, my dear, you shall have all that and more when you are Lady Tre genna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Scarswood, and twice as rural. Is that my lordandmaster I see on the por tico steps? Really he shrivels up and grows smaller with every passing day! rAnd here comes Pearl and Pansy flying down the steps like wild Indians. Miss fHerncastle, what do you think of your future home and your fuiture pupils?" The governess, in charge of my lady's :at King Charles, had taken the third seat in the carriage. The earl had not , "It is a beautiful place, my lady; but I have seen Scarswood before." "Indeed! This is not your first visit to Sussex, then? Was it in Sir Peter's time or before? Pansy, Pearl! Little wret ches, do you want to run under the car \- riage wheels? Stand back and be still! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those Children run wild in this boisterous man ner!" It was my lady's. first greeting to her husband, as she was assisted out of the Carriage. Sir Peter had come down the steps to meet her; she gave him two gloved fingers, then gave the twins first a shake, then a kiss. The little nine xYear olds were miniatures of herself the same round black eyes, the same crisp black hair, the same petite fen Cures and proportions, and so much,also, like one another, that it seemed'impos aBble at first glance to tell them apart. • "You disobedient little midgets!" their mother said. "How often have I told a'ou not to rush to meet anyone in that h*oydenish way? What is your maid (thinking of to let you?" "'Twasi't Susan's fault, mamma," * piped one black-eyed tisin. "She told me to stay in the nursery, but me and SPansy saw the carriage, and you and HýlltlflVPcncrresnrm-oe-mvssnas'e-an Scouldn't stay. We're so glad you've Some, auntie. Our dolls haven't got a nsummer dress to their backs!" . , Lady Cecil laughed, and kissed the twins. Children always fell in love iFith her at first sight. " "Not a summer dress to their backs, Pearl, and the season so far advanced! !A harrowing case, which must be at "tended to immediately. Sir Peter, Hill you endorse Pearl's Welcome, and say you are glad to see me likewise?" She gave him her hand with a smile •that thawed. even the frozen nature of 'Sir Peter Dangerfield., To be glad to see anyone who was a visitor and daily Slexpense was not in his nature; but, as such. things had to be under the rule lot his very much better half, he shook "[Lady Cecil's delicate grey glove, and' said something about his pleasure in ielcoming her to Scarswood. "And Scarswood is a 'home to be proud lot," Lady Cecil said; "my idea of an loarthly paradise, as I told Ginevra just slow . Papa stayed behind, Sir -Peter, .,talking to a friend.' He will be here 'or din'ner. Permit me-Miss IIern )castle, Sir Peter Dangerfield: Alm, Pansy! Snh, Pharl!' no more, dolls and dress makipg. 'Here is a lady come 1ll the tI?a' from: London to train you In the \-- ay you.should go" - The twins fixed four big, briglht black r~oes i full onithe- new governess. Sir '. etef bowed- the governess was at tome l .tttle distal?ce-then stopped,-"put uml \- ila Oyeglass, 'ad- stared again.. The governess.camr a step nearer, fixed her. y i! es -upoi his faie; made, a graceful ? obielsance:,'and tujiedl.to:h'er pupils. ( !'Will yo?u gietinE u' kiss, 'my dear ? -Youn are pansy, are ybu not ?-you " Piarl'?" ah, I thought I could tell.the Jdifference, though' you are .so much alike." :I: • trust;. Sir Peter you saw that the Uipholsterers fitted 'uli the drawing and !dining rooms necording, to miy orders ? .E Ve?e the pictures. ar-- She stopped : itlhottL "Good griclous .Queenie :what ;l my husband staling at? Sir Peter!" :-He never heard hir. Bils eyes, behind his dbuble eyeglass, were fixed upon 'ItLs Tierncnastle. His face r \- ..... , ~esva and looked at ilim _i, hast. "For Heaven's sake, look at him, ? ueenpie! Is hi' goling to have a fit or S Sir Peter Dangerfield, what on barth is the nmatter with you ?" She caught his iarm Impatiently, and gave him no geniitle shake-. S"He's staring at you, Miss Hern 'astle. What is the matter with him?" -sIiss Herneastle tulrned calmly from thlle children, and again looked at tie .bftronet. - 231 "ife certainly looks.very ill. Is there anythingI ciando ?"- .: d - ,' "Her voice!" the baronet said, In &, .:horror-struck.whlisper: "her. eyes,, her 'face! -Olh; Heaven!" 'Who'is this?" : ''Who?" his wife cried, with a second angry shake. "Are you mad? Who are you looking at'? What do *you mean ? Who ?" "That woman-that girl! Who is she ?" L "Miss Herncastle, the children's governess, you idiot!"' Lady Danger s field actually called - the baronet an y "idiot!" and gave him a second shake into the bargain. "What is there about \- her to frighten you into fits, I - should e like to know ?" - jffT s , 11n g l:; "and for one I moment-I thought-I could have sworn c it was--t was- "Well- whom ?" r "One dead and burled for six long \- years." - He turned his back abruptly, and Swith that ghastly answer walked into the house. a My lady turined angrily upon her new governess. s "Really. Miss IIernecastle," she began, 't haughtily, "this is very extraordinary, V. I must say. The Earl of Ruysland sees e you last night in the moonlight, and takes you for a ghost; Sir Peter Danger s field sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another. Who are you, pray ?" The faintest symptom of an amused S smile, dawned on he tranquil face of the tall nsursery ?.verness. "I am Ilelen Herncastle, my lady, and the? ghost of no oti lthat I know of." Lady Cecil, laugilbl outright-her sweet, mello,-lauflh: S. "How absurd you :re, Glnevra. Ghost, indeed! Only es'li consciences see ghosts. and Miss llerncas'le is much too'substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles someone Sir Peter has once knownt-dead six years, he said. Was there not a cousin-a young lady who died suddenly, an -" "imnpostor," said Lady Dangerfield. "Yes, there was'-1 daresay it is she! It's not Miss HIlerneastle's fault, I sup 1 ose, that she must resemble dead t people, but it's very extraordinary and e very unpleasant. My nerves have re \- ceisvel a shock they will not recover e from for a week.. I hate scenes!" Itch with silver, sparkling with cry Ssal. white with linen, gay with flowers, was the round dinner table at Scars woodthat night.. My lady, dressed in t one of Worth's most ravishing master \- pieces, though there were no gentlemen to admire but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord IRuysland, bland, urbane, suave, snlooth, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in his button-hole. Lady I Cecil, in gold-brown silk, the hue of her I eyes, was also there, but not Miss Slerneamstle. Sir 1Peter drew: a long sigh of relief. '"You're not looking well, Dangerfleld," my Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; "you positively are not. You lose flesh, you lose spirits, you lose appetite. It r Is evident that the air of Scarswood does not agree with you. Take my advice, I and go abroad." a His lordship was right - the air of Searswood did not agree with Sir Peter e Dangerfleld, and never would. "Lady Cecil, is Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black?" Lady Cecil glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, r and saw the pinched, yellow face of It little Sir Peter. Now, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness 11 of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she n pitied Sir Peter greatly. s "My dear Sir Peter, how you startle me ! I was thousands of miles away, d I believe, when you spoke. What did you say? Miss Herncastle-what?" "I asked you if Miss Iterncastle had s long, light-brown hair?" . i A curious question, surely. Lady Cecil's soft, fawn-colored eyes opened a little as she replied. d "Fuor its length I cannot answer. Whoi at ons tell who has long or short hair in "t Black!" He gave a great gasp of relief. "You are sure, Lady Cecil?" "Certain, Sir Peter. And her eye brows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness." "And her eyes, Lady Cecil-are they grey?" "Still. harping on my daughter!" laughed La Reine Blanche. "Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey-very dark -very large-very fine. Toll ap pear to take a most extraordinary in trer'e in Ginevra's new goversiess, cer tainly. Resembles. doubtless, some one t you have known?" " "Resembles! that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil," in -a voice of deep, suppressed Intensity-" it Is the same face, the same-the same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things, but the satme. The face of Katherine Dangerfield!" The name had not passed his lips for years. Ills eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an inten I sity she had never-heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too. I "Katherlne Dangerfield! Yes, I have 1 heard her story. It was in the papers years ago, and Ginevrra told me of her at 4-i stauot-hersmarriage,. -Avery sad story-a very sad fate. She lost call fortune, name, father, and her affianced husband-on her wedding day,. and' a week after she died. -It is the saddest a story I think I ever heard. What a das tard, what a cowardly dastard, that man must have been. What became of him. Sir Peter?"' "I don't know-I have never asked-I never cared. I was not to blame-no one hIas a right to blame me-I only took whalt was lawfully my own.: She had no shadow of right to .Scarswood! How could I tell site would die? Other women lose their fathers ,their husbands. their fortunes, and live ot. IHow did I know it would kill her? I say again!" his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry, "no one has a right to blame me!" "And no one does blame you, Sir Peter. VWhy should they? Of course you could not foretell she would die. And Gine vra's governess- really resembles this poer dead young lady so strongly?" "It is horribleJ tell you, horrible! I thought I saw a ghost when she rose be fore me three hours ago. Lady Cecil, do you believe in ghosts?" iHe asked the question abruptly, and withl perfect gravity. Lady Cecil' laug?hed. "Believe in ghostsi My deao Sir Peter, who does believe in ghosts in the nineteenth century? Sjrely, Sir Peter. you drn't'believo in anythling. so0.ab "You, laughed '-Lady CeeJlh' sh?& tild hoarsely' '.".5? e. vrnulgar's rsii?ilo is' ghosaiInlshrp ul ever catme to my liedL' side, but there are other walys of being haunted. There are drenmis-horrible, awful dreams, .that .come snight after night, the samethlngi ver altd over, and fromlwhich you start up 'lthl the-cold sweat onyour broilw and the damp of death in your hair--visions that come to you In your sleep from tile infernal re glons, I believe, more ghastly thani any waking vision. Over and abr, and over the same-what do you call tihat, Lady "Hot suppers, Sir Peter, and heavy dinners. Any~skilful physician witl ex orelse your dreaming apparltions." "And a .lew miles from here there aT' s', aS a'IiJg--to pass aftel' nightfall. A house fit which a siurder once was done,- where unearthly sights are seen at unearthly hours, and unearthly sotiuds heard. TWhat do you say to thlt?" S"Thiat It;s a very common story, In deed.' "Why, at Olive Court, palia's p!nace in Hants, people say there Is a ghost. Bitt wh)at about this P.rakeni lIolloig?" "An.old woman lives there. A witch, people nay. Sihe was Kathliriie Dang.'r- I fleIl's nurse-old Hannah." i "Then I shall payyold Hannah a visit and investigate." "And Lady Cecil walked a~ray, leaving Sir - Peter gloomily by -the window alone. . His thoughts were still with Kathe rine Dangerfield, as they nearly always were.' What a life, indeed, was his! for evening after evening,, rain or shine, summer or winter, through sleet or storm, a "spirit in his feet" led him, 'whether or no to Katherine Danger field's grave. He had no wish to go, but he went-he could not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seemed to him now if he did not pay that twi light visit she would assuredly visit him before morning dawned.. He made his piagrlmage ,s o' thll recca:"an'- the *people of the town had grown tired of talking and wondering over it. "He took everything from her when she was alive." they said, "and now that she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I won der lhe isn't afraid she'll rise up and confront him." Perhaps lie was - it had been the mania of his l!fe. Surely Katherine had kept her vow. He was. if there ever were in the world, a "haunted man" sane enough on all other, things --on this, much thinking had made him mad. He retired early that nlight - he was less alone shut up by himself thlan in the drawinfi-room with his wife and her relatives. All night long candies burned In his bedroom, and one of the men ser vants slept In an open closet adjoining. Never without light, and never alone. He had grown sleepless too, and it was geinerally, the small houralefore sliumber camd to him. He arose late next day, breakfasted by himself, and did not join the family until luncheon time. Miss Herncastle was not at that meal, greatly to his relief. It seemed she was to take all hers with tihe chil dren in the nursery. He had his wife's hauteur and intolerance to thank for something at least. He returned to his study, spent three hours Impaling iris beetles and cock chafers, then arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave the house. He took the road to Castleford and walked briskly onwards until lie reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slanting over the downs, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upoen the graves. It was all strangely hushed here: the town with its bustle, and life, and noise, lay behind. Death and si lence reigned. lie rarely met anyone at thllis hour: the townspeople were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died- yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now, its brief Inscription "Katherine. tetat 17. Resurgam " He knew it so well--he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here, lie wondered wearily, as long as lie lived ? - He paused. What was -that ?. He was near the grave, and. standing look ing down .upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman! His heart gave one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still. He went on-on-softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew him there. His feet struck a dry: twig; .it snapped: the woman turned and looked round. There, over Kathe rine Dangerfield's grave, looking at him with Katherine Dangerfleld's eyes. stood Miss Herneastle, the governess! (To be Continued.) 