NUTTY AiHMSTHONf'S LUCK FROM "TIHE CONFESSIONS OF AN OLD BURGLAR." Afloat-the convict hulk lay lolling on the shimmering waters of cerulean hue. Ashore-the convicts sweltered in savage gangs ,under the blistering tropic sun. They looked like ghosts in tne long white slops which covered them from top to toe. Crack of pick, clank of shovel, creak of chain, mingled with the boom Ing of the surf as it thundered down upon the jagged coast. Above all rose the hoarse oaths of warders, who stood at ease, gun in hand, eyeing their des perate bands. Martinets they were who had sailed over many seas, who had marched over many lands, men of iron hearts and iron hands, who ~struck:first and spoke afterwards.. Even the despe rate convicts quaked in their grim pre .sence.: . But even these menr of blood and lron had' soft places in their armoura-ill but Nutty -Armstrong,. a rugged black browed,.stalwart sergeant, ""who had. served the King by land' and sea for many -a year. His nose was bluie with rum. his mouth was ,black 'with' twist, his face was scored with slashes,:,his body was well-niglit covered, with those strange devices with wvhich : wanderers love to be adorned-anchors, mermaids, dolphins, devils. BHe cared for naught,-, not himn-Nutty. Let a mai do his best, if Nutty liked him not he 'ids'marked' for eive. Let him. delve or he"v. let-hiin strain and sweat. let him carry monster stones down to the breakwater, .leth im curse or weep, it nattered not ',"Nutty never let himhnbe. Nowy it wasa cruel blow .iith biitt end of musket,i now a slap with flat face of.sword or scab= bard, now a cuff with doubled knuckles of that hide-like hand, now a.kick with iron-shod boot: Or he changed his. tac tics with his humor, and starved h.is mark; short commons. thimbles full - of water. no grog, no baccy. Or it might be.the dark cell. or the triangle., and the cat-o'-nine-tails. .:Was lie Satan in this hell upon this beautiful islahd, gleaming . like some splendid jewel midst these placid seas? One day, under his -persecutions, died WTillie Ogilvie-a poor fellow -of sweet disposition, whose weak will had got him 'ten yearsc'transportation. :: ,. ;The did Ned Blake.; Black. Jack, Red Ryan, and Louis Napoleon-commonly called Frenchie-voWt vengeance;. Sweet. Willie was their pal: * By day six hundred convicts worked ashore: at nightfall they went aboard tle.hulk, an old three-decker. Down on the orlop deck-that is, in the 'lowest deeps-lived the four conspirators, with some- two hundred others; half on the port side, half on the starboard, two stern rows of iron rail dividing one from the other. ' They were caged like wild beasts. Along the dim, narrow slit of a passage between the two halves ever paced a warder through the hot night-watch and watch-four hours on, eight hours off. Supper,is served; clatter of knives and plates slowly 'ceases;' mess kids are cleaned; tables ,are cleared; hammocks are lowered; the tropic night has fallen; the two hundred turn in: the .sentry paces slowly to and fro; the hood is drawn' over the dim lantern which snings in the dim distance. The stertor ous breathings of weary men, the sudden nightmare cry, the groan of wakeful des pair. commingle with the sullen thunder: of the surf without: Suelh is the interior of the great hullc?s belly at midnight. SEight bells strikes the watch aloft. There is a sound of heavy footsteps. Two dark figures now collogue for, a moment in the narrow passage.. One goes, one remains, and begins his sombre. tramp. *In. the renimotest corner of tle pol t side sleeps Red Ryan,. - . \- His hand moves; and..he gives a gentle tug at Ned Blake's blanket. "It's him!" lie whispers;: and Ned, rises. in- his hamn mock,: and drops, furtively on to the deck. . He wakes Black Jack, and then Louis " Napoleon--otherwise Frenchie. They huddle together for a moment, then fall on their knees, and crawl like cats to the iron gate, heavily padlocked,which binds them safe.: Then they lie at full length and bide their time.scarce breath ing.. Presently the senitry yawnsaand yawns again, and rests in the dim distance. , Then rises Ned Blake. He has a short bar lof iron in his hands-a crow, in fact, which he has brought in from the shore, secreted in his breeches. "Are ye ready?" he whispers. "Aye, aye," comes the hissing answer., Off comes the great padlock, with, but faint remonstrance. A ghostly echo,:though, startles .the sentry out of his doze, and he stalks sul lenly down the narrow way, casting his eyes now to port, now to starboard. '?A rat.' says he.', .And?ior the words are out of his isouth four knives are home--deep. into lungs and heart. "With a horrid sigh he expires. The four men drag the quivering body through the gate. and atlaine with mad passions wreak their will upon it. Nutty Armstrong, the bully, is quar tered, and the quarters are heaved into the mess kids. Through the bais of the cage peer a hundred spoctral faces ; port and star board-they iare wide awake, and curse. and sing their dreadful choruses: "Down with the tyrant! Down with him!" The great hitulk is now 'awake from stem to stern: lanterns flit hither and thither. like evil birds of the night, on top deck, amidships, at last down in the depths. They ar- illuminated, and in tile very centrc of the halo is the face of-Nutty ?Armstronig. Then did Ned Blake, Black Jack. Red Ryan, and Louis Napoleon-otherwise tLittle IFrenchbie-utter one great cry to gether. "'Hands up!" roars Nutty. "Hlands up!" And clalpped the four cow-clring mur derers into chains ere they compre hended the situation. They had killed the wronig man! Nuttiy's giood genius had befriended:il him, indeed. He had chanfged watches with the dead an,. and bheei ashore to a jollification. Short shrift got the four. And in the faint dawnn they were triced ip to ithe yard-arm. "I can see 'ens dangplin' no." says Archic.-"Wr- stminster Budget." If You Want to be Loved Don't find fault. Don't believe all the evil you hear. Don't jeer at everybody's religious be liefs. Don't be rude to your inferiors in so cial position. Don't underrate anything because you don't possess it. Don't go untidy on the plea that every body knows you. Don't contradict people, even if you are sure you are right. Don't conclude that you have never had any opportunities In life. Don't believe that every one else in the world, is happier than you. Don't be inquisitive about the affairs of even your most intimate friends. 