REVIEWS OF BOOKS. 'Tub Calling op St. Matthew.'— This isthe title of tho first of a projected series of booklets. ' Leaves fro* tho Life of Jesus,' in verse. 1 1 has reached us from Mr. A. IJickur :on, Professor of Chemistry and Physics at Canterbury College, Ciiristcbureh, who iu- 1 forms us that tho writers 'v/ill be glad to devote th'.-ir immediato etTorts to a KCentitis ' elucidation of tho ethics of Christ, if this— tho ' initial section of the work— should ovoke an j appreciative response. The poem is evidently : the re.-uk of ui^ueh painful eiiort. The style , is souivwliat stilted, aud tho language is ' a litrlc unmusical. To start with, ' for tho simple Biblical statement ; tbat Mattbctv, when called by Christ, was 'sittiug at tho receipt of custom,' we read— Ku-ronc?d at the receipt of ilucs (i-:m. like a s|-i-ler, Ch.rut keheM Tin.- tis-colleclitij; pui.'ican. Tax-pat i.erera arc apparently as unpopular in New Zealand oh they w«tc in auciuut .Fudea — though with Ici3 excute, because tho unfortu nate children -f Abraham paid their t.nxe.- to a foreign desj.it— or why should we la; told of Matthew's 'ignoble glance and grcudy clut-'li,'' am! why should be l»j made to confer to beinfr ' Thu devotee of gold and s?!f??- lu his Gospel Mntthew makes no such admission, andnoiiuof his fallou'-ovanpelists 'gave him away' in tha least degree. If ho had ije-.'ii thu abandoned, raise t ly clown reprcssmted here it i» liard to picture him giving a ' great feast,' and attracting to his house, so largo a company. Why should Matthew's former life Ite so vili:ie.l, Realise a lot of lying Pharisees hated ' publicans,*' and why should Peter lie the 'Iarue, genial Simon**' What the 'large' alludes to in hnrd to &ay.; Choice nrai the board and plentiful, An^l Matthew served -so zealously. llnager ami hatred, cheating, scorn Were a 1 forgot in merriment. The prominence given to Christ's freedom from asceticism and to tho pleasure Ho bad in seeing people innocently happy is the Ixjst feature of the story ; but the ' caliiug of Matthew' Iior probably been more accurately and beautifully told in many au address from the pulpit. 'Miss Bodbt.' by Ethel S. Turnsr(. Mrs. H. It. Curie wis): Ward, Lock. A (A-., London and Melbourne, from K. S. Wic;,- .i:sd Sou.— Tl«is attractive volume is dedicated to Mr. William Stccle. of tho publisher's firm, as 'a token of indebtedness for kindlv advica and practical assistance.' It is an eiaL\\-»tion of a story which was published in serial forai in a Sydney ucw»paper five or sis years :i^o, hut it is not one by which a groat literary reputntion could be established or maintained. There is. however, a lot of creditable pen work in the book, and the illustrations by Hr.rold Copping enhance its general value! Ethel lurner. though not at her Lest, still appears here as the faithful pen-paiutcr of the nurwry. Her representations of the moo-ls and tricks of the youug folk are not more droll than truly natural, aud many of thu epis:x)es recorded are. indeed, ''pretty,' as dear old l'opy* would say. Take, for instance, r.n adveuturu of ' Bobby'' — the pot nanifjof tholittlo heroine— wheu she nm.s off from her ho:nu under tho impresiioa that shn is 'Caia.' because of her playmate havin? .swooni'il af tar a slight fall tollowing a push from her. L.iok again at the fanciful picture conjured up by her mortifying introspection m jser room as sbe smart* under iho iniprossion that sho has behaved in an unseemly manner. By-and-by tears come, and sho solaces herself with tho thought that sho must be penitent becauso sho had never cried before except when ulio had boon hurt. This is a x-ery effective sly dig at the dispriiMod exaltation of people who are iu the habit of wearing moral hairahirts, and plum ing tbeaieelves on the consequent inconve nien-jo which they endure. Later Miw-. 'Bobby.' after 'an explosion of temper, seizvs a pair of scissors and cuts oil her red hair 011 account of the idea that hirsute adornment of a raddy huo contained tlio ele ment! of ill-nature, and that no red-haired person could be amiable unless he or she indulged constantly in a convict crop. A bit rtt writing tine in it« simplicity is that depicting tho cou3tcrnation of four little Vvothers when ono other little brother falls into a faint in tbe ab~enco of any mature person sufficiently experienced tu revive the tiny sufferer. _ Tho quartet were burning with zeal to help him, but their dMcrcrioii was uot of tlio most exemplary kind. Finding that his head had bean v.ounded by the fall, 0:10 rotnantic brother clapped a mustard plaster on it, bac;ui5e wh«n the tiger-hunter he had read of in a 'penny shocker '' fell down a precipice thsy put a mustard plaster on him. This novel treatment certainly had the effect of Arousing the patient, osp!-cially when uuttard wan likewise applied to bis lacerated i!a::d. Mfjst of the pictures of 3chool-]ifc arc in Ethel Turner's best styie. Ono weo sc!».i!r.r in his wrath put* out his tongue at hi* tcu-her. and bit'orc darting from the school ealls tho master ' a he:ist' because ho had beaten him. When his toaipor calm?, however, he suffers ajomVs of remorse and terrible foroixviings rrgardiii' what tho morrow may bring fouh in the »h:iu' of r.irap and caaa. and lecture. Consoijuentfy. acting on thesa^cadvieaof Miss ' liobbv.' lit decides to send an apology. He paraphrases an Advertisement of the apologetic typ- which appeared in a newspaper close athand, and this is what ha turns ou: :— ''I. Frederick St. John Wallace, pupil of tho Modern Grammar School, do hcrebv aiKriogisft to Mr. Spencer, Head Master of the Modern Grammar School, for thu libellous statcmeut I mado about him to-day, there being 110 foundation for the same. Sicrned 1\ St. J. Wallace. P.S.— I'm sorry* I said 'b3.-\«ir.' Don't go r.nd caoe me, will you* lloiv'd you l:ke to be hit if you was as'litel as me? I'm only niuc, and I won't say it river a',-aiii. You don't know how it hurts vou.'' Sp.-cifQ^ns of this eminently rs(*ho-.-lboyii-h comtio-Mti'jn aNocome to the world through the s.ii:ie school wiieti at an examination this little cs«iy on natural history was put in :— 'Flyinr-fi-.il aroan g-jod a»cabcis, you can only catch thsm with ceiling-wax batu'and the led onvcki|jm are under their wiii^a. .Telly l:sh nro not k'llics. You drv them 1:1 flu. -?!,. and cut t'.icni into peaces calleil jcllytcen, and make projier jellies of them with **ii!»ar aud things. Sca-sirpints are tbe cause of storms by fighting whales with their tales.' ' ArsTUAUAS Faiuy Talk.-*,' by A tha Westbury, illustrated by A. J. Johnson; Ward. Look, & Co.. London and Melbourne. —Mr. Wcwtbury. who did a good deal of literary work while a resident of Adelaide years &go.; Iim boon somewhat over-amtiitiuus in Attempting an enterprise which natura'lv causes him to be judged by tho standard of old-world^ writers enjoying' univorsa] repute. A man of common- suinc may write fur men and women, but a genius must writo for chil dren—at any rato. in the department of literature to which Mr. Westbury uow direct* his attention. There i« very little which is distinctly Australian iu tliese little fairy t.-vlw, and tlio writer has an unfortunate li.Vnit of making his geese talk like swans and of himself indulging iu a .'irain somewhat too stilted for children. Fancy, for instance, th« ctfrct of reading to a juvenile circle a para graph which iHjjius by saying that— 'The inhaiiitxnts of Twilight havo moru facile means of tran«i!i-jn thau the sous of iiicn.': # ' Facile means of transition1' in diitinctly cntcrtuit:ing, but even Dr. Johnson wa% pon dcrou?, though cortain'y he did not trv to writ'.- fairy tabs for children, lu spite, how over, of its apparent demerits judged on cntK-.il literary lines, this ix-ok of stories should be interesting enough to the little folk, for lro:n preface to iini« a kaleidoscopic pro co-sion of ghost i and goblins acd other thine* t'uat arc attractive and 'shuldery'' passes bct'ore the mental vision of the wsdw. 'Thi. Storv ok Alstkalia.' by Flora L. Shaw ; 11-ir.xov: Marshall ii Son. London. — T::i- i* a slight little volume— indcoil. oulv an niihro'-'. p*aiphlot— by tho co!-j;iiul Editor— or -hotild one nay rSdicnMi — of the 't'iw $, and is t!:o iatvst \york }:ubli&hed; in connection with the 'StorieH of tho Empire'' series. A:- a .tu^Tircstivc and sketchy outljno of Austra lian history it will bo usoiul to tbu casual reader. 'Tub L.vny's Walk.' by Mrs. Olipliant: Methvier.*s C-iioni.il Library.— The title asid the to:ur of this story savour somcwLat of tho weiiu and wonderful with which the romancists were wont to regale our grandmothers. There in t'ue inevitable ghost haunting the ancestral hall, but tha authoress has built her phantom visitant somtiwhat on the lines of the T!ieo.o phist'b astral body with a kind of distant cou-iiiK-hip to a banshee. The Campbell* un- an o'.J Scotch family livinp at Klloi-:aore. and an extremely attractive lot of i-- t*n;;lo Mrs. OhpLant hat made them. Tho lady's walk is a picturesque part of the plantation, along which aro to be constantly ii'.ird tho li^bt footstops of an invisiblu woman— tho ghostly guardian angel of tho Campbells from timo immemorial. Only when troublu is impending do thr.se phantom iuotf:-.!!.« cease. Hon- a great sorrov/ fell upon the i-eople ; bow the heroine Charlotto aud her brothers lxjar their burdeu: aud h--w the clouds roll by eventually — M are duly net forth in a story full of human interest. ' The Ship's Doctor.' in the tame volume, is a pathetic, simple sort of narrative of the raair.v r.iue type, aud pleasant to read in an idle hour. ' Bladys of tiie Stswj-on- et.' by S. Baring Gould: Mcthusn's Colonial Library.— When Mr. Bariug Gould dives, into tho romance of history in search of a subject he invariably emerges with both hands full of treasure trove, al'oeit he rarely plunges to a great deptli. lie has found excelloat material for ;t semi-historical story through investigating the fculdcrrxuean vaultb of a place in Shrop shire, called in picturesque Spanish 'Esta- pona.' but done into English, with charac teristic insiilar contempt for foreign terms, as ''S;?;.v}K-:-ey.': He im worked upinto a romance cortain incidents of the eighteenth century, in viiica Biadys— a fair and m»b*eeaeeuted maid — highwaymen, roystering blades, an anchorite knowu as 'Holy Austin.and other equally interesting individuals figure freely in stirring events typical of the times when tho law* were cruelly conceived and carelessly executed and lightly regarded. One ot the moat dramatic episodes in tho book is the burnintr to death of a wretched young woman of uigh portion for poisoning her husband. It scrius incredible to us in this nineteenth cen tury that even so late as 17:H) women were publicly committed alive to the flames for what was called 'petty treason,' but there aro numerous authentic instances of such holo causts iu Christi-u England in tho latter part -»f :hu last centurv. Beyond this, of which the author ha- made a stronj? point, Uiero is nothing gruesonitt in 'Bladys of the Stew poney. '? The character of tbe girl herself— tho daughter of an innkeeper, who, according to a brutr.l custom, has offered her as a prize tothcw:uner in a champion match at_ bowls, the money contributed by the competitors to form her dowry— is admirably drawn. So, indeed, arc the other principals in this drama of real life, which is presented with marked abilitv by a man who has evidently thoroughly studied the times of -which lie write*. The feilow who wins Bladys and marries bur turns out to be tho public hangman, and tho fe'irl has from the outlet refu.-cd to regard herself as hid wife. The contest l*»ween the- two and liladys's iriumpb form an extremely interesting narrative. One of the strongest chapters in tho i-ook is that which describes tho execution of tha murderess. Ulaciyaattonds lier to the stake, aal. moved by i womanly pity, k luxes tho unhappy victim on the clicek, thus rousing the previously c.tlious auli to a furlins of the awful horror of the whole thing. That pitiful ki*s given on the pyre — ;j:venin overwhelming human lovo to the poor broktfU victim — let loose tiie Christian coin pas 'ion which iip.d liecn iu a docth- trance fr-r uior-- than seventeeu year;:. Then; was a riot. Tin* |-eoplc felt thr.t this execution, with its publicity and its baroarity, was a worse- crime than that com mitted by the womati under sentence. In the very next session of Parliament this method of Jxuuiition w:is abi-li»bed. and the crime- of j-etty treason was struck out of thu Statute book. ' A Woman or Fonrr,' by Esrai Sruart ; Mcthuen's Colonial Library. — The lady in the tttic-rolo of this novel i3 a character almost Marie Corcllian, if one may t-ay so. Sho is the perfection of womanhood, both physically aud intellectually. Helen of Troy aud Cleo patra were about forty when they did so much mischief with men, and this Majiialen Cuth licrt, .illicit less unprincipled, manages to makn her life- history anything imt colourless. The motive of the boc.k U to tell a love story full of fashion's lights and shades, and the ladies will doubtless extend to it their ap proval. It is 110c exactly a man's book, but many a wale creature will road it and like it. 'Tiik Darmsutox Dekihiox.' by Arthur Mcrrison: Ward, Lock, & Co., Limited, Ijondon and Melbourne. Mr. Morrison lias Already made a namo as the author of the Martin Hewitt scries, and in this latest c-jHection of his detective yarns he fairly sustains his reputation. Somo of tho stories have been previously printed in tho Windsor M-i.isi:in*. but their rcpublicatiou in a handy form will lx» appieeiatcd by tho largo pro portion of th': read i up public who lovo to experionc? a little agitation of their nerves. Two good features in Mr. Morrison's writing aro the foots that his situations are not o?er straiucd and that his work is never unwhole some. 'Princess Sabai!,' by John Strange Winter; Ward, Lock, k. Co., London and Melbourne, through E. S. Wipg & Son— Tho heroine of this pleasant little story is a juvenile musical genius, but not a prodigy — thauk goodness — for of all unfortunate victims to an undue* ru*h of brains to thu bead tho child professional is tlio unhapni.--t and must tiresome. The Mnall maideu is the daughter of a cultured gontleman Milferiuc from deple tion of hix treasury, and be brin^n her uo uncontarninated by her burrf.uudiu^^, thouirfi they live in a s(|ualid ncigh'joiirhood. Tiio maid is a srvoet. cyntly littlo riiiiitr. ''lit naturally old-:a-;hioncd in her ways by rca-son of her siM-!u^ion ; but on her fat her dying an aunt on the mother's side — the father had 'married beneath liim''— takes her in hand amongst her own undisciplined brood, and Sarah xt.-ts much good and little ill by her cx p-.-ricn-es 111 this kind h'lt vulpur* family. Through thn good otticc.-- of a friendly musician she becoaics a famous violinist. Her father had given her a good grounding with a price less Amati. and she possessed genius;. Tito reader will feel an nmused interest in tha cockneyisin ot thu Stubbses— Sarah's aunr, uncle, nud cousins — a family bejouginc to what ono «! our l--cal luminaries styles the ?? wealthy lower order-.'1 The- authon-ss has, |-erin;:s, r:»th«?r overdrawn tho spe«;ch and :ni'rh-rii .« of the family, but that is a fault into which many cultured writers fall when at tempting ro depict tl:i: talk and habits of thought ??f thuKf who ar.- not in their owe sphere. .S-irah Gray, however, is a naturni I'uou^li littk' trirl, although »he is a female l'.i^'auini. Thrro nre in the sainu volume several other attroetiw .stories-, of which ' Out Ada Eliza'jcth,' 'Mignon,' and 'Boy's Love' are full jf pathos and human nature. ' Bi'-stiiiiRAMK.' by Guy Bootbby: Ward, Lock, iV Co., Ix-ndon and Melbourne, through E. S. Wigg & Son. A prescutablo book of short btories, somo _ dramatic, aud all in teresting, and showing more literary finish than is displayed in .some others of thu author's works. Thu na-nes in nearly all cases are dis tinctively Australian, whence perhaps tho rather mystifying title of thu lx-ok. It is a capital volume for desultory reading on a holiday. _^___^_^____ 