A-OHABITY FESTIVAL. A charity festival in aid of the Dorcas Society, Mothers' Meeting, City Mission, and Nursing Sister Association was opened in the Pirie-street Wesleyan lecture-hall on Wednes day afternoon by Lady Colton. The several societies interested m the proceeds have been connected with the church for some years, and by their helpfulness they have won the sym pathy not only of the members of the congre gation but also of a large circle of citizens out side the Wesleyan communion. Every pre paration had been made for the success of the festival, and the result was an exceptionally fine collection of articles, mostly the work of the ladies interested in the charities, arranged on a series of stalls, which vied with each other in friendly rivalry. The hall looked charming with its variegation of hues and artiBtic adornment. The Pastor (Rev. R S. Casely) introduced Lady Colton, and spoke in enthusiastic terms of the good work done by the bodies re presented. Lady _ Colton referred with much appreciation to the work of the several .charities represented, and declared the fair open, wishing it every success. On the motion of Mr. J. Hill, seconded by the Rev. G. E. Wheatley, Lady Colton was heartily thanked, and a handsome bouquet was presented .her by Miss M. Hill. The stalls comprised _plain and fancy needlework, flowers and fruit, produce, sweets, toys, refreshments;, strawberries and cream, and Christmas tree. In addition to the ordinary side shows was "The Ghost Haunt," which by its very grue someness attracted a large share of patronage, Miss P. Priest and Miss Sack- contributed songs.' In thp evening Mr. Harry Lyons gave a ventriloquial entertainment. The stalls were presided over thusPancy stall—Lady Colton, Mesdames Madge, Colwell, Wheatley, Rickards, and Machin, and Miss Colton. Plain needlework stall—Mesdames Casely, Wilson, layers, Thompson, Maley, Long, and Leak. Pruit and flowers—Mesdames Bonython, Hill, and Lathlean. Provision stall—Mesdames Chinner, Cotton, Langsford, Eurgess, Iiounse vell, and Runge. Sweet stall—Misses Coombe, Lillian Davis, Hill, and Edith Bonython. Refreshment stall — Mesdames Davidson, Craven, Drew, Berry,_ and May field, and Misses Gully, Davidson, Aitken, and Drew. The festival was well attended and satisfactory business was done in the wares offered for sale. The fair mil be continued to-day. An excellent programme has been provided for the evening. Constable J. C. H. Williams reported to the City Watehhouse on Wednesday night that at 11.45 Frederick Stewart informed him that there had been a fire down Flecker's-lane. The constable proceeded to the place and found that a buggy was on fire in the coachhouse belonging to Mr. Flecker, of the_ South Aus tralian Hotel, North-terrace. With the assist ance of others he pulled the vehicle out, as the building was iu danger. The watchman at the theatre put the fire ho30 on and ex tinguished the flames. Very little damage Wjtsdone. 