THE REALITY OF GHOSTS. "We live iu an age wliich has seen and is now seeing a progress in science un paralleled in human history. Kvory branch of knowledge has been opened anil has had new light thrown upon it, and, as the result, we find that many of our older beliefs have had to give way altogether to newer and more rational views, while others have been greatly developed on a surer foundation. The belief in ghosts, originating in times of superstition, and involving certain as sumptions with regard to nature and the human senses, can also be examined in the light of our later Knowledge, and it may have to stand or fall by the result. Instead, therefore, of considering the character of witnesses, the confirmation of circumstantial evidence, and the like, Jtt us examine what the statement that a ghost has been seen or manifested can really mean in view of the scientific knowledge of the present day. Let us rather analyse the process of such a manifestation, and the ghostly nature, than question the veracity of the perci | pient or his sanity. Modem science will | first prove to us that ghosts-other than ..phantoms and hallucinations of the mind I -only become manifest to human j beings byappearingiu some materia! form. 1 It is certain that nothing can be actually j seen or heard except through the ' medium of the senses, and it would seem . to be established that the senses can ( only respond to outside, or objective, in fluences in; the form of energy actin** through matter. Ghosts or spirits, there fore, if they appear to human beings, must for this purpose assume souie material form. .In order, to be .seen thev must, when "analysed, 'exist in that form of matter and energy which acts upon the .retina .of: the eye, aud in order to be heard tbey.must produce those vibrations of matter which cause the phenomena of sound. Oii the other hand, the experiences of those who have seen ghosts would indicate that their jiiHlerial form is by no means substantial.; Thev appear within closed doora without sound or warning, and vanish like the morning mists. Sometimes (hey affect one of the senses only ; at others they "are seen, heard, and felt, like . ordinary human beings. Ter, in , whatever wav thev are manifested, they muststill appear in some material form, and it might be concluded that spiritual beings are able at certain times to give life, as it were, to some form .of matter., When the ghost or spirit has accomplished its manifestation, it departs to its spiritual home, and the matter which it had touched into life and energy remains sis before, nnuoticeable by the ordinary human sensi'-s. Another explanation of such appearances may, however, be suggested. The spiritual manifestation may not depend upon the will of the spirit, upon its power, to materialise itself/but nil her upon the state of the percipient's miud, aud the abnormal development of his senses at the particular time. Spirit ' aud matter are usually opposite terms, but we may nevertheless conceive the so-called spiritual world as in reality a material one analogous to our own. . Eecent science has shown that there is probably a world of energy and matter hidden from our ordinary senses, of which we- can only conjecture from the suggestions ob'ained when the photographic plate records more than .the human eye is ever capable of seeing, or themagnctioneedleresponds to' an influence quite unfelt by our dull senses.- Jfow it may be that it is iu su-jh I a hidden world that ghosts have- tbeir j existences-spirits finding; a dwelling I place in forms as muchmaterial as those ! of ordinary human :.heing^, . but" of' an essentially different, and porh:ips"^more ethereal. ; character." Into their hidden world of peculiar and unknown energy mankind cannot usually enter; but at critical times In a man's life, correspond- j ing to the fitful and occasional appear- j anees of ghosts, his senses mav^be :tb» j normally developed, so that-as"with the j photographic camera--he. sees . more . -than his eye is ordinarily capablc of see - . ing, and may become conscious by sight, ,| or hearing, or touch, of that hidden : world in which ghosts live, and, niovc, j and have their being.- This view, would explain much that, on any other grouud, 1 is antagonistic to belief in ghosts of-any ' kind. Sucfc difficulties as the"perception ; of the apparition by only one person, or . the appearance wlien the percipient is iu i an unusual state . of mnid or health, j would be removed, and it must be ad- i mitted that the uncertain and -fitful j character of the visitation?, and the failure to occur under any test conditions, | would be quite iu keeping with such an j hypothesis. -It must not be forgotten, ! however, that an abnormal state of mind j might be the ca.usc of the apparent mani festations. Iu the ihiicb talked of appear ances known as death wraiths there would also appear to bean abnormal develop ment of some of . the faculties. The ap parition of a person who is dying in a distant land is seen by a very syuipatliatic friend, who is thereby impressed with a sense of his.friend's danger or loss. In such cases -there must bean influence which sets distanceat defiance, and which acts In a lnaunerforwhich thephenomena of, electricity afford the only analogy. Between minds in deepesl mutual sym pathy there is much that- would suggest an influence; different from that which the ordinary.senses are capable of convey ing^ but in the appearances of . death" wraiths the influence by; material agency becomes incredible. It may easily bo imagined that the electrical and other changes which are continually taking place in the . brain, acting upon the sur rounding medium, have an influence upon the minds of those! with - whom we are intimately, associated, and- idea3-which all have their physical counterpart in the I brain-may, asiu thought transference, be ! transmitted to those minds attuned, it ' were, to receive them. Similarly,perhaps, in the case of death wraiths, the dyiug ' person, thinking of the friend, and yearning intensely to couimnnicate some last message, may be supposed to exert his influence in a degree for which , ordinary ^circumstances find no occa sion, and may be able, at such a time, to produce in the mind of the friend at a distance a vivid sense of his presence. It is certain, however, that if this is so, ' science must make great progress before itcanbe understood howsueh communica tion takes place. These explanations of ghostly phenomena are offered merely as , suggestions, which might bring the occurrences into conformity with the ascertained laws of science. It is perhaps doubtful whether the ghostly visitors, who are usually sliy with those desirous of becoming well acquainted with theui. will not vanish altogether 1 under the ci itical eye of science, and the belief jn them, born perhaps of the un reisoning state of mind, may not bear any i wholesome theory of their existence. There is, however, too strong and sincere » conviction in favor of such a belief for ; it to be dismissed offhand. In view of the weighty and prevalent opinion which can be cited in favor of the supernatural manifestations, serious inquiry is greatly to be desired, and some theory of the actual occurrences becomes essential. Au endeavor to explain the phenomena J scientifically may help to decide the ] validity of the belief in their existence, or else prevent that unhealthy state of mind which is too often its sole orisrra. .'Humanitarian." 