ST. GABELLE'S INN. "' y Unole Bayle was a man whom cv Mryone loved and welcomed as a visitor. His home was not as ours was, in the little city of 3iirepoix. but in a grand chateau, with crimson roof and shutters, in the environs of Poix. A lawyer by profession and pressed with business, he never let a fortnight pass without com ing to see our mother, and there were many of us to greet him, forn Tcle Bayle was the eldest of 13 childreu, all of them, with one or two exceptions, living with their own or their children's children in the neighborhood of the family home, my sister and myself in the homestead itself, with our infirm but pious and courageous mother. whom, as I told you awhile ago, Uncle Bayle came to see. "Uncle," said Dorothy one evening, the prettiest as well as the bravest of all ourcousins, ''tell us a ghost story, please. We have heard all the others." S "One cold autumn evening," said he, "some 40 years ago, I was returning from Toulouse, where I had been called on business. I was traveling fact and had already passed Auterive, where some friends had urged me to stay the night, but I was in a hurry to reach Saverdun, three leagues farther on, and continued my route. Just in front of the monastery of Boibonne, in the forest of Secourien, one of those furious tempests which spring up in the heart of the mountains without a moment's warning fell uponme. In less than no time it was as black as midnight and the road invisible. There was nothing for it but to turn about and ask for shelter at Bolbonne. In a little while my horse stopped, and I saw that ve were before the door of an inn. I entered. The com pany was numerous and composed of merchants, Spanish students and the sportsmen of the neighborhood, sur prised like myself by the storm. " Truly,' said one of the hunters, 'the weather's devilish-a regular witched eabbat.' "'Pardon me,' crie:d a voice in a dis tant corner, 'witches and goblins hold sabbats on moonlight nights and not in storms." "We all turned to see who had spoken and saw that it was a Spanish mer chant. None of us seemed disposed at first to answer a remark made with such solemn gravity. In fact, we were as si lent as owls until suddenly my neighbor on the right, a young man of frank and Sleasing appearance, burst into a fit of laughter. "'Really,' said he, indicating the mer chant who had spoken last, 'it seems as if the gentleman understood the habit] of goblins. Perhaps they've told yon,' turning to him scornfully, 'how much they dislike to be wet and muddyr' "The Spaniard gave him a terrible look. "'You speak too lightly, young man, said he, "far too lightly of things you know nothing about.' " 'And you would have me believe that ghosts existi' "'Perhaps,' said the other, 'if you are brave enough to look and see. Here's a *purse,' he continued, rising and ap proaching the table, 'containing 3) gold en quadruples. I wager them all that in an hoir's time I call before you the face of any one of your friends, even if he has been dead a dozen years, whom you may name to me. Moreover, when you have recognized him, he shall ap proach, embrace and salute you with a kiss. Do you agree? And as he asked the question the manner of the man was so impressive and stern that we Invol untarily trembled. My neighbor only remained unmoved. "'And you can do all that? he cried. "'Yes,' answered the Spaniard, 'and willingly part with my 31' quadruples beside, if I do not, provided you will lose a similar amount if I hold tomy promise and force you to believe.' The offer was at once accepted. "To guard against trickery and decep tion, we decided to use a little pavilion situated in the outer garden, perfectly Isolated and bare of everything but a chair and a table. After assuring our selves that there were no other issues than a door and a window, the student entered and, we left him to his fate, not, however, without p!acing beside him all the necessary writing materials and ex tinguishing the lights. "When everything was ready and we hadarranged ourselves in a circle around the door, the Spaniard, who had waited in absoln:e silence ic l l all was done, be gan to sing in a low, sweet voice, a verse, as near as I can remember, running thus: With a cracking noise the cofin bursts In the tumb, deep, dark and profound, And the phantoza wht!:e p!laces hl foot On the soil of the cold, damp groundl [ "Then, elevating his voice, he called Ito the stsuent shut up within the pavil 'ion: "'You have told me,' said he, 'that you des-ire to have a visit from the spirit of ur friern, Francis Vialat, drown~el bree years aso while crossing the ferry of Pensagnoles. Now, what do you "'I see nothing,' replied the studlent; 'but etay! a white light lbegins tj lift itself younder iby the window, formless, shifting andi likte a floating cloud' "After a moment's -silence the Span-i lard begins t uing again,hi. voicedeeper. and gloomier than before: ?"A?nd the pihan:om white, whomthe ruaslag raia, IIed faded toatint so fair, Wip?ed with hILs chroud ~id ~s ,skeleton hea The ndops frnt his face and hair." The" Evenmug News," Sydney. rys m regard to the application of Kiucalyptus in influenza · " We harve to exerciuccaution to get an articsl free; of its aetringent constituents ,r else it w U1 prevent the excretion of thile dise: se producina gems. A prepsartion known as Sander and Sc&e; EucDlypti Extuct was faund to be the only r::nedune. "n,1 uroe-d to be oosseswed of the . -.*: g rCxs -. ,ri g u,-al:tes ' Dr. S. P Pres:cn, Lerchburg Va., writes: -"I have been very much pleased with Sander and eons Ecalypti Exitracat in the first stage of phthisis, using ;it as an iahalation from a bros chitis-cettlh. I never used any preparation ban Sanders'. as I ha--e found the ethers to be almost useless." Dr. J. f. Cormell, Kansas City Kans., says:- I use Sander ansd onu Eucalypti Extract fre quently as an antiseptic and for neuralgia and has given me great satisfaction. Care has to be extercised not to be supplied with spurious pre parations as done by my supply-druggist,"-In sist geting Sander and Sons Eucalypti Extract, or else you will he supjlied with worthless oils, "'What do you see now,' he cries, Lyou who wish to sound the mysteries of the tomb; wi-at do you see now?' "'Nlothing.' replies thevoiceof thesi u lent, calm a-n1 cool as ever. "'And you ;:r:' nclt afraid?: cries the apaniard, his ,nn-ur more ;cornful and insulting still. 'I am not efreil,' comeea l-:-et the :lear, brave voice ,f tht priner wit lhin, while we, at'u:,ling ,n :t. outs:ide wnl in sight of the illnfrn.d t:,rcu2rer's inc:!ia tions,scarcely dl.r: to look att achl other, to grea:t isour di.:m:ay ad surprisc. "'And the ph::ntout s:id' cries the Dpaniard furiously: And the ,uihnterm -nil, cnmin? ';:t from the tomb, "In order that he nay l.now me in truth, [ will gotom y friend iroui.,amtiinfandtweet. An In the day s of mar irst early p outht" "And again, ce. ing his song, ho puts ibis terrible question: "'What do you so':) now?' "'The ?hantt:n a i:anci,.--lho raises the veil-it is Fra ':is-Francis Viatal he approaches the t:able-hoe writes-ho has written his u: nme' But before he c n say more the Span iard resumes, ihis oice wild and howling: And the phantom said to this mockiang man. "Come thou at once and glve to the Thy Land to my hant. thy tlart to my heart. And thy lips where I can ki-, thee:" " 'Are youafra,,l now? Are youtafrail now"' he repeats, alnust with frenzy. A shuddering cry, dying away in a moan, is the student's only answer. "'I warned him,' said the Spaniard harshly; 'I warned him howit would he. You see, messieurs,' turning to address us, 'that I have gbined the wager. But let him keep the money. I am content with the lesson given him. He will be wiser in future." And with a grave in clination he walked away, leaving us thunderstruck at the door of the pavilion, behind which the sound of moans still continued. "At last we opened it to find the sta dent writhing upon the floor, a paper signed with the name of Francis Viatal on the table beside him. It was at least an hour before he had recovered sufi clently to be about again. Then, furious with rage at the treatment he had ro ceived from the sorcerer, heoinsisted upon having him brought before him. "But the merchant was not to be found, either in or out of the inn. "'But I will find him,' cried the stu dent, 'and I will kill him on the spot for the imlpi us performanceiu which he hlas made me assist." "And soon after, learning from the stable boy that the merchant had sad diled his horse himself and departed some time ago, he followed him, still swearing instant vengeance. "We never saw him-in fact, Awe never saw either of them again." "And yet, Uncle Bayle," said Dor othybreathlessly, "'you can say there are no such things as ghosts or goblins" "Mfore positively than ever," he re plied. "Neither the ,Spanish merchant tor the Toulouse student were ever seen again, as I tell you. No more were the 80 beautiful quadruples which I and the other guests of the inn had put together to make up the sum of the Spaniard's wager. The two rascals had carried them off between them, after playing be fore us a comedy which we were simple tons enough to believe, but which I found very dear at the time, when I had considerably less money to spare than at present."-From the French. 