BREVIITIES. Toe rremier ospeato in tile Oddfellowe' laill to night. To-day is the Premier's birthday. IHo is 52. MIessrs. Ashtou and Millcu gave the best federation opseehce of the campaign no far ns Goelburn is concerned. They will poll well here. Speaking in favour of a second Chamber which wovtld be a check on the people's representatives Mr. Aohton said: " I am a mneomber of Plarlameuln myself. I don't think membere of Parliament in the mans are exceedingly trestwortlhy individuals. I don't mean thtit they are corrapt; hat they are only human, and the mcre fact that at the general election before last yoe threw oat 70 Oat of 122 shoes that mmnhers of rarliameent in your opinion nrc not absolutely perfect." 'The fear of a dissolution is o big factor in the life of every member of Parliament, and sometimes he is not so anxious for performing his duty abso lutely in spirit and letter as he would be if there were no dissolution involved. Thin is simply because a member is human and not becanuee e is inherently bad." Thua Mr. Ashton in onpport of his proposal for a oecond Chamber wehich should have a oixed term. PIr. Mitten: "So clearly have the Americans recognised that some revising body isnrecessary that erven in their larger munieipalitirs they have ostab. lished something whirl is tolntamont to a second Chamber. They have established what they call a revising committee and that comeittee is elected by the people just as the aldermen are. and it hbs the power of revising and checking the work of the aldermen until the ratepayers have had an opportu city of expressing their wish regarding it. T'ie second Citamber Ioam advocating is to be clothed nith these powers only." Conton Pritchard's social evening for weritiog men, hold on Tuesday, was a great suircers. Smnokr ing woo indulged is, tied cards and droaghts played. The needs of the intter man were not for gotten, and mttuical items were given. eIr. Ashtou satys that the question of the site of the federal city is otte that has considerable con cern for those who move in tite more fashionablo circles, and who Itave lately been called " the nicest pcople"--tto people who have an ititerest in the periodical entertainments which will be given by the Governor-General; but from tile point of view of the great ttass of the Austratliatn people, whose interest in the federation tituestiott is pttrely a bread and butter one, bie did not think thte bite of the federal city matttered so mutchl as the snap of tl?e fingers. •f. T. J. IBtch was, ats usoal, in evidence on Tuesday evenittg. f-fe tuiesiontted Mr. Ashtolt with regard to the constittliottal aspect of the question of excluding aliens who were sutjeets of tite British Crown, and also apparently wihettd to debate the great colour qtrestion. Mfr. Arhtou gave replies whichl seemed entirely to s~tisiy the autdience. Str. Btcttd alro exchanged a word or two with the MIayor, and at the conclusion of the meeting he harantgtted a portion of the crowd. " I was in gtaol once," said lir. FIaynes on Wed nesday night, referring to hisi action as a pressman in the well-known Clonttarf affair. " Yoeu ought to be there now," said somtte one in the cesowd. " Yes," retorted Jothtn, o as governor over you. Thtat man wouldn't tell you Ite was in good, tied I wouldn't have stid that I saw him there only he interrupted me." " The aldermen of Goltlbirn," said SIr. PIaynes, " are the finest men to be foond in tile country. I say that at every town." " I am delighted to see these lawyers out," said Mr. Haynes, referring to Convention candidates. "They're oll bursting at the waiistcoat tops lihe the breetts of pouter pigeons to serve the people. P never saw nuch an atlarmittg sacrifice Ot tite part of thltargo lawyers in my life." "i What about Crickb" interjected some one. " Crick," was tite reply, it ran ftatl of moe i Par liament, and chatnged his ttddress in a few Itoers fromtt Mtacqtario-street to the Infirmary." Also : " I find theso lawyers es rosy to poll to pieces to an overboiled fowl. P lihe to rat theta; they're easy to carve, they have got so much ftit on them belonging to other peoplo. I don't condemn lawyers simply because they are lawyersn-it aoulld be ridiculous. I have a brother who is a lawyer he is thin only member of our family who went wrong." John ntbsequently explained that hits brother ors a deceot fellow, and was in aPtrliament in South Anustralia. Ho said he hadn't asked him for his advice on federation, because he thought he miorhtchcare him for it. M\Zr. Haynos: Thcoy bad had Mir. MeMilan say. ing that one of the results of federation would be that tho Federal Purliamont would deal with the queslion of the climatic conditions of Australia, meaning that the Federal Parliament would legislato to allow the introduction of ,oloured meInto certain parts of Australia wholesale. That kind of people talked about not being able to employ the poor white ilnu in the torrid zone of Queensland, as he would got his nose burnt or the skin peeled off his ears, and we nust employ tihe blaock man. They talked like that when the interests of the monopolists of Europe were concerned, hut if any fighting wore to be done it was a different tale then and there wan no torrid zone too hot for the white soldier to go to. (Hear, hear). In Australin, where the monopolist sought to have slave labour, they said they were anxious to preserve the poor white man, who would not he able to cut cane without an umbrella. Mr. Haynes: " Sir George Dibbs also formed an army, and when asked what accoutrements he would require as a commander he said the only thing he waonted was a long-dintune teleOscope so that he could keep hi, eye on the enemy." (Laughter). M'r. HliVnen 'H " r. J. 0. Neild alno formed an army, and when he scent to England he had all his clothes, and portmanteaux, and even his boots, branded in large white letters, "Major J. C. Neild." (Laughter). "Did you over see a snake serenading a mouse e" inquired Mr. Unynes. "If you hocve you have seen a lawyer serenading the people for their votue. It is a polite request to comno in out of the wet." " I am not aftrid of a lawyer," was onie of Mr. Haynec's dolcarations, " even at the dead of the night when I'm alone." "Give us something about federation," inter jacuhited "a listener, "Ve kibnn too mich about aiwycrs." "c Well," was John's retort, ccI'm not dealinsg with your friends tlce criminal lawyers." Wi sct about George Reid'9" asked a voice of Hr. Hoynes. cc"Why, George Reid," came thn reply, " is one of the best men who has ever been in Parliament. (Hear, hoar.) The only thing I have against him is isthat Ice is a lawyer, but they say he is not much of a clawvyer and I think that is whan saves him. (Laughter). But I know this--thnt wvehave got more out of George Reid for the masses than any Pretnier that has been ahead of him for the last 20 years and we are not going to give him up for mon like thlso I am referring to." (Cheers). Mr. Ilaynes: " They wanted to frighten us into federatieni witii the Chinese ghost. They said there were 400 milliou Chinese coming down the coast to take poesnsesion of this land. Four hundred million Quong Tarts, with their pigtails standing out like bristles on a pig." Mr. H-taynes: "Armtiesti are things which exist si that rich men can get billets for their sons. If a oou is a radical heis made c soldier. If he is a weak men he is made a clergyman or put into Parliament." (Laughterl. Mr. Iiuyncs: cc Mr. Walker also says that the IFederal Parliamccent would ulter the system of taxn tion amid adopt cc system of custom house luxutien, and got rid of all other taxes-the land tax and tle income tacx, which are girth-gialling all the rich men in the cocutry. I have hoard the poor struggling masses crying in distress, but nosbing has toiohod my heart so much uato hear the eries of the sufforing rich. (Laughter). It came right up from their boot solos." (Latughter.) Mr. Ihloynes e '! Sir Joseph Abhqtt announced in a short aidvertisemont of two inches that he was a candidate, but he wonld not tome to his masters to address them. Ohi, no, hie would not come down to the scum. Are you going to crawl over the mountains on your Incces next Thursday to vote for hita 9 No, not for Joe i" Mr. O'Sullivan, woho is accompanied by M[r. G. T. C. Miller, mtember for Coomac, will epealt front the Star Hotel balcony this afternoon and from the Albion Hotel balcoity this evening. The usual monthly meetiing of the Highland Socioty will be hold to-mnorrow vecning. Mr. W. S. Foxall ccl give a series of readinigs. Mr. HI5Hillau says that if it is determined to tic the federal capital in Now South 'silec Boowual or Moss VYle will be more suitable than Sydncey. He believes the ultituato fiscal policy of thi Federal Government will isv intercolonial froetrcido and proteetion tigainst thie outside world. For the Electric Hcandicap, B mile, at the Sydney Cycling Carnival A. Henvillo has 5t yacrds, W. Gclllinore and 1. Mill 60, and T. Hall i5. The limit is l5 yards. For thi Eialf-milt Sydney Phito W. Ininsela has 75 yards, thie limit being 135 (J. Buck).. At the Central Criminal Court on "Wednesday, tlie case of John Horatio Amora, known as Captin Amora, charged with th6 misappro'ri~[iou of £290, thd'property of his employer, was continge,?. "r.V. Wise addreseed the juiry, and lilt Honor nummed sip. Thie jury foutnld s1 yerdict of guilty. The temperature reached 00"5 on Wednesday ia ill shade at the Sydisoy Observatory- the highest for 1007. The nearest approachc to it was oni the 22n1d of last moouthl, whoi 1)093 was recorded. It is stated by Muajor-Genoral French that the cost of sending 'c coilitary detchlmnent to Eslausm wcosd he £5000 in excess of what is already pro vided for on the estimutes. An immense bush tlire on Wednesday broke out near Dcumgog cand threatened to destroy tice tow'i. Many' buildings, including the hospital, narrowly escaped. At a mnoetinig of members of both Hoicscs of Parliameut ait Perth (W.A.) it wais deeided that In the best interests of the colony the Premier should accept the invitation to visit London. Porta, the Italian cyclist, has issned a oahllestgo to race either Martin or L?esna, 