CATHOLIC NOTES- From South Africa comes intelligence of the recent death of Mr. Thomas Henry Stock, once well known to London Catholics. Mr. Stock, who was formerly connected with St. Vincent's Home, in the Harrow-road, married many years since the Lady Gertrude Douglas, sister of the Rev. Lord Archibald Douglas and the Marquis of Queensbury. After Bome years' residence in London Mr. and Lady Gertrude Stock removed to Maidenhead, where they took a great interest in the affairs of the mission and made many friends. On 12th December took place the lamented death of the Hon. and Bight Bev. Mgr. Gilbert Chetwynd Talbot, Domestic Prelate to his Holiness and Provost of the Westminster Chapter. He was a son of the second Earl Talbot and brother of the Earl of Shrewsbury, who in 1858 succeeded to the title of Shrewsbury on the death of his distant kinsman, the last Catholic Earl. Mgr. Talbot was, while still a young man, converted to the Catholic Church. Each month of the year has been dedicated by Catholic piety in the following manner:—January, the Month of the Holy Childhood. February, the Month of the Passion. March, the Month of Devotion to St. Joseph. April, the Month of the Resurrection. May, the Month of Mary. Jna«^the Month of the Sacred Heart. /July, $ghMonth of the Precious Bloo^'-fAtigtnB^TOfi Month of the Heart of'jMary,^ lh0]spber, the Month of the Silgri^jOrdOctober, the Month of-the Angela,"'«ad of the Bosary. November, ttjS. Mooth&f; Devotion for the Soulsin Pfogatom 3 i December, the Month qj, the^&atf;&CT; of Our Lord. "•'XJ^i On Friday, 11th ^^Stn^er/the Holy Father received in private-audience the Most Bev. Dr. Redwood, Archbishop of Wellington, New Zealand. His Grace, who in his journey ad limina made a trip across the American Continent, expressed himself pleased with the awakening prospects of the Catholic Church in the United States. He finds farther matter for congratulation iir the spread of the Marist Order, of which he is a member, in that country. The Bight Bev. Bishop Eeane, late rector of the Catholic University, Washington, before leaving for Europe waB interviewed, and said:—" I should have greatly preferred to remain at rest and in retirement, but the Holy Father in his wisdom saw fit to oall me to a much higher post of honour and responsibility in the Church. I accepted his decree as a loyal churchman, and Binee he has had the goodness to call me to the Holy See I am on my way there now." Acoording to the United States press, Bishop Keane will be praotically the representative of the American Church in Bome. In the Holy Father's letter the request was made to to become a member of the Propaganda and the Congregation of Saored Studies. The twentieth anniversary of the accession of Leo XIII. to the Chair of Peter is to be specially celebrated in 1898, under the auspices of the Italian $90iety of Catholic Youth, Some time ago, his Holiness Leo XIII., in a letter to the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, expressed a wish for the formation in England of. an organisation to assist Protestant ministers and others returning to the fold of the Catholic Church. It is now announoed that the desire of the Holy Father has been complied with. A Converts' Aid Society has been form'ed with the sanction of the Hierarchy in London, and Mr. Doe, himself a convert clergyman, is engaged collecting alms to be devoted to the purposes of the society. There are forty millions of people in Japan, and as yet only 112,000 Christians, of whom 50,000 are Roman Catholics, '23,000 belong to the Greek Mission, and 89,000 to various Episcopal and Nonconformist missions. Twin brothers are a Cardinal and an Archbishop. They are Cardinal Camillo Mazzella, S.J., and Archbishop Ernesto Mazzella, of Bari. Brothers often are priests and sometimes bishops, but seldom do twins enter the ecclesiastical state and both rise to the high dignities. On 22nd December a meeting of the parish priests of the diocese of Boss, to nominate three names for reference to the Holy See for appointment as bishop in succession to the late Most Bev. Dr. Fitzgerald, was held under the presidency of his Grace the Most Bev. Dr. Croke, Archbishop of Cashel and Metropolitan of the Province. The following names were chosen:—Dignissimus, Very Rev. Dr. Kelly, President Ennis College; Dignior, Bight Bev. Moneignor O'Leary, P.P.; Dignufl, Very Bev. Canon Murphy, Macroom. The young King of Servia, who recently had an audience with Leo XIII., after returning to his kingdom has conferred the following distinguished titles upon prominent personages of the Papal Court:—Baron Huffer, Private Chamberlain of the Pope, to be Grand Official of the Order of Takowo; Commendatore Galli, Director General of the Pontifioal Museums and Galleries, to the corresponding rank in the Order of St. Saba. The memorials to the late Bev. J. E. Beffe, Dean of Studies, Blackrock College, were unveiled recently in the college by his Grace the Most Bev. Dr. Walsh in presence of a large number of clergymen, past students and^ present pupils. One was a bust, subscribed for by the general body of the past students, and the other was a pulpit, the gift of the Memorial Committee to the chapel of their alma mater. His Grace the Aich< bishop, in an eloquent speech, _ paid a glowing tribute to the Intermediate and University successes of Blackrock and to the great share that the energy and zeal of Fr. Beffe had in the attaining of these achievements. During the short existence of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, the deceased clergyman was the president of that institution. Of the Bev. Dr. Conaty, the new recto* of the Catholio University of America, the "Boston Pilot" says:—"Wallgrounded in the knowledge befitting,, a priest and a leader, gifted with a noble presenoe, a ready eloquenoe, fcaot, sympathy, and prudence, he has been ; a successful advocate of every good cansQ whioh .he baa i 