Wesleyan- Conference. Methodist Union Debate. Tho afternoon sossion - of tho Wosloyan Conforonco wus dovotod to tlio discussion of tho matter of 'Motbodist organic union, tho president, Rov. O. Stead, in tho ohalr. Tho Rov. W. Jeffbies road tlio report of tho Methodist Federal Oounoil, wliioli sliowod that according to tho request of tho last Wosloyan Conforonoo— tho Primitive Metho dist Excoutlvo agreeing to tho urrangemont —a plan of union hud boon published and circulated during tho year, togethor with various statistics, and - had also, socurod an expression of opinion with results us follows: Wosloyan (mcmbora und com municants ovor 21 yours of ago) For, 1,767 ; against, 241 ; neutral, 320 ; und in formal, 12. Primitive Mothodist : For, 1,287; nguinst, 276 ; noutral, 178; informal, 8. Quarterly mooting and trustees' vote— Wos loyan : For. 262 ; against, 48 ; noutral, 278. Primitivo MothodiBt: For, 166; nguinst, 60; and nontrol, 24. Tho .report went on to say : " In view of tho overwhelming uflirmativo vote, m'o havo 'no hesitation in rceommoudiiig tlio conferences of 1897 to resolve upon tho consummation of union ; and wo also recom mend that during tho sittings of tho oou- forouees a united friondly meeting bo hold for tho purpose of doleriiilning tho date of union, and if found praotieablo, we favour tho hold ing of tho first unitod conforonco in 1898. Wo also submit tlio following proposals : That for tho next year tho federal council shall continuo to exist, in order thnt it may deal with any proposals for local amalgama tions or adjustments. It may ulso tako tho iuitiativo in promoting amalgamations, and it shall bo instructed to formulate proposals for submission to quarterly moldings, district synods, und conferences. That no amalgama tions shall tako effoot until submitted to tho members nnd congregations, und to tiia quarterly mooting of tho society or circuit concerned. Thut the council shall ho authorised to tako such stops as may be necessary in order to prepare for-obtaiiiing a validating Act, a draft of which shall bo submitted to tho oonforenoo. Thnt for tho your 1897, soparnto district synods or meetings of oaoh ohuroh shall bo held, from which reports shall bo sent on to tho United Con foronco of 1808. Reports of district synods, showing votes in favour of tho proposed union, ware also presented. Rov. H. Younoman then moved in accord ance with notico givon, as follows : "That this conference, being still of the opinion that tho. union of tho Methodist churches in Queensland would bo for tho morn economical and offoctivo nse of their combiuod re sources in promoting tho spread of the Redeemer's kingdom, nnd having regard to tho flints that tho constitutional basis of such union adopted by. tho last Genoral Conforonoo 1ms beon noceptcd by tho churohos conoeruod, nnd that tho office hearers und mem bers of onr own ohurch and tho Primitivo Mothodist Chnreh havo voted by decisive majorities in favour of suoh union being effected on tho gonoral plan embodied in tho yeport of tho fodoral oounoil to tho oonforenoo of 1890, and wliioli was thou adopted, hereby declares its willingness to prooeod to offoet union with tlio Primitivo Mothodist and Unitod Mothodist Froo Oburelics in Queensland, in tho ovout of their agreeing to tho samo by a voto of not loss than a two-third's majority of thoso voting in tholr supremo courts." Speaking in support of tho motion, tho rov. goutleman traced the history of tlio movement for orgunio union. Ho snid tho stop thoy wore now about to toko wus tho most important in tha history of tho church. Thoy had to consider tho subject in all its bearings, and they wore bound to do all in tlioir power, if at nil praatiuublo, to givo offeot to this union. It urns five years ago since it had boon resolved that tho time for union laid nrrivod, and since then tho ques tion had been considered and reaffirmed by tho sovorul conferences in tho difforunt colonies, nnd by tho genera! conforonco. Iu Queensland action hud boon tukon, and ull_ Methodists hud doclurod iu favour of uuiou, though tho Primitivo Mothodists wore prautioally asked to accopt some thing a vory long way from thomsolves. Roviowing tho voting on tho question in QucoiiBlund, ho noted that last your tliero wore returned ' 2,806 church members and communicants. If they niado tin allowuuco off this of ubout 25 por cont, for thoso undor 21 years of ' ago, ns inoligibio to voto, it loft about 2,160 eiigibla to voto on this subject. And out of tlicso 2,029 votes hud boon rooordod, wliioli must bo allowed to bo a vory handsome proportion, showing thut tho ques tion was ono of gouornl interest. Ho might muko similar remarks in regard to tho Primi tive Mothodist body.- Ho pointed out, too, that only ono quarterly mooting had voted against tho union ill Queensland — namely, that of Mount Morgan, whoro ono person votod for and throo against tho union. Thus ho interred that if tho representatives to tho conforonco had bceu dclogated by qaartorly moofingd, thoy would bo bound to havo voteil iu favour of union. Ho contrasted tlio voting of tho churoh ou this question of uiiiun with tho voting in tho community on such questions us wood paving and iodcration, claiming that that of tho church had been exceptional, showing that tho subject uas one of goncrul iutorost. Further, ho noted that thoro had boon no manifastotiou of fooling in tho matter during tho past your, "but still ho maintuinod that there wii9 a growing desire for tho realisation of tho union. Thoro was, hawovor, an aspoot of tho question which ho did not liko to mention. Tliero woro bomb Wosloyims who, on tho consummation of tho union, would go out ; and there wore soma Primi tivo Methodists who would doolino to como ill. IIo regretted this, for, uftor nil, (ho dootrlno and pollov of nil Mothodists woro tho samo. Wus sonio" Methodist going to go out bcoauso another Methodist, perhaps a littlo poorer, oumo m ? Ho prayed thnt God might savo tlioiri from coming to boliovo tlioy had u mission, to ono partloulur alius only. To his mind ono of the most urgent ucods for bringing this union about was thut thoy might havo ono big network of Methodism ovor 'tlio whole land. It was worth con fronting mountains of difficulty to se cure this. Some said tho experiment tlioy proposod ' was too risky to bo untlortokon ; and trim it was, tliero" would bo call for mnoh graoo on tlioir part. Tlioy nocdcd to mtltivato a brotherly fooling. Tlio Primitivo Methodists woro not ooining in to ho dopondout on them ; thoy wore coming in to help them. Ho know thoro would ho difficulties ; but if thoy woro mot with in a kindly and brothorly spirit, thoso would ho got ovor. In Molbourno tho Wosloyan Con foronoo had agreed to unite by a miijority of 3 to 1, und tbo combinod conforonco hud hud n united mooting, und tho published account rend liko a chapter of the Acts of tho Apostles. Tlio Holy Ghost foil npon them. This ho contrasted with what took place in another colony. Ho failed to explain it. To his iniud tho responsibility lay iu not uniting. In concluding, bo asked thorn all to join lmuds, nnd unito iu doing their host to bring the world to tho foot of Jesus Christ, Mr. R. Aland .seconded tho motion. IIo snid ho greatly folt tho iiiiportinioo of tho situation. Referring to his previous attitude in tho mutter, ho said lie wus not uitogothor a radical ; ho wus a littlo bit of a democrat, and ho boliuvod that tho people should bo mure fully tukon into ooulldonoo. Rut having' obtained what ho wanted, he was prepared to full in with tho gonoral opinion. Sumo hail said that financial difficulties would bo incrcasod by tlio union, but there would bo moro pooplo to bear thoso diffionltlos, so that should not deter them. Ho felt that lie durod not go iu tbo faco of tlio dcolsivo voto ou this question. Tho Rov. R. Stewart said as ho understood tho motion it was thut tho confcronuo ugrnod to Mothodist union and that it ho consum mated forthwith. Ho imdorstood also that tho voto Unit day dceidod tho question, no nuittor whut might ho dona aftorwurdH. Tlioy should nmlto no mistuko about thut. Tho nmondiuont ho had in vlow wus a vory simple ono, and it was ono which ho thought ugreod with liio conduct of tho last your und a half in comiootioii with tho movoinout. It was,— " Thut in tlio opinion of this uunforonuo tlio time has not yot arrived -for tlio douislvo voto on Mothodist organio union." IIu had talked to many on this subject, and ho hud found that oven uinongst tlioBO who- hud voted in favour of union thoro was no strong oonviotion ovidonucd, und lia ooithl not but fool that in carrying this voto thoy wore going to bury tlio Wosloyan Mothodist Church. Ho boliovod thoro was a place for the Primitive Mothodist Ohuroh in tlio com-1 — ; — — — ; < munity. Ho questioned whothor tho wavo ot enthusiasm whioli sooured tho majority in favour of uniuu hud not died away somowhat, and said tho voto taken was not a voto takon for Methodist union, but simply for taking tho first stop .to consider tho question. Now, however, thoy woro told that tho non-com mittal stop tlioy wore persuaded to take in, the past was a more sorious mutter, and tlioy woro told that thoy could do no other than tako tho noxt stop, tho consummation of tho union. Further, ho did . not think that; tho figures of tlio voting woro such us should liavo been placed boforo thoro. Thoro' was i» : lcukogo not accounted for in tho returns, dud whioli was not accounted for by tho omission, of thoso undor 21 years of ago. In support of his amendment ho claimed tliuf tho spirit of union was not strong enough and tlio iudiffer- ouoo wus . too munifost. IIo thought, loo, tluit tliero should liavo bean laid before the conferenco u definite scheme of union, so that lliey could havo considered tho inattor fully before taking a voto. After thoy woro tied together the thing would bo douo and no amount of kicking would .sot them froo. Thoy Hhould beware iu timo. Ho . assured tho conference thut ho wus speaking in -ull sincerity whon ho said thut ho did not boliovo tlio hour had struck for tlio consummation of organio Mothodist union, nnd if mon put thoir hands' to that tho hour for wliioli had not struok, nothing but ovil could result. Mr. T. A. Johnson seconded the amend ment. Ho said that ho had found that o, great number of thoso who hud voted for union lmd not boon soizod of tho financial aapcut of tho change.: Many otliors had been led away by tho captivating sound of the word "union." But ull wore not eager for union, and iu thin respect ho noted that thoro wns u greater proportion of votes against union iu tho Primitivo Methodist voto than in tho Wosloyan vote. In his opinion, thoy should havo hud tlio wholo mutter put. before them iu a commercial sonso. There wore, too, diflioiiltios iu tho way of ministers ' suiaries. Ho found that tho avorugo of 39 ministers of tho Primitivo Mothodist Church was £199 bolow tbo avorugo of tlio AVosieyan ministers. Woro thoy . prepared to level up f Tliero must bo no two olussos of ministers iu truo' union. Mr. W. T. Reid supported tlio motion. Mr. W. H. Barnes spolto in opposition to union, Btating thut ho did so liocuuso ho had honest conviotions thut it wus host otherwise. Tbo small nttendunoo in tho ohurch nt that mornont, of not moro than 129 porsnna ut tho outside, including tho representatives, was an indication of tlio sinnll interest that was being taken in tho proposal. This wus tbo oiiho too uftor tho question hud boen boomed up for years. A Roprosontatlvo : Not this mooting. The mooting wus not advertised. Mr. Barnes askod had not tho nhio pon of tho llev. Henry Yimiigmau boon used for years writing in support of this union. Rov. II. Younojian roso to a point of ordor, and askod, " Jb it inordor that I should ho impaled in this way as editor of tlio Wilncssi" During tho lust year ho hud not nsod liis pen directly iu tho interests of Mothodist union. Mr. Barnes continuing, referred to tho question of salaries of ministers, and said already tlioir work as ministers hud in many quarters suffered sovorely liocuuso thoy hud liud to mix thomsolves up so muoh in limiiioiiil mutters, and ulso in connection with this question of union. Rov. W. Brown offered sonio oxphmation . in roferoneo to statistics referred to, main taining that tho enthusiasm ovor tlio question of union hud not ooolad down, kilt that it was still tho ouniest dosiro to go forward to tho consummation of tho union. Rev. John Calvert replied to soma of tho statements mudo by opponents to Mcthudist union us to whut would probably huppcu to Wosloyuns if tlio union were consummated. Hon. F. T. Biientnall said ho wished to speak to tho motion, und givo his reasons why ho dnroil como forward und accept tlio chullouga thrown down by tlio lust speaker, and hold up his hand nguinst Mothodist - union, Ho had tho courugo of his convictions. That was tho reason. So fur tlio udvocutes of union had lmd tilings all thoir owu way, and ho vunturcd to say thut lmd a great prominence been given to tho othor sido that thoro would liavo been a different stuto of tilings. Roforring to tlio returns of tlio voting, - ho said they ' showed thut thoro appeared to bo two classes of persona who lmd nut voted in' favour of uniuu — thoso who hud votod against it, iiuil tlioso who had not voted at ull. Ho ojuimod that tlio opponents hud us much, right to claim those who woro re turned as neutral us lmd tlio others. Tho voting allowed that 33 jicr cent of tho Mothodist people of tho colouy hud not voted fur union, and ho pointed out thut tlio others hud mi powor to oompol theso to como in. nor to prcvant tliem constituting another union. And yot wlion ho lmd man- tioncd this possibility ha laid boon told, " Lot thorn." That was not tlio spirit tho matter ought to ho dealt with in, and it was not tho spirit ho would tako up. Ho submitted thut tliu financial aspect of tlio question should havo boon placed before tlio conference, but instead of this tlioy woro asked in tho imino of God to tako a leap iu tho dark. Tho question of ministers' salaries lmd bcou mentioned, and it had boon attempted to show that there was no wido difference botwocn thoso of Primitive und V/esloyini Mothodists'. But ho know perfectly woll there wns a differ ence, nnd a vory wide difforoiiuo, und tliero was no getting uwny from it ; either those of tho Wosloyan ministers must como down or tlio others must go up, and if tho latter, whoro was the moitoy coming from f Although opposed to Mothodist union now, ho was not opposod to it in principle, mid when lio could son tho possibility ns clearly us sonio of thoso who advocated union now, thou lio would say consummate tho union. But ho did not think tho hour lmd yet arrivo I. Ho udvoimtcd an appeal to inembors and udlioronts of Methodist uhiirolios to ilecldo upon tlio ailvisnhloiiass of union, instead of members of churchos only. From tlio beginning of tho movement till now is liuil beon a one-sided discussion, und to u grout oxtont this wns duo to tho fuel thnt no ono liboil to oppose nn attrnativo theory. Noitlior did anyone liko to oppuso a movement which hud ardent popular support, husoil upon tho Idea thut tho movement was under tliri smllo of God. Ho hud dono uoth- . ing to agitato against Methodist union. - Ho . . ) dared not do that. Ho asked that tio qucs- ' \ tiou should bo settled ; anil if it so happened . . that uinou woro dceidod upon, und uftor trull ..a somo felt thut thoy must go out, that no harsh things would bo said. Rov. W. jKi?Emns said ho was unmoved . by Mr. Brontmill's remarks iu his Intention ' to support tho motion. Roforring to 'sumo ' remark by tlint gentleman, ho suid' ho would ho strongly opposoil to oousult- ' ing tho uillicronts of Wesloyuu churches. Ho wanted to know how thoy should deflnn ' : what constituted an adherent. Ho did' not think that tlio opponents to union would . leave tlio church if union woro consummated, . hoeuuso ho oountcd amongst tho opponents to union Noma of tho strongest and most loyal - supporters of Methodism. . ; ' Rov. E. Younosian inovod the adjournment a of tho dobnto till noxt day at 10 u'olook. Tlio proeoodings wore tlion termlnutod at "'w: 9.36 o'olook. '..v: 