The Catholic World at Large. One hundred and twenty Cardinals have died since Leo. XIII. became Pope. Scattered throughout the Holy Land .there are 74,000 Catholics. Mgr. Joseph Macchi has been been appointed Internuncio to Brazil. Cardinal Pole's escutcheon over his monument in Canterbury Cathedral is to be repainted at the expense of a number of English Catholics, headed by Cardinal Vaughan. On Thursday, October 21, His Eminence Cardinal Vaughan cele brated the silver jubilee of his epis copate, the event being one of especial importance to Catholics generally. The address of the clergy of the diocese of Westminster was presented to his Eminence on November 5tlr. Commissioned secretly by the Queen Regent, Father Colonna, a well-known Jesuit, has recently visited Barcelona and distributed gifts to the widows and children of anarchists executed at Montjuich Fortress in recent years. Mgr. M. Antonini, Canon of the Basilica of St. Anastasia, in Rome, and connected with the Department of Extraordinary Church Affairs, who acted as postulator in the beatification of a former Bishop of Cork, the blessed Thaddeus McCarthy, is spending a short holiday in Cork. A National Congress of Christian Democrats will be held at Lyons from the 24th to the 28th December. President McKinley has written to the Pope thanking him for the mag nificent volumes descriptive of the newly restored Borgia apartments at the Vatican. The letter is couched in terms of warm admiration. At a recent meeting of the West Ham School Board, Father Ring expressed the opinion that the gambling spirit, as developed by cricket, football and horseracing, is becoming little less of a scandal than the drink business. The. daughter of the Marchioness of Hastings and Sir George Ghetwynd (Miss Chetwynd), who was lately received into the Church by the Very Rev. Father Bernard Vaughan, S.J., is engaged to be married to Lord Uxbridge, whose income is set down at sums falling between two and one hundred thousand pounds per annum. On the death of Father Damien, of Molokai fame, his brother, Pere Pamphile, a member, of the same missionary congregation, generously volunteered to go out and take up his work among the lepers. After an absence of severkl years in the Sand wich Islands, Pere Pamphile has returned to his native country, where he intends to make a brief stay. It was stated that the Holy Father had requested the Sultan to pardon five Greek priests under sentence of death,. Monsignor Bonetti, Aposto lic Delegate at Constantinople, was entrusted with the presenting of- the petition. The " Red Mass," or Mass of the Holy Ghost, celebrated according Lo custom at the opening of the legal year, was attended on Monday, Oc tober 25, at the Church of SS. An- selm and Cecilia., Lincoln's Inn Fields, by a large number of Catholic members of the Bench and Bar. It is called the "Red Mass" because the vestments worn by the cele brating priest are red, the co'oar appropriate to Mass of the Holy Ghost. The Sardinia Chapel, as it is generally called, hecause it was formerly the chapel of the Sardinian Embassy, is one of the iesv Catholic edifices in London in which the rites of the Catholic Church were allowed to be celebrated during the period the penal laws were enforced against the members of .the Church. Drugs to be effective should be fresh and of purest quality — such can be obtained at the Apothecaries (opposite Sandover's), Perth. 