lip PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL.' W.' mfrr-r i: A REQUIEM MASS. a the doctrine op purgatory. IS The services connected with the consccra- TMion of St. Patrick's Catliednil were resumed iSWcr('ay> on ."wltioli fell the festival of All 'jjjfcs, the purpose of which is by prayer l' r8Mfhlm"r;,""f to nllevinto the sufferings of in purgatory. Pontifical Requiem riqijflBh celebrated by the Most Rev. Dr. Rathurst, was commenced and lasted considerably over two '"''BaBrhe ltevs. Fathers Carey and Bcn- 3 foffillBldeacon and sub-deacon rcspec- IBhBSm the cantors were the Rev. i'a- bbHHBI, Robinson, M.A.hM'Carten and music was liurcly vocal. livered by the Very C'o Redemptorist '''s 'cxt Horn Ecclcsi- gift hath grace in the d restrain not grace .BwwS y h- . . . Re not wanting in '.wSHpllthein thnt weep, and walk with People who took fip|l|S|rme solemn opening of the t'HNw: i>rc<u'ier Bn ' cou' not f'1" jrfr,- with the memory of those k;.fPApraE8BUIiberal)y contributed to its crcc- itfgS|ftj|P hgd watched with ever increasing yiSSpBvits growing greatness and beauty, 3'iJffiPd'becn called away before seeing its i,fllfflpP'et'011- In one great golden stream of tJp SKril.r. munificent gifts from many and jfPjflriy dislant'HOureeB had been poured in i PHoand the feet of their beloved Arcli- |jfflSslinp to enable him to present :f®fj Clod the magnificent offering of 'feltBaf cathedral, uutranimelled by imy Txfir1 '''y obligation. That day the souis iffldeparted lricnds and brethren cried aloud fWK the gifts of charity, for the prayers that JSsgaAld liberate them from their indebtedness justice of God. Father O'Farrell pro- 7?S$8lo<l to explain and prove tho doctrine of ifj-.;jlflj|gaioi'y. Jesus Christ was tho one JramSLt. head of this mystic body, the oV'&Sjjpih.; which embraced the church tri- fil ,.'7.;.'j'iSwihunt. in heaven, the ehurcli suffering in W gud the church militant on earth. lB|!8Bto' children of one common family. ' 'YBSfcsted. between these a band of holy neither distance nor death rf f » c UcSSMhUk a hand by virtue of which one b,&Mm;|Hkthe good works of all. The '-AjtiEnHboctnnc with reference to pur- 13 " y, fi|jsj9HHg 'h 118 a place or state of jT-V- MIMMHBHpre the souls of some who of God, but not fully dis- eA$SH|H|>verc committed for a time, ' it rt !- i the Council of Florenco in . ..-iMyHpnd point, that the souls in f tSmHNBHMpasistcd by the suffrages of ''BaBMBlBMr'eiirth, was defined by' the in 1645. Nothing was dc- fni IV C'jBmBHjHBBMDeuiea of suffering endured, vritHHKw thu manner in which tho j'aiiS'/HMBMph® T'Y'n8 ivere applied to the U i /IwKffWitYatory. The doctrine of pur- na ilMPa Ilot onl>r 111 harmony with coin- and reason, but was grounded on )ajjfgiftnojd : foundation of Scripture, tuid was i.lgjjmnessed to by the fathers of the church . .jfiaaKverv age from the time of the apostles yW» inc jirescnt day. Yet we were told in ssWt10 Anglican Rook of Common Prayer that 'fertile doctrine of purgatory was not war ns,' j-inted by Scripture. We i-ead in the second fljr liook of the Maccabees that Judas Macca- mc: bctis "sent twelve thousand drachms of sil- S| vcr to Jerasalem to be offered for the sins jl of the dead," and such plain words from K|| Sacred Writ 'as "It is a holy and Ka wholesome thought to pray for the B|w| dead that they may bo loosed from their E||! sins" needed no comment. Tho Jews, who gill opposed Judas Maccabeus, had fallen in I|g3 battle because of their sins, but not such WM sins as to causo their eternal damnation, »S because they had "fallen asleep in godli- ness." On the other linnd; they could not :,S mm have entered heaven, because "sin cannot 4 l®H<!n'cr f'lel'e) nor anything that defileth tlie T TOgHBaO'd." Here wiusshown belief in a place where arc purified till tlie justice of God is ggflMfisfied. Though Calvin erased from tlie J|||i8B>le the two boohs of Maccabeus, people $ 1W" aame authority for believing in tlieir J-J cc||||Mpiratioh' as for believing in the inspira- Sf EgjfME of tlie gospel of St. Matthew, in which Wt eRmIH-i '121 we read— "l|o that shall speak PJ JgeflEnst the Holy Ghost, it shall not bo for- ril. "KgiaBfcii him, neither in this world nor in the j£ ?||9NHd to come." Surely he could not mean £ ®jHBfccak of the sin being forgiven in heaven, pi bj&gffiftMxi; no sin can enter, or in hell. We were U. cP&Hpi;/to'd by St. Paul in' his First Epistle to, f: Corinthians (iv., 12, 13, 15) — Now if & -BWoy 11,11,1 build up tins foundation, gold, sil- mSs' vcr, precious stones, wood, bay, stubble; ,v Egf every man's work shall be manifest; for the \- K3.: 'day of tlie Lord sliall declare it, because it | mf shall be revealed in fire, and the fire shall 1 H trv every man's work, of what sort it is. f I If any man's work burn lie shall suffer loss, r El '10 l'imself 6hnll be Hayed, yet so as hy (« K hrc. Were sueli to remain outside and i, receive nothing for their \ gold, silver " anl' Precious stones? St. Ambrose : k1 interpreted these words to mean purgatory, s pi and it was to such eminent authorities we vi El should look for the interpretation of tlicm, s Ea just the same as we 'would go to the most ;'j pl"9 eminent jurist to settle any constitutional | Pig question. Tortullian, in his treatise on llarriage, said, "A. faithful wife may pray 1M? for the soul of her deceased husband," and in the description of tlie funeral of Con- BMB: stantinc it was related tliat people offered bB "p sacrifice and prayers for tlie repose of «P Ins soul. St. Ambrose said of Tlicodosiug, uf By my tears and prayers I shall lead him to the holy mountain of the Lord." St. fl fdirysostoin, the great light of the Eastern ifl Uliurch, told us it was ordained by tlie I apostles that mention sliouid be made of iE the dead because they would "receive great jfl benefit from it." St. Augustine prayed for W tlie soul of his mother, St. Monica, aiul I Calvin himself admitted that tho souls of H the departed had been tlie subject of prayer for 1300 years before lie came into the world. The doctrine was universally cn- forced by all the great doctors of theclnircli ft in the first and purest ages of its existence. It was not stealthily introduced and sprung upon the people by some presumptuous in ventor, but wns openly preached aiul re commended and practised. Additional tes timony of it was to he found in the litur gies of the church, both Eastern and West- era, and in the liturgy of the Russian Church. In conclusion, Father O'Farrell made an appeal to the congregation to pray for tlie souls of tlie late Archbishop Goolii, Dr. 1'itzpatrick and others who aided in the erection of the cathedral. 