PHOTOGRAPHIC NE GATIVES. Hew Stage Figures Oeeup. i : v Spurious Gliosis. Some unexplained mysteries of pho-' | tography, most of which seem to- de- . pond on some previous exposure of a j plate, without the owner's knowledge. ! either to light or tb some form of oheml- : celly active dark radiation, are thus de- ; scribed in the American "Journal of Photography"; — I "It is no uncommon experience to find , upon now plates certain images for ; which there seems to bo no possible ox- I planation, their startling and unae- j countable appearance being 'wrapt in mis try,' causing astonishment not un mixed with uncanny feeling. A gentle man made an exposure upon the in terior of a friend's house; he was doubt ful of- the time, and proceeded to de velop for under-exposure; to his great surprise the plate developed quickly, and to his greater surprise the image was an interior quite different from that upon which lie had exposed. The plate was from a fresh box, and could not possibly have had a previous ex posure: ANOTHER INSTANCE of tbe kind, having quite a sensational and tragic ending, la on record. An ex posure was made upon a view having a river in the foreground. The photo grapher, while developing this peculiar plate, was perfectly' astounded by an appearance which he had not seen while taking the photograph, and for which ho could In no way account. On com pleting the development there was plainly revealed, in the foreground of the picture, the figure of a woman, ap parently floating upright in the water. Not many weeks after, to complete the mystery, the body of a woman was found in the river at the exact spot where the photograph had been taken. Again, not long since, the daily papers were agitated over the account of a travel ling photographer, who, upon making an exposure upon the exterior of A REFUTED HAUNTED HOUSE, discovered at one of the windows a por trait of the murdered man through whom the house had gained its evil name. In another case three distinct images, having no connection ono with tho other, were impressed upon a single film. The plate was exposed upon a gar den in the evening — nothing remarkable being seen— but when placed In the de veloper a man's hat of old- fashioned shape, a child's dress and a dog were distributed over the image of the gar den. Such mysterious images were more common in tho days of wet plates than now. "A few years back Professor Burton investigated the matter. Upon tracing back the history of the glass ho found that it hud been used for other films, and that the images which appeared UNDOUBTEDLY AROSE from the remains of previous images. Tho old glass was thus proved to be the source of tho ghosts; It only deep ened the scientific mystery, while it cleared away the supernatural. The glass traced by Burton had boon washed for some weeks, immersed in strong ni tric acid, and every means taken to in sure chemical cleanliness, yet, in spite of all thl3, enough energy remained la tent to form a developed image ttpon the new film, whether by chemical or physical force remains to be discovered. A complete solution of the difficulty would probably throw considerable light upon the nature of photographlcal images in general; at least, it seems to Indicate that light is not absolutely es sential in the formation of latent images on a sensitive film." 