WIT AND HUMOR. "Freddy," said-the teacher to Freddy Fangle, "you have spelled the -word wrabbit' with two t's. You must leave one of them out." "Yes, ma'am," re plied Freddy; "which one?" Old Lady (looking at "deaf and dumb's" placard): My poor man, what does this say? I haven't my glasses. Tramp: Please, mum, it says I am deaf and dumb, and if yer kin give me a few coppers. The pupils in a sohool were asked to, give in writing the difference between a biped and a quadruped. One boy gave the following: "A biped has two legs and a quadruped has four legs; therefore the difference between a biped and a quadruped is two legs." "Isn't it absurd what ideas people in small towns have of large cities?" "Yes; there's just one thing more absurd." "What is that?'t "The ideas people in large cities have of a small town." Mamma: "Which do you love most, papa or mamma?" Charlie: "I love papa most." "Why, Charlie, I am sur prised at you. I thought you loved me most." "Can't help it. mamma; we men have to hold together." "May I kiss you, Miss Tenspot?" asked young Mr Huggins. "Have you ever kissed a girl before?" asked the young lady. "Never," asseverated the young man. "Then you may kiss me. I draw line at men who kiss and tell." Watts: The displacement of men by machinery has been something great in recent years. Potts: And it is still going on. Only yesterday I was going across the street and found myself dis placed by a bicycle with great pre cipitancy. Miss Antique: I don't care for men; in fact, I've already said "No" to seven of them. Miss Comely: Indeed! What were they selling? "See that woman running-with an enormous bouquet in her hand?" "That isn't a bouquet: she is trying to save her summer hat from the rain." His Wife: "Well, JosL'h, I don't see that you need keep on takin' that liquor. The doctor said that you were all cured, and that he needn't come any more.' The Deacon: Yes; but you know what he said a few days ago about the danger of gettin' a relapse. "What do these letters stand for?" asked a curious wife of her husband, as she looked at his Masonic seal. "Well, really, my love," he replied, encourag ingly, "I presume it is because they can't sit down." She postponed further questioning. New Farmer: I am somewhat of a connoisseur in stock, and I want only such as are young and in good condition. Dealer: Well, buy this drove of year lings. New Farmer: How old are they? One afternoon, a stranger, observing a stream of people entering a church, ap proached a man of gloomy respect, who was standing near the entrance, and asked, " Is this a funeral," "Funeral, no;" was the sepulchral answer: "it's a wedding." "Excuse me," added the stranger, "but I thought from your seri ous looks that you might be a hired mourner." "No," returned the man with a weary, far-off look in his eyes, "I'm the son-in-law of the bride's mother." The Harlem Histories gave a perform ance a few nights ago. The piece was "Hamlet," and Gus Snobberly played the ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence by saying, "Now, Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come In and say, "I am thy father's ghost," and you must do it in a deep. sonorous voice." Gus said he would try and do his lavel boat -Whon the ghost's turn came he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performance by saying, "I am thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." Gilhooly: Why don't you propose to Miss Longcofln? She is dead gone on you, and she is rich besides. Gus de Smith: I would encourage her a little if it wasn't that she is lame'in one long leg. Gllhooly: For heaven's sake, man, don't be a pessimist. Don't look at it that way. Gus de Smith: Don't look at what? Gllhooly: The situation, of couse: don't say that she is lame in one leg, but remember she has one leg she is not lame in. Look on the bright side of things. Be an optimist. 