A TRAVELLER'STRAGEDY. At daybreak Indian Tom emerged from hia wickiup and stood in the doorway, open, as is the custom, towatds the east, whence the desert tribes expect a Messiah. He surveyed the forbidding landscape with an air of proprietorship. Tall, gaunt, with an eye like a coyote's, and a skin clinging close to hiB bony frame, tanned to yellow parchment by hundreds of electric storms, Indian Tom was a veritable wizard of the wilds. Not far to the westward rose the long, undulating outlines of the Funeral Mountains bordering the Death Valley. On every other hand stretched the monotonous wastes of the Mojave Desert, now a long way of barren plain, now a range of hills rising above it. A few yards from Tom's habitation was a pool of black water which oozed slowly from the ground on a little slope. When it reached a certain level, it overflowed and trickled in narrow rivulet along the sands into a piece of ground enclosed by wires. Here it kept alive a scanty growth of native grasses. In the background of Indian Tom's immediate landscape were dozens of burros, which constituted his worldly wealth and made hint a lord among his fellows. When a burro became famished to the point of starvation on the sparse sage-bush, it was admitted to the little enclosure and permitted to feed until it could stand strong upon its legs. Then it was clubbed forth upon the desert again. Indian Tom often sold burros to prospectors, but the number did not diminish, and the source of constant supply was a mystery which no man had fathomed. Above the low mountains in the distant east the sun rose like a ball of fire. There were no soft tints of blue and purple along the summits to herald the approach of dawn and indicate a little moisture in the air. But instead came a sudden flare of light that burned at once in the sky and along the mountain sides and on the wide reaches of the plain. The air was shot through and through with penetrating, stinging rays. Here and there appeared a few puffs of wind, wlicrling sand aloft, with an ominous, swinging, funnel-like motion. And in the far norih these gradually increased, until a cloud of dust hung like a curtain against the sky, higher above the earth than the tops of the highest mountains. Indian Tom surveyed the scene, sniffed the hot blasts which saluted his withered nostrils, and muttered in the composite lingo which he had picked up from prospectors of different notionalities: " Ugh ! Mucho calor ! Heap dam hot wind!" Then, as one of his squaws placed before him a chunk of dingylooking bread, a black bottle, and a savory combination of jack-rabbit and bacon, he squatted beside them, upon the ground, and attacked with great gusto a breakfast which, for a desert Indian, was an epicure's dream. Three hours later the shifting gusts of wind had united in a constant furnace blast. And at a point fifteen miles from Indian Tom's across the range, and upon the edge of the basin-like depression known as Death Valley, two men suffering constant torments from the almost insupportable heat. These were Anderson and Grimes, prospectors. At the first indications of an electric storm they had prepared an insufficient shelter by making a low tent of some canvas, under which they crawled for protection They had also tried to shield their two burros by muffling tbeir heads in gunny sacks, to screen them from the driAing sands which rode on the sweeping blasts of the norther. This sand penetrated everywhere, and cut the skin, if exposed, like needles. " I wonder if the critters is alive ?" said Anderson, in a lull of the tempest which permitted the raising of his voice above the whistling of the wind. "If they be," he added, " 'twould be a mercy to wet their noses with a little water." Grimes struggled to his feet, throwing off the weight of the canvas, which had been pressed down upon them by the drifting sand. Five minutes later the burros had been resurrected, the gunny sacks had been removed from their heads, and their mouths had been thoroughly sponged. When these things had been done everything had been adjusted for a probable recurrence of the tempest, the men found that they had just one canteen of water left, one which had been filled at Coyote Hole as they had come past a few hours before. It had been kept until the last, as being the freshest, They each took a " pull at this. " It's pretty bitter and brackish, ain't it?" Grimes remarked. " Some way I never liked that water. It tastes to me like arsenic and asphalt. But—by , it's good ! Give me some more. It's good, it's good, it's good. Ha ! this is life. No man knows what joy he can get out of a little thing until he's been almost dead with hunger or with thirst, Don't you think so, pard ?" " Don't be an idiotic fool," Anderson replied. " The wind's a coming up again. Better curl down here behind 'the outfit, and see that you make that water go jest as fur as it will. If we can stand it till night, and the moon comes up, and the wind goes down, and the burros is alive, and we can get to Indian Tom's, where there's water, we're all right. But if we can't—why, then we're just dead and buried, and that's all there is of it," was Anderson's grimly philosophical reply. When the sun went down, blood-red in the west, like the spent wrath of an' angry giant. The airy blankets of visible, palpitating heat which had been pressing down upou the earth, seemed lifted all at once and flung abroad into space. For a brief interval the darkness of night swept over the mountains, pierced in the illimitable vault overhead by thousands of brilliant points of fire. Then the moon came ap, swimming in a sea of silvery radiance. Anderson and Grimes, hy a supreme effort, aronsed themselves from the lethargy which had overtaken them in the closing hours of the day, and prepared to leave the spot where BO much suffering had been compressed into so brief 4 time. 1 They had adjusted the pack* upon Nobles, the smaller of the two burros, and were preparing to " cinch " the load on Jerusalem, a big and brawney specimen of her race, and their principal dependence as a pack animal. Anderson stood with his foot against her side, pulling on the rope that held the pack in place when properly adjusted. But there was no answering pull from the other side, where Grimes was standing. Anderson was angered. Why the devil don't you pull ?" he thundered. Then in gentler tones, " Why, boy, what in the name of Simon Peter's ghost is ailin' you 1 Have you got the St. Vitus dance ?" Grimes was reeling in aimless circles, frothing at the mouth, and making inarticulate cries of pain. Then he fell to the ground, and his legs and arms threshed the ground with spasmodic contortions. Than came nausea, worse than any sea-sickness. At a moment later Grimes sat up and pulled himself together. " God!" he said ; " that's terrible. Little the worst I ever had. Who would have though a man could live through such pain as that ?" " I tell you what," Anderson replied. " You've eaten something that don't agree with you—it's almost like poison. You're locoed. We've got to camp here again and make some coffee to settle your stomach." After a mile pr two of travel almost in silence Grimes called a halt. " I'll hav% to rest," he said. " I'm sick again. I hate to say so, but I can't go on." " I'm pretty bad myself," Anderson replied when they hadstopped. " Queer, isn't it ?" Then, suddenly, he felt the same symptoms which had so tortured his friend, although in a lesser degree— spasmodic, uncontrollable contractions of the muscles, a wretched nausea, and a burning intolerable thirst, which seemed to dry up every atom of vitality, and to cleave to the very centres of existence. But Anderson was strong, and lie fought like a lion against his unseen foe. " It was in the water," said Anderson, "We've been poisoned. Those devilish coyote-bounty hunters have put strichnine in the springs. Five dollars for a coyote's scalp and a man or two thrown in. Hell, what a country this is 1" " It's that fiond, Indian Tom," whispered Grimes. " He has poisoned the water at Coyote Hole, and he'll be looking for our burros to-morrow. If I can live long enough to stick a knife into him, I'll be satisfied." They traversed the sloping rim of Death Valley and the comparatively level ground above it, and came up the long, winding canon which opens upon the confineB of the valley, and, at its upper extremity, forms a pass in the Funeral range, beyond which lie those continuations of the desert, where, at this time, Indian Tom's wickiup and the adjacent springs were the most important signs of life. At intervals, when Jerusalem, staggering beneath her double load, stopped to rest, Anderson was compelled to listen to the delirious ravings of his friend, who constantly begged for surcease from pain by death as for some priceless favor. The situation was intolerably oppressive to Andersen. The physical pain which he endured, although terrible, was nothing in comparison with his mental torments as he listened to his friend There were moments when he despaired of the issue, and argued with himself that neither could survive the toilsome journey, that both must die ; and that it were better to end all at They had almost completed the ascent of the canon, and the burros paused, from sheer inability to move further, upon the highest point, where the sides of the gorge dropped abruptly away into unknown depths, shrouded in darkness, where there was no fantastic play of the moonlight. Here Grimes called softly for water, asking in the tone of a spoiled child who believes that its mother denies its request from caprice. There was something in the tone and in the repeated insistent demand that cut Anderson to the heart. It was really such a little thing, yet so impossible. "Water, water, won't you give me water ? Only one drop, one little drop, and I'll be satisfied." " Come," said Anderson, gently, " can't you be yourself for jest a minute 7 Don't you know that I can't give you water? Try to reason, jest a little." " Water " was the imperious reply— " water, or kill me, in mercy!" Anderson drew his revolver from its holster for the first time. The moonlight glanced from the polished steel as he held the candle towards Grimes. He intended to teBt him. "Here is the revolver," he said " Take it and use it." " I can't," was the reply, " My arms are paralysed. I can't lift my elbows. Don't you see that I'm only a wreck of a man—nothing left of me except a voice and a brain that's pU on fire? Anderson, I'm myself now. I know what I'm saying, and I call on you, you are my friend, to do your duty." Anderson hesitated for a moment. He wavered to and fro and toyed with the revolver, undecided. Then, with a quick movement, he turned the weapon upon his own heart and pulled the trigger. There was a report, followed by a cry. Anderson threw his arms into the air, fell, clutched vainly at the edge of the precipice, and disappeared into the depths. • • • * » Again, at the break of day, Indian Tom stood at the door of his wickiup, holding erect his meagre form, unbent by the weight of a hundred years, and gazing into the far reaches of the landscape. The atmosphere, swept by the norther of the day before free from every particle of moisture, was perfectly transparent, and every outline of the mountains, every naked rock and shrunken desert bush, was distinct with a startling individuality. Here and there a jack-rabbit bounded over the barren plain, or a covote sneaked away from the approach of day. Shuffling unsteadily across the sands came two grey forms which Tom watched intently from their first appearance in the distance. Nobles was in advance, with the lighter load, erased for water, and frantic to bury her nose in the. black, sluggish ooze beneath the shadow of Tom's habitation. Then came Jerusalem, trembling with fever and we&rineas;, and staggering under her twofold burden. For, lying back upon the blanket9, tied so that it could not fall, was a human form, rigid, uncovered, the beard and cheeks bleared with bloody foam, the glassy eyes staring unmoTed into the face of the morning sun. Then Indian Tom, lifting his hands to the east, chanted, in guttural monotone, a verse of thanksgiving to the Spirit on high who pnts into the white man's heart the lust of gold, and sends him forth into the wilds, driving his deftfooted little beasts laden with the miner's pick and pan, with tobacco, with bacon, and, best of all with whisky, which warms the marrow and gladdens the heart of the Great Father's dusky servant.— London Sun. 