A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A. PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WIL LIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the '" Australian Workman.") On Thursday afternoon our representa tive made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ul. timo. He was discovered nursing a two year- old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : You want to knol all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. 1'he facts may be of valce to those who are stricken as I wa." " How long were you sufferin? 1" " Well, twelve months ago I sot s0 had that I had to leave off wr.'g and I have done nothing since t1en. About five years ago, next Chri'. .tns, I met with an accident I wats b'dly scalded while taking a bhlt in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accideo;t I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual drev'opmont ci the malady, I was forced to give up lay billet at the Globe Island.!' Who.'s were the symptomas " "Si;nply indescribable. The pains weroe sor.ethmtg terrible. They were jvst abhut as much as I could bear. Thiy were for all the world liko on if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder. and was a nuisance to myself and overyono else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well.known doctor and he told me that my case wna utterly I:ope less. However, he gavo me an order to the Director of Charitable Institution,." " Did you make use of the order 1" " No : I came home ana went to bcd, and have been pretty well in bed over since. Five weeks ago I couln not walk across the floor ; in factl could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days which I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to eaeo the agony I was in. I was under him for flve or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progremive locotno tor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar dieturbances of gait, and dilliculty in co-ordinating volun tary movemonts. He" told me that I might last for ten years, and that I mightt. never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his loegs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will gransp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conueyed by the advertisement des cribing the cue effected in the case of anotlher boilormuker in England, which I read in )he " Aastralian Workman." by by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I reaud in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as nmavellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and helep as thoughi nothing wasthe matter with meo. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I itnoodiatoly left the bed and was able to move about. I. hove taken four boxes of Pink Pills dluring the past four weeks, and not now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick. anl am1 gradually, but surely, recovering t::y former vigor nad vitality. You soa those crulthes there ? They are perfectly now, and I hve never used thtet. They wore made for tme before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use thJoa, and now I dun't want them. All I want is thsa stick, and I hop ansoon to do without it. You seeoo I am rapidly regaiinig tomy strenlgt." " He in 100 per cent. better," said MIrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another itanO of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did. a fortnighlt pro viouattely. " 1 can now," continued Jarvia. "thave acold bath, and all tlte fooling has comoe back in my lege. If i keep on, going the way I am, I hope to he able, to. resunyo workas a boilor- maker, and you know I have to be in the lpi»k of health andl strength to work at that trade.. ( am betlter to-day than I have boon at any time turing the past v'o yoas?. I oacrilh 11 the change and bnoefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. 'I nm in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing: cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, pa;rtial paralysis, and spinal dieaser, also themany disor'lers whic arise from, an impoverished state of the blood, suelr as utrmlin, palo and snltow complexonr, general mnecular weakcre:e, indigamtien,. loss of appetite, slhortess of breath, pains' in the back, noervos headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. lPGnow, n, les.dor of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly. was seen by our reporter in connection' with tihe remarkble case of T'homas Jarvis. Mr ,C 'Owen r ya hIe has known' Jarvis from infancy. He aleo know that Ihe had to give up his work at Glebe. Island abattoirs twelvo months ago,. owing to a malady \h)lich he d?lveloped. He afterwards heard that Jareis was bed ridden, and teat thero was little chnnco oef his recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused adrnioson to the Sydney Hospital, as his ease had b, on pronouncedl incurable. Mr MlG'.aen was, therefore like everyone else who knoew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of: Jarris. Dr Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable' from all leading chemists, or frrom the Dr Williama' Medicine Coy., Queen's' Place, Sydney, who will forward (post pain) ur. receipt of stampps or post order L boxr for 2 9do, or duan lor tie 9d. 