Local and General News. Sewing Machines,— J. F. Davies has just rccolved two of tho celebrated "Queen" Maohines from Now York," As they are samples thoy will bo sold at hall the usual price. Without exception thoy arc tho best improved, and a triumph of American skill. uau ana inspoct.— j. Fiiancis Dayies, Fur nishing Ironmonger. A magnificent stook of jewellery, watches, silver plate clocks, eto, is now on viow at tho now establishment of our leading watchmaker and jeweller, Mr J. E., Robinson, Amongst the novelties we noticed some vory pretty ohatelaine watches set with stoncB and enamelled, whioh aro very fashionable. Thero is a ohoico stock of new. designs in gold brooches, .rings, bracelets, links, studs, etc., and a very largo stook of watohes, both gold and silver. We recommend a visit to this old established and reliable firm. Jimmy Linton, a boy of. twelve yearn of age, narrowly escaped drowning yesterday At ono o'clock, as ho was returning homo to dinner from tho'F B.indaborg State School, with some ot lads, they wont to Soott's shoot, on the. r bank, for a swim. Jimmy ran down shoot, but his footing slipping, ho fell stunned himself, rolling into tho w insensible. Two of his companions, Ro Scott and Ernest Hansen, pluckily won to the resoue and succeeded in pulling Lit out of tho wator just as ho was sinkln second time. Ho was carried up by . Cameron to his father, who conveyed homo,', whore tho dootor attended him. Deferring to a paragraph in our issue oonocrning tho advisability of b Now Caledonia weather reports posh outside the local telegraph office immed on arrival by cable, we are pleased to through Mr Kilncr, that ho has recei reply- from the Port Master ' thori agreeing with- the suggestion, and I stating that the Marine Departmen straight away recommend too Post Telegraph Department -to introdut system. We may therefore oxpeot these reports posted outsido tho tel office at an early date. The usual meeting of . the Malgrave Lodge, No. 10, I.O.O.F., we last nignt, 80 members boing present committee reported thero were ' nc members. Two candidates were initlat a clearance granted to one brother. ' pondonco from the Grand Seoretary ai Secretary of the Bondaherg Hospiti dealt with. The members decided t part in the Hospital demonstration on Monday and appointed Bra. Orow, N. represent them on the committee. Th gavo a splendid report of his reoeption Foresters send-off .on 'Tuesday, night. R. Stewart was rooommendod as D.j for the ensuing year. Tho remainder evening was devoted to masic, singini in which several members took parti Tho receipts of the ovonlog amounted to £11 8s Gd; expenditure mf; £G0 was voted to the trustees. Tho Lodgo olosod at 10 p.m. . On Wednesday last, before Mr, T, Mowbray, P.M. Rlohard Dolaney, on remand, oharged with having no lawful means of support, was discharged on the application of the polico. George Northovor, oharged with using obscene, language In Bourbong-streot, pleaded guilty, and was fined £1, in default sovon days. William H. Ed. Johnson was oharged. with false pretences, said offonoo being tho obtaining of £2 10s' from David Groom by moans of a valueless ohequo. After tho ovidonoe of Constable Banfiold, who effcoted the arrest, defendant was romanded for eight days on bail, himself in £40 and two sureties of £20 eaoh, or one surety of £40. Samuel Stiles, on behalf of Maud Louisa Stiles, summonsed Mrs. Hcndorson on two counts for assault. Mr. Thorburn for oomplalnant, and Mr, Johnston for defend ant. Tho case relied on was that whilst complainant was hanging out olothes on the 25th ult. defendant, from h$r stablo, threw a brick at her. After voluminous evidence of a contradictory nature tho case waB adjourned till yesterday. Then further ovidenoe -was takon, and tho caso again adjourned till this morning. Patrick Keighran summonsed Wm, J. M'Dougall for assault. Complain ants case was that after defendant had paid for some impounded horses he struck him on the nose with his fist. Defendant was fined 5s., with costs £1 16s 8d. Mr. Thorburn for complainant, Mr. Nielson for defendant. Sunday Services. — Tho Rev. B- Hogg will oonduot service at South Kolan in the morning, and at Sharon at 3 p.m. ; tho subject for both plaocs being " Tho Holy Ghost." — Wcsleyan : Bundaborg, 11 a.m. and 7.80 p.m., Rev. T. Ellison ; morning subjeot, . "Worshipping tho Devil — Worshipping Christ;" ovening (oboral sorvice) subjeot, " Want at a Wedding." Sandhills, 8 p.m., Rev. T. Ellison. — Mr Rodgorson will proaoh at Pino Grovo at 11 a.m., and at Albionvillo at 7.80 p.m.— Primitivo Mothodist: Bunda borg. 11 a.m., Mr Pollard ; 7.80 p.m., Rev. W. Powell; South Kalkie (11 a.m.) and Kalklo (8 p.m.), Rov. .W. Powell; Watawa !U a.m.), Currajong (8 p.m.), and Gin Gin 7.80 p.m.), Mr Butler.— Presbyterian: Tho lev, J. Maokonalo will proaoh at Burnett Heads at 8 p.m.— Baptist : Tho Rov. P, W. Calms will oonduot servloo both morning and ovening. At 11a.m., Communion: and at 7.80 p.m., "God's Obscure Heroes." Flannels 2/0 dozen, white and groy sheet! Sn'g from 9/11 dozen, white calicos 2/11 doz. only, at J. S. Cullinane's. Bargains in Remnants to-day. The following is tho labor report for tho week ending dthdnst:— Demand: 2 ploughmen, 2 horsedrivora ; supply : 1 fitter, 2 general, A thoroughly roprosoktivo meet ing of railway man was held last night in conneotion with tho accidental death of tho late guard Graham. It wadlloalded that sub scription fists should bo iff ed to all parts of tho Southern railway si torn, whon It 1b hoped all thoso who cat. will support tho off oris of tho railway men.f Messrs. Robinson, Ross, and Forstor havoxbeon appointed a committee for tho future management of tho funds, On WodnosJay last, In roply to his requisition, Mr W. G. Lowls, Chairman 9\. E. titnto Soliool, roooivod word from tho Department the now wing would bo oponod for uso on Monday noxt. Mr W. Pagan, Acting Chief Engin eer, and Mr J. Forbes, District Engineer, arrived in town on Wednesday last. Thoy woro mot by sovoral mombors of tho Harbor Board, and in thoir oompany Inspcotcd tho alto of tho proposed coal shoots, ns woll as tho approaohos to tho wharves, whore the oxtra siding is rcqulrod. A roport will bo forwarded to tho Railway Commissioner lator on. At tho Small Dobts Court on Wed nesday last, Mr T. Mowbray P.M. proslding, a vordiot for plaintiff was ontorod in tho following eases. — Woolloy, Borgln nnd Co. v Mrs Gilbert, goods sold, £1 10s, coats 8s Gd ; Coohrano ana Co. v Mrs Crozler, goods sold, £2 5s 3d; costs 5s. Tbo ordinary mooting of tho Ferries Board was to have boon hold last ovoning and Messrs. P. Duffy (Chairman), W. Red mond, S. Johnston and Jos. J Smith wero prcsont, but In tho absonoo of tho Seoretary nn adjournment waB mado until Monday ovoning. Enoauement Rinoh, Wodding Rings, nnd Keopors. Largest and boat stook' in Bunda- burg. J. E. Rouinhon, Watohmakor. On tho fourth page will bo found our TownBvillo Notes. By a typographical orror in last issue, the ahortago in the rovenuo of tho oolony, for the month of January, was stated to bo £78,000 instead of £8,000. The mis- tako baa led to somo comical results. A contemporary, yostorday, foil ovor itsoU in itsongornoss to diroot publio attention to tho mattor, and with a wc-novor-go-wrong-air laid tho blundor nt tho feet of iho Quardian, innocently adding, at tho contusion of its par, " This Is woefully incorreot." Right for onco our stollar friend ; so it Is. Permit us to suggost, in truo Wattsonian spirit, tho appropriateness of theso oncouroglng lines being hung up in your office, " 1( at first you don't succeed, Try try; try again," To tho Guardian our sympathy is extended, though no doubt its virility will onablo it to survivo such a shocking impeaohmont. M'Leod's £1 Koylors Watohos havo been sent all ovor tho oolony,4 Wo aro requested to intimato that tho Rov. T. Ellison will oonduot servloo at Kalbar plantation on Wednesday next, and at -Bingera tho following Thursday. Mr Frank Gooding has arrived in town to accompany tho Rio Logo on her eoming voyago as Government Agent. Yes terday, tho vessel was busy taking in stores, and ail boing woll she heads down stream to-morrow. A receiving oiTioo, undor tho oh&rgo; ot Mr Aiuos, is being opened at lnviota mill for tho oonvonionoo of the employees as woll as tho farmers and settlors residing off tho mailman's traok. . Mr. E. Sachs is to ho farowelled by the citizens of Bundaborg in tho Queen's Theatre this evening, when his Worship tho Mayor, Mr P. Duffy, will tako tho chair. On Saturday afternoon thoro will be a field parade of all Maryborough forces be fore tho Commandant, nnd the new Stato School Teacher's Brigade will make their first publio appearance in thoir now and stylish uniforms. Tho Maryborough squad will bo strengthened by dotnehmonts from Gympio nnd Bundaberg. — Chronicle. In conneotion with tho Municipal oleotions at Townsvillo on Tuesday last Mr. E. Y. Lowry, an advanced Socialist, ns ho de clared himself, received a majority of cigh- . teen votes ovor Mr., Murdooh Cameron, his opponent. Ned, when addressing tho rate gayors, deolined to thank thoso who voted for im, as he considered thoy should thank him for devoting his time to their services. Mr. "E. B. C. Corsor left by the -Ml Vo of ..cn- nat-- 'nd bio. 1, 1c- OB. s. is; f'n- ieo aso ire- ad- al- Mr.. for . of by. tho tore-, ap-. issed f; A. 1 re sized lapse d on i tho Tho ;ed a that ulent ition part ition mied kuab tuviw . . .t... ance, and one of them, Crisp, alleged int'anoy, Bwoarlng tbat he wag only 18 years oil ago. His Honor discharged tho petition against ;thc Infant, without costs, on the ground of his Infanoy; and adjudicated tho othor partner, A. J3. Thomas, insolvent, holding that tho aot alloged by tho 'petitioning oreditors was a fraudulont proforonoo. Tho 10th inst. was appointed tho day for filing tbo statement, and tho 18th Inst. tho date for tho first mooting of oreditors.— Courier. Tho deadnoss of tho looal mining market (Baya tho Wide Lay. Eewe) was. shaken into life yesterday by tho nows that vory Important Information had boon roooivod privately, rotating to a splondid find mado on tho Mount Morgan North Gold Mining Com pany's proporty, whioh adjoins tho famous " mountain oi gold." Tho ofiioial informa- tion is vory meagre as yot, but Mr William Dawson, ono of the dirootors, loft por stoamor for Mount Morgan last night, nnd (tho fall nature of tho find will probably bo known in a day or so. Tho result of priyato informa tion, jioivover, was of such a natpro (hat safos of largo paroola wore mado yesterday, a looal bank managor being, it is said, on tho strength of private information from Mount Morgan, tho buyor of 1000 sorip In ono pnrool. Tho wire roooivod by tho dircotore on Friday from tho manager, notified having out throe feot into tho lodo, and lator privato intolll- gonco assorts that tho lode is tho oontinuanoo of tho ono now boing worked by tbo Mount Morgan Company, whioh is said to carry 180oz to tho ton in plnooB. Tho oompany was formed sovoral months ago, in n modest way, by Mr Thomas Millor, at ono time ownor of tho Maryborough Blip, nnd tho mining leaso takon up was immediately adjoining tho Mount Morgan on its northern side. Large sums of monoy had beon previ ously spent upon tho ground, and mnny shafts had boon sunk, some to a good depth, but it was apparent tbat tho work had not boon carried out in a successfully systemalio man ner, A numbol-of local mon agreed to form a company, nnd took up shares, tho bnlanco boing hold in Mount Morgan. Tho Board of dirootors oonsiat mostly of Maryborough pooplo, but two of tho number aro residents of tho Mount, Tho company agreed upon a plan of work, and nftor plaoing an onglno up on tho ground, the work of baling and clean ing out of tho abandoned shafts was oom- menood shortly before tho OhriBtmos holi days, and the work of orosB-outting for tho lodo only proceeded 13 foet, whon tho managor wired aB above. It Is to bo hoped that tho venture Is aspuooessful as appear- arises indloato, for if so it moans that a share of tho wealth whioh has mado Mount Moreno famous will bo onjoyed by local pooplo, and tho proporty booomo un important addition to tho mining properties of tho oolony rrho Mr Thomas Miller reforrodto, who is mana gor of tho mine, is tho fnthor of sr t Palmer, of tho " Corals" Gooburrum. En, The labour sohoonor Roflericlt Lhu owned by Mr. 11. Cran nnd Captain T ODwyor, IcavoB Maryborough to-dav on a recruiting onfiso to tho South Son islands. Captain T. H. Switzer again oailu in com mand of tbo Rodorick Dhu, Mr. A. O. Cecil proceeding ns Government Agont. f About 01 return boys aro to bo takon bnok ' to thotr Islands by tho Itodoriok. Sho Is ollartorod for n full oomnlomont and will roornit ilVr, tbe Solomonvgroup,— -Chronicle, A. 