'TRUTH'S' TROUBLES. I (Canlinaeii /rom preview page.) JOHN DEEBLE'S OPINION, Jolin G Deeble said he knew the plaintiff, lie had had business transactions with him ia connection with Beach. He was the manager for Beach while ho waa champion. Ihs reputation of Handera was not much gojd. He should say It was bad. FURTHEREVIDENCECF CHARACTER Michael Thomas Kelly, an Albury resident, deposed that he knew the plaintiff Manders ; his reputation was not a very favorable one at Albury ; he had seen him bookmuking at 1'lemington, aud taw him mixed up in a row there afterwards. Mr Garland : I object to that. His Honor : No, we cannot go into that Denis Fiaacls O'liaran, D. D., said he was administi,. tot at St Mary's Cathedral ; in tbat capacity he took a prominent part in the Australian i-air recently held there ; in go doing he came into contact with the ' plaintiff ; he Was engaged with a new that , he might be employed in the matter of look in; after advertising ; it was arranged that a newspaper should be published in connec tion with tbe fair ; tbe paper was called the ? rit Mary's Cathedral Gazette.' It was filled chiefly with advertisements which Manders obtained. 1 Mr Norton asked whether these advertise ments increased the funds of the fair. Bis Honor disallowed the question. ? ^ jii Norton : What, then, waB Mandirs' general reputation? That is a difficult ques tion. i His Honor : Ton must give evidence of i tho reputation Manders is held in by the general community. ;i Witness : 1 avoided making inquiries. ? Mr Norton : Could you say whether his reputation was good or bad ? Witness : I could not nay it was good from what reached me. John George Cohen produced papers in connection with the appointment of Manders to the Commission of the Peace. (The documents were 'put in' as evi- dence.) Robert Henry Ward, a photographer, re- siding in Sydney, deposed that he was an exhibitor at the Diamond Jubilee Carnival ; he had business transactions with Manders ; his general reputation was bad, according to what everyone dinned in his ears. To Mr Garland : It was some months ago that he heard that Manders' reputation was bad. John Murray, collector, said he knew Man- ders in Melbourne, and his general reputation there was bad. AN ALBURY JOURNALIST'S VIEWS. W M Sherrie, a journalist, part prdirietor ot the Albnry 4 Daily News,' deposed fciat he knew the plaintiff ; he knew his reputation -well ; it was that of an adventurer ; a para site of society. Mr Norton : We are getting biological now. Witness (continuing) ; Unfortunately, he had business transactions with Manders ; his firm printed ' Table Talk ' for Manders, and they held dishonored bills of Manders to the extent of £330. Mr Norton : And you are prepared to gar nishee the verdict he may gat here? -Laaghter.) Yes. Do you feel very joyful abont it ? Not excessively so. Witness (continuing) : Manders had not threatened him with a libel action. He had republished tbe alleged libel from Tbuth. Cross-examined by Mr Wise : His opinion of Manders in his capacity of editor ?of the 'Daily News' was similar to that ?which he had given iu the witness box. Mr Wise read a highly laudatory paragraph concerning the establishment in Albury of Manders' business of a telegraph agent, which appeared in the 'Dally News,' Witness ad Kitted the publication, but explained that the paragraph was written by Manders him telf. At that time they knew very little About Manders, and had to take him on trust. WitaeBS could not say bow long it was after Manders went to Albury tkat Manders Was a parasite of society, After his re- examination the witness vol anteered a statement to his Honor that the evidence given by Mr Wilkinson on the previous day to the effect that he instigated snd organised tbe agitation against Manders' Appointment as a magistrate, was incorrect, *£he matter merely came under his notice in Sis capacity as a newspaper conductor some \ime after its initiation. the writer of the articles. Frantr. Corlette. professional shorthand T7riter nlld journalist, deposed that he was the wri ter of the alleged libel. He had known Manders fox eighteen years. He first knew Manders in Melbourne. Witness was at that time on the Melbourne ' Herald ' and the ' Age.' He would have to speak of Man ders' refutation in very strong language. Among 'pressmen he was known aB a 'damned', scoundrel/ He bad not spoken to Manders more than half a dozen timeB. He suggested the articles, and then he learned tbat the e.ub-editor had previously talked the matter over with Mr Norton, of which he knew nothing. Mr Norton : In fact, tibe ghost of Manders \- was hanntis g Tbuth. In tpeakfjtg of the opinion of the Mel bourne and Sydney journalists, Mr Corlette ; said it was tbe unqualified statement of all the newspaper men who knew anything of Manders, that lie was a ' damned scouudreL' J He had no ill-feeling at all against Manders, personally, and was only induced to suggest \ and write the articles from purely public | spirited motives. I Mr Wise, In reply to his Honor,,.* aid he had | no questions to ask Mr Corlette. | The witness, in answer to bus Honor, f described his literary connection with the I * Pharmaceutical Journal of AustralWia,' the | 'Pharmaceutical Era,' of New York, and the l 'Chemist and Druggist' of Australasia | (branch of the ' Chemist and Druggist ' of I Great Britain). He said further in uMiswer I to bis Honor that he was not a fixed .mem I ber of XftiTTH staff, because he reservea' the | right to condnct his profession as a «h prt i band writer ; his position on the staff of I Truth was more correctly defined as a rc | \ainei from Mr Norton lac all shorthand ? Work and special articles. ii Ibis closed Mr Norton's case. | EVIDENCE IN REPLY FOR PLAINTIFF I Superintendent Bd. Creagh, of tbe Police I Department, said, in reply to Mr Garland, I that be was instructed by the Government, I to xo&ke; inquiries into Manders' antecedents I and general fitness to hold the Commission ^EDPT. RICH A KU CREAGH jK Jf the Peace. Tbat was after Manders bad 9 town recommended. He mado careful in A qulriettit the citizens al Albnry, and heard nothing against Manders' character. He en ; doracd the recommendation to put Mandera | on the Commission of the Peace. Witness asked Mr Thompson, of Mate and Co, to name one instance in which he knew Manders' character to be bad, and Mr Thomp son replied he could not. He knew a man named Kelly in Albury : he was known as 'gentleman Kelly.' His Honor : That's rather a good recom mendation. Mr Norton : Manders was convicted of running a sweep. Yon made an inquiry into Manders' charac. ter ? Yes. Did you make it yourself ? No, I got the sergeant to do it. It was only a routine inquiry. Did you ever receive a complaint from the police department that the inquiry was not thorough enough and waB conducted in a lax way ? No. Did not the Inspector-General send a minute to you stating tbat yon had not given the matter the consideration necessary, and that he had it from an authoritative source that Manders seemed to 'be nothing but a gambling tipster 1 tie did, and 1 sent it back, and told him that he was misin formed. Did you ask any of the clergymen in Albury about Manders' character ; fro. Can you give the names of any respect able persons who were consulted? No ; I sent the sergeant to make t'ue inquiries. THE DEMOCRATIC O'SULLIVAN £ W O'Sullivan, M.P., said he had known Manders for abont 20 years. He t:new his reputation pretty well for the last. 5 years. He gave Manders a testimonial to Mr Daw. Ae far as witness knew his reputation was good. He was not aware he was a gambler or a parasite on society. He knew that Manders supported his brother's children. Mr Norton ; How do yoa know that ? He told me so. Is tbat all your authority ? YeB. Did he canvas for advertisements for that little pamphlet ci yonrs recently ? Yes. Did he charge yon anything for that ? No. Do yon know anything of bis career in Albary ? Not beyond his connection with a newspaper there. He gave a tisstimanial to the plaintiff as being competent to take tbe management of the Australian Fair. He knew he was competent because he carried on the exhibition at Albury and had con ducted a telegraph agency ; be knew of nothing discreditable about that agency ; he knew nothing of his own knowledge against the agency. He believed he endorsed a recommendation to place Manders on tjhe Commission of the Peace, How did you come to make that re commendation ? I gave it voluntary. } ou gave it voluntary 1 Did you wake up one morning and say : ' I'll go and recom mend Manders for a J P-tliip 7 No ; someone asked me. Who asked you— was it Mr Lyne ? No, it was Manders himself in the first instance. Manders seems to be a magnetiaer for yon ? I do not know. JDo you mean to say that because he comes to you and asks yon to eudorse a recommen dation, you, as a legislator and the keystone of the Democratic Arch, acceded to it ? 1 did so from my general knowledge of his character and ability. You thought he was fittobeaJ.P? I saw no reason why 1 should uot nominate him. | Do yon know if Mr W J Lyne, the Leader of the Opposition, recommended him ? 1 be lieve he did. Yon were a member of the Committee of St Mary's Cathedral Australian Fair ? YeB ; I recommended him to that. PROTECTIONIST CHANTER M.P. J M Chanter, M L A, said he was one of the vice-presidents of the Diamond JubSee Charity Carnival. Manders was employed at per cent ou tbe profits and a salary of £3 weekly. Manders had nothing to do with the gate receipts. He visited Albary Ofl., behalf of , the committee of the carnival and communicated with various leading people about Manders. Mr Norton : That was after the appearance of the first article ? YeB. How long were you making the inqniries at Albury ? I spent one hour in Albury . prosecuting inqniries. Wbo did you see 7 The station master, the lessee of the refreshment rooms,' and others whose names he could not recall. What inquiries did you make with regard to Manders' general reputation ? My con clusion was that the writer of the article . had been misinformed. Were Mr Nelkin's statements borne ont ? No. I Subsequent to your report did the com | mittee pass a resolution of confidence in | Manders ? Yes. Did yon make a special journey to Albnry to make these inquiries ? No. , You were simply journeying 7 Yes, to Melbourne. And yon stopped on the platform to make the inquiries ? Yes. This was an inquiry in which a pnblic charity was concerned ? Yes. Y ou have been a Cabinet Minister 7 Yes. For how long ? Two months. And you hope to be one again 7 Neither you nor 1 can read the future. Mr Norton : It's a good job For yon we can't. You knew that this matter oi Man ders' status concerned the public charities ? It waa on that account 1 felt it my duty to make the inquiries ; 1 wrote to the superin tendent of police aud Mr Wilkinson. You didn't go into the township to see any of the residents ? No. Yoa made the inquiry al fresco on the railway station ? Yes. Did the carnival committee express them selves satisfied with your report ? Yes. Yoa told them haw you conducted the in quiry 7 I did. As a legislator and Cabinet Minister, do yon consider that iB the way to conduct an inquiry about a person against whom grave aspersions have been cast ? Yes. If you were going to employ a person of that kind, wonld you consider in tbe interest of a business partner that inquiry would be sufficient? let Did Mayor Ives take any interest in the affairs of the carnival committee ? 1 only saw bim there once. Apart from, the carnival, wbat do you know about Manders? Nothing; 1 did not know bim before that. DETECTIVE HINDS' OPINION Detective Alex. Hinds said be knew Maulers at the Adelaide Exhibition, aad should say bis reputation was good from what he saw of bim ; be bad not seen much of him since. , Mr Norton : Do yoa know me f Yes. Do yen know my paper 7 1 oi. Have I made yon the subject of severe comment? Yes, very often. Did yon ever threaten to giva me a hiding 7 So. Didn't I threaten to shoot yon 7 On my oath I did not threaten you. Will you swear you didn't tell Mr Ramsay, my accountant, that you wonld give me a | a damned good hiding ? No. L Didn't 1 publicly threaten yon that 1 \ -would defend myself by shooting yon 7 Yon did so. William Mount, advertising agent, stated t Vat he had known Manders in Melbourne, a vi bis reputation was good. He did not. ti. Vk the plaintiff had ever done any pencil ling V AINTIFF GOES INTO THE BOX. All « rt Staines Manders, the plaintiff, de posed 1 hat be was in business for 21 years in Melboi u UB* He carried on the Manders' j Teleera u. Agency.. He went insolvent ia Kelbon; n a in 18o8 ; at that time ue was iu Dartnersi d 0 with his brother. Tue in- j solvency * « caused by partnership debts, from whu s 1 he thought be was tree. At Aibnrir he i « Brted a telegraphic agency. His connection » 'th the Kobin Hood sweeps wa* that lie shoi A d manage tue advertising and printing, an d get 26 per cent. He le-t Albury a mc W k »fter thB exhibition ciosed. The fcrst emp tyment he got In Sydney was in connection '''h the Australian Fair. Afterwards he w »s appointed manager of the diamond jMilee Carnival. He pro ducedjieBUBionlakVl'rom.a large number of exhibitors at the Adelaide Exhibition, where he had exhibits. He also produced a testimonial, signed by John Wilkin son, on behalf of tbe committee of ' the Albury Mechanic's Exhibition. No one had ever told him that the Bobin Hood sweeps were a swindle. He never laid a bat in his life. With reference to the engagement of Beach for the Alfred Park Lagoon thirteen i years ago, he acted as servant of a com mittee. The committee paid the expenses of Beach and his trainer to Melbourne, and tben Beach refused to row, to tbat he did not get his money. THE DIAMOND JUBILEE CARNIVAL. He received £88 from the Diamond Jubilee Carnival. He worked four months for that. The statement in the alleged libel that there were no responsible boo. treasurers or finance committee to the carnival were not true. There was no truth in the allegation tbat be was acting dishonestly in connection with the carnival. He had not left a masB of unpaid deots in Albury in connection I with the Exhibition. In June he called to see Norton at his office abont the carnivaL | He asked him to give a paragraph about the show. He then had a conversation with him. In a subsequent conversation Norton told him if he got rid of two men on the com mittee be would boom the show, otherwise he would knock it to pieces. He was in Tbuth office two weeks before the first attack on him appeared. He asked whether the carnival advertisement had been received and the manager complained tbat they only liad a small advertisement on the previoiu week. A FLAT CONTRADICTION. Mr Ramsay the accountant at Tbuth office gave this statement about ' only having a small advertisement' a fiat and positive con tradiction. Mr Ramsay explained that he had no occasion to speak to Manders on the subject at all, for the advertisements came direct from tbe Carnival Committee through Gordon and Gotch, Manders bad no control of them, MANDERS UNDER CROSS EXAMINATION. Mr Norton : What is your profession ? A telegraph agency Is that wbat you call a profession ? It's a business. Have you got that agency now ? No. When did you la$t carry it on ? In 1893 or 1894. What were you doing prior to that 7 I was managing Manders.TatteraaU's Club, in Melbourne. Wbat sort of a club was that P A number of leading gentlemen formed themselves into a committee, Name some of them 7 Mr H T Sutton, of the Melbourne Harbor Trust, was one, and Mr Tom Lempriere was another. Were they leading Melbourne citizens? Yes. I CRONK CLUB CAPERS. Mr Norton questioned the plaintiff at ex haustive length about ' cronk ' practices at Manders- Tattersall's Club in Bourke-street, Melbourne, In reapect of the posting of mis leading information respecting the winners of races. This ' cronk ' business was styled 'tat information' and led to wholesale deception. The witness denied that any such 'cronk' practices were ever carried on at the club, or tbat people were ever de ceived by telegraphic news of unplaced borses as winners. He also denied any knowledge of similar telegraphic trickery at Manders agency in King-street Sydney. He asserted that his brother had charge of that business, and that he himself bad little acquaintance with it. He also denied any knowledge of Billy Lees, the well- known sporting man, aud was innocent of the fact that his own telegraph agency was conducted in premises rented from Mr Lees. He swore tbat be had never approached Billy Lees and Co, suggesting that he (Manders) should post in his office faked telegrams as ' first information,' and then induce people to immediately ruBh into Lees betting rooms and back the horses. He had never done such a thing, and was not turned out of the premises by Lees because he proposed such a Bwindle on con dition tbat he should share the money thus received from deluded backers. The plain tiff simply denied everything. MANDERS' ' TABLE TALK.' ' Mr Norton then devoted tbe beBt part of an hour to cross-examining A Staines Manders about the conduct and tone of the 'scurvy society Albury rag,' known as ' Table Talk,' which he published in Albury a few years back, and had an inglorionB death after j a twelve months' existence. Manders ad- I mittel that Mr Wilkinson, the butcher at Albnry, gave him a thrashing for publishing something about him. He said it was printed for him by Mr Sherrie, to whom he Rtill owed £33U. Plaintiff denied that it was bis practice to scandaionsly libel respectable itizens of Albury. It was not his habit to send paragraphs in type proof to sporting men in Sydney and Melbourne, with threats that if they did not advertise in 'Table Taik' he wonld insert the matter. On one occasion he did write to a Sydney sporting man, enclosing him particnlars of charges made against him, but he only wrote to ascertain the truth or otherwise of tne state ments. THE J.P. PETITIONS— FOR AND AGAINST MANDERS. The next topic of interest was the petitions forwarded to the Government for and against Handera' appointment to the Commission of Peace. He didn't know who suggested that he should be a J.P. Did yon ask Mr Lyne, the Leader of the Opposition to recommend you for a J.P-ship ? I don't think I did. Did you ask Mr O'Sullivan to recommend you? Yes, I did. Can yon name one prominent Albury resident who recommended yon ? No. ' Did M r Lyne recommend yon ? Y es. Whieh of the two petitions carried the more representative names? The one in favor of me. Did the Magistrates at Albnry sigh the petition against yon ? Yes, some of them. Did you ever sit on the Bench ? No. Ths petition signed against me was hawked abont Albury by a drunken loafer named Hoben. It was signed by swagmen. Mr. Norton pressed his questions upon the subject of the signatures, and Manders was compelled to admit that no swagmen'i names were attached to the document signed against him. MANDERS' INCOME. Questioned about hii income for the last twelve months, Manders said he got £120 from the Albury Mechanic' Institute Sxhi- ' bition and £88 from the Diamond Jnoilee Charity Carnival. Out of those monies he I | had supported hi* mother,, bis wife, his brother's five children and himself, and bad travelled about for the Albury Bxhlbition. i Do you expect the jury to believe that? Well, 1 had other monies ; I made commis sions now and then ; my income has varied, considerably of late years, ST MARY'S AUSTRALIAN FAIR. Ilr Norton aroused considerable interest and surprise in the court by producing Manders' manuscript of an article reflecting seriously an the Australian fair conducted in aid of St. Mary's Cathedral Building Fund. It was prepared by Manders while he was in the employ of tbe Fair Conmittee and was headed : THB GRAND (?) AUSTRALIAN FAIR. LI HUNG CHANG DR 0*HABAN.t « THK GAMBLING SCHOOL FO& IN FANTS. THB HOMB OF THB SPINNING JENNY. Mr Norton : Did you send me this manu script for publication in Teuth ? Yes; I did to at your request. Was it published in Tbuth? . I don't know. If I requested it, why was it not pub lished? 1 can't say. Do you swear that I requested you to write me such a thing? Yes ; you published even worse abont the Fair from ' Ha'nsar 1.' I published worse from ' Hansard,' how i» it that I did not publish this staff? 1 don't know. You were in the employ of the Fair wbea J ! yon wrote or dictated that discreditable article? Yes. Did you consider it an honorable thing to do ? . You asked me to do it. When J saw J it was not published I asked you the reason why and you said, ' I'm under tbe ban of the Court now, and if I published it 1 would be under the ban of the Church.' On your oath sir, did 1 ever breathe such a thing? Yes. Is that as trne as all your evidence ? Yes. Why did you say just now ' i don't know whether or not it was published in Tbuth' and then almost immediately after use the words, ' 1 asked yon why yon did not pnbiisb it?' ' I was not sure if it wan published. Have I ever spoken more than once with you in the last four years ? Yes, several times. A FEW ODDS AND ENDS Mr Norton : Are there any judgements against you now ? I don't think so Are you sure ? Yes, there is one by Wright, Heaton and Co. Any others? No. Are there any of yonr dishonored cheques about Sydney ? I don't know. Do y-u swear you don't know ? There might be one or two. Have you bad any transactions with Mr Usher, of the Metropolitan Hotel I Yes. Did he denounce yon in the public bar as a damned scoundrel ? No Did you not get a cheque.from Mr.Ushei for £111 ? He gave me his cheque for £;i. What became of it I It was lost and jpa y- ment was stopped. .Did you ask him for another 7 Yet. And got it I Yes, oa a guarantee. Was that first cheque he gave you ever cashed ? Yes, it was cashed at (ioulburo. Bo that both of Mr Usher's cheques were cashed ? Yes. THE JUBILEE CARNIVAL PROCEEDS. Mr Norton : What amount did the Jubilee Carnivals realise 1 Slightly ®v»r £2000; What did the expenses amount to? £1100. So that 50 per cent went in expenses.' Yes. Exactly 53 per cent was swallowed in ex penses ? Yes. What did tbe advertising, printing, and commissions on same amount to ? £302, Who got the commission ? 1 got £26, and Gordon, the secretary, got £25: The Jnbilee Carnival means that the charities benefitted to the extent of 8s Id in the £ of tbe money realised 1 \ e«, Did you recently advertise for a house maid? No; I never advertised in my life for a housemaid. Do yon know Miss Beatrice Allen ? No. Did you not see her at Manly ? No. Now I warn you to be careful— uid you not advertise for a house-maid and meet a Miss Allen aa the result to that advertisement, yonr address being the G P O ? Never in my life. MR NORTON'S ADDRESS TO THE JURY, Mr Norton : May it please your Honor and gentlemen of the Jury — I deem it my aaty to apologise for the great length of time taken up with the evident in this case. My business with the plaintiff to day, has undoubtedly occupied much of the time of the court, and the only exense I feel called npon to offer for that unconscionably long cross-examination, is, tbat I am at the mercy of Counsel opposed to me. The conduct of plaintiff's ca;e bas been something truly remarkable. The plaintiff was not put into the witness box in the early part of the case as he should bave been, but kept back till the very last, used only by way of rebuttal so as to defeat me in calling evidence to impeach his statements. Counsel, in view of my plea of ' not guilty,' have employed all their subtlety and ingenuity against me in order to shut ont evidence in reply to the plaintiff. But the best witness a man can have in his own behalf is himself. The primary witness that one should offer iu vindication of his oWn character— if he knows it to be good, and true, and unim peachable, and capable of easy vindication is himself. What do we Bee here 1 The man who feels aggrieved and seeks to obtain damages for alleged injury of character aud reputation, shirking the very responsibility charged upon hit bead. 1 claim I have facilitated the labors of yon gentlemen in coming to a true appreciation of the facts of this case, by my insistance ou the plaintiff en tering the witness box. I have had opposed to me here three learned connsel,and whatever may have been my shortcomings, you will, at least, give me credit for having done my best. The learned cjunsel Mr Wise, a very learned aad subtle gentleman, is indeed a Protean advocate. He takes one duty in tbis Court, aud the very opposite in the Court next door. While capable, by his ability and versatility, of advocating in another court the right of the newspaper press to expose and denounce the coiner, he it, by flitting between the two seats of justice, alt-o here to tell you that it is no part of the functions of the Press— that may legally and morally and with out justification expose the coiner— to. expose and denounce a bogus philanthro pist. Understand, gentlemen, 1 make no appeal for mercy. The plaintiff Madders sitaer has or has not a character to be damaged,and under the Constitution 1 am at libertr to please myself how I plead. A plea of justification is one that saddles a de tendant With enormous expense and re sponsibility. Witb regard to'the insinuation of tbe learned Counsel that you are bound on my plea of not guilty to find for the plaintiff, I say that if I have peen able to satisfy you gentlemen that this man Manders is not a person of good reputation, that he it not a man who can come lorward and say to the people, ' Here am 1, and on the strength of my reputation I claim your charitable alms on behalf of ths starving poor,' if 1 bave proved that his reputation dies not justify i that amount of public confidence, I have made out my case, and 1 claim your unqualified verdict. What it it 1 contend for t 1 appeal to Mt Wise and each of the learned counsel; I appeal to the csmmon sense of the plaintiff to his Honor, and to each of you, gentlemen, and ask what more sacred cause than tbat of charity are the courts of law ever called npon to vindicate? We will not allow shady individuals to tamper with that sacred thing — Charity I No one, I venture to say, more truly recognises this than hit Honor, Mr Justice Oohen, who is closely and inti stately associated with the beneficent cause ol trne charity. It is for you, gentlemen, to Uj whether or not tbe plaintiff is the type of man Who can be legitimately and honor ably associated and class d in tbe same category of philanthropy at his Honor Mr Justice Cohen. It almost seems a pity that defendants in actions like this cannot nail their Honors as witnesses. Mr. Wise : They can. Mr Norton : Yes, they can do things that are not well to be done. Then I most ask yon gentlemen to take the opening remarks addressed you by the learned Counsel with a considerable grain of talt. He had the professional temerity to tell yon that on the pleadings you ate bound to find a verdict for the plaintiff. I tell you, suoject to Hit Honor's correction, that that it not the law. While it is the province of the judge to tell you what his opinion of it may be, what j the effect of the evidence upon his mind may be, and what are tne impressions con veyed to his reasoning faculties and judicial sentiments as to the nature of the allegjed libel, he wili tell you that you are my sole and absolute judges. You are bonnd to find no verdict but that which your honest con science directs upon the faote before yon and the demeanor of the witnesses. Yon are ths sole judges of libel or no IibeL His Honor will tell yon wbat deduct.onB may be drawn and subject to the direction of the court you are sole and nnal judges. If 1 may without any charge of presumption, 1 will say you are the judge*. His Honor is nottbejndge to-day. He it your adviser, assessor and director, bnt the constitution «ives yun tne sole and arbitrary right to say —libel or no IibeL I challenge the learned counsel to tay you are not the jndgea. Let me tell you that you gentlemen are not to be drawn off the track by insidious insinua tionsor innuesdos that may appear derogatory or disparaging in this case. I say it With all confidence and respect, yon, and yon alcne, are the absolute judges of the case. Does the p.aintiff posit^ss a character that can be damaged by anrthlng 1 have published of him / Yon cannot find a vcrjict for tbe plain titi unless you are satisfied that 1 have been actuated by malice. I quite understand the invidious distinction that will be offered foi your consideration. It will be told you tbat malice does not necessarily consist in a personal animus. It may consist in the pub lication ot something untrue, whether the publisher or the writer ot it knew that it was untrue or not, The law holds respon sible those who publish such things. 1 take the onus of all that upon mysell. Have I not r,j a mass of unimpeachable testimony satisfactorily and suificieatlT shown you, gentlemen, that you ought to return a verdict in my favor ? The verdict that will vindi cate the right of tue Press to put down such men as Manders whenever they intrude themselves by daring to pose as promoters of charitable organisations ; daring to stand upon the same benevolent pedestal as those who have a gen .ine and honorable interest in tbe deserving poor, and desire to see the unfortunate members of the com munity succored in a proper manner. It is for you to show by your verdict tbat these peregrinating professional philanthropists suould be criticise! and denounced. Strange as it may appear, we are here to-day under tbe old Knglish laws of 100 yean ago ; laws tbat have .long since disappeared from tbe English Courts of Justice. Is the libel law of Sydney to-day as liberal as the present Knglish law ? ilo! it is not. Tbe innuen does of tbe learned counsel apply to tbe . state of the libel laws of Kugland 100 years a^o. To paraphrase ths ceieorated couplet of Mr Pulteney, once offered to sir Philip i orke, a celebrated Attorney -General in the time of the Georges aad afterwards J.ord Chancellor, let me say that tbe innuendoes thrown out by the learned counsel here, that you must find a verdict for the plaintiff) are offered with an insidious purpose For the wise Mr Wise He very weil knows, That bis iuuuendoei; No longer will serve him Iu vorse or in pro.e Fortwelve honest meu huve decided tlio cau«e, Who are judges alike of the fact and the laws. I know Lord Mansfield misquoted Pul teney's couplet. Mr Wise : That's what you say. Mr Norton : Ah I Lord Mansfield mis quoted the couplet.' I thought I would draw my learned friend into a little trap. His learned ill istrious career at Oxford won't serve htm here. 1 regret to see- my learned friend out of Parliament. I attribute his absence from the Legislative Assembly to his want of intelligence in under-estimating public opinion, in the very same sense and manner in which he has under-estimated the opinion of yon gentlemen here by telling you that on the plead ings you must give a verdict for the plaintiff. He is young yet — he may im prove. Lord Mansfield fought this question out with Lord Camden, and the latter triumphed because tbe introduction of Fox's Act into the Honseof Commons laid it down that juries Are the judges alike of the facts and the laws. And it is dne to me, owing to the interjec tion of tbe learned counsel, to show that with regard to Woodfail's trial, and tbe puolication of tbe celebrated letter of Junius, Lord Mansfield endeavored to lay it down that if publication alone were proved the plaintiff must uet a' verdict. Alter taking that view of the libel law Sir Philip Yorke cut his throat. 1 do not know if he was sane at the time. The interjection of tbe learned counsel here was scarcely bona fide, for I know him to be a classical scholar, and a man well read in the fundamental principles and history of the law. Lord Man field told the jury 'that they ex clusively were to determine whether the meaning of the innuendoes, as alleged in the indictment, were proved.' Now, 1 am going to show you that Lord Mansfield' misquoted the last line of the ingenious ballal by twisting it to re ;d : ' Who are judges of fact though not judges of Uws.' Is that not the reasonable reading of it ? It coincides with our modem day opinions of common sense. Probably the learned coun sel may ingeniously attempt to say that I am wrong, but 1 do, subject to the correc tion of the court, say that there has never yet lived a lawyer ingenious enough to say what a libel is. That was the great constitu tional question. Unless you are firmly of opi nion that 1 have gone out of my way through tome malignant motives to puolish the libel, yon are bound to give me the benefit of the doubL. l'here are lew men abont whom 1 have written so mnch and with whom 1 have had eo little contact as Manders. His facial expression and the tone of his voice never prompted me to cultivate his acquaintance. 1 contend that I have, prima raoie, some ground for whit i.have written abont this man. Here we are confronted with tbe sacred canse of charity. Are we to allow every adventurer who comes along to make a living out of charity. My office ia Pat street is a sort of labor bureau for applicants seeking relief in one way or another, and 1 ass .re you there it no tubject which in terests me more than charity— nothing upon which 1 have so vindicated myseD as tbe cause of the poor and- deserving peopie of this community. I should like to see Man durs earning an honest living, Why should 1 go ont of my w iy to damage a' man who is trying to honestly help public charity ? Will you net give . me credit for common sense, t - know that I cannot unwarrantly and wituout a semblance of a pretext, withont justification, go out of my way to denounce and expose a man who is working in the sacred cause of charity ? You will give me credit for sufficient common sense to realise tnat had I recklessly and malignantly at tacked a man's private character, I would deserve (Certain condemnation. What ever I may have known of him, I knew of nothing bad or good that would have inclined me to attack him if 1 thought hit connection with charity movements wonld have been to tbe public good. I have attacked greater mea tuan Manders, and I hope I shall be spared to tackle much greater men. I say that to im press yoa that 1 make no appeal for mercy. Do you gentlemen- think that the plaintiff is a man who should have any prominent part in the organisation of a public charity 7 Tbat he is the sort of man who is worthy to have a share in the promotion of to-called charity? It a man like this the kind of person in ' whom we are to place ou con fidence in tht collection of money for tbe poor people 7. , Because 1 have dared to de nounce this professional charity-monger as a man unfit to manage apublio carnival, got up to alleviate distress, am 1 to suffer punishment in tbe shape of damages? if you gentlemen believe be is a person who should even touch the fringe of the sacred gar mentof charity, then give him your verd.ct, but if, on the other hand, yon decide that he is not the man to have the control of such a benevolent . publio function, and that bit character does not inspire public confidence, then yon are bound by all that is good and honorable to give me your verdict. I say I am not libelling a man of reputable charac ter. I look you in the face and I repeat, * 1 am not gnilty I' It has been proved to your satisfaction that he does not possess a character that conld be libelled uy those tiro, artioles. 1 contend that I am entitled to every consideration at yonr hands from tbe hi*!), honorable and unimpeachab.e character and prestige of . my witnesses. Take one witness alone— William Beach — and I am willing to rest my case in your bands oa his tole evidence. They, knew I was going to call him and they had him in the box. Hit reputation for veracity stands high in thit community. Refer back to thatraoe on the rarramatta Kiver when the Canadian claimed a foul ia the'oonrte of tbe champion race through the proximity to him of tbe tteamer 1'omkL Whose version was accepted as the correct one? Plain, honest Ueach't woKWusquettioaably 1 Wil liam Beach waa prepared in that box on Monday last to give ait reasons for denouno ,ipg Manders as a man of bad repute. Other w messes were prepared to do the tame. I will slake Beach's word as aa honest man against Manders' amy da j aad before any. jury and claim yonr verdict. Not one word | was asked Beach by the learned counsel opposed to me ; and then you are told tbat bectuse 1 didn't plead justification you must give your verdict against me. I always plead at I think the circuaistanccs of the case warrant. Whatever your verdict may be — and God knows 1 have not the slightest inkling of your views in tbe matter, and have never, to my knowledge, seen any one of you before — I tell you plainly that I do act wish to villify any man's private character. 1 am'fighting tor the rights of the people aud in tbe conduct of my paper I am claiming no consideration for the press and myself as editor and pro* prletor of Truth than I would claim irom a private citizen. This man Manders bas not the shred ot a reputation. In the witness* box his evidence, is extraordinary. In one breath he relates alleged conversations with an encyclopaedic memory and in tue ni-xt his mindis a blank as to who among the residents of Albury recommended him for the commis sion of the Peace. He tells yoa gentlemen regarding his article on tbe St vfary's Am tralian Fair that 1 said ' 1 was already under the ban of the Court, and did not want to be under the ban of tbe Cburch.' Now, is there any logiual coherence or appearance of truth in the plaintiff's evidence on that point 1 . was never under the baa of the Coirt in' my life ; 1 have submitted myself to the Conrt and have triumphed over tbe attacks ol eca.*- , w vss, calumniators, cuncocters, and conspira tors against Society. I am lighting iu New ' South Wales ths oattle that was fought in Kniland years ago by Tom i'ayae; Cobbett, 1 and Hone. I ask yon to say that this mau ? is a ca.o i.niator and ooncocter ot calumnies, when he tells you that 1, an Kugiisbman. ; born in the South of England and a member of the Anglican Churcb, was afraid to be under the oan of the Catholic Ch arch. I do not witth to raise the slightest religious prejudice, but Iu view of the audacious statements made by tue plaintiff 1 am bound to tell you tbat i glory in uy birth as an Hnglishmaa, and in my connection with the i Church of England. Wb;n 1 received that [ article from Manders and saw the reflections made npon the Rev Dr O' Haran, of St Mary's Cathedral, I instinctively ture it np, but knowing the man's character 1 was prompted to pick up - the pieces and paste them toge ther again. ' Fortunately, perhaps, i did eo, for in face of the repeated denials of the plaintiff to everyquestion likely to tell against bim, was it likely he woald have I acknowledged the authorship of this article [ uuIbbs I confronted him with it. Jt woald not suit my interests to criticise a charitable movement like that Australian Fair, aeitber would it suit my interests to criticise a Salvation Army charitable movement. Wat it not a damnable thing for Manders, while in the employ of that charitable organisation, to attempt to hold up to ridicule aa eccle siastical philanthropist like the Bev Dr. O' Haran? Ask yourselves if it Is not a curious jump for a betting man, a convicted sweep promoter, to suddenly develope into a philanthropist. He' it a man without any visible lawful means of subsistence, and to use the wardi of Mt Sherrie, he is 'aa adventurer and a parasite on society.' 1 stand here armed with the power of the pea, ready to honestly take the ' risks of my actions. I have a bigger 'stake in society than Mr Manders, and I have no wish to recklessly rna my head up against tbe reason and intelligence of twelve gentlemen who constitute the highest tribunal known to the Constitution of ting land, You gentlemen have ft absolutely ia yonr power to say wbether 1 am a scurrilous libeller aud have, gone out of my way to malign and traduce a man without a reputa tion. What I have done with respect to this man Manders I atn proud of duing, as a public citizen and a journalist, in the sacred cause . of charity, and I . claim yonr verdict on tbe grounds that he has absolutely failed to prove to your satisfaction that he is a man of good repute, but that 1 have succeeded in showing he is a person of bad character and wholly unworthy to be associated with honest and philanthropic citizens in the noble work of charity. Mr Wise made a lengthy address, going through tha alleged libiU and the evidence in detail ICR. JUSi'IOS uOHEN. Hit Honor, in summing up, said tbat to tke ' plaintiff's declaration- the defendant bad 1 plead*! 'not guilty.' That plea raised two ivues— first, whether the defendant pub- j lisbed the alleged libels. As. to that the publication wat admitted, and therefore ths | jury need not 'trouble themselves about that ; i bnt the material question was, 'Wets the j alleged libslt defamatory ?' If they were j the plaintiff was entitled to a verdict, aad it was for the jary to say what . the amount { should be. A libel meant the publication of i anything which held a person np to publio j ridicule, hatred, or contempt, and if the jury , thought tbe articles complained of did hold the plaintiff up to public ridicule, hatred, or ! contempt, they must find a Verdict for plitin- | tiff, the amount' of the damages being one ; entirely for them. The defendant, who bad taken charge of his own o^se, and exhibited a great deal of ability, had asked -him to Jay down the law to tne jury practically in these terms, namely, that ths jury aloae were the I judges of the facto, aad the law. That wat not so. Tbe jury were the judge* of the tacts, bnt they most take the law from the Judire, and so far at the jnry In tbeir judg ment thought that tha fact did or dld not Ur nj; the cau within the law of libel they would bring ia their verdict They tat there jutt.af the Judge did. at impartial arbiters ia this dispute, and they wefe appealed to by both parties, just as a Judge was, to exercise their judgment free from ty mpathy or prejudice and give their verdlet contcientiouily and honettly, withont tear or favor, according to what they as reasonable men might - determine. The defendant had not pleaded justifica tion, and that the articles were pub lished in the pnblic Interest, but he was entitled in mitigation of damages to eo into the history of the plaintiff in order to show to what extent be was entitled to a verd.ct. If a person in the bona-fide discharge of a grave pnblic duty published matters con cerning an individual whioh were in them selves ' defamatory, -he could come before a jnry under the law and tay, if he so pleaded? ? The itatements which I have made against the person involved in them are true, and they were published for the public benent.'. And if tbe jury saw that tbe itatements were true, and published for the pnblic benefit, defendant would be entitled to a verdict at their hands. Bnt the defendant had not pleaded justification and tbat they were published for the puulic benefit, and had timply pleaded ' not guilty,' and, tuerefjre, if the jury thonght the articles complained of were defamatory tbey most find a verdict for the plaintiff, with such damages as tbey might determine would meet the merits of the case. Hit Honor thea caretnlly reviews 1 the evidence. The jury retired at 2.30 p m., and at 1 o'clock sent in aa intimation that they wer tf prepared with a verdict by majority. Ibis,-, uowever, tbe parties would not accept. i A 8 o'clock thj jary announced that they were unanimous as to tha ?ertict titer should | give, bat tntre divided ayto tbe amount of damages. At halt-psut ? o'clock the jury were ajain called in, and. in answer to his Honor, said tbey still disagreed on tbe question of damages. After some deliberation the foreman an nounced tuat a majority of eleven to oue had decided oh damages. Con'd his Honor accept that. His Honor : Yes, I can accept an eleven to one majority. The Foreman: We find s verdict for plain tiff of 40s. ISt Wise : I now aak yonr Honor to certify for co-its. His Honor: Ye', Mr Wise, I must certify [ to Costa. Mr Wise : Thsnki, your Honor. 