A Ghost Story. Well, aftor throe or four seances Bolter used to be very nervous and unwilling to sloop alone, so I once wont with him to his one-roomed hut. We turnod into tho same bed. I was awakened later by a noise and movement in tho room. Found tho door open ; tho full moon streaming in, making light like day, and the place full of great big black dogs well, anyhow, there were ..four or" five I They wore romping about, seemingly playing. Ono jumped on tho bed, another' rubbed his muzzle on mine ! (the bed was low,-and I . slept outside). Now I never had anything but love for dogs o£ any kind, and as-" n'est ce pas ?"-love casts out fear, I simply got up, turned them all out, shut the door, and turned in again mysolf. Of course my idea was that they were flesh and blood, and I allude to physical fear. I slept, but was anew awakened by a ghastly feeling that tho blanket was being dragged and creeping off tho bed. I pulled it up again, but anow hogan tho slow movement of descent. Bather surprised, I pulled it up afresh and held it, and must have dozed off, as I suppose. Awoke, to> feel it being pulled again; it was slipping, slipping^ and then with a sudden, violent jerk it was thrown on the floor. ' "Il faut dire" that during^ all this I had glancod several times afc Bolter, who seemed profoundly asloop. But, now alarmed, I tried to wake him. In vain, ho slept like tho dead; his face, always a pasty white, now like marble in tho moon- light. Aftor some hesitation I put tho blanket back on tho bed and held it fast. The pulling at once began and increased in strength, and I, by this time thoroughly alarmed, put all my strength against it, and hung on like grim death. To get a better hold I had taken a. turn over ray head (or, perhaps, simply to hide), when suddenly I felt a pressure outside on my body, and a movement like fingers-they gradually approached my head. Mad with fear I chucked off the blanket, grasped a hand, gazed on it for a moment in silent horror, and threw it away. No wonder, it waa attached to no arm or body. ; it was hairy and dark coloured, the fingers were Bhort, blunt, with long, claw- like nails, aud it was minus a thumb. Too frightened to got up, I had ta stop in bed, and, I suppose, fell to sleep again, after frosh vain attempts to awaken Bolter. Next morning I told him about it. Ho said several men who had thus passed the night with him had seen this hand. " But," added he, " it's lucky you didn't have the big black dogs also." " Tableaux ! "-From "The Book of Dreams and ghosts," by Andrew Lang. 