ARE CATHOLICS ALLOWED TO BEAD THE BIBLE? To the Editor of the Nepcan Timet. Sir,—It seems unaccountable that any person able to read, or laying claim' to tbe •ruillost smattcr of education, should at Ibis period of the Church's history doubt about tin answer or call it' into question, If OatholioB were not allowed to read the Bible —if it bad been the will of the Ohurch to shut up the books of Scripture from the people, she bad nothing to do but leave tbera in tbe tongue3 in which tbey were originally written—Hebrew, Ohaldaio and Greek, which wero known only to the learned few. Instead of that wa find that from the times of the Apostles, translations wero made first of one book, then of another, into 'Latin,so that there was at least one ver sion, if not more, of the whole Bible in that language. The Latin then was the universal lauguage>o'fthe whole Western world. A Bible in Latin was the same to them as a Bible in English is now to lis. The Vulgate or Latin Bible, which we still use, was brought into its present form by St. Jerome in the 5th century, at the command of the then reigning sovereign Pontiff. If we come to a still later period we sball find the Churoh laboring to spread the knowledge of the Holy Scriptures, among her children. After the mighty power of Pagan, Rome had bowed and. fallen before the Bcourge of the Northern barbarians, her language!, too, in a short time ceased to be; the spoken tongue of. any nation, and be came what is c tiled a dead language. The Church alone kept it alive in her sacred: offices, and to some' extent, even at the! preientvdav. it is tlie medium of comqi.uni-; eation between the learned of various; nations. From its gradual blending with! the dialects of the conquering tribes, newj languages were formed, which, as time ad-1 vanced, developed into the copious andj pdished languaged of modern Europe.' Though for a time they may have been rude, and barbarious in their struoture, .so as to render written composition in them next to impossible; still, no sooner were they moulded into anything like form than we find in almost every instance the first nse made of them was for the translation of the Holy Bible, and its diffusion amongst the people. In the face of all this it is painful to think that we still are forced to listen to the stale worn-out oa'umny a thousand timei repeated, and as many tim«s refuted that " Oatholics are not allowed to read the Bible." This gross fabrication, tbis nauseating cant, tbis palpable and notorious falsehood, tliis infamous and unfading lie is stereo typed in books, lectures, and addresses, in speeches, sermons, and pamphlets throughout every quarter - of the British Empire, wherever''England's language is Bpoken, her power. felt, and her voice beard. It is without exoeption one of the most flagrant instances of unblushing imposition that has ever been practised on the- publio oredulity of any people at any period of Christian history. It is one of the widest calumnies that malignity has ever forged, and beyond comparison one of the most unprincipled lies that hatred to Catholicity has . ever promulgated. " Catholics not allowed to read the Bible ! " Catholics, the compilers and custodians of the Bible, without whosa.labora and super vision there would be no Bible to rant or boast or rave about! Catholic's not allowed to read the Bible 1 ''although our Church declares the contrary, our prieBts preach it, our pamphlets publish it, and our book sellers print it in their bills and pros pectuses. " Catholics not allowed to read the Bible I" Point out the Catholic worthy of the name who has not a Bible and who does not read it in his leisure moments. The whole world knows it, exoept some mesmerised dupes, whose ears are stopped and mouths are gagged, and eyes are blinded, by the grossest statements made contrary to a . fact palpable as the earth tinder their feet, patent to the obsdrver as the Nepean River that flows by our village^, and evident to the inquirer as a noonday sun in the summer's sky. >" Catholics not. allowed to read the Bi ble!" It seems incredible that so many people in every position of life, , in, every, class of sooiety, who, in,other matters could not think of crediting improbable tales or extraordinary statements j without rigid inquiry, when the moBt damning fabrications and unprincipled lies are uttered against the Catholio Church, they seem at once aban doned to so deplorable a state of mental helplessness, that they are unable to: make, any effort to Bee, inquire, or judge for them-. selves. No proofs are demanded. Catholics aro not asked for an explanation. . Anything no matter how absurd, revolting or prepos terous, imputed to the Church, must be true, and that settles the question. People for get that, to this, as well as to every othor charge or aoousation, there may^ be two sides, and hence the false impressions and erroneous notions in circulation about one of the most notorious facts on the whole face of Christendom. The only thing T can recollect at all approachiug this Biblical delusion, is the case of the man mentioned in Moore's " Gentleman in searoh of Religion." This rana took it into his head that he was made of fresh butter, and consequently oonld never be induced to go near the fire; and although his friends made every effort that .moral ingenuity oonld devise to cure him, ;hflCwi»jMo his grave impervious to every motive of persuasion. He died underground, shivering with cold and in deaily Tear lest hos'iviiU molt, either with the Ik at of the fire or rays of the sun" • ' The Catholic Oburfih, I repeat, does not) prohibit the reading of the Bible f if you ' will, she prohibits the private interpretation of the Bible, which is quite another thing altogether. For, as the most important truths in medicine, in jurisprudence, in physics, in mathematics, must be received from those who drinlc at the fountain head, so the same plan has been pursued by. the Catholic Church with respect to Christian ity, and wherever the departure from it has been wide enough society has been shaken to its foundation. Experience proves the danger of placing the Bible without note orcommentin the hands of all, under the pre text thateach should enjoy his liberty, anl.by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and g'.ft of infallibility, ' work out his salvation, following the .dictates of his passions or heated imagination. To appreciate the insanity of this principle, and to see how false and dangerous is the position which it has assumed with regard to the human mind, it is quite enough to have read the Soriptures with the eyes of a philosopher or a man of literature. Here, is a book which comprises, within a limited compass, a period of 4000 vears, and advances further by embracing the origin and destiny of man and the universe; a book which, .with the continued history of a chosen people, intermingles in its narrative the revolutions of mighty empires; a book which, side by sido with a description-of the magnificence of Eastern monarchs, describes. the plain domestic manners, the candor and innocence, of a young nation ; a book, in which historians relato, sag.es proclaim^their maxims of wisdom, Apostles preach and dootors instruct;. & book, in which prophets, under the influence of the Qivine Spirit, thunder against the errors and corruptions of tho people, and announce the vengeance of the God of Sinai; a book in which they pour forth inconsolable lamentations on 'the captivity of their brethren and tho desolation and Bolitude of their country, wherein they see before them, in moments of ecstacy, the events of society and catastrophes of nature, although veiled in mysterious figures and visions of obscurity; a book wherein are to be found all sorts of styles and all varieties' of narrative—epic majesty, pastoral simplicity, lyric .fire, Serious instruction, grave his torical detail, and lively _ and dramatic action : a b;ok, in fine, written at various; times, in various languages, in various countries, and under the most peculiar and extraordinary circumstances. Must not all' this confuse the heads of men who grope through these pages in the'dark, ignorant of climates, times, laws, customs and manners? They will be puzzled by allusions, surprised by images, deceived by expressions. What effect must 'all these circumstanoes produce on the minds of readers who believe that the Bible is an easy book, to be understood without diffi culty by all? If they b« permitted, to read without note or comment or authority to solve these difficulties, the unity of Catholic ism ceases. "New 3ects are formed—more Jumpers, Thumpers, Glassites, Dunkers, Shakers and Quakers. Each one, trusting to his individual inspiration, feels no diffi culty in attempting to explain the loftiest mysteries under the pretence or delusion that tho Bible is an easy book within the comprehension of all, and that the Divine revelations contained in it are clear to everyone. The Church consequently, whilst encouraging the faithful in. the study of the Holy Scriptures, lays down the rule that it must be done under the aegis of .authority with explanatory notes and oom? imentaries. Hallam, tbo Protestant historian of the (Middle Ages, writing on the state of sooiety during those medinval times,, tells us (Part II, page 804) that:—" In : the eighth and ninth centuries, when the Vulgate had ceased to be generally intelligible, there ia no reasou to Buspeot any intention on the part of the Church to deprive the laity of the Scriptures. Translations were freely made into the vernacular languages,, and perhaps read in Ohurcli, although the aots of Saints were generally deemed more instructive." Louis, the Debonair, is said to have caused a German version of the New Testament to be made. In. the eleventh and twelfth oehturies , we .find translations of the Psalms, Job., Kings an<T Macoabees into French. In England Venerable Bedo, a oanonized saint of the eighth century. translated various parts of.iSoripture , into ' Anglo Saxon, the language of the country. In tlie thirteenth century the whcile Bible was translated, after tlie^ Norman Conquest, Whilst yet the idiom of the oountry was in an unsettled sta^e—a mixture of Norman and Anglo-Saxon; That'' translation is still existing in the different oollege libraries of England. In Germany and Franoe during thbse' centuries various translations into the vernacular were made by the inoessant labor cf the Monks, many copies of which £re still extant. , The first use made by Catholics, after having, invented the print ing press, was to turn out various editions of the Bible in the. vernacular for the instruction and use of the laity. One hundred and ninety-eight editions were published for this people in their mother tongue before ever Luther's translation was dreamt of. There were 104 editions of the whole Bible. Of these 40 were in. Italian, 26 in Frenab, 10 in Flemish, 9, Spanish, 6 Bohemian, 1 Solavonio, and 80 in German. In all 646 editions of the Bible and portions of the Bible (in which 108 were in the" language of the laity) bad issued from ths press with the sanction and at the instance of the Oatholio Cburoh in the countries where she reigned supreme long years before there was a word > about Luther's version.- (See Chambers' En jjyclopasdia.) " The whole Bible," says Sir' Thomas More, " was translated into English loug before. Wiokliff's days, and well and reverently read by good and godly people with devotion and soberness." Himmalstur, the author of a devotional book in Germany, published in 1518, nays ; " Whatsoever Holy Church teaches, what soever thou hearest in sermons or readast in spiritual bonks, all thy prayers and sufferings in adversities should move thee to read the Holy Scriptures as they are now tranBlatad into the German language, and printed and scattered far and wide in ex ceedingly great numbers. Thou mayest have them now for little money." Anotherpriost in Basle, in 1514, says: " Thereforo I advise every sensible mau to read always the Holy Scriptures, that ho may know God his Master and Creator, for the grace which man may receive from God through the reading or hearing of the Bible is infinite. There is no care or trouble so great, but in reading the Holy Scriptures tbou wilt fiud consolation through the grace of the Holy Ghost." In the Athenasum of OStob3r 6th, 1883, Mr. Stephens, a Protestant, writes: " By 1507 more than 100 Latin Bibles had been printed, some of them small and cheap pocket editions. There had been besides 18 editions of a translation of the Vulgate into German, and others, into other modern languages." In the December number 1888, of the sarno Protostant paper, it is stated that the " German Vulgate" was in common use among the people long before Luther's time. The Rev. E. Outts, D.D., Protestant Clergyman, says :—" Another common error is that the clergy were unwilling that the laity should read the Bible for themselves, and carefully kept it- in an unknown tongue that the people might not be able to read it." The truth is that most people who could read at all could read Latin, and would ;o.rtaihly_ prefer to road the authorised Vulgate to any vernacular version. In other words tbey preferred the Latin Bible to a Bible in their own language. " Toe Quarterly Review " (October 1879), another Protestant paper, says: "The notion that people in the Middle Ages did not read the Bible, is probably exploded oxcept among the more ignorant of oontroversal ists. The notion is not simply a mistake, it is one of the mo3t ludicrous and grotesque blunders." Dr. Maitland, keeper of the Lunbeth manuscripts and librorian to the Arobbisbop of Canterbury, in his work on the " Dark Ages," says, " The writings of the Dark Ages are made up of the Scriptures, I mean that they thought and spoke and wrote the-words and thoughts and phrases j of the Bible, and that they did these things constantly and habitually as the natural mode of expressing themselves." Again, is it not an historical fact that in the 16tb century when Benevuto Cellini was imprisoned under the Papal Government, that an Italiau Bible and the Chronicles of< Villani were the books given him by the! warder to dispel the anxiety of confinement and solaoe the pangs of his agitated soul! Again, if there be need of further proofs, I direct my reader to the Approbation of Pope Pius VI. on the titlo page of every Catholic Bible in the English language. Such Bibles are ^ popularly known as tho Douay Bible—being translated from the Vulgate aud Original languages in the City of Douay. The following are his words recomnidnding the reading of the Holy Scriptures to all Catholics: " At a time when a great number of bad books are circulating among the unlearned, you judge well that tho Faithful should be excited to tho reading of the Bible, for this is the most abundant source which ought to be left open to evoryono to draw from it purity of morals and of doctrine. This you have seasonably effeoted by publishing the Bible in the language o£ your country" (Ttalian). Again, in^the year 1820 Pius VII. urged the English bishops to encourage their people to read the Bible, Buying : " Nothing can be more useful, more consolatory, more animating, because the Holy Scriptures serve to confirm the faith to support the hope and inflame the charity of the true Christian." The American Catholio bishops assembled in council say to their people: " The most highly valued treasure of every family, and the most frequentlv and lovingly 'made use of, should be the Bible. We trust that no family oan be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures." Again : Dr. Denvir, Catholio' bishop of Down and Connor, Ireland, as may . be seen from the first page of the Dublin edition of tho Douay Bible, writes his approbation in these words : " I hereby sanction its circulation among the faithful, feeling convinoed that if :read with reverence, it will he attended with great, spiritual blessings." : But enough. It is needless to waste time in summoning witnesses, and confronting historical facts with this baseless calumny and siokening oarit—thiB infamous falsehood and Anprinoipled lie—this groundless fabri ontion and deceitful imposture, flinoe every Christian man tylio loves truth and justice, and knows anything of the history of the snored volume, must admit that the Catholio Church does not prohibit the reading of the Bible, but rather inculcates the constant study and devotional reading, and pious meditation on its'sacred truths as calculated to. draw down Heaven's graces and God's choioeBt blessings. If, in oonolusion, I am at liberty to offer any official advice to Catholics, I do so with all the authority I can com mand, in the words of some of the brightest intellects and purest souls that have ever adorned the Church by the subtlety of their arguments and profundity of their learning. " Love the Bible," they would say, " and God's Holy Spirit will love you, cherish 'it and it will save you, honor it, and it will ; protect you." " To ^ignorant of the Biblo is to be ignorant of Christ." " Let the Bible bo ever in your hands, that like a shield it may turn aside the thoughts which trouble your young souls." "Love the Bible and yon will not love.the sins of the flesh." " Road it frequently, learn as muoh .as you can, lee sleep find yon with the book in your hand, and let the saored page receive your head as it drops in sleep." Human nature has no suffering whether in body or soul that does not find its solaoe in the Bible. ' " The earnest reading of the Soriptures purifies all things." " What page, what word of the Bible that is not the trnent rule for human life ?" " How sweet, 0 Lird, is Thy spirit which the bumble and pure heart drinks in by the love of Thy Hnlv Scriptures." Yes, read the Biblo ns often as vou oan, for it is a treasury of Heavenly Science—an oraole that discloses the origin and sublimo destiny of man{ the key that interprets bid relations to bis Creator—the foundation of oar Oliristiau faith aud glorious heritage. Its moral code is the standard of our liveB. If our Christian civilization is so superior to all actual aud pro'CxistiDg social BystemB, it owes its supremacy to the ethical teach ings and sublime sentiments everywhere to be found stamped on tho pages of Holy Writ," J. SHERIDAN, P.P. 