-THE:"rNT0¥ELIST. THE STORY OF A SECRET. Monsieur Silvain, who was a bachelor, occupied rooms in the Rue Vivienne, on the second floor, and below him was his neighbour, Mme Everard, the widow of a, colonel. The lady's . rooms were generally silent, but one day M. Silvain, as he mounted the stairs, heard the voice of a fine soprano singing " La Normandie The gentleman rang at the door of the stage. His curiosity was awakened. Mme. Everard received him. " I fancy that the unusual has not escaped your notice," said the lady. " The singer is the daughter of an old friend of mine." Then there was an introduction, and M. Silvain paid his respects to a beautiful young woman Madame said " She is a very adventurous and independent young lady, M. Silvain. When her father died three years ago, leaving her to face the world alone, she adopted music as her profession, and, not being appreciated in her native place, Rouen, came up to Paris-'' " And she will be famous some day." remarked M. Silvain. " And maybe she will find a surer road to happiness through marriage." " If you consider marriage equivalent to happiness, M. Silvain, pardon me for asking how it is you are still a bachelor?" " Mademoiselle, I must plead that it is not my fault, but my misfortune. Con- stantly occupied in my ahern official duties, I have had no leisure to think of matrimony, but I hope-" " Your official duties ?" the widow interrupted quickly. " Then you have a post under the Government, M. Sil- vain ?" "I-li'm-haye occupied my present position for a number of years, madame. Do not let my presence prevent you from finishing that charming song, mademoiselle." "I see that you admire my young friend," said, madame, when the two severe chatting aside. " She is adorable ! Such a union of grace, beauty, and sweetness I have never seen." "You must be a very acute observer to discover her angelic qualities after being only five minutes in her company. But perhaps you have heard something of her history though I don't know who can have told you'." He shook, his head with a smile, '' Renee is the daughter of Raymond Devilliers, of Rouen." " I have heard of him, madame," "You have heard nothing to his credit, [ fear," she remarked, shaking her head significantly. " He began life with every advantage, but after squandering hts fortune The retrieved it by a rich marriage, though, of course, he soon ran through all his wife's money. After her father's death, Renee found among his papers a memorandum concern- ing a certain M. Mathieu, an ex dancing master, of Paris, whom the captain had swindled, Duvilliers had managed to keep on the safe side of the code, '' Well," she continued, '" you may think how shocked his daughter was by the discovery. She never rested till, by means of advertisements in Parisian papers, she had discovered her fathers victim and made restitution. She at once refunded the greater part of the money, and undertook to pay the rest in annual instalments out of the pit- tance she had left herself, which she proposed to increase by teaching." M. Silvain coughed and changed his position abruptly. " And this person Mathieu-how could he accept the reparation, knowing that she had reduced herself to poverty in order to" and did not know it. The money was refunded through her lawyer, Maitre Delaunay, of Rouen, in her father's name, Delaunay was her agent in the matter solely against his will, as it deprived his son of a fortune, for Renee-was engaged to be married to Maurice Delaunay, whom she had known from childhood, but when she insisted on beggaring herself, the notary and his wife peremptorily broke off the match." Her companion shut his snuff-box with an indignant snap. " You must have a poor opinion of my sex, madame, if you think that beauty and goodness such as hers-" " EL, my good sir, you are sadly behind the times ! But, hush !" she broke in, '' Renee is coming back." "It is strange," said Renee, slowly: " your face seems familiar to me. I can't think of whom it reminds me." M. Silvain presently took his leave. When the little gentleman had bowed himself out, Mme. Everard turned to her companion and demanded abruptly, " Well, what do you think of my neigh- bour ?" "I think he is charming, charming," she replied, with a droll imitation of his manner, " but he is a living anachronism. He ought to have been a functionary of the vieille cour, instead of a clerk under the Republic." "In fact, Renee, you have made a conquest. He can't be much over 50. It is the prime of life for a man. He is rich, good-natured, and good mannered ; occupying, it appears, a responsible post under the Government let me 'tell you, Renee, that such a match is not to be despised by a girl in your position." " Perhaps not' she acquiesced, mildly " but as I happen to be already engaged to Maurice Delauuay-" "Did you not tell me that the engagement had been broken off by his people three years ago ?" " Yes-but not by himself. He would have married me in defiance of them but I told him that I would not be his wife till till I had fulfilled my task and cleared my father's name of the stain of dishonour." "And do you think he will wait for you?" her friend questioned, with a cynically compassionate smile. She answered, softly, "I am sure of his fidelity. ' Work, wait and trust, that as my motto." As she crossed the Pont Neuf next day, Renee paused for a moment to drop a contribution into the leathern wallet of an old, wooden-legged soldier, familiarly known to Parisians by the soubriquet of Pere Jbveux. For more years than anyone cared to count he had haunted the same sheltered corner near the end of the bridge. Coins of any sort were not very plentiful with Renee. " My little lady, you have given me a silver piece, did you know t" " Yes, I have no coppers. Is it not a good one ?" " Quite good, and a new one, too I shall keep) a boy luck," he replied, and he broke into the tune of " Monsieur and Madame Denis." Renee found herself trimming the refrain of the foolish old song as she went her way. Her heart thrilled with longing to see Maurice again; to hear once more the dear, familiar voice which to her was the sweetest music the world could give. " Renee !" She paused with a start at the speaker. It was Maurice himself. " Renee, don't you know me ?" he questioned. " Oh, Maurice, is it really you?"' was all she could find to say, " I had no idea you were in Paris." "Nor has anyone else," He replied. " And how has the world been using you sweetheart, since we parted a year ago ?" he went on. "Fairly well, though, to tell the truth, I find the road to success steeper than I Expected." " Why will you not give me the right to help you, Renee ?" I have putiny-hand to the plough, and I must not look back," she rejoined, with a serious smile. " It is no hardship that you should be wearing out your youth in toil and poverty to, atone for your father's fault?" Then the sound of a church clock striking the hour made Renee start. " Twelve o'clock ! You have beguiled me into forgetting all my pupils, she exclaimed. " I must go now." " I intend to spend New Year's Day with you," said Maurice. " Till then, good- bye, sweet love. I leave my heart in your keeping." " As mine is in yours," she whispered as they parted. II. It was the last day of the old year. For the first time on record M. Silvain so far departed from his usual habits as not to leave home till afternoon. And he was dressed like a prince, madame ! A brand new overcoat, with a fur collar, and a hat you could see yourself in. I was to give his compliments, and say that he would have the honour of waiting upon you at four o'clock, when he hoped to find Mile Renee also at home," said Martha, Mme. Edward's maid. Meanwhile, her fellow-lodger, walk- ing with his most juvenile step, crossed the river, along the boulevard, to the Palais Royal where he entered a florist's shop, and purchased, at a fancy price, a superb bouquet of hot-house roses. After a stroll through the brilliantly lighted arcades of the Palais he turned toward home, which he reached shortly before four o'clock. " The ladies are in the salon," Marche told him " there is a visitor with them, a friend of mademoiselle, who has just arrived." " Very good," he answered, absently. The old bachelor's cheeks were flushed, and his heart beat fast as he approached the door of the sitting-room. It was partly open, and as he paused, furtively adjusting his collar and cravat, he heard a sound of laughter within-Renee's musical voice mingling with the deeper tones of a man. On the hearth, opposite to him, stood Reece, flushed and radiant, looking up into the handsome bronzed face of a tall dark-eyed young fellow of three or four and twenty, who had imprisoned both her hands in his own while his other arm, from which she was laughingly endeavouring to disengage herself, encircled her waist. " Let me go, sir ; don't you see that Mme. Everard looks quite scandalised ?" she exclaimed, glancing at Mme. Everard, whose face expressed the most unqualified disapproval. " It is at you then, not at me !" he declared. " Madame is naturally astonished that you should object to be respectfully saluted by your fiance-so !" and suiting the action to the word, he bent and kissed her. M. Silvain started as if he had been struck, and hastily drawing back, before anyone had perceived his presence, turned from the door. " Make my compliments to the ladies, and say that as they have a visitor I will not intrude this evening," he said, and walked away. Safely locked in his own rooms, he stood for a moment looking vaguely round, like one waking from a dream, . then, becoming conscious of the roses in his hand, he flung them from him with a passionate ejaculation, and sitting down at the table, let his head fall on his folded arms and cried like a child. Then there came a gentle knock at his door, and he opened it. I am come to scold you, M. Silvain,"' said Renee, with her sweet smile. " Marche tells us that you refused to come in because we had a visitor. Surely you did not think you would be intruding ? M. Defcvunay wishes to be introduced to you. I ought to tell you," she added, shyly, that we that we are engaged, though our engagement has not the sanction of his family, and-you are not ill, M. Silvain ?" ' He shook his head, smilingly con- strained. "No, not ill only a little low- spirited." " I am very sorry," she said, gently. "We have all our troubles you have yours also, my child, have you not? But you are young, and in youth, ' though sorrow may endure for a night, joy cometh with the morning.' " " My morning ' seems still far off, she answered with a smile and a sigh. " Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend. Good-night." " Until To-morrow," she cried. He watched her out of sight, then stood for a moment, on the landing, looking down, deep in thought. When he raised his face it had recovered its usual serenity, and wore a look of resolution which gave it a new dignity. '. Yes," he muttered, " I will do it she shall be happy. And as for me well, I shall be no worse off than I was formerly. Allens !" Daylight was waning when at last Renee and Maurice turned their faces homeward. Half way across the Pont Neuf, Renee paused with a regretful exclamation. " I quite forgot Pere Joyeux !". "Who is he?" her companion demanded. '. An old pensioner of mine ; a crippled soldier' who always plays on the bridge. There he is on the other side. Let us cross over." " Never mind now, Renee ; it is getting dark, and beginning to snow again. Give him something to-morrow." " But this is New Year's Day. and it seems unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look he has seen me-he is looking so wistfully ! Stay here, I shall not be a moment." The road was slippery with fresh fallen snow, and when half way across the girl's foot slipped. She made a vain effort to recover herself, and fell just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which came thundering along, drawn by two powerful horses.- The driver on his high perch did not perceive what had happened till the bystanders uttered a warn- ing shout, which was echoed by a cry of alarm from Maurice, as he hurried to her assistance. Pere Joyeux, who had been watching her movements, flung his violin aside, and before Maurice could reach the spot, he had snatched her literally from under the horses' hoofs. " What an escape !" Maurice gasped. " Are you hurt, Renee ?" ''No, no; but where is Pere Joyeux, who has saved my life ?" she asked anxiously looking around. Then Renee saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon the asphalt. The next moment a policeman approached, and after a few brief inquiries, which Maurice answered, peremptorily dispersed the lookers on and hailed a passing carriage giving the order : " To the Hotel Dieu." " Is he seriously hurt ?" asked Renee, when she went to the hospital. " He is dying, was the grave reply. " You are surprised at the change in his appearance in the surgeon remarked in an undertone ; "he had been wearing a false beard, and without it he looks quite a different man. It is possible that the" " Is she there ?" the patient asked faintly. I am M. Silvain to you," he said when they were alone ; " but your father knew me as Silvain Mathieu." " What ! It was you whom my father wronged ?" she faltered. "Dear child, you have repaired the wrong and left me your debtor," he gently replied. "You know what was formerly my profession"'? I was a dancing master ; I met with an accident and became a cripple. I had little money. I lost it in a speculation. I had-tbe--natural instincts of- the vaga- bond. I became the street musician. I am the Fire Joyeux. Do not look distressed. It was a life just suited to me. I could be a gentleman at times as M. Silvain. I had not as many friends as Silvain as I had as Le Pere Joyeux. I loved you as a daughter when you first put money in my hand. But there is more than that. Renee kissed the injured man. He continued : " The false beard and the wooden leg made all the difference to some-but not to you. Yes kiss me again." and with the ghost of his former gallant manner he raised Renee's hand to his lips. Renee was sobbing. "Hush!" he interrupted gently; " What better fortune ear I have than to save your life and secure your happiness ? Renee, you will find a parcel in my desk directed to yourself. I restore your gift, dear-as I meant to have done if I had lived. There is no obstacle now between you-and-your lover. God bless you both. How dark it grows-and cold ! Do not be sorry for me, dear I am quite content," he continued, with a tranquil smile. '. Quite content." he repeated, and with the smile on his lips he died. On the afternoon of their wedding day, before starting on their journey into Normandy, Renee and Maurice crossed the Pont Neuf once more, to pay a last visit to Pere Joyeux's old haunt. ' I am glad no one has taken his place," Renee said softly, after a moment; "it would seem almost like desecration. I fancy I can still hear the sound of his violin !" Maurice looked down at her tenderly. "Yes," she collided with a happy smile. '" Sorrow endured for a night, but joy has come with the morning there York Time. 