HACKNEYED PHRASES. It is interesting to note, says a writer in "All the Year Round," how many words there are which are always accompanied by one particular epithet, which usage has made quite conventional. Our hostess is always "amiable," the housemaid is "trim," the schoolgirl is "laughing," the matron is "staid," the housekeeper "worthy." A scholar is always as "ripe," a bishop is either a dignified prelate or "the good bishop." A flirt is invariably pronounced or confirmed, the young blaae is as in* variably rollicking, the bridegroom is always happy, and the bride blushing A scoundrel is sure to be consummate, and a blackguard unmitigated. Does anyone ever meet with a void that is not aching, an an tipathy that is not rooted, a shame that is not crying, a competition that is not brisk, an array that is not imposing? Nowhere do., conventional epithets muster in such force as in connection with money. A de lightful sum, which some of us dare only name with 'bated breath, as "Something afar From the scene of our sorrow*, is a cool thousand, very likely accumulated by a due regard to the nimble ninppence. In process of time it increases to a pretty penny; it may assume the proportions of an easy competence, a handsome income even a colossal fortune. The fortunate possessor will probably acquire a palatial residence, and also, if his tastes tent that way, a sylvan retreat and a saucy yacht. He will exhibit princely munificence and unbounded hospitality, or vulgar orienta tion. The taste he exhibits will le de scribed as exquisite or execrable. If he sits down to a square meal, he will be told that his tables are groaning, his footmen gor geous, his cuisine recherche, his vintages generous. He will probably be the subject of innumerable crisp" paragraphs in "smart" journals, and if, eventually, he is not laid to rest in some stately fane amid the solemn dirges of the organ and the 6weet strains of the choir, his ghost will have full and ample cause to revisit this sublunary sphere. 