"PERCHANCE STO DREAM" Tlie Mrs XoeJ whom her ncqualntanco \- JlkeU or diHMkeO. accortling .tii thHr In- ' . cUnatlou, was a handsome and wealthy .widow, endowed with a purse liberally oiH?n to most demaude and laanlfesting tlie fervent Iutere«t ior many fHiujecw that cluunctcrises our "fin de Steele." H-lio Mrs Noel who occuslounlly cou- fmnletl her own soul was a deep nnd narrow nature, Influenced by two Im- iKissioned affections, and m Indifferent to outside sympatliies iib to shadows that pass. One of these nffectious was de- jvoted to tlie memory of her husliand, the other was a living love for tier only daughter. 1 Concerning this licloved child, the mother's heart ached forebodingly while oho drove through the avenues of the Cham 14 Rlysccs in her neat brougham, or toiled through various apiu'tihents of that fashionable (pwiter, aceomjKUiietl : liy her maid and a house agent. Dis tracted by an anxiety with which houso- jiuuiiug in.T|)iexiues iihii iiuiuuik u> u<r, Bhe broke down when, having admired certain picturesque rooms, she was told that llio accommodations for the "suite" fwero. three stairways higher. : "Go, Koslne," she said to her maid, as flho sank Into an easy chair, "you surely know better limn I what wo require. 1 shall rest here until you return." . "Madame does not fear to remain alone V" "Why should I fwirV Mrs Noel de- juanded wearily. "We have so con scientiously InB|>ectcd every corner and uplwjord tliat even a ghost could not have escaped our notice. If you nrc nervous, however, you niny lock the outer door." ' Kosiue murmured an acipilcsceiit. "As madame pleases,' llie agent nUennl a voluble assurance of secure solitude, and jthey depart e<l. , Mrs Noel leaned back lu her chair nnd shut her eyes. She had often warned hewlf tlmt anxious days would begin when T>aura grew old enough to become interestetl In lovers, hilt she had not anticipated that jthose days would dawn thus swiftly. (Laura was only IT. A child lu spirit, though visibly untiring the lovely verge of womanhood, Mrs Noel had left her for a holiday visit at the home of a school friend in Scotland, while she gnade.au annual cure at iiotntiurg. now, six weeks later, 1 .aura's letters were filled with one man's name, nnd her liwmws wrote Uiat a UuHsinn, Couut Rufski, iiosMMHlng a European reputa tion for fascliialloti, was pursuing Uuira (wltii such devotion as she belhw<'U no Btrl could resist. That a woman should marry among |lier countrymen wns a law of life evolv- ed by Mm Noel fnxn her own brief happy marriage. That Laura's litis- band should he of her mother's ehoos- lng. Mr« Noel dlscovenl suddenly to lie this hiw'fl luseparahle c(nlicil. Yet SLanni bad manifested a cheerfully re- wilatc will ev4»r since tdie wusoldmiough to fool a preference. Wluit If her will fittd already. dc<'lded for this stranger-a gtoretra. whose' "European reputation Tor fascination" coukl not have been ac- (quired within any number of years ap proximately near to those of this child of. 17? ' Mrs No<»l opened her eyes with a pang no keeu Uiat she thrust (t aside. Tiurn would roturn to lier to- morrow. Surely no intruding influence hod tbus swlfl- ly eclipsed her own. She would not con- Bldcr'stidi dlHiistur. She would consider Instead the home they meant to maku for some years in rarls-heri', p4»rhaps. fThls ajiartment seeuusl likely to suit iheiii, she tohl heradf, while her eyes waudcred restlessly around tlu> saioti, which the agent had brilllautly II- lumimitiHl when lie hud shut oat the chill autumn twilight. . Immediately opposite her chair n wide doorway hung with satin portieres, muncd a smaller, yet mope elmrmltig room, whose delicate bine tints sug gested a dainty background for tlie ob ject of Mrs Noels anxletl««s. ".fust the cosey little deti my darling will fancy " ' Iler thoughts broke oil' as sharply as though they hud been InUiruptwl words. lieforn the chimney which faced the archway stood a lo'wcoueh, heapiMl with many satin pillows. A moment since It laid' seemed the very neat for laura— NbtvV Was she dnaetl or dreaming ? Whoso slender, whlte-<dud figure lay among those pillows'? Whose fair head half turned away toward the chimney V Not Laura's, thank Clod! Color and outline avcre like lnit the pretty- creature who no mysteriously appeared there was not Laura, nor vision of Laura. Whoever she was, lu>w dhl she get there unoliscrvcd ? An awe that was neither curiosity nor terror possess<Hl (Mrs N<K'l as she confrnutiHl tlie picture ficfore her. AVtioiure hud It coine? Why Uid she beliokl ft? ; Between her and the object of lier Hpellliound gaw the figure of a man In evening dress advanced sonndlcsaly.nis luck was towartl Mrs Noo! as ho step ped sohly to tho side of .the Hlwqilngglrl. lie' lient over Imr. Ills slomler jewelled jhiuals lifted one of the satin pillows. What was he altout to do ? Did ha jumn some caressing arrangement of those pillows for the comfort of that fair bead / «. Tlie sleeper Rtlrreil. Thc bending man,- still bolding the pillow, glanced across bis shoulder, thus turning his beautiful, j'vll face in tbc horror-stricken onlooker, and In those cruel, pale eyes his pur pose wns written— murder! ! A' cry, shrill with terror, interrupted tho fluent amenities of Itoslne and the house-agent, as he fitted the key Into the outer door of the apartment. Aghast they paused,. There' was a rush of flying feet uloug the Inner corridor, and a heavy fall. "Open, Imticdle!" Roslue cried wildly. "Mudaine, inadame!" . The frlghtcntM agent . flung wide the door, and Koslne dropped on Iter knees bi'sldo tlMi Inaulmutc Ixidy of her mis tress. > ; Neither terror nor anguish can long suspeud the Intense consciousness of Hueh a temjM?nuncut as Mrs Noel's. With a strange reganl her haggard eyes, stared up presently nt Koslne and the concierge, wboiu the agcut had hur riedly Huiwuoned. \- "I was tired aud .T fainted," she mur- )nurcd Impatiently to their eager ques tions. "Panlon. madninc screamed ?" Mm Noel frowned aud cloecd her oyi« again. i "A fancy! I was holf-nslecp— <i lind . drctuu." SUesat upright resolutely In the choir .wticre they hud placed her, ami smiled m pretty peefunctory.mnlle. "A woman's nerves are not to 1m ex plained. Are tiiey, Mndutue la . Cou- clerge?" phe soid to that Htout pcrmo- age, who wiw yet breathless from her run up two flights of stairs. "You liuve a handsome atiartment here uudcr your care.'" "I hopo Maflnmc will not allow her fright to prejudice her against it?" « £ will try to forget It," and the apart- imont pleases me, cupectally the smaller talon, which would make a charming Iwudolc." "Madame la Comtesse always sat there. It was refurnished according to her orders." "She was fair, I dare say, to choose so ranch bine?" "Khlr as a lily 1" "Why did she leave?" "She died, Madame." "Ah, yes. Suddenly?" "Of heart disease, poor, lovely angel! Bui Mnduinc bus doubtless heard the story ?" "Partly, 1—1 " Mrs Noel rose, Sliiverlug. "Will yon give me your arm to my carriage, Monster? she said to the agent. Despite protestntioiw that she could not yet be stroug enough for such exer tion. she walked downstairs. "Why should I ask her name?" she repeated to herself, with every feeble step. "I dreamed, perhaps. Or, If this horrible .vhfion. wps the truth, 1 urn no avenger of Innocent blood. 1 am a timid woman. I am afraid!" Shu entered tho brougham while Ko- slne' listened to the agent's regrets con cerning Miulaine's Indisposition. "Mndiime !" the maid exclaimed, ns they drove away; "It is a small- world, Is It not? Even this great Paris? The young Comlesse who died in that npnri- nieut two yeais ago was tho wife of the Comle ItuTsk!, who, Marie writes me, is staying, in the house lu Scotluud heru Mile. Laura .now visits." , During a long moment life seemed slipping from Mrs Noel's hold. But she clung fast to It. . Now did she know why she had 1>een permitted to behold that vision of. a tragedy over which the grave had clotted. God meant her to save her child. Nor would she fall. Ills marvellous mercy- Rot though iier flesh shuddered ami her blood grew cold with horror of what had lieeii and terror of what might bo. Koslne, whose keen eyes little es caped, was well aware that her fragile- looking mistress was capable of endur ance beyond the j»o\ver of a far more vigorous' physique. She. howr-'er, ven tured a remonstrance, when, after nn Ivour's repose and a cup of tea. Mrs Noel prepared 1o keep an engngeinent at tlie opi>ni— n rcmonstanee wiiich was vain. Mrs Noel was rather lnte and very pale when she entered tlie loge or nor friends, yet no one guessed that more aHodhorthanfatlgue. Why should they? Docs not many an actress play best with sorrowful soul or falling body ? And this woman played her. role neither for fame nor for dally bread, but for that child-love which God's law has or dained to be the core of every woman's heart. There was an outburst of mischievous amusement when she spoke of her let ters from Scotland, aud the reports of Laura's conquest. "Laura had made a brilliant l>eg!n- nlng, which you must oxjhkM to prove an cud also, If Ilufskl Is in earnest.! He Is the most Irresistible of fortmie-huut- ' "Why, Laura deserves something bel ter." "Oh .ray. dear, he Is a good fellow, too, and he hits cHtuldished a record as a de voted husband." "He Is a widower ?" . ' "Hltiec two years. She was n Scotch beauty and liclrcss when he umtrbHl her. but/ her fortune soon vanished In; tlmt big Glusgow bank failure soon af ter their marriage. Knfskl, like all Rus-. shins, Is an Ineiinihlc gambler, and In variably 4 hard lip.' Yet .lie bore his disappointment, heroloilly, remained cliarmlng to his wife, nnd seme<l .quite overwhelmed b.v lierHuddcn diith," "She died suddenly?' " He found her lying dead of heart disease one evening when he returned from his eltib. You are shivering, dear. Wrap this cloak . about those pretty shoulders." Mrs Noel did no) sleep tlmt might. Surely never woman faced n situation so terrible or so hopeless of human help. Friends and kinsfolk would think her mad did she' proclaim an accusation of murder founded on such lllmsy fabric us a dream. And dared sb(4 call tlmt which she hud hehcld a vision, her mad ness woul(i lie cbiiHldcred more fully proven. Eveir Laura might striuk dismayed from t;he mother who sought lo ' -sully her imagina tion and shatter her Impplnes with such fantastic horrors concerning the man who, whether or not he had awakened her-, heart, lmd certainly pleased her fancy. Hut Laura must bo savodl Tito God whQb had shown the danger thus womlrously would vouchsafe the means of escape to those eager mother bauds lluit would not' heed what hurt they risked in grasping It. Whcu Mra Noel met her daughter at the Gare du Nonl there ndvanced down the platform, besides Imura and Imuni's nmld, a tall, hanilsoine man, whose In- .miuous, pule eyes smiled suavely upon Laura's tender fiuLter. Comic Ilufskl wns gracefully grateful us Mrs Noel, liuvlng heard of his kind- jicsh on the journey, where by chance Laura had encountered him, Invited blm to afternoon ten on the morrow. While Mrs Noel lay awake, through the long watches of a second sleepless night, her plan grew plain to her. Surely the guilt of which she knew the secret must be haunted by ruc1i cow ard fears as would be stirred to self-lie- truynl by the revelation of -a knowledge whose source could only be supernatur al. She was aware of the personal danger sho would risk should Rufski's courage resist the test she intended to put upon it. She iKiiild not doubt that he would 1k» ut a loss for methods by which to Bwcep'from Ills imtli an enemy who me naced him. . Yet Laum should bo saved. Laura, whose guy chatter, in which Comle Uufrikl's name recurred ho often, stabbed tho mother's rcHolve with a mightier dread tluui that of her own danger. Wa« the child's heart awake? Ami for wl»m would It declare itself? Mother or lover. Mrs Noel and lier daughter spent the following morning in shopping. Laum was rapturous over the choice of ber first IniII dress. Yet she Insisted upon having flowers which she IhuI promised Hufskl to wear. They lunched at a famous piitls-ioile. .whose goods Laura devoured with tin reckless ardour of a schoolgirl's hunger. Yet she forgot to llntsh a favorite game pie while she de- scanted ujion Rufski's skill at. a sltoot- ing match h1u4 had seen In Bcotlnml, \- TJiey. retarood to thelr Uotel for "five, o'ckick ten," and Rufskl did not keep tiMni waiting. . With a horror that made the crudest Instant of her ordeal, Mrs Noel tiebeld him lift Laura's pretty liand to his Hps with the long jewelled Angers she had seen press down a.satln pillow upon — She could not speak ln.iumwer to.Ruf- ski'R graceful greeting, but site smiled. "It is mostly . with a smDo that a woman leads her "forlorn hope," and tlie bravest cheer which luis led men to battle, and whose echo rings through history, lacks something of the heroism of such a smile. The little group sat about.tlie flre and drunk tea. .daintily. . Laura was guv, Rufskl amusing, Mrs Noel rather silent. -lust arrived as two of them were from Scotland, talk turned naturally to Scotch customs, Scotch characteristics; nnd, by a subtle impulse from Mrs Nod, to Scotch 'superstitious. Rufilkl and Jiuru each repeated le- geudH at wliose terrors tlicy scoffed lightly. Mrs Noel grow serious. "I have an unassailable objection to the civdlblllty of most ghost stories," she said, very slowly. There was a enrlous .thrill In her low voice which brought Itufski's eves to her face from her daughter's, but she was gazing at the Are.' "I cannot believe that the Maker of the Universe would permit the lufae- tlon of Ills laws'for the frivolous 'pur pose' of fiscIcHR terrorism that seems their usual design," she continued. "Hut one has conic to my knowledge recently, whoso purpose Is worthy of God's mercv, aild 111 wliOHl! truth I thnn»forn lidlovo'" , "Mother,- how eolemn you are!" Laura erleil, with huighlug Incredulity. "You don't really belleve ii'ghosl slorv?" "Assuredly, as I believe that all sin comes. Ui punishment." Rufskl shrugged his shouldera slight ly. "Perhaps Madame will deign to con vince of his mistake a student of life, Svho has 'fancied that he discerned sin ners -'flourishing like the green bay tree' of which the Itible tells us." "You shall hear this story, and I think It will eonvineo you." "Agalu Rufski's brilliant eyes sought hers, ami again lieds avoided them. Mrs Noel was no more liberally en dowed with eloquenee Rum are other women 'of her temperament hi this uu- loqucnt generation. Hut words that burned Into tlie .-memory of hcrTstoners eapod to her Ipsl ns she desern>od the solitary wonian in the empty apartment, the fair vision of secure repose wiiich hud so mysteriously uppeimsl before Iter, aud. tin' creeping, shadow of umiiler wliih . destroyed it. Then, without ghutclug at her silent auditors, she re lated- that the names of the actors of tills gbosty tragedy hud Ini- ouie known to Its beholder, and ttml cbrruliomUng cireumstance mid motive wen- nut lack- lug to link the phautoin to reality and to establish Un truth. "A truth, the purpose of whose awful revolution ' will Im« nccdmpllslHHi," Mrs Noel concluded in the level voire which )ind; told the whole story. "The womuii to whom It wus revealed, understands its merciful warning of- danger to one beloved— u danger to avert which sin is prepared lo encounter the most public s'eaudul or ,the most subtle vengeiuici— uulcss her' enemy dlsappeura." Through effort that tuxisl every force of her belug. .Mrs Noel slowly lifted her gaze, to Rufski's face. .A. face' from .which the mask of con trol and civilisation hud been swept away .nttd which confronted her. ghast ly with supernatural horror, devilish .willi'tho lust.of hate, while in his pale eyes, stared that look whose recognition banished front her soul any doubt which 'might, perchance In future years liave Rimkcii her eimvietion of his guilt. Prom that face, those eyes, she recoiled with an lnvohmbiry liomage of the flesh to the present tueiuiee of Death. With a ery Laura flung herself on her keen between her mother aud Rufskl, as though hiterjMwlng her own slight Rtrength imfore that mother's half-wnn- pi-elieudcd danger. Rufskl. rank -buck In his chair hiding his' 'face with hlK hutids. Theru was silence. Hlleuee, during., which Mrs Noel, feel ing the olusp of her child's arms thank ed God! Whatever .the outcome of this moment's .suspense, laura was saved. Laqra's heart luid spoken, ami IDt Aral uttenuice UadTieen for her. "Pardou. 'Madame!" Knfskl mur- nmred at last, luiutlngly. "A thous and pardons for the scene I make. Your liorrlhle story has overstrained nerves Horey HluUtei'tnl by much sufforing"— hls voice broke down. He rose unsteadily lo his feet. Tils face was white and quivering, but his eyes laid recovered their riiHch-ction, and eoufOHSPil.ohly the weakness his words hod defined. "Will Madame forbear judgment on tho 'absent, whom her eloquence has driven to flight?" Au instant Mra, Noel' hesitated. An instant,' in which per courage touched Its highest reach and faltered. Her child was safe. ' . Let ,hlm go. then, wllli his past." of which sin'; had such strange kiipwedge.'to his future, which she was powerless 'to limit or control. Concerning the nlwojit, Monsieur, I am' duml)— so long as his absence en dures." II<» bowed profoudly, walked swiftly toward the 'door, turned there, bowed a - ' ». and was gone. »ther!" r>;iura cried, clinging close. "Don't tell ine what you meant, or why he went away! 1 saw him look at you as If . Darling mother, something terrible, lion' coiue near us, but It has nnsftoil. .. Promise Uiat we slmll never spenlc of it again."— Ellen Maclsublu, in "tlie "New York Tribune." 