AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A dmu on bis trial for murder, in New Tork, tu successfully defended by bis eoonsel in the folia trioggrandiloqiitoit npoorfi ;—. Gentlemen of the jary/^Thou shalt not bill.* Now, if you bait my client, you taQs> jfiess the.command as slick nsgroase, and as plump as a goose Vegg in a loiferlt face. Gentlemen, tmtrdcr.il murder, whether' com mitted by twelve lurymennrau bumble indiv idual line my^ieot, -Gentlemen, I do not deny the of my client having killed * man. . No soob thing, gendamenr .You may bring the prisoner in guilty, thehangmah may do. bis duty—but will thatexeuse you ? No; in that case you irtl be murderers. ' WhoamongyGu it prepared for the brand of*Cein to be stamped ' on ins brow to-day ?—who, freeoeo f—Who in , this Tend of liberty and light ?. Gentlemen, I I twill pledge > my own word not one of you has* I bowie knife. . No, gentiementyonr pockets are I odoriferous with the fames of cigars and tobacco. You'can'smofce the tobeoooofrectitude in the I pipe of a peaoef ul conscience ; but bang my ue ! fortunate client and the scaly alligators Of re I morse will gelIoj> through the internal principle | of .our animal viscera until the spinal vertebrae! ; of year anatomical construction is.turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblius cf despair. -'..'Gentlemea, beware of committing murder! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Sternal Prerogative 1 Gentlemen, 1 adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporal? sanctity,. to do po murder. I adjure you by the of. woman, the mainspring oftbeti eking timepiece of timers theoretical transmigration, to do murder, I adjore yon .by the American Eagle, „ that whipped the.universal gamecock of crea tion, and is now roosting in- the msguetic tele graph of .time's illustrious iraasmigtatiop, .to do no murder!- And, lastly, if yua everexpeot free dogs not tobazkatyou, if you everez pect to wear boots made cf the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever expect tobo-anythiug hot sneaking law-flung, rascally,- braided, email euds of humanity, whittled down into iodistinctitdlity, acquit my client, and, aave your country. The prisoner was. acquitted. 