Readings in Catholic Doctrine. 'THE MONTH OP THE BACKED HEART.' A short tract giving1 the origin and nature of the devotion to the Sacred Heart has appeared lately in this column. But we cannot allow the month of June, which is specially con secrated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, to pass without a few additional notes which may have the effect of rendering this favourite devotion more universal by explaining more clearlv its imnnr* ant place amongst the devotions of the Church. This is what the translator of the 'Pleading of the Sacred Heart' has to say in his charming and spiritual style regarding the object, the motive and the theological basis on which this de votion rests. A 'Catholic devotion' sanctioned by the Church is no mere outcome of sen timental piety. It is no mere expres sion of devotional enthusiasm. It is something very real, something very soiia. j.l it ne a Diossom witn bril liant hue and fragrant perfume, it is a blossom of a noble tree that rears its branches as high as Heaven, and has its roots as deep as the faith that is the life of the Church. A Catholic devo tion is always in its ultimate analysis the expression of a Catholic dogma; and many a theological conclusion which, to untrained intellects, might, appear obscure in its technical wording makes itself a home amongst the hum blest, of the faithful when it expresses itself in one of those practical devo tions, which, under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, take, as if by storm, the hearts of the people. So it is with devotion to the Sacred Heart. It. is ti devotion that cannot be understood without an accurate knowledge of the mystery of the Incarnation, cannot be practised without securing for thosu who cultivate it an ever-growing love for our Incarnate Lord. When this has been said, when it has been asserted that the two results of this devotion are wider knowledge and deeper love of our Blessed Lord, we feel that enough has been said to convey to Christian hearts a due sense of its im portance. 'It is desirable to under stand precisely Avhat the Church means by that devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, to which she has given her warmest approbation, and her most solemn sanction.' By a 'special devotion' Is ordinarily meant a certain honour or worship paid to some particular sacred person or sacred thing for some special reason. Hence, to explain fully the nature of the special devotion to the Sacred Heart we must lay down three things. First, the object of this devotion; se cond, the motive, or, in other words, the reason, which induces us to pay this special honour to this special object; third, the nature or character of this special honour. 1\. The object of this devotion is the Sacred Heart of Jesus, that is, the ma terial Heart of flesh that beat within His breast; the Heart that was formed at the moment of the Incarnation from the most pure blood of His Immaculate Mother; the Heart that was pierced on Calvary and that is now enthi'oned as part of the Sacred Humanity, at the right hand of His Father in Heaven ; the Heart that from the first moment in which 'the Word was made Flesh' was the Heart of the Second Person of the Most Holy Trinity. 2\. The motive of this devotion, or the special reason for selecting the Sacred Heart as the object of a special devo tion, is that (1), the Sacred Heart was set forth by Christ Himself as the pe culiar seat of those virtues in which He specially desired that men should imi tate Him. 'Learn of Me. because I am meek and humble of Heart.' (Matt. XI., 29); (2), because, by the consent of man kind expressed in the received usage of every language, the 'heart' has a.lways been selected as the symbol of love; hence, the Heart of Jesus, is the symbol ? of that unbounded love which caused Him to do and suffer sa many things for the redemption of men; led Him to die on Calvary, and to leave us Himself in that kief fable Sacrament that has been well called the Sacrament of Love; (3), because this sacred symbol is in it self eminently calculated to cultivate and keep alive the memory of His Sacred Passion, and to prompt us to make a return of love and gratitude to that Divine Lord who, for love of us, 'hum- bled Himself, becoming obedient unto death, even the death of the Cross.' Hence, taking these two together— the object and the motive— the honour we pay to the Sacred Heart In this devo tion is paid to thn.t Sacred Heart, both considered In itself, and. at the same time, considered as a symbol of the love of Jesus. ' ... 3\. Finally, this honour, or, as It 1s theologically termed, this specla.1 'cul- tus.' Is the supreme and absolute ado ration, due to God alone, and .which, In this devotion, is paid to the Sacred Heart, inasmuch as it is the Sacred Heart of a Divine Person, from which Person, it neither is, nor ever can be, separated. 'From all this it will be seen that spe cial devotion to the Sacred Heart has been, as it were, inaugurated by our Lord Himself in that sublime sentence which contains in itself the whole phil osophy of Christian life: 'Learn of Me, because I am meek and humble of heart.' It will thus be seen that it is based on the dogmatic teaching of the Church, on the mystery of the Incarna tion; that it is a devotion eminently calculated to bring home to the hearts of the faithful the abstruse conclusions of theology on. the subject of the Hy postatic Union; and, finally, that it is a devotion admirably adapted to lead men to the love of Jesus, by the avenue of those natural feelings that God has planted in the human heart, and has intended to be the foundation on which grace may erect the edifice of that su pernatural life which the Church of God is the divinely appointed instrument in conferring, in preserving, and in crown ing with everlasting happiness. 'When a devotion has once made it self a home in the Church, when it has been consecrated by the approbation of Supreme Pontiffs, and been crowned by the spontaneous affection of the faith ful, Catholics may safely, nay, must ne cessarily, conclude that in the Provi dence of God it has a special mission to fulfil, a particular work to do, in the age in which it is manifested. 'If one evil more than another is manifested in the world of our unhappy time it is, not so much as in other days, speculative errors, which might be call ed heresies of the intellect, but rather the result of long courses of intellec tual error, developing into their natural consequence — corruption of the will. 'Love has grown cold. The world has become indifferent to dogma and cor rupt in morals. 'What two lessons, consequently, have more need to be impressed upon those who, amidst this indifference and corruption, strive to live the superna tural life of Christianity than the les son of humility, and the lesson of meek ness. Of humility— that real self knowledge that teaches a man his true place in the order of creation, ana teaches, consequently, the reasonable ness and the necessity of submitting his intellect to God's teaching, and of con forming his will toGod's commandments. Of meekness— that is, so to specie, the natural bearing of one who, profound ly convinced of the supreme dominion of God over the warring elements of evil, can afford to leave the final is sues of all earthly things in His om nipotent hand; that can, in the degree that is permitted to a creature, par take of His infinite patience, and can so present to the 'Gentiles who rage and the peoples who devise vain things,1 the spectacle of a man, un complaining indeed, but 'just and steadfast in his purpose,1 such a man as even the pagan poets could deem sublime, but who is a thousandfold more worthy of admiration, when the justice which he loves is the justice of God, and the purposes to which he clings have the basis of the infallible teaching of the Church of Christ. 'And these lessons are, of all othei'S, the special lesson of the Sacred Heart.' A word In explanation of the 'First Friday Devotion,' and 'Communion of Reparation,' in connection with the League of the Sacred Heart, or Apos tleship of Prayer. One of the most po pular devotions of the members of the confraternity Is that which consecrates to it the First Friday of every month. Our Lord Himself seems to have cho sen this day for the especial worship of His Divine Heart, both by com manding His servant.the Blessed Mar garet Mary, to receive Holy Commu nion thereon, and also receiving on that day the favours He was accus tomed to bestow on her. The object of the 'First Friday Devotion' is to re pair the outrages offered Jesus Christ in the Holy Sacrament of the Altar, to give Him a new pledge of love, and to enkindle at the flames of His Ado rable Heart the fire of our zeal for perfection. And the great means of honouring the Sacred Heart is the Communion of Reparation, whose ob ject is to make up for what Our Lord complains of, and comply with what His Heart desires and asks. He complains of being forgotten, neg lected, offended, of receiving no love from many. He desires to be remem bered, to be visited, to be received, to be loved by those whom He so ten derly loves. At His desire we unite In the Communion of Reparation to con sole our loving Saviour, to enter Into His views, to think on Jesus, to visit Him and receive Him often, to honour, to adore and to love Him, give Him one in some sort for those unkind, cruel and wicked things done against Him by ourselves and others. These, in short, are the nature and aim of the First Friday and the Communion or Reparation. 