GOOD STORIES— OLD AND NEW. The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of humour. During a confirmation tour in the diocese of Peterborough, Dr Creighton put up ono evening (says tho London 'Daily Nawm in nn nM munor house, nnd slenf, in a room supposed to ba haunted. Next morning, at breakfast, the Bishop was asked whether he had s6en the ghost. ' Yes,' ho replied, with greaV "Solemnity, 'but I hare laid tho spirit ; it will never trouble you again 1' On heing further interrogated as to what ho had done, the Bishop said: 'The ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restoration of Peter borough Outhedral. It is not long since, says the 'Pall Mall Gazette,' that there lived in Ayr an aged woman to whoso father's smithy Burns used to take his plough irons of a winter's evening. ' They had great cracks,' of which ICirsty hsed to tell. It is a pleasant picture to think of. One can imngino the stormy night without, while inside tho iron was clinking cheerily, and the light of the great lire fell ruddy on the swarthy features of the poet, and glinted in his dark eyes. According lu _lv.irsly, ourns was a aeevij to uuik. Another old wifo story of Burns is the following, the old wife in this case being no other than Jean Armour herself. A boy, selling ballads through Dumfries, asked very earnestly where Mrs. Burns lived — this was 30 years after the poet's death. 'What for are you spierin?' he was asked. ' I'm dooms keen to get a glint o' Burn's wife,' said the lad. ' Cry your wares, then; they're surest to see Jean thnt tak' a ballad to her door.' ' But I dinna like ; I think shame to gang there.' Eventually, ho was taken— to Mrs. Burns' kitchen, and the mistress herself name in. ' Weel, lad'- said she, ' you wanted to see Mrs. Burns?' 'Faith, did I; I'm unco ken to see lier ' ' Well, you see her now — I'm Mrs. Burns.' ' Hoots, woman,' said the boy, ' you're jokin rap.' 'And what for sood I be jokin' you,' said Jean. ' Because Burns soenkit aboot Bonnie Jean, aud you're sic an ugly auld wife.' In the course of tho reminiscences which Provost Croskell is contributing to the ' Harvest ' he tells an interesting anecdote .C a!._ 4. _ . _ C TA ui urn) ui uitj jjruLUiy pus ui a Cherryble brothers,' The Grants were Presbyterians, but they subscribed to the Roman Catholic Schouls of St. Mary's district. On ono occnsion Father Gillow invited Mr. Daniel. Grant to atteud St. Mary's when a charity sermon was preached for tho schools. He was shown into the gallery, nnd took his seat in a pew of a lady of rank who lived in the country at some distance from .Manchester, and who was not expected that day, as the service had already commenced. After a while, however, she came and insisted on her pew being vacated. Two or three gentlemen, sorry to see so good a friend of the schools, so un ceremoniously turned out of his place, begged him to sit with them. But he declined their kind oiler and went down to tho front of the gallery, and stood there during the entire service. Everyone thought that he was much offended, and the collection would suller in consequence. But they had not measured the depth of Mr. Grant't benevo lence. He listened to the sermon with marked attention, and when the collecting box was coming towards him, he took out of his pocket an envelope and wroto on it with a pencil, ' Pay the bearer five pounds, Daniel Grant,' and when tho collector reached him, ho threw the order into the box and said, ' Take that to the warehouse to-morrow.' Lord Russell, of Killowen, in America, came into contact with many members of the Bar, including Mr. Evarts. It was while walking with Mr. Evarts one day along the banks of a stream that Lord Russell was shown the point at which Washington had thrown a dollar right ncross. The water was wide and Lord Russell looked doubtful. ' You know a dollar went farther in those days than it does now,' the American luwyt-r insinuated. ' Ah, said Lord Russell, equal to the occasion, 'and it must have been ensy enough to Washington, who threw a sovereign across the Atlantic.' Sir Bryan G Loghlau, (says the ' West minster G .zette ') enjoys a high reputation for bulls. On one occasion he startled the .Supreme Court of Victoria by observing that a ' verbal agreement was not worth the paper it is written on.' His head resembles the proverbial billiard ball, but that fact did not prevent him declaring in the Victorian Parliament one night ' that tho proposal of tho lion, gentleman opposito makes my hair stand on end.' The House roared with laughter, and a Scotchman was carried out in a lit. 