UNCLE BLAKE'S LEGACY It was a.rainy, .dreary day in May. I sat In my shabby office iu Temple- street, and gazed disconsolately at the few people who passed, while I Duffoil at a citrar and ihoncht of tho future. I had beon iu my present quarters, with the sign, Harry Blake, Counsellor at Law, swing ing above my door just six months, and in all thnt time I had not been consulted by a single client. My parents were dead ; there bad been barely enough money left from ay father's estate to educate me for the bar, and none for my present expenses. Now poverty stared me in the face, and my meditations were aoything but p1vaant. They were interrupted by the postman, who handed mo iwo letters. One nnuouueed tbe death of my father's brother, Charles Blake, and the other was a copy of his will, wherein he bequeathed his property to me, said property coaiistiog of an estate on tho extreme coast of Maine. This bequest, however, bod one condi tion : I muMtxrcside for at least a year in Oliff House, ss tho estate was called. Under present circumstances I did not hesi tate about submitting to this desire of my eccentric uncle, and at once started on my journey. Tho weather had cleared, and the bright rsys of the noontide sun shone ou tho broad streets and glassy yards of-Cliftou as the train stopped at the station. I gazed around me with delight. The change from tho paved streets of tho city to this village, with its grass and trees, was a very pleasant one. I went at once to tbo office of the lawyer who had chirge of my unclo's private papers. He was a middle-aged man of. kindly appearance with keen blue eyes and prey lnftr aud beard. Ho greeted roe cordially when I introduced myself ; liut when 1 1 old him uf my intention to live on the estate in accordance with tho terms of tho will, ho shook his head doubtfully. Your undo tte»ted you unfairly m requir ing you to reside where ho would not live himself." I was surprised. 44 Why, I thought lie died in Cliff House." 41 No, he rented a cottage hero in tho village ; has tlouo so for several years. Ho declare&tbat; his own home was haunted," 44 Haunted ! Is it possible that anyone in these days could entertain so absurd si belief ? " II Well, Mr. Blake, you are young, and can laugh at such things ; but all the villageis agree in giving the place a bad name. Strange noises have liven heard there at night, and lights flit ubout the gioutids at all hours. There's soms- thiug wrong in the Cliff, and your undo evi dently intended you to clear up the matter. Have you courage ?' 44 1 am not afraid of anything that lives," 44 Do you carry a weapon ?" 44No." 44 Then buy yourself a revolver at once, for you may need it. Malcolm Strong, try nephew, is one of tho best shots in tho county. 1 will usk him to stay with you for a while." 4 Thank you ; I shall ho glad of bis company. But if we are to fight ghosts two will be no better than one." The lawyer gave me a look of deep meaning. 44 It is useless to fence with you, I see," be said, 44 and I may as well tell you what I think of this matter, There have been large quanti ties of liquors, silks, and woollen dress goods from time to time sold by several merchants lu Augusta— and no one knows where or when they were obtained. The Customs officials aro euro that goods came froin Canada, and equally sure that no duty was paid on them. Now Cliff House is on a bluff overhanging the sen, aud at low water there are revealed several caves direotly under it which can be easily reached by means of boats. I have oxplored every one of them at different times, but found none (hat appeared to bo used. Nevertheless, I am con vinced that there you will find the smugglers' doa. He paused, apparently enjoying my surprise 44 This is interesting, if truo," I remarked, 44 You are sceptical ? Strange things happen oven in those prosaic days. Now, Mr. Blake, do you still intend to reside in Cliff House 44 Most assuredly," 44 Then young Strong must stay with you for a time. One can wotch while the other sleeps, and in that way you cannot be surprised should tbe ghosts appear. If my suspicious are correct it will not ho long before you make some dis- covosy. Follow Malcolm's directions and trust to his wit aud judgment." . I hadn't much faith in the lawyer's story, but as I was fond of company, aud rather dreaded tho loneliness of Cliff House, I readily consented to bin plan. 1 found Strong to be a fine looking follow, tall and squarely built, with dark eyes and hair. His movements wore quick and restless, and Ins maimer wus frank and hearty, I felt sure we should become good friends. The next two days were spent in exploring my new possession. The house had five large rooms on the ground floor, besides kitchen.- store-room, and pantries, all well-furnished. There was a lone hall on tho second floor, with bedrooms opening from it on eitbor side ; at the end was a door opening on a balcony over looking the ocean. From the balcony a flight of stairs led down to the lop of tbe oliff; a narrow path cut into the rock wouud down to the beach bolow. We madu a careful survey of tho grounds and outhouses : and the next day, at low water, ex plored the caves. The largest cave was directly under the house. It was' a long, narrow passage, extending straight ahead from the on- tranco for several rods ; then it abruptly divided into two paths, turning to tbe right and left. Both were terminated at a little, distance by a solid wall of rock. Wo sounded it and ran our hands ovor the aides to see if there were any crovices, all to no purpose. The other two caws were lower down, and at high tide fillod with water. 44 Tho large cave is tho only one that is really accessible," said Malcolm. 4 As tuy uncle says, pothing could bn easier than to run a boat oloso to'the shore and unload her, concealing the goods in somo ssfo corner—" 44 Which we have not found." Which wo have not yet found," ho con cluded. Patience, Blake; this is no wild ,gooso chase, though you ovidently think it is." I belong' to the nineteenth century, Strong." Which hopes nothing, respects nothing, believes nothing. Well, we shall seo." We resolved to take upour abode at Cliff House the next day, and that evening J droppud into the largest store in tho village to buy a rovolver. The proprietor, h man of forty odd years, with rather a pleasant expression of countenance, waited upon mo himself, and dis played an interest in my attain which was rather gratifying than otherwise. Ho seemed surprised wheu I told htm of my intention to live in the old house, and- gave mo a versiou.of the ghost story which was calcu lated to nppal tho stoutest heart ; but I merely laughed at it. 44 You're doing a rqftky thing, Mr. Blake," he said, rather resentiug my levity; 44 a very resky thing. Tho house is haunted as aura as I stand here r nnd you'd better keep away from it." 44 Haunted by flesh and blood, Mr, Jordan, If by anything," I lightly rejoined. 44 And the roan who comes tresspassing on my propeity had best look to himself." 14 You don't mean that you'd really shoot P ' I Wouldn't IP .Well, if any mischievous boys have .been playing tricks on tho villagers ' by masquerading as ghosts, they'd better give me a wide berth." Mr. Jordon said no more, but looked at me ss though .1 were little short of a monster. I laughingly bade him good-night and went my woy. ' Strong and I moved to the Oliff House next day, and at 9 o'clook that evening went to our room, whioh was near tho door opening on the balcony. Malcolm insisted on watching the first half of the night. Though I laughed at him, he persisted in taking the matter seriously. 4#Not that I expect to see or hear anything," he ssid. 44 You and I know that ghosts do not walk ; and if my uncle's theory is correct, as, whatever yon may think, I have no doubt It is, the smugglers will do nothing till they have frightened us away, or tried to. But it will do no harm to watch." Malcolm was right. Nothing happened either that night or tlie next. On tho third, as we sat watching the ocean from the balcony window, something came crashing through it and fell on the floor. I dropped on my knees aud groped around till 1 found it— a stone wrapped in paper. Striking a light we examined the sheet ; on it woro written the following words : — 4,Mr. Harry Blake:— If you value your life, do not attempt to stay in this house. Be wanted, or take tbe consequence." There was no name signed, but the penman ship wan plainly that of an uneducated raau. Malcolm suiilod grimly as ho folded tbe note and put it carefully in his pocket-book. 44 I knew the rascal would try to frighten us away," ho said. 44 This bit of paper may be of use in convicting some of them. I am going to take another look at that large cave to-morrow. Tbe warning proves we are on tbe right track. Don't you agree with mo P" 44 Well, there seams something in the matter, after alt," I admitted. , /'Something? Everything! The smug glers' den is near, and I am bound to find it." 44 And if you do?" 44 Then we must lie in wait for tho rascals and secure thom and their boat." ( Shall we need any help in capturing them ? " 44 1 think not. They are probably nothing more formidable than a country merchant and a loafer or two. The capture will not cover us with glory, Harry ; bub it will be a satis faction to lay tho ghotis that disturbed tho peuco of your poor old uncle." Next day we took our fishing tackle and rowed out toward the cliff. After waiting a while to make sure no one was watvhing us, we miulo for tlie caves. Again we went over tho interior of the larger one with apparently no better success than beforo. Malcolm had just said, 44 Well, Harry it is no use: we shall have to giro It up," when a largo rat darted past him and vanished apparently in the solid wall between the two openings. He sprang after it and thrust his band into a small hole near the ground that in the dark ness we had not seen. ,l 1 have it," he cried, aud gave a push to the iron that his hand struck. To ouc astonishment a portion of what we had thought solid rook swung outward, reveal ing on opening and a flight of stairs. Bracing the stoiio door so that it could notswiug hack and shut us iu, we ascended tho stairs and touml'ourselveB in a targe vault ; tbe boxes and barrels with which it wus partly filled left us in no doubt of it boing the smugglers' hidiog- placc. Malcolm was delighted with our success, while I was now as excited as be was. After carefully closing the door weresumed our sport, and then with a good string of fish returned to Cliff House for diuner. 41 Now for our plan of actiou," said Malcolm 44 We must go to tho village this aitvrnoon and take good care to bo seen there, not returning until dusk, I feel sure, the smuggler will try to laud some goods soon — perhaps to-night, ir we let it be understood in the village that we nbalt remain'thcre until to-morrow. We could go to the cavo mid mount guard, one in each of the passages. When the men came we Ahould be ready for them," ho ended, laughing grimly. All went well. At eight o'clook that night we were in our places. Two hours passed, and then wo heard the mufficd dip of oars. Soon .the sound of whispering followed, aud two men came towards us bearing a targe box between thom. They sot it down in front of the vault. 44 Shall I look in tbe passages ?" asked one. 41 No," said the other. 44 1 saw both Mal colm sud youug Blake in the village just beforo I started ; they told me they intended to stay there ta-night, so there is no danger. 1 want to get away as eoon as I can. I may be missed in the store. Hark ! What was that ?" I could not prevent a slight start as the rays of tho lantern they carried at that raomont shone across the speaker's faco and 1 recognised Mr. Jordan, tho merchant iu whoso store I bud been only three days before. 44 Nothing but those pesky rat," replied the other. 14 But come, Ben will got tired of wait ing in tho boat alone, and we must hurry." Opening the door they picked up the box and slowly climbed the stairs. Malcolm and I advanced noiselessly. We know we must capture those two quietly so as not to alarm the man in tho boat. Half way across the vault they dropped the box and turned, only to confront our gleamiDg revolvers. ' 44 Not a w oid or we shoot." J said. The meu were taken hy surprise aud made no resistance. They' were soon bound, aud then we started tu secure the third man in tho boat. In the darkness he took us for his companions and said angrily— 44 Seems to too it lakes you a mighty long tirao to carry in onu box. At this rate we shall ue all night in unloading the craft." Silently wo stepped into tbe boat and covered him with our levolvirs. With a cry of alarm he spraug for the shore,' but his foot slipped, aud he landed in the wntrr. He was pulled, curaiug and struggling, into tlie boat, and sscured liku his comrades ; then we returned for uur other prisoners nud rowed to Clifton. Great wps the astonishment iu that quiet town wheu tvu arrived there, especially when Lawrence Jordan, tbo trusted merchant, was found to bo one of our prisoners. Tho smugglers wero duly tried and convicted. Malcolm Stiong received abaudnomo rewurdfor cuptiuinj; them, while I lived in peace and security lu Cliff House, thus making good my title to my uncle h estate. 