THE STORYTELLER THE SMUGGLER'S GHOST. It was nearly dark. A drizzling rain was falling. The wind bowled in fitful gusts, blowing down showers of wet leaves from the trees growing thickly around. Shadowy outlines of the hills loomed dimly through the mist, and from the distance came the booming of the waves breaking on the rockbound coast. Hot a cheerful evening for Mrs. HayeB and her daughter Lily to arrive at their new home. Geoff, her only son, and his friend, Arthur Gifiord, had lately been sent down to superintend a mine owned by the latter's uncle, and situated in a dreary region of Yorkshire, near the sea coast. It was a case of Hobson's choice BE regards the house, the main thing being as close proximity to the mine as possible; but it was with much inward trepidation that poor Mrs Hayes beard from the garrulous old woman who acted as cook that" there wasn't no cottage within a mile of 'em," and that they must manage with a girl in to help daily, as one and all flatly refused to sleep in the house, declaring it to be haunted. One thing was certain—subterranean passages were known to have led from the house to the thore, and to have been largely used by smugglers, one of whom had lost his life in a struggle that had taken place when the gang was in the very act of storing away their booty in the cellars that ran beneath the dwelling-place. Since then the slaughtered smuggler was popularly supposed to wander round his former haunts. The house itself was a rambling, irregularly built old place, with queer-shaped 100ms that reminded one of the cabin of a ship. These led one out of another, though most of them had a second door into the passages, that twisted and turned in the most eccentric fashion. Dark, roomy cupboards abounded in every available nook and corner; trap-doors stared at you where you never expected to see them. In short, the house seemed built for endless games of hide-and-feek, but did not commend itself as the winter residence of a party of four. What if those paseages, though supposed to be blocked, were still used, and the ghost turned out to be a living man, who would do his utmost to get rid of the unwelcome new tenants by playing the part of spiritual visitant for their benefit? That was the idea that was ever present in Lily's mind, strive as she did to banish it, For some time everything weDt on smoothly; but one morning Geoff, to his annoyance, found the violin, which he remembered putting carefully away in its case the previous evening, reposing in the drawing-room coal-scuttle. The furniture and ornaments in the same room were moved to different places, and £Ome papers from a locked desk had been taken away altogether. The two young mtn sat up to watch the nextnight, but all remained perfectly quiet. The night following, howe ver, things were as bad as ever; so, having tapped the walls to make Bure there was no hollow space masked by a sliding panel, 'hey stretched black tape across the door, sealing it securely with Arthur's engraved seal. " We will go to bed as usual," Geoff said, when t.bey had made sure that it was impossible to touch the door without breaking the seals. " In a dim light this tape will hardly be noticed, vand if the house is perfectly quiet our nocturnal visitor may be induced to recommence operations. When he finds he is suspected it may put a stop to the pranks." The next morning the seals were intact, bat the room was in greater disorder than ever, and seveial things missing. " &ye;, aye, I've alius heard tell as queer doings went on in this house," the old servant said, with a mysterious shake of the head, " I'm not afeered of ghoaties myself, or else I shouldn't stop here, seeing aB it's a ghosiie, sure enough, who's done that," pointing to the cushions and books packed neatly together in a corner. Being a smuggler, he WAS used to stowing things away, and does it etill. So, sir, there ain't no trap doors in this room," as Geoff pushed aside the rugs, and prepared to make a thorough investigation of the floor. " It's getting beyond a joke," he cried, thoroughly excited. " Solve the mystery we will." But though he and Arthur watched byturns night after night, nothing happened. At last Geoff, tired out, declared he would not worry any more about lit, and, rather to Lily's surprise, his friend quite agreed. That same afternoon Arthur overtook her as she was wandering about the shore trying to discover some opening that might lead to the passage she knew communicated with their bouse. Miss Hayes, I am sure you can keep a secret," he began. And in case you hear any noise to-night, I think I had better give you a warning wrrd. Tour mother's hearing being so affected"—Mrs.; Hayes was nearly stone deaf—" I do not fancy she will be disturbed, but be sure you do not tell Geoff." She looked up quickly. " Whatever are you going to do. Mr. Giffird ?" " I have an idea that I have found a clue to our ghost; so to-night I shall sit up and watch." •• Not by yourself," she interposed. " Oh 1 pr<y do not. Just think, if there should be more than one man, you would have no < hance. Oh! please do not risk it." Fecretly rejoiced to find her so anxious for his welfare—Arthur had long ago lost his hea> t to Geoff's pretty sister—he succeeded in persuading her that, armed as he would be with his revolver, the danger* would not really be anything considerable. " Bnt why do you so particularly wish me not to tell Geofi?" she asked, but half convinced. "Because for the success of my plan he must remain in his own room. I know this sounds mysterious, but it is quite necessary for me to be alone if anything is to be diecovered." That night, when all was quiet in the house, he crept back to the haunted room. It lay in darkness, save for the flickering of the small fire, which had died to a mass of red embers. Turning the '.amp he carried low, he placed it behind a screen, made up the fire, and waited, on the alert for what would happen next. It was intensely still. Now and again a fitful gu6t tf wind went moaning down the passages; but the heavilybarred shutters deadened the sound of tbe waves, and nothing could be heard but the occasional crackle of the wood fire. Sometimes the flames would leap up with a sudden flare, which revealed every detail of the queer-shaped, oak-panelled room, with its deep recesses and quaintly- carved ceiling; making a high-backed chair assume the form of a man crouching ready to spring; glt aming on an innocent paper-knife till it Eeemed es if it must be a dagger, behind which lurked in shadow he who wielded it. An hour of patic-nt waiting. Arthur was just wishing it were possible for him to indulge in a pipe to while away the time, when he fancied he beard a s'ight noise, and, listening intently, felt sure footsteps were stealthily approaching. Nearer and nearer they came —tramp, tramp i There was the sound of something being pushed aside, a faint chink of glass, then the cupboard doer opened, and a tall figure appeared. Apparently unconscious of his presence, it came slowly into the room ; the rays of a candle lamp it carried falling full ou its face, and revealing the features of Geoff. His blue eyes were vide open, but it was evident he was sound asleep. Arthur kept perfectly still, watching what he would do next. He moved about the room, changing tbe places of furniture and ornaments ; took the violin from its caEe and put it on the sofa ; crossed to the desk, which he unlocked, transferred some of its contents to hid pocket, then locked it again and removed the key. Finally, with a shiver, he went to the fire, warmed himself leisurely, then, taking up the lamp, disappeared once more within the cupboard. Arthur was afraid to follow for fear of waking him, but when all was again quiet he listened at his friend's bedroom door—which was locked on the inside—until an unmistakable snore announced that the somnambulist was back in safe quarters. Lily was up betimes, questioning him eagerly as to the reBult of his vigil. She had heard nothing, she said, though she had been awake all nLht in case he might ceel help. " Did you guess all along it was Geoff walking in his sleep ?" she asked, when she had heard the whole story. " No; at first I was inclined to your theory of someone wanting the place to themselves; but when the tricks ceased the' nights we were watching, the thought struck me, could he be a somnambulist 1 Tou see, though we often watched only alternate nights, the one who rested slept only in an easy-chair, ready to be up at a moment's notice. It was not like a sound sleep. I did not want liim to guess that I suspected anything, as perhaps unconsciously it might have influenced bim, and I thought the sooner this mysterious visitor was stopped the better." Geoff, who was with difficulty convinced that it was he himself who had been the delinquent, owned to being aware that there was a trap-door in his bedroom flcr which opened on to a flight of steps leading down to the cellars. He had discovered it accidentally, but finding that his mother aui Lily were nervous about what was going on, had refrained from mentioning the fact. He had no idea, though, of tbe opening into the cupboard. On searching carefully they fonnd, after descending a few steps, that a narrow winding past-age branched off in the direction of the drawing-room, At the end of this passage were again a few steps. Feeling inch by inch along the wall, Arthur at last touched a spring; a portion of the wall swung round, and, to their astonishment, they found themselvee face to face with one side of the cupboard. Geofi stared about him in bewilderment. "It's the queerest go out," he ejaculated, at last. " You fay • I came here last night, and, of course, I believe you; bnt I know no more about the spring than Adam. I'm awfully sorry to have led you all such a dance, but, on my honour, I had no idea that I ever walked in my sleep. Come along, Arthur, and help me put an extinguisher on my nocturnal exploits. If that trap is securely fastened up, and you lock me in my room every night, there will be no fear for the future of my being tempted to plav the part of Smuggler's Ghost." 