ROUND ,THE WORLD OH THE BICICLE. 4 GREAT TOUR BY THREE ENGLISHMEN. LIV. As one of the party spoke Burmese we got along capitally with the natives. They would insist, hoeever, on address ing us as their lords, which might have been embarrassing in Piccadilly, but: was amusing in a Burmese jungle ham let. As cigars are not expensive in the land-you get eight for a penny-we scattered seeds of kindness in the shape of cheap cheroots. The greatest com pliment you can pay a Burman is to hand him your half-smoked cigar, which he will suck at in a much delighted state of mind. The inconvenience arises vhen he returns the compliment. Few of the Burmans had watches, yet they told the time very accurately. Their cocks crow at sunrise, noon, sunset, and midnight. which was very kind of them. On in quirinc the reason why these eastern chanticleers were different from Euro pean cockerels, we learnt that whenever the priests got hold of unlawful litera ture and burnt it the local cockerels al ways gobbled the ashes. Thus they acquired certain cabalistic, powers, and crowing four times a day was one of them. And three ofthe cyclists that day were contemplatingm the dire necessity of the slaughter of the crowning time pieces in order to provide food when we pulled up at a waysido bungalow and found, by no means regrettingly. that one of our friends had sent on his ser vont overnight with hampers of good things. And in the evening when we finished our day's spin there was still another servant with more hampers. In the early afternoon we slipped from the darkened jungle into the great open sweep of rice or paddy fields l)efore us. For miles and miles were stretches of slush. Buffaloes wallowed in it, drag ging rude contrivances to plough the mud. There were no hedges or trees. only slightly raised banks that did noth ing hut prevent one loan's slush from mixine- with his neighbor s. A higher raised bank did duty as road, and along this we whirled in single file. Rice, we were informed, grows .wiih hardly any labor. This admirably suits the indolent Burman. At harvest-time only the ears are sickled off, the straw being burnt to fertilise the land, which however, is so rich that it needs not fertilising. A Burmese farmer pays about Is an acre, and as the average yield is eighty bushels an acre, and the selling price of rice in Rangoon is 4s (d a maund (on lb), he ought soon acquire riches. But he is a squandering, im provident, happy-go-lucky fellow, and the British rice merchants are sharp men of business, learned in all memcan tile cuteness. Therefore at the end of the harvest John Burman is by no means so well off as he should be. Still, he always has a harvest festival, when hie gives baskets of rice to the priests. and invites the young people of his village to portarke his hospitality. And, just as at the harvest home in Eng land, it is a time of real happiness, and love-making and cquetry. The senti mental swain sings about the sapphire lakes where the lovely lotus ever blooms, of the beautiful butterilies and the melodious birds, the odor of the jas mine, and the brilliant peacocels and noble white elephants. Then the wa1g of the village vill sing a ridiculous tra vesty of the whole thing. The girls. after due persuasion, also sing, this time love ballads in a poft, lisping tone, ac companied by swinging of the body and the jutting out of the elbows. And as the night advances there are creepy ghost stories, and the young fellows fall to talking of their prowess in hunting, and thd.young girls talk about frocks - indeed, giving proof that human nature in far-off Burma is just the same as in Engldnd, the only difference being in detail. So, dashing along the narrow bank that lay like a wand across the paddy fields, we began congratulations on the absence of rain. On that point we should have been silent. At the first word of congratulation up swung bat talions of black clouds, and when dir ectly over us they opened fire. In solid sheets the rain struck us. Those who owned mackintoshes put them on. Those who did not were speedily splattered with reddish mire. We were still twelve miles from Pegu, our destination, and the wet hld set in for the night. It was a cash of every man for himself and the devil .take the hindmost. We slithered and .spluttered and splashed our way, and ceoched the dak bunga low at Pegu in odd ones and stray twos, in, a desperately filihy and sodden con dition, but all swearing the ride had been splendid. The actual distance co vered that day was fifty-four miles. But one of our companions said this was a mistake. et was positive we had come 11 miles, and produced his cycloineter as corroborative testimony. It was mildly hinted the cyclometer was wrong. The suggestion was a revela tion. "Ah!" he said, "that explains why it is that for months past I've secretly prided myself on being the scorcher of Burma, whereas" - with a sigh - "I'm just an ordinary rider after all." All night it rained, and in the morn ing it was raining; the sky was full of rain, and the. earth was covered with rain, together with a solution of mud. It was the 22nd June, the Queen's Dia mond Jubilee Day, atd we thought it distinctly unfair that Queen's weather should all be used up at home whist we. wondering Britishers, had to put up with showers And as we sauntered about and kickeri our heels and whistled and waited for the wseather to clear up, the idea struck us that mnaybe in Eng laud they were also having desperate drencniings. The iere thought seemed to ease our trouble. Most of our friends gave the journey uii as a bad job and went back to Itangoon. Within an hour of titeir denarture there was a cessation of overhead hostilities. We got hold of a gaudily clad ]ourman to lead us across swamps to see the famous reclining ligure of Gautaulma. On his advice we took a coolie with us to carry us across the woist parts. or we would have stuck thigh-deerp in the mud. It was ai nasty uncoinfoemtobl journey but the imuoge ras worth seeing. It is ioade of brick. half as large again as the Sphinx, the face, armsi, snd foot weii modelled. It is a sinigilar monumcnt, about which, were it within reach, tourists would go mad and have thoir photograplis taken in luicnic gu'aups in the opien palm. As it is, it lies across a ditciu almost hidden by enormous trees, visited rarely evecn by the Buddhists themselves. One would think it an admirable place for conteii ulation. We called on a couple of yel loy robed lariests living ini a little temple close by, and disturlied their wonted serenity by giving them Egyptian cigar ettes and receiving presents of fruit Sfrom them in return. When we got back to Pegu we decided on a start. Our way was through greasy lanes that laughed defiance at our non slipping Dunloi tyres. We charged through pools of water and were soon again splattered from head to foat. Do zens of fanciful temples, with quaint caved spires showing over the planta lions indicated our approach to villages, which were every three or four miles. Often we dashed to the nearest hut for refuge from threatening doec-pours. Everybody was kind, especially the Chinamen, who are almost as thick as the lurnese. There was no attempt at imposition such as we hadl experienced in other countries: If we gave too much for something, change was handed to us. We met dne Chinaman who spoke Eng lish. "Come with us, John," - we said, "we are going to your country, to Shamtghai." "No fear, sir?" he replied, "too muchy darney rain." Therefore we had to go on alone. It was a day of plodding but slow progress ing, frequently along thin strips of trodden track, so that the rank jungle grass scraped our face as we rode: That night we slept in a hot made entirely of bamboos. The wind howled and the rain slashed as we ate with our fingers a bowl of rice cooked by a native. We had come back to uncivilisation after after several weeks of feting and lionis ing. It was a dismal Queen's Jubilee day, and till we lay down on the floor and sought sleep we passed the time picturing what Fie't street and the Strand and Regent street were like just then, and wondered if any of our friends were also wondering what sort of a da:y we had spent. YAMETBIN (Upper Burma). For six days our clothes sere in a sodden, clammy, uncomfortabie condi tion. In the day-time they became sct with the rain. At night we spread them out, hoping they would dry, but in the morsing they seere as nasty as before. With shudders and ughs we crawled into them. True, we spent a whole Sunday endeavoring to get the wretched things into a searacle state. With dilficulty we secured il 'a ood fire its a hut, and hantging our clothes about, set :i native to wateis thtst a blaze was kept going. In the afternoos he brought us our pro perty. The feet of two different colored stockings acre burnt off. and the hind portion of a certain under garment had disappatred. leaving but a singed trace of what Darwin would call the rudiment. We saw that if we crally wanted dry clothes se should end by having no clothes at all. When the native asked to be tecomtpensed for this trouble we gave him tlte shirt and odd stockings. Since then we were content to ride in datmp clothes. There was nothing else for it. The atmossphere wos so sur charged with moisture that even under cover nothing would dry Our shoes and ossr bicycle saddles regularly went green with tnould every night. It was only by keeping the bearings onid the drivinig-chlan constsantly oiled that the macitines were at all rideable. Articles packed away in our bags weor agfected. Mlatches refused to strike, and cnits. after the elecenth effort, patience wets recarded, the cigar seas altogether too damp to be smoked. If attybody at honte wants to know seliat our experiences in Burma sere like let hiti picture the verv sorst. sloppy, slushy country lane in England Lot him picture thiet lane interminable. seith big. laooded ruts, and by the wayside only a fes straw-covered shelters. wihich are annoying, because there is certaitn to be a eats above the back of one s neck; let hita struggle along this lane with freqeuent divergences into thick copocs. where there is.- faintly-traced tiath, and his face is slashed with tall, rank grass. or scratched by prickly 'osughs. And all the while it is raining. ever raining, and when he meets a man he can't explain ehat he sants-then, maybe, he'll get some idea of our trials in Burma. it is sell that folks in the Last don't csll their downpours rain. They always emphasise bad sweather by speaking of the r tins, foe certainly the plurality is necessary. Though we were a wonder to the natives, ae sere still more a wonder to the fes Englishmen ise came across. "Goodness," they alwaas exclaimed, "hon on earth do iou find nyour way?" We couiici nevr tell thenm; because n-d did not knov ourislves We only knen that by pushing on we would get somen wishere and the someshere is generally the place iwe wanted to reach. Occa stona~lmn hones erue reached sontealhere else. Ourt aidmn, difficulty aas~ the lan guage:: It is monosyllabic, rapild, short, and soft. Few Englishmen are able to speaklBurmese intellifently, and the Goverinmenrt maps vith wshich ne tra velledhasves the names of places spelt phonetically or as some official thiiks they should be spelt.. Therefore 'ouir pronunciation of one officially-spelt vil lage sa ftrernuently ..difierent td the notme given by the country people thenm selves" We n'orked our ws ay from Nyaiunglebin to N'`yaunchidautk, to Kiywebwe ~i obo ola, to Kyidaunggan, to IInigtthlaik and to soms horets else every name pronounced as though the speaker nere in . hurry-aith anything but ease. Now and then ae ran into toswnaa-sheere te sere small colonies .of Bftitish, such as at Toungoos at Pyin mana, and Yamethin But it nas gene rally dusk nhen ne srrived, se nere gLad .to lie, doan and rest in the dak bungaloas, and then oe nere off again shortly after daybriak, so that ne saw little of our countrymen. Besides, ne had gronn reckless about our personal appearance. Collars, even soollen ones, nere superfluities, our knickerbockers nere mud-stained, and, further, svhen a razor has not been near a man's chin for ten days,. hh is htrdly in a call making state.- Our great reason, how ever, for makling no halt vas anxiety to get out pofthe rainy region intel the dir zoie of Upper Butmiika One day's jouirney as welyi the preceding day's journey. There was a plentiful lac k of excitement It ivas just possible ire mtsl'ht have dmet a tigert A spot seas shown to us ivifere the day before a tiger iad killed aliul lock But luck nwas not in our sian. At one spot ou*route led to a river side. In far-off days there had been a bridge, but the planks had disappeared, and all that reinained.avere the rotten upright dpoits amid a few 'obbling con necting joists. The stream was muddy and- s'llen, and rushed n'ith a roar twenty feet below.t It was a risky undertaking, but it was obligatory to get to the other side. -Lunn made the .lirstessay, and balancing his machine under his right arm; went gingerly for ward. There were several ominous cracks, snayings, and tiltiigs-up, and every moment se anticipated he sould fall into the river. Anywnay, hb got over. The other tn-o of us, however, lost our nerve n-hen about half-way. It sas a curious sensnation. When a ina carry ing a loaded bicydle sweighing 7tub. over a taisted rotten four-inch beam with a fast river beneath him discovers that his knees have ati unaccounstable shakiness he feels an ass. It is all very secll to be hlcroic atnd say, "'Knes, lie still!" But they won't be still, and in our case thete sas no iorsu:-ding thetsm. So see had to sit dossn and reason sith ourselves over the cbsutditn of any prospect of a fall. Ti at sas no as ail either. So, witsh help, and in the most undignifiedi of craseling attitudes, ae got ourselves and our licycles off those ihetchled moms. Thi next daIo 5'e sere confronted bn cnthtlier river. This time there seas not even the -±,eleton of a bridge. Half a dezen autimans eraeled out of their luts, nd y t idnais 5ii e explaitted thlai ee sdeseed is get across. In reply then signalled nne toust utidress and scads. One cf them started to ford the stream. aitil athe fsdeepest it scas up to his armpits. We diii not cpepreceite the praosliect, ante- seesholik our heads. Then they produced a raft made of four ham boos tied togetller. It scould just cat-r one tian if he lcnses hos to manage it, and even if one of us succeeded, hbaa n-re the others to be got over? So the raft ass out of the quesfion. It took a long time getting it into the heads of the juntigle-dsellers that if theore sas a bridge scithin tseinty miles se wsuld go that say. ot last there scented a glimmer of intelligence, and schen ten threxe nith an arm an imtnginary span over the sater, they shouted "Bokta, hoktc! (Yes, yes!) WTe got hold of one man, put hibn in front of us, and in timnated he must sheo us the say. I-e seanted to move off, but see sere firm, though see salved our firmntess bn the exhibition of a silver coin. Then he smiled a broad Burniese smile and led on. For hours he took us through the jungle. It a-as all a jungle should be. The grass nas ten and ta-elve feet high, eith blades the thickness of s-aords. Enormous trees, slim and foathery headed, rustled aloft, and thiough the branches and in tse leaves nas the eternal swish of the rains. -narled trunks, blasted by lightning, blocked the nat-ron- path, and over these and round ae had to drag our mud-clogged Rfvers, frequently ourselves sinking above the shoes in the black squashy mire. In front trudged the Burman quite content sith a cheroot, as large as a carrot :nd the same shape, stuck be tween his lips, and then the three of us came in Indian fila Non and again ne called a rest, for it a-as arduous a'ork. Standing in the matted thicket ne were frequently impressed by the awful silence of the jungle. There n-as no rustle of beast among the grass, no scurrying squirrel, not a bird to be seen or a twitter to be heard. On later days, when there whs half .an hour's cessation of the rains, and when we listened for the songsters, none were to be heard. It was always the same rank, tropical vegeta tion, but never a breaking twig to dis turb the terrible hush. And so through this dense, silent world we pressed a way. "How much further is it?" we kept asking, in our desperation, and the Burman, slowly moving his cheroot, and telling quite well from our countenances what the words were, would grin and wave his hand ahead. We followed. We were just beginning to marvel what sort of quagmire we would find ourselves in, when suddenly our guide gave an excited shout. We peered under the branches and saw telegraph poles. In another two minutes we had thrown our bicycles over a wile fence, and were on the little na row-gauge railway that runs from the coast on the Gulf of Mlartaban up to Mandalay. And there, sure enough, was a fine iron bridge spanning the river. Tle decided to keep close to the line. There was a path on the side trxdden by the feet of coolies, and ulong this ste rode long distances. Occasionally the walk was hard, and we could spin at twelve miles an hour. More often, however, it was soft, yielding sand, through which the machines i'e fused to go or soft mud in which the wheels would skid without progressing. It was impossible to make any compu tation hot much ground we covered in one day. We did cover sixty miles once, but the next day we only managed twenty. and with infinitely more labor. At intervals were huts for the coolies. In these we sheltered when the rain was taking exercise by a doubly vigorous dotnvpour. Our enforced stoppage one time was for over four hours. There tas nothing to do but to twiddle our' thumbs and trait and wait and wait. As long as te were on the line we kept meeting Burmnans with a smattering of English. They tlee buoyant-spirited, keenly enjoying a joke, and we made friends with many of them. We had only to oention food to receive an invi tation to gs to their houses. If we ad miiired the rainbow tinting in :Burman's silkeii headgear he trould immediately say. "I give it you; yes, sir, you do me great honor by accepting it." We al tvays refused these effusive kindnesses of the Burmans. Some curious sidelights on the Bur mese character flashed acioss our path. For instance, tee tere glad to learn that Friday. the next day on which we started our cycling adventure, which is usually regarded in the West as an unlucky day, is looked upon by the Burmese as a particularly happy day. We were so rudely inquisi tive as to ask one gentleman how often he washed his head. He said only once a month, because if he put water fre quently on his hal',. ihe would nonoy the spirit residing in his skull, and then there was no telling what might happen. One man, with at wide, laughing mouth and shelving eyebrotvs, evidently of some education, and who ought to hiate known better, said he supposed we were travelling ifi.a northerly direction to miss Nag'ih? TVe confessed a complete ignorance of the ge-rtleman. "Why," exclaimed our friend, "he is a great monster, like a dragon, that is always crawling and crawling round the world, taking whole year to go once round. If you go from his tail to head, you all right; but if you go other tay, you sure drop into his mouth. Now that beast has head to north, and you go all right." We thanked him for his intelligence, because we might ignorantly have gone wandeering to the south, and it would hueve been atvkward to have fed Nagah on bicycles till he started feeding himself on us. Another Burman we met was de lightfully childlike and bland. When he saw one of our much-vised passports, "demanding and requirihg in the name of Her Majesty the Queen," he at once concluded we were ollicials sent by Lord Salisbury to ride through the Burmese jungles on bicycles and submit reports to an esger and impatient Parliament. "Tou trill meet Mt' Robinson up coun try," he said. "You sure to know Ilin. He came also from London." We mentionally incidentally there sere at least four Robinsons, ioay be five, and very possibiy six Robinsons in London. "Well, it is very strange if you not know Mr Robinson up country. He very great man. Another man, trith big stomach and gold chain, he come to me three years ago, and he say if I send rbies to London, he will sell for ine, and send money. I send five hundred rupees' rubies to London. No money coane. Then I write my friend, put his name and address very plain. But letter back. TOY friend not Io be found-gone away. Very much singular. my friend not discovered, and me not get my mdney!" Every day our eyes sere kept very closely on one particular lead pencil stroke on the map, for that signified the line where we were to leave the rainy region, and enter upon the dry belt of country. It was as experience had taught us to expect. Our first day in the dry zone was the settest and most wretched we had experienced in Burma. We truly got a little weary of the jog along the footpath. Little scenery was by the way, except thi far-ateny range of blue mountains bordering the Shan States, cuddled by the long, white arms of billosey clouds. One night we accept ted the bare comfort of a station sait ing-room. We turned out to teatch time Mandalay mail train halt. The plat form was almost deserted, and we could see half a dozen Englishmen lounging lazily in the saloon. One of us stood csosd to tite carriage, and, imi tasting the Underground portri's voice, shouted. "Sloane square, South Ken sington, Bromipton toad, anid Eail's Court only; tilird behiiid." It was a strange Cockney tvangy noise to break the night's stillness in Upper Burma, and as we popped into the shadoav Ilaif a dozen heads popped out of that sa: leon sindos'. Then we heard laughter. 