GREEK AND ARMENIAN CHRISTIANS. « The Greek Church (says New York Free man) consists of those Christians who still adhere to the schism commenced in 858 by .Photius Patriarch of Constantinople, and renewed by Michael Cerularius in 1053. With the exception of the infallibility, spiritual supremacy or the Pope, the pro cession of the Holy Ghost from the Father and the Son, and the Inmaculate Concep tion, the Greek Church professes all the articles of faith held and taught by the Latin, or Roman Catholic, Church. The Greeks have constantly admitted with the "R.mnnri flM.tholifiS tliQ SfiVGll and ascribe to them the same efficacy of conferring grace on the worthy receiver ; they maintain the real presence in the Sacrament of the Eucharist by transub- stantiation ; they celebrate mass, invoke the saints, honor relics and images, pray for the dead and observe religious vows. There are many Greek Christians who are in union with the Holy See. They are called " United Greeks." Under this name are included all who follow the Greek rite, and at the same time acknowledge the authority of the Pope. They are the United Melchites of the East ; the Ruth- ianian Catholics, who use the Greek liturgy in a Slavonic version ; the Greek Catholics of Italy, and the Catholics of the Graeco- Rouniaic rite in Hungary and Sibenburgen. All, taken together, number over one million. The schismatic Greeks recognize the Pope as Patriarch of the West, but not as Universal Patriarch, and do not hold them selves under his obedience. It is because of this that they are called Schismatics. They are also heretics because they deny certain articles of Roman Catholic faith. The Armenian Christians must not be confounded with the Arminian Sect, which was started by Armenians in the Six teenth Century as a revolt against the predestination of Calvinism. The Armen ians were the first who, as a nation, em braced Christianity. This took place in the beginning of the Fourth Century. The Armenians retained the true faith clown to the middle of the Sixth Century, when tliev foil into the errors of the Mononhv- sites by denying tho two natures in Christ, the divine ancl the human. They at the same time became Schismatics. In 1439 they were reconciled to the Church, but iell away again. There are at the present time about about 150,000 Roman Catholic Armenians. They havn an ecclesiastical college in Rome. They are called " United Armenians." Schism is in religion what secession is in politics — a breaking away from the centre oi' unity. In Christianity the cen tre of unity is the Holy See. Every se cession from the authority of tho See of Peter is a schism, ancl every conscious seceder a schismatic. Gold Export. — The gold shipped at Albany on Saturday in tho R.M.S. Oroya was as follows : — Bank of Australasia, three boxes valued at £8,740; Western Austra lian Bank, two boxes, valued at £8,156 ; Union Bank, one box 862 oz., valued at £3,450 ; for Orient S.N. Co., two boxes of sovereigns, valued at £2,500. 