'THE NATURE OF THE CHURCH.' (To the Editor of The Church of England Messenger.) Sir— The above heading is the title of an Inaugural lecture of a newly formed body in the Church of England, -calling itself 'The Church Society.' Statements made, in this lecture are so startling, and so new, to the mind of the writer of 'this letter, and others with him, that in defence of the truth of God he feels compelled to take exception to them. The lecturer says : ' There should be a teacher of Divine truth— a witness to spiritual realities.' In the absence of unnst irom tne earth, I would then have looked- for some such statement as this — ' That the Lord Jesus Christ had promised when He went away He would send the Comforter, the Holy Ghost, who was to abide with His people for ever' to 'teach them,' ' to guide them into all truth, and to bear witness unto Him.' But no. To my great astonishment the learned lecturer takes this work out of the hands of God the Holy Spirit and gives it to the Church. His words are : ' And the Church of Christ is the means of securing the perpetual presence of Christ on the earth.' Is not Christ's promise (Matt, xxviii. v. 20) sufficient ? There is a sad absence of the recognition of the work of God the Holy Spirit in the Church throughout the whole lecture. The lecturer goes on to say: 'The Church of Christ is an extension of the Incarnation.' I cannot find anything in the teaching of our Lord Himself, or in that of His Apostles, to warrant such an extreme statement. That the Church was to be a witness for the Lord Jesus Christ in the world I believe, but that it was to be the Lord Himself, or another incarnation of Him, I fail to see. The Church is, I know, Christ's body, but it is not the head. The parallel drawn between Christ saying 'He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father,' and Christ saying to the Apostles 'As My Father hath sent Me even so send I you,' is not by any means conclusive. As Christ was sent to be a witness for God and His truth, so was the Church to be, but not an extension therefore, by any means, of Christ's incarnation. An argument is used because the Church is ^ivine, as well as human, therefore it is an extension of the Incarnation. This is putting Christ's people on a level with Himself in a way that seems to me very unworthy of faith in Christ's essential Deity, side by side with His humanity. The working of miracles by the Church in connection with sacramental rites is spoken of in the lecture, but no scriptural authority is given for such teaching, and I believe for the very good reason that there is none. The greater works to be done by the Church than by Christ are nowhere connected with the sacraments in the Scriptures. We are told in the lecture that there is a unity between the sufferings of Christ and His Church, and that the latter ' perpetuates and supplements the work of the incarnate God.' Surely the writer does not mean the work of redemption, concerning which the dying Eedeemer said on the cross : ' It is finished.' The lecturer says: 'If the Church be' not indeed a manifestation of God incarnate, much of her teaching, and many of her claims, become almost blasphemous.' The answer to this is, that greatly depends upon what we consider her claims to be. If her teaching is with a Divine authority, which no man can gainsay nor resist, then something is here claimed for her which Protestant Christians deny to the Pope of Rome (I mean infallibility). On the whole, the object of the writer seems to be to magnify the Church in a way which is contrary to the teaching of Scripture and' the ' authoritative standards of our Church, and in doing so he gives a place to the Church which belongs to God Himself. Were he really able to do this, who would be the better — the Church or the world ? One or both, either or other ? I answer neither. Let us give God the honour due unto His name, and both the Church and the world will be blessed. — I am, yours, &c.; , Pbesbyteb. i . ? 