[?] [?] [?] r : PART XII. ?.; ' ' ' Qn this tho rayB of the morning san woro ; atroatblrig; fa ; gulden splendour;' and wero : reflisotid back 'from, th.6 glistening granite in , prtematlo hues. Every notfk und, cranny on '?'. that aldfi woro lighted'upjjjr the penetrating ' iunbolufts,~&bd; standiqg ;ojji0' distance .lmck ?'-,. ' tho*jaomlMMof tho pai-ty :wero. eiiablsd to «oo Ifar ln^o de^plci'Ovi\rae8._; ,;«£i ;?£ V;.., „,:j' * ' IriiMma'instarifics theso wortfiof pejuliai ; ., V;*\ '.shai®|ani ^DQtongjbut they.illfcapp$ared nri '?i '1 ?§' '' approi(ohsbi6 exco|)t by means of ladders aud j' tropes. Jpr'sovoral hoursthoqiijpBt tfasmain \- ??1' V ;'ta i nod jithe p !vr t y 'fol 1 o vf ii ) £ UioV'6urso of tlio * : ' 'iaun.-lktnoq'nihbyhadappr.oachodthenorth- . '? ' 'wcatVrnjangloi.'Ajd; at tbat .plaiia; tho walls .. ', .- r !r0B0 iip aheor in -a foco 'of ' solid granito. ?jPreston.yas particularly .ctjjrious iibout' this , {point,' aa it was near wliero he heid seen the ' two aboriginals disappear.; Aeon the pro ? . JvioUB occasion, thora.did not atom to be the . .- Blightx/at ' break fn tlio faco; and gradually / ' [the .seekers'- paBaed' on. '-Tho .captain was / - 'walking cIobo to the face of tho rock in a sort of disappointed pioodjwhen .suddenly bis qyfi ? .* ? jcaught'something on thefaco.wlrich' arrested '? ? 'hiin ''at.' once. , It appeared as if tllero was a ?block of itbno fittod in to ' the huge cliff. .'ICallitig'to his companions who wero a [short distanco ahead, ho stoopedvnnd pioked up a ipiccoofstono which lay at hand. Striking tho ?suspicious place, he .waa sensible that it . .'gave back a hollow- aounB, 'and juBt aS his . . jwondering.comrades freturttbd; ho repeated the stroke. This time there was ho mis. taking the fact that , an aperturo existed. -. ? .; ,. Giving two moro vigorous blows, a piece of \- granite about , 2ft. 6in. squarorfell back, re vealing a dark passage.' Jumping to One -? sido,Pr?ston lifted his rifle 03 if in fear that an attack would bo'mado 'from within, but it might havo been tho ontrauca tb a vault so far aB such a result followed. \- ' All was silent as tho gravo, but tho air which came out was not so fetid as ono would expect from such a place. . .' After'a ,' . fow moments, Rennie leaned into the aper ture, and whon his eyes becamo. accustomed - to tho gloom, ho said : * \ 'Yea, wo have1 got toiohesy and must : - explore this placo. It is somewhat risky, aa wb may got a spear thrust. or two, but I am determined £o explore the plaoo,' said Preston. ? 1 ? Somo rough torches had been improvised tho' previous ? night in anticipation of a ?' oavorii search, and ono of these fioing lightod it was hold into tho opening. A ..couple of feet bolow was a solid floor of rock, and X ? .. .without hesitation Preston ^t&hroDglfcthb; .*' opening and stood' on the Thjiplcco' of granito which concealed tfio.qptrance.had . . ? fallen down on a bed of dried grass and ? :.. ' leaves, evidently put there to' prevont it being broken. This was ampl&'confirmation that the placo was used by tho blacks as a shelter or retreat. Ono after tho other all five men got into the passage, and the blaze of the united torches gave a brilliant, though somewhat flickering light, somo distance ahead. ?. .i The passage was fully 20 feet high, by a -'dozen in breadth, and for more than 100 ' feet it ran in a duo easterly direction into ... . .tho hill. At the end it branched into several , smallor avenues, and socing a glimmer of light at the end of one of these, it was . .'followed. Each man kept a rifle ready for instant action; and as they also cariied two pistols and a Bhort aword, they wero afraid. * of nothing save a surprise. Preston, who' .' '? iwoa leading, was 10 or 12 feet from tho 'dootor, and as the captain of the Lucinda ? ? reached tho end of tho braifohiugpassago ho 'stopped as quickly as if ho Saw a gliost, and .then retreated two or thro» paces. Instantly every man had hiB rifle to his shoulder, ox \- ipooting.an attack, but it cA'me ntft. 1 ' What ia tho matter ?' Renhio asked in 'a hoarse whisper, oa Preston turned to him with a faco on which fear, was clearly written. ? ; ' ,,'Qo apd look,' was tho only answer . vouchsafed. ..-??* , ' Blacks?' queried tho dootor. ? ' Deviis,_ I think,' camo'- tho not re assuring, response. , ... ? ? For a -few moments Ronnio thought his . . friend's mind must bo unhinged, but as . Barrows camo to hiB sido he 'took his arm, ? - ? and the two men .went forward, closely fol . lowed byilTjb'ton amT- tlio^tliors. In such . a dim. mysterious .'.plico itvwas not to bo .wqndBredtliat'sbm'^lrihg Ainjto a'woj-.if not « ; T.'a to^fca^, should easlj^elzS uppn jmcpi and assurcdlyit'had on^t^;explo$ng ^ty. As tho:.doctor atid'BaSok.S re'4olj(;d tho.:end of ?j tb^rock^ lodijo wljc^hut qjttt thfciiC vision frOin.'tho apot' wll'er^ tho ^gfealn, s| liglit ehonbj thojf; h'dhqld-' tgo if t|ib nj^at ostta-; ,.u ordinary Bight's that s|iad,:evj!r crossbd tlitiir ?'' V'.1 vijiog. ' ,«./?' -.,- } ' .. A' liugi,t\Tnphi0ibiitrQ-.eStbndbd1 rouptl, r -i r giviiig'^floor:space aljauj: an aoro. 'Ji'ha '?v. /. Iptty'wXlIs shbt up tyjeeiyi'ppfuliy' 100 feet/ ? V, !'.v. ?? ma*- tho concave. ..rflif which vaulted oyer .'.u seemed. tof-bo:hung wit^silvery'^ights. , In ' fout; plncti8-n, stream of: bright^ light shot ... * * 'thnmgh.thelrootJind thfbw; quitp a radiance around. Prom differentTparts prtho circular ' - wall p'artypolor^S reflcciiohs dime, showing that the^ufbstaijce of wfiich it waa composed muit 'be -'of. various Milors- atfd strata.' It not . , this, liowevey, wnloh caused tho , .Jr : v ; silent spectators to gnie aa if spell-bound at . (?*-] -- . . the. spectac'e before tiicm. lt .was njagni ~ ' ? ficent, but the;. sight \whtch rivetted their ' - eyes .was horrible. ' From-; every, part ;jof tho wall .which ^ ? '.vfrbnted them.u'jacouthrand frightful visages, ' . half ? human, half devilish, glared down . - ;upon them, a2il in tho queer light, and ; ...' / .- from tlie glistening sionc, it almost seemed, ,' . as if' tboy were inibtfed with life. In some . ,, ./ places; the figures -'of gigautic animals, ; ?r ;niQnstroua iqi their; aspect and shape, loomed out of tho rock, and tho whole place' . at first^ightlhad thd. appearance of a super . -„?, natural. Chamber of Borrors. ; . For fully .fitrojninutjeB. tho party Btood , gating!1 into this:' straiigo amphithebtro in mute, 'ponder, arid surprise. As tbcy.had .moro timo .to got accustomed' to the light, tho curious «ceno Jbocamo elearer, and the . speotntbra moro iniprosBed with the wonder- . ful sp'ectsielo. , Th^: monstrous lineaments of the graven imitges stood out in bolder relief, and the awe-struck beholdors marvelled, and asked caoh othor who could havo done tho work. Ronnio broko tho silcnco : ' I havo read that traces, of rock carving havo boon found in Northern Australia, and S perhaps wo havo discovered one of tho most porfcct mouumonts of a dead race which cxiats on tho continent.' ' Yes,' answered Preston, re-assurod by tho remarks of his friend. ' These horrible drawings must bo relics of work dono by tho aboriginals in long ages past. I never saw such a sight in my life. It quite torri'ied mo at first, as it was so unexpected. Wo must mako a thorough examination of the placo, and bo caroful, for this placo may be sacred to tho blacks, and, if so, they will fight to provent it being desccratod.' 'I don't think so,' Wills answered 'Thoy havo few sacred places,, and I feel ' suro this is. not one of them. It may be nse.d for some purpose of their own, though. . I doubt even that, for, as a rule, they .aro far too superstitious and . cowardly to outer Buchaspot' \- 'And yet we saw two come into this hill/' retorted Prc'ston. „ - 'Yes, that is true, but .there is a master, mind not far away wjio , has, probably Ihaile .this hii. stronghold r— r— ^ '* . ? ,1. ' -? -. . The further:ron)orka of the sergbint wdro interrupted by a cry from Savage. ' Look ! I/iok thbro !' All eye's jvero -turned .in the direction ' indicated, arid as they peored down the long iouthern corridor of rock, a strange figure might bo seen at tho end. It could not readily bo distinguished whether tho objcct iras.a man or a fur- clad animal like a bear, tt was something clad with, or wearing, a natural coyer of fur ; that was plain. Man, beast, or devil, I will have a shot »t it, anyhow,' Preston said, raising the rifle to liia shoulder. As he did so tho object disappeared behind a ledge of rock. ' I suppose it is a black, clad in skins,' Rennie said. ' By Heavens, it may be tho man we're | in search of, 'exclaimed the captain, picking up his torch, and running quickly* in tho direction of tho placo where tho 'figure had stood. Ho was followed by his comrades, and whon the spot was rcached a number of passages wero seen branching off in various dirootiona. Most of these woro examined for a conaiderable distance, but the result was fruitlos's. ' Wo would novor find anyone in such a place aa thia,' Barrowa oxclaimed. ' I think wo had better get back tq tho Chamber of Horrors, captain,' Rennie said. Seeing it was usclesB to waste further time in such a quest, tho whole party went back to tho amphitheatre and bogan a minute examination. ' Why, these are Ijoncs,' Wills cried. as ho approached tho first pile of what looked like jaggod rocks or pieces of wood. ' Bonos, sure enough, and giguntic ones, too,' the doctor added. . As the exploration oontiriuedi it 'was found that the whole floor of the vast vault was strewn with bones of animals which must have lived thousands of years previously. Rennie, who waB well versed in paleontology, declared that tlio huge re mains belonged to the mighty diptrodon or gigantio sloth, which was extinct beyond tho memory of tho white man. 'There woro also tho remains of tliohugo kangaroo, which I precSe'ded the present degenerate, species,-) and also bonos which the doctor thought be- I longed to tho ot'tinct Australian hyajna. None of the party were Owen's, of .if they, had the great naturalist's lovo for his ' profession thoy would have been loth to tear themselves away from such an interesting graveyard of the mighty doad. Tho most extraordinary featuro of the examination waa, howevor, revealed by a study 'of tho walls on which tho rudo soulptures of a dead race wero hewn. Interspersod with the horriblo represehta tations of half-human faccs, hideous as tho. . features of Medusa, were rudo drawings of enormous animals. ' Those who.drew these things must havo Ijrcd co-eval with tho now long-extinot. animalu,' Dr. Rennie remarked, as he stood opposite to what purported' to bo ft dip : trodon. ''Yes,' I suppose so, or how else could they draw, .them ? . But 'what1, about these, faces?' farrows asked, looking up half in disgust,, and', half in awo'.Jat' -tho tiidOoi^s, drawing's. ' '? y - y? : . «' Oli, thoy' are probably ipei'e fanciful pio- ; turos. .'Allegories mayhapVot perhaps that is how the sculptors of thoso times had re vongo on - thoir , enemies in. caricaturing . ? thom,'' .Roqnie jocularly returned. ? ? 'Tho queorest thing that strikes. mo is: what tools t'hoy.jused to out this rook. 'It is : as hard tus steely' Preston added. 1 ' Ses,; but not' as' hard as flint, whioh' most likely was tho' material used in the . ' work,' I. notico, too, that .tho rook in this chamber .varies from-. almoBt. a dark .red to. puro whito. -That, gives a very striking effect, and tho place allows tho- wisdom of tho ancient sculptors in seleoting it,' the doctor answered.' ? '? Conversing in this manner,* the party gradually mado a tour 6f the great eham bor^ and its interesting rolics. It was 4 o'olock whon Preston looked [it his watoh, and tho explorers decided to leave. . They d|dv this with regret, for thoy folt there was yet a great deal to Bee in the strange place. Thoy noticed that the light which came through the roof waB brought down by tho queer circular openings which they had ob- served on tho summit tho previous day. It was indeed (juito probablo that these had in ''ancient timos been. artificially. formed, for it was hardjo bcii.cve they were simply 'liatni'e'a handiwork; On the eastern side | oiE tho great oavern a niimber of.passagos ? radiated, but the. explorers had not time to search them.- . - ? ..... : ?/ ' On our return Wo may bo ablo to devojter another day to tliis place. It is well wjorth ? it,' Barrows said with fervor. Preston, who had been unusually siient, now spoke. . ' I havo an idea that Leichliardt is hiding j 'in this retreat. We must make a further search at the first opportunity, Ho may.tbe. ; gone a little hore,' the captain concluded,, significantly tapping his forehead 'That might he so,' onswered tho ? doctor. ' What with the* sufferings he must havo endured, and the awful solitude, thoy would be quite enough to unhinge a. man's mind. -Besides, he may have ,.becn . injured'on tho head, either by a fall or in an encounter with blacks. Poor follow,' ! . would like to find him.' ' What a fool I was not to leavo some- ! one hero,' Preston muttered. ' ' One of tho torches was now lighted, and an attempt mado to find the aperturo by which thoy had entered, but in vain. ' Do' you think wo havo comb tho right way ?' Savago asked anxiously. ' Yea. I took' careful note of tho passage, as wo entered, and I am euro this is it,'* Mills answered, ' but (it seema to . me wo. are caught liko that' follow in tho Arabian ?NightB, it- ho got into tho cave and forgptl the magio password whon lie wanted -? to- got-- but.' . '? It was certainly .no time for jesting, and the whole party lighted thoir torohes and set about finding the square atone . which closed tho entrance. The grass and leaves which wero placcd to break its fall had been removed, and thoy oould get no clue from them. Tho fitting , of the stohe was a marvel of ingenuity, for it took nearly half-an-honr to find it. Barrows at last hit upon tho spot, and with tho aid of ' their Bwords tho stone was at last prized back., Eaoh man drew a deep breath of re lief as the welcome daylight poured in, and. they hastily cjumbered. out. The last to leavo was Rennie, and as he stepped out a loud shout of hoarse laughter sounded from within. ' That's the most uncanny placo I have ever been in,' Barrows said, with a slight shudder as they listened. No one replied, but after waiting for a few minutes, and the invisible laughers not repeating thoir merry performance, Preston said : ' Let ua try and put up this stone, though I suppose if we do not others will.'; Forfivo minutes the party tried to do ns, requested, but the attempt, was- an utter: failure, . It was quite impossible tq fix.it ia'. position. When raised there was no means' of getting it into a perpendicular position. Unlike all tho- stones covering secret en trances whioh aro mentioned in legends this slab had no ring to hold on by. ' There is one lesson to be learned from this,' Ronnie remarked, as the party turned away towards the Lucinda, 'Whenever anyone leaves that extraordinary cavern thero must always be one or more left be hind to close the cntrancc.' He was right in his surmise, as will be seen later on. When the Lucinda was again reachod it was near sunset, and each member of the party were quite satisfied with the result of the investigations made, at 'Haunted Peak,' as the place was now. named. In deed, when they looked back at what they.! had gone '.through, a stray thought would, steal into their minds that they had acted ' Jn a rather -foolhardy- manner. Goidg.-into ' auoii places in the -way they: did was. liks courting death, and it struck them all a ' -strange that the Unknown who Bnatched Wills's pistols avvay had. not^at tempted to ' use them Thia question formed the'subject ; of nearly an hour's argument 'that evening over the excellent meal whioh'their comrades who were left on board had prepared for them. ' It must have been no other than Leich liardt himself who did it,' Preston stoutly maintained. ' If there were monkeys in thi; region! would be more inclined to Say it .was one 'of that species which did It,' Rennie answered'' '* It could not have been' an enemy who took them, In inch a place he .could easily have shot two of ue down as we passed him,' waB the argument Willi used, 'Are you sure It was a man. It mjght. have been the ghost of one of those monster ' figures we saw sculptured, on the walls, '? Barrows interjected. . 'It was a very tangible ghost at any. rate.'' the ex-serceant retorted. ' Perhaps it waB a 1 darkie,' and he . did not know how to use the weapons,' Savage suggested. Though a general laugh went round tho. table at this, thore was a good deal in it,' but again Preston returned to his favorite theme, ' You know I am thq only ono alive, I am sorry to Bay' (with a glance at. Bar rows) 'who saw that white man. 'It, was not .more than twenty miles from hore wliero ho was campod, and something in the appearance of that object we aaw to-day put mo in mind of liim. As you know,' Leichliardt waa clothed.in Bkins and]covercd by tlio large rug which ho left in my hands. Tho. blacks in thia region do not wear any aort of covering, and if what we. saw in the ? cavern to-day was a man, it ia almost cer tain it 'was tho person wo are' in search of. Everything favors tho notion, .as Wills s^ys the blacks, uqlcBS controlled by a stronger or less Buperstitioua mind, .would not dare to . enter a place like we explored to-day. Such ; ?a mall as Leichliardt Would bo Just: the ; :peraoti to discover .and rovol in tho rellos 7 whioh abound in the Peak. Ho, is a tist,'yoU know, and ovon.lf be were a little gone in the head ho would probably have lacid moments.' * ' . This argument was somewhat convincing, for Rennie, who was sceptical hitherto: on tho Joint, said. , ' Th-Sre is something in what, yiin say,' ' Cap.'- The man or domon who has control of that placo is no fool. Look at tho way that entranco stone is. fitted. It is a real . triumph of skill, . especially when . you recollbot it' must havo been— or rather, probably was— formed with rudo imple ments.^ I hope when wo return from Mount ' CheorloBa we will solve the mystery.' 'Ah, now you are coming : to ? business, Dixon interrupted, Lie had not explored the recesses of: Haunted Peak, and consequently was not so impressed with its' marvels as the others. His companion during the dtiy, Tield,' baokod him up by saying, - 'Yes, what about the expedition. I have been cooking all sorts of dainties for you this last week, and I hope -they Will not 'bp wasted.' ' No fear of that, Field. If all goes well ,we will make a start to-morrow, j^hat qay . ' you, comrades!' the captuin cried.. '. .'? '.Yes, it is no 'use to waste time hero;'_j 1 camo the unanimous roBponBe. . . y ?» . ? i ' ? 