« THE PIONEER PRIESTS OF NORTH SHORE.' ? SOME EARLY RECOLLECTIONS. In the article bearing the above title, which ap peared some time back in the Freeman, I recog nize, with pleasure, a very old and esteemed friend. I am in a position to certify, if such were required, to the correctness of all ' C. B.'s' personal recol lections of the late-lamented pioneer priests, Dr. Powell and Dean Kenny, whose sterling qualities will be admired and memories revered for genera tions to come at North Sydney. Perhaps you will permit me, Mr. Editor, to add to my friend's re marks a few of my own early recollections of the clergymen named — particularly Dr. Powell — to ?whom so much is due for advancing religion and education in this colony. The last school 1 had the honour and privilege of attending was that referred to by ' C. B.' as having been situated at the corner of Mount and William streets. In 1S62, when that school was erected, the task of collecting the re quired amount for the purpose was, I need scarcely say, no easy matter. At that time, North Sydney (then St. Leonards) was a sparsely-populated suburb, and the community mostly poor. , The means of transit between the metropolis and St. Leonards in those days were not of the speedy and pleasant class that now exist. On the. contrary, they were such as to deter settlement on the north side of Port Jackson ; and it was not until many years afterwards that St. Leonerds became a resi dential suburb for the wealthier classes. However, Dr. Powell and the young teacher (whose name ' C. B.' with characteristic modesty suppresses) were so popular with all classes and denominations of the public that they were not long in securing sufficient funds for their laudable object. The building was a wooden structure, capable of seat ing about 150 pupils, and at that somewhat early period in the history of the now queen suburb it was considered quite a grand edifice. The best of good-fellowship at that time existed amongst the various sects composing the community, and many liberal-minded Protestants sent their children to this Catholic Denominational school, fully appre ciating the worthy struggle that had been made to establish it. [It was not till the Kiama Ghost scare in 1868 that the hyra-headed demon BIGOTRY (print it in caps) showed itself in its detestable guise, and for a short time created an ill-feeling between men of small intellects.] Dr. Powell for years attended this school twice a week to give religious instructions, and woe to the pupil who was neglectful of this de pnrtment of his or her education ! The good Doctor, although ordinarily one of the kindest and most indulgent of men to youth, at times, and under sufficient provocation, knew also how to be severe. He belonged to that old order of Irish priests who regarded it us their duty, when necessary, to administer corporal punishment to the youth of their flock. When parents found a diffi culty in keening their children .under proper sub jection—and although this sorrowful condition of things was not so common years ago as it is to- day, thanks to the Public school system and the conse quent absence of religious training, yet there were isolated cases of disobedience to parental control — Dr. Powell was generally appealed to, and seldom failed to bring the offender to a proper frame of mind. His efforts in this direction were always re warded by the thanks of the parents and almost invariably by the reformation of the backsliders. The Doctor's whip was capable of wonders ! 11 C B.'s' reference to Dr. Powell's buckjumping pony reminds me of the fact that that animal— a Welsh pony was he, of extraordinary endurance, and almost unequalled either in saddle or harness — became the property of my father. He afterwards came into my own possession by inheritance, and I kept this .useful old servant until he died, some twenty yews afterwards, aged (according to the most reliable authorities I could rind) about 40 years. Dr. Powell had evident trouble in getting rid of this quadruped, inasmuch as he was obliged to raffle him three times before finally parting with him On the first two occasions the winners, either from fear of ' Taffy ' or from a noble spirit of generosity, or perhaps a little of both feelings com bined, asked his Reverence to accept the animal back as a present. Dr. Powell, notwithstanding his 18-stone weight, was a capital horseman, and also an excellent judge of a horse. No man appreciated a good mount better than he, und he was in the habit of frequently changing his horses until he got a good roadster, and one up to his heavy weight. However, as remarked by ' C.B.,' the Doctor's horses Avere all presents, so that he never lost by exchanging or selling them. When I was a. very young lad — I am almost afraid to compute the number of years that have flown since — my father and Dr. Powell v/ers the nearest neighbours, and were most intimate friends. My father was in the habit of lending the Doctor a very fine hackney whenever ho required it. So pleased was Dr. Powell with the animal that he remarked, after riding him the first time : — ' Mr. 'W ? ,1 have ridden a great many horses in my time, both at home and abroad, but the equal of yours I never before crossed.' The Doctor offered a high price for the horse, but he was not for sale. Not long afterwards, however, the horse was stolen, and although high rewards were offered for his recovery and advertisements set ting forth a full and particular description of him appeared in the G ovehnment Gazette and in some twenty newspapers, he was heard of no more by his owner. Two years afterwards, notwithstanding that every effort had been made to rind the animal, Dr. Powell made the extraordinary offer of £10 for the chance of getting him. He said to my father : ' If you accept the offer, I will write a full descrip tion of the horse to every priest in the country dis tricts, and these, with the aid of their congrega tions, will find him if he is alive and in the colony.' My father did not take this sanguine view of the case, and. of course, refused to accept the Doctor's , too-generous offer. I relate this incident merely to show how fond the rev. gentleman was of a good horse, and at the same time luw little value he placed on money. The good old Doctor's generosity, although profuse, considering the means at his dis posal, was quite equalled by the geniality and sociality of his character. Possessed of these happy qualities, Dr. Powell was in the habit of giving occasional parties. These parties were composed principally of clergymen, but some members of the laity were also invited. At these gatherings music (of which the Doctor was passionately fond) formed a cnief feature. Dr. Powell himself had a powerful and cultured voice, and was equally successful in either sacred or secular song. In those days there dwelt at St. Leonards a violinist named Signer Stronghi, or, anglicized, Mr. Strong. This gentleman will be remembered by old resi dents of Sydney as having occupied at one time the position of leader of the orchestra at the old Vic toria Theatre. He was also the composer of a once popular piece of music, which was dedicated to the Honourable George Thornton, entitled 'The Pull Away Polka.' This piece was composed in cele bration of the sculling contest between Dick Green, the then champion of Australia, and Bob Chambers for the Championship of England. Another old identity of 'the Shore,' named Robert Burrows (long since gathered to his fathers), was always conspicuous at the Doctor's parties in the capacity of waiter. After one of these assemblies, Robert had a most peculiar dream — the result, no doubt, of a too free indulgence in the good things of the table. He dreamt that he and a gentleman named Pope— a little man, he thought, not unlike the late Alexander, the eminent English bard, of that ilk — were dining with the Doctor. When in the act of rising from the table, the Doctor, who during the meal had been in a most amiable and friendly mood, terrified Mr. Burrows by address ing him as follows: — 'Now, Burrows, I will give you five minutes to compose a few lines in verse appropriate to this occasion. If you fail your life will pay the penalty of such failure.' Not possess ing any poetie genius, Robert's feelings may be better imagined than described ; and to add to his terror Dr. Powell appeared to hold in his hand a large carving- hnife, whioh he continued to flourish in a most threatening manner. Fortunately for Robert, the Goddess of Poetry inspired him before the termination of the five minutes, and the follow ing lines were the result of that inspiration :— ' Tivo man dined with Powell the Priost, Bob Borrows aud a man named Pope— Tho table ib groaned with tho weight of the feast, Which consisted of fish — And they soon polisbed the dish. Aud there's no hiivm done, sir, I hope.' 'Bravo, Burrows, bravo!' exclaimed the Doctor. 'Those lines have saved your life.' Burrows narrated his dream to the Doctor, who took it as a very good joke, and was highly amused. 'C B.'s ' reference to Dr. Powell having been thrown from a 'buckjumper' twice reminds me that he had a much more unusual and dangerous experience on one occasion. He found it necessary in connection with his sacred office one dark, wet. night to leave his bed, and on going to call his servant man, who slept in a detached room some distance from the main building, he had the misfor tune to fall down an old and unprotected well. Happily, the well was only some ten feet in depth, and contained about three feet of water— just suffi cient to break the fall. The Doctor's cries for help reached th e ears of a neighbour and those of the man servant, and with the assistance of a ladder which, by the way, was not readily procured, the Doctor was enabled to gain, terra firma, little the worse for his adventure. 1 may state that the acci dent did not deter the good priest from visiting the sick man that night, and administering the consola tions of Holy Church. As stated by UC. B.,'' Dr. Powell's parish was a very extensive one ; and I need scarcely say that amongst a primitive people, many of whom had been unavoidably denied the blessings of education, he had many rough diamonds in his congregations. An incident relating to one of these ' rough dia monds' is, perhaps, worth recalling. This parishioner had been ill for some time and unable to attend church. One day the Doctor called to see how the patient was, and, inquiring very kindly as to the state of his health, he was doubtless somewhat taken by surprise when he received this reply : 'Well, I thank your reverence for asking after me, but all 1 have to say is that I'm bad, your reverence, ? bad.' Swearing came as natural to this man as laziness to an Australian aboriginal, and had no meaning. Besides, he had the excuse of having been a bullock-driver for many years, and up to a recent date men of that calling were privileged to iise strong expletives without any one dreaming of taking offence thereat. Dean Kenny, who was appointed to the cure on the retirement of Dr. Powell, was in many respects the direct antithesis of his predecessor. The only matters in which their characters harmonized were, perhaps, their undoubted piety, philanthropy, and generosity. But whilst Dr. Powell was indis criminate in his charity and generosity, never seem ing to inquire as to whether his open-handedness was misplaced or otherwise.so long as he was afforded the pleasure of Jgiving, Dean Kenny, on the other hand, was ever cautious in ascertaining the character of the party seeking aid, or the nature of the object for which his generosity was solicited. In regard to the habits of his people the Doctor was not too inquiring or vigilant, being generally satisfied so long as he saw them regularly at church. The Dean, on the contrary, by reason of his own particularly methodical, punctual, and scrupulous habits, was somewhat exacting as to those of others ; and any breach of good conduct or manners, however slight, rarely escaped his keen observation. I remember a member of his congregation at St. Mary's (St. Leonards) — a native of the 'Isle of Saints ' — offen- ded the susceptibility of the Dean by a nasty habit of smoking a pipe almost to the church door, and re-lighting his 'dhudeen' almost immediately after getting outside the sacred edifice. The Dean commented on this circumstance to the following effect : 'I observe a little man (the cul prit was five feet two inches in his boots) in the congregation who is in the habit of smoking a dirty little black pipe up to the very porch of the church; and he re-lights his dirty little black pipe with the utmost despatch, not even waiting till he gets beyond the church grounds to do so. I trust this reference to the matter will have the desired effect of preventing this dirty little black pipe from being so conspicuously in evidence in future.' Needless to say, the dirty little black pipe was no more seen within the precincts of the church property. Some of the local wags made the pipe episodo a joke against poor Pat for many a day afterwards. It was, ' Well, Pat, and how do you like the Dean r' and the stereotyped reply was : 'He is too severe — not like the dear old Doctor ; but then the Dean is a Scotsman.' Perhaps Pat thought that some apology was due on behalf of the Dean on account of his nationality. R. B. W., Murriitnburrah. 