OURI NOJWA NOWA ILETEIR. (FRO-st on OWN CORnnESPON'DENT.) Thursday, March 17. Your rainfall statistics aflbrd reflective reading in the gully-iidden district where the blind watercourses of the average New Year are swollen with the pride of creeks; and the normal creeks are rolling down to the sea with all the pomp and circum stance of regal rivers. The oldest inhabi tant-even Nowa Nowa boasts of one when diligently inquired for-remembers so such season for many a year, and the new-comer has no choice but to accept his dictum and furbish up his own rusty curses for useful reference to the rain rutted roads (?) when lie wishes to take an intelligent interest in conversation. Yesterday we were visited by a second luass cyclone. The morning had been hne, with a warm, balmy, spring feeling n the air. The sky was serenely blue, and the taller gums reposed langourously in the placid sunshine. A green light tuffused itself stealthily amongst the lower foliage and tree boles, and a fet white, loecy clouds arrived later upon tihe scene, apologetically, as though conscious of intruding upon the calm. But this was all make believe on their part. They were merely waiting for their cue. It came like a sighing among the sedges. There was a rustle of the stringies, a stam pede of screaming cockatoos, a blinding shower and a blurr of wind-worried leaves, an avalanche of caudle bark and wrienched nd storm-twisted branches, and the aecond-class cyclone was upon us. Dodg. ing Pompey was child's play in compari son with the exercise enforced upon your " constant reader " inl his efforts to elude tihe rollicking eucalypti and tile portions hereof which tumbled over and made roles in tihe ground and got up again and ran after him, out of pure devilment and a laudable desire to secure a copy of 'The .tirnedale Advertiser which was career iug on the wings of the wind and increas ing its circulation with a rapidity com mensurate with its admitted merits. The had, wicked, wintry weather is not with out its compensations, however. It has proved a caution to snakes and Indian hawkers, who affect a liking for warmer temperature and have been providentially scarce in this district of late. The Orhost Shire Council, as a matter of ancient history, have in their corporate wisdom, decreed that there shall be a bridge over Boggie Creek. Some wag started the rumor it would be open by Christmas, but lhe did not commit himself by mentioning which particular year of our Lord. The up-to-date wallabies and cattle drovers have, meanwhile, to content themselves with the ford designed in the paleozoic ages, which is good enough so long as the water is not too high. We have been so long accustomed to make our own tracks, and dig ourselves out of them unaided, that any sort of a Govern ment contract will make the laughing jackasses raise their tails and hoot music. Occasionally a wild rumor from Mount Tara is borne down upon us of some lucky find, or some lucky claim of a lucky syndicate, but it passes through so many months beforie reaching here that one has to allow a liberal discount in negotiating any of the anecdotes. You get the news, whatever, is going at first hand from your correspondents on the scene, and much of what we have dished up as brand new news is a re-hash of what somebody has read originally in your columns. Tlhe Adverliser is, after the letter from one's best girl, the most welcome item in our weekly mail bag. I read out aloud one of your funny paragraphs last week, to the effect that the Government intended to protect kangaroos, ,red and gray, all the year round. fiteglectcd to chain up tihe dog before doing so-sihe was a valuable kangarooer, and sniffs the air daily for the now extinct marsupial. She mounted a log as soon as the word kangaroo was mentioned, went through the mimicry of sniffing for the scent, then lifted up her voice and howled-" Protect the kanga= roo ! " I understood her to say, " Protect his ghost." Fetch along the giant king fisher, that something can be found that can even laugh at the thought-" After death send for tile doctor." Perhaps it was a misprint for wa)laby. The last kangaroo's funeral was held here six months ago. 