A ROYAL GHOST. An apparition has been seen m Windsor Castle. An officer of the Grenadier Guards, who would probably prefer to lead the for- lornest of forlorn hopes rather than to have to make an admission so eminently calculated to bring ridicule and chaff upon him, sticks to his assertion that he has seen something, whioh he believes to be supernatural in Windsor Castle. The officer in question is Lieut. A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd Batn. Grena dier Guards. To commence with, the story first appeared in the 'Petit Journal,' of Paris. What was therein stated must be characterised as absurd to a degree. The inhabitants of Windsor Castle are not in any state of terror about the matter, and the recruiting of the night guard has not become a matter of difficulty because of any awe on the part of the soldiers. The guardsmen would prefer feminine company, even if it were only the ghost of Queen Elizabeth, rather than solitude. Nor have any dread ful portents been deduced from anything which has happened. But after ridicule haa Deen neapea upon the Jbrench news about the state of affairs at Windsor, infor mation was received that something strange had undoubtedly been reported upon high authority. the bishop op petebbobovoh, for instance, had told several people about an uncanny appearance, and the bishop's nephew, Lieut. Glyn, was mentioned as one who was prepared to vouoh for a strsnge occurrence. Investigation of the matter was not easy. The Bishop of Peterborough had gone abroad. - Lieut. Glyn was in Argyll shire. The Castl6 authorities were at Osborne, in Scotland, or on the Continent ; and even hardened reporters did not care to ask too ostentatiously in Sunday's sunlight for information about Queen Elizabeth's ghost. At length, however, the mother of Lieut. Glyn, the Hon. Mrs. Sidney Carr Glynn, was found, and this lady astonished the inquiring newspaper man by remarking quietly, in reply to the question introducing this eerie topic, that there was truth in the matter. From the communication the lady then proceeded to make it appear that this Royal phantom is no mere conventional spirit. ' it did not wait until midnight to sound before it appeared ; it did not groan or even beckon ; and, moBt unaccountable circumstance of all in a castle like this,' it did not make the customary olanking noises. The Hon. Mrs. Sidney Carr Glynn said : — ' It is perfectly true that my son has wit nessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the libeaby of Windsor Castle reading a boos, the ' History of Dorsetshire,' to be exact. As he read, he . became aware of somebody passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner whioh was out of view as my son sat, and he did not take muoh notice, think ing it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just 4 in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady was who waB at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. ' Then where oould she be ?' asked the attendant, having ascer tained that nobody was in the inner room. 'She must have gone out of a door in the oorner,' said my son. indi cating the corner to whioh the figure had 'passed. 'But there is.no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think very muoh about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant, having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmest Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the Appaeition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records' that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieut. Glyn was the first man in our- time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor- also asked my son about it, and several.: members of the Royal Family have inter viewed him on the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am given to understand that he- has spent nightB and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a- visitation.' The Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn the famous Crimean veteran, and father of \ Lieut. Glyn, here entered the room, and upon learning of the topic under discussion, said — ' If my son says he has seen anything, you may take it from us that he has seen it. He- is a fresh, honest English boy, only a subal tern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and unlike some guardsmen fond of reading. He wouldn't exaggerate any- . thing a hair's breadth. Both the Hon. and Mrs. Sidney Carr Glyn gave permission for- . the publication of this statement by their ' son, subject to the sanction of Lieut. Glyn. On Sunday night a wire was despatched to- Lieut. Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and the next morning oame- the answer, 'Certainly, if you like. — Glyn,. Grenadiers, Islay.' Whebe the Ghost Wades. Mr. R. R. Holmes, F.S.A., the librarian- - of the Castle, was next seen by the inter viewer, who wrote : — Mr. Holmes conducted1 me to the scene of the alleged apparition. He pointed out the chair ocoupied by Mr. Glyn, whioh stands on the east side of the- first room, and I seated myself in it. Im mediately before me was a large globe, look ing past whioh a few Steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of whioh are lined with books, there being windows on the left hand, and a series of bays on the right, various windows of whioh looked down upon the- terrace. At the far end of the gallery is a turret, 2 windows of whioh looking on the: west made a broadish space of light, against . which any figure traversing the galleiy- would be sharply silhouetted. On the south side of the gallery — which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by her as a pic ture gallery in whioh she was accustomed to walk, and wherein she devised, or reflected, upon, those masterpieces of statecraf twhich. have made her reputation what it is— stands _ a fine chimney-piece over whioh the bust of: the 'Virgin Queen' looks down somewhat: severely upon the spot where her shade has- been so recently seen. It is here that Mr. Glyn says he saw the apparition whioh, passing from him along the gallery, turned sharply to the right, and disappeared into' the bay from whence in former times a stair case led down to the terrace, on which also - Queen Elizabeth was wont to promenade. - Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had'. iuo Reputation op Being Haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His own recolleotion of the- story dates from 27 years ago, and he has- been in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in the gallery for Beveral years in the hope of" encountering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumour to the effeot that the" Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her- visiting "Windsor shortly hopes to seoure- some corroboration or denial of the rumour. . . . 