; - '- O'BBIBN'B B0HO0&. . - ..:...= . (Foe the Freeman.) , i ' Poor Soribb (%.) : ? V Like an idle tale, Life's fieoting paatj sic transit gloria mundi, 'Ho,; ho ! it comes, hold not go fast : Cacoothcsscribondi.' '?'. * ! JUVENAIi. Haste! Eve the muse again refuse, seize paper, ink, and pen, 'Boys will be boys' — 'tis true — some day they ?will be men. 'More copy? — Eh! so soon?' Ah, this peace forsaken game. A pressman's life is rosy, aye— a picture without Duet-stained and smoked, curled up at ends, with crinkle and with crease Across its face in checker lines, relieved with stainB of grease — The colours of its early life, ah ! say where now are they ? (For e'en a pressman once possessed a childhood's early day), The roseate tints of boyhood, the purple golden hues ? (Ed. : ' But this is bosh — not copy. Send copy up instanter. Great Scott ! the compo.'s cry again, queer time for idle banter.') Then strike the strings, the Muse now sings, to paper and to pen ; Hoys once were boys, 'tiB true; to-day those boys are men. This as a theme should do. I'll try— grim Want ne'er knoweth rule. I'll sing a lay of bygone days at John O'Brien's school. The school-house stood up stout and strong, 'twas central in the town, And as the scholars added eums, or reached their primers down, Through the open windows floating, came the noisy tramp of feet ; The schoolroom voices mingled with the noises of the street — 'Sit up straight, Pat O'Connor;' 'Stand out here, Brown and Ryan' ; ' I am, thou art, he is,' assailo the listening ear. Now music from the roadway, the strains both loud and clear. Each scholar's ear is strained, ench pupil's eye now glistens, Though their books still closely scanning, each one attentive listens. 'Name the chief towns, oir, of Connaught, and some of the producto of the people' ; 'Fish all alive !' comes on the breeze; the clock bell in. the steeple Clangs out the passing hour, and the lauy boy is sighin', For the hour of play io yet ias oS — the grammar lesson trying. /' Speak up, Pat King, no whispering. Tell who ?' built the walls of Rome ?' ' Say, Bill, ole pard, this mob we'll yard, and then make tracks for home.' Thus thro' the morn the time wore on, and the noises of the town, Through the open windows floating, strove the schoolroom voice to drov/n. In those days things went well enough ; the world went smoothly, too, And I'll pit the old-time scholar against the brand that's new. The boy who needs nice, genteel work to mix with I 'nicest people' In 'Lands' or 'Works,' hard work he shirks, sans wit, sana grit, and feeble. His coat ' quite up to date, you know,' his style of speech affected, Yet who will say the boy's at fault ? what better sure's expected ? But the old-time style was solid, and language plain is good For the sunburnt, back-block's bushman, our country's bone and blood, Who'll fight the hardest season, the flood, the fire, the drought. The old-style boy can do it — say, may he be done without ? He'll hold his own where'er he roam, position high or low. And he'll take a power of beating, this is not idle blow, For 'blows have fallen thick on him, Dame Fortune oft has frowned. Yet the old-style boy came through it all and never yet was downed, And the stamp of boy Australia needs is not this new- style brand (In the balance they're found wanting) — 'tis good John O'Brien's brand. The wand of Time, the hand of Time, its trail soon lays behind. Now John O'Brien's scholars are scattered to the wind. Some hied them East and some went West, 'neath distant skies they roam, Just three or four, perhaps there's more, remain behind at home. (And these do think their lot is hard, their days seem long and weary, Into each life some rain must fall, some days be dark and dreary.) Some now are teaching school themselves, where the noisy city hums ; Some shear the wooly ?? jumbucks,' 'mid the wattles and the gums ; Some speed the plough, and these, I trow, 'mid Nature's smiling vernal Are blither, jollier, aye, than those 'mid ledger caehbook, journal. Yes, here, and there, and everywhere — in court, in camp, in grove, You'll meet O'Brien's scholar— all times a genial ' cove.' And some have crossed the ranges— to where 'the undiscovered bourne' Lies shadowy and silent, from where there's no return. But when at last Life'o journey's past, in a brighter, happier land Let's hope they'll meet, and fondly greet, both Old and New Style brand. Ah, me ! the years, the flitting years, their ceaselesB change do bring, See the Autumn leaf ocarce vanished — lo ! the vio lets and the Spring. Sweet Summer hours they say are long — Life's summer hours are brief, An arrow's flight scarce awifter — see ! the ser6, the yellow leaf. Half of man's lotted span near flown, yet seemo but yesternoon, I sat among the scholars, the new boy all forlorn ; To-night, I sit in durance vile, on a dusty office otool. Now close mine eyes — once more I ait in John O'Brien's school. The same old maps adorn the walla ; see, the black board's sable face ; The old familiar book-press, too, Btands in its wonted place ; In yon corner near the rostrum, 'twas there I learnt to spell, See, the ghost is at the banquet, too — the cane I know so well ; Yet a brighter vision's breaking in the chimney corner there, The 'modulator's' smiling still, 'twas there we learnt the air Of ' Home, Sweet Home,' and sang it, too, with school-boy voices shrill. But, huBh ! — the school-clock's striking. I feel the same bid thrill, One, two, three, four ! the school- day o'er, the scholars homeward bound. A startled yell here breaks the spell, ' Hi, send them ' proofs' around.' 3\. A. M. Bathurst, 11th December, 1897. 