SABBATH BREAKING. By Rev. H. J- Alcock, M.'A. It appears to me that a erying ini quity in Kerang, is spending Sunday in a way which God has forbidden, and setting at defiance God's plain_ com mands. Though a stranger I wish to raise my voice against this sinful prac tice, which simultaneously starves a person's spiritual natnre and makes provision for the growth of vicious inclinations. Indeed, I am called up on as the incumbent of the Church of England so to do. God says lo all men in my position " Thon shalt hear the word from My meuth and warn them from Ale. If thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity, but his blood will I require at thy hand." (Ezek. xxxiii. 7-) As I do not wish any man's blood required at my hand, I have no choice, then, save to speak out. Nor will it suffice to speak in church, as the persons whom I wish to benefit are generally absent. 1 f we hear the word from God'6 month, as suggested in the verse quoted, we shall have no difficulty in learning how Sunday should be kept. More than once has He laid down " Ye shall k«ep My sabbath and reverence My sanc tuary : I am the Lord" — (Lev. xix. 30 and xxvi. 2). The meaning of this is obvious. God teaches " One day in seven have I set apart for the worship of Myself ; take heed ye observe it by being in My house of prayer aud praise. If you disobey, you disobey at your peril, for the command comes frem the God in whose hand your breath is and whose are all your ways" — (Dan v. 28). The importance of Sabbath-keeping may be judgid from the fact that it was one of the two ordinances appoin ted in the Garden of Eden. Marriage as understood in Christendom, viz., the union of one man and one woman, was taught by the union of Adam and Eva, to be the keystone of proper society and domestic islicity. The sanctificatisn of one day in seven, for the repose of the body and the refresh ment ef the immortal spirit, was at the same time shown to be indispensably needful — (Gen. ii. 3). When God selected Israel He repub lished in an audible voice, heard of all the people (Deufc v. verses 2, 4, 22) the ten commandments, placing them all on tbe same level. Here, then, liter ally and truly from the ' mouth'' cf God, did we a second time in the most awful and impressive manner receive an order to sanctify one day iu seven, because " it is the Sabbath" of the Lord and God — (verse 14). But this is not all. In the "parallel passage (Ex. xx. 11) we read "The Lord blessed the Sabbath Day and hallowed it." This means that if God set apart the seventh day to be kept holy, He graciously attached a large blessing to the obedience of His people who honor His commands and obey them. Aud all experience proves that to sincere public Sunday wersbip is over attached & spiritual blessing, which is not to be had elsewhere. The first day of the week has been observed, since the infancy of Christianity ia honor of our Lsrd's resurrection, and it is our own fault if we do not have a spiritual rising every Sunday above this wicked weary world. Thus ale outwork becomes sweetened for the six ensuing days of labor, aud we our- solves At® atr<ra gfUoueA lot any butdens that may lie befre us. So far for the order of God to his ancient people. Now for their response. They set him at defiance even as dc many people in Kerang, notwithstand ing the remonstances of the prophets raised up ef God for their warning. I shall refer to the three leading prophets to illustrate what I eay. W e read " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sab bath, from doing tin/ pleasure on M» boly day and call the Sabbatb a de light, the holy of the Lord, honorable ; and shalt honor Him, not <loiv< / f/qhe men iv/t.'/r, nor .ihi'liiii/ thine own plei- gnre, nor speaking thine own we rds ; then thou shalt delight thyself iu the Lord and I will cause thee to ride upon tbe high places of the earth" — (Isaiah Iviii, 13-14). In this Hebrew figura tive language we are taught thai the Sabbath is to be looked upon as holy ground, from which the foot of pleasure and business are to be alike withdrawn. We are to indulge in neither on God'e holy day, because He has Himself so commanded. Then comes the promise of both pleasure and profit on the sup position of obedience ; we shall find a delight in the Lord and be made to rid upon the high places. Again in Jeremiah (ehap. xvii. 19 to 27) we read of worldly men who would attend to their secular business, and bear burdens on the Sabbath day. They are cautioned more than once, and warned that iu case of disobedience Jerusalem would be destroyed (ver.27). The reader cannot seoff at my warning more than Israel did at the warning ef Jeremiah, and what was the result '? Read bis " Lamentations" and you will learn. The King, the Lord's anointed feban iv. 20) and had his sons slain before his face and then his own eyes blinded— (Jer. xxxix. 0-7). Here we learn his nobles 'also were slain, but not until they had been disi honored and tortured by being suspen- 4ed by we bond ; wbUe tbsir wives and daughters were outraged — (Lam. v. 11-12). Believe me, reader, it is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of ' the living Gad ; after that the time ot our probation is over and the cup of our iniquity is full. I shall not at length refer to the warn ings of Ezekiel, or of others. Read his prophecy (chap. xx. 12-18 and xxii. 8 and 2G, and you willffind solemn ex hortations which were scorned, but with the terrible consequences which we have seen. Christianity is not a reli gion with outward and visible sanctions of this earth such as the Mosaic bad. The punishment of those who despise it lie in futurity, and are as much more awful than the woes of ancient Jeru salem as eternity is greater than time. Read what our future Judge Himself says respecting tliose who give way iq besetting sins, in Mark ix. 42 to 5Q. Let ine now contemplate Sabbath breaking from an entirely different standpoint, viz., as a test or criterion of a person's spiritual condition. Hea= ven is a prepared placa for a prepared people, who live in an atmosphere of spiritual intercourse with their God and fellow-saints. On earth a man cahn'otrdiseem the evil of sin. and tff« beauty of Roliuess unlffss he have bebn divinely quickened by the Holy Ghost (2 Cor. v. 17), and when this blessed change has been TOeugb the «uwe4 man trill rejoice to gratify the impulses of his renewed natnre by attending the met&s; of grace. Let persons ask themselves if they would enjoy heaven, if they prefer to Sunday worship, idle gossip or card-playing, or reading Bevels and newspapers, or loiter ing at heme and drinking more than is goed for them, or pleasure hunting by drives in their buggy. What an ex ample are persons of the class 1 des cribe catting te their children and neighbors ! loenalude by saying Psalm 84 exhibits the character «f those -who are in Para dise. Such parties would rejoiee to be u God's house every Sunday, morning and evening. They would lose no opportunity ef showing their love and reipeet for their God. And, indeed, they would be conscious, save in case of necessity, that abstinence from morning worship renders the heart on Sunday evening dull and cold, and little calculated to receive a blessing. I trust my remarks will offend no one. If any grow angry I weald ask thane, sfi did Si Pa.nl. " Am 7 f.liaro. fore become year enemy because I tell you the truth ?" — (Gab iv. 16). Do you wish to say to me, as did the an cient Hebrews, " Prophesy net unto us right things. Speak unto us smooth things. PrepheBy deceits ?" — (Isaiah xxx. 10) Anyhow, I am sure I should offend God were I not to have written. My only wish in writing is to bring Sabbath-br.akers out of the bondage of. Satan, into the liberty of Christ, and to become the instrument of causing them to approach that loving blessed Saviour, who condescends to be acces sible to every humble trusting sianer. 