THE STORYTELLKB ' The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek 'War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER IV. For the next two days Nicholas almost entirely devoted himself to Mitsos. He took the boy out shooting with him, and taught him how to stand absolutely still, how to take advantage of the slightest cover in approaching game, and how, if there was no cover, to wriggle along the ground so that the coarse, tall grass and heather entirely concealed him. There were plenty of roe-deer on the hil's outside Nauplia towards Epidaurus, and they had two days' excellent shooting. They were walking home together after sunset the next evening. Nicholas's pony was being led by Mitsns, and slung over its back were two roe Qeer — one of which Mitsos had shot himself — and several hares, which Nicholas, with a skill that appeared almost superhuman to the boy, had shot running. The p^ny was tired, and hung back on the bridle, and Mitsos, with the rope over his shoulder, was pulling more than leading it. ' And if,' Nicholas was saying to him, ' if you can approach a roe-deer as you approached that one to-day, Mifsos, without being' 6een, you can also approach a man in the same way, for man is more stupid than roe-duer, as a rule. And I'.e waited for the ch dinar tension of tie rope, still silent, still with eyes shut. But iusteai of that he felt two hands on his shoulders and fingers at the knot behiud, ani he opened Irs eyes. The third man, -who liad been silent, was standing in front of him.— Chapti:k IV. it is very important when you are hunting man, or being hunted by him — which is quite as excit ing and much less pleasant — that you should be able to approach him or pass by him ?without being seen. It may be, Mitsos, that I shall need before very long men who can hunt men, or, if need be, be hunted by them. In two days I shall be going away, but I shall leave this gun behind for you.' ' For me, Uncle Nicholas ? ' said Mitsos, scarcely believing his ears. ' Yes, but it shall be no toy-thing to you. For the present you must go out every day shooting, but you must treat it as a matter concerning your life and death, instead of the life and death of a piece of meat. Stalk erery roe as if it were a man ' who would kill you if he saw you, and if ever it eees you before you get a shot, you must consider that you have simply wasted your time and my gift to you. But go fishing, too, and treat that seriously Don't go sailing about to amuse your self, or only to catch fish. Before you start settle exactly how you are to get anywhere, in two tacks or three, and do it. Practise taking advantage of a wind which blows no stronger than a man ?whistling.' ' I can sail a boat asrainst anyone in Nauplia,' said Mitsos proudly. ' That is good, but you can't sail a boat per fectly yet. For instance, we ought to have got across in two tacks last night. And study the winds ; know what wind to expect in the morn ing, and know exactly when the land breeze springs up. Go outside the harbour, too ; know the shapes of the capes and inlets of the gulf out side, as you know the shape of your own hand.' '* But how can I shoot and fish, and also look after the vines and get work in other vineyards in the autumn ? ' ' That will also be settled. Obey your father absolutely. I have spoken to him. Also you stop at home too much in the evenings. Go and sit at the cafes in the town, and play cards and draughts after dinner. Keep your ears always open, and remember all you hear said by anyone about these Turks. When I come back you muBt be able to tell me, if I ask you, who are good Greeks, who would risk somethine for the sake of their wives and children, and who are lazy dolts, who care for nothing but to drink their sour wine, and live pig -lives. Above all, remember that you haven't seen me for a year, or two, if you like.' MitsoB laughed. ' It won't be a year, really, before you come again, will it 'r ' ' Perhaps more. I can't tell. What you must not do is to waste time. You are full young, Mit bos, but, but — well, we shall nee when I come back'. Here we are on the plain again. Give me that lazy brute's bridle. Are you tired, little one?'' ' Hungry, chiefly.' i( So am I. But luckily it is a small thing whether one is hungry or not. You will learn some day what it is to be lead beat ; so hungry that you can't eat ; so tired that you can't sleep. And, when that day comes, God send you a friend to look after you, or, at least, a dram of brandy. By-the-way, never drink brandy unless you feel you will die if you don't. Well, that's enough advice for the present. If you remember it. all you will do well,' Nicholas went to see the Mayor of Nam ilia the next day, and told Mitsos he had to put on his best clothes, and come with him. His best clothes were, of course, Albanian, consisting of a frilled shirt, an embroidered jacket, fustanella, gaiters, and red shoes with tassels. To gay that he loathed best clothes as such would be a weak way of stat ing the twitching discomfort they produced in him ; but, somehow, when Nicholas was there, it seemed to him natural to wish to look smart, and he fouud himself regretting that his fustanella had not been very freshly washed, and was getting too short, for his long legs. The Mayor received Nicholas with great re spect, and ordered his wife to bring in coffee and spirits for them both. He looked at Mitsos with interest as he came in, and as Mitsos thought nodded to Nicholas, as if there was some under standing between them. When coffee had come and the woman had left the room, Nicholas drew his chair closer, and beckoned to Mitsos to come to him. ' This is the woung wolf,' he said. ' He is learning to hunt for himself.' _ 'So that he may hunt for others,' said the Mayor. ' ' Exactly. I have to leave to-morrow, and while I am away I want you to keep very quiet. I have done all I wanted to do here, and I t\ act things to simmer for a while. There has been much harm done in Athens by men who cannot hold their tongues. As you know, the patriots there are collecting money and men, but they are so proud of their subscriptions, which are very large, that they must simply tell everybody about it. Here, I want no talking. When the time comes Father Andrea will speak ; he will put the simmering pot on the fire. I would give five years of my life to be able to talk as he can talk.' ' The next five years ¥ ' asked Dimitri. Nicholas smiled. ' Well, no, not the next five years. I would not give them up for fifty thousand years in hea ven. By-the-way, have you any corn ? ' ' Black corn for the Turk ? ' ' Of course.' Dimitri glared at Mitsos, and raised his eye brows. ' They are grinding black corn for the Turk,' he said. ' Let there be no famine.' Mitsos, of course, understood nothing of this, ani his uncle did not think fit to enlighten him. ' You will hear more about the black corn,' he said to him. ' At present forget that you have heard of it at all. Have you got those men for me?' he asked, turning to Limitri. ' Yes ; do you want them to-day ? ' ' No, Mitsos will go with me as far as Nemea, and they had better join me there. Turkish dregs, you know.' He rose, leaving the brandy untasted. :' Will you not drink ? ' asked Dimitri. ' No, thanks. I never drink brandy. One does not drink medicine when one is well.' Nicholas left next day towards evening, for there would be a moon rising soon after sunset, and during the day the plain was a grilling rack. Already also it, was safer for Greeks to travel by night, for it was known and suspected among the Turks that some movement was going on among them, and it had several times happened before now that an attack had been made upon country men, who were waylaid and stopped in solitary mountain paths by bands of Turkish soldiers. They were questioned about the suspected designs of their nation, on which subject they for the most part knew nothing, as the plans of their leaders were at present kept very dark, and the interview often ended iu their being shot or hung from a tree. But through the incredible indolence and laziness of the Turks, while they feared and sus pected what was going on, they contented them selves with stopping and questioning men whom they happened to see travelling from one place to another, and kept no watch upon the roads at night. Nicholas, of course, knew this, and when as now he was making a long journe}' into a dis affected part of the country, where his presence would at once have aroused suspicion, he travelled by night, reaching the village where he was going to stay before daybreak, and not moving again till after dark. Accordingly he and Mitsos set off after dinner across the plain to Corinth. The main road led through Argos, which they avoided, keeping well to the right of the river bed. The horses were fresh, and moved along steadily at that quick amble which covers almost as much ground as a trot. By 10 o'clock the moon was up, and they saw in front of them the village-of Phyctia. Then again they made a detour to the right in order to avoid it, for a garrison of Turks were stationed there, turning off a mile before they got to it, so as not even to run the risk of awakening the dogs. Their way lay close under the walls of the ancient Mycenae, where it was reported that a treasure of curious antique gold had lately been found, and as they were in plenty of time to reach Nemea by midnight Nicholas halted here for a few minutes, and he and Mitsos looked wonderingly at the great walls of the citadel. ' They say the kinars of Greece are buried here,' said Nicholas. ' There will be kings of Greece asraiu before long.' Beyond Mycenre they struck a mountain path leading through the woods, which joined a few miles further up the main road from Corinth to Argos, and as it was now late, and the ways were quiet, Nicholas saw no reason for not taking this road as soon as they struck it, and they wound their way up along the steep narrow path towards it. The moon had cleared the top of Mount Elias behiud them and shone with a great light, as clear as running water. Mitsos was riding first, more than half asleep, and ? letting his pony pick its way among the big stones and boulders which strewed the rough path, when suddenly it shied violently, nearly .unseating him, and wheeled round. He woke with a start and grasped the rope bridle, which he had tied to the woodeu saddle-board to check it. Nicholas's pony had shied too, but he was the first to turn it round a^ain, and Mitsos, who had been' carried past him, dismounted and led his pony, who was trembling with fright, up to the other Nicholas had dismounted too, and was standing at the point where the bridle path led into the main road when Mitsos came up. ' What did they shy at 'r1' Mitt-os began, when suddenly he saw what Nicholas was lookiug at. From a tree at the junction of the piths hung the figure ot a man. His arms were extended limply by his side and his feet dangled some two feet from the ground. The vope had cut the skin of his neck and blood was sprinkled on the front of his white linen tunic. Above the sti angling line which went round his neck the muscles were thick and swollen with congested blood. But Nicholas only stopped a moment, and then, throwing his bridle to Mitsos, drew his knife and cut him down. The two horses shied so violently as Nicholas staggered forward with his murdered burden that Mitsos could not hold them both, and letting go of hiB own clung with both hands to the bridle of Nicholas's, while his own animal galloped off down the path homewards. He quieted the other by ' degrees, and led him past into the main road, where he tied him up to a tree some twenty yards on, and returned to where Nicholas was kneeling over the body. ' We are too late,' he said ; ' he 16 quite dead ' And suddenly, afier the hot-blooded, warm hearted nature of his race, this strong man, who had lived half his life with blood and death and murder, burst into tears. Mitsos was awed and silent. ' Do you know him, Uncle Nicholas r ' he asked at length . ' No, I do not know him, but he is one '-f my unhappy race, who this brood of devils oppresses and treats as it would not treat a dog. Mitsos,' he said suddenly, ' Rwear that you will never forget this. Look here, look here,' be said. ' Look how the rope has cut him ; look how (Continued on page 136.) they killed him by. a disgraceful death, and why P For no reason. Because he was a Greek. Look at his face. Force yourself to look at it. The lips are purple, the eyes staring out of his head. He was killed like 'a dog. If they catch you alone in such a place they will do the same to you, to you whose only offence is, as this poor burden's has been, ,that you are a Greek, Look at his neck swollen in his death struggle.' The boy suddenly turned away. ' Don't ! Don't ! ' he said. ' I can't look'. It is too horrible.' Nicholas did not seem to hear what he said, and went on in a sort of savage frenzy. ' Look ! Look, I tell you ! ' he cried, ' ' and then swear in the name of God, remembering also what I told you of my wife and child, that you will have no pity on the race that has done this, on neither man, woman, nor child, not even on the poor weak women, for they are the mothers of monsters who do these things. This is the work of the men they bear, this and outrage, and infamous lust.' , He was silent a moment, and then spoke more calmly. ' . '* Swear it, Mitsos, in the name of God.' And Mitsos looked at the dead thing and swore. ' And now,' said Nicholas, ' take hold of the feet, and we will give it what burial we can. 'Stay. Wait a moment.' He tore off a piece of the man's tunic, and, dipping his finger in the blood that still was wet on the neck, wrote in Turkish the word. ' Revenge,' and fastened it to the end of rope which still dangled from the tree. Then he and Mitsos took the body some yards distant from the road, and tearing up brushwood covered it with it. On thi6 they laid btones until the body was completely concealed and defended against the preying creatures of the mountain. Then Nicholas bared his head. ' God forgive him all his sins,'* he 6aid, ' an impute them to his murderers.' They went to where Nicholas's horse was tied up, and he, hearing that the other had bolted, made Mitsos mount his, as he would have to wain back, and he himself went on foot. In another hour they came to the junction of the two roads from Nemea and Corinth and Nicholas told Mitsos to go no further. ' It is safer for me to go alone here,' he said, ' and it is already late, and you will have to walk. Don't waste time about getting back to the plain. The nights are short.' He paused for a moment, looking affectionately at the boy. 'A great deal may depend upon you, little one,' be said. ' I have watched you growing up, and you are growing up as I wanted to see you. Distrust everything and everybody except, perhaps, your father and myself, and be afraid of nothing. At the same time take all possible care of yourself.' - -, He put his hands on his shoulders. ' I shall be back in a year, or six months, or perhaps to-morrow, or perhaps never. That does not concern you. Tour father and I will always tell you what to do. And now good bye.' ..,;., He kissed hi™ on the cheeks, mounted his horse, and rode off never looking behind. Mitsos stopped still a moment looking after him, and then turned to go home. Fire minutes more brought Nicholas to the edge of the village where the three men whom Dimitri had sent were waiting for him. One of them was a Greek servant who held Nicholas's horse while he dismounted and changed his Albanian costume for a Turkish dress, and the others were leaders of local movements against the Turks, and were going with him to Corinth. Like Nicholas him self they all spoke Turkish. Nicholas dressed himself quickly, but then stopped for a moment irresolute. Then — ' Take the horse on,' he said to the servant. ' I will walk.' Musos meantime was going quickly along the main road back to Argos. He was honest enough to acknowledge to himself that he very much disliked the thought of taking that bridle path through the woods. He retained too vivid a re collection of that end of rope dangling from the tree with the fragment of tunic fluttering in the breeze. Even his pony he thought would have been a companion ; but his pony, as he hoped, was nearly at home by this time. Once or twice he thought he heard movements and whispered rustlings in the bushes, which made his heart beat rather quicker than was com fortable. Ordinarily he did not notice such things, . irat the scene at the cross-road still twanged some chord of horror within him. ''„ ?However, there was nothing to be done, and, keeping his eyes Bteadily averted — f Dr, like most Greeks, he had a rooted belief in and horror of ghosts — he -marched boldly enough past the spot, and began making his way down the rough ?bridle-path. Clouds had come up from the sea, 'and the moon ?was travelling slowly through them, casting only a diffused and uncertain light. But the path, with its. glimmering'-white stones, showed clearly enough, and there was no fear of his missing his way. But about a couple of hundred yards down the path he heard a noise which made his heart suddenly leap into his throat and stay there poised, giving a little cracking sound with each beat. The noise was unmistakable ; two men, if not three, were running down the road he had just left. The next moment he had left the path and striking into the bushes at the side, moved quickly up the hill again, hoping to throw them off the . scent. He was, as he 'knew, very indifferently concealed, but he dare not go further among the trees for fear of the sound of his .steps leading them to him, and, remembering Nicholas's lessons in the art of keeping still, he waited. His pursuers — if pursuers they were — seemed to go slower as they turned into the path, and. soon he caught sight -of them through the tree trunks. There were two of them, both in Turkish dress. As they came nearer he could hear them speaking together in low tones, and then one ran off down the path, in order, as he supposed, to see whether he was still on ahead. Mitsos drew a long breath, there was only one to be reckoned with now, and, stealing out of the bush where he had been crouching, he moved as quietly as he could further into cover. But a twig cracking with a sharp report under his foot revealed his whereabouts, and the man who had waited in the path shouted out to the other. The next moment they were in pursuit. As he ran, Mitsos felt in his belt for the knife he always carried with him, but, to his wonder and dismay, found it had gone. Never in his life could he remember being without it, but it was no season to waste time, and knowing that his only chance lay in running, he plunged along through the bushes, in order to get back to the path, and match bis speed against theirs. But his pursuers were close upon him, and in jumping, or trying to jump, a small thicket which closed his path, he caught his foot and fell. Before he had time to recover himself they had. seized him. He had only just time to let out with his right hand at the face of one of the. men, who just avoided the blow, and then both were seized. They whipped a cord round his legs and tied his hands behind his back and carried him off straight to the tree from which the end of the rope and its ghastly legend was still hanging. A third Turk was sitting on the ground, smok ing, and, as the others came up, he said a word to them in Turkish which Mitsos did not under- . stand. Then one of the two others turned to him, and, speaking in Greek : — ' Tell us where Nicholas Vid&lis; is,' he said, ' and we will let you go.' Silence. ' We know who you are. You are Mitsos Codones, the son of Yanni from Nauplia, and he is your uncle.' Mitsos looked up. ' That is so. But I have not seen him for a year — more than a year,' he said. One of the men laughed. ' You were seen with him yesterday in Nau plia,' he said. ' Tell us where he is, and we will let you go, and I will give you these,' and he held out a handful of piastres. This time Mitsos laughed ; he had not meant to laugh, and the sound was strange to his own ears. ' That is a lie,' he said. ' He has not been at Nauplia for a year. As for your piastres, if you think I am telling a lie, do you suppose that I should speak differently for the sake of them ? ' ' I will give you one minute,' said the other, ' and then you will hang from that tree, if you do npt tell us. One of your countrymen, I see, has cut the rope, but there will he enough left for a tall boy like you.' They strolled away towards where the third man was sitting, leaving him there bound. ' Perhaps the end of the rope might make him speak,' said one. But the third man shook his head. What Mitsos thought of during these few seconds he never clearly knew. He noticed that the edge of the moon -was free of cloud again, and it would soon be lighter. He felt a breeze come up from the east, which fluttered the rag of tunic hanging from the rope, and once a pigeon flew out of the bush near. Then the two men rose again and pulled him under the tree. The end of the piece of tunic flapped against his fore head. They untied the rope, and the other man made a noose, in it, while the other turned back the collar of his coat. Then the rope was passed round his neck and tightened till he felt the knot behind, just where the hair grows short on the neck. ' One more chance,' said the man. ' Will you tell us?' Mitsos had shut his eyes, and he clenched his teeth to help himself not to speak. For a moment they all waited quite still. ' Then up with him,' said the man. He waited for the choking tension of the rope, still silent, still with eyes shut. But instead of that he felt two hands on his shouldsrs and fingers at the knot behind, and he opened his eyes. The' third man, who had been silent, was standing in front of him. ' Mit9os,' he said, ' my great little Mitsos.' For a moment the world seemed to go round, and he half fell, half staggered against Nicholas. 'You?' he said. ' Yes* I Mitsos, will you forgive me? I ought to have been certain of you, and in my heart I was certain of you. But I wanted to test you lo the full. To put the fear of death before you, so that others could be certain of you as I was certain really all along. My poor boy, don't tremble so. Hit me in the face if you like. My God, Mitsos, if you had hit one hundredth part of a second sooner one of these men would have gone home with no nose and fewer teeth. You hit straight from the shoulder, with your weight in your fist. And that double you made up the hill was splendid. Mitsos, speak to me ! ' But the boy, pale and trembling had sunk down on the ground, and said nothing. ' Here, spirits,' said Nicholas, and he made Mitsos drink. He sat down by him, and with almost womanly tenderness, was stroking his hair. ' You were as firm as a rock,' he said, ' when you stood there, and I saw the muscle of your jaw clench.'' Mitsos, to whom brandy was a new thing, re covered himself by degrees. ' I wasn't frightened then,' he said, ' I was only frightened afterwards.' ' I have been a cruel brute,' said Nicholas. ' Really, Miteos, if you like, I will stand up and let you knock me downl' ? The Tboy laughed. ' No, thanks. I can do without that.' Then his boyish spirits began to reassert them selves. ' Did I — did I behave all right, Uncle Nicho las ? ' 'All right? I should think you did. It is even as your father told me that you were fit for the keeping of an oath.' Mitsoe flushed with pleasure. ' Then I don't mind, if it has made you think that. But if I had had my knife there would have been trouble. I can't thirtk how I lost it.' Nicholas laughed. ' Here it is,' he said. ' I took the liberty to take it away from you while you were dozing, as you rode. I thought it might be dangerous in your barbarous young hands.' Mitsos put it back in his b.elt. ' I am ready now. I shall start off again.' Nicholas rose too. ' I will come with you as far as the plain, and then I must get on. The piastres were a poor trick, eh ? ' ' Very poor indeed, I thought,' said Mitsos. The uncle and nephew walked on together, and the other two men strolled more slowly after them. Nicholas could have shouted for joy. He had found what he had been looking for lor so long — someone whom he -could trust unreservedly, and over whom he had influence. To do him justice, the cruelty of what he had done made his stomach turn against himself, but he was associated with men who mistrusted everybody, unless there was convincing proof of their trustworthiness. Mitsos had stood the severest test that could be devised without flinching. He was one of ten thous and. At the end of the woods they parted. Mitsos's nerve had come back to him, and the knowledge that Nicholas trusted him implicitly, combined with the fascination the man exercised over him, quite overscored any grudge he might havj felt, for Nicholas's last words to him were words to be remembered. ' And now good-bye/' he said. 'You have behaved in a way I hardly dared to hope you would, though I think I believed you would. You have been through a man's test, the test of a strong and faithful man. Others will soon know of it, and know you to be trustworthy to the uttermost. Greece is going to be revenged, and you shall be among the foremost of her avengers.' So Nicholas went his way northwards, and Mitsos home, and just as the earliest streaks of dawn lit the sky, he reached his father's houee. The truant pony was standing by the wayside cropping the dew-drenched grass. (To be contiti'ied.) 