TtSRiSl FRfGHTI » The following stdjries are the result of the Answers Prize Competition amongst its readers for startlers:— ANSWERITBS' HAIR-RAISING EX- PERIENCES. Novelists have a habit of making one of their characters, at least, undergo some blood- curdling v ordeal which bleaches that unfortunate person's raven locks in a single night. We were under the impression that such things only happened between, the covers of a book until we read the postcards sent in for the "Fright Competition." Now we know, to our sorrow, ithat several thousands of our readers have had their hair transformed from its natural hue to a state of snowy whiteness, the time for transformation varying from ten seconds to a fortnight. We sympathise with them, though it is undoubtedly an excellent thing for manufacturers of hair dyes. A prize was given for the postcard "A •Startler.' " JUST IN TIME. The greatest fright I ever experienced was on board the s.s. Mobile, at the Royal Albert Docks. Two of us were repairing a suctionpipe in a ballast tank, and we had to work all night to get the job finished, as the ship was advertised to sail next day. , In the morning, when we had completed our work,and were packing up our tools, they started pumping water in. . It hissed around us knee deep, and. thoroughly terrified, we made a rush for the man-hole. It was dark as pitch, and we could not find any way of escape. The water swirled in faster and faster, and we had to fight for breath. Just'as we began to despair we heard a faint shouting, the pumping engine was stopped, and we were dragged out more dead than alive. That was a fright, and no mistake! A MIDNIGHT STEEPLECHASE. While in the country some time ago I was returning in the small hours of the morning. It was very dark, but for all that I abandoned the main road, and started to make a short cut across the fields. .1 could not see a foot beyond me, and had not proceeded far before I suddenly stumbled and fell—not to the ground, but upon some weird, hairy monster. Ere I could regain my feet it sprang up with a horrid roar,- and set off into the gloom at a^ terrific pace. Like grim death I clung to its shaggy back, with my heart in my mouth. Suddenly it swerved, and I felt myself -hurtling through the air ; and descended with a crash on the wet grass. I lay dazed for a few moments, and rose painfully, only to be horrified by the sight of a pair of fiery- eyes ;laring at me out of the darkriess. My knees shook with: dread, and would probably have fainted had not the moon shone out, and revealed an old milch cow glaring at me reproachfully over the fence. CHASED BY THE, ENEMY. The biggest fright that I have had was iu 'SI. I belonged to a militia regiment that drilled in a park just out of Lon don. We were skirmishing one day, at the time of year when the deer are very spiteful, and we had been advancing on a corner of the park where the poor, frightened deer had fled for shelter. We received the order to charge,which order was obeyed with plenty of shout ing; but, sad to relate, we did not wait for the "retire" to sound. Suddenly the deer came out, with one or two grand old stags at their head, and prepared to resist the attack. Officers and men swung round, dropped their weapons and ran as they had never done before. I have been grey-headed ever sine. KILLED THE BURGLAR. We were sitting up late in the farm kitchen, and my father had been relat ing some stories of daring robberies that had occurred in the district. About one o'clock in the morning there were unmistakable sounds of burglars in the yard, and the dogs were barking lustily. We were all terror-stricken Father got the gun, and the rest of us armed ourselves with pokers and sticks. The shutters were cautiously thrust open, and we demanded who was there? No answer was returned, but we distinctly heard stealthy footsteps ap proaching the window. Bang! Whether by accident or design, father fired, there was an ear-splitting shriek that made us- shiver in our shoes. He had shot the foal I A WONDERFUL ESCAPE My first voyage as an apprentice took me round Cape Horn, and one night, when we were beating round, I had a terrible experience. It was blowing hard and cold, with an accompanying shower of sleet, and I with another apprentice and the third mate, were out on the bowsprit shortening sail. In doing this one of the ropes knotted in running through a bolt ring, and the mate told me to lean over and clear it. In doing this, my hands, numbed with cold, lost their hold, and I fell into a boiling sea from a ship running at nearly sixteen knots before the gale. Here a wonderful thing happened. I fell into the trough of a wave, and could see her bows high up above me as she rose. Quick as thought she dived, and her sprit, wfith the two men on it, came down to the water's edge. In that instant the mate grabbed my coat, and lifted me in his strong arms, and before I had time to crawl down the bowsprit to the deck we were a mile away from where I fell. At the time I realised nothing, but my nearness to death taht night gave me a fright that haunts me to-day. WORSE THAN THE BIG WHEEL. I had an unenviable experience some years ago, when working at a windmill. It was my duty to climb up the wheel, and spread the canvas to catch the wind. On one occasion the miller set the mill going, ignorant of the fact that I was still on the wheel. When that wheel began to revolve I had the biggest fright a man could well have, and I clung on like grim death. One moment I was fifty feet in the air, and again the huge sail to which I was hanging would soar downwards almost to the ground. Every instant I expected to drop—to drop meant certain death. I yelled for help at the top of my lungs, and luckily the miller heard me, grasped the situation, and lowered me gently from my perilous position, till I was near enough to terra firma to let go my hold. Probably the whole occurrence did not last four minutes, but to me it appeared an eternity of time. A LUCKY MISS. In Uie early eighties I was a sergeant in the volunteer artillery at Swansea, and on one occasion was told off in command of a squad to keep onlookers from passing across the range during ball practice on the beach. Whilst in the performance of this duty I moved a few yards from my place to warn a bystander from a dangerous, position, and.suddenly heard the word "Ready!" This was immediately- followed by "Fire!" which I heard just as I turned my~eS'5s j'n £Jie direction of^he battery.; There 1 saw, tg; my horror, .that my head^ss&s; exactlyTjn line with^and about a dogeh "yards. J^ofii, the' muzzle of the gun ! Under ordinary circumstances, I had an infinitesimal portion of a second to live, and T knew it and realised the position! " . After the lapse of what appeared to me a considerable time, inasmuch as many things passed through my mind in the interim, T realised the wonderful fact that tlic friction-tube had failed to act. I think no one will accuse me of weakness when I add that the revulsion of feeling caused me to stagger half unconscious into the arms of a comrade. THRASHED IN THE DARK. I was horribly frightened about six years ago. It was on a very dark night. I had just left St. Albans on my old solid-tyre safety, and was making for London along the main road. All was silent.and,being of a rather nervous disposition. I quickened my pace, as I did not feel at all comfortable. Suddenly, without any warning, I received a blow from behind. I looked over my shoulder -with a shudder, but could not see iny assailant. T called out, but instantly received another blow. Thoroughly scared. I rode for my life; but still my relentless fo£*kept showering blows upon me till I was stilt and sore. At length, almost exhausted, I saw a light, which proved to be an inn. Falling rather than dismounting from my machine, I staggered into the house; and blurted out the weird story. The landlord went out with a lantern, examined the machine, and burst into a fit of laughter. The tyre of the rear wheel had .broken, and, in revolving,had thrashed me unmercifully. It took me some time, however, to recover from my fright and .soreness. IT WASN'T THE BOGIE MAN. I slept in a room over the shop, and was the sole occupant of the premises during the night. I had sunk, as was my wont, into a deep, refreshing sleep. Suddenly I awoke, to find that my hair was going up and my courage was going down. For a moment I was spellbound with fear, for a strange, unearthly light pervaded the room, proceeding, as I quickly perceived, from a bail of blinding light, about the size of a cricket ball, suspended in mid-air at the further end of the room. '-.;,• ./' I sprang up, quivering with. "horror, gazing at that eerie, staring eye of light. It moved—it was coming nearer! My blood ran cold, and I was gasping for breath, when a hoarse voice grunted out : "It's all right, guv-nor, only you've forgotten to lock the shop-door!" It was the policeman, with his bull'seye lantern! I believe I put my arms - round his neck and embraced him when I discovered it wasn't a ghosts after all. A "STARTLER." One night I had got home after a-very hard day's work, and, after having tea, I had settled down for a quiet smoke. I had my chair drawn close to the fender, with my feet on a hassock, and was feeling very comfortable indeed: Suddenly I sprang from my seat and listened. A newsboy was shouting : "Terrible defeat of the British Army!" Visions of battlefields, with dead and wounded soldiers, London in ashes, England made desolate by the warfiend, and a thousand other terrible scenes flashed across my mind, until I was almost fainting with sheer fright. But, ah! who was there to beat England ? Perhaps Russia, I thought. And made a terror-stricken rush for the door, yelled for the news-lad, and in my haste forgot to take my change. I opened the paper with, trembling hands, and in cold perspiration read: "Corinthians, 5 goals; The Army, nil." IN MID-AIR. Two or three years back some steeplejacks were repairing the chimney of the mill where I am employed. I obtained consent to ascend from the men in charge, and took my place in the sling. Before I had gone very far I lost my nerve, and, when nearly at the top, my feet catching the rough coping of the chimney, I slipped from my seat, but managed to grasp the rope with my hands. There I hung, clinging like grim death, about 130ft from the bottom. . It seemed hours before the men lowered me slowly and safely to the ground. I have no ambition now to emulate Mr Answers' steeplejack performance. The agony I suffered during those awful moments when I swung in mid-air has cured me of that. FRIGHTENED OUT OF HIS BOOTS. It was in the winter of 1894—a very dark and dismal night. I had passed two L„ u hours in a railway .c^-., carriage, and then started _ to _ walk _ . a distance of i six - miles, which lay between me and my night's rest. The first part of my journey lay across some sandy fields, and then I entered a narrow lane. No sooner had I reached this lane, than I found I had got some' sand in my boots. I therefore sat down on the side of the road, and, taking off my boots, placed them on what appeared in the dark to be the stump of an old tree. This turned out to be a man asleep, who uttered such a fearful yell as soon as the boots touched him that I took to my heels, and ran. the remainder of the distance barefooted. I forgot my. boots. Oh going with a friend to look for them in tne morning, I found they had vanished. 