A CHRISTMAS JDBILBE JUMBLE DREAM. BY F. CARRUTHERS GOULD. Dreams are just involuntary patchwork memory pictures, and being involuntary tliey obstinately decline to appear when they are wanted. So when your editor expresses a desire that you should do an illustrated dream for Christmas, your brain immediately resents the suggestion and refuses to work. And what is worse, it gets up a conspiracy against you, with the result that dreams and visions of the night and nightmares won't be coaxed by the usual indigostivo devices. " What am I to do?" 1 asked an ex perienced literary friend. "Saturate your brain, and then squeeze," was his r6ply. I told him my brain was saturated as much as it could stand-with the Jubilee. For of cojrse it is useless to conceal tho fact that THE SPEAKER'S COACII. Christmas stories have always to ho done not later than J uly, and when my mind began to bo exorcised by tho odu-.or'a instructions ling London was only just pulling down her paper flower wreaths and gas stars and V'a and It's, i and getting tidy and steady again. July was rapidiy passing away, and still I my mind was a blank. Things wcro getting desperate. I paood up and down my room ono night, and at last I said—but 1 won't repeat what I said. However, tho moment I had said it I fult better; a b autiful and soothing calm stole over ina, and tho next moment 1 felt invselt" skimming lightly i down tho stairs without the slighcoat elfort, as if I had wings on my drajsing- j gown. I passed through the front door without tho slightest shook, and in tho moonlit street outside I found a huge old fashionod eoaeh drawn up. It was drawn by two gigantic nightmares, and on fno box sat Toby, M.P., looking very dignified in a largo W'teruff, whilst tho Sergeant-nt-Arms, with MR; CTTAIWRRRLAW'S RECEPTION.—A JAM. •'.10 gold maoc, liung on behind. Inside the c>ach wax the Speaker of the House of Commons, who, with a beaming smile, opened tko door and ho3koned mo to enter, which I did. It did not occur to me for the mrmmt that a dressing-gown and slippers . ha dly constituted full dross, even without trcuscra, but it dawnod upon mo when, on scming myself opposite Mr. Unity, I found a g o ; crcam-and-whito bulldog sniffing round iny legs. The Speaker, leaning oat of window, gave the order " Westminster Hall" to the coachman, and in a moment we Were flying along the street. Behind us, as wo rushed madly on, I heard a muffled sound as of a great orowd'of people running, and when I hjoked out I saw behind the coach a long line of members of Parlia ment, four abreast, running as fast as they could lay their legs on the ground to keep up with us, and away in the rear there was a confused mass of carriages of all descriptions, and driving at full spoed. It was a droll sight. Mr. Leclcy and Tommy BowIob were side by side, and so were Mr.'Henry Chaplin and Mr. Jesse Collings, whilst Sir William Harcourt raced Mr. Arthur Balfour, and John Morloy was arm in arm with Mr. John Maelure. The streets we passed through were weirdly lighted up with strange devices in gas and electricity. Coruscating stars and brilliant garters, crowns, V's and R's flashed by the windows, blended into a long line of dazzling, glaring light. Presently the speed of the coach was checked, and then we stopped altogether, for wo found ourselves on the out skirts of a great block of carriages mixed up in inextricable confusion. Some of them were royal carriages evidently, from the scarlet liveries, but these Becmcd jammed just like tlio other.0. A portly figure in a General's uniform, blazing with orders and ribbons, got outof onc of the royal vehicles and began to remonstrate with a policeman who was stand ing helplessly by. "Very sorry, your Royal 'Iglincss,"said the policeman, wringing his hands in despair. "It ain't no use tryin' to got in; tho'ouso is so full they're a-bulgin' out of tho winders. It's very 'ard on your Royal Tghnoss, but there ain't room oven for a little 'un, let alouo your'Jghnoss." The portly figure said somothing whieli sounded like a door slamming, and went back to his carriage. As tho light fell upon his fane, 1 recognised lnm. It was tho Prince of Wales! ' " What's tho matter, here, policeman?" tho Speaker asked the constablo. "It's Mr. Chamberlain's At 'Omo," was the reply, "and lie's asked all creation, and creation is a-try in' to got in. But tlioy can't ovon got through tho door, for there's some of thein Colonial Primers has been going to so many banquets and Buchlilco they'vo stuck in the passage, and they can't movo cither one way or t'other. Them's the Canadian gentleman, Sir Wilfrid Laurior I think's his name, they've got him in down through tho cliimblcy, and they're doin' the same for tho gents from tho Cape and Tasmania, but as for tlio Australian swells, they can't do nothing. But fancy, Sir, His lloyal 'Ighnoss tho Prince o' Wales beia' turned away from Joe Chamberlain's 'ouse jest as if he was a Radioal! Oh, dear! oh, dear 1 .What are we a-comin' to?" And two big tears trickled down from under the helmet and splashed on the policeman's boots as he turned sadly away. It was quite useless to try and force our way through the crowd, so we turned up « side street and startod off again at a gallop. • At last a great dark unilluminated mass of buildings towering up in front showed that we were nearing Palace Yard. We rattled i.n through the gates, drew up outside West minster Hall, and .the Speaker, the bulldog, and I got out and passed through the swinging doors, amidst the throng of members who had followed us all the way. TOBY, M.P., ON TIIH BOX. But no sooner had we passed into the Hall than everybody suddenly vanished and the lights went out. I groped my way back to tho doors, but they wore locked, and tho only sign of iifo I could . hco was the solitary figure of a constable doing sentry-go across tho other side of tho yard. It was.pitch-dark, but away on ono Hide of the Hall I could just seo a dickering little light like a candle moving to and fro. With out stretched hands I moved cautiously towards it, and presently I stumbled against some stops. Feeling about cautiously, I found I was at tho foot of a stone stairway, flanked by pedestals Mil. FOPK, Q.C., SITS ON Mil. I.AUOUCIIEUB. mii'mounted with what foltliko carved animals. Tlio mysterious light led mo up the stops, and at tho top, through an open door, I ontored a long room with a horsoshoo tablo at ono ond, and a big map on ono side of tho wall. I could just dimly make out these details, for it was here tho light was located. It was roally a Ian torn, and it was carried by Mr. Labouohore, who seemed to bo eagerly search ing about for some tiling. There were several scraps of paper lying about tho floor, and iio examined each carefully. Ho opened tho cup boards, lie looked under tho tables, but appa rently without success, for I beard him Hay to himself—"1 wish I could get hold of thoso telegrams. I know Iiawkslcy had tl.e:n in his i O :icot." TUB WAITER BRINGS IN THE I-UNCII. Just then a door on one sido of tho room was flung opan, tho electric lights wore turned full on, and two familiar figures rushed in. Ono I recognised as Mr. Jackson, tho Chairman of tho South Africa Com mittee ; tho other was Sir liiohard Webster. Both of thorn seemed droadfully shocked to find Mr. Labouchero. "Oh, dear! oh, dear!" Baid Mr. Jackson, wringing Iiib hands distressfully. "I do believe no's trying to find out somothing t How very imprudent!" Sir Richard Webster assumed a martyr-like and unctuously reotitudinous attitude, and mournfully shook his head. "Mostimproper conduct! How fortunate ib is we happened to oomo in ! Who knows what mischief might have beep done! Have you found anything?" he went on anxiously, turning to Mr. Labouchero, who stood with his hands in his pockotB and a sardonic smilo on his face. "I declino to answer," coolly replied Mr. Labouchore. _ There was a restless moment down at the side door, and I caught sight of a face with a glaring eyeglass peeping round the corner. It looked like Mr. Chamberlain's. "He won't answer!" Sir Richard ex claimed, holding up his hands in pious horror. "We must clear the room and have a con sultation," said Mr. Jackson. "It really is most annoying, just as we'd nearly finished finding out nothing, to come in and try to upset e /cry thing!" "But we can't leave him here; he might come across something we don't want to know!" Sir Richard Webster whispered in a loud aside to the chief. " What shall we do'?" "Shut him up in your despatch-box," Mr. Jackson suggested. »0H, DEAR ! on, DEAR ! I DO RELIEVE HE'S TilVIXG TO EJND DOT SOMETHING I' Mr. Labouohoro didn't socm to mind at all, so they seized liiin and put him into a big, black box and shut down the lid. It re minded mo exactly of the March Hare and the Mad Hatter putting tho Dormouse in tho teapot, only tho Dormouse was not asleep in this caso. " You hold the lid down whilst I go and fetch tho others," said Sir Jiichard. "No, no!" said Mr. Jackson hastily, "Don't lcavo me alone with him. Got Mr. Pope to sit upon him." They shouted for Mr. Pope, and that erentle ' inan promptly appoarod as if ho had shot up through a trapdoor in tho floor. • The two explained to the eminent barrister what tlioy wanted, and lie complied with cheerful alacrity. " Hut whore's my lunch?" ho asked, as ho sat down, tho box creaking under his weight. " Mr. Pope's lunch !" shouted Mr. Jackson. And in a moment a waiter, bearing a re niarkablo resemblance to Mr. Beit, appeared with a tray oil which wore a bag of buns and a large glass of water. A smilo of contentment cropt gradually over Mr. Pope's face, like a THE WINDSOR CONSOLATION STAKE3. sunriso on tlio ocoan, and Mr. Jackson and Sir Richard Webster hastened away and had a whispered consultation with the gentleman to whom the furtive eyeglass belonged. "Are you sure the room is cleared?" I heard one of them ask; so I slipped quietly out and went down the staircase into the dank hall again. Finding the doors which led into Palace Yard still locked, I groped my way up to the further end and up the steps that led towards the,Houses of Parliament. After making my way cautiously in the dark along what was apparently a corridor, I eaw . ft glimmer of light ahead. It gradually grew lighter, and just as I got into tho oentral hall the figure of an elderly gentleman dressed in a gold-embroidered Court uniform and with a long flowing white beard ran hurriedly past. Ho reminded me irresistibly of tho White Rabbit which Alioe saw in Wonderland, and, just like that Rabbit, the old gentleman took out a watch and looked at it anxiously. "I shall got into a rowl I'm late again, and I can't get that programme right," he muttered as he quickened his steps. I followed him, for as he was evidently ft Court offioial I thought he would be sure to know his way out. After running through a rabbit warren of narrow passages he came to a door, oponed it, and went in. Tho door borothc words "Lord Chamberlain," and then J. knew that it was Lord Lathoui, and not tho White Rabbit. I went in on tiptoe and hid myself behind a convenient screen. Lord Latliom was sitting at a table, which was littered all over with papers and little models of horses and carriages and figures im different uniforms, arranged in a sort of Noams Arlc procession. " Whatever am I to do?" I heard Lord Lathom ask himself plaintively and despair ingly. " Here's the Thakoro of Mixed Pickul says he won't ride alongside the Maharajah of Chutuee, and the Rajah of Junglnpore insists on his precedence over the Rajah of Capsicums. And as for the foreign Envoy*, I've got thorn all mixed. There's the United States and Spain in the same carriage, and they're sure to got to fight over Cuba whilst the service is on at St. Paul's, and Pvo had to stow away Cliing Chang Chung opposite tlio Papal Knvoy, and they'll get on to theology. But there, ] can't help it; they must settle it the Best way thoy can." Than he began opening some letters from a heap lying in front of him. "Here's Mr. Bartloy writes that ho must ride in front of the Queen or there'll he a re volution in North Islington ; and tiro Marquis of Lome says the Dulco of Portland must give him a quiet horse or he won't go at all. And hero are tlio Colonial Proraicrs at it sow. Now Zealand says lie's as good as any of the Australian lot, and Tasmania wants to be put before Newfoundland. And what's this? Somebody wants to know whereabouts in tlio Procession Munir Pasha is going to be, because he's a Phil-Hellene and would like to throw something at him. And tho Lord Mayor says he will ride and the Lord Chancellor says ho won't. They'll drive mo mad between them 1" And Lord IMhoni Aid. something itx^t As which sounded wrong com jog from & Courtolfieial, and stamped about the room. - There wis a knook at thadopr. and in > answer to the Lord Ohamborlain's "Gome in" it waaopened, and Lord Bosobery appeared, .in a wbiteLat and a Newmarket coat, with a c';".' field-glass eiung at bis side. "Coma along5look sharp; we can't start them without you," be said. GOING TO THE DEVONSHIRE HALL "Start whom? "What's up?" Lord Lathom enquired with an air of surprise. "The Windsor Consolation Stakes— Commons with the Speaker up, and Lords with Halsbury. It's a match, and ther'll be good fun. You'll have to Btart them, and I'm tho judge." The Lord Chamberlain put on his feathered cocked hat and hurried after Lord Rosebery, and of course I followed to see tho fun. As we went along the passages others joined, until there was quite a crowd. William Allan was there, his bnrly figure dressed in a deputy lieutenant's tunic and plumed hat over a kilt, and he was reoiting to himself some poetry about "Oor lady o' Balmoral." THE LOIID CHAM DERI, A IN. " Mod !" he said as ho caught sight of rne near him, "the Poet Laureate's just a puir woo thing J" Tommy Bowles, with dapper legs clothed in " white samite, mystic, wonderful," tried to keep step with Mr. Hanbury, and Admiral Field rolled along with a nautical gait, singing alternate verses of "God Save the Queen" and "Rule Britannia." We emerged at last on to a racecourse, although how it came to bo there puzzled inc. " Clear the course!" shouted astern voice, and Lord Arthur Hill, in a blue- and-gold tail coat, with a silk hat, came along, swing ing a bladder at the end of a string to keep the crowd back. Looking down towards the starting point, I saw the two competitors in full-bottomed wigs and silk gowns already "GET 'OME AND GO TO KED!1 mounted, with Lord Lathora in front -with a flag, giving them instructions. Mr. Gully's mount was a big poworful bay, which lookod uncommonly as if it had dono duty in a brewer's dray, whilst tho Lord Chancellor was being jerked up and down on a woody cbostnut, which looked as if it had blood if it had not bone. Lord Rosebery in tho mean time had taken up his position in a sort of hall Eorter's chair, whioh had evidently been orrowed from the doorkeeper of the House of Commons. Presently Lord Lathom dropped his flag and ran to get out of tho way, but lie was not quite quick enough, for as tho Commons horse jumpod off it caught the Lord Chamberlain and sent him rolling over. There was treraondous exoitcment; Sir 'Wilfrid Lawson seemed to be booking bets witli Mr. Samuel Smith, and Mr. Carvell Williams and Sir John Konnaway "were apparently similarly engaged. If I had been a betting man I should havo backed the Lords' mount, but I should havo boon wrongj for Mr. Gully came by alone and going great guus. "Whore's the other?" we shouted. *' Bolted out of the course and gono homo," was the reply from thoBo who had seen what had happened. A few minutes after Lord Rosebery enmo out of Ins box, and hoisted a blackboard with tho result:— lords / ... ...Nowhere ' . -There, was wild cheering, but it stopped suddenly; a stentorian voice called out,_-'VVho goes home?" and in araomentevery thing and everybody vanished suddenly,! and 1 found, myself outside, wandering along Piccadilly in my dressing-gown. . But it all .'seemed so natural that I did not feel embarrassed even when I found myself in a crush of people near Devonshire-House. It was a singular crowd, dressed, both men and women, in a woudcrful variety of costumes of all ages. J. thought at first they must have escaped front Madame Tussaud's, but they talked too much for wax work figures. There was Charlotte Corday chatting merrily with Queen Elizabeth's Earl of Essex, whilst the Virgin Queen was chaffing George III. The latter, by-tbo-by, was really Lord Halsbury. Then there was Oliver Cromwell, who looked, uncommonly like Mr. Asquith; "COME ALONG ; LOOK bijaup ; we can't staut THEM WITHOUT YOU." Sir Ellis Ashmoad Bartlett as a Bashi-Bazoulc, arm-in-aim with the Maid of Athens; Sir William llarcourt as a Plantagenet King; Mr. Balfour as the ghost of the Flying Dutchman; Mr. Alfred Austin as a poet"; Sir Henry Irving as Napoleon I.; Mr. Chamberlain as Mr. Pitt; and a host of others, all mixed up without the slightest regard to chronologioal order. They were pushing into a courtyard, through a pair of beautiful wrought-iron gates decorated with scroll work and golden stags, towards a brilliantly lighted house. I tried to pass in with them, but a burly.polico man stopped rae. " What sort of costume d'ye call this?" he asked contemptuously, pointing to iny dress ing-gown. "An Early Briton," I answered, just at random. " They don't want no savages in there," was the reply. "Move on!" I thought I would try again, so I drew myself up haughtily, and said I was a colonial Premier—from New Zealand," I added as an after-thought—"como to make sketches." " This ain't London Bridge, and you ain't a colortial Premier; get 'ome and go to bed," And so I did. The End.; God's rarest blessing is, after all, a good woman. One matron—"Since I have been married I have taught my husband good taste. " Another —"Really. It is a good thing for you that you did not teach him before you wore married." An authority on the proper proportion of tho human form divine sayis:—"The ears should be so placed as not to be higher than tiie eyebrows or lower than the tip of tho nose. People who are dressing for a party should net forget this. 