A Murderous Mesmerist. PAKT I. BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE. Few people are awave of the existence of a sm.ill hostelry near ne Head, on the west coast of Ireland. fcThe coal-black rocks and precipitous promontories of (hat desolate region render the scenery imposing, and the stoi ms, which are frequent, form a spectacle that is nothing less than magnificent. The whole f^rce of the Atlantic b eaks against those awful cliffs, and the half- wild inhabitants of the r. ^ion will tell you that in winter the spray is sometimes dashed three hundred feet in air. Fishing is almost the sole occupation of the uatives. The nearest railway station is at Westport, thirty miles away, whence the explorer must travel either on foot or upon the dilapidated " jaunting-car " that serves as a stage, and is driven by Pat Maguire, who is also the proprietor of the inn But explorers are as few as snowflakes in June, and for several years previous to the date of this story, Dr. Griffith Gramery had been the only visitor. The doctor was not a comely man. He had a big, square head, covered with grizzled red hair, which stood upright; thick eyebrows hanging far down over a pair of small but extraordinary piercing eyes; a large noRe and mouth, and a broad, short chin. His head was set low down upon broad shoulders; his arms were long, but his body rather small and short. The peasants held him in superstitious awe and respect, believing him to be in league with Satan, probably because he had once or twice exercised upon them a remarkable magnetizing power that he possessed. But as all his dealings with them had been beneficent, they mingled their awe with aflection. A man may be hand-in-glove with the evil one and yet a very good fellow at bottom. This season Dr. Gramery arrived, as usual, about the first of October; but he explained to Pat Maguire that a young lady and gentleman, friends of his, would come on the seventh of the month, and would expect Pat to be at Westport railway station to drive them over. The doctor, it seems, had met Mr. and Mrs. Roger Mowbray in London during the previous season, and had sung the praises of Slyne Head so eloquently that the young couple—they were in their honeymoon —had promised to come over and spend a week there. , They proved as good as their word, and on the evening of the appointed day they drove up on the jaunting-car, and were cordially welcomed at the inn door by the doctor. The moon was close to the full, and the air qpft and mild. After supper the three friends strolled out on the cliffs, and Roger Mowbray and his wife both confessed that they had never seen so grand a sight. The rocks pre full of caves, some midway in the face of in- • accessible precipicee, some so lown down as to be covered at high-water. The coast is everywhere jagged and irregular. Slyne Head 'itself is a beetling pinnacle of rock, overhanging its base, which is four hundred feet below its summit. The party made their way thither and tat down to contemplate the prospect. The ocean, rising in its vast sweep to the horizon, was luminous beneath the &goon.; and were the surf broke on the ragged t&th; of the rocks far below it looked like great drifts of snow against the blackness. "How glorious and terrible it is!" exclaimed Mrs. Mowbray; after this I can understand and almost believe in all the legends of ghosts and hobgoblins that Ireland is famous for." " None but spirits of light and loveliness should become visible to you, fair lady," said the doctor, who had a courtly, chivalrous way with women, which, partly on account of the odd contrast with his ugliness and eccentricity, made him a favorite with the sex; « but the people hereabouts are certainly very superstitious; and, to confess the truth, I have occasionally amused myself by playing off a few juggleries upon them. They take me for a magician, and it keeps them from bothering me when I want to be undisturbed. I have only to make a few cabalistic passes and they run as if the devil were after them." " I recollect you a'lu ling, in London, to your powers in that direction," obseiveii llogei ; "you promised to give us an some time. What more fitting time could there be than this?" "Oh, f wish you wouM. Dr. Gramery!" sxel limed Mrs. Mowbmy . " I never saw anything of that sort." " And I fancy your husband doubts whether anybody ever saw anythi g of the sort," returned the doctor, laughing, and fixing his brilliant eyes on the young man's face; " he is a sceptic." " Say an agnostic," rejoined Koger, with a smile; " I will believe what I see." " If that be your only stipulation, I could easily astonish you," the doctor answered; " the eyesight, and all the senses, are readily deceived. Moreover, unless I am much mistaken, yours is a temperamant that lends itself to such impressions. I should expect to be more successful in deceiving you than jour wife; though she looks half a spirit already, while you have the thews and sinews of an athlete." "Well, all I can say is, I am prepared for the test," replied Boger, still smiling, though with somewhat of an effort. The doctor's eyes had a singular sparkle. It was difficult to look away from them. For a full minute the doctor remained silent find immovable, gazing in a pre-occupied manner at ftoj>er Mowbray, who gazed back at him. Mis. Mowbray, meanwhile, had become interested'in watching the flight of a tfivat sea-bird, which, after poising itself in nii- on a level with their position, suddenly swooped downward and alighted on a rock, surrounded by waves, near the foot of the cliff. " Look at me!" abruptly cried th.i doctor, in a sharp imperious tone, springing to his feet; " I am going to jump down the precipice and stand beside that sea-fowl. Look ! Boger Mowbiay, I'm off!" Roger started up with a gasp of horror and amazement. " Good God! the man is killed!" he cried out in a wild tone. He stood gazing fearfully and breathlessly over the cliff, peering downward as if following the descent of a heavy body through the air. But after a moment e raised himself, trembling and aghast, the sweat standing on his forehead. " Its a miracle !" he said, huskily; " such a thing was never known! He fell four hundred feet, and now thers he stands at the bottom, nodding and waving his hand! Merciful heaven ! what a thing to see!" " Why, Roger!" exclaimed his wife, half laughing and half alarmed, " how absurdly you act! Any one would think you were crazy! What are you talking about the doctor being down the cliff when he was not moved a foot away from you ?" Her husband paid not the slightest attention to her. He continued to stare down at the rock on which the sea-bird was seated, emitting ever and anon inarticulate ejaculations. "He does not hear you, Mrs. Mowbray," remarked the doctor, speaking aside to her; " he is in what may be termed an abnormally imaginative state, in which one mistakes fancies for facts. He really believei that I jumped off the cliff and alighted on that rock; and nothing that you could say to him wonld change his conviction. Curious, is it not?" "But what is the cause of it? He was never like this before!" cried she, becoming more and more alarmed; "can nothing be done ? Boger!" She laid her hand on her husband's arm, but he moved away from her. " He doesn't know me 1" she exe'aimed, in horror; " oh, what shall I do ?" " My dear Mrs. Mowbray," interposed the doctor, smiling comfortably in the moonlight, " give yourself no uneasiness; it is the simplest thing in the world. Your husband is partially asleep—that is all. A certain portion of his brain—that which discriminates between truth and imagination—has temporarily ceased to operate; it has been inhibited, to use the scientific term; or, if you want another phrase, your husband is in a hypnotic trance. Of course you have heard of hypnotism, and you are aware how commonly it is now practised, and how amusing eome of its manifestations are. It also has the advantage of being entirely harmless. The trance can be broken as easily as it can be induced." "Oh, but I don't like Boger to be hypnotized !" she protested, still agitated; " I want him to know me and hear me! Please make him come back to me, Dr. Gramery." " Your word i> law, my dear lady," said the good doctor, with perfect amiability. He turned to the young man, and drawing him a little to one side, appeared to whisper something in his ear. Then he clapped hid hands sharply together and called out, " Hello, Mowbray! Here we are!" Mowbray glanced up, yawned, passed his hand over his forehead, and then, looking at the doctor with evident perplexity, said, "Aren't you wet? How did you get up there again ?" * * * * * " You see," said the doctor, the next morning, after they had talked and laughed a good deal over the event of the night before, " hypnotism is the real explanation of all the marvels of magic und enchantment that we h«ar and read about. The magician's first act is to hypnotize the spectator or spectators ; that done, they will see -imagine they see— any miracle they may choose to suggest to them." "Doyou mean to say," demanded Roger, " that he can put more than one person at a time into a trance?" " A hundred as easily as one, and pm haps a thousand more easily than a hundred. Why not? Consider (he phenomena of panic—the unreasoning fear that seizes upon a multitude, though each separate man of the crowd, if alone, would have retained his presence of mind ; o look at the wild enthu siasm or rage to which an eloquent orator can arouse a vast audience, though any one member of it would iisten to him coldly. So I doubt not it would be easier to hypnotize a a large assemblage than a single individual, and the Eastern jugglers seem to do it. You have heard of the famous Indian basket trick, as it is called ? There an audience of any number of persons severally and collectively witness a transaction that their reason assures them is preposterously impossible, at the same time that their eyesight convinces them it takes place. What is the explanation ? Simply, that they are all hypnotized before the trick is performed, and then, of cource, the trick is reduced to merelj inducing them to believe that something is done which is really not done at all." " After my experience of last night, I don't feel like disputing anything you say, doctor," observed Roger Mowbray; " but I should like to know how a man can hypnotize a crowd of people, and also how they can recover from the trance with recognizing that they have been in it." " If the conditions be favorable, nothing is more easily performed than hypnotism," the doctor replied; " simply to fix the attention for a few moments is often sufficient, and any juggler can do that. I hypnotized you last night only by inducing you tb look intently at me for sixty seconds. Then, as to your second point, the trance may be of various degrees, from light to profound. The light trance is sufficient for complete^self-ceception, and the transition from thqjgg> waking is so easy as not to be perceivecl^^^ " I certainly believed I saw" you jump off the cliff," said Boger, " and after I came to I still could hardly persuade myself that you had not done it. Rachel, here', says she spoke to me; but I didn't hear her. But is it not rather alarming that such a power as you possess shouidstexist ?" " Indeed, if I didn't know the doctor was a good man, I shouldn't feel safe for a moment," Bachel said. " Luckily, I am harmless/' remarked he, with a peculiar smile; " but I there's truth in your suggestion, Mr. Mowbrajr. Hypnotism might give terrible powers..^ If I had told you, last night, to jump over the cliff, you would have done it, or if, while you were still in the trance, I had commanded you to do, or to see, or not to see, a certain thing at a certain future time—say, at five o'clock this afternoon—you would have obeyed punctually at the appointed Jffiur, without any further action on my part.** " Dear me!" said Rachel, with a nervous laugh, I remembered you whispered.something to Boger last night before you woke him up. What did you tell him to do ?" " You said a person could be ordered ' not to see' anything," broke in Boger; " do jpu mean that a concrete object could be rendered actually invisible to one in the hypnotic trance ?" "Certainly!" replied the doctor; "anything that i6 told to the patient he is bound to believe. If I were to tell you that the big tree yonder had been dug up and carried away, it would immediately become invisible to you; and neither your sense of touch nor any other means could persuade you that there was anything there. But I see this conversation is distressing Mrs. Mowbray; let us change it. Do you know, Mr. Mowbray, that you bear a strong resemblance to your late father?" " I have been sometimes 'told so. But I was not aware that you knew him." " Yes, I knew him well, many years ago, when we were both about your age. Afterward, circumstances separated us. When I met you the other day ill London the likeness startled me; it was as if a buried generation had come to life again. You father's wife was a Miss Clayton, I think ?" " Yes' that was my mother's name." " Ah! I was not thinking of her as your mother. I do not trace her features in you. However, that is neither here nor there. Thinking over those old days has recalled another person to my mind—one John Felbrigge. I fancy you have never heard of him." "I think I remember the name," said Boger, " but I never saw him. Unless I'm mistaken, my father and he were not good friends." (To be continued.) The Indian Famine Belief Fund now amounts to £275,000. 