CARDINAL MORAN AND THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. The Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, by allowing himself to be nominated for a seat on the Federal Convention, has aroused the jealousy of a section of the New South Wales population, who, though small from almost every point of view, are capable of creating noise enough to be heard at a distance, and of doing, at the same time, some mischief. It is not beyond the power of the most insignificant individual to cause the explosion of an unprotected magazine, and in every Protestant community there are individuals upon whose hatred of the Catholic Church it is as easy for knave or fool to play with unwelcome consequences as it is to explode a mine by touching an electric button. In every mixed community there are elements of combustion which only need a spark to ignite, and that is a danger which is too apt to frighten men who are not strong in the right from pursuing a legitimate and worthy object. But the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney is not a man of that mould. His Eminence is not deterred by a display of detonating crackers from giving proofs, at a seasonable opportunity, that he is Australian in sentiment, and that he is prepared to give his best services to Australia if his fellow- colonists should desire his co-operation on the Federal Convention. He does not believe that his being a Churchman of exalted rank in the hierarchy of the Catholic Church is any disqualification for the position he is willing to fill, and, more than that, he does not believe that his rank, or the nature of it, constitutes any objection of the kind in the minds of his reasonable and fair minded Protestant fellow-colonists. That he is willing to employ his talents in the great effort to unite the colonies that is now being made cannot be ascribed to ambition on the part of an ecclesiastic of his rank. By doing so there is no personal object that his Eminence can have in view, and it would be absurd to suppose that there is any denominational purpose he could serve at the Convention. The part he is willing to play, if chosen for it, would impose on his Eminence very arduous duties, such as would severely tax his strength, and that, under these circumstances, be has placed his services at the disposal of his fellow-colonists is the best proof he could give that he identifies himself thoroughly With their interests on grounds of the very broadest character, such as only to a narrow-minded fool and firebrand could suggest a suspicion of his motives. That shrill, thin, sectarian squeak of opposition which the Cardinal's appearance in the field has provoked is not, we may be sure, an unexpected result to his Eminence himself, or to the gentlemen who invited his co- operation on this momentous occasion. It was a consequence to be foreseen; but by the discordant voices of a few fanatics a strong man is not to be turned from a good purpose, nor are those who hope much from his services to be deterred by such means from seeking them. The shrill note of the sectarian whistle is always unpleasant to the ear of tolerant men, who do not feed their imaginations on Popish plots, or on the literary garbage of a Maria Monk or a Chiniquy; but tbat piping call to arms only excites the ridicule and contempt of sensible men, who do not see ghosts of terrible mien in the shadows of the night. And that is the character of a majority of the colonists of the eastern province. Possibly, Cardinal Moran may not secure election, but his rejection will not be a consequence of Orange opposition, or of anything creatures of the little conventicle calibre are saying or doing against his Eminence. It would be no compliment to the colonists of New South Wales to form any other opinion on the subject; but if it should be made clear that the bigots had in this instance prevailed, that will be no discredit to the object of their malevolence. Their conduct will reflect not on his Eminence, but on the colony whose reputation they had thus injured. He will come out of the trial unsmirched, with his fame untarnished, and his influence unimpaired. On the other hand, his rejection would set men of liberal views thinking, and their reflections would result in resolutions not at all favourable to the clique who had opposed him on no other than miserable sectarian grounds, which are a menace to one of the fundamental principles on which a Federal Constitution should be built up. If, as in the case of New South Wales, ministers of religion are not by law debarred from entering Parliament, the right of any one of them, high or low, to offer himself for a seat on the Federal Convention is unassailable on public grounds, and for any section of the community to dispute that right is disloyalty to the State. As a variety of interests will have representation on the Convention, and as a minority of delegates, still less any single one of them, will be utterly powerless to sway the judgment of the majority, what good reason could any sensible man find for objecting to the inclusion of a minister of any denomination in the body ? The community which decided that of all trades, callings, and professions, that of the minister of religion was the only one unworthy of being represented on a body charged with defining the lines on which the foundations of a nation, composing a majority of Christians, should be built up, would do itself little credit, and could not hope for much respect on the part of; others. There are, therefore, cogent reasons why the electors of New South Wales should not, as a body, allow themselves to be influenced by the baleful cry of the sectarian incendiaries. Holidays.—Public holidays will beheld at the following places on the dates namedWalhwla, on 22nd inst.; SaHan, on 25th inst. ; Korong Vale and WBdderbnm, on 26thinst.-; Mortlabe, on 11th March ; Benalla and Bacchus Marsh, on 17tb Mueb | Eohuoa, HKflb. . 