POETRY. JIM BLUDSO. [BY COLONEL JOHN HAY, AMIERICAN AI1.InS CADOR TO ENGLAND.] . Wal, no, I can't tell whar he lives, Because he don't live, you see; Leastways, he's got out of the habit Of livin' like you and me. VWhar have you been for the last three year That you haven't heard folks tell How Jimmy Bludso passed in his cheels., iY The night of the Prairie Belle ?' Ho weren't no saint; them engineers Is pretty much all alike; One wife in Natchez-under-t he-' ill, And another one here, in Pike. A keorless man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row; But he never flunked, and lie never lied; I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had To treat his engine well; Never be passed on the river; To mind the pilot's bell; And, if ever the Prairie Belle took fire, A thousand times he swore, He'd hold her nozzle :agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. A-lI boats has their day on the 3Mississip, And her day come at last: The Meovastar was a b.cter boat, But the Belle, she wouldn't be passed; And so she come tearin' along that night, The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety-valve, And her furnace crammed, rosin and: pine. The fire bust out as she clared the bar, SAnd burnt a hole in the n:gh~t, And quick as a. flash she tarned, and made For that wilter-bank on the right. There was running and cursing, but Jim yelled out, Over the infernal roar : ' I'll hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last galoot's ashore!' Through the hot, black breath of the burning boat, Jim Dludso's voice was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedness, And knowed he would keep his word. And, sure's you're born, they all got off Afore the smoke-stacks fell- And Bludso's ghost went up alone - In the smoke o' the Prairie Belle. He werlen't no saint-but at Jedgment. I'd run miy chalnce with Jim, 'Longside of somne pious gentlemen . - That wou!dn't shook hands with him. He seen his duty, a deaa-sure thing, And went for it thar and then; And Christ ain't goin' to be too hard On a man that died for men. When Morocco's Sultan decides to marry, the whole country becomes shroud ed in gloom, as every subject must con- i tribute a wedding present. The Sultan is about to take a second wife, and much disconteint is reported. ' Great he.aven, Boggs, do I find you reduced to playing a- cornet at the strtet c,,rner to make a living ?' Boggs.: ' I ain't doing this to make a living.' My wife won't let me praeLise in the.house.' A meniber of the Lazy Club has..just been expelled for going at a faster gait than a walk. The off-ender, pleaded ,in exteunn.wtion that the sheriff was after him, but the society was inexorable. 