A LEADER OF MEN. AN AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. CHAPTER XIV. (continued). The Picnic. Beevis filled in t^he* awkward pause. " This reminds ine," he began, and Lilian and Jim settled down to listen to the inevitable story. It is somewhat questionable whether Jim did listen. There was a far off look in his eyes. He was busily building castles in Spain. " Only a couple of miles farther, ladies, and gents," cried Tom. " Miss Norman, as we are now going to get off the beaten track and will have to dodge boulders and logs and such like obstacles I'll relieve you of the reins." Then their handis got intermixed with the leather, and they both turned red and looked foolish, though Tom tried to carry it off with a lordly air. " How clumsy men are," sighed Alice, whose gloves had been slightly torn. " It's bashfulness, not clumsiness," retorted the Jehu, " I was trying to avoid hurting you, and see the result." " It's just as well I put on old gloves," exclaimed Alice, apparently in a temper. " May I be permitted to buy you a new pair to morrow V asked Tom. " Most certainly not," was the crashing reply. "I've most excellent taste," he went on in sinuatingly. "But you don't know the size," she said wickedly. w Don't I ? Small throes," ho shouted tri umphantly, and he saw that he was quite forgiven. Tom reined up his horses by the side of a streamlet, which a little lower down became a river. Fringed with rushes, flanked by towering gums, with wild rose bushes growing along the margin, it was an ideal spot for a picnic. " Here we are," yelled the charioteer. " Down you get, and all hands to the pumps." Which was Tom's facetious way of indicating a desire for the removal of all impedimenta. The horses were unharnessed, and were soon revelling in the contents of their nosebags; the hamper was un packed ; the chops were placed in a cool spot out of the reach of ants and such like creeping creatures ; and the. picnic began in earnest. And what a jolly picnic it was. now they praised the oyster patties, and the pigeon pie, and the roast duck. How they laughed over the misfortune of a huge fruit tart, whose existence had almost' been obliterated by some weighty material. How they sipped the champagne and clinked glasses, and proposed healths, and sang songs. They were like children of Arcady, save that the children of Arcady knew not the pleasures of oyster patties and champagne. Their laughter might have been heard for miles around. When the feasting was over nothing would suit the irrepressible Miss Norman but an exploration trip. She wanted wild flowers and maiden hair fern, and a host of nature's treasures. Mr. Stammers was of course pressed into the service, and though for the space of half a second he looked somewhat ruefully towards Lilian, his face brightened up immediately afterwards, and he accompanied Alice with a cheerfulness that was most exhilarating. , Lilian, Beevis, and Jim remained behind. The old gentleman was very happy. He had made a hearty meal, he had drunk generously of the champagne, and he now felt that bliss indeed would be consummated could he indulge in his customary after-dinner forty winks. Behold him then peacefully reposing with a carriage cushion for a pillow and his handkerchief spread over his face. The merry voices of Alice and Tom grew less and less distinct as they followed the rivulet to its source. There was a drowsiness in the atmo sphere. Lilian sat as if in a reverie. Jim near at hand watched her every movement. His color came and went in quick sequence. He breathed hard, and his fingers twitched nervously. " Mi$s Howard," at length he said. " Why don't you call me Lilian, Jim V "Ah, if I only might." " And why not ? Are we not brother and sister. I seem to have known you for years." " But if I wishe i you to be something else than a sister ?' Poor Jim, he had made the fatal plunge. Lilian gazed at him curiously. What an honest manly young fellow he was, and what faithful grey eyes he had. "Ah, not that, Jim," she said rather wearily; " anything but that." " I can't help it, Miss Howard—Lilian. I must tell you I know you laughed over that letter I wrote you, and thought I was a boy, but I seem to have grown up since then—since you went away. For six months I've never given up thinking of you night and day, and I've thought of this time when I could tell you how much I care for you." He paused and moistened his lips. " I know what my heart says, and it says that I must have you or nobody." " Poor Jim !" Lilian was distressed. She had not been blind to Jim's admiration, but he was so few years her senior that she had never seriously considered him as a lover. Jim read his fate in the exclamation, but with all the doggedness of his nature he refused to give up the fight. " Why can't you love me, Lilian ?" " Because we are too good friends to talk of love. I like you very much, Jim, and Tom too, but not in that way. You» have been good and kind, and we shall always be friends, shall we not ?" "Friends? Yes. I couldn't help myself if I tried. I shall always love you, no matter what happens, and perhaps some day " No, Jim. Don't think that. Let us be friends always. There, Jim, kiss me as a token of the new friendship," and she leant over toward him. " No," he said huskily, " not till I have the right. Lilian I'm young I know, and foolish perhaps, but—" here a lump seemed to stick in his throat—"you'll never have anyone more faithful than I am. If you4 were at the other end of the world and were to say 6 Come' I'd go straight away to meet you. I'm only twenty-four, but whenever you say * Come' I shall be ready." " I shall never say ' Come' in that way, Jim," said Lilian gently. " I mean in any way. I mean that some day you may want my help. _ It is yours. Every thing I have is yours." " Dear old Jim," she murmured, " I believe you and I accept your friendship on those terms. Some day when you are married " " That will never be" Jim spoke calmly, but quite decidedly. " Never is a long day, Jim." " It wiil be all my life for me. Lilian, I think I know your secret. We are friends you know, and friends have no secrets from each other, but I don't want your confidence, not now at any rate. I hope—I hope—you will be very happy." He could hold out no longer A great sob choked his utterance and he began crying like a child, not demonstratively, but softly. " See," he said through his tears, " what a baby you've made of me. " You are quite right. I am only a boy," but there was an agonised expression in the eye that was not lost upon Lilian. " Jim, dear old Jim," she exclaimed, taking his hand, " I'm so sorry." " Oh, its all right, Lilian. We're good .friends, aren't we? I'm sure I don't know what I'm crying about. There. It's all over now. Only mind, Lilian. When I'm wanted send for me." "And what will you do now, Jim?" Lilian asked in a whisper. Woman like she was awed by the tears of a man. " Oh, I don't know. Perhaps go to England for a spell. I've got a little cash saved up which will come in for my passage-money, and I can live on my two hundred a year." " Must you go away, Jim ?' " Yes, I must go away—to forget all this. It will be better for me. I've been pretty hard hit, you know," he added, summoning up the ghost of a smile., " Yoicks, tally ho," rang out Tom's sturdy voice, and Bee vis woke up with a start. " Hullo, you lazy people. Look at the spoils of the Egyptians," cried Tom, putting in an appear ance, closely followed by Alice, each carrying immense bunches of fern and wild flowers. " Now for tea," exclaimed Alice. " Mr. Stammers, build a fire at once. Mr. Butters, fill the billy at the limpid stream. Hullo, dad. Had your forty winks ?" "I believe I have," said Bee vis, raising him self to a sittiog posture, " I've been very com fortable, and these two young people have been as quiet as church mice." Tom soon had a fire blazing, the billy was placed therein, and when once the water was boiling Alice poured in a handful of tea, then lifted off the billy, and all was in readiness. " I say, we haven't got any milk," remarked Tom, with a perturbed air,. " Haven't we, Mr. Wiseacre ?4' retorted Alice, "Just brin/ me that whisky bottle out of the basket. Catch me forgetting the milk. I've been out picnicing before." They drank the tea out of glasses in default of pannikins, which Alice regretfully admitted added to the flavor, and she and Tom Contrived to keep the conversation going, and did not make great demands upon the talkative powers of Lilian and Jim, a state of things which was duly appreciated by each of those personages. Then came the preparations for the return journey—the grilling of the chops having been incontinently abandoned—and ere long they were bowling back citywards, "Just in time for church," as Tom remarked. It was well that the attention of the two young people in front was not called to the silent pair at the rear. Alice and Tom found sufficient to occupy them in rallying one another, and amid merry sallies and uproarious laughter the time passed swiftly away for them at ail events. Lilian tried to lead a conversation, but the attempt was a dismal failure. The keen air had made old Bee vis sleepy, and Jim was moodily contemplating the demolition of all his airy castles. So she gave up the effort. Tom's laughter jarred on Jim's ears. How could Tom carry on so when he was sitting there with a dislocated heart.? The lights of the city approached, and to celebrate the event Alice sang " Home, sweet home." Tom joined in in a not unmelodious bass. A duet was all the returning picnicers could manage. "Change carriages here," was Tom's ex clamation, as he pulled up his Aery steeds in front of Dunscombe Villa, and then there was much handshaking, a cry from Alice, " Ob, I was'nearly forgetting my basket," a chorus of " See you to-morrow," and Tom headed the horses for the city proper, Jim taking his seat on the box, painfully conscious of a sympathetic squeeze that Lilian had given his hand as they parted. " We've had a real good day, Jim. Never enjoyed myself so much in my life. How did you get on ?" Then as Jim mumbled some reply he went on, " I tell you what ifc is, Jim. That Alice Norman's simply a ripping girl. We were as lively as kittens. But perhaps you saw us." " Yes," answered Jim. " Do you know I was very nearly making a fool of myself when we were gathering fern. I suppose it must have been the country air or something of that sort. But I stopped in time. Of course it would never do to be disloyal to Lilian. There is only one Lilian, isn't there, Jirm ?" " Yes, Tom "—Jim gave a sigh—" there is only one Lilian." (To be continued) 