THE m THAT WIS, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By Mary Angela Dickens, AUTHOR OF "CROSS CURRENTS," "A MERE CYPHER," "A MOD. \- ERN JUDITH,!' "PRISONERS OF SILENCE," "VALIANT IGNOR- ANCE," "A STRANGE REDEMPTION." &c.;( &c;, . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued.) Not all this ghastly sequence of cause and effect was made clear to ' Tessa. She was vagueiy aware that there was some terrible connection between her husband's illness, and her brother, but the details were allowed to remain confused and blurred for her. To Dar- rent, however, the facts were put by the doctors themselves a3 ' plainly as might be. But Darrent bad long ago been swept' beyond the point at which the know- 1 ledge thus presented to him might have shocked him into reflection. For hint the whole position turned upon one pivot only; his own deception by Lady Arthur Grant. The innate vanity and egoism of his nature, thus wounded to the quick, blinded him to reason, blurred for him the simplest facts, de manded one thing only — an object against which the rage which surged in him might direct itself. His pas sion for tlie woman who had coquetted with him held good in spite of all. He might resent her treatment in every fibre, but her fascination ' was upon him still — to the Intolerable accentua tion of his tumultuous misery— and some other scapegoat must needs be provided. On Hilary, who stood, from one point of view, as the centre figure in the drama unrolled before his al most unheeding eyes; on Hilary, in whose girlish passion the whole dark present stood rooted; the brunt of his wrath spent itself. Cloaking his bit terness even from himself, as resent ment for the wrong done to Tessa, he refused to see Hilary, declaring that her concealment was a thing never to be forgiven. And he left England; leaving the affairs ol' the two lonely women in the hands of comparative strangers; to depart no one knew whither. On Hilary, therefore, the full force of the storm spent itself, and she faced it with a quiet born of reaction from sus pense to certainty.. The secret with roi- erence to her sister's husband, the sec ret which was now a secret no longer, had been the shadow of her life since it had first forced itself upon .her on that long ago evening in Stratton Park. It had poisoned the last years of her childr. hood, it had lurked behind all the brightness of her readjusted life, and its infludice lutd culminated in the long agony" of the past months. It was little wonder that the final crisis should have found her insensible and almost apa thetic. Her nerves were scared. She ac cepted Darront's condemnation of her unprotestlngly, almost stijpidly. She had lived through the first week which followed Michael Pembroke's outbreak, actuated by one instinct only, to bring to Tessa such comfort as unfailing ten derness and devotion might avail to create for her. Tessa never blamed her; never even seemed to realise her share in the catastrophe which had fallen up on her. And this forbearance, though it cut Hilary at times to the heart, was the one rope in the general shipwreck to which she could cling. It left open to her that one possibility of devotion to Tessa, and by that devotion her every word and act were dictated. Her every word and act; and. In the first numbness, lier every thought also. As she was in Tessa's presence, so she was in her brief intervals of solitude. The longs nights of sleepless suspense were things of the pnst. She slept heavily, as she went through her wait ing hours automatically. But latterly, as February gave place to March, there had come a change. There were times, when she was alone, when the quiet of her face would break up; she would wake in the night cry ing wildly; and she ho.d intervals of painful restlessness, hidden always from Tessa's knowledge. She was evidently holding herself carefully in hand as she finished her flowers, now, In the quiet dining-room; so carefully and resolutely that the line of her Hps grew straight and sot. She finished at last, and carried her handi work up to the drawing-room; and the last bowl of flowers placed; she remain ed standing by the table, absently touching and re- touching it. So absorb ed was she that when the drawing- rooir.oor opened she lifted her .head vaguely. A moment Inter she had started sharply; life and consciousness had ' come back to her face with a rush of scarlet colour, and she caught at the back of a chair. The servant had an nounced: "Mr. Frere!" And entering the room together, just as they had come many times into the room at Stratton Court, were Argus and his master. The servant withdrew, shutting the door; David Frere paused uncertainly: and still Hilary stood there, looking full at him; all the lines of her face relaxed and quivering. Then a sense 'of his he sitation seemed to Influence her. As though those blind eyes could have seen her face she forced It into composure, and went towards him, speaking as she did so.. . ' "How do you do?" she said, in a vague, hard tone. "How kind: of you to come." At the first sound of her voice the In tent expression on David Frere'8 face relaxed; a light leaped up in his eyes, and he came up to her rapidly arid di rectly. "How do you do?" he responded, speaking quickly and rather low. "I am fortuno.te in finding you at home." i He held' out his- hand as lie.spoko.and Hilary perforce laid her little fingers in it. She drew them away rapidly, how ever, and stooped down to speak to Ar gus. "Dear old Argus!" she said. "Are you as wise and good as ever? That's right!" with a nervous laugh as Argus offered his paw again and yet again. "Won't you come and sit down?"' she added to Argus's master; and she led the way to some chairs near the win dow. Then David Frere spoke. "Miss Cheslyn," ho began, . "I only reached London yesterday. I have been In Rome all the winter. I left di rections, of course, that all my letters should be forwarded, and I thought that this had been done — until last night." Hilary interposed. Another burning wave of colour had rushed over her face, and her hands clasped and un clasped one another painfully. "Don't think any more of it, please," she said, hurriedly. "I thought it must be something of that kind. It— it was very stupid of me to write at all." He leaned forward with a sharp ejac ulation of pain. "Ah!" he said. "Don't say that. If the letter had reached me nothing should have stood in the way of my acting on it. It would have been — I should have come back to England at once. I found it last night with two or three others— a batch that had been slipped into a drawer and- forgotten. I heard only last week from my aunt at King's Stratton, and I am not exag gerating when I say that I would give ten years of my life to have received your letter l:i time." He did no,t speak passionately ori even vehemently, but there was a sin gular vibration In his low tone. And something in their depths seemed to penetrate Hilary's painful, almost shamed agitation, and soothe It. Her hot colour faded, the nervous move ment of her hands relaxed. She lean ed back suddenly In her chair, as she said, very low, "Thank you." There was a brief sllerice. David Frere seemed to need the interval for private purposes of self-command. Hilary seemed to have almost lost touch with her surroundings for the moment, In a new sensation of reBt and quiet. She drifted back, however, and broke the silence. "Have you heard — everything?" she said, with the ghost of a miserable little smile. "Do you know that it was all my fault?" "I have heard everything!" he an swered quickly, almost sharply. "You were a child! It was a child's " She stopped him, lifting her head peremptorily. "Don't!" she said, In a low, unsteady voice. "I know! But I did it!" She turned away her face, pressing her chin on her hand as her elbow rest ed on the arm of her chair, and he did not speak at once. Then he said: "Why did you not tell me — that af ternoon when we met in the lane? If you >.could have told mo!" "I wanted to!" she said. "I nearly did. I think — I meant to!" She stop-1 ped abruptly. Her voice had altered oddly, even on the last word, and the next moment she had risen. "You'll have some tea, won't you?" she said, in, a hard, conventional tone. "I'll ring." There was a perceptible' pause be fore David Frere replied. His brows had contracted, sharply. But he spoke gi'avely and quietly. "I did not come to trouble you about the past, Miss Cheslyn. Forgive me, if I've blundered. I came to see if I could help you with the present. 1 hear that there is a— a broach between your brother and yourself, and that you are noi always aware, even, of hi3 where abouts, If this Is so I cannot bear to think what It must mean to vou." jl vi niu ccviimy uitiu oiiiut; uu nai fii- tered the room his voice seemed to pene trate straight to the very tore of Hi lary's consciousness, She stopped sud denly, with her hand actually on the bell, and looked at him. Her lips turned white, aud she shivered sharply. The pain which had been gradually rousing her from the merciful apathy of those first weeks was being put into words for her for the first time. "He is abroad!" she sold. She spoke rapidly, and as though she were trying to defend herself from the emotion she had learned to dread. "He Is abroad." "I know," returned David Frere gent ly. "I am sorry with all my heart." Hilary turned away, flinging out her hands with a sudden gesture of utter self-abandonment and despair. "Ah," she cried, "you understand, you understand. Oh, my boy! my poor, poor boy! Think of it. I don't know where he is. I can do nothing for him. He's been swept and tossed about, further and further from ills real self, and there Is no one— no one— to help him Darrent! Darrent!" Her voice broke as she finished into a | low, choking sob, and she let her face : fall on her hands, struggling so fiercely for self-control that her whole slight I figure quivered from head to foot. "Will you tell mo what It Is you are I afraid of for him?" 1 "Everything!" Hilary lifted her | head, clasping her hands passionately. "He is so changed! You could not un derstand unless you knew him as he Is now. There's nothing dreadful that I should bo surprised to hear about him. I expect it! I watch for it every day! And there's that woman!" Hilary pushed her hair feverishly from her forehead. "She made him love her a3 he never loved anything before; as I didn't think he could love! And he can't forget her, he can't leave off lov ing her, even though he Is furious with her. That's what makes him take it all 30 hardly! He's tortured all the time between his love and his resent ment. He's wild with misery!" David Frere made a slight gesture of comprehension. "When did you hear of him last?" he said. . "Three weeks ago!" she answered. The relief of free expression was doing its work, and she was quieter. "He was at Monte Carlo then — she was staying at 'Cannes, and lie follows her wherever she goes, though he never speaks to her, or goes near her. Since then I've heard nothing. I know she's lri England again, but I don't know where,: and I don't even know whether he has come back." ' - "I will find out for you," said David Frere, quietly. ''Darrent and I were very good friends In the old days. I will go and see him." On the Instant, as he began' to speak, Hilary's restlessness had subsided, into absolute quiet. She stood for a' mo ment looking at him, flushing and pal ing with extraordinary rapidity. Then her. .lips parted. "Oil!" she said, "is that possible?. Could you?" "Why not?" he said, lightly, rising as ho spoke. "A blind man doesn't seem the best person in the world to send on a.search, certainly. ' But he lias his ad vantages, too! . . Everyone -is kind to: him. No.' I know you do not mean that!" he ridded quickly and gravely. "I: only wanted to make you smile! Trust me. You will see me again before long, and then I shall have seen, him." He held out his hand as he spoke, and Hilary laid hers in it. "I can't thank you," she said. "No!" he answered. "Don't!" CHAPTER XXV.— LADY ARTHUR ' APOLOGISES. The day which had been so warm and bright in the afternoon, when Hil ary walked home along Oxford-street, changed as evening drew on, and the night , was cold' and wet. There was a gale in the Channel, and the Calais boat which reached Dover on the following morning disembarked a dejected com pany of passengers. Rain was still falling, and the aspect of affairs, as viewed from Dover Pier, was not calculated to exhilarate the spirits. More than one of the English passengers saluted his native land with epithets the reverse of complimentary. But Darrent Cheslyn, who was the last to leave- the boat, after one muttered oath as he turned up his coat collar, strode on his way to the train, appa rently oblivious of the surrounding dis comfort. He threw himself into a first- class smoking carriage, securing soli tude by a gratuity to the guard, bought a paper, and ensconced himself in a corner. The purchase of the paper, however, seemed to be a mere matter of habit; for he threw it? down on the opposite seat without even unfolding It. Nor was his attitude that of a man who has paid for solitude in order that he may repose himself, though miles of country had been covered before he stirred. Darrent was greatly changed. The fever of unrest by which he was evi dently possessed seemed to have work ed on him physically and morally, and to have brought about deterioration In either case. He looked ill and dissipated. But the most striking feature about his personality was the wild, almost reckless, misery with which it was In stinct. His blood-shot, sunken eyes were never still for an instant. The full tide of Darrent Cheslyn's manhood had been let loose for the first time by the magnetism of Lady Arthur Grant. All the feeling, tj»e im petuosity, the emotionalism of which his twin sister had hitherto appeared to , possess the monopoly suddenly as serted their presence in his nature al so; leaped to the forefront, practically without warning, and carried all before them as such suddenly awakened im petus will. He loved, not the real wo man—the. subtleties of .her character, whether for good or evil," he was utterly incapable of grasping— but the woman he had enthroned In his heart in her likeness. Compelled to realise that he had been "layed with and deceived, the battle between passion and resentment had raged fiercely, rending his whole life, dragging him always lower and lower. He had declared in the first flush of his rage and pain that he would put the sea — the world -iff need be — between himself and the woman who had so used him. But he had gone no further than Paris, where he had plunged headlong into the wildest dissipation. Three weeks later he had been once more in London, heart, sielt, sullen, haunting all places where he might see Lady Arthur Grant in public; never approaching her, refusing even to acknowledge the care less little bow with which she favoured him on one occasion. And when, a little later, Lady Arthur Grant went to the Riviera, he followed her thither. Nearly a week had passed now since she re turned to England; a week which Dar rent had passed at Monte Carlo, gamb ling recklessly, and defying himself to follow her back. But passion had con quered again. The train that was car rying him swiftly through the grey, raIn-3oakod country, wa3 carrying him back to the self-inflicted torture without which life was unendurable to him — the constant sense of her neighbourhood, the power to see her whenever ho cho3e, the power to hear her speak, though not to him. The boat express was all too slow for his impatience before he reached his journey's end, and he was gnawing his under lip nervously as he jumped out upon the platform at Charing Cross and strode to a cab, signing impatiently to a porter to follow with his bag. "Victoria!" he called to the cabman. "Look sharp!" Three hours later he was walking out of the railway station at Brighton. His mood seemed to have changed. Avold- inc the nrlncinal Btreeta he teelr hlo way to a small hotel. It was by this time nearly six o'clock. He ordered dinner to be ready In half an hour and went away to his room. He had done little, however, to alter the travel-stained appearance conse quent upon his Journey when he reap peared in the dining-room; and he ate little or nothing when his dinner was eventually placed before him. He drank, however, freely. When his coffee had been served, he sat on, smoking, with the same sullen rebellious expression clouding his face. But at last he pushed back his chair suddenly, and rose; he went abruptly out into the hall, calling roughly to the waiter for his hat. There was no reluctance about him now; he went out rapidly, no longer keeping to unfrequented streets, but making straight for the Klng's-road; and a very few minutes brought him to one of the principal hotels at Brighton. He walked straight up to the functionary In at tendance in the hall.. (to be continued.) 