AMERICAN WONDERLAND. Our presentations from photographs of Famous American Scenery this week consist of two beautifully executed engravings of •• The Grand Flume in Ausable Chasm " (New York StaH), and "Najaqui Falls, Gaviota Pass" (California). A trip through the Ausable Cbasm is described as one of unspeakable delight and enrapturing surprises ; just above the point where the cha 111 bemiu there is an old mill once lun by a wheel driven by a sluice, but steam has superseded this natural power and detracted somewhat from the interest which would otherwise inveBt the plac?. The dam is BHII there, however, and over ita brink the water flows in softest measures, ti strike the rocky shelves below, where i(. biils and brawM in confused dismemberment until joined again in an unbroken stream. The banks rise rapidly, while the rivar draws deeper into its bed. until presently, making a leap at Gianf Falls, it plunees into a great gorge whose walls have been eaten by the flood* and ice of centuries. It is by a succession of falls and cataracts that the streaw reaches its greates*. depression known as the Grand Flume, through which a pleasant passage mav be continue < in boats. The "Najaqui Falls," Gaviota Pass, California, are among the m >st. noted of th*: natur al marvels of that wonderful ciuntry. the otliei' day who asked : " Well, how arc you getting on •• First late." replied the doctor; "I've had one case —midwifery, yon know.'" •• And how did you succeed .'' •• Well, the woman died and the child died : but I think I'll save the old man." In Court.—Counsel : "Will your Worship takf tliat down .'" Popular ./.P.: Jn the first plain;, ynu have no right to tell ine to take anything down : in the second place. I v.-ouM not take it if you did. unless I waited to : and in the tlrrd place. I A-ire taken it down." •• I'overty is increasing all over t he world.'' remarked Mr Hancock oracularly to the O.d Age Pensions Commission in Melbourne on Thursday : 1 hit is my experience. ' Whereupon several broken-down miners, with families ranging from ten and twelve children upwards, looked hard and enviously at tin 1 rotund ami comfort ible figure of the Labor 111 mber for Footscray, and appeared to think thai flic word poverty vva<. after all. but acompaiative term. It is to be regrette I that one of our otherwise estimable citizens is s > wr •(chedly shorttempered. Yesterday a man in a hurry met him in the passage-way of an ho el. Both were hurried. Each stepped to the righ 1 . Then each stepped to the left. Whereupon both stepped to the right. Then the otherwise estimable citizen stood still, and glaringly savagely at the other, enquired. ''What/',? your game .' I didn't come in here to dance . a bldiiky scliottische.'' The following is a c'py of a letter which was received at the meeting of the .St Peter's (Adelaide) Corpo a ion afits last meeting :— To his wor-hip the mayre and councillors gentlemen since the making of Wheat oilroad and the heavy rain my fence gave way which the foot parth gave way too Please tT send few loads of dirt so that lean macke the foot path secure Also 1 wish to have into my a Lottment No .S a crossing 1 remain your obedient servant -God Bless us aD."' The Council granted him his dirt. •lust how the W.A. agriculturist is progressing oil the highway to affluence was well brought out the other day in a conversation between a commercial traveller and a storekeeper in one of our .South-Western agricultural areas. Commercial — "Good morning, Mr Jones, and how do vou tind trale?" Storekeeper — "Well, there's no cash trade at all : the little that is doing is all tick. The only customer I ve had for nearly a week was old Mrs Brown, wife of the man that's farming the side of the hill over there. She bought a egg's worth of tea. and got trusted for it till her speckle l pullet lajs.'' In another column appears an account of a French duel which took place bet veen M. de fiignier and Count Moiitesijuoue recen ly. Our London eorrospondenl referred to the d illicit Ity last month. The shedding of gore was rendered necessary to satisfy the honor of (he count, by remarks on his cowardly conduct made by de Uignier s sister-in-law in •connection with the awful tire at the bazaar in Paris. The fight was a very i|uiet affair The parties got together and after a few passes the man who louglit for his sisterin-law cut the finger of his adversary. Blood tlowed and honor was satislied. They fell upon each other's necks and left t lie gorybattle-ground together. There does not seem to have been too much vim in the contest. Neither the challenger nor the challenged was eager to slay his adversary and took no chances of being made a ghost of himself. There was no Corsican Brothers battling with hiltless swords and lightning in the eyes of the combatanis. Altogether the French duel is a good deal like one alleged to have occurred in the early days of these fields. A couple of pioneers quarrelled over a game in which both were playing all they knew. One was a very large man and the other a very little one. But the little fellow had a heart as big as a heap of road metal, and knowing he had no chance in the fight which should have followed the slap in the lace lie received. promptly challenged the other to come outside and give him satisfaction with the pistol. The big man was Dot " game." It is a wise piovision of nature that big meu as a jule art- slow to anger, and not anxious to enter into a quarrel. Occasionally they arc rank 1 'cocktails," and the party herein - referred ' 'o was of that species. He fuuked the challenge, but had to face the music or leave the farm. The boys, however, did not want bloodshed. They were after sport. and the opportunity having presented itself was seized. The little man was in deadly earnest, and would have sat down and shot across the table had he been permitted. 15ut lie was persuaded to leave tne arrangement of the duel in the hands'of the company, and both being relieved of their weapons, they sat- on different sides of the street until the' preliminaries were fixed. Then they were placed back to back, handed their weapons, and told to walk ten steps from each other, and then turn and tire. This they did. Neither jevoUev contained a bullet, but as the leports sounded a very stale egg thrown by an unerring hand took the big fellow full m the face, and explode! with a pop nearly m loud as the pis'ol shot. He fell to the ground wounded; in his own opinion, but when he found be was not hurt claimed the tight on a foul. But it was r ot a fowl— only an egg. Alas for those pleasant days. They are gone. We are civilised. There is no more life now than there is in a forgotten graveyard at midnight. One policeman can quell a riot, and even the magiBtiaies are popular. Moab writes in the " W.A. Review" (London) :—" The balance of the sexes is evidently not yet properly adjusted in Western Australia, judging from what was heard at the Genoa! Election. " Is the candidate in favor of giving women the suffrage ?" was the stock question, to which on one meinorable < ccasion, a heavy voice from the crowd replied, "Yes. Give 'em any blanky thing thing they like to tct 'em over here —This is a fancy paragraph. At the election, and for a conside able time before it, there were quite enough women on the fields. And now. we are credibly informed, there are too many—of a certain class The announcement of the death of Jack Burke (The Irish Lad), the first pugilist of his weight to stand four rounds before the invincible J. L. Sul.ivan, then in the zenith of his arenic glory recalls his visit to Australia. He arrived without any heralding or beat of drum, and very soon afterwards matched against that prince of scientific boxers, Larry Foley. Few knew anything of the visitor, but Larry's name was a household word whereever the Irish brogue was spoken. And every Mick who had a spare pound in his clothes backed the local man wheiever he could find a layer. As a rule the man who laid against "Larrance" made the wager without comment, since any attempt to supply reasons why the stranger should win usually led up to an impromptu few rounds between the parties. Amongst the many admirers of the only Foley, was a Dubuo man, a storekeeper of the Irish persuasion, with a firm and settled conviction that Larry was the greatest fighter who had ever shed his singlet in the roped square. His business touk him a couple of times a year ro Sydney, and he did not fail to put in a portion of his time over a bottle cf wine with his pugilistic idol. He viewed the match with the newcomer a- foregone. " Larry'll bate thesocks aff hiu.." he remarkei confidently whenever the fight was spoken of in his hearing. "Bur-r-ke have no s{,ow wid him—no chance ad all." Still the name Burke appealed to him. Burke, too, was Irish, and lie was anxious to know what manner of man he was. During the month preceding the contest a coram r- eial traveller from Sydney called on our friend, and he would talk 110 business till he had obtained all the i'- formation he desired- -'Have y' seen this Jack Bur-r-ke" he asked "the man that's matched wid Larry?" "Oh yes," was the reply. "What line a man is he?" "Well he's a strong strapping young fellow, and ought to put Up a good fight." " Oh. he have no show wiM Larrv. How do he dhress in th' ring '!' •' I haven't seen him, but they tell me he wears green silk pants and a white sash." "Um—hum, do he now .' Well he moight be betther nor Oi t'ink. but he have n<> show wid Larry." " — He always wears a white singlet too. with a shamrock juBt over the heart." "He do : do he ? Well now nioiiul y' Larry'll have to watcn him." " And when 1 saw him coming out of St. Mary's last Sunday morning, after being to early mass, with lv.s high bat and frock coat and well-fittiug clothes on, I tell you he looked every inch an Irish gentleman." " At early mass did y'say,"queried the storekeeper, who had visibly weakentd. wid green pants and a shamrock on bisheart. Fail' Oi dunno bud id'ii take Larry all his toime to bate him." As a matter of fact, Larry did not " Late' him. The Irish La«l Was iu the pink of condition and tit to tight for a kingdom. The balt'e took place on the Carrington running grounds, in the pitsence of the bigger "gate" ever tallied i the colonies: £l,8oo was divided by the combatants after the battle, which was limited lo eight rounds, with Burke leading all the way. In the first he knocked Lawrence off his feet, and the sob which went up fiom the crowd was an exprc*- sion of surpiise and grief at the fall of a popular idol. But the result might have beenamieipnted. the charming lady to whom he largely owes the social position he occupies and the wealth he has accumulated, and took no trouble ^ with his training. Youth, too, rau.st be served, and Burke hud thai on his side. The result was a draw on sufferance. After this Burke m^t his Waterloo in Paddy Slavin. and left an English and American reputation in the hands of the big Maitlaoder. Henever again appeared prominently in the ring. 