CHAPTER irr. I suppose that Mr. Wiggles felt tliat - not to put too fine a point on it-his nose had been put ont of joint by Mr. Adolphus Vere de Vere, for after he left there ap- peared in him a certain energy and urgency of bis suit that I had not noticed before. He had been galvanised into temporary jealousy. The result was that I received a letter from him. Why he wrote when we saw each other twice if not thrice daily I am at a loss to say. However, write he did. And this was the letter Í received from bim - " Honoured Madam, "It must have been obvious to your keen intelligence that I have not for some time been insensible to your charms, both personal and conversational. It lies with you to make me the most happy or the most miserable of men. I lay myself and my future at your feet, with expres- sions of the sincerest admiration, and hopes of the most assured happiness. " Believe me. madam, to remain, " Your most respectful servant, " HORATIO WIGGLES." Now. it was really too bad, this letter. If it had been original I might have con- doned his writing in place of falling on one knee and putting his hand to his heart, waving the other-addressing me in terms of fervent sentiment. But it was not original I knew the letter intimately. It was copied out of " The Polite Letter Writer." Wiggles was so devoid of genuine sentiment that he was forced to apply to a book of formulas to obtain one in which to make application for my hand and heart. I was hurt. Iwasindig nant. Mr. Vere de Vere would not have acted thus. But a De Vere is a De Vere, and a Wiggles is a Wiggles. You cannot uiake silk purses out of sows' ears. What is borue in the bone comes out in the flesh, I did not answer the letter immediately. I determined to torture him first. He de- served it. At supper that evening I led the conver- sation to names ; and I said that, in my opinion, the name had much to do with the determination of a mau's character, per- sonal appearance, and elevation of mind. Turning to my mother, 1 asked her if she were not of my opinion. My dear Jane," she said, " I have not the smallest idea in the world." " Why," observed Mr. Wiggles, " there are the Smiths of the Castle : who can be nicer, more respected than they? And there are in the family not only characters of the highest description, but also a cer- tain measure of good looks." " Yes, sir," said I severely, " All that is due to the fact that they are Fitz Auberons. Smith is nothing; Fitz Auberon is everything. Even in finest gold there is an amount of alloy. Smith is only the alloy to the pure aristocratic metal of Fitz Auberon." " Well, I don't know," said Mr. Wiggles, " ' A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.' " " Pardon me," said I. " The cabbage rose is scentless." "Then the Fitz Auberon Smiths should be characterless and featureless," retorted the clerk. "Set Smith against cabbage, and Fitz Auberon against rose." As he pushed his plate away, he saw a letter under it. " Oh, my bill," he said. I tossed ray head. His bill, indeed ! It was my reply to his letter. This was my reply *' Dear Sir, " I beg most respectfully to notify the acceptance of yours of 9 p.m. ultimo, and beg, with the same respect, to assure you that I could never be induced to change the name of Tompkins for that of Wiggles. With sentiments of esteem, and gratitude ? that you should have condescended to think of me. " I remain, Sir, " Yours obediently, " JANE TOMPKINS." Mr Wiggles took his cow gt5 well. It did not make him lose his appetite. This I particularly noticed. Next day we had sausages for breakfast, and he ate two, whereas my motlier pecked at half a one, and I consumed another half. Herbert took but one-I daresay he would have eaten another, but there was none left. To think of a rejected lover eating two sausages and enjoying them, after being refused! But what fineness of feeling, what delicacy of conduct can be expected of a Wiggles? We received no letter from Mr. Vere de Vere. This rather dis- concerted me. I had hoped that he would have written and disclosed his heart shortly after leaving. Then, Oh ! what a contrast would his letter have been to that of Horatio Wiggles ! But he did not write. He left the declaration to his return at the beginning of November. Mr. Wiggles did not seem to be particu- larly pleased to hear that our infirm lodger was coming back again. He gave vent to sarcastic remarks, which were uncalled for, and calculated to wound my feelings. If he had confined himself to speaking like this to me alone I should have known how to set him down, hut he perverted Herbert's mind, and gave it a turn against the mau who in all probability would be his brother in-law. Herbert was very fond of Mr. Wiggles, and whenever the clerk bad spare time be would take the boy walks on the dill's or downs, and the creature h id really some knowledge of the ways of birds and insects, and could discourse in an interesting manner thereon to a boy and engage his attention, and awake his intellect. He taught Herbert to observe and to think. This was true education ; at schools boys are taught to acquire by heart and go along a curriculum of stu lies in an un- reasoning routine. Consequently, I was really grateful to Mr. Wiggles for what he did for Herbert. His mind woke up under the impulse given it by the clerk in a manner it never would have done under the chalk and blackboard system at the little grammar school to which we now sent him. I may here mention a couple of circum- stances that were much talked about in our town. I have not spoken of them already, because the affairs of my heart claimed a first place in my notes. But, having said what I desired to say concern- ing Mr. Vere de Vere aud Mr. Wiggles, I will now address myself to these other matters. It appeared that the robbery at the Castle was not the only thing of the kind that occurred about the 8 tine time. A most daring attempt was made on the bank, a brandi of a large county con- cern. The lower windows of the bank are all barricaded with iron, and no one could break through them. But above the offices of the Bank are the apartments of the manager. The windows of these are not barred. His sitting-room Photo by A. 8. Forsyth ?> Norseman. A HOME MAIL. occupies the front towards the street, the bedrooms being to the rear. Now it seems that one night just before the affair at the Castle, one of these draw ing-room windows was entered, and the burglars having passed through the room descended to the Bank offices, where they forced the door, got in, and endeavoured to break open the iron safe, in which was kept a certain amount of gold and securities, etc. The attempt was unsuccessful. The lock resisted all efforts to open it, and it was not found possible to prize open the door. The burglars took only a few trifles and decamped. This was kept quiet; the manager attempted to hush the matter up, as there had been no material loss ; never- theless it leaked out after the affair of the Smiths, and was much commented upon. It was the opinion of the police and the public generally that a desperate gang of burglars was in the neighbourhood. But the discovery of them was difficult, not to say impossible. In the case of the Bank no collusion with servants was thought of. The entry had been made by tho window : marks of the tool which had turned back the hasp of the sash were visible on the paint. The sash had been raised, and the burglars had entered the window. Hov: the fellows had succeeded in reach- ing the window was a puzzle ; it could only have been effected by a ladder. But the head of the police started a most ingenious system of explanation. He held that such a thing as a telescopic ladder was possible, made of the finest steel tubes, which could shut up into a space so small as to bc carried under one of those long great coats so much in vogue now. This telescopic ladder would, he said, consist of removable steel rungs, the two sides would be elon- gated, and the rungs run through holes in the sides, and in five minutes the whole ladder would be ready for use, and could be dismantled more rapidly than put together. By this means he believed the Bank had been entered. This theory hardly applied to the robbery at the Castle, as the height there was more than double that of the Bank, and it was inconceivable that a light, portable telescopic ladder would have served for so considerable an elevation. No fine steel bars could bear a man's weight at such a height,-they must bend nuder him. "Whereas, at the bank the first story was but 13ft. from the street. This was what was talked about after, or along with, the atfair at the Castle. The other matter was rather too absurd to deserve mention, nevertheless I d<< men- tion it. A veryi'iieer rumour spread like wildfire through tbe^ town that it was flaunted, that a ghost had been seen at night coming down this or that street ; but no sooner did the person who was walking in the street and observed it draw nigh, than whish ! away went the ghost up the walls, over the roofs, and vanished into the clouds, for all the world like a shadow. It was asserted that this apparition was not in a winding sheet, but was black; that it was not seen save on dark nights. Here it was that the difficulty arose. How was it that it was only seen when the nights were too obscure for anyone to see anything? The story was not only in- trinsically absurd, but it was also con- tradictory, and was dismissed by all intelligent and educated persons, and was only talked about with seriousness by the vulgar and ignorant. ###### Do you know how that, at the end of autumn, the flies congregate against a wall, buzz in myriads at a window, cover the ceiling, and get into every warm corner? Whence they all come is a wonder. They most of them die-the window- sill is a charnel house every day of dead flies. Why they die one does not see, because the cold is not as yet intense, and there is as much food about as iu summer. Herbert was much interested in the flieí. Mr. Wiggles pointed out to him oui ou a window pane surrounded by a white cloud on the glass, and he told Herbert that this was due to disease. The fly had eaten some seeds of a fungus, und this fungus grew in the system of the fly and penetrated through all its veins and pores, and at last pushed out micro- scopic filaments, each of which was a seed pod. He told Herbert that if he had a goad lens the fly would .be seen to be a very hedgehog, bristling with the little points of this fungus, and the white circle about the fly on the glass, he said, were the seeds deposited. He also showed Herbert the eye of the fly, and holding it iu the sunshine, let him observe how composite the organ was. According to Mr. Wiggles, each eye wa<3 maVie up of-I can't say how many hun- dreds of retinae. Herbert asked whether the fly saw everything multiplied to many hundreds. But he replied that all the little nerves from these retinas were twisted before they entered the brain, and so coveyed but a single impression to the fly. Next, Herbert remarked the flies on the wall and ceiling, and he said to Mr. Wiggles, " How is it that the flies don't fall ? They run up the side of the room, and along the ceiling just as easily as we can walk ou a level floor. I should have thought they would have lost balance and come down croppers." "Cropper," said I, "is a vulgarism, Her- bert. Is it not, mamma ?" " My dear, 1 have no notion," answered my mother. " I believe it is," said I, " so please, Her- bert, not to employ that slang expression again." " The way in which it is contrived that flies should run where they like, up walls and along ceilings," said Mr. Wiggles, " is this, Herbert. rJy the power of suction implanted in their feet. I will go to the shoemaker and get you a bit of leather, and show you how their feet act." The next day Mr. Wiggles bought a round piece of flexible leather to which in the centre was attached a thread. This he moistened and put it on a stone, and to the surprise of Herbert the stone could be raised. "This," 6aid Mr. Wiggles, "is a sucker. And the feet of the flies are suckers. By means of this simple contrivance they can go where they like." " I've seen tilings like that," said Herbert. " Mr. Vere de Vere lias them in his room. He put them on the table one day when the sun shone in bis window. He went out with old Grubb wheeling bim, and I peeped into his room." " Mr. Ver<* had suckers !" " I only saw them that once," said 0t Herbert. "He used to keep bis things in a portmanteau always locked, but that day he went out in a hurry between showers, and had not put the things away." " In-deed !" said Wiggles, and his sandy eyebrows went up. " In-deed ! How very singular. In-deed !" 