What is to be Done? Sufficient evidence is already forthcoming to show that we were not wrong in supposing that there was an audience to be reached by a penny paper of the unique kind that the CHAMPION has now become. A great many letters and verbal communications testify to the fact that the paper, small though it is, is the best penny worth ever offered to the Victorian public and it is still more gratifying to find that a considerable number of old readers and new want the paper to fulfil its selfimposed mission. We don't make any secret of what we are aiming at. As has been constantly said here, it doeB not want to preach to the converted only but to reach and compel the attention ot the careless, frivolous multitude who want nothing lees than to be preached at and must have an intolerable deal of entertainment to a ha'penny-worth of doctrine. It has got to jump heavily on a lot of that multitude's pet weaknesses and yet hold their interest. It must necessarily outrage the dearest susceptibilities of the "commercial" classes and yet force them to admit its value as an advertising medium. And while performing all these feats it has to maintain a cheerful and entertaining demeanour upon the bread and water of affliction. The gentle reader will admit that all this ia a bit difficult and will perceive that we understand that we have taken a recent correspondent's advice to count the cost. Many readers send us good advice and we can't have too much of it. We can't take it all, for some of it is contradictory and we have our own judgment to consult. But we are none the less grateful to these correspondents and willing to consider their suggestions. • « * Moreover we can see that the CHAMPION'S main immediate object meets with increasing approval. The people do want to see "something" done. Even amongst the most apparently conflicting sections of the reform party there is a promising willingness to ponder any reasonable proposal to marshall the whole forces along the line of leaBt resistance and fling them upon the weakest spot in the enemy's front. That there may be very much difference about the details, goes without saying. But if the discussion is begun in the spirit of trying to minimize differences and not to exaggerate them and if the purposes of the would-be co-operators are the same, a satisfactory conclusion will be come to. Let us repeat once more the important points. During 1897 there is going to be a general election, which to all appearances will decide the future.?* this country up to the very opening of the next century. If " something " is not done, the old precedents will be followed. The existing Ministry will "go to the country " upon a skimble-skamble programme dictated for it by the Age and be returned with more or less success to a three years' lease of power. It will wearily attack its programme of shreds and patches well knowing that if it takes up any fragment of reform about which the people care or which seriously promises " to do something," it will be blocked by the Council. Faced by this certainty of impotence, threatened by destruction from the Age if it attacks the real issues, sure that even its own supporters prefer the moBt glaring legislative paralysis to a dissolution and & crisis, it must fall an easy prey to the inevitable tactics of the Council. That is what most certainly threatens the country unless " something " is done. • • • What that " somethto '' is the Bulletin, the cynical, broken-spirited BuHeti^Scalls ji upon some one to explain. That is easy enough. You have to see that the General Election results, not in a scramble for teats by politicians who have to label themselves in big letters to persuade people that it is not six of one and half a dozen of the other, but in a popular mandate for a. brief, clear, distinct programme of reform which for the present we will call The candidates can be forced to contemplate e, to declare for or against, and to pledge themselves to support no Government that shuffles about x. Then e must inevitably be sent up to the Council by any possible Government—not as a casual happy thought of a Ministry in search of a cry, but as a programme the people have had before them and adopted. The Council is not likely to treat it as it has. treated the half-hearted suggestions of pseudo-democratic Ministries. It must be remembered that the Council is quite within its rights in throwing out any hasty, unauthorised propositions put before it by the Government of the day without any distinct mandate from the constituencies. A Second Chamber existB, not to veto popular legislation, but to ensure the delay of measures that may be sprung upon the country by a temporary majority, until the people have had an opportunity of expressing a definite opinion on them. If the Council abdicated that position LB. it mightaB well put up the shutters at once and retire from business. But if the Council were to veto reforms on which the people have been consulted, and in favour of which there is a strong feeling, it would issue its own death-Bentence. And its members, like the members of every other Second Chamber in the world, are fully aware of the position. • • • The trouble is that such a definite popular mandate never is asked for or pronounced. The last general election simply asserted that the country did not want any more of Sir JAMES PATTEBSON. NO one can pretend that the Ts&KXfi; Ministry at its start stood for any principles or practical measures. It merely represented a change which could hardly be for the worse. At this general election all this must be reversed. The majority of members of the Assembly and the Ministry they put in. office must be notoriously and avowedly returned to achieve a programme or to go to the country at once upon that programme • if it • be rejected • by the Council. What we propose then is this; that a brief, practical programme be drawn up which shall exclude all minor matters upon which there is difference of opinion and shall include the matters of pressing immediate importance upon which the bulk of the voters ate at one; that every candidate shall be pledged for or against this programme clearly and unmistakeably; and further pledged to throw out any possible Government which shirks or delayB the isBue. Then we should have two parties in the Lower HOUBB, one committed to a definite programme and one opposed to it. Our proposition, it will be seen, is simple and eaey to work. If accepted by our readers and taken up by them, it can only fail from one cause. If the bulk of the electorates do not care anything about national politics, do not want "something" done, and are indifferent about the destiny of the country, this plan of campaign will fail. But there is no way of getting a democracy - to govern itself properly unless it does take some interest in its own affairs. Now, while we fully admit that the majority is indifferent at present, we think it is so just because there IB no clear issue before the country and no party to follow or get enthusiastic about. Change that, and apathy will disappear. # * # The great difficulty is in the programme. The enthusiasts will want to burden it with a whole series of measures, so contentious as to destroy unanimity and so numerous as to obscure the main issue and darken counsel. The weak-kneed will think any measure of importance to difficult to carry. But the difficulty muBt be tackled and the sooner the better. The CHAMPION therefore suggests a programme for discussion by its readers and prints it here without comment. • # » Flodg-e for Assembly Candidates. 1\. Will you oppose any Government which does not include in its first Budget a tax of Id. in the £1 on the unimproved value of land in town and country without exemptions—Yes or No ? 2\. Will you oppose any Government which does not at once apply the proceeds of such a land-values tax to (a) Reduction of railway freights. (h) Remission of "duties on articles of general , consumption not produced in Victoria such as tea, rice, &c.;—Yes or No f 3\. Will you oppose any Government which does not at ontb go to the country should the above proposals fail-Yes or No? » • » We don't want to ram this programme down any one's throat. We want it discussed and improved. All we contend is that if the democracy of this country wants to get on with the development of the country, to stay the exoduB of population which IB ruining all classes, and to take the initial steps towards making Victoria a hopeful, prosperous and progressive place to live in, something very like this must be put in train without delay. If no one else will start the business, this paper means to do so. If any reputable persons will start it this paper • will * help them, » all it knows. The CHAMPION assumes this position because it is as well aware as every one else that no such movement has the ghost of a show in this country without the support of an organ in the Press. Our readers comprise most of the people in Victoria who may be expected to do the work. What do they think of the plan of campaign ? 