Between Ourselves. THE "Miner" this week has been raising a howl about the lowering of wages by the Coolgardie Council officers. The " Miner " did not mention the matter until the REVIEW took it up last Saturday; but when the "Miner" did go into the affair the turncoat journal did not forget to exaggerate as much as possible. The " Miner" wants to curry cheap favor with the workers, and at the same time boom Morgani?, the workmen's worst enemy, but the workers have more brains than editor Kingswell ever knew how to carry, and they are not going to be hoodwinked. THE BF.VIEW rises to apologise to Mr. A. E. Morgans for calling him a " lion in the path of labor." We took the gentleman too much on tiust when so describing him. He had boomed himself so well that even we fell into error. But when we heard his voice on Friday n ; ght we recognised another animal under the borrowed hide of the lion. A MONSTER concert arranged by the Mayor of Coolgardie in aid of the Mt. Charlotte disastei victims, will take place at the Cremorne Gardens on the night of the 23rd May. Every workman in and around Coo'gardie ought to be present upon this occasion for sweet charity's sake. LOOK out shopkeepers! Look out workmen! We believe that if the Forrest water scheme is started the men employed will not be white men but Afghans. Of course, the Forrest crowd will deny this—they will deny anything. Hooroo! for Mahomet Morgans, the man who opposes the minimum wage so as to open the door for the scum of Afghanistan. THE proposed mining exhibition for Coolgardie is one of the best j-chemes yet proposed to keep Coolgardie in the front rank. The A.W.A. was asked to join in the matter when first mooted. The A W.A. wrote supporting it in every way. Now the thing is on the high road to success the ungracious crowd in charge are snubbing the A W.A., and booming the cuff and collar crowd for' all they know. It was ever thus. Still, the mining exhibition is a splendid idea. A MARTYR near the cross of duty— Morgans stands, And stretches to the workirg people- Gilded hands; I am a toiler in your ranks, He said, When lo a sweet voice cried, Oh ! shave yer 'ed. MORGANS told the crowd last Friday night that he opposed the minimum wage in Govtrnment contracts, and at the indignation meeting held on Tuesday night in Bayley-street Hales, the Labor candidate, waled the capitalist champion to pieces on that subject. Of course Mr Morgans is opposed to the minimum wage, it lets in the Afghans and the Chinamen and the Jap, and it drives the white workman and his wife and children to starvation, and it ruins the small shopkeeper. Of course, Mr Morgans is opposed to the minimum wage in Government contracts. SPE A KING at the post-mot tern banquet in the Coolgardie Miner office when that journal was " bought" the present alleged proprietor said: The only gentlemen who have lent roe any assistance are Messrs. Sinclair, our future Attorney-General, and Mr. Hewer. Mr. Hewer is the right-hand man of the Morgans syndicate— it tu brute. THE idea of recognising the services of Ernest* Giles, "the explorer, \is one that commands the sympathy of every man in the community. Ernest Giles helped to make Australia, and he is one of the best explorers we have had. It was love of adventure, 'ove of fame, that led him to submit to his wanderings in the Australian desert. He was born an explorer, much after the same fashion as Christopher Columbus, Alphonso Albuquergne, and our own Captian Cook, were born navigators. Their names are enshrined in the hearts of the people of the world, and we Australians ought to regard Giles as one of our heroes, one of the small band who, by their determination, have opened up this gieat continent. It appears poor Ernest Giles is receiving a pittance from ihe \Vt.fst Australian Government for services he renders 111 the Mining Department. He has come to the " sear and yellow leaf" of the span of his life, and of course he is forgotten. Giles helped to open up this country and to treat him thus is a shame and a disgrace. CHIEF JUSTICE WAY, of South Australia has arrived in England, and no doubt by this time kissed the royal hand of Her Majesty in order to receive the distinction of " Right Honorable " It has always been the rule that every one who receives the distinction of " Privy Councillor" must get it personally from the Queen. « )n!y in the case of the late Sir Alfred Stephen was this rule departed from and that, for the reason that the late Chief Justice of Sydney was so much advanced in years, that it was thought a journey home would militate against his health. The reception by the Queen of these so-called knights, and the "dubbing" process, often affords amusement. The '•knight" kneels at Her Majesiy's feet and, drawing a sword, she says: "In the Name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost I create thee a knight"—of whatever the order is. Captain Moreland, who married Madame Carrandini's daughter, and was harbor master, &c.;, of Bombay afforded one of these amubing illustrations. He was a man of enormous bulk, and his belt, the Court manu facturer declared, was of the largest girth he had ever made in his life. Captain Moreland flopped down cn his marrow bones, and the sij^ht was so ridiculous that the Queen laughed. Then, when he had been made a Knight in the name of the Christian Trinity, he could not rise. He looke'd appealingly towards his Sovereign's Aide-de-camps, and they seized him by both arms, and tugged him up on his feet! The effort was too much for the new Knight's silk breeches which burst in an awkward part, and Her Majesty hid her dignity by retiring. When George Reid, Premier of N.S.W., plays at being knighted he had better take care that his pants are all riaht, even if he has to be dragged off his knees; ~ ~ J ON Tuesday morning the following telegram was received by the Mayor of Coolgardie :— -„;, . B:ir<3oc. 13tli April, 1S97. To Mayor of Coolgardie— Twenty Afghans working on tank here, more following: indignation meeting held last night; strong resolutions condemning employment of Asiatics carried unanimously ; have wired to Minister l'nblic Works ; your assistance solicited ; numbers white men unemployed. J. BOURICB. Sec. Progress committee. The Mayor replied as follows :— M Coolgardie. 13th April, 181)7. To Mr J. Rourke. Progress Committee. Bardoe — Replying to your telegram this Council is in cloi-e sympathy with your movement against the wholesale employment of Asiatics : your telegiam has been banded to Mr Hales, who will take immediate action in the matter. A. W. MCDONALD. Mayor. Mr Half-s thanked the Mayor for handing the matter over to him and called an indignation meeting, which was largely attended the same evening. THE Afghans are breaking out in another direction. Hitherto the supporters of the Afghan cause always claimed that they did not compete with the British laborer. Now, it appears that nineteen of them have been put on to woik at Greig's tank works at. Bardoc. Things are coming to a climax, and the sooner they are forced to a head the better for the white community. Let the matter be settled once and for all, before bloodshed results. Let the Government appoint some competent man to report on the subject, and take the matter in hand at once. " I HAD died for this last year, to know You loved me. Who shall turn on fate ? I care not if love come or go Now ; though your love seek mine for mate. It is too laLe. " You loved me, and you loved me not, A little much and overmuch— Will you forget as I forget ? Let all dead things lie dead ; none such Are soft to touch."J 