CYCLING •-HOUND THE \- WOULD. THE SHWAY DAGOHN PAGODA. STRIKING THROUGH BURMA. [By John Foster Phaser, S. Edward Ltfitj.-, aud JFRANK H. Lowe.] Py.unte.za (Burma). , Rangoon seemed largely to consist of pawn shopsjaud pagodas, in the Chinese quarter the town bristled', with pawn-shops. . Whole: streets were - flooded with them.. It looked; as; though the entire pig-tailed population was employed in lending money on each other's clothing.: There would be six houses in : a row " with - the following legends'"Pong-Poo Pawnshop"Yoiig Tong, Pawnshop" Ah-Sin, Pawnshop " Ohang-Chi, Pawnshop;" " Ying-Ping, Pawnshop" Poo-La, . Pawnshop''-—such a barbariciack ;of originality about it all. If only some heathen Chinee, could have intro duced' variety by announcing , that . he " advanced sums to any a.mbuut\to gentlemen on easy terms" one might have recognised a Sign of approaching civilisation. Put the Chinese ever were a conservative race, and so they call a pawnshop a pawnshop. . • But! while the pawnshops were mean and sordid, the-pagodas were glowing towers of golden magnificence. At a tittle distance they look like enormous dinner-bells. The greatest is the Shway Dagolm, which, higher than St. - Paul's; and : resting on the summit of a hill, is a mass, of daszling splendor, .guard ing the land from ghouls aiid - ghiuns, and other fearsome monsters. Wliun we beheld the fantastic wonders of the shrine we were in the same condition of mind as Alice when she stepped through the- looking-glass into Wonderland. We foolishly asked the way to the pagoda. Every interrogated Burman shook his head,. No. one had heard-of it.; And then we learnt that it was just' as useless to talk about pagodas iu the laud of pagodas as it ; would be to ask a'servant girl at home to whistle for a gharri, when we we really required a hansoui. When we talked about the zaydee we got at once on the right track. " ' . At the Shway Dagohn is the most holy of all Buddhist temples in Indo-Chinese lands, there was a, constant show of picturesque pilgrims. Distinguished by their long yellow robes, shaven heads, shaven faces, and general austerity of mien, were the priests, who walked dourly along carrying jars' before them into which tho" iaithful'put rice and other food. Bor the Buddhist who devotes his life to sanctity and contemplation can never become a portly divine and own a carriage and pair. We were just "getting 'used to the rapid 'changes in fanciful color among; the pilgrims —-everyone tricked out in soft pinks and soothing greens,. and creamy fellows and deep maroons and - snowy whites—when 'we came upon two teeth- gnashing demoniacal brutes guarding a steep staircase". They scowled horribly. We drew back before the twenty-foot high snarling creations of the lower regions. When we saw they were only of plaster, and as harmless as stucco dogs on a farmhouse mantel- shelf, our courage returned. 'Then we beheld over the central - archway shuddering frescoes 01 inhuman beings contorted into shapes'hard for an ordinary mind to conceive. We bolted through the arch- and, began , to cli mb the slippery steps. ' There werd rows of blind and bait moaning, for alms.! There were stalls where could bs bought the sacred books'; there were fruit stalls, cheroot stalls, stalls devoted, to the sale of waxen candles and flowers,'and stalls where you could purchase paper-masks, guaranteed to frighten any well nurtured child into the next world. " Without warning, we found ourselves onthe terrace of the Shway HagohD. Kight in front rose the golden, shaft. Around the base clustered dozens of shrines, grotesquely shaped, with pillars5 flower-festooned, and dark recesses where glimmered faint ruby lights, and the- solemn sedate Buddha sat with- .unmoved countenance." Burmaus touched the earth with their forehead, and then squatting, sitting oh their heels, gazed into, the face of the image. The Burmese women knelt, and crossing . their hands, lapsed into mental pas'siveness. : Here and there a wise man, shrivelled, with drawn cheeks, eyes piercingly bright, _ learned in astrologic lore, would be drawing strange designs and foretelling a new-born child's fate, 'while four or five women sat around listening eagerly. Close at hand.were musicians; dron ing wretchedly to the groans of . weird, harsh instruments Ascetic priests flitted noiselessly among the contemplatprs—for the Buddhists do not worship! or pray, butsit before the image of Buddha and contemplate and secure peace of mind—and as a setting to the unworldly picture were thousands of shrines, many dazzlingly gorgeous, flashing with rare stones; many .were justi like' alcoves with a modest moss grown image crumbling at the back; but all startlingly different to anything we westerns could imagine, in wildest fancy. Kampaut dragons with fiery fongueS;'reared as though ready to hiss flame ; strange disprb'portioned abortions of humanity grinned with villainous glee; repellant- foul animals, that were no animals at all, i scowled fury and hate, and standing. prominent were figures with two bodies and the head "half, lion, half man. • In the far past a king's son was'abandoned in a forest,- and he would, have died had not a lioness suckled, him. When ho grew up he ran away, and the brute was so. disconsolate that it died of a broken heart. And it is in. remembrance of the love of this lioness that tho images of lions always surround pagodas. • .M In every hoolc, in every cranny, is a figure of - Gautama. ..An atmosphere of the mar vellous hangs over the Shway Hagohn, accen tuated now: and then by tho heavy: toll- of great, bells.:- One. bell, the largest; in the world,/apart,from that at XIoscow, is struck with a wooden mallet by every passer, so that the . deep solemn peal hardly ever ceases. Huge carvings.of exquisite and dainty chisel ling grace every doorway. Over the lichen covered- walls one see3 the swirling muddy Irrawaddy running away into misty distance, but" close at hand are the curved pretty lake3 around which the English residents go driving and cycling morning and evening. It is a lovely spot, but to all Buddhists most sacred. Buried far beneath, that lofty shrine are actual relics of Gautama—eight hairs! For 2,500-years the pagoda has stood oh this Thehngoottara Hill, at first small, but each king recasing it and enlarging it, and many of them covering it with gold. In the last century King Sinbyoo Shin, who turned the scales at 12 st. 3 lb., had it redecorated with his own weight of gold, so that it cost him just £9,000. If any man of 12 sti 3 lb. weightdoubts the accuracy of the amount all he has to do is to stand: on !a seal e and let 9,000 sovereigns" be balanced against him. ■ " , We did not escape kindnesses from the people of Rangoon. Mr.VB. S. Symes, the Chief Secretary to the Government of Burma, busied himself in securing us facilities to reach the Chinese . frontier,- and one night the Rangoon Club entertained us at a pleasant dinner, when many things are said about our daring and warm wishes expressed for our success. Half a dozen Rangoon wheelmen turned out at 6 o'clock on the morning of our departure, and accompanied us over 50 miles on the way, staying with us all night; Two of them continued on a second day's journey, and . would probably have gone further, but the weather was horrible, the way was bad, and periodical wetting to the sldn-hardly congenial. It was delightfully pleasant though the sky was overcast when we started on our trip through Burma; We were a merry party of nine, and laughter echoed in the thick ivoods that breasted the roadway . many. ;■ miles. Crowds of Burmese peasants were ' : en countered trudging towards Rangoon. Sometimes a whole family crowded into %a slow-moving and creaky bullock cart. The country folks, instead, of being startled out of their wits' by the onrush of whizzing cyclists, I were moved to'convulsive laughter. Once we halted at a village and got the men with barrel-top wooden hats, and the women with' fruit baskets, and the children with their mud pies to pose for a photographic group. They were a little shy at _ first, but when the object had been explained they screwed themselves into_ stiff attitudes, and remained in that: position for : ten , minutes while the ' apparatus was ' prepared ; but there was distinct disappointment that a score of 'photographs were hot ready right away. So on wo rushed again, and when ever anyone displayed symptoms of thirst there were always luscious pines to be got a dozen yards off in the jungle, or huge bunches of bananas. We expressed'delight at not being likely, to have parched mouths in such a: land; ' Thereupon ~ the toddy tree was pointed out to us. 'We conceived visions of \an obliging plant that oozed ■■ hot whisky and water.; As a matter of fact it was just an ordinary-: tree, but on being tapped it gave forth a whisky-flavored and - intoxicating liquid. The natives \ are fond of imbibing; go much so that they frequently/ .tumble down and break their" crown. One district magistrate told us of six deaths in as many weeks in his own neighborhood from this very cause. ' '. ■ • : As one of the party spoke Burmeso we gob along capitally with the natives. They would insist, however,- on ^addressing us. as their lords, which might have been embarrassing in Piccadilly, but was amusing in a Burmese jungle hamlet. As cigars are. not expensive in the land —you get eight for a _ penny —we scattered seeds of kindness in the shape of - cheap cheroots. The greatest compliment you can pay a Burman is to band-him your half-smoked cigar, which he will suck ' at; in a much delighted state of mind. The inconvenience arises* when he -returns the compliment. Few of the Burmans had watcbes, yet they told the time very accurately.- Their cocks crow at sunrise, noon, sunset, and midnight, which was very kind of-' them. ■ On enquiring . the reason-why ; these eastern chanticleers: were different from European cockerels we learnt that whenever the priests got bold of . unlawful literature and burnt it the local cockerels always gobbled the ashes. Thus, they'acquired certain cabalistic - powers, and crowing four time3 a day was oneOf ? them.- And three of the cyclists that day were ,contemf)latingthedirenecessity of the slaughter. of the crowing timepieces in order to pro vide j food when we.pulled up at the wayside bunga- j .low and found, by no means regrettingly, that one of our friends had sent on his servant over-, night with hampers of good, things. And in the evening when we finished our day's spin there was still - another servant with more hampers. In the early afternoon we -slipped from the darkened jungle into, the great open sweep of rice or paddy fields before us. For miles and miles were stretches of slush. Buffaloes wallowed .in . it, . dragging rude contrivances to plough the _ mud. v There ' were no ^hedges or trees, only slightly raised: banks- that did nothing but prevent one man's slush;., front mixing with; hisi, neighbor's. A higher raised bank did duty.' as'; road, and along this we whirled in single, file::'Rite; we were informed, grows .with hardly any labor. . This admirably suits the indolent Burman. At harvest-time only the ears are sickled off, the, straw being burnt to fertilise the land, which, however, is so rich that it needs no fertilising. A Burmese faymer pays': about" 3s. an acre, and as the average, yield is SO: bushels an ;acre, and the selling price of rice in Rangoon is 4s. 6d. a maund (80 lb.), be ought soon acquire riches. But he is a squandering, improvident, happy go-lucky fellow, and.the British rice merchants are sharp men of business, learned in all/mer cantile cuteness. Therefore at the end of the harvest John Burnian is by no means so well off as he should be. Still, he always has a harvest festival, when he gives baskets of rice to the priests and invites the young people of his village to partake his hospitality. And, just as at the harvest-home - in • Eng land, "it. is a time of real happiness and love-making and coquetry. The senti mental swain sings about the sapphire lakes where the' lovely lotus ever blooms, of the beautiful butterflies and the melodious birds, the odour of the jasmine, and the brilliant pea cocks and noble white elephants. Then the wag of the' village will sing a ridiculous travesty of the whole thing-; The girls, after due persuasion, also sing, this time love ballads in a soft, lisping- tone, accompanied by swing ing of the 1 body- and - the jutting out of the elbows. And as the night advances there are creepy ghost stories, and the'young fellows fall to talking of their prowess in hunting, and the young girls talk about . frocks—indeed giving proof that human nature in' far-off Burma is just the same hs in ■ England, the only difference being in detail.; , 1 So, dashing along the narrow bank that lay like a wand across the paddy fields, we began congratulations'on the absence of rain. On that point we should have been silent. At the first. word of congratulation up" swung battalions of black clouds, and when directly over us they opened fire.. In solid sheets the rain struck us; Those who owned mackin toshes put them' on. Those who did not were speedily splattered with reddish mire. Wo were still 12 mile3 from Pegu, "our destination, and the wet had set in solidly for the night.. It was a case of every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost. ; "We slithered and spluttered and splashed our way, arid reached; the dak bungalow at Pegu in odd ones and stray, twos, in a desperately filthy and sodden- condition, but all swearing the ride had been splendid. The actual dis tance covered'! that day was 54 miles.; ; But one of our companions said , this was a mis take. He was positive we had come 119 miles, aiid produced his cyclometbr as corrobo rative testimony.; It was mildly hinted the cyclometer,was wrong.' ! The suggestion was a revelation. "Ah 1" he said, "that explains why it is that for months past I've secretly prided myself on being the scorcher of Burma, whereas"—with a sigh—"I'm just an ordinary rider after all." All night it rained, and in the morning it was raining ; the sky. was full of rain, and the earth was covered with rain, together with a solution of mud. It was the 22nd June, the Queen's Diamond; Jubilee Day, and we thought it distinctly unfair- that Queen's weather . should ; all ' be used: up at hoino whilst we, 'wandering; Britishers, had to put lip with showers. And as-we sauntered about and kicked- our heels; and whistled and waited for the weather to clear up, the idea struck lis that maybe in England they were also having desperate dreuchings. The mere thought seemed to ease our trouble. Most of our friends gave the journey up as a bad job and went back to Rangoon. Within _an hour of their departure there was a cessation of overhead hostilities. We got hold of a gaudily clad Burinan to lead us across swamps to see the famous reclining figure of Gau tama. On his advice we took a coolie with us to carry us across the wor3fc parts, or we would have stuck thigh-deep in. the mud. It was a nasty •uncomfortable journey, but the image was worth seeing. It is made of brick, half as large' again as the Sphninx, . the face, arms, and feet well modelled. It is a singular monument, about which, were it within reach, tourists would go mad and have their photo graphs taken in picnic groups. in the open palm. As it is, it. lies across a ditch almost hidden by enormous trees, visited rarely even by the Buddhists - themselves,. One would think it an admirable place for, 'contemplation. •We called on a couple of yellow-robed priests living in a little temple close by, and disturbed their wonted serenity by giving them Egyptian cigarettes and receiving presents of fruit from them in return. ■ • ' When we got back to Pegu we decided on a start. Our way was through greasy lanes that laughed defiance at our non-slipping Dunlop tires. . We charged through pools of water and were soon again splattered from head to foot. Dozens of fanciful temples, with quaint-eaved spires showing over the plantations, indicated our .approach to villages, which-were every three or four miles. Often we dashed to the nearest hut for refuge" from threatening downpours. Everybody was kind,' especi ally the Chinamen, who; are almost as thick as the Burmese. There was no attempt at _ imposition such • as we had experienced in other countries. If we gave too much' for something change was handed to lis. We met vone; Chinaman who spoke English. . - . ; "Come with us. John." we "said." "we are going to your bouutry, to Shanghai." "No fear,' sir," he replied, "too muchey darney rain." ■ Therefore we had to go on alone. ■ It was a day of' plodding but slow progressing, frequently'along thin strips of trodden track, so that the rank jungle grass scraped our faces,as we rode. That night we slept in a hut made entirely of bamboos.' The wind howled and the rain slashed as we ate with our fingera a bowl of rice cooked by a native. We had come back again to uncivilisation after several weeks of feting and lionising. It was'adismal Queen's Jubilee day, and till we Jay down on the floor and sought sleep we passed the time picturing what Eleet-street and the Strand and Regent-street were like just then, and won dered if any of our.friends were also wondering wbat'sort of a day we had spen|. . 