QIM AMD BlJfGER. (By 'XANl'flOEEtEA *1. B0NO.'J . The recent cricket match has materially helped to swell the tramway revenue ; in fact, at times the service seeuietl almost inadequate to tbe' demands made upon it, By t ne-way, it is said that that old city o£ brotherly love, Philadelphia, is tbe centre of the largest tramway interest in the United States. Of tho £j, 7 72,0 JO o£ caDital stock ef the Metroo litaa Traction Co. of New York, Pliiia lelpliii owns i'4, 400,000. Trains are necessary ia Phila delphia, the dear old prosy, sleepy, charit able city, wheie the rain it raineth every day. ' livery Philadelphian,' says tbe author of ' Cftaare Culuiuu,' 'is born wi Ii an umbrella in his baud, and b-* great e t anxiety in after life ia tbat he sbali nut lose it I' B-ing goes another tradition ! Those literary icunoclasts won't leave eve, the fairy tales of our cbilduoed alona Otn ier ella's glass slipper was given bar, not. vy the original teller or. the £reucb tale, bat by tbe Knglish translator, wuo miatooit slippers for vair, or l'ur, for slippers uf verre, -or glass. Just imagine that, now. This is probably why none of our theatrical managers are giving tu 'any Citideietia pantomimes thie seauun. By aad-bye, 'Jack tbe Giant Kilier and ' The Baoe-i in the Wood ' will go, and thim ? ?! u'ill our iibrettjBts have to fail back On Fi.-ber'e Ghost, or will they soe* tu euioaliu in sung and story the history of tne ' Man who struck B 'ckley i' Here ie an opening for our budding litterateurs. . ? i . Goorge Reid, M P. — yon know who I mean — told the High tScb.jui youngsters t'other day that wuea eigut ye are of age he made up bis mind te be a barrister auJ to gel into Parliaiueut ; 'and,' he said, with swelling pride, ' I did so.' The mind recoils from Georgia, a guid little cuiel, ma king up uis intantne uimd tiijoui wuat be would Jo. It was prob oiy a,Bu ttbuui tbat ti ue tnat he determined te ^ut. juiiy and fat,' and to run a * Uud-lea in^ Min istry.' They are just tiie sort of ideas a nice little boy would get,- into his. dear little brain-pan whsn. -sauctimitiuuiaiy smir.ing iu dunday- cUooi. Uui what principally interests us is when he ma le up bis mind to come, te oiijtra:ia Tiiat knowledge would be of some one because then the common hangmau could be sent to basn with a brick tue beaii of every foreign Freetrader when he arrived at the dangerous age, and bo prevent liiui oxuiiu; here. We could thue aroiu lur-.aer oaUmities. ... This is the season when ' Heme for the Holidays ' is tbe cry, and when boys anu girls are meet important incidents in tbe proceedings. The' ooilege uii& ' is trotted out and paraded, and schools get a ' big adve.tisemeut out of tbm youtig uiain aud bis wauy uiedals and prices. *-ttaa^e it is that very little is ever heard of these precocious pemens afterwards,' Tbey seuui to shoot their bjlt when cuasing prices etc, aad tbe school dullard and ne er-do-w'eil is the man that scoops' t lie pool when the curtain rises on life's great uiuina and tue real business begins. Our gallant swash-bnc lers are mnch pertuibed ia spirit, because after all the promises made there' netting souie possi bility of the Easterencampiuout oeisg only a partial one after aii, Tney say there, are not going to take int* cauip those, arms of which the runs aud nle ride 'gee gees.' . Censequently those gallant johnnies are much aggrieved, for after carefully, preserving the ' eld coclt's tail t* make a cockade »od lurb'uhiug op .all. accoutrements, there Beeim suou aangOr of their liot being -able te dis port tbem -after aiL The Lancers, Mounted Hiflea, Australian Horo«,etc., are np in arms, and unless ttiey are Allowed to ge into cauip, tbey may inarch oi to Par liament House and play up general L, We may hnd barricades, an the etrsets, tbe harbor running witb btuod, and ttie «ua obscured by powder smoka For tue sake of peace, the -Uimster of Dufeuce ^heuld accede to tbeir demands at ^nue. ? - * ' . , ; Inverell is the centra «f a biff sheep district, bence tbe toll# wing 'y»ra' from tho '-lnverell Times '- is auras improbable asaf toldofsemeirnere else. Tiies toryis pfobably 'a lie, anyhew, but it is goed unough tp repeat ' It warf at a Sunday scueoi ojt ihe Big fiiyer/' ia^s ths loeti : 'Tithesj 'Vnd the olasB vii ^iiDi; . com posea .of bbiidreo whose ,'par«jnts who kept; stock., 'lbe le»cher . iiad iteen telling . tbem tb« «tory .of ' tne Uood Shepherd, which, el cptir 'e, aj3 pea|ed yiery , strongly te^ 4heiis 'youngsters, f' ^ow, children,' a^id the teacher, yrtiat ? de ^ou tbink the Good libephent did whs-n :he foond the .ioM - sheep ' I anuw, : 4aid a little' bard-fa(Md «:baj)i' 'ilo iaKed ^tbje;ti'^bmin: :riin 'them in ^itb'liio own hoci.' 1 ?U.'bat boy knjWa iometuing. . , -? e *?- - . : ?? . . . Of the big list of cages' vet dowo at the beginning pt tenni tbr bewutg in £|uity .?sly: three have gone ovsr iti XJeitl terijii. And none . til them, ? for, one **n?n' and another, could haft taken. Air. J usticte Manning tpok eccasion lo pat him self en the bitefc evsr tt)is on Thursday, and anDetiDCsd it 'axeciord.' Mr Qrogory 'Walker said it was sutiafactory to every bedy ' except the nrofee jion.' Poor pro- ] lession ihe Equity Bar is such a badly paid one too, that now they are out of ! work this scribe feels keenly for them. J PreBSmen are always lolling in tbe lap of ? sumptuous extravagance and luxury, and I so can afford to commiserate with their less fortunate brethren. However, look ahead and hope. As his Honor said, 1 wish the Bar, 'regarding business, a happy and prosperous New Year.' 