COURSING. MOONEE VALLEY PLUMPTON. city wore its vn MTrviv in 'the Moonee V alley Plumpton meeting was brought to a close yesterday), when line WLitliir Angaston line rich, and good trials were vvitiiiiHLi tim Helmut in the time limit of the A filly Cull D Berlin Mr and Mniidinki 1 in li no IiiidLd, unit thought Alineliiil ellen raised) at the same ultimate tin etc a Llloit probably put him out of tin Inst His ilenehiiL. coin I was, the Just as after the. handsome lines, and time and some fairly lively) bLttuiL, un it March all being the fee, omite at 5 to 4 on Hi ) were slipped to a good line, and 11 mine it got the better of a line em up in a couple of lengths, and turned mill) M added I then got m for three or fine point , but the, item would not be denied and again taking possession sin work in her Inn well, smashed up with a brilliant 1 di, mill seemed tliQveieliit 1 an hour It is i (but since bitch, by the Unit Cb idle for linton from High 1 bought is a puppy she won a seven event Maribyrnong in grand style and last season was a line up in a Ki dog stake at Adelaide She his face, and is also very clever Mr l)i\ou his nominator trials her Die veteran trainer, Walter Melrose incensed Alamil ike noel back the idea, got Borne direct the v ii son of Mr. A H! Panton who is one of our best supporters of coursing, would have been a popular one. At the name turn to win of 11 mind IT was well received A couple of uri short supplies in Kate industry and I ol Ispm brother and sister divided the Laverton Stakes Mr Kelly s nomination 1 insist on, a promising puppy mother of Air Kills s was successful in He Uni breed She! is bad The Dane who with me for him was put out a the final of the Stock but! Miles by landsmen Bridesmaid was muir of the 1 quoted at SI his snug inn will in Sew South Wales and is himself better than He five incum- of puppies The judging of Mr W A Woods i,-" e in civ stiff action, not a single division being called into question The following are the results of the coursing" - % At 11 A rug I over all agree stipend oned with 2sovs a Pte 1 Millner 116 m s native r an I see two of 1st It was in li four dogs G wv s each eight dogs Elzie rich Hill time I -1 Fraulein II boat lied Corner Sinn Frank I am Hare and Mrs. Bert Iii r Collie -I Dix n m w 1 of I I could II (The Indian) Iv T ni.u-llll.li man It I at A H lemon s r el Man Iraki li larkspurs) - Ilonevstiirtli and won 11 i stake I AMERICA STAKES For 12" puppies at 2 miles each VV inn i 30 now Minnie up 10 war time dogs Gi- in each four el gs She is vail. river I home I - Itiwi U 14 it TI of M Bukharin hate their I aside I ent Daniel Dunn) beat for Outcast, (lot in his boat M ickrevei 1 inch to nine li Hardcastle beat remands Of 1 like a boat Im ii) hill Mrs D M rlllicuddv silk w b Kale Until she is olliniltl-Ile Watch (Oct 18th) and W I Ri ley s I 1 w d ( e league by (.oleimiilth -hill H Hell (Hit IMjV divided He skull He was HltOOK ST VMS For Mr H Best at 1 Sovs each M Inner "5 sovs., runner 11 10 boys two dogs 3 Sovs each Third The end sHrill Dhu beat The Ghost, Innlstvincn beat Soloist. Deciding Course - six Kelly a 1 le iv 1 pi mill team by Royal Dine leGit) beat O heiLhirv"» bk w d Darling Dhu state Blackthorn), by leaders -Lenora und was the like KOthllWK STAKES for 4 all ages at 3 lots each Winner 8 sovs ; music up J nom list Mountain pressure but Darebin Queen, Her Dane left the Dublin: CMurx - W M Innes and home-spun Iv llcilklel-llennle bent R I Kills bd w d 1 is Dane, I) Ho) al Dane-Cleopatra, and won the stake FOOTSCRAY ST AUK) for 4 pupils at 3 som inch Winner, 8 was , runner up 4 Sovs First flour 1 - UrldcmiiiUd bent things I Inbiri beat Hitler Ali 1) child L La first -li "riggs of v; 1. llrldoainald, by I/oytllnt-llcuuit (DU . THE. 'estate '"of K. iWmrili s vi t b Play girl, by lliinlnut-l'lay matt (late , later), and won in stakes. 