A .. Perilous Position, f sSt. . " 1 POBIIMbed BY sreciad Abbasqeheni.J ' '' By MARY ALBERT, Author of "Tho Luckiest Man in tho World," "Tho Bride of a Day," "Brooko Fiuchley's Daughter," " A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," "The Shelling of the Peas," &u.;, &u.; Copyright. J CHAPTER XT.— ( Continued.) MATTEKS wero in this, state when all AVrexloy and the adjoining couutry-sido was thrown into a ferment of excitement which oven ex ceeded that which had prevailed when tho attempt had hcon made to carry olf Easil Long, and which plunged Margaret Thorpeloigh into an agony of grief Avliich she had not yet experienced. 'Ho will go ou from one reckless deed to another till at length he will he convicted and condemned to penal ser vitude,' she thought, with hopeless despair. But wo are somcAvhat anticipating. 'The final tour tie force of which she believed Godfrey Byng to be guilty did not take place till nu incident hail occurred of which she no\er lost the remembrance. A cloudy autumn day had been suc ceeded by a still gloomier evening, but Margaret did not forego licr usual short, solitary rvnlk. To-night sho took her way through the wood, on the skirts of which the licadkcepor at Oak Park' had encountered tho dreaded .Tim Ilills only a day or two ago. Deliberately this girl (she Avas but thrce-and-tAvcnty) sought to meet the reputed terror of the neighbourhood. ' Lot me hut meet liim and 1 will end this,' she said, pitifully, to horsclf, as she wont through the darkening copse. ' lie will go if I insist ou it and if I give him tlio means, and thou, then, I must forget- him, and ho must forget me.' Even yet sho did not realise that she loved him so ayoII that for her there could be no forgott'ulness. She met no one but a village child, belated and hungry, as she passed under the darken ing trees. Margaret stood still, easting anxious glances hither and thither. ' He will not come,' avhs her thought. ' And yet, Avhy docs ho linger, if it is not to find me alone at somo unguarded moment ? AVhy did he venture at all into this place, where some might recog nise liira ?' 'Then she stood still, and a strange fueling of longing, mingled with torror, stole over hor as sho distinguished a muD seated on tho gnarled roots of a tree. ' Is it he f ' avhs the swift question which rushed to her hrain. Sho went quickly towards the figure, who noither moved nor looked up. A basket lay at his feet, and thero yvas weariness and misfortune in his uir. Opposite to him tho heiress stopped, but now her overpowering amotion silenced her, for slio perceived that hero indeed was the man she sought, Godfrey Byng. For tho spneo of half a minute thoy remained thus, slio trying to articulate, and ho with a volcano raging in his breast; then she mastered herself nnd said, panting out the word : ' Godfrey !' ' "What !' cried lie, leaping to his feet, ' ' you tiro not afraid of mo, and you luivo recognised me too.' Slio put up her hnud ; he seized it passionately. ' Was it generous of you?' she gasped, ' to torture me, to troublo your friend, Mr. Olford, with threats of suicide, only to cover your designs on littlo Basil Long? Know, then, tlint I despise such conduct ; tlint I condemn myself for not denouncing you.' ' By Heaven, Margaret, T never thought, Avhcn I sont you my faroAvell through llcgiuuld Olford, that T should see another sunrise. But I Avas knocked down by a Aan, rendered senseless, and taken to a hospital, Avben I avhs on my Avay to do tho fatal deed, Of course, I hud romoved oacrythiug which could lead to a recognition of my identity ; and in tho hospital I was nursed hack to life, Avhen thoughts of yoit recurred Avith force enough to alter my resolve. I was offered a temporary employment at a shop, a stationer's, and thero saw old LiiAvford's advertisement for an uuder- kecpor. It was uear you ; I should sometimes catch n glimpse of you as you drove or rode ; I Avroto my owu testi monials, and meant to do my Avork honestly. And so I did, earning ovory penny of my Avnges, till I avhs accused of being a child stealer. Did you, too, boliovo T avhs guilty of this ? ' _ ' T did,' she answered, trembling violently, ' hut Avhcn I hoar your voico, when I listen to your strong denial, my heurt is lightened of nu ox'crpoAvoriug loud. Oh, Godfrey, if you aro indeed blameless in this thing it seeing to mo that I can go on living, and usk you to — to lot the noxt tivo or three years givo mo such proofs of your old life licing throAvn behind you— that— tliut avo need not he parted, you and I for ever.' For answer lie drew Iter towards him, : and kissed hor cheek. 'I Avill throAV tho old life utterly t behind mo, for your sako,' ho said, fervently. ' But all the Riimo, tho opportunity for happinoss Avith you is , sonc. What right should I haA'o to link your nnmo to rnino — to inino; that of -a suspected murderer, roputed lEuioido, u known gambler, and a man cnb/o (le dcttea ! You, yoursolf, might refuse to boliovo in my love if I did so, and grow to think tlint ovory word of affliction I uttered wus prompted by a love for your gold. And then, por- chnuco, I should really do that Avhioli I AVtis once mad onough to have con templated — tnko my own lifo !' ' Godfrey !' slio rejoined, clinging to him, ' you aro breaking my heart ovor agnini Seo!' tremblingly producing a cheque, ' I. have mndo this out for a thousand pounds. With this you can travel for a couplo. of years, come back ; to me at tho end of that'time, and your debts shall be paid, nor will . wo over think of the past. What is gold ; be tween those who love' one anbthor ?' : I have enough, even if it is deendod thpt ray sister Susan had heirs, nnd that 'Thorpeloigh Court must bo sold.' 'My cavif- dour lo\o!' breatbed he, icissing her foudly. ' ILia'c I not shoAvn you, lioAVOA'cr, that that can rawer ho ? Wlmt ! Shall 1 repay your affection by gi\'ing you a tarnished name — a load of debt? At any rate, I am not Avorthloss enough for that, Margaret. And, dearest, I must refuse your offered gift.' Ho kissed the fingers Avhich stili held tho elicit no. ' AAvnko at last to my oavh miserable folly, I shall expect the rest of my existence to bo pusscd in Avork, and in expiation of that folly. .1 lingered here, solely to exchange Avith you a last fareAvcll, feeling certain that you had recognised me, and hoaa, I shall aa'ork my passage out iu some Australian-bound ship. Thcnco I shall write to my old uncle, nnd Avhutever ho loaves mo I shall devote to tlio settle ment of iny debts, Avorking hard nil the rest of my days to earn a Ioav sheep and gain something in tho avooI trade. ' Of course, it may nil come to nothing, these plans of mine, hut if ' effort niul iron resolution can succeed, then Avill I. Margaret, you are nu angol of goodness and forgiA'cncss, lint I euiiuot trade on your goodness.' 'Then sho filing herself ou his breast, weeping, vainlv entreating him to rc- lont. ' Without money, Iioav Avill you even make a stnrt,' slio'said. ' I shall litia-e money to start Avith — just n little,' ho answered. ' 1 lmvo thought that out. Farewell, dearest ! .1 take Avith mo the consola tion of your words.' ' Godfrey, promise to Avrito to mo ; promise to lot mo knoAV Avlicrc a letter Avill find you,' sho said. ' You shall know ; after I have landed in Australia. And now, indeed, farewell, farewell ! ' Ho hold her for a moment in Iris arms, nnd sho sobbed as if her heart Avould break; then, Avith a last caress, ho plunged into tho undergrowth surround ing thorn, for steps Avore audibly approaching. _ As for Margaret, sho Avcut homo by a sido path, and remained in hor own apartments nil that oaening on n plea of 0Acr futiguo, hut thero ivas more lifo in licr eyes and in hor step than had been for many a day. Sho said to herself that she might uoav look forward. CHATTER XII. This Ituixs. It was the very next day after this strange encounter that tlio iuoidout occurred before alluded to, Avhich roused to the keenest pitch tho terrors of the inhabitants of the hitherto peace ful neighbourhood. The beautiful proporty named the lluins Avas situated about four miles from Thorpeloigh Court, und now bolongcd to lho fntlior of Reginald Olford, tho latter being tho young man to whom Godfrey Byng had announced his intention of committing suicide. 'There was not a residence for miles round kept in more perfect order than tho Ituins — tho ruin's proper, how- over, being . about a milo distant from tho dwelling, and stretching o\'cr an anglu of tho park, Avithiu which they Ai'oro enclosed, 'The broken, gray, and mullioned AvindoAA's, tho shattered arches and ruined gatcAvays spoko us to the former, grandeur uiul antiquity of tlio place; nor avus Mr. Olford, senior, ii littlo proud to possess in his demesne sncli striking remains of the ancient for tunes of an old family. When tho moon shone ovor tho gray Avails and ' ivy-mantled toAvors,' the Ituins Avoro very imposing nnd corio. It is needless to say that they owned their own ghost, and if oa'er ghost had a right to make) people uucoinfortnblo, the spirit haunting this place might he par doned for so doing. In point of fuot lie had been treated unfairly, and wns con tinually demanding ropurntion, Avliich, as years pnsscd oil, alas, ho still tailed to obtain, In rovongo lie haunted the place, as tho country folk believed, and none among thorn Avould pass near the decaying building at nightfall. The present oavhov had purchased tho place before he Icuoav tho story con nected Avith it, and it certainly made him very uncomfortable whon it Avas related to him. But tho dead was dono, the purchase completed, and ho lmd tukou possession of tho property somo six months whon he hoard tho tale, Avhich Avas on this Aviso : A certain Sir Godfrey Byng (quite ii l-ccent ancestor of the Godfrey Byng aa'Iio figures in this narrativo) had died ehildloss, bequeathing all tho fundB bolonging to him at tho timo of his death to ' his cousin nud kinsman, Godfrey Byng.' 'Tho poor gontlomnn lmd mot Avitli n serious accident in tliu hunting field, and had not much timo in which to dispose of his 'possessions, so that n solicitor from tho town near at baud, instead of the family legal adviser, Avas hastily summoned - to tlio- dying man, and tho latter dictated to liira — notwithstanding the pain ho Avas in — tho manner in Avlricli his wealth . was to ho disposed of. At that timo tho Godfroy Byng of tho present narrative avub hut ten yoars of ago, and know nothing of what had happened to affeot Iris .future: ' But his relatives l-ojoiced in tho boy's prospeets, for old Sir. Godfroy had diod a'ory rioli.; and no less a 'sum than' eighty , thousand pounds in hard cash Avould tall by-and- hy to young Godfrey's share. ' It was to accumulate till ho was of age. But in tho midst oi those groat ox- poctatious— -that is to say whon tho heir was " n'oarly 'fourteon:v and .j.nt. Eton,- another Godfroy Byng. rose jup, , and claimed the woaltli which undoubtedly hud boon-intended for'tho' hoy jthen at school. . 'This other Godfroy had dppeared'from New -York-(whoroi:ho had' Settled. some years proAiousl yj,- aud he had ;no diffi- culty in proving that ho, too, avos ' u kins man -and.- cousin! of ..old ..Sir ...Godfrey, Tho latter, he -declared',' had nioant hinr. to ho tlio recipient of tho eighty, thousand pounds', with tho tieoumulatod interest, and in. terrible consternatiou the rbla- tiA-cs of tho Eton hoy porccivcd that tho newcomer Avould prohnhly establish his claim. For, as Ave huve seon, our Godfrey had anothor baptismal name, ' Godfroy Eontild,' niul this second name had not bcon- inserted in the too hurriedly Avrittcn will. It wis the deceased Sir- Godfrey who had remem bered in his dying momonts that thoro might ho . trouble coneorniug tho omis sion; Avhich ho enrnestly 'desired to rectify;' The solicitor htul gono home ; it was two o'clock iu tlio' morning; Sir Godfrey's strength was obbiug fast. With'" his tailing breath the dying roan appealed to tlioso about him to write a statement to tho effect that by the Godfroy Byng mentioned in his will lie intended to designate- his young cousin, Godfroy Ronald Byng, but that the haste with Avliich tho bequest liqd been made, together Avith tlio physical pain ho avhs enduring, had occasioned the omission of the sccoud baptismal name Ronald. Tho medical man present instantly drew up tho statement, and hardly had Sir Godfrey appended lrissignnture'whcu ho became unconscious, und soon after- Avnrds expired, in tlio beautiful old mansion Avliich lie owned, and to Avlricli ho had been carried. Relatives Avho luiil been telegraphed for arrived soon afterwards, us did also the solicitor aa'Iio liud UrnAvn up the Avill, his opinion lioing unhesitatingly gtA'en tlint tho explanatory letter, duly attested, Avould obviate" all dimgor of tho American cousin succeeding iu establish ing any claim. This precious attestation ns to tho testator's intentions wns then placed in a small tin box, and avos con fided, in tho presence of those assomhled, to the hands of tho solicitor. It Avas late. Avhon the latter left tho house ; a cold moon Avas shining nud n brisk Aviud bloAviug. His way lay through the park, tho path running elosc by the ruins, avIioso crumbling archways nnd dim gateways Avoro such a picturesque appearance that tho ItiAvj- cr paused, leauing over a wall, mid gazed nt tbo black shadows contrasted Avith tho Avliite moonlight. The solitude avhs complete, tho beauty of tlie ruins enchanting. In tho still, fresh, enrly morning a clock struck three. "NVlmt followed- exactly tho laivyer could not deseriho, for ho Avas suddenly struck from behind, aud foil, rolling down tho slope, and losing consciousness from the force of the blow. "Whon he recovered tho moonlight Avas still playing ou the anciont gate ways and arches,' but tho shadows Avero not quite thrown across tlio same angles, for nearly an hour had elapsed since he had fainted. lie raised himself with difficulty, and then felt for his Avntcli. It Avas gone, as avcII as tho money lie lmd had with him ; also his diamond ring, mid alas, the small ease continuing the dead Sir Godfrey's explanation of his Inst Avishes. to be continued. 