NOTES AMD NOTIONS. [By ' Tartarin.'] I That such a gentleman as Mr. Henry George ever existed is called rudely to mind by an announcement in the Sydney papers : ' Tho annual conforence of tho Single Tax League of New South Wales was held on Monday at tho League rooms, 112 King-street, Mr, C. T. Renshaw presiding.' There was a noticeable absence of Mr. Frank Cotton about the proceedings. HasjMr. Cotton given up the Single Tax 7 Mr. J . A. Ryan, or Dubbo, was elected 'one of the vice-presidents of the league. A tale has been going the rounds that the ghost of .Queen Elizabeth has eommenced to haunt Windsor Castle. The ' ghost' is generally discredited, but one English paper reminds its readers that there is a very well authen ticated ghost stery connected with Windsor CaBtle. Both Lord Clarendon and Aubrey tell the story, which is cer tainly a very curious one, and assuredly was believed at the time. Briefly it is as follows : Previous to the murder by Felton, at Portsmouth, of the gay, gal lant, and handsome George Yilliers, Duke of Buckingham, who cut so bril liant a figure at the Court of Anne of Austria in France, an apparition of the Duke's father, Sir George Villiers, ap peared to an old servant of his, ?' Sir George's,' by nameParker» while Parker wesin bed at Windsor uastie, ana toia him to go to the Duke and warn bim that if he did not alter his way of act ing, if he continued to make himself so hated by the people whom he oppressed he would assuredly be murdered. Parker did as he was directed, and be and the Duke talked for a long time to gether very earnestly. Nobody heard what they said, but the Duke was evi dently very ag'tated, and in the after noon of that day went to see his mother, and had with her a very stormy inter view, leaving the old lady in a very agitated and almost prostrate condition. He did not heed the warning, however, and, as is well known, fell by the knife of Felton. A few weeks agd I exposed in these columns the ' Spanish Prisoner Fraud,' by which it will be remembered a vain eSoit was made to swindle Mr. Stepheus of this city. It is interesting to learn from an exchange that the fraud is being worked'again in Europe. The ' Spanish swindle ' is now being acted from Barcelona, and gathering in no little plunder from credulous people who do n't mind making a bit ' on the cross.' The intended victim, usually a person of some standing, receives a letter from a prisoner in gaol at Barcelona, Tarragona, or Valencia. The writer is in possession of a large sum of money to which he lias no right, and which he has buried — or secreted in some way or other. He al30 has a little .daughter, whom the good chaplain of tho gaol will bring will bring to England if the kind victim will act as ber guardian and shaTO her fortune. Only a small sum is necessary for legal expenses. If the victim bites a further sum is asked for, and then a third for iravelling expenses of the Chaplain and tho daughter, and then no more is heard of the prisoner. For — as the British Consul at Barcelona writes — there is no prisoner, no chaplain, and no daughter, and the only hidden treasuro is that forwarded by the victim. And that is hidden effectually. 