CHAPTER XXIII. T met Moll Duggan just locking her door, dressed in her long Irish cloak, which, summer or winter, is the out-of door attire of the Irishwoman when she can afford it. When she cannot, she contents herself with a shawl drawn over her head. The old woman started when she saw me. ' Glory be to God, who is it? she ex claimed, and crossed herself hurriedly. * Why, don't you know me, Molly ?' I said. 4 Ah, miss, so 'tis you it is. What's come to yc. at all ? I thought ye was a ghost, stealin' along, shure 'tis not the way ye're dressed on other days ?' 4 No,' I said. 4 But I was once a nurse, Molly, and this was the dress I had to wear, and I've put it on to-night because I want you to take me to Mickey Donovan's farm. They're to "wake" poor Eily to-night, and I'm going. I'm sure you are bound for it, too.' 41 am, miss. Wasn't she like a child av me own, poor Kily. May the heavens he her bed this blessed night, au' shure they will, for 'tis she was the innocent good creature, an' the good child to her parents.' 4 I'm sure of that,' I said. 4 Every one has a good word for her. It is sad to die so young, Molly.' We were walking ou together. She seemed less sour and reticent than her wont. 4 Sad,' she said, as if echoing my words. 4 Ah thin, miss, there's sadder things than dyiu' young. Maybe she's tuk from worse to come.' As if that thought brought dark re flections in its train, she lapsed into gloom and silence. Wc crossed a field path and skirted a small wood, tlicu a patch of rough and rocky ground, from whence we caught sight of the farm in the distance. The white buildings and walls shone in the moonlight. Eichls of grain aud potatoes lay in grocn patches around, the cows were in their sheds, the useful and inevitable donkeys browsed in leisurely peace on a wide stretch oi' grass land, a farm horse or two kept them company. Evidently Micky Donovan was u well-to-do fanner. 4 Tiie land looks well,' I remarked to my companion as wc ncured the farm house itself. 4 Tis well enough,' she said, curtly, for the Irish are too wise to praise any thing for which rent has to be paid. 4 But Micky's a poor man. He finds it hard enough to live au' keen his fsuriir respectable from one rent day to another.' ' But his landlord must live also, and keep his family respectable,'. I said. ' Do you never think of that ?' 'Ah, sure, 'tis easy enough for the likes o' thiin to live, an' the best ar everything at their service,' said Molly. 'They never denies themselves any thing. 'Tis no toiliu' an' moilin' in the cold of winter or the heat of summer as they knows about.' 'They have hardships and struggles of their own,' I said, ' that you never hear of, and perhaps would not under stand. Dou't faucy they're happy and content any more tbau the farmers you pity. Trouble is no respecter of per sons, Molly. Queen and beggar, the lord and the peasant, the Pope and the priest, they all have their share. .Never envy the rich. They are often more unhappy and have a harder life than the poor man, with his cabin and potato plot, anil his bare-footed children playing around the open doorway.' Ah, miss, talks all very fine, but if you'd sccu what I've seen—'tisn't so long since the tenants were evicted on the big estate here. An' I saw with my own eyes the poor man that was stabbed by the constable with his luaded bayonet an' never a bit ov him iu the wide wurrld kuowu ov him. An' the meetings an' rows au' riots. Ah 1 'twas a terrible time intircly, miss—that it was.' I hadn't time to argue with her that if the Ponsouby tenants had not been foolish enough to adopt the plau of cam paign, and insist ou equal distribution of rents, there need have been no ' terrible time,' uo bloodshed or evic tions. We . were at the farmhouse entrance now, and walked unceremoni ously into the kitchen, crowded already with friends and neighbours, sitting or standing about. Tne kitchen was wide and low-roofed. It opened into another room iu which was a bed draped all in white. I followed Moll Duggan into it. The dead girl was laid out there. She was fully dressed. Her hair lay spread around the pillows. Hcrhauds were crossed upon her breast, and about them was twined a brown rosary. At the foot of the bed, ou an oaken chest, stood seven lighted candles, and the flowers that Polly had brought from Knoekminoss were scattered about the bed, or placed in bowls of water." The girl's mother sat by the head of the corpse, and on chairs and benches all down one side of .the room were women, young and old, friends or relatives of the family. They wero talking loud and eagerly. ■ Our entrance made no difference. They simply looked at us, aud the tongues wagged freely as ever. Moll Duggan went down on her knees and crossed herself, and said the prayers for the dead. There was something touching and pathetic in the action, .1 thought. And yet all around and about the voices chatted and buzzed. 1 heard laughter and jest from the kitchen bej'ond, and the quiet waxen face of the dead girl lay ou the snowy pillows as if rebuking the carelessness of the. living. Truly strange ways, and a strange people! And yet tliey meant kindly. It would not have been considered neigh bourly to leave their friends alone • in their grief. They would sit up every night, until the funeral, enjoying them selves in this dismal fashion. One more among the many peculiarities of my country is that the people cannot even keep their grief to themselves, but call on their friends to witness it. • Two women near me were talking in subdued tones. ' Ab, the pity of it—and such a lovely gurl, an' wasn't Katey Corrigan makin' the match for her wid young Harney Maguire, an' be willin' enough, an' as fine a lad as ye'd wish to see. 'Twill break his heart intirely, that it will, or siud him off to Ameriky, maybe.' ' 'Tis the will o' G'od, Mary,* said the other woman (who by the way had daughters of her own).. 1 An' maybe Harney'U do as well for himself as iver Katey Corrigan could do for him. She's a fine hand at match-inakin', sure enough, hut it's none so well they've turned out, as I've good cause to know. Wasn't liiddy Jteilly telliii* me wid her own two very lips that she cursed the day wliiu she took Pat Hencssy for her husbaud, the hard ilriuker he is, an' a sore trial to any daoint woman. An' I'm none so sure, letwane ourselves. Maty Hogan, that there wasn't the bit as money passed betwanc Pat an' herself to make things aisy, an' poor Biddy, she thinkiu' t'was herself he cared for, an' not what 9he'd got to bring him—the tidy bit av bizness it was too!'. 1 half-smiled to myself. How history repeats itself. After all, was there so much difference between the poor Irish " matchmaker, and the great ladies of society who took their commissions in a Yaricty of ways for the introduction of parrenus to court, and who ' arrange' marriages for them with eligible suitors? I begin to think that in all grades of-, life, and among all conditions of men, ' self interest' is the one great motive of their actions. Presently, as the voices grew sub. dued, a curious sound broke across the . room. At first I thought it was the , voice of the ' Keener,' though I had heard that with the abolition of whisky, at these ceremonies, that historical per sonage had gradually disappeared. The sound increased and swelled into a wail, a melancholy, long-drawn minor chord. I rose and looked through the doorway near me, and saw a blind woman sitting in a corner playing a fiddle. She wore a rusty black-skirt and jacket, and a shabby, tattered; old sailor hat. She looked miserably- poor and wretched, and her playing was of the most primitive description. - I don't know what sort of air it was. It' had a good deal to do with one note—a wailing, mournful, long-drawn out note —and some of the audience began to-v rock themselves to and fro, aud give , vent to correspondingly dismal sounds. • l£y ears suffered considerably during the' < performance, but the company appeared , to appreciate it immeustfly. • 'Shure, 'an it's good of Joaney, the . poor woman, to come an' cheer us up a bit,'said Mary Kogan to her friend. ' Indade, thin, she's none so badly off as she puctinds,'said the other, "The ., visitors is very kind to her. Littlo Bridget there, who takes her about, she - tould me that she tuk as much as fifteen shillings last week on the Strand alone.: Hot a ward of a lie about it. An' she's put a tidy bit in. the savings bank agin - winter comes. Ah, woman, Joaney Sullivan's no fool. You may take your - oath av that.' .Meanwhile, Joaney Sullivan played 021 and on—dirges and jigs alternately ' —and snuff was handed round on * plate, and tea 4 supped' out of mugs or cups, or indeed anything that came handy. One or two men had brought whisky in flat bottles, which they took out of their pockets and drained, sur reptitiously, so as not to offend- their. host, who would have been banned by the parish priest for producing tho-.. national beverage on such an occasion -*Jt did not seem to me that thik festivity was likely to prove -very enter taining. I heard gossip galore,, but JL have no intention of tilling .up-thus® pages with histories of peasant squabbles; loves, hates, births and marriages- E began to wonder what had.bceome o£ the old Irish wit and humour.. Th® only amusing story I heard was that o£ one Pat Cassjdy, who informed ,a neighr bour that his landlord had built a row of * dacent stone cottages-' near th® town for workmen and their families;, having just knocked down the filthy old, undrained, draughty hovels which: had stood on the land for some tifty_ years. 4 Av coarse,' said Pat, 41'took ono av thim to oblige him; an' I put ui> wid it though it hadn't the convaniences av me ould cabin at all. I've bin thaix* jist upon two years, an' now, I suppose,, I'll be axed to pay me riut!' A grievance this, after living, ih a ' clean, well rooted, tidy house foivtwa years ! The atmosphere grew moro anTTmorH oppressive. I saw some fresh arrivals; coming in, and amidst the stir ami non~ fusion I managed to escape,, leaving Moll. Duggaa behind. AVhat a relief it. was; to be out in the sweet, pure air onoo more. The brillianr. mounlighfc npulo tho place light as day. I took out my watoli and could see tho time di'Btinetljy. It was neariug eleven o'clock.. I liatl no idea I had spent so muuli time at tllo: farm, and I hurried along tlic road.as; fust as my feet could take mo. ..It was; a quarter of an hour's walk to Knock* minoss. Taking the short cuts by wiiicli I had come here with Moll Duggnn;.!' reached the lodge without miendVoutiuo of auy sort. The gate was unlbnkodj, and I n issed riuioklv in; ilidw.awd6.wd the gTenue I met Dr. Langrishe. Ho ■pas coming towards me and smoking a cigar. ' Oh, Hiss Nugent, is that you ?' he said. ' I hope you enjoyed the " wake." Interesting in these highly civilised days, is it not V 'Yes,'I said. 'It was interesting, as showing how little civilisation has (lone to lift the veil of superstition from these poor creatures' eyes.' ' How you are hurrying,' he said. ' There's no need to fly like that. Mrs. langrishe is iu hed by this time. Do you grudge me a few moments of the society of which you are so lavish to her?' I felt my face flame hotly under the soft gloom of the arching boughs. I did not like his words, or his toue, or the curious glitter in his eves. He was near enough for me to catch the fumes of wine from his breath, and the horrid suspicion struck me that. he was not quite himself. I drew a little away; but I did uot slacken my speed. • It is very late,' I said, hurriedly. 'Too late to loiter out of doors.' \- Ho laughed unpleasantly. ■ • ' It would not be too late with the right man, I suppose,' he said. ' But I have been unfortunate enough not to find fnvour in those pretty eyes. So I am to be snubbed, eh, Nell ?' ' Dr. Langrishe !' I cried, indignantly. 1 That ib not the way to speak to me. You have no right to use my Christian name.' ' I beg your pardonhe said, with mock humility. ' Is its touchy little spirit up in arms? You see, I never hear you called anything but " Nell." i The prettincEs of Nell—the goodness of Nell—the sympathy and kindness aud cleverness of Nell. Naturally I drift into thinking of you as " Nell," which indeed suits you better as a name than "Miss Nugent." And in that dress you look altogether so piquante and bewitching. I shall always call you "little nurse Nell "in my heart from to-day, whether you like it or not.' 'little nurse Nell.' The same name another man's lips had called me. The same name Dick Barrymore had given me. To hear it spoken by this man, hypocrite and deceiver as I know him to be. affected me with a sudden horror. "What could he mean by this familiar ity—this entire change of manner ? That it was assumed for some purpose I had no doubt whatever. But I was in the (lark aB to what that purpose could iic. I made no answer to that last insulting speech. I knew well enough by a woman's intuition that the insult only veiled its real purport. He neither admired "nor liked me, but he had ^ determined to try and make me believe he did both. "Was it to separate me from his wife 1 To leave her once more friendless, ailing, helpless, at lii6 merer, in his power ? A sickening terror seized me as the thought flashed through my mind. All my horror and distrust of him battled with the prudence that whispered not to make an enemy of him for his wife's sake. She was so unsuspecting, so trustful, so helpless. "We were almost out of the avenue now, for I had quickened my steps again. ' Aren't you going to speak to me ?' he 6aid move" gravely. 1 Come, come. Don't play at propriety like this. In the life you've led, and with that pretty face of yours, you must have heard enough of such speeches from men. What ahout the hospital students, eh 1 and the doctors, and the patients, too, Nurse Nell ?' 'I am happy to say,' I answered Bharply, 1 that not one of the men you ihave mentioned ever forgot to behave himself as a gentleman in the presence of a defenceless girl!' ' Ha, ha!' he laughed harshly. What a regular heroine-of-a-novel speech. Do you mean that 1 am not a gentleman, then, because I paid you a compliment? 'Pon my soul, that's good —very good. You're the first woman that ver turned rusty over a compli ment from mo. Let me tell you, Miss h"« gent ' But what lie intended to tell me remained a mystery. I sped swiftly into the house through the open window of the drnwing-room, and fled upstairs to my own bedroom. , I was panting and out of breath. I bt down for a moment or two to recover (bjBtilf. My shaking hands began to Jtfnsten my cloak and bonuet. My burned with indignation. 1 saw that I had a harder task before me than I had dreamt of when I promised to be Mary Langrishe's nurse aud companion. I had to tolerate the insults of her husband, or leave her to his mercy. 2 a.m. A distant clock has just struck the hour. I hare been all this time writing down these entries. I commenced to write the moment I returned to my room, after listening a few moments at Mrs. Langrishe's door. All was quiet there. I felt sure she was asleep, and I locked my own door, and without changing my - dress, began to write. . . . , I have finished now, and must go to bed. How hot and close the night is, aHd how hot my head is. X hare a curious burning feeling in my throat. A sense of intolerable thirst. Ah, the thoughtful Hannah has left a jug of water and a glass by my bed. If it were only lemonade! It is lemonade, and delicious lemon ade, too. I hare drunk a tumblerful of it and I feel refreshed and cool. Cool. "What is this ? I am shirering now. I feel deadly cold. Oh, God! Am I going tmhc ill? Three a.m. has struck. I woke sud denly and found myself lying over the table, my head 011 the page, my arms stretched out. What on earth can be the matter? I must get into bed—but the bed looks so far away—and my limbs so heavy. My dress—how is it I have not changed my dres6 after coming from that fever-stricken house hold. What folly! Oh, dear God of mercy, give me clear head and steady brain for just five minutes move, to lock this—away. 