The Old Woman's Money. AN EPISODE OF THE FRONTIER. We sat in the little frontier hotel at Pine Ridge Agency that stormy December night in '90. There was a number of us — all news paper correspondents — and a few interpre ters, officers and reservation employees. The days previous had been full of excite ment, for the Brule and Ogallala Sioux wore engaged in the Ghost Dance or Messiah Craze. About the Agency General Miles had grouped some 1500 troops ; beyond their white tents clustered the dingy tepees of the Indians, some 800 of them. We greatly enjoyed those evenings in the ? hotel. They brought back to memory pictures of the old West— staging, buftalo hunting, Indian fighting. And what a fund of information the scouts, interpreters and ' old timers ' poured into our willing ears ! Each one could have talked all night and yet left the narration of his experience un finished then. We were especially inter ested in the singular career of B. Ho had left a homo in Connoticut, and after varied experiences in Iowa and Nebraska joined a company of miners and with them entered the new mining camp of Deadwood. He was but -uhen seventeen years old. That some winter he carried the hrst mail out ot Deadwood to the Missouri River. B joined our circle while a scout was re lating some experiences with stage robbers in tho early seventies, and immediately entered into the conversation. ' So far as I know, the smoothest trick, prompted by a desire to save money, ever clayed upon stage robbers occurred near Miles City in '79. A load of passengers were almost within sight of the town. They had been travelling all day and were worn out, for the roads were awful bad in thoso days and all coaches bounced and swayed vory much. Having come near their jour ney's end they we're congratulating them selves. Hold-ups had boon frequent. Two heavily armed messengers accompanied each coach, with orders to firo on any person acting suspioiously. ?' 'Dear me !' said an elderly man near tho door, ' I'm glad wo are safe. I have about $500 and if I lost it I don't know whore I could got more.' ''I can got plenty of money,' said a travelling salesman, 'but the loss of what I have would put mo to much trouble, out horo among strangers.' Two minors and a prospector each with largo rolls, expressing their satisfaction at passing dangerous points safely. The next speaker was a little old woman, kind and motherly in her ways. ''My boy has started a restaurant in town and is doing woll. Ho wanted me to come and help, so horo I am, goodness knows far enough away from dear old Ohio. I thought he would need his mother, for these mining towns are wild, I hoar, and full of temptations, I havo only got $200. It's all the cash I have in the world. Fear ing robbers I have put it in a place whero no ono would think of looking. You cannot guoss whore ?' Of course tho guesses wore all wrong. ' Woll, I havo four $50 bills against tho solo of my foot insido my loft shoo !' 'Capital!' said tho elderly gentleman. 'No ono would ovor think of looking for money in your shoos.' In tho far corner at tho front sat a small, slender, black-haired man. Ho kept bbtwoon Jus loot a nwio black valise. No one spoke to him during tho journey and ho made no sound savo occasionally to cough in a peculiar manner. Some of tho passongors thought him to bo a consumptive. Even when generally good followship prevailed ho took no part in tho conversation. Making bold, the old lady said : 'And you; what would you do if you woro hold' up V' A hollow cough and a shrug of tho shoulders was all his reply. , ' What a moan fellow ?' thought tho old gontloman. At this instant tho ooaoli lured violently to ono side and bang, bang,' hang, camo the sudden reports ot guns ! One messenger was shot, the other com pelled to throw up his hands before time for resistance, and consternation and terror ? prevailed within the coach. 'Lord,. Lord !' prayed the elderly man. ' Oh dear, oh dear !' cried the woman. ''Hustle up here, git out,' and one of the robbers held the door open with his left hand while he covered the passengers with the revolver in his right. Of course they all filed out, and were stood up in a row. . There was much trembling on the part of the men, and the poor old woman wept audibly. It only took a few moments to go ? through the pockets of the line, and to in vestigate the messenger's small safe. Prob ably the road-agents would have taken to the hills at this moment had not one of them be held the frail figure within the coach. ' ' Hold on, boys ; here's one we forgot,' and he started in with an oath to drag forth the consumptive. As he entered a most ? plaintive, cough-interrupted voice greeted him, and, tough as he was, he paused. ' ' Please don't make me get out. I am vory sick. I will die, I know. If you will only let me be I will tell you where you can get $200 which you havo overlooked. I have no money, but I know where the $200 ? is.' The robbers outside, haA'ing heard the shrill, penetrating voice, glanced at each other. The leader called out to his fellow within the coach : ' All right, Bill ; find out where them two hundred is and let the pore devil alone. We got to be skipping out.' ' The piping voice took courage. ' Gen tlemen, if you will ask that old lady to re move her left shoe you will find the money.' ' The men began to mutter and scowl. The drummer even found courage enough to ? say it was a shame to rob a poor old woman of her last dollar, and no one but the most depraved sort of a road -agent would be guilty of such an act. The leader walked up to the drummer, slapped his face, and' tickled the end of his nose with the muzzle of his six-shooter. The drummer discreetly held his tongue until tho thieves were gone. ' It was with sighs and sobs that the old lady seated herself on the ground, took the shoe from that fat foot, and handed up her last dollar. In a twinkling it was pocketed and the outlaws jumped for their horses and' were gone. 'What a hubbub broke out when the ? peoplo found themselves alone once more ! With one accord they assailed the man with in the coach. ' Oh, you villain, you wretch, to toll . them of my money !' cried the woman, as . she shook him by the shoulders. The drum mer entered at this moment. Ho had been talking to the other men of the party in low tones.. ''Jest step out, madam, we want to talk with him,' ho said. She obeyed and several entered. It was noticed that the driver had his reins in his hands and ono end of them looked suspiciously like a noose. ' ' You d — d rascal,' said the driver, ' to ? have deliberately given this woman's money over to those outlaws ! We'll make short shift of you,' and he threw the noose over the man's head. There -vas a desperate struggle for a moment, and then the noose ? fell down clean cut through. It was seen that the little man had a bowie in his hand. He spoke in a different voice this time. ' ' For God's sake, don't bother me here. You can hang mo at Miles City as well as . here. It's only a little way ; I shall not escape. When we get there I will have ? something to tell you which will explain my action. A. man always has a right to have a fair hearing beforo ho is hung and I claim that privilege.' ' ' Well we can watch him that far,' said tire drummer, 'we can hang hitfi there as well as here.' - 'Some one helped tho driver with the body of the mossenger, and the coach started for town. The drummer, the miner and several others watched the little man intently, but he made no movement nor did he^poak until tho coaclV lumbered up in front of the post-office and hotel j then ho ? said in a quiet voice : — ' I am Tom ? ,' (one of the famous men of tho Black Hills), ' and I havo $40,000 in this grip. Tho only way to save it was by tolling the robbers of tho old woman's . money. I am glad to return it to her and a stake extra for tho worry I caused her. As for tho rest of you, I have nothing to do with your losses. We all ran the same risk, I wish you good evening,' and he stopped quickly from his seat to the door and into the street, dropping a bundle of bills into the lady's lap as ho passed.' And after lighting his pipe our story-teller passed out into tho night and wended his--, way to his humble cabin.—' Now York Tribune.' Sometimes I compare the troubles avo have to undergo in the oourso of a year to a groat bundlo of fagots, far too largo for us - to lift. But God does not require us to carry tho wholo at once. Ho mercifully unties tho bundles and gives us first ono stick, which wo aro able to carry to-morrow, and so on. This wo might easily manage, if wo would only take tho burdon appointed for us each day j but wo choose to increase our trouble by carrying yesterday's sticks over again to-day, and adding to-morrow's burdon to our load boforo wo aro required to bear it — Newton. Thoro aro four habits- ?punctuality, ac curacy, steadiness, and dispatch. Without tho first of thoso time is wasted ; without tho second, mistakes tho most hurtful to our credit and interest, and that of othors, may bo committed j without the third nothing can bo woll done } and without tho fourth opportunities of groat advantage are lost, I which it is impossible to recall, 