Keview. Where the Dead Men Lie. And olher Foemi. By BiBCBOFT' Boaitb, Edited with notOB and momoir, by A. G, Stephens. With poitroit and thirty-two illuttratJons by Mahony, Larabvrt and Fischer. Sydney: Angus and Robertson. Tho author of this volume of verso ended a brief' and chequered life of 26 years of ago, by suicide. His rather wob a photographer once of some note in Sydney, who eventually fell on evil days. Tho son at the age of Hiuo wont to New Caledonia, at the ?ge of Reventoen he untared the office ia Sydney of a land surveyor, and afterwards took up surveying field work for a time. Ha bocatne also a boundary rider, a cattle-drover, and again on assistant surveyor. The period of his poetic activity is included in tho xn-ater part of the year 1890 «nd the whole of the yHar 1891. On the 2nd M»y, 1892, he banned bimsulr' un a true ut North Shore with a favourito stockwhip. Ho hud n fair amount of ordinary schooling, — a few monthB at tho Sydney Grammar School, mid five yuurd at a private school ; and during! he Now Ciiicidouiuu rebidence mentioned be learned Fninch. Io constitution he was dulicatu, the chiuf cauee being a weak, slow-beating heart ; he inherited a disposition to melancholy, subdued only by physical exertion and social excitement ; his temperament was sluggish uud dreamy, and he smoked incesunntly. Indeed, so mueh was he a slave to tobneco, that be uoed to smoke himself into lethargy, and tobacoo was, hie biographer declares, one of the chief ngents of bin lamentable death. This young man who came into the world bo ill endowed for sustaining its stress and its pain, and who left it abruptly hecauBO he found the burden too heavy for him, produced during the eighteen or twenty months that he wus writing some raally noteworthy vewoB. Most of them wore published in a weekly Sydney periodical. They ore acknow ledged by his editor to contain many echoes of Gordon j they cover much of the samo ground which Puterson and La weoo have traversed in those collections of popiin which the present publishers have put out [ in technique they are often crude and incomplete | and they give promise rather than the roslitv of exeelleiiciH. — vnt fch-»v aro rnmurkablo productions for a youn»; iuud to put forth who hid no spocial muntal culture, no artificial furtherance, and who in prose appears to have no great power of exposition. Mr. Stephens quotou portion! of Boake's lotfcorn and proee narratives. They arc ordinary and even poor proBe. But, using tho vohicla of rhyme and rhythm Bouko appears to Lava boon an apprentice who would eventually becorao a master band, There io genius in his work. In these verses appoar evidence or tno Beeing eye, or tne power of observation without which no poet can be properly equipped; command of rhyme and faculty of expression ; a graphic descriptive power and warm sympathy with human sorrowsand aspirations. Prom the pnoms wo should not however deduce the conolusion that the author possessed tho melan cholic temperament which hastened hia tragic ond. He looks on the serious sido of life undoubtedly, but the prevailing noto of his verse is certainly not a doleful note, and some of the poems ore as cheery as coma do wionea, it no; humorous, Hi« imagina tive faculty would, wo fauoy, have developed, had he lived; to our thinking bin best actual work is that wherein ho looks out on the world a ad do scribes what he sees. The scenery of his first out door lifo at Monaro, the great western plains, cxporiniicoo of the cattle camp, tho mustering yard, nod the drovor's track — those and kindred scenes nod incidents aro depioted for us with a pen which was guided by a poot's eye, We have no room for extended quotation, but mny give a few lines from the more charaotoristio of these poems, Take the first verso of the poem which gives the title to the bonk, the most doleful poom in it, a quality to be attributed we apprehend to the fact that it was produced nt thn end of tho poet's career, when his natural tomlency to sadnoss wbr doopoued by loss of work, over indulgence in tobacco, and a sense of his father's troubles s — Out on the wasteB of tho Never Nover— That'H whim) tho daad men lie I Thero where tho heat waves dance forever— J That's when* tho doad men lie I .That's wbero Earth's loved Bons are keeping EndloBs tryBt : not tho wcBt wind swooping KTavorlRh pillions can wake their aluoping — ? Out' whore the dead men lie 1 Of a vary different cbaraotor is ' Joseph ub Biluy,' a ballad which tolls how a outo joker gets tho bettor of a backblocks village crowd, by wager ing thnt ho can outrun in throe hundred yards their flcotost borao, But he makes the stipulation that thn rider must before ho starts imbibo a cup of ten. All is rcudy : Josephus starts at tho word go : but tho poopln of fchab town Wore dooo a lovely brown By plain Josephus Riloy, of tho North Oountroo. And hero's tho reason why i Tho toa was simply dry ! You might eat it, but to drink it wus impoBslbiHtoo, Yet, curious to state, Men did not appreciate This hum'rous innovation from tho North Countreo. 'A Boxtree's lovo' appnnrs to have boon suff gestod by Tonnyson's 'Talking Oak.' Tho idoa is rather daring and fantastic, and we aro somowhat in donbt whother to liku the poom or not. But it is a good exumplo of what tho author could do in his more fanciful moods. Tho poot imagines tho box troo indulging in human foulings and sympathies, more especially in connection with a fair girl child whom ho bomb grow into womanhood. A fantastic touch in tho poom is where tho maidon, beneath the boxtrou's ahado, refuses a lover, and laughingly espousoii I he trao by placing her ring upon a twig, ?which absorbs the. trinket. And anothor appears after tho maiden's death — They bore the maiden forth, and laid -. Hor down to rests whoro she had played . Amid hnr pilon of foroBfc spoil In.ohildhood : now the eunonlcod soil OloBod over. her. ' Ah,' sighed the troo, ''Mark how my. lovo doth oomo to me I' Ho pufhod brown roollots down, and slid Betwoon tba enskat and its lid ; And buda them vury gontly oreop And wako tho maiden from her eloop. The tiny filnmants sllppad down And plucked tho lace upon her gown. ; Sho stirred not when thoy vonturod noar And softly whlnporod in bar oar. Tho silken JlbroH gontly pruos Upon her lips a chill aurmsi ? They wrontho her waiat: thoy brush hor hniiM TTndor hor pnllld cyulldo stare i Yot all in vnin ; nhe will not walto — Not oven for hor lover's sake. No man oould write thus wnlosa ho woro a poot indaed, Wo uomtmiud npeoially also 'How 1'olly ? , paid for hnr Kuep,' p. 67 ; ' 'Twixfc tho Wings of ' ' tho Yard,' p. 80 1 'Kelly's Conversion,' p, 110. Wo oloao our notion with a specimen of tho poofs puro doHorlptivo vniso, find ono of his narrative stylo. Tho flrat is trom ' A Vision out Waat'— Fnr-ronohing downs, n solid soa sank ovorlnstingly to rost, And yet wIiobo billowa Reora.to bo for over heaving toward tho wost i The tiny fiold-tnioa muka their nests, tho suiumor insuots hu!!» and huin Among tho hollows and tho oroaty of fchto wido ooean Btriokun dumb, Whoao rollers movo for ovor on, though sullenly, with fottarod wills To broak ia voioolexa wrath upon tho) arumblad baaos of fur hills, Wbaro rugged oufcpoBts tnnet tho Bhoolr, ofcind fdot, and hurl thorn hauk again, An avalanche ofanrbh and rook, in tuuiblod frag inantti on the plain j Bub, novcr heading tho robuff, to right and loft thoy Was tliu feot Of hanging ollff »nd bouldorod bluff till on. tho farthor sido thay ninnfc, And onoo again rnouiuo thoir march to whoro the aftornonn aim dips Toward tho went, and Jloiivon'u aroh salutes the oarfch with ruddy lips, Saoh ii tho aaouo whioh groott tho oye, Tho aocond wo tako from a stirring Btory of how a jooltoy unintentionally givon his baby boy a mount on » racer, and how bho ohlld Ia borno off and onrried through tho rauo whioh ha wins, or io allowod to win. Hiiro is tho oonohiBion of tho narrattvu. Tho hortia han boon groat in hia dny, . but ho la in company too good for him now although ho has only n baby on IiIh btiolc, Tho ohlld haa in him all tho ardour of combati, and he still oarrlsa ilte whip rvitU which ho started t ' Yes ! Babsie'a heart was failing ; For be felt old Gaylad ailing; Another fifty yards to go .... he felt hie chance was gone. Could he do it? much he doubted; Then tho crowd — oh, how they shouted ! For Bitbs had never dropped the whip and now be laid it on ! Down the straight the loaders thundered tVhilo the people cheered and wonderad, . Fob ne'er before had any seen tbo equal of that night t And never wilt they, may be See a fl-ixen-beuded baity Flog racehorse to the winning post with all his tiny might. But Gay lad's strength id waning — Gone, in fact, beyond regaining ; Poor Bfibs is flogging hopelessly, as pale as any ghost : But he looks so brave and pretty That the Robo's jock takeB pity, And, pulling back a trifle, lets the baby pasB the poet. Our extracts will suffice to show that these thirty-one Beta of verses were well desorving tbo honour of print in the admirable manner charac teristic of Messrs. Angus and Robertson's bouee. The editor has performed bis task with judgment and sympathy, and the pictureB aro for the moHt part effective. 