THE MYSTERYHOF-UBAFEY O'ROURKE. ti 's Rliud.6isof a Haunited "o use.) A very irritating thing has happened. My hired man, a certain Barney ,..Qgontke, a citizen-o'fuuchi politicalln Iluen-, t good gardener, and,. according much the incst of nme. -. and all begiatu of certaln-effusgons which from timeeo time ha.veeimanate frof my pen It is not often that one's literary chic "i-end come home, t-. rouSt in such a :gefdil flashion as scme of mine',tYve recently done, and :Ihave no doubt that an this story lprogresses he who reads will find mrech:rsympathy for mri rising tup 'in his breast . Ln'the latter parlt of last.Tuly, expect fn pga meeting of friends at my house in connietion wih,.a question of thile, good goyvei-nnirent of ihe city in Which I hon estly try to pay my taxes,.I ordered one iunidred cigars to be delivered at my resi+dence. I ordered sever.l other things at the saime time, but they have nothing whatever to do wlth the story, because they were all -e'ver~. single bottle of them -consumled-at the meeting; but of the cig?'ls." aboutl 'whici the strange facts of my story cluster, at the close of the meetirig a goodly two dozen re itainedL This is surprising, considering tihat there we're quit.e six of us present, but it is true. Twenty-four by actual count remained lwhen the last guest left me. The next morning It and my family took our departure for a month's rest in the nmountains. In the hurry of Is,?v i=:g home, and the worry of looking after thlree children and itur tirnes as aollny trunks. I neglected to include the cigars in my impedimenta, leaving, them ii the opened box upon my library table It was careless of nme. no doubt, hut it Iwas an ilnportant incident, as the se quel shows. The incidents of tlle.St?ay in the hills were commonplace. but during my :absence from home strange things were going oni there, as I learned upon. my return. The place had been, left in ch:rge of Barney. O'Rourke, who. upon my arrl. val, assured me that everything was all right. and I tilanked and paid him. ".'ait a minute, Barney." I said as he tturned o'lteave nle: "I've got a cigar for .you.". I may mention incidentally that in-the past 1 had kept Barney on very good iternis with .his work by treating him in a'friendly. sociable way, bat, to nly great surprise. upon this occasion he declined advances. HAD GIVEN IUP SMOIING. His face flushed very red as he ob served that'he had given up smoking. ."Well. wait a minute, anyhow," said ; " "There are one or two things I want to'speak.to you about." And I went to the table to get a cigar for myself. The; box was empty. `lnstantly the suspicion whlich has doubtless ilashedthrough the mind of the reader flashed, through? my own Barneyhadiieentempted.alndhad fallen. -I recallqd his blush, and on .tihe:moment reilised.that in all any vastexperience of hired men in the past I . had never seen one",blush before.-. :The case was clear.. .Iy cigars had gone to help Bar ney through the hot summer. "Vell, 1 declare." I cried, turning sud dlenly u?oan himr. "I left a lot of cigars hlre when I went away. l-arney." "I ktsiw ye did, sorr.' stidl Barney, who had now grown while and rigid. "1 saw them mcself. sore. There war twinty-four of 'em." "You counted them, elh?" I asked. with an elevation of my eyebrows, which to those who know ime conveys the idea of suspicion. "I did.- sore. Ill your absence I was re sponsible for everything here, and the mornin' ye went awaa I took a quick in vintery.- sorrt, of the removables," he answered, fingering his capl nervously. "T:hat's how it was, sorr, and thim twinty-four segyars was lyin' there in the box forninst my eyes." "And how do you account for the re mval of these removables, as you call them, Barney?" I asked, looking coldly at him. He saw he was under suspicion, and he winced. but pulled himself to gether in on instant. "I expected the question, sorr." he said, calmly. ":and I have me answer ready. Thim segyarss as slhmoked, sorr." "Doubtless." said 1. with an ill-sup pressed sneer. "And by whom? Cats?" I added, with a contemptuous shrug of my shoulders. HIis:ans.wer overplowered me, it was so simple, direct, 'and unexpected. ,' SIPOOIS." . "Shliooks." he replied, laconically. SI gasped.,in astonishment. and sat downs i"' l knees simply collapsed undeli me, and I cotild no more have continued to stand :uli' than ily. . '"What?" I ciled. as soon as I had re covered sulliciently to gasp out the :"Shiooks." replied BDaney. "Ut came about like this, sorr. It was the 'Froi day t,-o w:tkes afther you left. I became unasy Iike a:ilollg about noine o'clock in the'avenin', and I t'ought I'd come around here and see if everything was stlrai gllt. ?e wife sez ut's foolish of in?. sorr. ahd I sez maylbe so. but I can't get 'it out':lme 'heaid thot somet'ing's ,drong. "'e lockled everyt'ing ul safe whin he left?' sezlhe." " 'Iht vays does,' sez I. " "lhin ut's a phwhim,' sen she. " No.' sez.e 'Ut's a sinsation. If .ut was a phl;'him, ut 'd be youse as would ho' ;it:' that's what I sez, sevarely loike, sorr, and out I shtarts. It was tin oaclock whin I got here. Tite.noighlt was harlt'and blowin' loilke March, rainin' '"id thunderln',till ye conuldn't hIear your self t iilk. "I valketd down the walk. sorr, an' ,brri",' tile t'inder ever.t'ing was quiet. I trold the dures. All toight as a politi olin. Shltill, L'inlks I, I'll go insoide. Quiet as a lamb ut wis, sorr'; but on a. suddent, as I seas about to go back home 'agin, I shijelt shmolte!" "Fire?" I cried, exeitedlk. :- "I said 'shnioke, sots." said Barney, whose calmnness was now beautiful to Ibok tpon, he was so serenely confident of -his position: .'Doesn't smoke involhe a fire?" I de manded. "Sometimes." said Barney. "I t'ought ye meant a conflagrashun, sorr. The shmokle I shimelt was segyars." "Ah," I observed. "I am glad you are coming to the point. Go on. There is · difference." 'There is thot," si'l Barney, plea. stoutly, as he was getting on so swim min"r1I "Thiis shmolke, as I say, ssas sey gar shmolke. so I girioes me way cau tibis loike dip tSibbaiclustdahars'.itld list ens by the library. dure. All 'quiet "s a.lanjb. Thiltn bold loid:. I"shtiepi into tHesroom; and Ni'?RLY. DR R)PSV.WIiTITIE SHOA?IRE 11 I HAVE.ON 31E-' ni: ninute. The room was dark as a bocei' iat . orr hiu¶ i iferlst shpatd 4f ranetlhund,in the, chtl sas six ~ittle t ,'hrue shn1i' said hi'1And tohmcky hmoke: roiin ''d:(ii."'slloh'd' · t'ought there' " Va?" faire ii' a oey ''r t ret ' Ut queee'stmn, orr,for a'miniute, "nd 'me Si'to'Hni, hot I gets mc courage up, sprnugs across the room, toibldhies th ,lectlirc button and??hizt!ever gas-jet T. "T at"asa 't;" ?riine ;' "'I' tin sarcem stliecally:?'' " ; :; "Ite as in hour intherest sonr. said he, inipressively.. ?' " ? ?''' r '?:" "A~d'p o'u,''hat 'I 'q'luhried, 'grw9 'Wihat I hope nie to svertoee s?ai?;. sore ahod n?'1 yY-.cqmpressin, his lips, soleniny. ""Sii. imp~ty."hairs ,sorr, sid six seygaurs as hoigh u froio the flu?e ~s a oaus m iv',?oullih' 'i'id 'a-lbwifo In 9put-S,?n?me'oke'o a ehinhimley', A i-lr oil?.? it\ a':s bils the 'at ' hifhl7hgo tiown i1,nd of. da"' e 'tapldp '-;i-e no if Id aa finger ofa shlmokel .nd tth~iashes :ohla ' off'b opntbi h?e i le,-i' " ' - . : ei. ;er ",, l oaid oL:"Go.on) What next?' "I wanted ,to run awnaa, sori, but r shtood. rutted: to. the shpot wid th' sur. prise I. had on me. until foinally Iverv segyar was burnt to a shtub and trun into the foireplace, where I found 'ent when .I came to clane up, -provin' utr wasn't ony dhrame I'd been havin'." THE MAN WAS LYING. I arose from my chair and paced tht room for two or three minutes, Wonder ing. what I could say. Of course, it!. man was lying, I thought. Then I pulled myself- together. "Barney," I said, severely. '" what'. the rise? Do you expect me to believe any such cock-and-bull story as that? "Nor, sorri' sold ho. ' "lBit [tiim'r the facts." "Do you mean to say that till.s hr.su. of mine is haunted?"I cried. "I don't know." said Barney. liie:ly. "I didn't t'ink so before. "Before? Before :what:? ?'hti? asked. "Wh'Vlin you waes writin' slhtories lrsou: ut, sorr." said Barney'. ,lsp'i-etfully. "You've had a black horse-hair sofy turn white in in single noigit. sure. fo the soight of horror ut's witnesrse.l You've had the hair of your own ioea' stttand on ind loike tinpenny narls at what you've seensthere in this very rOOm. yourself, sorr. You've had ghosts doin' all' sorts of L'ingso in the shtories youve been writin' for years, andl yourve a. ways swore they were thrue. scr. 1 didne't believe 'ensm ohen I ead e'lt, but w?hin I see thim se.gyars bein' shmoktc up before me eyes toy invisible c'iegs, I sen to. meself, sez 1. the boss ain't 'uch a loiaratther all. I'oo follyd your writ in', sort, very cairelfuLandl close loik; [ do,'t see how,afther the tales yoiu''e told about your own experiences right here, you can ca"y consl3htently that U'2s i-wan o' mine ain't so!" "'iut why. llarniey," T asked, to cr. fuse him. "when a thine like this hap pened. "sdidn't you write-and tell me? Barney chuckled as only one of his speie;s crair chuckle. "Wroi:tte and tell ye!" he cried. "Be gorry, sorr. if I could waroite at all at a1,, ut's not you oi'd be wroitin' that tale to. but to the iditor of the paper thR.t you wroite for. A tale loike that is rwort' tin dollars to any man..especially if ut's thrue. But I niver learned the art!" And with that Barney left me over whelmned. Subsequently I gave him the ten dollars which I think- his story' i' worth, but I must confes that I am in a dilemma. After what I have said about my supernatural guests. I cannot discharge Barney for lying, but I'll hbe blest if I can quite believe that his story is accurate in every respect. If there should happen to- be among the readers of this tale any who have mnde aI siufliciently close' study of the habits of hired men and ghosts to hb able to sihed any light upon the situation nothing would please me more than to hear flroml them. I may add. in closing, that Barney has resumed smoking. - John ICendrick Bangs, in "tHarper's WYeekly." 