| Alyfltrricg of Crime. In 1SKD u v.-,mini's body was d'.« covered in :i if,In-, wider tin* ji.iwhich!. of .1 lino hi iii' i.iu :n Iljrlpy--!rcet. Tin1 liutler of ill,- family !n do.-iii'iij: ont the cellar camc c niii ;i cask, mill within thai rant lie i.iiiml tin' Iwdy preserved in iinlrkllini'. iililc.'i liml lieen n.-e,l. mi doulii. \viiii iin' idea of pnwvvins it. Inn ilie opposite riwlllt followed. l>i'i .ini|i(is:, !,m had. however, ttone to > far to make vecoKuitloti ixwslhlc. anil tlieiv ««.: never tlic slishttwt to tin' identity of die criminal. or of that of the murdered person. The woman had lieen HUililied to llie heart. Noth'.ii}: whatever w.i > elicited in the Iioimc i self. It had Imvii occupied li.v the »anic KCinlenian, Its proprietor, nil uninipeacli alil.v respectable firraon, for .it leant twenty year«, iinil lie could throw uo liKlit whatever upon the myxtery. Kvpii wlieiv a lioily li:i« lieeit clearly identilieil, and withiu a short apace of l me, the Kiilntloii lias not been reached. I<er u» take some of the le.-s faiuiiiar i ;I'<ivi at- recorded in the crluiiual lils lury of other countrjw. There was the murder of " (he pretty dpir Blrl," bk she WiW called, Mary It' Sc-r.*. of New York—tlio foundation. Indeed. of ICiIjmi- Alleu I'oe's famous story, " TJie Mystery of Mario Iloitot," although lie placed the sceJe of the crime lu 1'iiriN. Mary lingers left lier home one evening for n walk in Hobo keii, on the .lersey side of (lie Hudson Hirer, flint \vu« never afterwards seen alive. Some days Inter lirr body \vn« fniiiid float int.' jii North Jtiver; Kite 1ml been strangled by her owu law flrliu. Hy-a»d-by the traces of a tierce anil niorral struggle were found lu a neigh bouring wood, and In due course several atvetfts were made. nil of jin-ii s-upposri] to lntve been desperately lu love w.tU Mary Rogers. Hvery one was able, however, to establish 111* InlioiviKv, al though one, by named I'jyn. subse (juently committed milv'.ilo Hear where the crime was perpetrated. Tills mysterious murder agitated the whole of the United States to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln stud' Uartleld. ami no .■m!.sfaeiory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, ar tile death of the to bacco merchant who had been Mury It.-gcrK's eui|iloyer, and who as year.* pa.-*nd had become a very wealthy man. certain faetn Wive said to have eonie out which in a meanure Implicated blir with the crime; but these do not ^eom to have been more than a vague story of bis being haunted on his de.illibed In Paris by the ghost of tlie murdered girl. Other oases of a similar kind have occurred In tlu> Tutted Stativ-s. There tv.is the murder of Sarah Cor nell, who wan at tlmt thought to hnve hanged herself, tlien said to bnve been killed by a Methodist minister; but he was acquitted, and the deed, now proved to be one of violence, was al ways « tuy lery. So was that of the girl fished tip from die bottom of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; but tiie murderer who had first stran gled, then thrown, (Jul e'tiii Sands down tile well ivns Deter discovered.— Prom "Cas ell's family Alng iz'.ne" for April. 