LADIES' GOSSIP. a night out. dress chatter. our food supply. the way we live now. By "RITA." 'The brightest, funniest, and moat brilliantly successful farcical comedy of tho day, entitled A Night Out" (I learned all that from tho play. It is riuite easy to say it, if you take a long Breath), is drawing well at the Prin cess'. On Monday the fiU8<i was packed, and Mr "Weinberg (the conduc tor) faced the audience, and played God Save the Queen fervently, not to nay dramatically, lie was aided and abet ted by an orchestra in the same mood. Then the gallery cheered, nnd "the brightest, funniest, etc.," began. MIsb Alma Stanley Is a handsome woman. She belongs to the type of women who fill out their dresses beautifully. And all her dresses are showy. First, a pale blue chiffon, draped over pale blue satin, is worn as a neglige. Then a pale pink accordion-pleated silk skirt, with a cream blouse and pansy velvet belt, follows. On her night out expe dition she wears a theatre dress of block silk, uncommonly spangled with silver. It Is made tight-fitting, and cut square at tho neck. Hlack and white shoulder cape, a large French hot are worn with this. A study in scarlet follows. Block luce In three town adorns the skirt, and the bodice is trimmed with black. A scarlet hat, trimmed with plumes shaded from scarlet to pink, and a parasol to match the gown, carry the scarlet Into the fal-lals of the toilette, which you will find striking enough, The other Indies in the cast have no chance to dress, but the little girls from school undress, and execute a ghost dance in robes do chambre. Apropos of Mr Paulton, I want to ask a question (people ore al ways asking me questions, I do not we why I should not have my turn), viz., Why are comedians nearly at- ways small men ? Has there, within the knowledge of that veracious person, the oldest inhabitant of any town, ever been a comedian six feet or over ? If so, who ? I see I have asked more than one question— still/ U is near enough for a woman. I was quite delighted with the edito rial note in lost night's paper, pleading for better inspection of and attention to the food kept for home consumption. The matter should not be allowed to drop until things aro on a more satisfac tory footing. It is little short of a scan dal that so little attention should be paid to the matter. The housewife has to pay a high price for Inferior butter, and is told as consolation that "butter Is scarce, so much is being sent away." The same with eggs. High price, and three or four in every dozen bad. The same answer to a complaint. One feels that It la only the possession of a nasty, ungrateful spirit that prevents those honored by being allowed to pay for eggs that are unfit for use, going down on their knees and thanking the pur veyors. One has to think a little to fully realise the privilege of being al lowed to pay from Is 8d to 2s a dozen for eggs, to find only six or eight fit for use. Certainly the British consumer has taken a load of responsibility off the poultry, for "Tho hens Is not laying now" used to he an unfailing reply to a remark about price. If the responsibility can only be shifted once more, and on to the shoul ders of someone whose business It will be to see our own market properly pro vided for, why— It will be about time. Ah a matter of fact, on one pretext or another, several articles In domestic use are a scandalous price, and the supply Is bad. Fish Is another thing. Not because It Is being sent home In vast quantities, but -beeauao It is not taken out of the sea in quantities' commenBU- rttie.vritiFthe.roqitlrentenW bfthe popu lation, and l>ecause:the distribution .of what Is brought is not properly sui»er-. vised. It Is well known that when poor people could be and should be having fish cheap, it is manipulated so that prohibitive prices are kept up. They go without, Inatcod of being able to buy — ns I have seen them In another colony —three large fish for sixpence. The matter Is an important one, and I am glad to sue that attention has been di rected to It, and I hope the matter will be referred to again and again, until there Is some bona flde Improvement. On Friday evening, June 11th. the Rt. Kllda Cricket and Tennis Club's Ball ' will be held at the St. Hilda Town Hall. The hon. sees., Messrs G; II. Insklp, G. P. Newman, and H. Ritchie, with the committee, are working hard to make the bull a success, and already a large number of tickets leave been disposed of. Tickets. 4s oaoh, may .be obtained from the lam. sec, or any member of the com mittee. Tbo first of the Urighton dances Is to be held on June 3rd. The rickets arc now ready, and may be had from any of tho committee, or from the secretary, Mr T, W. Wilson, 317 Collins street, or William street, Brighton. Oyston's Band htm been engaged, ami visitors may look forward to an enjoyable even ts- Mr Walter Health's thirteenth annual plain and fancy drcs shall was held in the new Town Hall, Prahran, on Mon day evening. The ltaTl was filled, and there was a picturesque display of funcy costumes. A prize was offered for the most original costume, and this was unanimously allotted to Mrs Powell. Mr Bert was the successful gentleman. Twenty-four dances were gone through to excellent music. Refreshments were served throughout the evening. During the evening n flashlight photograph of the room tvos token by tho well known artists, Tnlma. Before the concluding dance, a short address was delivered by a member of tho committee, in whlcih lie expressed the thanks of the guests to Mr Heath for the enjoyable evening. On Friday, the second season of the Rwondnn Assemblies was inaugurated! About fifty couples mot at tho Town Mali, Mnonee Ponds. The music wan Supplied by Oyrton and Donmx's bithd. nnd Mr Bell ,of Kt. Tvlldn, catered. Many of the principal residents of the district wero pivsent, and there were many visi tors from oiher suburbs, Tho com mittee Intend making special prepara tions for their next dance, which Is to be held on 23rd prox. as a Jubilee event. The Mfij-or and Mayorws'of Northcotc (Councillor and Mrs M'Lean) gave a very successful dance In the Northcotc Town Hall on Tuesday evening last frock. About ICO were present. Tho decorations were curried out by Mlwi Jackson In gold and brown art muslin and flowers. Amongst the entertainers | cre:— Soloists : Mr Walter Klrby, Miss Mary Conly, Mr Prlckmann. Recita tions by Rev. Hector Ferguson and Mr I J- Best. Piano hoIoa : Miss Tottlc Fraser I ami Miss Yeomana. Refreshments were I served In the council chamber and mnin I bull, Mr Doldge being tho caterer. The I Mayoress wove a hlnck brocade, trimmed j with Jot, and carried a beautiful shower j bouquet of crimson carnations. Sirs j wni. Strong (Mayoress of Melbourne), I block skirt, bodice of pale heliotrope | brocade; Mlra Strong, white silk; Mr» I Jtolwrtson. blnck Rllk; Mrs D. A. Mad- I d«i, violet velvet; Mrs D. V. Hcnn «wy, I Uncommon gown of rainbow tinted I rilk; Mm Montague Lyell, rose pink I jmtered 8llk; Miss Efile Montague I Lyell, cream morvellleux; Mrs Yeomana, brown and gold brocade: Mrs Bird, pink I rPC. spangled net trimmings; Sirs E. I F. Major, white surali, trimmed with I harrow black velvet; Mrs W. G. Swift, I Nhck silk and lace; Mlsa A. Thomp- I £wn' plnk crtiI>h> a"d lace; Miss E. I Thompson, white silk; Mnt Fred riant, I risck rilk; Mrs Jack Best, black satin: I Mnt Woodward, block silk and Jet; MIbs I "ant," pink sUIk, 