NEWS IN BEIEE. T ? The -weather at Nannine continues to be hot. A light fall of rain occurred at Northam yesterday morning. Arrangements are being made for the erection of a hospital at Nannine. The fiev. D. J. Garland preached in St. John's Church, Albany, yesterday. Mr. H. B. Lefroy, the member for the Moore, has accepted the portfolio of Minister of Education. The police are vigorously prosecuting undesirable characters in Kalgoorlie on charges of vagrancy. : Mrs. Oliver, of the Westralia Hotel, Perth, left the colony for London in the E.M.S Eome on Saturday lyst. The military officers and leading civilians arc to be invited to the military ball which will be held on May 24. An Afghan was arrested in Cool gardie on a charge of having fired at a man named Thomas Preston on Satur day night. Crime -would appear to be greatly on the increase, there being no less than forty-six cases listed for hearing in the city police court to-day. E. G. Dobsbn, a storekeeper at Bulla btilling, was fined £30 at Coolgardie on S'turday for sly grog-selling. The liquor -was confiscated. The ordinary mail for despatch to the Eastern- colonies is announced to close on Wednesday next at 1.45 p.m. for transmission in the E.M.S. Victoria. The Coolgardie express was delayed two hours on Friday, owing to the tender of an engine becoming derailed during shunting operations at Clackline. It is reported that a woman -was lost in the bush at Dunnsville on Thursday last, and that black trackers have been despatched from Coolgardie in search of her. The Eoman Catholic confirmation service, which was to have been held at Fremantle yesterday, was postponed owing to the severe illness of Bishop Gibney. The Kalgoorlie and Boulder Workers' Association has' voted .£10 to Gibb, the survivor of the seven men connected with the recent Mount Charlotte catas trophe. An elderly woman named Ann Ware ham, 52 years of age, and an old. iden- tity of Fremantle, was found dead in her hut at Beaconsfield yesterday afternoon. The Kalgoorlie and Bouldftr Workers' Association has accepted an offer from, the Commissioner for Lands of a piece of land in Engan-sfcreet for the office of the association. The return of the Great Boulder Per severance for the past month resulted in an average of slightly under 2oz. per ton. The result of the Lady Bountiful clean-up at Black Flag was 2oz. per ton. ' Up to noon on Saturday six points of rain had fallen in Perth. Yesterday afternoon was threatening, and showers fell during the early hours of this morn ing. There are signs of a further visita tion. The friends of Inspector Newland, of the metropolitan police force, will sym pathise with him in the death, on Saturday night, of his daughter, Winnie, aged 7 ? years and 9 months. The cause of death was peritonitis. The recently-published pamphlet by Professor Brown on Western Australian agriculture is to be brought under the notice of the Agent-General by Sir John Forrest, with a view to the distribution of copies in England. For the week ended Saturday last, 20 patients, including nine suffering from typhoid and one from cholera, were ad mitted to the Government Hospital, Fremantle. There are 50 patients under treatment in the institution. At the usual meeting of the Perth Labor Church last evening, Mr. 31. Miller delivered an address on ' Indus trial Eeform. He traced the history of the labor movement, and dwelt on many interesting aspects of the ques tion. The Minister of Mines lias received a number of telegrams from capitalists and others in the Eastern colonies who have interests in Western Australia,' congratulating the Government on the reduction of the labor conditions on leases. Four patients, suffering from fever, were admitted to the Coolgardie Hos pital on Saturday. E. Lonnie, 21, died fr'oin fever 10 hours after nis admission. His parents live at Beeclnvorth (Vic). William Thomas, 25, died from an abscess on the liver. South Perth residents will be pleased to hear that arrangements have at last been made to run a regular steam ferry between the Coode-street jetty and the Barrack-street jetty, calling at Mends street and William-street. The ser vice commences from to-day, and one steamer only will be run for the pre sent, i The anniversary services in . connec tion with the Wesley Church, William* street, were held yesterday, the congre gation being large. At the evening service the Eev. G. E. Eowe preached to a crowded congregation from the words — ' Go ye therefore and teach all uations,baptise them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teach them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you.' The football season was advanced a stage on Saturday afternoon, when several scratch matches were played. In a contest between West Perth and Fremantle, the former secured two goals and the latter one. The Hovers met a team of 25 of the Subiaco Club, the result bain'* a win for the former. A match was played at Kalgoorlie be tween teams representing Hannan's and Boulder. The Buulderswon by 7 goals to nil. At the last monthly meeting of the Subiaco Local Hoard of Health it was decided to cider 30 sealed pans for typhoid cases, also to have the tents re moved from the Government reserves adjacent to the school, us they had now become so numerous as to be a menace to the public health and a nuisance generally. A notification from the Under-Seeretary that a grant of .£250 had been allowed, was duly acknow ledged. During the course of a lecture de livered before the Teachers' Association on Saturday, morning, on ' How can teachers keep abreast of the times '?' Mr. Jackson, the chief inspector of Go vernment schools, recommended the formation of Teachers' Associations similar to that which he was addressing. Progress, he said, came only through the contact of many minds. He recom mended also the formation of a central librnrj of books on educational subjects. The lecturer described the work of the American Teachers' Institutes, and suggested that the W.A. association might take some hints from the Ameri cans. The lecturer was accorded a hearty vote of thanks at the conclusion of his address. ' ' 