A:..WODERFUL WOMAN; 'THE DANGERFIEL';i.01 YSTERY sBY MS. MAY AOESri : .FI nso . CIIALPTIRl -XXV.- "tContuncu1.) -On the morning l ?ing on the dis covety made bJy t f Donnell of the tell-tale soar IIernstle's . temple, that ag l took his way yariutg hoe W' for t di.,-r to the petn Cotta c`urch-? As onily a I on resided in the cottage at. pro.entqlthat mucll he had ascertained at his intn. They had taken ossesslion the very treek'dn Whichlel1 'ltis had left, and hadl 'heen there ever since. ,Mlr WNilson, 'a roy- little matron, answered the door .hi pleroln, an :d ushered her militari visitor at once itn toho parlor,Caettain O'Donnell's liusi ness .wlth lls W.iTon was very seimple. HIe tlnderstood that the servant woman who had lived in the family of .Mr Otls Pix years ago was nowo in the service of iMrs Wilson. Could he see- her' a mIo. ment or two In private? The little mistress of- the cottage open ed two bright ibrown eyes in surprise. Lut answered readily. In the affir Inative. le meant Dorcas, of course Doreas had come to her with the liouse. rind Dorcas was in the kithten at pre rent, and woulld walt upon the gentle lnan at once. Mrs Wilson wIent, and Dorcas came a. stout, elderly'wnman, with an intelli gent face. "I wish to obtain a few lpaticulat?s concernlng the sudden death of a youlng lady in this house six years ago." the chasseur began. plunging into theit Flub tect at once. "'ou remllemlber lher. of course? iCer name was Katherlne, Dall gerlield." Yes. Dnreas remembered lperfectly .ell-- relmembnlered as though It were but yesterday. She had comae to the cottage I:te in the evening--ai cold. dark winter evening it was-to see the sick young man. Mr Dantree. Mr Otis himself had let her in. The next thing she heard, half tin hour later, was Mrs Otis eclaeun- ihad rushed li. - Miss Dangerfleld was. lying then on the sofa, white and still. r.nd Dr Gra-ves said she was ldead. "Toll Fna her dead?" " Yes, poolr dear ; and a belauiful corpse she mnade--calm, and white. and peaceful, and looking more 0 as though she were asleep than dead." "Hnow long was s he-kept here be.fore sihe was buried?" the soldier asked. "Only three days, sir; and shite looked )vwely to the last. I remnemb er hic well. Iring in her coffin, with flowers all round her like marble or waxwork, 11and ralsise n-crying over her, anlld master ,with a face- like white stone." "Humph!" Captain O'Donnell sahl. knitting his brows. Katherlne-Dangerfield hlb died. then. Ind tiss HerneCstle had nothing what ever to do with her, in tpite of all the astounding coincidences. "One qiuestion hiore, my good wolman. How long after the funeral was it that SfI;r Otis left this place for London?" "About a month, sir-yes, just a ilonith! I thilnlk they would have gone. sooner, but for the uinexpected arrival of his cousin, the sick young lady from Essex." Captain O'Donnell had risen to gi. At these last words lie suddenly sat down again. "- 'm-,".. t,.untuiqlaiy from Essex? Ah. I think this may be what'r'Ivait-t'rhear! .When did you say the sick young lady came?" "On the very identical nighli of the funeral, sir. tand most unexpeeted. I Iiad gone to bed, and missis. she eamue to my room next inoi'ning befiore I was up. all white and in a tremble, and says to mee, 'Dorcas. get up at once, and heat -water for a brath;' and then slih sat down in a chair. looking fit to drop. I asked hler if any one was ll, andl she rald yes, a young lady who had come in the night. n niece of hers from Essex. and she was going to stop with theit a few days. Ste begged me to keep It a se cret The young lady wans weak-like in iher Intellect, and .they would be obliged to confine her to her room.I promised not to sDeak of it. for missis she looked trembling and frightened to death al qaost. And so shle was. all the time the S'?itrange young lady was in the house." \- "How long was that?" : 'Not qbite a fortnight. sir: and a eight of bother she made -all her meals took up to her room, and missis a-trotting up and do"'n all day long e-waiting upon her herself." "What was she like-this young lady?" "That I couldn't tell, sir. I never lald eyes on ther, leastwise exent once. . Master and missis. kept waiting on lher all day long, and missis she slept with tier In the same room at night." "lBut you saw her once." "Yes, sir; but I didn't see her face. She never stirred out all day long, and at night I used to hear sonnds of foot 'teps and doors softly.opening and shut ting. One night I watched, .and I hearil the house-door shut softly, and directly after'I spies nmaster swalking in the back garden with a lady on his arm. It was a cloudy sort of night,:nd'I couldn't see tier very plainly-I couldn't see her face at all. She was tall. and dressed in 'dark clothes, and-but this was only n rtfoti of mnine--if Miss Dangerfield hladn't been dead and iuried I should have solaid the height atnd the figure were like hers." T he blood rose dirk and red over the cun-bronned face of the African soldier. For an instant lhis breath seemed fairly S pl?" he sld, In a tense sort of hiispcr. "Well, sir" she continuttl, !tlte very text night after thit the sick young lady ran ways , I don't knonw whether tIhe.had be een keeping her against her Will Or not, biut in the dead of the ilght r-he ran away. Miss Otis never came ,bak,' and a fortnight after master and "sistress went up to London thiemselves ..f?Qr.gooq.taking the slck genitlenman "'ith. hem. That's all, sir." .It.owas.quite enough. Captain O'Doi a tell rose againhIlls grave face had E * .-'.uned Itshabltual calmness: -lie 'hild ead all he 'wantel--more thin' lie ex d., He pressed lialf 6'oivereign . ttDorcas's willIng p.alm,-'1,. r . 'on good morning, and depart, • -.? tlhe- result of that in erview Cap "nat1abdwislt to Lon .ig obsent from Castleford blut ple of days. On his returno"ewa impanied Iy a somewhat .odd-look adividual. iwho was known 1b' tile of Joggins. At the m\ralla?i.- ta lin oWeleri. the clhasseur parted from the l nge :ir ind went to his hotel, the ti i night was a mneniorable one. '.. t I tn wvas closed up for the rig there were but-few guests, and dire few kept primitive hour. At a .quarter past 11 not a light .wa's to be -Eln. O'Donnell sat at his wlindoi, Ijking out at the dim starlight, smok lang and waiting. At half-past 11 he satt lis servant Lanty stride across the Inn yard and disappear in the shadow Dc the larches. Almost immediately the Captain made his way softly out of tlhe room, flown the-stairs, and through the dsor whlich his. seivant previously had Lhslselenssly unbolted. Not a creature 5l to) be seen-the whole town seemed to be still and dark as O'Donnell walk ed swiftly towards the chlurchyard. SLanty, tIle servant, was already walt Ing riot far from the intn, upright as a Igemrod, silent as a toanl, and givig Illis teompasion, who was none other than ;the ann fogglns. a wide berth. The l.tter.'"with a sack over his shouliders, r.ltnanlng spade and pick and instruo ni-nts for opening collins, spoke as the .t rtalnldr-w near: • "Hert e are, sir-Up to time, nnd not t to 1)r lost. ead the way. and V'- f and g ? 'to I,usd .. :? . I, l In the shade of eedpes and V' d . orl:'?:.? a l - ederhnnd thing, the chasseur led the w:ay. One behated pedestrian,. one doc tor's gig, they met-no more-anil tile trees screened them eveq from them. Tihey walked so rapidly that tliy were inilhe churchyard before.the Castle ford steeples tolled 12.: RIedtamond O'Donnell strode steadfastly along between the iows of graves, tile lonely paths. tuntil. undfr its solitary tree, he patused at Katherine Danger field's tonml. , Ills lips wep set. hist eyes stertn-for good or Ill h n.o :wtld know tile truth saon. `.. . . "This is the grave,"·he said, curtly. "Go to work; I'll keep watch." ' The resurrectlonlist-tfor that was hi awful trade-oped hl. bag, produttced his shovels, gave oftt Itlto:the reluctant -hands of Luanty. nei net to work with n i nalrpidl ~t d-exterity. IT-ie nrked ll, wIll untlthoi. persldratlon tto.di 4 t, bends o n I thellitiie'sO'Donneil' Ithallsbrought a frinTny i"flask, annd. glie thtem copious latllons - No solinl( but the subdued noise of tile shovelling clay-- nothing living or dead to ih seen. - O'Donnell worked with them-there was no need of watching-ahl d at last. fill below, in the faint light ofl he stars, the.cllin lay1 revealed. The lmn lay on their spades, wiped their faces. and drew a long blreath. Then tle lresurreetflOitist and Lanty rais ed thile coffin between theli--the damp ilay clinging to it making it weighty and pliced it at RIedmonlld O'Donnel's feet. Alt list lie dreIw one long, hlard, tense Ibnreath, his eyes gleantitd. "Open it," iti .idd. in a comtposed sort of voice., and A1r Jogglns produced his oerowdriver, mll set to iwork once It.ore. ''iihe sci.ie , one i'y One, twPlre removed: the lot layI In the palm of Joggins's hanId-notllini remained but to lift the lid and see oeldt'r tlihe nollldloring re tr:ins ol" t ICithrine Dangertield or Tie made a sign. Joggins raised it, all three lc e t for'arcd t Ilooni. There nas a shilultlnetous exclamntionll from all as they hiaent iantin to reassure themselves. The late-risinlg moon- which had been strutgglln.- tlhroulgh lhe i mists of cominng nmorning. shollne suddenly forl a moment fill upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what. Reilmond O'Donnell had expectedi to see-anu empty comlan! .\ll dolllts lnow, so far as O'Donnell wita concernerl, were at anll end - the ~Kniherine alligerfield of the past and the Ihlen lierneastle of the present welr onie -iud the sanme. lie knew as well s lie ever knlew after, ithe whole truth tlte nill," sltange story. It had nont coll death, that trance which had Iheld her. lnut ine of those mIystic toriport', no llosly resemblling its twin-sister. death, ais to deelve Dr thral'tn. ulit the eyes of love ure not easily bliniled; Htenry ctis hal gulessed fromn the first,un doubt, whlat it WaS. VWhy It i hal niot spokenv-why lie had it llt' maltter go sp far as to permlit her toli e burlid, rather stnggered thie chas s'.r: \'is it that Iy salving her from the horrille fate of bleiig burlied alive lihe tishlled tol foirge at claihn u11ton her gratitude and love? If so, lie hadll cer taininly failed, or by this timle she would have een bls? wife,,,And that sanmee night-lided, no doubt--he had reoliened the grave and taken Clie still inanimate 1 form from its dreadful resting-place. Then had come her flight-her exile to I .lterlea-her theatrlical success,.. -Jer ,hiject in this hltld probably belen to t makie money to carry oillher plans, and I she hal nimade it. She had . returned- I had worked her way into the fanilly of Sir Peter Dangerfleld-and for the past six tweeks played her role of nlursery go verness. But where was her revenge?' What had she gahied?--what had site 1 aceolilished beyond playling the ghost I andjrlightening the little Ialronet nealr ly out of hisi senses? : - " 