THREE DISTINGUISHED SWINDLERS. JOHN THOMAS WILSON, FRANCIS MIRANDA, AND COUNT VON ATTEMS. A Bit of Old Sydney. [By 'Old Chum'] Charlotte-Place, though much changed for the better within the last ten years, still retains many choice 'bits' of 'old Sydney,' the Sydney of the 'free' and 'bond,' the era before the abolition of the transporta- tion of criminals from Great Britain to these shores. At the corner of George-street and the 'Place' of the thoroughfares named, is the extensive building known as Lyon's Auction Mart, and ever the building may be read, cut into the stone, the legend ERECTED BY SAMUEL LYONS, 1833. On the right-hand side of Charlotte-place, next the Royal Naval Home Is an old build- ing, on the side wall of which may still be read the business 'label' of an old-time Sydney trader, the sign almost as fresh as the day it was painted, nearly sixty years ago. It reads POLACKS AUCTION AND COMMIS- SION ROOMS. In the thirties Abrabam Polack was one of Sydney's merchant 'princes' and thereby hangs a tale. I remember meeting Polack in his old age at the Synagogue in York- street, on the occasion of some high festival, nearly a generation ago. Physically he was a splendid specimen of manhood. For a Jew he was much above the standard of the weedy scions of the Hebrew faith we meet to-day, the latter the result no doubt of what stud masters term in-breeding. Doing an extensive business at the same time, and having trading intercourse with Polack, was JOHN THOMAS WILSON. who passed current as a 'merchant prince' financially sound. In October, 1839, Wilson purchased the brig Nereus, then lying in Sydney harbour. He went amongst his com- mercial friends and purchased goods of almost every description to the aggregate value of £?0,000, which he stuffed on board. These goods he paid for on the terms then existing in the commercial world, bills at 3, 4, and 6 months currency. When the ship had completed her loading, had cleared at the Customs and was ready for sea, Mr Wilson rode down to the wharf, gave his horse to a porter to hold telling him that he was only going down the harbor a short distance to see his vessel sail, and went on board his own steamer, the Sophia Jane, which was to tow the brig to the Heads. Having towed the brig out to sea, the Sophia Jane returned to Darling Harbor but with- out her owner, that gentleman having sailed in the brig on board of which was the valu- able cargo out of which he had successfully swindled the credulous Sydney merchants. The brig left Sydney October 19, 1839, and from that day to this John Thomas Wilson has been lost to his creditors. He was heard from once. In lat. 29.16s; long. 160 W. the UNITED STATES SHIP ' RELIEF ' spoke the brig. The Yankee skipper was invited on board, and hospitably entertained by Wilson at champagne tiffin, Wilson telling the Yank, nor to spare the fiz. as there was plenty more of it and even if they ran short they could return to Sydney and replenish. Twenty-four hours after his departure, Mr Wilson was posted as an absconder. The newspapers were cautious in the thirties. They had a full account of Mr Wilson's delinquencies it type but as someone was reported to have seen the alleged absconder in Sydney after the sail- ing of the brig, the publication was with- held. Clamorous creditors assembled at the absconder's store, only to be blandly met by Mr Polack with the information that any- thing and everything left behind by Mr Wilson he claimed as his, under bonds duly executed. Like his prototype, Mr Polack would have HIS POUND OF FLESH. A meeting of creditors was held at which it was determined to charter a fast vessel, the Rover's Bride, to send after Wilson, and at all hazards, bring back the spoils and the absconder. Wilson's debts were estimated at £60,000, one half at least of which was represented by the brig and cargo. The only valuable property left behind was the Sophia Jane and a sailing vessel, the Tamar, these Polack claimed under his bond. There were also certificates for £6000 worth of tobacco in bond, but these were held by iron- merchant Holdsworth as security for some promisory notes which he had endorsed for Wilson. It was asserted that the ship and steamer were mortgaged to another of the old-time Sydney merchants, THE FATHER OF SYDNEY BURDE- KIN. This Polack stoutly denied, and as usual the lawyers came in for some sweet pick- ings. Meanwhile many rumors were afloat as to Mr Wilson, of course everyone knew now that he had gone, that he was 'shaky ' for some time previous. One man admitted that he knew all along that his real name was Abbott, and it was undoubtedly proved that he had been in business in the United States under the name of John Thomas Seares, and had left the LAND OF THE STARS AND STRIPES in much the same fashion that he left New South Wales. The result of the investiga- tion in the law courts was that Mr Polack's deeds was found to be faulty, and that gentleman compromised by 'parting' to the tune of 75 per cent of Wilson's debts. The Rovers Bride returned to port after many days of unsuccessful search. Whether Wilson and his ship found the bottom of the deep blue sea is not known. The Sydney merchants who trusted him admitted that it served them right, as they knew that the man led a fast life and had no capital. In June, 1857, amongst the guests at the Charing Cross Hotel, London, was a young man, whose business-habits and strict punctuality gained the favorable opinions of those with whom he had dealings. This methodical young gentleman was FRANCESCO MIRANDA, a Portuguese. During his residence at the hotel his correspondence was most voluminous and the porter to whom he entrusted the posting of his letters declared that many of them were addressed to distinguished persons all over the globe. In September, 1857, the general manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank at Sydney received letters from the great house of Baring Brothers, London, mentioning that Mr Francesco Miranda, while on tour, would call in at Sydney, at the same time asking the bank to assist him in his transactions to the best of its power, enclosed were LETTERS OF CREDIT FOR £15,000 in favor of Miranda. On October 12, Don Antonio Auoni de Ayala, Spanish ConsuI at Sydney was waited upon by an affable stranger, who in the absence of a consul for Portugal, pre- sented a passport duly signed, sealed and vized at several places and asked to be introduced to the manager of the A.J.S Bank. This gentleman was Miranda, and, seeing the letters of introduction which the stranger carried, the Spanish Consul had no hesitation in complying with Miranda's request. After spending a pleasant time in Sydney, assisted thereunto by the obliging Consul and the delighted Bank manager, Miranda expressed the intention of purchasing an estate in the colonies and settling down. One in the neighborhood of Melbourne, and then in the market, appeared to suit his tastes and he determined on investing capital in it. A letter of credit on Hong Kong for £6000 was cashed by the ever- obliging manager of the A.J.S. Bank, who was also kind enough, at Miranda's request, to convey to the Bank of Australasia at Melbourne, the proceeds of Baring Bros' draft MIRANDA LEFT FOR MELBOURNE, and on January 30, 1858, presented himself at the head office of the Bank in Collins- street, and drew out in gold the whole sum to his credit, £19,000. This leaves £2000 to be accounted for, but as Miranda had a good time of it in Sydney some of the sovereigns no doubt found their way into the pockets of the persons whom he patronised. Miranda then secured a seat in Cobb's coach for Castlemaine, and sent his trunks to the BULL AND MOUTH HOTEL, BOURKE-STREET. for conveyance to that town. He arrived too late for the coach, and asked that his trunks might be allowed to remain until next day, a request readily granted. Next day he called and removed his boxes, and from that moment Miranda disappeared as if the earth had swallowed him. The Spanish Consul, who formed a high opinion of him, believed that he had been murdered for the sake of the gold he was known to possess. The police thought otherwise. 'Jack' Randall and 'Jack' Black, two of the cutest detec- tives that ever set foot on Australian soil (they *were* detectives), discovered that on board the SHIP GOOD INTENT, which sailed for Callao, South America, a few hours after Miranda removed his boxes from Cobb and Co.'s office, was a passenger, a French gentlemen, or passing as such, Monsieur La Prarie, whom they believed to be identical with the missing man. A few months set the murder theory at rest, as the letters from Baring Bros., the letters of credit, the draft, passport, introduction, etc . were all proved forgeries. Miranda went about his business in a most methodical fashion. He succeeded in swindling numbers of very astute people in Sydney. The person who most regretted Miranda was the bank manager, not because of the few paltry thousands he had obtained on the cross from the bank, but because both gentlemen were expert whist players, and Miranda benefitted to the extend of many half-sovereigns at the expense of the manager. Another bowling swell and swindler who 'did' some of Sydney 'first families' badly COUNT VON ATTEMS. who gained the entrée to Government House and the mansions at Potts Point by the fairy tale that he was a member ot the Royal House of Austria, travelling *in coq*, and your Potts Pointer and Darling Pointer do so love a sprig of Royalty. In December, 1867, a gentlemanly-looking young man took up his quarters at Morley's Hotel, Trafalgar-square, London. He remained there till January 11, 1868, when he sailed in the ship Northamp- ton for Sydney. At Morley's he engaged a valet — Auguste Sterzer— whom on board ship he threatened with dire penalties should he be caught speaking English. The ship arrived in Sydney April, 1868, and the Count and his valet took up quarters at the Royal Hotel, where the Count's bill amounted to £200 a month. Aftar a time he took a house in Richmoud Terrace, Domain, next door to that at the Prussian Consul. Here he held high state, was seen in the carriages of the ' first families,' who were never tired of being seen in company with royalty *in cognito*. The Count purchased the yacht, Hamlet's Ghost, in which he sailed for Melbourne, promising to return in a few days, leaving his valet in charge of the house in Richmond Terrace. The Count did not return, but made his way to Batavia. Anxious inquiries showed that by means of forged letters of credit he had imposed upon merchants, and succeeded in fleecing the tuft-hunters who had lent him their horses and carriages with which he had cut such a conspicuous figure in the public and private life of Sydney. He had even borrowed £25 from the valet, and left that interesting individual lamenting to the tune ot £130 for wages and cash lent. The Dutch did not prove quite as soft as the Sydney folk. His Countship found himself at a discount in Batavia. He was soon run in and sentenced to 22 years imprisonment for several varieties of swindling. He made several attempts to escape, once in the uniform of an officer of the American navy, but was caught on the hop and returned to his old quarters. It was not safe to allude to Austrian Royalty in Sydney drawing- rooms for many years after. Space will not permit the publication this week of the doings of ' Vicount Lascelles,' whose biography, with that of another of tbe same kidney, will appear in a future issue. 