By HARRY STILL WELL EDWARDS, Author o£ "Two Runaways," "Mine," • "Sister Todhtinter's Heart," "De Valley an*.' De Shadder," "Ole Miss and Sweetheart," &e.;, &e.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XI.—(Continued.) There was a sun setting before them that! lent a glow to the girl's face and a. new lisrht I to her eyes. He saw it there first and then in the skies. .Across agentie slope of land that came down from a mile away on the opposite side into their valley the sun had gone behind a shower. The sky was blue overhead, but banked with vapors behind them and a crimson mist rested upon the long slope where trees and shrubbery seemed growing in a glorified sea. Out oil one side^a fiery cloud floated like . a ship afire and. behind it were the lilac high lands of the sky. The scene brought with it a strange solemnity. It held the last breath, of the dying day. . . .. b The man and girl stood silent for a. . moment contemplating the wonderful vision.- She looked into his face presently, to find him sadly and intently watching her. "Wondering, she led the way downhill to where a little boat layi with its bow upon the grassy sward, which, ran into the clear water. Taking one seat, she motioned him to the other. "We have given you.a "Venetian Water color sunset," she said, smiling awayher'em barrassment, "and now for a'gondola ride." Lightly and skilfully plying the paddle, the little craft glided out upon the lake and pre-,' sently poising the blade she said gayly— 1 "Look down into the reflection and then lookup! Tell me, do you fjoat upon the lake or in the cloudy regions or heaven?". He followed her directions.. Then, -looking steadily at her, he said gently— " In heaven !". She bent over the boat side until her face was concealed, letting her hand cool in the, crimson water. • , - " Mr. Morgan," she said after awhile, look ing up from-under her lashes, " are you a very earnest than ? I do not think I know just how to take you. I am afraid I am too matter-of fact." ' He was feverish and still weighed down, by his terrible memory. "I am earnest.now, whatever^ I may have been," he said softly,, "and, believe me. Miss Montjoy, something tells me that I will never be less than earnest with you." , • , - . She did not reply at once, but looked off into the cloudlands. • • . V "You have travelled much?" she said at length, to break the awkward silence. :■ "I suppose so. I have never had what I could call a home and I have moved about a great deal. Men of my acquaintance," he con tinued musingly, "have been ambitious .in... every line; I have watched them in wonder ; they have come abroad, toiled, denied them selves, and suffered for a little fame or a Tittle success. Most of them sacrificed what it has been my greatest desire to possess—mother and sister and home. I cannot understand that phase of life; I suppose I never will." • ■ "Then you have never known a, mother ?' .. "Never." There was something - in." ;hiii voice she could not fathom,, but it. touched her deeply. "To miss a mother's affection," she-said, with a holy light in her brown eyes, "is to miss the greatest gift heaven can bestow here. I suppose a wife : somehow takes a mother's place, finally, with.every man, but.she' cannot • fill it. No woman that ever lived can.fill my mother's place;" - - . : - Loyal little Mary. He fancied that as, she \ thought upon her own remark , her .seUativb lips curved slightly. His mind reverted .to ! the sinister face they had left*in the parlor. "Your mother," he exclaimed fervently, " would to heaven I had such a mother !" lie paused' overcome with emotion. ."What was he doing ? Had he lost control of himself ? \ He stirred with sudden anger and .hatred of— himself. But she looked upon-him with swimming eves. 3 •, ' • f . "You must come often, then,- She said softly, "and be much with us. I will share her with you. Poor mamma ! ; I am afraid— • I am afraid for her." She covered her face with her hands suddenly and bowed her head.. "Isshe ill, so -ill as all . that?" he asked . greatlv concerned. " " Oil, no ! That is, her eyesight is failing,; she does not realise it, but Dr. Campbell has warned us to be careful." ""What is the trouble?" He -.- was now deeply distressed. " . . . " Glaucoma. The little nerve that leads . from the cornea'to-'the brain finally dies away; there'is no connection, and "then—---" She could not bring herself to conclude the sen Ed wafd had never been brought within the influence of such a circle.' ■ Her words thrilled him beyond expression. He waited a little while and said— "I cannot tell you bow much mv_ short ex perience here lias been to ine.; The little touch of motherly interest, of home, has brought me more genuine pleasure than I 'thought the world held for me.. You said, just now that . yon would share the deaf little mamifia with me. I accept the generous offer; Andnow you must share the care of- the little mamma . with ; me. Do not be Qffended, but I know that the war has upset your revenues herein the South:; that incomes, slaves, investments, have all departed, and that the new order'of business, v especially in the country,, has not .reached a paying basis. Bv.no act of-mineH am-inde- • pendent; I have" few responsibilities Why may not I—-why not yoiu and I take the little • mamma to Paris and let the best skill of the world be invoked to save her frqm sorrow?-' ,• He, too, would not, after her failure, say "blindness." - -V ■ She looked at him through tears tba,t threatened to get beyond control, afraid tb trust her voice. - " You have not answered me,' he ..said gently. She shook her head. "I cannot; I can never answer you as I would. But it cannot be,jit cannon be! If that course were necessary we would have gone . long ago, for, while we are poor,' Norton could; have arranged it—he 'can. arrange anything. . But Dr. Campbell, you know, is famous for , his skill.- He has even been called to Europe y in consultation. He says there is no cure, but care of general health may avert the blow all her life. And so we watch and wait." Still," he urged,there may. be a mistake. And the sea voyage- " She shook her head. "You.are very, very kiud, but it cannot he." - It flashed over Edward then what that journey would ^ have been. . He; with that sweet-iaced girl, the little madonna of hjs memory, and the patient mother ! In his ; mind came hack all the old familar places; - by his side stood the girl, her hand upon his arm, her eyes upturned to his. And why not? A thrill fan through his heart; he could take his wife' and her. mother to Paris. He started violently and leaned ' forward in the boat, his glowing face turned full upon her, with an expression in it that Then from it.the color died away; a ghastly look overspread it. He murmured albud— . ! " God be merciful. It cannot- be." She smiled pitifully. -r. . h -> • "No," she said, "it cannot be. ' But God is . merciful. We trust Him. He will order all things for the best." Seeing his agitation she continued—"Don't let it distress you' so; Mr. Morgan. It may all come out happily. It was wrong to burden you withb our family ghost. And.this is a poor reception for you. See, the skies are quite "clear now; the clouds all gone. I take-it as a happy augury."'.. Ashamed to profit by her reading of his • feelings,' he made a desperate effort to respond to heiThew mood. She saw the struggle and aided him. But in that hour the heart of Mary Montjoy went out for all eternity to the man before her. Change, disaster, calumny, misfortune, would "never shake her faith and belief in him. ' He had lost in the struggle of the preceding night, but here he had won that which death only could end" and perhaps nob Slowly they ascended the hill together, both silent and thoughtful; He took her little hand to help her up the terraces and forgetting held it until, at the gate, she suddenly-withdrew it . in confusion and gazed at him with, startled CyThe tall soldierly form of the colonel, her father, stood at the top of the steps. : "See," said Edward, to relieve her confu sion, "one of the old knights guarding the And then she called out gayiy— . . . "Sir Knight;, I bring you a prisoner." The old gentleman laughed and entered into :the pleasantry. , " Well, he might have surrendered to a less fair captor. Enter, prisoner, and proclaim your colors." Edward started; hut recovered, and looking'up boldly said— ; "An honorable knight errant, but unknown until his vow is fulfilled." They both ap plauded and the supper beE rung. ; 