: TASMA'S DETTER, Mr DEAR READER. ? ' ; On Thursday His Excellency declared t Agricultural Show open. Lord and La Hampden drove up punctually at 3 p.t followed hy vehicles of Biindry descrlptioi packed quite full of the numerous hov party now being entertained at Governme ? House. Thursday was us summery ns if t weather manager hnd mistaken April 1 '. January, . and nondescript muslins, doubtful age, were universally donne Home of the neatest dresses I saw we made in Norfolk style ; but the most stylis looking costume was a sac crint and ski; and was worn, I think, by Mrs. Rupe Carrington',.whom most women concede be the best dressed woman in Australia, The weather-that fruitful, yet fatal top -recalls the long-standing/yet ever your source of argument, and which has no frown proverbial in Australia , regardir Russell and Wragge, Weil, I have biddi tile ghost to walk this time, io order that may tell you the major part of Mr, Russel] "*? work is performed by his daughter, whor lie proudly concedes, is a much more learns prophet than he. After, this, will Mr. Bartc refuse to acknowledge female 'sn ff rage- i the Convention on thu ground of menti incapacity? The Town has worn the usual sack clot mid ashes of Passion Week with less tlesoli tion than formerly ; somehow, it seems t grow very much less every succeeding yeal The theatres, without exception, were close last week ¡ but this unanimous closing wa on principles other thun religious, I ai sorry to say. On Satnrduy night, at He Majesty's, was staged Anthony Hope's gron literary furore "The Prisoner of Zenda, ?which is certainly the finest drama presentei to it Sydney audience since Sarah Bernhard was here, The three great characters ur Prince Rudolph (Mr. Julius Knight), Princes flavin (Miss Ada Ferrars), and Colonel Gnp f ?? (Mri Hawtrey.) ' If we except Mr. Hawtrey' short visit to Australia seven years ago, tb* . principals are entirely new to the Australia! hoards. Ada Ferrars, the leading lady, hu treen Identified with several Adelphlsuccesses Everyone here is saying that Miss Ellio Page, the second actress of tho combination hears a striking resemblance to Miss Bery Faber, so well-known in the Brough' Co How many more professionals resembh Miss Faber? The Bulletin declares timi Ferris ls remarkably like her. On Friday night the Pitt-street Theatre was positively packed ; seats were unavailable shortly aftei seven, and the audience was a thoroughly Appréciative one. From a spectacular point, . the great thing is tho coronation scene. The scenery is said to he truly the forest of Zendii, and tlio dresses were designed and made in a London house, and cost £1500 The first night of Kenda was, however, only ,»>.n initiative outbreak of a week which .Ihreatena to lie ft record one In the way tif festivities. Yet, on Monday morning, is flashed the news that war ls declared, and now, at any moment, "A gang of ruffins limy interrupt the mullins "¡ somehow, it all tuiggests Byron's ode on Waterloo, We have all heard a great deal about the connecting links between the Church and the Stage, and now comes the news that a well-known American divine has deserted Ibo pulpit for the boards. It ls now an «>. tabllshed; truism that a good play may I»ouch a moro powerful sermon than any pulpit pounder; and, seeing the popularity of such plays as the "Sign of the Cross" and "The Daughters of Babylon," wo must not lip surprised if there happens to bo a violent epidemic of stage fever among the British clergy. Australian girls- perhaps Melbourne ones in particular-are dreadfully stage il ruck just now. Many of the mipers in "The Prisoner of Zonda" are daughters of Melbourne "nicest," and whose pretensions to ujoud looks aro their only passport. Those «ne coats-to which I hnt-o nhondy alluded in this epistle-are finding milch favour among women who really dross well. Tho shoulders are elaborately trimmed, and the collars worn thereon remind ono most of a gilly flower hud half-blown ¡ tho tendency now being to wear everything fan-shaped. The necks and wrists are trimmed with fun shnped frills, and evan the skirts are ditto shape.. Ori tho subject of dress, I must tell ym\ that Miss Tweedie, of Mark Foy's, whom vi' have long looked on as. the Australian Worth, has gone home arni opened un atelier in llanover Square. Among her patrons nrp Lady Carrington anil Lady Jersey. Wo have not yet heard tho last of the matinee hat; Indeed, I am afraid wo have only entered the acute phase of a long discussion. During a recent performance in one of the best Parisian theatres a gentleman retained his head gear; protests «nd cries were heard on every side, but he refused to uncover so long as the ladies were allowed to retain their hats, . The average young man is usually too much under the dominion of the owners of matinee hati, and with a dogged fidelity, will support his women kind who happen to wear the Intoler- able hat ; but he does it simply for his own si'lHshuess, knowing what he tuny stiller subsequently. This, I venture lo submit, is an accurate picture of the present consti- tution of societv rc theatre hats. MANN HIVE» PROOKESH ASSOCIATION*-At tho last meotiriK lt was resolved Hint thu Secretary lie instructed tr) keep the Biilisrrlp llon list (Förtha erection of it gato nt First Creek, to keep horses from trespassing on Mires'Run ami there by Rettin-* impounded) opon for a short Mino; und that tho Secretory ville to tin? P.iM.f!., nsklng him for a Riih MIIV to enable them to run n regular weekly 'rltinnl anil lmbllsliuil by OiiunoK IIKNIIV V.;UM:V, "lilu proprietor nt tho Clarence tnitl Jiu-liinoiut lUumCncr Mivcliluo Printing olllcc, 1'rlnco-ntrcct, 