The Labor Candidate's Address. AN ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE I/ist Saturday night the Stock Exchange Hall, Coolgardie, was crowded, about eight hundred people attending to listen to the opening address of Mr. A. G. Hales, the selected Labor candidate. On the platform a large number of labor people assembled, including Mr. Kerr, the Labor candidate for North Coolgardie. Mr. J. McDowell occupied the chair, and in a -brief outspoken speech asked for a fair hearing and no favor for the candidate. Mr. Hales, who was received with cheers, said— SIR AND GENTLEMEN,—I have come before you for the purpose of expressing my political views, and for no other purpose. I have not come here to fill the air with a wilderness of words but to attempt to prove that 1 am the man you require to represent you in Parliament. I may fail in that endeavor, but if the verdict of the people is recorded against me I mean that my falishallbean honorable one. I submit myself to you in all sincerity and truth, prepared to bow to your decision though I will never truckle to you for your verdict. I come to you recognising that you are the great sovereign jury, and in your hands I leave my political fite. Weigh me in the balance with my opponents, and if you find me wanting reject me without hesitation, for by so doing you will be acting well within the limits of your right. Concerning my opponents let me say that during the campaign I shall at all times and under all circumstances endeavor to treat them with that courtesy which so well becomes a man. The contest, as far as I am concerned, will be a political one in every sense of the term, and upon political grounds, and when dealing with public matters I shall show my opponents neither consideration nor mercy, but there my hostility will cease, for it shall never be said of me that for the sake of public applause, or for the pride of place in puhlic affairs, I stooped to tear the veil from any man's private life. For I hold that even the crown of the empire would be dearly bought at such a sacrifice of simple manliness. (Cheers.) My opponents and their public affairs are mine to deal with as I will, so iong as my utterances ate kept within the narrow limits of the eternal truth, but their private life is a matter that lies between them, their God, and their conscience. (Applause ) I am but a »ude and rugged man of the people, bora amongst you, reared amongst you, and have lived my life amcngst you. Yet, Sir, I declare to you that rather than I would rise to political pre-eminence by such despicable means, I would remain for ever the man I am; for the feet that cross the threshold of an enemy's inner life are foul with infamy and shod with shame. (Cheers ) Mo sectarian cry shall be raised by me or mine. This is not a religious struggle, but a political campaign, and all white men of all creeds, Jew or Gentile, Roman Catholic or Protestant, are welcome beneath the flag I fight under. From the Salvation Army to the Church of Rome, from the Jewish Synagogue to the Church of England, all kinds and conditions of religious thought are welcome without prejudice and without favor. If I go into the House of Parliament as the representative of Cjolgardie, I gD there to legislate for all, and I will never be a party to any act of legislation that will put a bridle upon a min's conscience, or hobbles upon the aspirations of his soul. Religious freedom was fought for by our grandsires, and liberty of conscience should be a household watchword with every man worthy of the title of manhood. And, sirs, were I sure that this election could be won by raising the sectarian cry, that cry should never be raised by me. (Prolonged applause ) Gentlemen, the policy that I have to lay before you is a plain and simple one I cannot bewitch your ears and win your hearts with the polished rhetoric that falls so fluently from the lips of my accomplished opponent, Mr. Harney. The education of a lifetime has given that gentleman an advantage over me that I deeply deplore. Never in my life before did I so regret the surroundings of my boyhood and eailier manhood as I do to-night. To him, a man nursed upon the broad breast of fortune, reared amidst the most polished society in Ireland, trained in one of the noblest universities in Europe, surrounded from infancy by all that is polished and refined, lifted by the force of circumstances far above the trials and hardships of the working population. I say, to him who neve» shared with us the common lot of daily toil our complaints may seem trivial and our desires may appear to be but as the wailing of children lost in the dark. But, Sir, it is not in Universities that men learn to feel the heart beats of a nation; in Universities men may learn to become skilled in fine arts, in medieine and in law, but it is the bond of brotherhood and the breath of daily toil that teaches a man the magic art of placing his fingers upon the pulse of the people. ^Cheers.) In regard to my attitude in Parliament, let me say that I shall watch the Premier with a jealous eye, and if he proves himself hostile to Coolgardie I will work against him with all the power that God and Nature has given me. I look upon Sir Jobn Forrest as a remarkably able man. I have watched his career for three years closely, and have been forced to the conclusion that he is a strong man. No other man in all this province has so filled the public eye, and this hour if I were asked to select a politician to take his place I could not name such a man. But his Ministry, as it is at present constituted, is an unmistabable one. That Ministry is pledged to the coast line crowd, and is hostile to this field. Everything that this Ministry has given to us has been forced from its unwilling hands by an exasperated public, and it remains for Sir John Forrest to take the portfolio of Minister from the present holder and place it m the hands of a goldfields' representative if he wishes to do justice to the goldfields and win the confidence of our people. In the past there has been no man in the House able or willing to instruct the Premier concerning the requirements of the goldfields. If such a man had been in Parliament the railway line would never have gone from Kalgoorlie to Menzies. Had there been a strong man in Parliament to instruct the Premier in the language of truth, a man capable of demanding our rights moderately but firmly, I dare assert, Sir, that the Premier would never have blundered in regard to the general exemptions. If, Sir, a man of the goldfields had been sitting in the House as Minister for Mines that man would have pointed out to Sir John Forrest the black injustice of the long general exemptions to all classes of the community. We know how that long period of enforced idleness drained the pockets of the miners of their hard earnings. We know how it has almost wrecked all the small storekeepers and business men on all parts of the field, for whilst the miners were not earning they could not be spending We know how the laborers and mechanics were thrown out of work by the dullness of the times brought about by the blunder of the Minister whose ignorance in this respect amounted almost to the magnitude of a crime. I could, if it were necessary, go on for hours, but I am not here to impeach the Ministry, but to show how their errors may be amended. I will not dwell upon the awful blunders of the railway department: neither will I weary you with the oft-told tale of the harbors arrangements. You know, to your cost, how shipping lay idle in the harbor of Fremantle, unable to dis- charge the care;o on account of the gorged state of the jetties, goods sheds, and railway lines. I will, at this stage of my addre s, content myself with saying that if the Premier will listen to the combined voices of the goldfields party, and will deal fairly with the goldfields and the workmen upon it, he will not find me hostile ; but if he will not listen to the voice of reason, if he determines to sacrifice the fields to the avarice and interest of the coastline crowd, then all that a man can do I will do to shatter his power, and place another in office who will be just to us. But I will not enter Parliament with the fixed idea of being hostile to the Premier. I shall overlook the man in his measures, and if his measures are favourable to us what more can any reasonable man require. He badly wants educating as far as Coolgardie is concerned, and if elected, I will do all that lies in my power to educate him. If he selects any goldfields' man as Minister for Mines I will support that man to long as he proves himself faithful to his hustings pledges and true to the people. (Cheers.) Sir John Forrest told us, in his now historic speech at classic Bunbury, that he was neither a Freetrader nor a Protectionist, but a man who taxed the people of West Australia as he did last* year to the tune of ^200,000, was a pretty wholesouled Protectionist indeed, and Protection in a country like the one in which we are now living is a fallacy. Freetrade between the Australian colonies as a whole is what every, man who has the welfare of the Australian nation at heart should endorse. But we want protection against the pauper labor of the old world ; we want that in all the colonies. But everything that could not be grown or made within the limits of the Australian continent should be allowed to enter our ports free as the air we breathe. Everything that the masses of the people require, with very few exceptions, can be raised or manufactured in the Eastern colonies, and those things should come in duty free. The money to run the country should not be raised through the medium of the Custom duties, because the burden falls unjustly upon the working population and the small trading chsses^ and, therefoie, I am opposed to the West Australian Custom duties with all my heart and soul. Tax luxuries, because they who need them can well afford to pay for them, but place no unbearable burden upon the shoulders of the people. (Cheers.) Sir John has said that he is no Protectionist, and yet he taxes that which should, in my opinion, never be taxed. He taxes labor; he puts a tax upon the miners in the shape of an annual fee for a miner's right, and a miner or a prospector has to pay that tax before he can enjoy the poor privilege of working for his daily bread. No other class of the community is so taxed, the farmer hands do not have to take out a farm-hands' license, the clerk has not to pay a fee to the State before he can work for his living, the tradesman has not to pay blackmail to the State, then why should the working miner be singled out for such a purpose. If Sir John is not a Protectionist in the worst and most criminal sense of the term, why does he not remove the bar from the miner at once ? I am in favor of granting a miner's right free of all cost to any man who will go before a Warden and make an affidavit that he needs it. (Prolonged cheers.) No, gentlemen, I will not slavishly follow the Premier if you elect me as your representative. I will go into the House prepared to support him as long as he is worthy of support. If he keeps the pledges he made at Bunbury he has not left us much to ask for, and if you elect me I will do all that one man may do to keep him close to his promises. He has promised much to the farmers and he has promised much to us, and it rests with him to carry out in Parliament what he has pledged himself to on the hustings. And gentlemen it will not do for Sir John Forrest to come flirting with this electorate. He came here once before and told us that he intended to take Coolgardie, the golden-headed maiden of the west, to his ample bosom. (Laughter.) He said that he courted her for her virgin charms, not for her patrimony; but after the golden-headed damsel had dropped confidently into the outstretched arms of Sir John, he had not treated her too kindly, and that same goldenheaded maiden was not goiug to climb on to his knee again until she was quite certain that his intentions were liouorable (Laughter.) At present Sir John Forrest was making violent love to an old flame of his down by the sea coast, a wool and hay headed farmer's daughter, known as Mistress .Bunbury—(cheers and laughter)—and be had been apologising to her for flirting with the golden-headed girl out west. Sir John was like a good many other people—he was more at home an love than in marriage. (Laughter) I will briefly touch upon the alien labor question, gentlemen. Briefly, because I think that every man in this hall knows that the aliens have no more inveterate - enemy within the boundaries of this goldfield than myself. I have written against the employment and the introduction of Afghans and other alien races until I have exhausted the subject in all its phrases, and I challenge any man to turn up the columns of the newspaper I edit, and if it can be shown that I have ever published one line in that or any other paper in the interests of aliens, I will step down and make room for a more honorable man, for I hold, Sirs, that a man's utterances should be guaged by his actions. And it is not on the eve of an -election that I come before you and sfty that I am opposed to the alien. I am now, and always have been, in opposition to them. I am not -now going to refer to the actions of any other candidate in regard to the employment of Afghans. Every candidate will have to bear his own burden, and if any other man has been guilty of the despicable meanness of privately employing Afghans whilst publicly declaring that he was opposed to them that is a matter which you will have to decide when that man •comes before you. If you want a man in Parliament who has so far forgotten .himself it is optional with you to put iiim there, but if you elect such a man and he so legislates as to overrun the country with aliens blame yourselves and no other person, for the blame will lie on your own shoulders. But, gentlemen, I am not going to make any reference to the love that any other candidate has shown towards the Afghans. I am not going to draw your attention to any such misdeeds, (Laughter.) I am not here to act as public prosecutor to any one of my opponents. (Renewed laughter.) I am here to give you my opinions on the aliens and you now know them. I am in favor of a railway line from Coolgardie to Esperance Bay. Excuse me for eoing bluntly into my subject, but I have to crowd a lot of matter into so short a space of time that I will not be able to do more than let you know what I think of all the leading ques tions of the day, and to introduce a few of my own ideas that have not yet been touched upon by others. Esperance Bay is the natural port of these goldfield s, and it is monstrous that the present Ministry should attempt to overlook its claims for the sake of a few Perth and JYemantle merchants. I ask you, gentlemen, is it right that the whole of a mighty goldfield with its inexhaustable resources should be sacrificed to fill the insatiable mawj of a hungry crowd upon the coast line. If you return me to Parliament I will do my utmost to wring from the unwilling grasp of the present Ministry that concession which is only just to us and to Esperance Bay and Norseman. (Cheers.) • • 1 I am in favor, gentlemen, of the election of all mining inspectors. The people whom I would allow to vote at such election should be the mineowners and the miners, a miner's right to be the basis of voting power. I hold that the inspectors, who virtually have the control over mining properties and the lives of miners, should be in all cases elected by the people most interested. If such a system were adopted, only good and thoroughly able men would be selected by the people. It will, probably be, argued by the opponents of the scheme that it would lead to jobbery of all sorts, but the miners would not place theii lives in jeopardy by selecting men unfit for the office. The miners are not such a body of fools as their opponents would try to make out ; they are just as capable of judging what is right and what is wrong as any other body of men—cuff and collar or otherwise. I am in favor of granting electoral rights to all kinds and conditions of woikmen resident in towns on the fields, such electoral rights to cost not more than ten shillings per annum, the holder of such a right to be upon the same footing as any wealthy ratepayer, and to have the privilege of pegging out a quarter of an acre of ground as a residence area as long as there remained a quarter-acre unsecured in his distnet, so that every man may have a piece of land to call his own, and make a home for himself and his family. This may affect the land jobbers, but it is the best way to make people prosperous and happy. And that same right I would give to any miner on his miner's right, if he had to purchase his right as he does now. (Continued applause, with interruptions from a land dealer.) I am in favor of the principle of election by ballot in regard to wardens, I believe that the people are the best judges of what is right or wrong; and the people, not a mere minister, should decide who should hold such high offices. It might, and probably would be, argued that such elections would pave the way for great corruption. If so, then the same argument would apply to the election of members of Parliament, and to every other kind of elections. (Interruption from an indi vidual close up in front) I am not here to toady for your vote, sir, but to express ony own views. If you t'o not like them, vote for the man who suits you. < . There is another class of the community I would see elected by ballot, gentlemen. I conbider that the present system of appointing Justices of the Peace is a rotten one. How often do you see a Justice of the Peace selected from the ranks of the small but honest j.nd capable shopiceepers, and workmen?—Not often, gentlemen. As a rule they are eilher picked by the Minister for slavishly sticking to the clique in power, or else they are chosen because the Minister wants to\ bind them to his party by the bonds of gratitude. There are men on these fields holding the commission of the peace who are not fit to sit in judgment upon any citizen, and if elected, I will do mj best to bring about a different state of affairs. (Applause.) Now I come to one of the most important items in my programme. Gentlemen, I favor a Government grant, an annual grant of large dimensions to assist ths prospector. It was the prospector who opened up this field to make way for the miner, it was the prospector who opened up a path for the storekeeper, the merchant, the lawyer, and the newspaper man, and common gratitude and common decency should compel us to stand by the prospector. Without the prospector the country would be damned, for it is the prospector who is continualiy opening up fresh fields for labor and for enterprise; it is the prospector who by his fresh finds keeps outside interest in our mines up to boiling pitch whilst the old finds are being developed, and we must protect and assist him. I would so amend the present Mining Act that a prospector could hold by virtue of his miner's right up to 24 acres of ground free of all rent or other charge to the State for a period of six months. I am also in favor of the Government advancing to prospectors in outside districts, far from settled localities, certain sums of money to aid them to purchase machinery to develop their claims. The pospector to pay one half the cost of the machinery, and the Government the other half, the Government to have a lien upon the claim, and upon all gold taken out of the claim, until the money advanced for the machinery was refunded. And here, gentlemen, let me refer to another matter which had slipped my memory for the time being, I am in favor of the erection of Government batteries all over the fields, I would favor the erection of 100 head of stamps in Coolgardie and a lesser; number in all outside centres. At these batteries prospectors should be { aliowe^d .the privilege of crushing their rock at a post which should cover, the working expenses of the battery and allow a fair percentage for the wear and tear of the machinery. By this means I would encourage the prospectors, and we have a line to go upon from the Premier's speech at Bunbuiy. He has told us that he intends to aid the agriculturalist by all the means within his power. He is going to advance them money, and even states that perhaps the Government will turn to farming on its own account. If, therefore, Sir John will aid the farmer, he will be compelled, if he is consistent, to help the prospector, and by helping the prospector he must help the miner, for one is the forerunner of the other. (Applause and interruption from the irrepressible person in front of the hall.) Now for the wages question, gentlemen. I am aware that I am upon most delicate grounds. (The irrepressible person in front here shouted, Will you tell me something ?") The speaker : ifes, sir, I wilt ttll you that it is a hard and fast rule of mine never to throw good chaff to a bad donkey, or words of wisdom to a fool at a public meeting. (Yells of laughter, and collapse of the irrepressible one.) I am upon delicate gtounds in regard to the wages question, because I know that some folks will accuse me of pandtring to the mining vote. I want the mining vote ; I want ii solid ; but I am not pandering for it, I have written for years in this town, and in many o*hers, in favor of the miners getting good wages. But 1 want to make those wages secure; I want to make it impossible for such a thing as a strike to take place; I want to make it impossible for any clique of share jobbers to bring a^out a lockout which they will convert into a strike for the sake of rigging the market, and it can be done. I will, if you send me into Parliament, introduce a measure which will legalise the rate ©f miners' pay in every part of the field. The Govern ment is the landlord of all mining lands, and a clause can be inserted into each lease legalising the miners'payon a basis to be fixed by a conference of miners, mineowners, and tradespeople. This conference to decide what is to be the rate of wages to be paid to the miners, and the finding of the conference to become law for three years I'his will do away with aU fear of lock outs, fcr no lease owner dare attempt to lower the standard rate of wage, for by so doing the lease would be absolutely forfeited and revert to the Crown. It would do away with all thoughts of strikes, because the men would know the legal rate of pay and would abide by what their own delegates had de cided upon, for the men do not want striker, the storekeepers do not want strikes; it is the jobber who loves them. Such a measure would pro mote trade because the business people knowing that they were free from all fear of labor troubles would launch out boldly I have thought this ques tion out for ten years. I have looked for a solution of the everlasting troubles betveen labo< a«d capita] and, gentlemen, I believe I have found it, as far as mining fields are concerned, and, mark my words, you may not elect we to Parliament, you may not send me to Perth to introduce this measure, but as sure as you are before me to-night, that scheme, which I have submitted to you for your consideration, will yet become one of the fundamental laws of the land we live in. ( Prolonged applause.) The water question, gentlemen, is a "ghost" that has been raised for political and for speculative purposes. The Government water scheme to pump water from Guilford must have originated in the mind of a visionary. We do not want such wild ideas as that sprung upon us either m or out af Parliament. What we want are levelheaded schemes that come within the ran?e of practical politics, not toys to play with. That was one of the baubles Sir John Forrest had in his sleeve when he came wooing our golden headed girl, but the girl is a bit older now than when Sir John trotted out his waterwork^. (Lmghter.) We could get plenty of water by boiing for it, and as a matter of fact the Hampton Plains could, if required, supply enough water to run 500-bead of stamps in Coolgardie and not miss it. Now, gentlemen, I have kept the great question for the last as I do not intend to deal with any other subjects to-night. I have touched upon many things, but I do not want, in this my maiden speech, to give all my ideas to the men who are to come after me. It is always good policy to keep a little up one's sleeve* so that as soon as I have dealt with the great question of the day—the manning of the leases— (cheers) I will stand ready to answer any questions you may desire to ask me. I am not in favor of altering the labor clauses of the Mining Act so as to lessen the labor obligations. 1 will allow a prospector to hold 24 acres for six months on his miner's ii^ht, but after that he must man his lease or abandon it, and allow some other man to hold it. As soon as a company is floated it must be worked to the utmost extent of the mining laws or be forfeited. I will not be a party to any legislation that will allow men to shepherd leases in idleness for speculation purposes. If a claim is not worth manning to the extent of one man to the three acres, then it is a " wild cat" amongst " wild cats " and the sooner it is branded as such the better for the country, the better for the mining industry, and the better for you. Gentlemen, I will not say more upon this subject to.nigi t. I want my opinion upon this subject to stand out in ail its rugged nakedness and will not. cover it with ustless words, for by it and with it I will stand or fall. The candidate then resumed hisseat amidst a round of applause. In reply to question?, the candidate said that he was in favor of opening up the coalfields as well as any other mineral field in the colony, lie was in favor of the 1 ith clause being amended, so that tegistration of transfers and leases could be made on the goldfields. He was also in favor of cheap law being brought within the reach of any one. He favored 1 aving diamond drills employed at different centres of the goldfields. He would not tax the camel, but the driver, if he were an Afghan, and the man who employed him, and he believed in payment of members. (Applause.) Mr. W. Kerr moved, and Mr. DuA stan seconded, a vote of confidence iri the candidate, and this was carried withV only two dissentients amidst applause. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the business. 