Happing^ On A Fen Farm. Tn Jick Fen—flo we read in the "Peterborough Avertiser"— a Ramsey magistrate has a farm, at the extremity of which, far awav from any other hnilditagn, live a horsekeeper named Kowtnan, his Wife, and a bed-ridden daughter. "The cottage is a typical fen shanty of wood and thatch,-and. adjniningitifl iL- siinilar'+eoement, occupied by th& farm foreman, ^Levitt and his ^ife., Mis8 llowthae, who is eighteen ye&rslft;' age, find has been confined to her bed for nearly twelve months, slept in a room near the thatch her bedstead resting against the gable end of the rdof, On ^Monday week, at midnightvgentlerapplings against her bed were heard, and as the wallsare wooden tjhe noise was more apparent. At first the sounds came in sequences of three ^r four, .increasing to six and sevefi at a time, and growing louder they proceeded. Then they ceased for a spacp.and recommenced more vigorously until they were beard by the nextdoor neighbours—according to one report, at a farmhouse 500 yds off. The mother and father, at. test in the same, were also alarmed, but for a time did nothing, thinking the manifestations woule ceare. These instead increase J until the "ghjsts/'.as ' » * if angered at being pooh-pnolied, be came so noisy as almost to threaten a terrific crash. iNothih* was to be seen though it was clear and starlight, and the disturbances continued to ring out across the ferns. Tlie rappings recurred at intervals until the advent of dawn seemed to drive the malicious "spirits" before it. On the following night, 4liough ata diffent time, a repetition of the phenomena occurred. , Meanwhile, the inmates *vho- had suffered the mysterious affair in silence had.determined upon decisive action. On the third night the father, taking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but Tappings against the gable were renewod more vigorously than ever. Search parties were organised, but every one remained baffled. The countryside beg^n to talk of the mystery, Mid watch parties assembled in the cottages until morning. No timid ghost was tM Sj f or the pulsations continued whilst ej«js Were fixed on the spot upon vrhich the invisible blows were given. Th* landlord's estate bailiff, together with a Danion took pains to keep vigil in the haunted house, from midnight till three. The noises were repeated with the greatest freedom. He drove back to Ramsey at three in the morning, admitting that he wsa baffled even in the cleverest of the theories he had in his own mind conjured up to account for the mystery. Hundreds of people have visited tlie place, and solicitors, merchants, farm ers and others from the surrounding district hare made critical examinatou of the house. The girl has beep removed into the adjoining housp, where the rappings are not so audible nor so frequent. 