HE. D. STOREY, M.L.A., ON THE PUBLIC FINANCES. In Committee of Ways and Means on Wednes day last Mr. Storey, M.L.A. for Raudwick, spoke at some length ou the finances of tha country and the Government policy. An abridged report of his speeoh is given below : — Mr. Stobet said : I would prefer to start my criticism from Juno 30, 1896, when the Colonial Treasurer announced that famous surplus of .£333,000. It is almost lmpos nible for any hon. member to understand the accounts as placed before the House in the past, and it ib even now difficult to understand them. The accounts are so mixed up that, without reflecting iu the slightest degree upon the Colonial Treasurer, it appears to me ho will have to carry his cash system a little further and place a .balance-sheet before the country showing, its total indebtedness as simply apd plainly as possible before we can get at our aotual' position. I find, on looking at page 102 of Ways and Means, that the public indebtedness of this country stands at .£61,571, 000. The trust account amounts to ^89,529,000, making i- these two supis together amount to ^871,100,000. The cash balance to the credit of the Govern ment in the banks amounts to ^81,934,000. Deducting that ^81,934,000 from tho ^871,100,000, the public indebtedness on June 30 last was ^£69^166, 000. It is only right to say that .£9,529,000 of trust funds is repre sented by what may bo looked upon as liquid securities in the shapa of Treasury bills and funded stock to the amount of .£5,360,000. I contend that my right hon. friend, in addition to this improved cash system of keeping the current expenses of the year, should have also submitted a plaiu statement showing the liabilities of the country. My right hon. friend lias not quite completed tho cash system. If he leaves that iu its present state the second way will be worse than the old way. I should like tho Treasurer to furnish a schedule whioh will contain all the unliquidated liabilities in oouuection witli the current expenses of tho year. All interest upou the public debt of the country accrued up to June 30, but not paid, and all salaries of Civil Servants accrued up to June 30, but not paid. Hon. members know that tho Colonial Treasurer stated tho expenditure was .£9,505,000, and the income from all sources .£9,292,000 — leaving a deficiency of .£213,000. That is olearlyi admitted by the Colonial Treasurer himself.' Of course, wheii ho adds the surplus which be carried forward, he has upon last year a surplus of .£120, 000. I think he should add that surplus to his income, becauso he paid .£267,000 iu liquidation of the existing publio debt of this country aud other sums totalling over .£300,000. I therefore thiuk he was warranted iu claiming a surplus of .£333,000. There may be au honest difference of opiuion as to how much it is right for the country to borrow for tho construction of works only partially reproductive — but still a benefit to the people of to-day, and a continuing benefit for a given number of years. We are nofc compelled by reason or by a jusfc regard for the people who come after us to overtax ourselves now so as to provide 'a paradise for them. Much exception cannot bo taken to an in crease of the probate duties where largo sums are involved, especially when wo consider that probate duties are double in the other colonies what they are here. Bufc where small sums are leffc behind the duties ought: nofc to be increased. I would raise the exemption to .£500 or .£1000. If the Colonial Treasurer wants increased taxation he should do away with the exemption under . the laud tax. I wish to refer to the administration of 'the Publio Servioo Board. In some instances groat hardship has occurred iu connection with their action in regard to temporary employd3. Tho Publio Servioo Act clearly states that the Governor shall, upon tho recommendation of the Public Service Board, grant to every man who is retired from the temporary service of the country through no fault of his own a gratuity equal to a fort night's pay for every year of service, and Parliament intended that that provision of the Act should bo carried out to the fullest extent. But' the Public Service Board are, in many cases, not administering the Act iu this way. I may refer 'to what ought to be the duties of an -Agent-General. What is wanted in London is a gentleman who will, by writing to the Press, by delivering speeches in the loading centres of population, bring to this country the proper class of immigrants, mon who will be attracted here by tho facilities offered thom to settle upon tho land. ..We want an Agent-General who will properly represent New South Wales in that respect, and the Government ought not to make the appointment a politioal one. I should lilco to refer to a matter hinted at by the Treasuror, and that was the probability of a reform of the Legislative Council. I do not look with much favor upon anything which, at tha present juncture, would oroate unrest or political strife, or that would interfere with tho industry or trade of the country. Wo do not want any immediate tinkering with the tariff. We want the public affairs to be administered in an honest and straight forward way. Tho existing Government have done this ever since they have been iu office. Though I may differ from them in some minor details, I credit them with honestly carrying on the affairs of the country. . We have afc the present time an enligh tened policy. Under it tho production of wheat and other cereals has increased. Under it manufacturers are elnploying more men. Therefore, we want the present en lightened policy to remain; and my lion, friends opposite have not the ghost of a show of altoring that policy.* 