PEDLAR'S PACK. [Br AÜTOLYCUS.] INTEREST in the Federal Convention has almost died out since the committees started work in private, and nothing was left for the army of reporters to do but wait around and receive gratefully the scraps of informa- tion grudgingly doled out to them by the Chairmen of Committees. This goes to prove how largely excitement over any mutter is now-a-daya press-manufactured; and the wonder is how on earth our ances- tors got on without their daily newspapers ! | Yet they managed to do many great things ; and the fédéralisation of the United States I of America was accomplished much more i quickly than seems likely to be the case ! with the Australian colo aies. It is true that there was a more pressing cause for speedy federation than in our own case ; yet the obstacles and jealousies at first seemed insur- mountable, and were only overcome by the noble efforts and indomitable perseverance of Washington and the other great men who laid the foundations of the American Com- monwealth. How small and petty beside the massive figure of " the Cincinattus of the West" appear the petty provincial politicians who predominate in the Conven j tion which is now endeavoring to found the future Commonwealth of Australia. . * i . The slow progress made by the committees ¡ renders it certain that the work of thc Con- vention will be prolonged until after Easter ; and this will leave the Premiers very little time to arrange for their visits to England for the Record Reign celebrations. Mr. Reid, unlike the other Premiers, has committed himself to meeting Parliament in a special session, which is faxed to epen on the 27th instant, before leaving. He was almost compelled to this course through his action on the occasion of Sir G. R. Dibbs' departure for England without consulting Parliament ; but it promises to be very inconvenient. The Opposition is preparing to make it warm for him, and will strenu- ously object to shutting up Parliament and suspending legislation while Mr. Reid is away- which indeed seems unnecessary, unless we are to regard the other members of the Cabinet as so many incapables. There I is plenty of work to be got through ; and members, who will be drawing their salarie; all the time, might as well be doing some- thing to earn thom. In addition, there is likely to be trouble over the vote of £500, I whioh is proposed for Mr. Reid's incidental expenses, in view of the manner in whict I Sir G. R. Dibbs was treated about thal £1000. * * There have been a great many suggestion) as to th« best way of commemorating thi Record Reign-some few good, manj foolish, but most of them indifferent Amongst the silliest is perhaps that of Mis Frances Power Cobbe, who wrote to Th Times suggestiug that the occasion should bi commemorated by conferring on her Majest; the title of Victoria the Great." Apar from the fact that ouly posterity cai effectually confer such a title and not th present generation, there are many objec tions to the proposal. Miss Cobbs hersel indicates one of these when she saj that she can emly Sad a single femal ruler in history (Catherine IL ( Russia) who has had the epithet of Gres appended to her name. Very few of he Majesty's admirers would like to see her pi in rho same category with the Muscovil Empress, who has achieved a reputatic somewhat akin to that of Faustine in ti domain of morals. Tho;r desire is that tl Queen ifould be given the epithet i "Good," which has been (as many thir nest mistakenly) bestowed on her pr deoMaor,' -Queen Elizabeth, whose ghost \ reported to have been recently walking about Windsor Castle-doubtless to keep an eye on the preparations for the Record Reign celebrations. Anyway, it is not by their own inherent goodness or greatness that either Elizabeth or Victoria will be remembered, but by the great achievements of the ages in which they lived and reigned ; aud the Victorian era will rival "the spacious time pf gnat Elizabeth" in the records of history. . V Of all the Australian Premiers Mr. King- ston will probably be the moat prominent figure at tko Record Reign celebrations As President «f the Federal Convention, he is to present to ker Majesty the address on the occasion which is to be adopted by the Convention before it adjourns, and that ought to carry with it at least a baroaetcy, if the South Australian Premier is willing to have " salt put on his tail" and be confined in the imperial bird-cage. None of the common or garden variety of decorations, which will doubtless be lavishly bestowed on the other colonial Premiers, should snit the man or the occasion. But what will the democrats of South Australia think if Mr. Kingston should join the ranks of the aristocracy by accepting a title ! 1 am afraid that " Charlie" would no longer be the darling"- the bold buccaneer who has carried fire and sword int* the Conservative camp and made the doctors feel unwelL {Did not a ^corres- pondent of the Register make out not long ago that the Premier is in reality a Con- servative, and was placed at the head of the Federal Convention poll by the Conservative vote? But for all that, if he comes back with a big title it will be a bitter pill for the doctors and the Register to swallow. * * The "Jaynial" Das O'Connor was in good form at the banquet given to celebrate the opening of the Moree-Narrabri railway, and delivered himself of a formidable philippic against the Public Service Board. Some of Dan's friends have perhaps bad the ruthless hands of tine Commissioners laid heavily upon them ; and he consequently thinks now that the passing of the Act was a mistake, and th»t " the day is not tar distant when it will be absolutely necessary for the Government to bring in a bill to amend it." If Mr. O'Connor's assertion is true, that the Commissioners possess the power which the Government does n»t-that of dismissing a public servant without notice or reasoa assigned-the Act does certainly require amendment ; but, as far as my recollection serves, they do not possess any such power. Certainly if such power is conferred, it was not the intention of Parliament, and must have crept into the measure through one of those technical omissions or defects which are only discovered after an Act has been in operation for some time. Mr. O'Connor's contention is that the right of appeal only applies to the reduction of salaries and not to dismissals. It may be so ; but if it is, the defect admits of easy remedy, and does not afford sufficient ground for the wholesale condemnation of a measure whose operation is generally regarded as beneficial. * * In addition t* its share in the Eastern trouble, the British Government seems likely to become involved in further complications in fcouth Africa shortly. The Eloff incident is significant as following so quickly upon the objections raised to President Kruger's reference to Queen Victoria, at the bauquet in the Orange Free State, as "a difficult woman to deal with." The President dis- claimed any idea of any offensive intention ; and mo3t sensible people will, I think, fail to see why the word " woman," used in this way, should be considered derogatory to her Majesty. But the action of the President's nephew in shortly afterwards using language which was undoubtedly insulting respecting the Queen, and which the Transvaal authori- ties have been obliged to take official notice of, w*uld seem to indicate that there was something in the President's words after all The landing of war material at Delagoa Bay, the attempt to form an alliance with the Orange Free State, the preposterous Rand raid indemnity claim, and the report that the British Government is prepared, in the event of war, to send an army corps to the Cape under the command of General Buller, are likewise indie »tiona of a renewal of the trouble with the Transvaal. 