CHAPTER XVIII. CROSS. PURPOSES. In all eases where litigation becomes necessary, it is, pleasanter to be ulain tiff than defendant. You ta.ke a much higher ground;; for though the plain tiff often, loses, he shows by his posi tion of assailant that he believes him self right, else he would not have ad vanced to the front. Cyrus Gage quitted St. George's fully resolved upon war-- w'ar both against Lord Traves and Adel'a, for so she had willed 4t by becoming his wife; but the great exertion of his hurried jonurney to. town, and all thls agitation thence ensuing, had so, completely beaten him for a while-just risen, as he had done, from. feve-r--that he felt it perfeetly useless, to .try to collect his th,:u-ghts sufficiently to, decide upon his future plans; consequently, from St. George's he drovel to h?is hotel, and thence to Padddington. The even'n .wlc n him once more domiciled at his friend Hampton's, near Maidenhead. His valet remained be hind until evening, and then bro-ucht .down the intelligenc?-to acquire which he hasd stayed in town-t!hht the mar-. niage had been, solemnised between Vis count Tra~ves and Miss Letchirngton, and the pair had started at four o'clock from Victoria for Paris. Not a comment passed Cyrus's lips. Even his friend Hampton had no cvn ceptrion of what had taken him, to town "Some confcuneded woman!" he said to Cyrus, when he saw htl:s haggard face and feeble steps. "i hate them, all; tshey're always getting a fellow into trouble." This much given, vent to, he set about rous4ng -his friend, mentally and bcodily, to a healthier state. All Cyrus's efforts, too, tended to the same end; for his felt it would only weaken, the cause he had at heart to prosecute, to attempt it now he had neither nerve nor strength to fight. A fortnight passed, when one morn ing his own lawyer was announced. "Capital !" exclaimed Cyrus; "the very man I was longing to see and go ing to write to. Good morning, Mat teza'on," he said, entering the room where sat his legal friend. "Have you been ill, too?" he continued, eyeing the other as he spoke. "You look as if you had seen a ghost. Perhaps it is the reflection of my cadtaRereous face." He glanced in a mirror as he spoke. "Well, Mr. Gage, I have some very serious business on hand which harasses me." "Sorry for you, Maitteson; but it is strange you should come to me, I suppose something -brings you to this place, for I 'was going to write this very day, and ask you to call about a most unpleasant 'affair-to me, most painful." "Then you have heard of It? I am very- glad I am, not the first to an nounce it." "Why, how do you, or any one but those immediately concerned, know anything about it?" asked Cyrus, in amaz~anent. "Oh, I received -intimation of it as your legal adviser! I called upon Dr. S-, too, before coming down to see you. I deemed it better. Now tell me what the absurd but terrible charge has arisen out of. We must prepare our defences." "Prepare our defences?" echoed Cyrus, opening his eyes. "Our ac cusat'.cns and proofs, rather, you shlould say. For I tell you," he con tinued, in an excited tone, "the proofs are incontrovertible. Fool that he was to force me to produce them! Fool -arch-foal! To think I would submit to her daring falsehoods, and his dis honourable fraud and duplicity! They don't know me-they don't know me!" As he spoke, Cyrus paced the room in a state of wild excitement, while Msa.tteson -stood gazing at him with pro found astonishment, mingled with a sort of fear. Exhausted by his agita tion, Cyrus at length dropped on a seat, pale and trembling. Matteson approached, and laying a hand on his shoulder, said, with. earnest feeling "For mercey's sake becalm! Don't give way to excitement. You will ruin yourself. You know I am your friend; you can e.mnfide in me. What does it all mean? What has given rise to this mo=t false, I know, but dreadful charge?" "False, dreadful charge? Why, Mat teson, you call yourself my friend, and tirrm them so? I tell you I can prove -prove, man-all that I advance. Can and will." "You? But ihe? Why, lihe it is who has the proofs in hand .and witnesses, he says. If you were seen by them (your accusers) as I saw you just now, you would give them a nice hold oa you, I think." (To be continued itn our next.) 