IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement with Ifessrs. Ward. Loch Oo„ Ltd. [ALL EIGHTS RESERVES.] CHAPTER III—(Continued). By the Popular Authoress, TVingate was about to leave the lodge, when Mrs Bowe, the keeper's mother, having risen from bed and dressed in haste, ill order to find out what was doing at this honr of the night, entered the parlour, curtsied, looked from one to another with 6n expectant smile, and then caught sight of the coil of rope and pounced upon it. " Why, if thi3 ain't the clothes line that wns stole last night!" she ejaculated, with round eyes and uplifted hands. ~ Why, Abel, wherever did you find it ?" " This gentlemanfound it, mother, in the garden at The Chase." » Lor! Bight away up there! "Whatever " ... ""WAS i: v"uie r' 'lirctpoz^u \ViiiF; .. \- N'.j. f;i, .ho liis Mr.ti»ekeop2r j bo-^'-r. i; ni" la--;', v - ji,uli'i the very first j i.•• • : it jr .stele. Strange | .. -:„-, RBO I'TII"' '.."• VMS hhcging on it— | • . ». in Wri clothes out all night—was i-ic on the grass, and only the line took," " Only the line was required," said Billy «• But how do you know it is the same ?" " Because there wasn't another new clothes line in the place." *' I suppose rope is used for other purposes. Probably this was brought to The Chose from quite another direction." " And to The Chase, of all places!" She desired ardently to enter upon a long discussion, covering the matter of the ghost, but sudden reticence had fallen upon the visitor. He affected surprise to find that it was near upon midnight, and concern that his wife was so late np after a journey, And took a hasty leave, carrying his rope with him. As soon as they were both upon the highroad, out of ear-shot of the lodge, he said to his wife, solemnly— " Nettie, either that fellow is in league with the burglars, or Adelaide Balcombe has some game on hand. One or the other." "Then it must be Adelaide Balcombe," said Nettie, " for X am convinced that Abel Bowe is as'honest as the day." " How are you convinced ?" her husband asked. " By the look in his face-r-the way be speaks—everything." " Woman's instinct!" laughed Billy. " Now I think his manner most suspicious: his disinclination to have the matter inquired into—his preposterous suggestion that the candle-man is a ghost-^evetything, as you would say.. But things look black against -the rector's house too. We will interview Mrs George Desailly tomorrow morning, and get 'particulars concerning the larceny of the clothes line. I'm awfully carious to see-her, apart from that. I wonder how she'll receive me, and what she looks like now ? She was uncommonly pretty as a girl, in her white- Cat style. And I'll make her tell that story about Lexie before Fve done—and watch how she does it. I can't get it out of my mind somehow that it's all a pack of lies." " Bat what then, BUly ?" " Oh, God -knows! I believe she was enticed away by that foreign fellow—on some charitable errand pe-haps — and murdered for the necklace. That, to me, is fir more likely than the other thing. And they never seem to have thought of St! Fancy, never thinking of it, and aorcr lifting a Hand or taking a step to find her!" " 1 suppose they had more reason than you know of," suggested Nettie, saying to iereelf, with an inward sigh, " How he 4arps upon that woman! How impossible he thinks it for her to have done wrong!". They found Mrs Venn's door-key tinder the mat, and slipped through the house to bed, and tried to sleep. Nettie succeeded, for she was only twenty-two and her heart V7as at rest—she did not seriously concern herself about her handsome husband's past; Billy declared in the morning that the f atber mattress had defeated him, and that if they stayed another "night in that place he shonld sleep on the Hoor. He took a nip of whisky before breakfast, to clear his brain of morbid thougbte that' had haunted him through "the dark hours.! Their buggy having no seat for a servant,'- and the English-feeling morning—a mixture of delicate mist and sunshine— being more inviting than usual, they - agreed to do their errands to the rectory and the agenfs house on foot. And they set forth early, without confiding their business or late experiences to their garrulous landlady, Wingate being still under the impression that a police case impended in which anybody might be in- - volved. Their first call was upon the interesting.- Geraldine Balcombe that was, and Wingate was almoBt certain that lie saw her face at an upper window as they passed through the well-remembered garden, where the beech tree under which -she used to make afternoon tea was beginning to; turn yellow, and the myriad chrysanthemum buds opening into bloom. Great, therefore, was their disappointment when the genial rector, who received them in his study, presently intimated that she was two unwell to come downstairs. His mention of the fact that she had seen the linen taken from the lost line, when gazing, at the moon from her bedroom 'window— unfortunately -assuming that it was the housekeeper who, for fear of thieves, was bringing it indoors—saved Wingate the awkwardness of introducing her name, and gave him his opportunity to explain that she was an old friend. His touching account of his intimacy with her and her family in .past years—of how he had been a gueet in this very house, treated like a son. and how interesting he found it to return to the old -scenes and revive the happy memories connected therewith—i caused Mr Martin to sends message to Mrs Desailly, with the expectation that -she would make a special effortin response} bub Kar answer, long delayed, was that she begged Mr Wingate would excuse her, and the report of the servant to the fact that the lady had had a kind of fainting fit at the moment of Wring his name. Wingate expressed his sorrow-for this of things, looking becomingly-grave, t revealing a certain elation at the back of his gravity to Nettie's watchful eye. His air of sympathy and his claim to old friendship had the anticipated result of drawing confidences from Mr. Martin which he would not have reposed in a stranger. " I daresay," said he, " you are aware of the tad disaensionsin the Desailly family?". Wingate said he was. implying a complete knowledge of all their affairs. "She suffers terribly," the rectorcontinued, shaking his head; " more than Sir Walter can have any idea of, or he would never treat her so inhumanly .as he does.'" •' "1 cannot realise -lus character, as yon and others paint it," eaid Wingate. " I was his chosen eomrade for years when "we were both young men, and never knew a binder-hearted fellow. He'annst .liave greatly changed." " He has, evidently. To hound a poor, weak woman into her grave sr tha inadhouse—no man worthy of theiame of iuan, let alone a gentleman, and oneiwith a-fcind heart, could stoop to such cowardly, such uilamous conduct." . The warmth jrithswhich Siis speechwas •delivered suggested to SKWate thai the fascinating Gt&aAdhie;' 'had inot yet outi r i e n d c o m d , ^ . ^ . ^ ^ changed. Then most be' some misunderstanding somewhere. Possiblyyonarenot acquainted with till the circumstances." . *' Pardon me. lbs Desailly has herself"^ done me the . honor to confide thewhole matter to me, without reserve." I. see," , murmured Billy, -with another look at his wife; iriio sat out of the discuBsion as faras her host's politeness allowed. "And I have theevidence of my own eyes, Mr Wingate—of her terrible -state of health, the. restilt of these constant trials. They have sopreyed upon a highly nervous constitution that the brain 'seems to .have become incapable of rest. She is a martyr to insomnia ihits 'most acpte form." " I am really awfully sorry to hear it, remarked Wingate, in' a commiserating tone, and with ali bis witB on the alert. " Yes. Sbehia taken to -walking in her sleep—when slie does sleep—whioh greatly alarms me. - And one doesn't know what to do in such a case, especially in my situation. I am afraid to lock her in, lest she should fall out of the window or have ian accident with the candle. -She naturally objects to have a servant with her at night, and opiates she has a horror of—so have I. I have known the habit of taking morphia to entirely destroy all moral principle and self-restraint. -would' rather any one belonging to at poison himself outright than take a single dose of it." " Ton have really proved the somnambulism ? " "Wingate queried gently. ' 3<-y«nd a doubt. I met her on the rc ad a few ai Ago, hours after she had retired to Jjeo.—1 was from mine to attend a d> in;- parishii-ier—and she told me she hod. ue idea how "lie got there. It is £ uwt s-ri-rds »yrcpK"n in her case, have-cried to impress tfcis upon ner,-and to persuade her to seek medical advice." " And won't she? " " She wishes to gi^e herself a fair trial of the conn try first. She thinkB her native air and thepeace^and quiet of her present life are .doing her good, and will soon restore heraltogether. Iam bound to say Idon't. I think the disorganisation of the nervous system increases -daily. "Indeed, if her husband does sot come very soon,'I must send forhim, or else for a good doctor, for my own satisfaction." " Does she expect her husband soon ? " " Any day. But' he is rather an erratic person, as perhaps .you know. I proposed to fetch her daughter to keep her company, but shevrojift hearof it. She-thinks it bad for a chad' to be shut np :with. a nervous invalid. 'Perhaps it is. • But I am sure it is advisable to have some one to stay with her. It would relieve me of much responsibility, and keep -her from brooding and fretting BO much." " I should insist upon-if-said Wingate, "if I were you. By.-flie way,you don't think she may have ' taken the clothes line - herself, when walking in her sleep? " " Oh,no; icertainlynot. She wasawake and looking from jthe window when she saw the thief, and -that was one of her better nights. JBnt'last night she must have been out again. We did not hear her moving, but my housekeeper says'there is no doubt about, it!'. She judges by the state of her clothes and shoes. And she seems this morning to be prostrate -with exhaustion, though ehe stayed in the house all yesterday." " f shonld certainly get a doctor at once," said Wingate, rising, "and make him insist on her being watched at night. Tour housekeeper looks a lady-like person; Mrs Desailly could not object to her haying a bed in her room,under the circumstances. But the best thing, of course, would be to send for .her husband to come and take her home." "I cannot be inhospitable,"..the poor rector faltered, "if-'the change of air Is really doing her any good: But—well. l must talk matters over with ; her when she' gets up." "And pray command lite, if I can:be.of any use," said Wingate. "As an old. friend, you know ' ",. Oh, thank, you^. thank you! Where are you staying? Wonlybnitake lunch: with me ? Pray do—-you and Mrs "Wingate—and perhaps. "Mra Desailly might then be well enough to come down. She will be deeply diaappointed, I .am .sure, to miss seeing you. - Eveiything connecfced with her happy girlhoodso intensely in-; teresting to her. . "And I should like-toshow you theicborchand the improvements t have made. Ton will find things looking very different to whatthey were in poor old Balcombe's time." The visitors pleaded the pressing nature of their business with the squire's agent, which turned the conversation upon the bmglars, the ghost, and contingent matters, delaying their departure for another half-hour. Bat engagements were entered into for an exchange of hospitalities when : convenient, while the rector walked -with them +o his garden gate/gathering flowers for Nettie by the - way ;:;and -before separating -cordial offers of 'assistance in their mepective -diffienltieB -were (provisionally acceptedon both-sides; I-AB -Wingate shook hands with his ineiKjriend, promising to call again later to report ^progress in the affair of the.Tope,'Iie|aw a face in an upper window, peeping from behind -a blind. While he tried'to draw- Nettie*«itfcention to it, it disappeared. : " But I know that jn»fi]e, ,, .heBairi,'when they were againTiponitheTOad, - and teee the whole thing as clear as day.. It isn't burglars—-it's some figbt going on between Walter andiier—I should -imagine -for the possession of, -something --he's fgot locked up at The Chase.". Compromising documents, perhaps. Well, though it doesn'tseem exactly.chivalroua, and though [idon't. owe him any-service, :but quite the -contrary, I am going to .ba .on Walter's side. And we'll stop here, Nettie, if you have no «bjection, till we get .through with the affair." Oh, I have no objection," oried Nettie, heartily; " far from jt! X wouldn't go away now for 'fifty pounds. . I never was so interested in anything inall my life." dhaWBE SEW. THE HONEGT TRUTH. Mr Blackett v&e; rtont-snd elderly and a good deal crippled-$y. < rheumatism, but ie had young. fceenseyes, deep Bet nnder intellactnul brows, and with those eyes received Wingate-as at the murzle of a double-barrelled gnn.:.The boyishfaceof twenty fears ago wasjiowjean and tanned,- maturely dignified, wearing a slightly grizzled moustache and beard that had formerly been absent from it; but the agent—who had been the'agent for more than twenty yeans, and deserved his reputation for an almost -miraculous sharpsightedness—instantly knew it for the same, though lie lutd jonly seen it once. Wlien the name belonging to it was announced to him, be concentrated upon the visitor a steely gaze (Hiat -ires -unpleasant anddisconoertinjgr. Though Wingate gave himself no airs, it nettled him .to be looked; atinthis way; heconBejuently -remained standing, and stated .his errand in the briefest terms.NettiBmeanwhile lingering near the door, glancingat bookshelves and affecting not to listen.. The rude master' of the" house. did JMit xiBe from his armchair, ,but it preeenHy aplieared that lie •could only do BO .with difficnlty, owyig to physical ailments.' \ ' The story of the^tope, thejsandle in the window, and the visible 6gore of -the supposed bniglar 'was to1<[. again, but the information gathered -et Lthe : rectory was withheld. Wingate-eaid'lie thought itiiis dpty to report whatjbe had .seen ; he also, desired to aeaiet in -the ^eaxch -"which -he presumed would immediately be set on foot to discaver -whatvasiiixnig^'.. . Ton may .notljbe «j?are/' he -said stiffly," that t'-amSSn^ld fiiend of-Sir SmtsraesaiUs's?'.:^/ - , ,«. J^ 'JBlackett isplWthatr'he JJTBS quite awairtiof it, stfflparifBixingaie'viBitor with steadfast, stedy-jpyBB. ^ 4 .. ,' • ^ji remember yoiir 5poniing 3iere, s l& Wjngate, rather mpji"£iban twenty yeBiE " ifcjiot?— have no recolleotion -of having seen yon before." •• I was Sir Thomas's agent, in succession -to my father," said the -old man,. " I was cognisant, sir, of all the family affairs." The family affairs, I hear, took a sad turn after I left," remarked Wingate. Mr Blackett did not answer, but stared more strangely -than before. Wingate thought the look referred to the elopement, and added, with warmth: " But I, for one, refuse to believe that Mrs Walter Desailly was to blame. -X knew .her well, and never knew a better woman—a perfect 35nglish lady, if ever there was one, in spite of her people being shop-keepers. The circumstance may be as they have been described to me, but £ am convinced that the popular theory is a wrong one." The agent seemed much agitated by this reference to the great scandal. Twice-he opened his mouth to speak, and shut it without doing so; the gnarleid hand on his writing table closed and unclosed sharply; he drew his brows together j his -eyes flashed upon . Nettie's pretty figure, whioh had not yet been invited to rest itself. •'"Ton are married to tins lady?" he' jerked out. Wingate bowed, while he wondered if it were not bis duty to feel insulted by the question on her behalf. " I must apologise for asking it," the old man continued, with a tremble in his voice, ** but will ehe mind leaving us for a short time ? There BM some important matters —the drawing-room is just across the hall —I think my wife is at home *' Hie hoisted himself with difficulty ont of .his chair to reach a bell button, but before 'he could get at it, and before Wingate could explain that Mrs Wingate had an equal interest with him inthe proceedings, the lady had disappeared. " I will wait for you on the road, Billy," said she, with fiery cheeks and an icy smile, and next minute -was out of the House and marching along the highway in wrath. " If these are your English manners," she intended-to -say-to Billy -when she saw him again, "give me Australia." For it seemed to her'that he was'toomuch in the habit of glorifying fingland'and its institutions (including its women) at the expense of his own'country. She had promised to wait.for him on the road, and did so for nearly three-quarters of an hour, learning every hedgerow leaf and e^ery blade of wayside grass by heart, exhausting all the charms of the harvest landscape. But when the little watch pinned to the breast of her neat tweed cat, as also an inward monitor of equal infallibility, informed her that it .was one o'clock and lunch time, she decided to leave Jhim to his devices. Donbtless he and that rude old man were so absorbed in their reminiscences of the incomparable Mrs Walter as to forget that a mere everyday young woman with on appetite existed. She returned to the inn, ordered the cutlets to be served and the bottle of Bass opened, and sat down to begin her meal alone—for the first time since she had been Billy's wife. " I really could not wait any longer," she called out, when the sitting-room door opened to admit the laggard. But a glance at her husband's face caused her voice to change its note. " Oh, my dear boy! what is the matter with you ?" Instead of falling upon the beer and cutlets, Billy fell in a headlong -fashion upon the horsehair sofa, planted hi6 elbows on his knees, dropped.his -face in his hands; and sobbed audibly—one sob only—no more, but >enough to .pierce her heart. She was instantly -beside -hiia,-trying.to epan, his huge back -with her .little aim, -to -pull this strong fingers from their tight clasp upon his brow. ^Darling! darling! Tell me! Tell your Nettie ! What , is it, preoious one?" •She oooed like - a courting -turtle-dove, pressing her cheek tolhis shoulder and his ear. - "Oh, Nettie, I have had a Wow! I have had an awful shock!" he-groaned, with a long up-drawing of the breath. "A boltbom the blue, and no mistake 1" He raised himself and looked at her, with something wild in his eyes. " Who do you think the foreigner was, Nettie ?" •'•'. The—the man she el-—" -"•He —me!" he buret out in the grammar of strong emotion. "They actually believed that she ran away with ME !" And called you a foreigner ?" cried Nettie. "What cheek! Just like these ignorant English people 1 AB if we were not just as much English as they are!" \- "Butdon't you see, child?. They have been supposing we went away together, because it seems we were missed at the same time. That cursed talk about foreigners has been putting me off the scent; but I might have known—I did know— that Geraldine'e tale was a pack of lies—of apiece with her tale of how she saw the linen taken off the clothes line. It was she who eworeshehad seen us sneaking away together, and made WalterJjelieve it —when no one knows better how I went than she does, for -ehe accompanied me: part of the way. • Oh, that little devil is at the bottom of at "all!" But where, then " Ah, t af s the point! -that's the point! -That's the awful-part of it! If lexie didn't elope with me—as certainly she didn't, and no other man has been .mentioned in the case—what, in the name of God, did become of her P" He struck hiB inee with a clenched,fist. -",Bnt I'll find out/Nettie; I'll find out, if I take yeara ^ do it, and it coBtame my last penny. .•'Sir Walter-will eurelysee to that," said .Nettie softly. " She-was fcis wife." " We have telegraphed for Walter, said Wingate, for thefirsttime turning an eye upon the luncheon table. -" Tea, of course he will see to it j for I find he really did appreciate her, appearanoes notwithstanding,and fromthemomenthe lost her turned against Geraldine as tf he-suspected something, and has Bhunned and hated her ever since. But we can help him. There is : plenty to do before he comes. That woman s- up -to mischief at this moment, though we don't 3mow what It can't be anything that concerns poor Lexie now, but it may lead ns to a cine." .We've got to. hunt for all frefih dues now. And Blackett is B£ convinced as I am that our best course is to stick'like'wax to her. Her story, you see, being proved untrue, is jamming evidence against herself—looks as if she either put poor Lexie out of the way, or knowB who did. I am going to Jiave a policeman this afternoon to go over the house with me, and I am going to sleep'in that room where we saw the candle—Ii^xie's room—to-night." I with you," said Mrs Wingate, putting a tumbler of 'fresh beer into*^-unsteady hand. "My pet, I can't expose you " 1 "Now, Billy, let us understand one ananother, ehe broke in, with an inflexible air to which he was unaccustomed; and forthwith she stated a case in words that made animpreseion upon him, The result was what Sudyard Kipling would call-an "interlude" of unwonted duration and intensity—a -general concession of her right, as a bride on her honeymoon, to anything she liked'to ask for, on the piurt of- the husband; and on the part of .the ^ wife, arenevred convictiontiiat he .was the :J»est and dearest of living men, despite |us" little weaknesses. She sat on his knee while he ate his lunch as :best he could with one hands then she filled his.pipe, and put a cushion under his head. -".Now," said she, " try if you "ean >iememberall that happened that night ; at 'The Chase,' It may help us to an idea. Ton never told me before, by-the-way, that -BEss Balcombe was with you then yon left, and that is a .most - important.; detail." " Well. it -mas this way, -Nettie. Ton know J-hada scrimmage with Walter; I wanted "to - explain about the Cambridge 'Journey, and to stand up for Lexie, and it's always a mistake to begin putting things of that .sort into words, especially as ire iwere Bituated. J stood up for ,ber too muoh—4>ecause ljsaw he was talongit andv^aid man -said them-to me. As .for him, lie couldn't have insulted me more than he did So, of course, there it stood;. That was in fthe morning. There'-was nothing' for me but te clear out as" soon as possible, and I went back to the inn—this inn, and this room, too, only different people. .. I packed np for London, had some '.bread and cheese, and started, to go by the next train. But just as I'd settled in my corner, I saw Walter's dog-cart tearing along the road, and 1 knew he was trying to catch the train, too; and .1 hated the thought of travelling with him, or. near him,after the row we d had; besides: —well, I'll tell you the honest truth, Nettie—it was a chance to have a word with Lexie that I could not .resist. JC didn't do anything, behind Walter's back, that I wouldn't have done before his face, but for her sake I couldn't go near ier while he -was there misjudging us, and it was -a. cowardly thing to make off without even bidding' her good-bye—looked -like deserting her in her trouble, and owning to wrong things. At any. rate, I jumped out •of the carriage, and kept out of sight^intil • Walter got in. Then, when the train was. gone, I went outside, and spoke to thegroom. He said his master had been called: to town on business, but -was expected back next morning. My luggage had goi»e on in the-van, so I telegraphed to London to have it looked after on arrival, and walked across the fields to * The Chase.' I daresay they made capital ont of all that afterwards.'" " Ton .may be certain that they did," said Nettie, " and-you can't blame them either/' " No, of course. Still, you mustn't forget that The Chase -was Sir Thomas's house then, and not Walter's, and that the old. gentleman and I were the best of' friends. -He was out when I arrived, and I just asked -straight for Lexie, BO as not to waste time. The man took me to her boudoir—she didn't use it much, because she liked her big bedroom to sit in—and no one came to disturb us. We had a—a talk He paused absent-mindedly. The silence was broken by a plaintive little sigh— "Ah, Billy! BUly!" "Yes, pet, I know. But it was twenty years ago, and I've got over it this many a day." " I don't believe yon have gotoverit yet, Billy. J - "Ton:are the last'person who should say that, or tbink it," he remonstrated, drawing jher to his £nee again, and settling her comfortably in a favourite place and pose. "And, besides, she's dead—1 know she is dead. Nothing but death would have taken her from the child. Ton can't be jeelons of a dead woman.' 1 " Oh, oaii't I ? But I won't, Billy—indeed, I won't! it was only -my nonsense, Ton are -mine now, and thafs all I care about. Listen, dear, I've thought of some- thing. There is that lake where you caught that big pike—I expect that, being so unhappy, she committed Bucicide by drowning herself in it. That would account for her sudden disappearance, and her never being seen or traced. Billy, I have thought of another thing. Perhaps it was because—hut. no, I -won't say it!" " Say it, Nettie." "She might have been broken-hearted at losing you." Wingate drew in his breath, and went red and pale, but controlled himself instantly " No," he Baid, reluctantly impartial, " there was no motive of that sort. I'll tell the honest truth, Nettie—I did let myself go that last time we were together, though I tried my ntmost not to. But she never did; on the contrary, she pulled me up in her firm, kind way,-lectured me like a mother she did—tried to make me see there -were good things still to live for, and that she-trusted me for a gentleman, and —and so on. Oh, she was not the sort of person to play fast and loose with matrimony and motherhood—not she; nor yet of the flimsy stuff that suicides axe made of. Still, itfs an idea. When Walter comes, of course hell'leave no'stone unturned, end the lake must be -emptied if necessary. But then -why did Geraldine concoct that elaborate story? She must have had some object." " She was staying in the honse, you say P" " Yes j and, -unfortunately, knew about my . having gone away before "lunch, and come backafter Walter had "left the honBe,- and being shown np to Lexie's private sitting-room, and staying snch a long time with her—things she could twist and turn to suit her. I did not know how late it was till I heard the dreBBing-bell ring, and than, when I tried to get away quietly, I ran up against the old lady and Geraldine, who were pacing up and down the terrace in the evening sun. They were both ready for dinner, and the girl had got that lace on which I afterwards found. her stuffing into the fire •" Ah! I want to hear more about that lace," Nettie interposed, with the air of a" detective on a strong scent. Oh, that was nothing; I must have offended her in the course of the evening," said Wingate absently. "I know I was a surly boor, not fit for ladies* company; but they made me stay. The old people knew nothing of any quarrel, and couldn't understand why I shonld make off just before dinner, and pooh-poohed my excuse that I wasn't dressed. It was weak of me, I know, but I let myself be tempted ; and after all Lexie went upstairs while the squire and I were talking over our wine, and never showed again. I particularly wanted to say something to her that I had forgotten, so I stayed late. I went to the smoking-room with the old man. At last he proposed that I should remain for the night, and some things of Walter's were put out for me, and we went to our room v and the honse was closed. Oh, yes; I know how contemptible it was! But at the time every other feeling was swallowed np in my longing to put right a misunderstanding that I thought Lexie was labour- ing nnder—to have all straight between us before I went away for good; in fact, I wanted to tell her I meant .to try and do, and be, all she wished. I thought as it -was the last time—but I was an ass and a. fool, and veiy nearly a villain, too.' I might -have- compromised her worse; perhaps I did. Somebody el-e besides Geraldine Balcombe—somebody who wasn't a liar—may have - Been me mesBing about the west wing at three in the morning •" "What? Ton don't surely mean to say " No, of course I don't. . AU I did was to write a letter to her, and take it to her boudoir and slip it into a blotting case on her writing table, walking Boftly in my socks, so as not to wake anybody. I made-sure that the whole place was dead-asleep, for I hadn't heard a sound for hours. But as I was getting back to my room, I saw a glimmer of light: through the crack of a door—a curtain father. There's a queer little circular' room at an angle of the stairs where they run into the gallery that goes round the great hall; its like one linge bay window with the bay enclosed j a big portiere hangs across the entrance, which yon jcan loop back .or not, as yoa like; just the little: nook for ^Bittdng out 'dances fin, if there; were jbal!s •in the hjdl. which would be a magnificent place for them, withia%rpo3en floor. :It 3sn't ^fttto^oqfM^S^i^' is; and they always haidii fire there in fire 5 weather. Having windovra allSmiind—the room seemed to be sbuilt of ; the .Btbne muUionsrwith a little ^urohy iieilB^feSt* -was beautifully light and cheerful, audit had a lovely, view.- WeSwere always meeting thereon our -way ^to other rooms, and going downstairs to.dinner, and so on. There were two or three lounge chairs in it;«nd a -small table—mo room for other furniture, ilady Desaillylased^o read the "Tunes" there of ja morning?and sometimes have afternoon tea there, when there was no company,instead.of in:the ball. Well, though it-.wnsn't cold yet/the-fires were all-going; and-there bad ifeenxroe in this little room-that -evening. >1 had-feeenj .tiiere to look tor Lexie alter dinner, and s m it imrning. - And,St was here "where i saw the "Jight at three in the morning. The cnrtains were down, but just one ray aarne through, like a -finger. It seemed to me like a finger beckoning me to her. I made sure that she . was there, and I stole up without a sonnd and put the curtains back a'little. I had not undressed, of course." • "And saw Miss Balcombe burning the Venetian lace P " .'• " Yea: : She Was standing over the fireplace, with a candle in one hand and the lace in the other. She was holding it over the flame, and it was flaring and frizzling .Hp,-very nearly all bumt. I could see she had just -taken it off, because otherwise she. was ;fully dressed as when she left the drawing-room 1 ; the blue bodice was plain and bare,-and the silk was torn where the lace, had been stitched on, and wrenched off anyhow " " Billy dear, you think nothing of this laoe -business, but I think it is the most suspicious of all the features of the case. Why shonld she have burnt her own lace .that she was so eager to get, and so proud of it when she did get it ?. And why secretly at .three o'clock in the morning ? :'*5Tpu said she did it in a fit of rage with you, J>ut she -would not. have been in a fit of rage—that sort of rage—for hours and hows all by herself, -with you or anybody. Billy, do you know how I read the riddle P There Was blood on that lace/' "Wingate shuddered. " Oh, don't talk of blood!" he implored. " Besides, in that case, there-would have been blood elsewhere. There was none on her dress, I know, and evidently none was found. Blood is a thing that cries out anywhere. The least trace would have altered everything and set them hunting." " Did - she have a guilty look when you surprised her ? " " I don't know what you call a guilty look. - Of course it gave her an awful start whenshe heard the eurtain move and saw me watching her. Anybody would have looked scared under the circumstances at that unearthly time o' night. She gave a loud catch of the breath, and then dashed the lace into the -coals and rammed it in with the poker. There was still a little red -fire left and it caught, and was consumed directly. I think she was anxious that >£ shouldn't see it was my present to her. bnt I came a little too soon." "Andhow did she explain herself ? "At first Bhe kept her back to me and said nothing. I was embarrassed too. I would have crept away when I found it was she and not Lexie; but when I saw Bhe had seen me, and saw what she was doing. I went in. I made belief that I was glad of the opportunity to say good-bye to her ^before leaving in the morning, as I should, probably, never come back again. Theiifact; was, T guessed she knew pretty well abont me and Lexie, and I knew she was furiously jealous at having to play second: 'fiddle, and I wanted, for Xexie's sake, to square her if I could. So I tried to be friendly, although I was so sick at heart, and I asked why she was treating my gift-to her in that way. She saidbut £ told you what she said. If you want -fiie honest truth, Nettie—it's the first time I ever l^t oh about a woman in a matter of this kind—she did all she knew to make me believe that it wasn't Walter after all." " Made love to yon, do you mean ? " "Like the very deuce. Said she was burning the fichu because the sight of it in the glass over the mantel-piece made her desperate at my treatment of her, and —and so on. I've known women throw themselves at a fellow's - head, but—by George! ' And I might have been fool enough. Lord knows! if it hadn't been for feeling the way I did." ' "If I recollect aright, you said she did go with you? " " But, not that way, of course not. Sit still. .Nettie, until I've finished. Ohr I give you leave to be jealous of Geraldine Balcombe all you like. That won't hurt." "BUly, yon say she asked you to run away witther.and you said—you distinctly said—you did!" " Madam, I said nothing of the kind. Stay -here and be nice to me, and I'll tell you exactly what occurred. After we had been:'talking in the little room for a How mnch of a bit ?" " I don't know. But the mornings were still early, and all those windows showed us the dawn coming. There had been a moon, as she says in that precious tale of hers, but . it had set long ago. She was frightened lest we shonld be found up, and you, may be sure I didn't care about it either. ! Indeed,-I was raging to get clear of the house and her, and the whole blessed; business, especially when I thought Of Walter coming home in a few hours. As you know, I had no luggage with me. I was 'free to go directly I got an opportunity, and I made np my mind to slip off somehow so as to catch an early train acroBS -the fields. She seemed to know that I was trying to get away from her, for she eaid if I wanted to go Bbe could show me how to do so without disturbing the honse. I was so glad of any chance that I accepted the offer, and when I had fetched my boots and things, she took'ine down that very staircase and through the door which she says she saw me and Lexie elope by. She knew that door well, evidently, for she had the key with her, and locked and unlocked it as easily as if she did it every day. The nurse- may say she heard it bang, but it didn't bang that time." " And she locked herself ontside as well as you ?" I thought she would say good-bye there.-but she took a hat and cloak from a p g and threw them on, and said she'd show me how. to get out of the park without passing the hedges. Thafs the way she's- getting in now, 1 expect, when Walter fancies he has gHarded every point. There's a door in the park wall where it joins the rectory gronnds; it's for the nse of the rector when he likes, and she had the key. That's where she let me ont, and thafs where she made her last try; but I mustn't say any more about that. - It still wanted nearly two hours to the train- She said she could slip into the reetory-and up to her room—by another secret way, I suppose—and -get eome clothes. She offered to be my servant—my anything— if I would taie her-with me. Oh, but I am a cad to .tell on her, though she is what she is.!- ,1 got away somehow, and struck across country, and walked < don't know where, pickBd^up the railway a dozen miles off, and took the train at a little station I'd never been to before. And as soon as I got to London I fell in with a friend just off to shoot. wild sheep and goats in the Himalayas, and I got my,rifles and things ready wa day and went with him —the beginning of long wanderings. And I hatdly-Baw an English paper, and never heaxd any news, and never wanted to. And—and I-think thafs ell, Nettie." She put ilier inne .-round his neck, and kissed him, and thanked him. She said she didn't fchink>ny hnsband .could have told the honesftruth more honestly, be Continued). 