"THE- I RtLPH TREVOR PLOT. CHAPTER XXII. ' NICK AND THE SUPERINTENDENT IN CON FERENCE. ' And yet does not have any knowledge of the plot against the Coverly estate ?' ' Not the least But he may share some other secret with Kimbei ly.' i ' Other secret ?' I 'Yes. .My tluory is this, Kimberly has two very important secrets — entirely distinct fioixt each other. One is shared with him b/ Grimm, and the other by Gcwcr, while neither of tne two detective partners have a suspicion ofwhat theother knows,' ' What secret does Gower know ?' ' It is only a surmise, "but I believe it will come pretty nearly being correct.' ' Out with it !' ' While I was hidden under that lounge in Kimberly's libraty last night, Grimm made the remark, as he surveyed the richness of his surroundings, ' The dia mond business must be profitable.' ' I was in a position to see both men at that time. Kimbe ly greeted Grimm's words with a look which said as plainly as language hAve expressed it, ' I wonder it he suspects ?' But Grimm's manners were such that Kimberly's momentary uneasiness was at once dispelled.' ' You believi, then, that Kimberly's'dia- mond business is not exactly leg'timate ?' ' I am almost certain of it. I have had it under suspicion |for a long time, and have for some weeks been getting ready to investigate it.' ' You think Qower is standing in with Kimberly in thecontrab.inddia nond busi ness?' ' In some useful capacity — yes.' . 'Then Kimberly is deceiving Grimm as well as Gower, Gower is deceiving Grimm, and Grimm is deceiving Gower.' ' That is part of it ; but the deception jumble dpesn't end there. Maud Lispcn- ard is deceiving Grimm in her c ose re lationship to Kimberly. She is deceiving all the other conspirators in her relation ship tq Doggett, »nd Doggett is false to his employers, so far as his secret friend ship for the Lispenard goes.' 'A nice nest of traitors aren't they Nick.?' ' But that isn't l!1. It is evident that neitherJKimberly nor Grimm even so much as suspect that Maud uses the house ad joining the .Kimberly dwelling as a den for her devilish crimes, ar.d also for her secret relationship « ith Doggett.' 1 had thought ol that., ' But you probably have not thought of another very strongprobabilit" in the same connection.' ' What is that ?' 'Why, that there was in that house some other object than the usefulness of the old weli which induced Maud Lispen ard to get secret possession of it.' 'Some other object?' ' Some other object. Kimberly's house was burglarized on Sunday night.' ' Well ?' ' The burglars didn't get in through the rear window, which wis found broken open.' ' No ?' 1 That window, wai 1 fixed.' ' Go on.' 1 The entrance was made from Lispen- ard's house.' ' Ah !' ' The burglar get there by the same route I followed in making my escape.' ' Under thecellar floor and through the hold in the division wall ?' Yes.' 'And this burglar?' 4 Was Maud Lispenard ?' 4 She made that hole in the wall ?' 4 Yes, with the help of the negio or Dog- gett.' 4 But I think I can, lor once in my ex perience, show you where your theory is impossible.' ' ' Can you? Well, I'm ready to be cor rected, ' smiled Nick. ' When you got into Kimberly's cellar, you found the door leading up to the base ment locked ?' ' Yes.' ' Bolted on the basement Tide ?' 4 That's true.' . 'Then how .on earth did' ' Chief, the sea air doesn't agree with you,' interrupted Nick.. 'Eh?' Mr. Byrnes' lace began to flush. 'You ought to know me better than to think I would stumble in that simple manner.' 'Well, I contess it surprised me.' ' Then let me tell you of a little dis covery I made after I forced the bolt oh that door. It gave way so easily that my suspicions were aroused, and I made a hasty examination.' And found' 4 That the bolt had been forced before, and replaced. It wa> much easier for the burglars to leave by the broken window and scale the wall between the two yards — for one of them at lease — than to crawl back under the cellar floor. Besides, it -was necessary, so that the forced door < could bt' properly secured; "'tBut what could be Maud Lispenard's i -objectrn committing that job?' ! There you've got me, chief.' 4 Surely not to get possession of the let ters you took ?' . ' Certainly not, - else she would have taken them. Besides, she seems to be in full possession of all the facts concerning the plot against Coverly Couit, equally as well as are Kimberly and ' Grimm. The ; three are evidently working together with full knowledge.' Are you sure, Nick ?' 4 Why, yes — 1 ' ; ' Do you believe the woman and Grimm i share with Kimterly the knowledge of the < exact whereabouts of the real, the young- Mbeir of GwoSy Court? J | Nick arose and started in amazement at the chief. It was the lalter's tarn now, | ' I'm afraid sea air, of something, doesn't agree with you either, Nick.' Still our hero continued to look at Mr. Byrnes as if the latter was the ghost of his grandfather. Supeiintendenb Byrnes leaned back in his chaw, smoked diligently, and enjoyed Nick's confusion. I It was so very seldom that he ever made a point on the great detective that this in cident came in the form of a Ireat. 'Well, by the God of stupidity !' Nick finally exclaimed, as he resumed his seat. ' See it now V ' Yes, as plainly as I see your face. Kim berly is the man, of course, who threaten ed Allen Temple in London last winter with the production of the real heir.' ' Humph !' ' He knew where this heir was, but Temple did not.' ' Yet Temple evidently was convinced \hat the heir existed, and that Kimberly could produce that important personage.' ' That's so. And by the same token all the c mversation and actions of Grimm and Lispenard which I heard and saw lead to the belief that K'mbcrly has kept from them the knowledge even of this heir's existence.' ' That's the way I figure it ; and the bidden heir is not Ralph Trevor, either.' ' No, but Ralph Trevor's child — the child of Trevor and Marion Howard.' chapter xxiii, who was maud lispenard. Thetwo men satsilently, devoting them selves to their cigars and their thoughts for several minutes after Nick had made the declarat'jn which closes the pteceding chapter. It was the detective who broke the sil- e co. 'Chief. I'm puzzled to understand the trade relationship which exists between Maud Lispenard and Kimberly.' ' It is more confidential than even Grimm suspects,' remarked Mr. Byrnes. ' No doubt of that. Their conversation after they were left alone last n:ght proves thao ; and the efforts made by Kimbcily to cause Grimm to believe he feared Maud's treachery indicates that Kimberly is anxious to keep his male ' pal' as far from the real truth of the situation ns pos sible.' ' LnGks that way.' ' What do you know of Lispenard's early history V ' Nothing more than you do.' ' It will pay an investigation.' ' Without diubt.' ' Now concerning Kimberly's family?' ' I know litte or nothing,' was the superintendent's reply. 'Well, I am better informed about it. then. In my leisur hours lately Ive betn looking into Kimberly's private life a l:ttle.' ' What have you found ?' . ' Fir;t, he was no wife. That fact seems to be confirmed in one of the last letters written by Grimm to Kimberly before the former left England. He mentions inci dentally having noted the fact that Kim berly lost his wife soon after the birth of their child.' 'Oh. yes ! The person, I presume, re ferred to by Maud Lispenard as ' Kate.' " ' The same. Kimberly has a daughter Kate, Until about a year ago she was away from her father's house most of the time attending a fashionable school some where up in New England.' ' Then why did Limberly keep up that fine house ? Or have he lived there only since his daughter came home from school?' 'No; he has owned and occupied the house for ten years.' ' By himself ?' ' By himself and servants.' ' Keep servants ! How many ?' ' Four — three men and one woman. The latter, a maid, came in only since the daughter's return.' ' And he lived there previous to that with only three men-servants ?' ' That's what he did, chief. One was the cook, and the o'lier two attended to all the general works about the house. One of the last-named couple was, besides, a sort of private secretary and confidential agent, as near as the neighbours could make out.' ' A very queer household,' exclaimed Mr. Byrnes. ' Did he eves have company ?' ' Very seldom though the front hall doer. But from what I could learn, the number of visitors as well as of trades people, who had business through the basement entrance was unusuolly large, considering the small size of the house hold.' ' 1 see you have l>een pushing your in vestigations, Nick ?' ' Yes, and they are going to help me now.' ' Where is this country seat of Kim berly's ?' ' I've not yet been able to find out. He succeeds in getting out of town every summer without letting any one know where he goes, and spends several months there, wherever it is.' ' How long has this been going on ?' ' Several years.1 ' Takes his servants with him, I suppose ?' ' Yes, likewise his daughter and. her maid this time.' .' Did you ever see his daughter, Mick ?' ' Never.' ' Then, of course, you don't know wether she bears any resemblance to either Marion Howard, Ralph Trevor, or Sir Horace Coverly ?' Byrnes looked at Nick with a half -un certain expression as he uttered vhese words. Nick answered with a very faint smile, and said : , ' No; but I don't know why she should.' Yon don't boli6V6| thanr>> that filw is the secret heir of Coverly — Marion" Howard's 1 lost child ?' j . ' I do not.' ' Your l-eason ior it ?' ' My reason for it is very simple. Had she been the heiress of Coverly Court, ' Kimberly would have reared herdifferently.' ' How differently ?' ' Not as his daughter, but as his future J wife.' | ' Ah ! I see — I see !' j ' On the contrary, there is evidence that she is his child, through whose marriage to Allen Temple he hopes to get his clutches on the immense revenues of Coverly Court. The youth of the girl was the only impediment in the way of an earlier consummation of the business with Allen Temple, and probably the hastening of the end of Sir Horace Coverly's life.' ' Carter, for once in your life, I believe you are mistaken.' ' You believe this Kate Kimberly is, after all, the lost daughter of the wife of Ralph Trevor V ' I do.' ' But ' 'Your argument that she should, in that case, have been reared as Kimberly's pro spective bride has a flaw in it.' ' A flaw ?' ' A flaw — a fatal flaw. Kimberly could never become the husband of any woman as long as Maud Lispenard was alive. The superintendent expected these words to prove another great surprise to Nick, but they never so much as made him wink. ' You think then, that Lispenard is Kimberly's wife ?' ' Yes — don't you ?' ' No. That theory did at first enter my brain, but. I cannot, make it consistent with the other apparently clear facts in the case. I think you are off the trail in that conjecture, chief.' ' Well, we'll see in good time, \ suppose. If she is not ' Kimbei'ly's wife, who is she ? ' Well, I shouldn't be surprised if she is just who she told me she was last night..' Who V ' Why, Lucy Newell, daughter of ' Aunt Mary,' the wife of Sir Horace's former gardner.' ' I had forgotten that fact.' ' And if she be Lucy |Newell,' went on Nick, ' she knows what became of Horace Covcrley.' 'Eh?' ' Well, Ibelievehermother — Mrs. Newell, or ' Aunt Mary' — knew she was roaring Florence Coverly's child when she brought up the lad Ralph Trevor. If sliedid, then her daughter Lucy must have known it also. ' Now, if I could see Trevor again he would probably confirm the belief I have that he was living with Lucy Newell when he married Marion Howard, and was sent to prison. He could probably identify Maud Lispenard asthissame LucyNewe'.l. ' Well, Nick, it is an awful tangle, any way you look at it, but I have faith to believe thar, you will straighten it all out in the end.' ' There is one thing that puzzles me more than anything else,' continued Nick, as if following up a train of thought. ' I would give a lot to know how Marion Howard discovered Ralph Trevor's family connection, who helped her to trap him, what her object was in that marriage, and why she deserted him so soon after the marriage.' ' Maybe when you see Trevor and hear his story of! the courtship, and what he has to say about the supposed Lucy Newell, you will get some of that cleared up.' ' Yes, when I see him. 1 hat may never ' Why, you don't think he has been murdered ?' ' Maybe not murdered ; but something has gone wrong with him, chief, that's sure. And I fear it is next to murder, or bad as it can be.' ' Explain.' ' W ell, it would not be the first time that a man, after bearing up under agreat mental strain for years with a cherished end in view, found his mind giving way irreparably just as that end w-ts reached.' ' Insane ?' ' I fear it in his case more than I fear foul play, chief.' chapter xxiv. a surprise for nick. There was another short silence between the two men after Nick suppressed his fears concerning Ralph Trevor. Then Mr. Byrnes left his chair, and paced several times across the loom, while the detective did some execution on his cigar. He was- evidently waiting for the superintendent to break the silence, which the latter finally did by asking a question : ' Well, what is the next move in this queer game, Nick ?' ' I hardly know,' replied the detective, musingly. 'There are so many which need attention that it is hard to lay out a programme far ahead.' ' iVhy'not pounce down on several of the principles, and make a few arrests ?' Would that not bring the case to a focus ?' ' Yes. But probably too soon.' The superintendent looked inquiringly at Nick, and the latter continued : ' I don't think itwilldoto be precipitate. There is too much remaining to be dis covered which might escape us, ii we pounce upon the principals without first having everything w ell in hand.' ' Go on. Explain, I am all attention.' ' In the first place, I have no extreme desire to find the hidden heir to Coverly Oourt; The child of Ralph Trevor and Marion Howard ?' ' Exactly.' ' Whose whereabouts you believe Kim berly alone knows ?' ' That's it.' 'Well?" I ' Then I want to discover what was in Marion Howard's mind principally when she trapped Trevor into marriage, arid who was with her in the plot.' ' What else ?' ' Considerable. I want to find Ralph Trevor ; I want to discover the history of Maud Lispenard ; I want to fathom the secret of Kimberly's successful diamond business, and ' S Here Nick hesitated, and took several hasty pulls at his cigar. ' Well, what more ?' inquired Mr. Byrnes, rather eagerly. ' I am anxious to know what became of Florence Coverly after she came to America.' ' Why, I thought she was killed in a railway accident ?' ' It was so reported at the time, and a copy of a paper with the account of the accident, as well as a transei ipt of the coroner's verdict, was sent to Sir Horace in England, as I told you.' ' Well ? ' The baronet's daughter did not die, as therein reported.' ' Then how did she die ?' ' I don't know. That's what I want to find out. Indeed, I am not sure that she died it all.' <, ' What !' ' The exclamation came from the super intendent like an explosion. Nick con tinued with his suspicion without seeming to notice the chief's extreme interest. ' I have indisputable proofs that Flor ence Coverly, of the Florence Dunraven in whom we are interested, survived that railway accident — in fact, that she was not in it at all.' The superintendent resumed his seat, and did not try to conceal the great inter est he was taking in what Nick was saying. The 'atter went on to say : 'You and I know, chief, that were it nob for the unexplainable habit which criminals have of preserving' the proofs of their crimes, our task of catching and afterwards convicting them would be infi nitely-more difficult thin what it was.' ' Yes, that is n fact.' ' Well, this man Kimberly, alias Parke, is not an exception to the rule, even if he wasadecetive by profession inhis early life.' As he uttered these words, Nick took from his pocket the letters he had found the night before in Richard Kimberly's private desk. Carefully examining the backs of the envelopes, he selected one which was merely endorsed ' In re Coverly.' From this envelope he removed a folded sheet of paper, on which was pasted a newspaper clipping, hut w lich was other wise entirely blank. Nick merely handed the newspaper clipping to his chief,- without saying a word of explanation. The superintendent adjusted his glasses, and read : It lias been two weeks since the fatal accident on the P. J. and Q. Railroad, in which a number of lives were lost. Among those reported killed at the time was Drake Dunraven, leading man of the Thespian Dramatic Company, together with his wife Florence and their child Agatha. It now appears that the woman was not his wife nor the infant his child. The unfortunate v-oman had eloped with him, yet refusing to leave her baby behind. The company had but recently been organised, and. tho members at the time that the woman and child were really Dunraven's wife and daughter. It was only yesterday, when the wronged husband and father (whose name isat his own re quest suppressed) came to the city, cla'med the bodies of his dishonoured and innocent deed, had then disinterred and taken away, that the real facts in the case became known. It is said that Dunraven's legiti mate wife and child — which, by-the-by, is a boy, not a girl — are somewhere in New York, where he left them when he started out on the road with the Thespian Com pany. Nick watched the chief's face closely as as the lattes was reading this bitof ancient newspaper gossip. ' Bless my soul, Nick, but you've got a deep case on your hands,' exclaimed Mr. Byrms, as he handed back the piece of paper on which the clipping was pasted. ' Do you know see where more time is needed before we make a general swoop ?' asked Nick. Quite clearly. Do you believe Florence Coverly is still, alive ?' ' I Hardly dare hope so. If she is, I want to find licr. If she's dead, I want to know how she died.' ' Well, my boy, you'll find out all about it. Give yourself time. That's all you need. , At present you have one decided advantage.' j-4. What is that ?' i" The conspirators believe you are dead.' ' That advantage is only temporary — it may be very short.' .1 Why ?' ' They'll try to fish my hody out of the old well, if they havent done so already. Then they will realize they have been duped. Chief V ' Well, Nick V 1 I'd like to be yourguestlnre till evening. Why, it will be a pleasure. ' I want to lie 'ow, and maybe take a few hours' sleep, as a sort of preparatory measure for an anticipated busvjtime when I get back to the city.' ' Make jmurself at home.' And Nick did. First, however, he sent William to the telegraph office with a message for Chick, adhressed to Mr. Dore- mgs, instructing his assistant to meet him at the Eight Avenue retreat at 8 o'clock that evening. It was precisely that hour when Nick walked into Mrs. Doremus' cigar store. The widow herself greeted him from be hind her counter. There was no one pre- Isent but themselves, and Nick hastened to make himself known. .Where's Chick ?' was his immediate in quiry. 4 He hasn't been here, . but I sent the ' message round to the house, and Mrs. Carter sent back this no'e.' Nick almost snatched the envelope con taining the handwriting of his " wife, and tore it open. He read : ' D ;ar Nick, — Chick, I think, has some thing important on hand which he can't leave. About noon he sent a note to you from the Hotel Metropo'.e, to meet him there as soon as you cune home, or-at eight o'clock to-night. Ethel. (To be con'hnei). 