MORMON MISSIONARIES THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS Reply to 'Truth's' Attacks. REPUDIATE POLYGAMY, PRO FESS PIETY According 4o Christ's Gospel, , Aud Glorify JSrigbaut Young. I The pertum^ wlio j-rpsepted at this offipe the i'eilovrfQ£ letter for publication, de scribed themselves ae tbe autliorised agesta and odssioneries of tbe Latter-Day Saipl^ wd yet, at tbe same time, they strongly repudiated any intention pr attempt to proselytise. Theireo'e mission and desire, they said, was to Carry the Gtaepel of Jesus Cbrut of the Latter- Day SatPta tp all peoples jo all countries, as laid down in the Book of Mormon, by their great teacher and master, ' Joe ' Smith : — THE MORMON MISSIONARIES. (TO TS£ EDITQZ OF 'TK0TH.') Sir,— As yppr paper is beaded ' Truth,' sad we have been most inhu manly slandered 8ad lied abont through its columns, W9 would like tbe privilege of expressing peine of our views a'nd motives rp your readers ; then they pan judge for themselves. We do not want to slander, abuse, or run 40wn any man, or bis religion, for we are sure that any man with a spark of Christian , ppifit burning within his bosom would not, 1 iliault, abuse, or lie abont bis fellow man I because he professed to believe in a different j religion from himself. Ko, nothing but the 1 vilest wretch that is Satan's own emissary would do enish a thiog as that. Mr Glen Miller, a journalist, writing from Utah, Says : — Polygamy is as dead es a door-nail. The institution of polygamy would have gone down eventually of its pwn weight under tb» rush of Gentile immigration. The action of the Church only hastened the inevitable; in the days of its strongest hold, lesa than ten per cent, of the adult members of the territory lived in polygamy. No ' plural ' marriages in any form are taking place in Gtah. it is e sin within the Mormon chord), es within any other, to Uve with more than one woman, The young man who should attempt it would find hiniselfand his mistress— for such any plural wife would be regarded — Subject to tha same social ostracism from the Morpjops as from society at Jarge. Utah is rapidly losing those strange features of life which made her an object of snch fascinating interest to students and tourists, but to compen sate for this loss she has placed herself iu cou plets harmony with American thought and American institutions'.— from tbe ' Keview of Review*.' The following are the articles of our faith : 1\. We believe in God tbe Eternal Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. 2\. We bslisre that men will be punished for their one sins, and not for Adam's transgres sion. 3\. We believe that, through the atonement of Christ, all mankind may be saved, by obedience to tbe laws aad ordinances of the Gospel. I. We believe that these ordinances are: 1st, faith in tbe Lord Jesus Christ ; 2nd, repentence ; 3rd, baptism by immersion for the remission of eins ; 4th, the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. 6\. We believe that a man must be called of God, by ' prophecy, and by tbe laying on of hands ' by those who are in authority to preach the Gospel and administer in the* ordinances thereof. 6\. We believp in tbe same organisation that existed in the Primitive Church, viz., apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, etc. 7\. We believe in the gift of tongues, prophecy, revelation, visions, healings, interpretation of tongues, etc. 8\. We believe the Bible to be the Word of God, ss fer as it is translated eorractly ; we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of Gipd. ~ 9. We believe all that God has revealed, all that be does now reveal, and we believe that he will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the Kingdom of God. 10\. We believe io the literal gathering of larael, aad ia tbe restoration of the ten tribes ; that Zion will be bnilt upon the American Con tinent ; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth, and that the earth will be renewed and reeeivs its paradisic glory. II. Ws claim the privilege of worshipping Almighty God according to the dictates of our cenecienoe, and allow ell men the same privilege — rjst (hem worship 'how, where, or what they may. 12\. Webelieve in being subject to kings, pre sidents, rulers, aad magistrates, in obeying, hflOfliuure and sustaining ths liw. 13\. We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men; indeed, ws may say that we follow the a-ljjionjtipji of Paul; 'we. believp all things, we bppe eH things ' ; we have endured many things, «|M we hope to be able to endure all things. If dure ia earthing virtuous, lovely, or of good reports, or praiseworthy, we eeek after these things.— Joseph Smith. The present condition of the Latter- Day fjtalnte, ' or more commonly but improperly called Mormons, ia a complete refutation ef all accusations of evil that have been made against them. According to educational Statistics takes in 1870 in Utah, which was just 28 yean after It was settled by tbe Latter-Day Saints, she ranked third to any State in the United Mates is education, and jmt recently we saw a piece taken from papers in the State of Missouri, saying that Utah now rank# second ia education to any State ef ths DnitedStatea Sorely if these peepla wen the kind that they have been rsprcwfatsd to have been, they never could Ssvp s&ade; the strides which they have made nrlaft the Ibst 60 tfiin, Jeeos said : ? Ye shall knew them by their frvitf : a goad tree cannot faring evil fruit, either can a corrupt tree bring forth good ALMA E. HUBBARD. WM. G. PARK. Moss Vale, Nov. 2, 1897, Sp»,«With your permission, ia addition to what has been written you by the Elders at Mossvale, i would like if yon would publish the following. 1 could not help but notice, whoa reading your paper of October 2ith. ifost.— of the siiwfiMiihTiiiiig people have eteoeraiag the faith and practice pt utter to WW* oemmoply palled 'Mormons.' The persqn wbo wrote the piece of poetry. I positively declare, knows nothing at lout the I paepls, or the state some of them dwell in, Mhe*r«hi, whopyprnv «*? the signature, calls it Pt*h City, Therefore, it if not re liable, and is misleading. Second,— Ae to the person Brigham Young, he wasa aeble man, and I pas readily understand why he baa so »Bcb evil «»iij of bin. Wi cannot expect to lieur of tbe people of tl}fcl fair land beneath the Southern Cross in any other than disgust to that Which they have beard concerning that noble pioneer. But the wall of prejudice on the American soil is fast crumbling to decay, and Brigham Young and the people he so dearly loved are being better known. His name is being held in honor now by many who were once his bitter enpmies, and are sorry for the manner in which they thought and spoke of him. We cannot excuse any, though, .when we come to the scriptual technicality of the enbiCeU as the wise man ' Solomon said, 'lie that judgeth a matter before he heareth it ii not wise.' And that person who called Brigham Young 'hellish' is not wise, and God will not bold that per son guiltless. There will be an aocount given for every idle Word -that man shall utter. We are not bere to parley, ot cither write to any great extent when such libellous reports come through the columns of the papers, only to recognise them to that degree that the people may know that anything said about, the latter day saints (commonly called Mormons) that is of a detrimental character we will refpte iu as tew words as possible. We can expect that when a people serve God, there will be people to oppose them. 1 will say, by way of conclusion, we hare had elders in Sydney for about four years, and during that time we have distri buted about 75,000 tracts, allayed much prejudice, made many friends and esse converts, spent many a pleasant hour ia talking over tbe glorious Gospel truths de livered to earth by an angel from on high for tbe benefit of the children of God, with some of the ^nest souls who dwell on Aus tral soil. We have but three elders here at the present time, bet expect to bttve Otbera soon. Our purpose in being ia the land is to lead mankind . rum sin, and teach them tbe error of their ways. As to the second article, given by a supposed-to-be person of the name of Miles, 1 will say i have a list of the names of the persons wbo were first arrested in Salt Lake City (or unlawful cohabitation ; and as 1 was born and reared in Salt Lake City, Utah, and lived there all my life until I was called to take a mission to this southern clime, also being pretty well acquainted with tbe court pro ceedings being an officer of that city for a number of years, I dopto thftt such a case was ever brought before the courts in Utah. However, to be certain about the case, I will write this mail aad enquire, and will give further information through the Truth with your permisdop. Hoping you will receive these xew lines w|& courtesy,— I remain a friend to fffiCXH. ANDREW SMITH P.O., Newtown, November 3rd, 1897. [Time and space forbids us tackling disiples of Brigham Young and their 1(6T monitish 'morality ' this week : but I pro* mise, God sparing my life, till next Sun day, to put my pen through their pre posterous platitudes and to prove them to be nothing more nor less than the pro pounded and propagandists of a pestifer. ous form of polygamy, put forth under the pretence and cloak of religion, still secretly practised, if not publicly preached by the ' Saints,' and only openly dis avowed in order to be privately indulged, so as to evade the pains and penalties en acted in the United States against wholesale harlotry and Brighamitish bigamy.— ED, Truth.] 