CHAPTER XXXI. I " TOC ARE THS ONXY MAN I CAN TRUST! Lord Brougham and his friend St. Aubyn were glad to leave Farnham Hal', the ancestral.seatof the Broughams, after the funeral of the old lord. After the reading of the will, the new master of the Brougham title and all that appertained thereto gave his steward carte ttancke in the matcer of refurnishing the country-seat. There was no lack of money in the coffers that held the gold of the late lord. He never married, and because of some disappointment in his youth, had lived the life of a recluse, -wlule his riches were multiplying on every hand. From Farnham Hall, which was situated in the heart of the beautiful county of Surrey, the young men went to London. ' Brougham was determined to rent a town house forthwith, and the first day was Spent in hunting for a suitable place in the .West End. ; Not only, was my lord successful, but he took possession of a furnished mansion in Kensington Gardens the following morning, and wired to Farnham for half a dozen servants to set the place in order. Within two hours they arrived under the wing of the housekeeper, and he soon had the pleasure of occupying the library for a quiet conversation with St. Aubyn. ♦'At last," he said, " I can survey my surroundings with an air of proprietor ships and I can assure you, St. Aubyn, that the sensation is most delightful. Until to-day I have "merely been a guest in somebody's else's house, and "have ex pended ingenuity in my short career in fishing for invitations to make the fortune of ah inventor. I think that you can appreciate that." He laughed in -a disagreeable manner, and St. Aubyn scowled savagely. "1 am in the eame jwsiUon^rtiUj.and donq^ need any reminders," he said, sulkily. 1 . , , .'l But wait with patience, dear boy. Ttie old girl will not live forever." - : Curse it ls,;gtowle<i St. Aubyn. all appearances she. will outlive ^ me, and is as changeable as a weathercock. After all, I may find myself nowhere in her wilL; : And in the meantime- how am -I to live on a beggarly two hundred a year i It is barely sufficient to buy gloves and cigars with I Like you, I spend -my_ br« in sponging npon ahy-body who win have jhe kindrie3s to take me in." ' " And getting into trouble, laughed Brougham. _ ,, _r "Yes, and getting ;into trouble. My only hope is a good marriage." . \- ." Why don't you skip across the At lantic aud pick up a pretty American girl with an . ocean" of ducats. They are ml -pretty and, rich over there, I ve heard, and are ready to hurl themselves^ at any thing in the shape of a man who is a live lord." ' _ . , . " I wouia if I could raise sufficient to pay for a decent berth. Why didn't you go ?" sneered St. Aubyn. . ■ "You see, I was not a live lord—only a presumptive, and the Yankee girls won t take chances," laughed Brougham. " This sort of thh^g may be very edi iybg to you,3' Aubyn said, * hanged if it .Is-to me. I?oor as I am, I •Wpiild. iiot tsiko the richest AfflBiican 8^' who would be willing to have' me. You I know why."' . ' Yes." ' '-Brougham lighted a cigar,:and watched his ^aa^LJoramiuute. - - | "Yes, M jcnow why. You are bent -Upon the conquest of -Miss Edith Suther land, jflrfwtfeersha .will or no." Look here, St. Anhypl Shke a fool's advice, mid give up the game !" \- " Never 1" ' " You haven't a ghost of a chance. I tell you-that Bhe will -marry Thornleigh in face-Of everything. . Of course if you could win her, and this "opposition only increases my determination- I never yet made.X rewlre that I have not carried out.". „ - ,, "•Except;popqffthec6untes8, laughed his companion, maliciously. _ At that moment a servant announced a visitor, mid Mrs Haredale almost fol lowed1 .qpon the woman's heels. St. Aubyn extended his hand, while Brougham said, carelessly: Tj-j n " So you have found us out, en. i .X did -not'expect you so soon, Violet. Any news?" " I went to the Langham from whence you "telegraphed, and they gave me your new address, my lord." "Yes. Speak ont Violet; Lord St. Aubyn and I have no secrets." ; " Have you been too busy to read the papers ?" she demanded. - Why ? We haven't looked at one . ■ His cheek paled, and he was all life in ■ sn instant. , ■ "Gh, it is nothing that you need be afraid of;''-latched my lady's companion, " but exactly the reverse. ^ Vivian Thoriileigh is dead. Read, this." 5he spread a newspaper before^ them, and.watched the varying expressions of their faces, a mocking light in her cruel —" You have only to speak for my lady's hand now; Lord Brougham," she said. " And it will not be lopg before you,hear the.merry jingle of wedding bells 1' Hewastoo excited to -reply for. a few moments --.then he turned to St Aubyn, remarking: "Your, way is clearer, now also. "Well," said Mre Haredale, " I must go. I should not have troubled you but for this.' -If J have anything to communi cate I will send it here by posh" Lord Brougham watched her from the window as she walked away, a curiojis smile on hia lips. Then he turned to St., Aubyn, saying : " It never rains but it pours! Was ever such luck before ? My dear boy, we can simply carry all- before us when the work in hand is finished. I do not I see a single list to our success." "Do you include me io the * we' 4" -"Iinclude Lord St..-.Aubyn. in.every thing at present.-1 have been guilty, like | most young men, of paltry -little wicked nesses, which it would be unwise to men ! tiou in a lady's "drawing-room. You have likewise been .indiscreet, only your indis cretion would land you for a; term of seven years if-found out. Mr John Des borongh -is acquainted with my follies, and threatens to proclaim-the same to the world in general, and Lady Winifred Oharrington in particular, unless I with draw my claim to that lady's band and heart, because he has become smitten with her charmB himself. Very clerical behavior, eh ? And I know the enor mities of which you are guilty—-buying jewellery on credit to the amount of five figures in the- aggregate, and pawning-it, the same day for a trifle of the * ready.' Very serious offence, terrible depravityj etc." "Stopit!" fumed St. Aubyn, glaring at bis companion, wickedly. Brougham laughed and continued. " Now if my clerical friend knows as much of me as I suspect, it will be neces sary for that gentleman to receive his quietus. This question I shall not deter mine until I have interviewed the enemy to-night In the event of the nuisance having to be put away, my very good friend St. Aubyn will haye to assist me with his personal influence, for the work will require to be artistically treated. In return I shall give the said Lord St. Aubyn sufficient cash to save his aristo cratic fingers from the demeaning occupa tion of oakum picking t" "This ground has already been gone over, and I object to a useless repetition," St. Aubyn said, sulkily. "We are all vary good until we are found out. I was forced to raise money, and when I obtainedthe jewellery I intended paying for it." " That sort of stoiy will not do for a judge and jury, my friend. There is a certain place supposed to be the abode of a gentleman with a bad name, beautifully paved with such intentions as yours. Gloss it over as you may, you are guilty of the grossest kind of fraud, and when the i counsel for the prosecution addresses the jury in this way : ' Gentlemen, the prisoner at the bar is an nnworthy scion of the old British aristocracy, a man who ha3 had all the advantages of a careful education and Christian training, and he employs those blessingB, vouch safed to so' few, to the , deception and ruin of men who have to live by the sweat of their brows—he employs them with a bold effrontery,? backed by his ancient name and aided by an unscrupulous cunning which proves the depravity " " Will you cease 1" cried St. Aubyn, a red. spot mounting to each cheek. "All this may be fun to you, but i tell you I will not. stand it, I confided in you as a friend — I believed you to be my friend " "And so I am," laughed Brougham. "I am only placing before you the enor mity of your offence as the British public would regard it. I know that in your virtuous soul," he sneered a little—"I know that in-; your virtuous soul you never meant anything very naughty, but as to confiding in .me, why, my dear fel low, I saved you from being served with indictable summons number one by pre senting the warrant officer with a fiver. Then he told me all that I wanted to know.- My only astonisment is that the law. bothered with a summons. In the case of a poor man of lowly birth - well, he would have been arrested forthwith. The bit of blue paper charged you with obtaining ■ a tiara of diamonds from a Bond - street jeweller, value two'thousand, pounds. Yon gave the names of various noblemen as your -friends, not one, of whom' .would touch you with a long pole, you promised pay ment in due; copr®®, and. pawned the diamonds the same day for three hundred pounds. Now, if this ever came into court, many similar charges would appear against you—so I promise to square the obstreperous creditor-—a course which he anticipates. I have an object in telling you this, St. Aubyn -; I do not wish to flaunt your follies in your face, but to awaken ypu to the danger in which you are placed." ".You mean that I am entirely in your power 9 " his companion said, sullenly. - " Well, you can put it in that way if you choose." ■ . - " I will not endure this," was the fierce retort, and St.: Aubyn sprang excitedly to his feet. " Yon have driven me a little too far. Rather than be your tool —the tool of the friend I have trusted --1 will appeal to the countess. She dare not see the name disgraced." . " Very well," replied Lord Brougham, ■coolly. "In that event I shall be little J the worse off by the loss of your society, and financially very much in : pocket. But don't forget that your littie pecca dilloes will reach the ears of everybody at Coombehurst, particularly those of pretty -Edith. Where will yonr chances be then 9" St. Aubyn dropped back in .his seat and , moodily chewed the ends of his mous-' tache. - • " Ypu are right," he said, at length. " I,«hould run many risks by that .counse, and loose all -hope of that upon which my heart is set."' ■ A triumphat light blazed in the eyes of ] Brougham. ■ . " I knew that you would see as I do in the end. In my opinion this business j will unite us in a sort of partnership for j life. It will be mutual in every sense. There is no question of one holding a living threat over the other For the moment I have the upper hand, but as soon, as I confide my plans to you, you can promptly turn the tables upon me. You have exaggerated -my position, my sentiments towards yon.- J have merely told you ugly facta and you fly into a rage. I have made these facts look as hideous as possible lest you regard my proposals with disfavor. I want certain work done, and you are the only man 1 can trust, X am willing hot only to pay for tins—to make a free man of you—but at the same I time I place myself iir your, power. 11 want a life-long bond of friendship to ; exist between us, and-I ask you to take : my hand and to trust me implicitly." " " I believe that I misunderstood you," St. Aubyn confessed, taking the prof fered hand. '' I am very sensitive, you know—a fellow in my position cannot; help being so " Brougham lighted a fresh cigar and j handed.one to his companion. Then he smoked in silence-for a fe w minutes. " We will come to business now," he 'said at length, "and action must be sharp and decisive. I am in the hands of this Desborough, if he knows of cer tain incidents in my life abroad. I shall learn to-night how much he doeB know. If dangerous, he must be put out of the way until I am safely married to Lady Winifred, because.he threatens to make things particularly warm for me. I am not guilty of anything very bad—some thing like yourself, you know —but if exposed, I might have to run the gauntlet, lose Lady Winifred and'all the splendid prospects before me, 1 tell you, St. Aubyn, rather than suffer this 1 would crush the man—just when every other obstacle is swept from our path." He ground his teeth with suppressed ] fury. t. " If the worst comes to the worst, you must hire a few of the Night Larks to j meet him and thrash Mm—just as much ] as they please- I only know the gang by reputation- You have been a patron, and are still. That is all I ask of you." St. Aubyn breathed a'sigh of relief. " I am quite ready," he said, "andamj glad that the commission is no worse." Brougham laughed. " You expected murder 9" "I did." They looked into each other's eyes, and understood, for both smiled signifi cantly. "You will do nothing until I- return and report to you the strength of this very j Reverend Mr Desborough. St. Aubyn nodded, and an hour later j Brougham drove away in a cab to keep his appointment with John Desborough. (To be Continued). 