TOPICS OF THE WEEK The revenue returns confirm the other proofs that have lately offered themselves to view that Victoria is once more on the up grade. Gone is the gloom which hung upon every face after the financial collapse, and gone with it are the Beamy coats and dim hats which the woe-begone put on to signify tliey were repenting in sackcloth and ashes. Collins-street is again thronged with well-dressed people. The Jubilee illumina tions were characterised by the spirit and liberality which marked Melbourne movements in an earlier day. During the week of rejoicing there was an astonishing outburst of elderly and forgotten colonists. It was like a second spring-the early days themselves returning. Facts that looked quite strange were recognisable everywhere, yet to these faces Melbourne seemed fa miliar enough. Were they from the outer suburbs, to which the sexagenarians quietly retire, and from rural towns? The tale told by the Treasury returns is that the year ending June 90,1897, has yielded .practically £228,000 more revalue than the year be fore. A net increase of £170,000 is shown, but one Sonne of supply, Which yielded ' £43,000 in 1895-8, was cut off 12 months ago, as no longer needed; and another bringing in £15/)00 is not now operating. The increase is principally in the railways, which proves that traffic is growing. There never was any hope of improvement so long as the hum-drum management we had to put up with for three or four yean bad no expedient to try but taking off trains and putting up rates, two effective mesas of losing business. If we had had anything like a fair summer and autumn this year the improvement would hare been marked. It says much for the colony that, withr so many districts suffering from unwonted drought, we should show any improvement at all The Radicals, who resemble tfae crows in the use they make of dull times, are now deprived of their opportunity to croak, and cry for more taxation and the Turner Government will have to go to the country next September with a moderate and sober programme, whether it suits their book to do so or not. The Opposition keepB on shilly-shallying over .the leadership. It consists largely of factions, each with some mem ber at its head who cries down any rival -who may be pot forward. And if any particular , is indicated as competent to bring the scattered elements together, as likely as not he will shyly stand back, the dements-to unite themselves first The result is that the remnants of the Patterson Government, an utterly discredited Administration, do the nominal lading. At the general elec tion of 18M, no one had a good Wed to ay far that Administration but it* own mem* bos and a few supporters, who,stupidly or heroically, were prepared to be drowned with it; yet somehow the few who survived drowning manage to assert tiiepsdyee. lost week It was un^««too| that Mr* U'Eenae, one of the few front sank men to be found in a House of faitares and mediocrities would he selected leader; but the ol4 game of mixed with shrinking from igqponsibih'ty> has beenplayed. Mr. H*K«wae witiidraws into the background to wait for a more oon vsnjentseason; and ilw FattHmonrnanant ?ekes tlis opportunity to hold on to the Sir John Mlntyrcfs tlmpnce almost flat amounts to Tafititti ol offiee -is made tibe excuse fbr £d«a4i* lotion; wi In the mssntisae Mr. O. ft Qsrfatr, ri sU teeo, is gives cliar#e <* tW isiw Mr. Garter, author of the most blundering and purposeless Budget that ever wae delivered in theLegislative Assembly. It is evident that-the rival'factions are thinking'far less of the large interests of the country than of their own excessively small interests as Ministers expectant. In these flabby days, one can but regret that there is no Brown Sequard system applicable to politics-no process of subcutaneous injection, by which virility night be communicated to decay ing masculinity. Our representatives, loll ing upon their benches, make languid pro tests against the way things are drifting; and when Mr. Gillies gets back among them they will revive his happy watchword for letting them drift-"What's the good?" By 71 votes to 22 the Legislative Assembly has decided that it will notput a duty of 2a. 6d. a ton on coal. This ought to settle the question for good and all. The federal con sideration gives courage to members who might otherwise hesitate to seem disloyal to the very much un-"settled policy" of the country. Our friends, the coal shareholders, are too avaricious. Not only do they get the supplying of nearly all thie coal used on the railways, but they get the coal they send to market carried at half rates; rates which do not pay the Railway department, and oblige it to draw on the Treasury. Were it not tor the encouragement the com panies thus receive they could not carry on at all, yet the obtaining of that encourage ment emboldens them to open their mouths to full gape and importune for more. The usual ireconcilable arguments are put forward on their behalf. We are told that a duty of 2s. 6d. a ton will lower the price of coal to the consumer, and raise it for the companies. But the number of persons who can be made to believe statements that manifestly contra I diet each other is rapidly dwindling. We I are told over again that the opening of the K Eorumburra mines brought down the ft price of Newcastle coal. But we really know B (1) that Newcastle came down before B the Eorumburra mines were opened, B and (2) that the instant last year's strike P Newcastle occurred, the Eorumburra E mines put up their rates. So, whether or not > Eorumburra is a check on Newcastle, the I fact is beyond dispute that Newcastle is a I wholesome check upon Eorumburra avarice. The Eorumburra companies know better than respond to Mr. Murray Smith's sugges tion that they should undertake to maintain rates as they are provided they get the duty they want. They prefer, in one and the same breath, to claim the credit of bringing down rates, and to ask Parliament to impose a tax which would have the' same effect as raising Newcastle coal to a price it has hot stood at for many years. Eorumburra coal being so good as it is claimed to be there must be something radi cally wrong in the management for the pits not to pay at current rates. The fact is that the clique of town shareholder* who run the companies bave trusted too much to political influence and tco little! to capital expenditure for the development: of the properties they bavesocheaplyobtained. | The whole of the companies pat together have not as much subscribed capital as one single first-class Newcastle mine; and they have all been too eager at spending their profits as fast as they were made to have suf- j ficent means for purchasing complete andj up-to-date equipment. The greediness | which marked the dividend-distributing' period of the Coal Creek Co., and the put-1 ting up of prices by all the companies last winter, for strike reasons, makes them wish to fo on doing all their expansion at the ex pense of the coal purchasing: public. The Mayor of Melbourne, in a letter to' The Argus," gratefully thanks everybody' for the success which attended last week's Jubilee celebrations. We provide sights I for ourselves to see, and then come together in enormous crofrds to see them. An^ the greatest sight seen last week was the multi-' tude. Never were the streets so full, and never were the peor>Je in them so orderly. The Mayor himself deserves some credit for that, because, without doubt, the wise pro vision-he made for excluding vehicles on Monday night-and for regulating them on Tuesday night-rendered it easy for people to enter and move about the city. Consider ing the closeness of the pack in Swaneton Btreet, it speaks well for the police that the pocket-pickers did so little business, and it was in accordance with poetic justice that the principal victim should be a police magistrate. In regard to the illuminations, they show a marked advance in municipal and departmental taste. Nothing finer could have been wished for than the light ing up of the Treasury and the Houses of Parliament. The double lines of light in Collins-street and Bourke-street seemed in each case to end in tiic facade of an en chanted palace. Nothing could have been more beautiful than the variety and the harmony of colour at the Town-hall. It well deserved to be on view for six suc cessive nights. The daylight processions teach us that we have still much to learn. Fine effect ib always produced by the mili tary, because they have bands and bright uniforms, and marlh with precision. But when the members of friendly societies and such like bodies come out in every-day dress, which is of many cuts, and m»b no attempt to keep line or step, your procession degenerates into the slovenly. " Some men were smoking pipes, some cigars, some carrying handbags, and moBt were "going aa you please." The cyclists, who are bidding for public applause, too, need to give some thought to unity of style and movement. At present the individual rider 18 too prone to act farce' or burlesque. The vehicle does not laid itsdf readily to comedy; «o cyclists' humour, when there oapptm td bo much ot it, is apfc to be neayy. Ji it had not been for the decorated lorries, drawn by teams of magnificent nouses, and a few theatrical pageants^ Satur day's proceedings would have sent agood many thousands of spectators liome yawn ing. ? ' " \- "There does not appear to be any getting away from the universal but cruel law which is responsible for the struggle for supremacy which we see going on every where throughout nature. The struggle is supposed to end, for some good but inscrut able purpose, in the survival of the fittest. A good deal of the legislation which calls itself socialistic aims at nullifying or miti gating the rigour of natural law. In the demands which the Trades-hall party makes from time to time for a state bank, the one thing evident is that that party favours a scheme for providing money at the cheapest rate for persons with the worst credit. It is a reversal of the old maxim that high interest means bad security. The badness of the security is to be a recommendation for pouring out the money-other people's money, the savings of the careful. - But the Trades-hall party believes in no such philan thropic rule in the domain of labour, and is as earnest for the survival of the fittest .as the most thorough-going Darwinian could desire. Wages are a thing which seem to regulate themselves according to a social law which Parliament experiences great difficulty in setting aside. Parliament a year ago took steps to fix on a minimum beyond which they should not fall. But it could not provide employers to pay all the persons who were willing to work for such minimum, and certain numbers in various trades find themselves left out in the cold. It is the men who-arlTihost Skilled who can not get work.'-T^&'Bnd^-skilled/ who ac cept less thsfn^ie minimum, are getting the jobs. Plehty^f individuals are conniving at seeming^ev^sions fdf-tne- minimum rule in order to\ obtain ^ wages of. some kind. Some worlnnto/ j^^e 'fur^lture trade, by setting up "factories^' -are 'e&iploying; the machinery of the Factories Act to set that act at defiance over this very matter of the minimum wage. A state of things which was not only foreseen but foretold is now being denounced by Trades-hall mem bers of Parliament. Mr. Prendergast, in his savage way, makes out all contractors and Government inspectors to be criminals, while Mr. Hancock coolly asks Parliament to complete the work it has begun by de claring that good workmen shall be em ployed and not botchers, which is the very thing that ordinary social law, ending in the survival of the fittest. Beeka to bring about. When it comes to the point, both Mr. Prendergast and Mr. Hancock are for the rigorous exclusion of workmen of mode rate capacity; and Mr. Mephan Ferguson, the iron bridge contractor, finds himself pointed to as an enemy of labour because he keeps room in his workshops for two men who have had the ill-luck to lose most of their iingers. It is ever the person who has to tell the truth when bringing bad news, and never the person who is the cause of such news being bad, that gets blamed. Cleopatra not only beat, but cursed, the messenger who brought the bad news that Antony had married Octavia. Much in the same spirit of fury, but without any of Cleopatra's grace, certain protectionists are engaged in scolding the lecturing and writing free traders who are compelled to show that the protectionists are engaged in falsifying statistics. Anyone who contradicts their misleading statements is "libelling Vic toria." To do otherwise than tell fibs about the condition of things which exces sive duties have brought us to is to be un patriotic. One would think that true pa triotism consisted in finding out how it is that we are getting left behind, and doing something to free ourselves from the clogs which prevent us from keeping up the pace we have ceased to maintain. One contro versialist, in order to explain away the ex cess of population shown by New South Wales, credits that colony with 200,000 per sons who have been attracted thither by loan expenditure, and by capital which Vic torians have invested in New South Wales. No credit is taken in the Victorian balance sheet for persons attracted hither by money invested in Victoria by New South Wales capitalists. Did any writer ever more zeal ously or more foolishly give his case away? Why on earth should Victorians want to invest capital in New South Wales, and then follow after it in thousands, if all that is claimed for protection be true? A colony that is alleged to be only creeping along under free trade ought to be no place for the investment of Victorian money and the settlement erf Victorian people. What inducement can there be to embark in enterprise in a region asserted to be sterile, when the opportunities we have within our own territory, under favour of the tariff, are so inviting? But these various attempts to explain away population and trade are hopeless. The population and. trade are there, however ingeniously they may be accounted for; and it is time that Victorian residents whose interests are bound up with Victorian success made in quiry as to the best mode of getting rid of every weight which handicaps us in the contest with our active and thoroughly satisfied neighbour. The transfer of dock work from the closed port to the open port ib only one among many signs of the times that something is decidedly wrong; and the sooner we discover the cause the better. Your violent protectionist, who loses his temper, and takes to screaming whenever calm inquiry is proposed, simply adopts the feminine artifice of going off into hysterics when the masculine member of the house hold proposes to quietly reason the matter out. The reasons given by the Minister of De fence for letting the Rupertewood battery drop are such as condemn the Defence de partment for ever sanctioning its enrol ment. Mr. M'Culloch as good as says it is merely ah expensive bobby. He is advised that it is of no special utility as part of our defence scheme; and even if there are citi zens willing to step into Sir William Clarke's shoes, he doubts if their patriotism will last. In short, Mr. M'Culloch throws cold water with steady industry and some effect on all suggestions for prolonging the existence of the one military corps in Aus tralia which owes its existence to private liberality. At the suggestion that the Go vernment should for the future carry on the battery the Minister holds up his hands in horror. With him the bawbee objection has ever been decisive. To maintain the battery would involve an annual expendi ture of £2,000! Hitherto the state has grudgingly given £600, and let Sir William Clarke pay £1,400 a year. Mr. M'Culloch apparently thinks that military services should be obtained for next to nothing. But the better the case he makes out the worse is the censure that his department must accept. For if the reasons are so strong why the Rupertswood battery should be dropped, it ought never to have been sanctioned at all. The department ought to be ashamed of itself for letting Sir William Clarke waste so much money over a service which it condemns as hope lessly useless. When Sir William offered to be at the expense of founding the Rupertswood battery, it received his offer with approbation, and promised that in due time, there should /be a proper equip ment of guns. A fine body of men were got together, and so well did Sir William think of them that he sent a selection of them to England at his own expense to attend the opening of the Imperial Insti tute. They had the distinction of being personally inspected by the Queen. They formed part of the Royal escort, and they shared with the contingent from New South Wales the honour and glory of being the first Australian troops seen on parade in the streets of London. But between the founding of the battery and the arrival of the time when the Government had to fulfil its promise an economising Trea surer and a thrifty Minister of Defence came into office, so when the guns were asked for. Sir William Clarke was told none could or would be supplied. Just before his untimely and sudden death he had to suffer the chagrin of learning that j for some years he had been throwing money away. No value was put by the state on the service he had rendered in establishing military fervour in the breasts of a considerable number of young Vic torians. He was thanked with empty words, yet, in effect, told that the Govern ment were not sorry the play was ended.' And, now that Sir William Clarke is dead, Mr. M'Culloch coolly says that he does not believe in corps being kept up by private enterprise. This is a strange announce ment for a Minister to make who had to let a private citizen, his particular crony, bear the cost of sending a. representative Victorian rifle team to the Jubilee tourna ment at Bisley. It will be singular if butter keeps Queens land out of the Australian federation. The producers of the article of diet which made Mr. Middle^rick rich admit that there is much to be said in favour of fede rating for national defcnce, but they ask how they are ta keep up prices in Brisbane if there is intercolonial free trade. It seems that the competition that the More ton Bay dairymen declare themselves to be afraid of is that which would come from Victoria, if it were not for the duty. Queensland butter is affirmed to be the best in Australia. The reason is said ta be that Queensland has the best climate in Austra lia, and grows grass nine months out of the twelve, -which no colony in the temperate regions of Australia is believed to do! The readers of the "Courier" are gravely told that cattle in Victoria get shivering fits in February (one of our hottest months), and shiver on from then until next summer. Nevertheless, Queensland dairymen can only make dairying pay by excluding but ter made in Victoria under the most ad verse circumstances. Mr. Couldery, of New Farm, naively acknowledges "that the local market is' the one where we ex pect to make our profits, and export the action of relieving that market, so that profit can be made." In other words, we charge what we like in Brisbane, and ex port all we cannot locally sell, so as to keep up prices. Mr. Couldery is quite un conscious of there being any unfairness to other persons than dairymen and butter men in such a state of things; and for once the protectionist admits that a protective duty raises prices, and by doing so enables the local producers to collect bounty money from the people, poor and rich. There is one thing overlooked. The competition which the Queenslander refuses to face in the local market, where he has the best means of coping with it, will meet him in London, to which his Australian competi tors export more largely than himself; and it wiU not be long, if dairying goes on de veloping, before London rates rule thebutter market in Brisbane, as surely as they do the grain market in Sydney, Adelaide, and Melbourne. When they do so, will the Queensland dairymen cry out that they are "niined" (as they threaten now to do), or will they manfully and successfully adapt their system of production to the requirements of trade? With the Clarence planters objecting to the admission into New South Wales of Queensland sugar, under intercolonial free trade, and the Gippslander protesting against the removal of the stock duty, which keeps Queens land cattle and New South Wales sheep out of Victoria, federation seems as far off as the millennium, which is to witness the fjoming together of. a|[ nations and all re ligion* Yet, surely the policy expressed | in jealousies'of this sort is too pettifogging to promise well for Australian expansion. Mre. Olipbant, -whose death is announced by cable, was one of the most popular, pro lific, and meritorious writers of the day. She wrote novels for half a century, and must have averaged something like one work of fiction a year. But even more re markable than the number of her stories was their high average merit. She never wrote anything that was not readable and interesting, and though she cannot be said to have reached the highest flight in fiction she sometimes came very near to it. Her "Chronicles of Carlinford" are admirable pictures of English middle-class life, full of humour, pathos, and delineation of cha racter. Unlike so many recent novelists, Mrs. Oliphant refrained from entering into the region of problems sexual or other wise, and she was never sensational or melodramatic. She described life as she found it, and few writers have given us more varied and interesting stories or a wider range of characters. In her later life she was greatly drawn towards the supernatural or quasi-supernatural, and wrote short tales for "Blackwood's Maga zine," dealing with that class of pheno j mena. Several Scottish writers of our day, such as George MacDonald and Andrew Lang, have shown a similar liking for ghostly subjects, and a tendency to believe in the occasional intrusion into our sphere of spiritual beings from "behind the veil." Their use of the super natural is very different from that of Shakespeare and Scott, who simply dealt with ghosts, fairies, and witches as matters of popular and traditional belief, and as good material for the drama or novel. Mrs. Oliphant, however, had not in a high degree the faculty possessed by some modern writers of chilling the blood and making the flesh creep by mysterious incidents and weird suggestions. Horror and mystery were not her forte, and although her tales of "the unseen" attracted a good deal of attention, they are not among her best writings. Her broad sympathy for every type of human nature made her within cer tain limits very successful as a biographer, and her lives of Edward Irving, Montalem bert, and Laurence Oliphant are among the best recent works in that department of literature. As a critic Mrs. Oliphant's limitations were obvious. She was genial and rational, and could give a sensible and sympathetic estimate of a new book or writer, but she was not original or pene trating. Moderation and commonsense were the key notes of her critical judg ments, and she never tried to rise out of her social and intellectual environment i and judge an author by canons independent1 of any particular time or country. Hence her multitudinous reviews of books are of no permanent value. She was a mainstay of "Blackwood's Magazine", for many years, and it is understood that she was engaged on a history of the firm at the time of her death. The big scheme formulated by Mr. Ernest Terah Hoolcy, the speculating millionaire, for uniting the Australian and New Zea land meat freezing and export companies into a single gigantic organisation, seems to dazzle people who admire things that aie vast and incomprehensible. No doubt the bringing together of various competing' interests, none of which are very large, would do away with a good deal of profit less rivalry, and enable breeders and freezers to attack the English market with j more success than they can manage at present.. Graziers who ship through freezing companies complain now and j again t^at the account sales Bhow no sur plus; the freezing companies complain that they cannot get their meat put fairly be- j fore the British public; and the "middle-! men" of London and elsewhere are ac cused in the usual terms of preferring their own interest to that of the freezing companies out of whose business they make their fortunes. There are arguments, therefore, in favour of combining for the economising of effort- and the concentra tion of energy. But how does Mr. Hooley come upon the 6cene? A year or so ago he was concerned in putting Dunlop tires on the market, at the enormous price of £3,000,000, and his next big operation was floating off Bovfjl-article Gf food whipgtfjie^' Iftitish public has dis covered/umier" the teaching of Mr. Hooley to ha/a« A pnasejjfc, capital value of £2,000,y00,> Thesesuccessful notations have pr<§{t^y. .yielded a full million be tween thi^^/^ieT^i^tvOiBaiiiser. The opening viBiljIeMx^JSK. =Hotfley is that r£ showing people that the businesses they run are of immensely more value (from a market point of view) than they suppose. So he buys in at one price, and floats off at another, very much as certain Ian! boomers did with the paddocks a round Melbourne in the early eighties. But Mr. Hooley's operations do not invariably go off happily. When the £1 shares of the Grappler Pneumatic Tire and Cycle Com pany were at 4/, Ernest Terah Hooley and M. F. Rucker bought in largely, and then gave out that they had entered into an agreement to purchase the company's busi ness for £385,000. Up went the shares to £4; and Messrs. Hooley and Rucker sold out at euch profit that they were able without loss to forfeit the deposit of £25,000 they had paid towards buying the company's business. It is alleged that they never intended to buy the Eusincgn, but only gave out that they intended to buy, in order to boom the shares they had to sell. Mr. Robert C. Reid has accordingly sued them "for havitog fraudulently conspired to induce him to ouy shares in the Grap pler Pneumatic Tire and Cycle Company." The cefcadante have asked the Queen's Bench division of the Hieh Court to rale that Mr. Reid's claim discloses no cause of action; but the Court has decided against them, and an interesting case may, ere Ions, come to trial. 