BEYOND THE BOUNDARY . ' -.-ifftfEJir^lOLB^]. A bark wiled out toward* the sea— A graoeful bran-n#w yacht j The wind was blowing ftejh and free, Bright wavelet* rippled Jneath tor Its, As on she daneed right merrily, Abreast the Iron Pot. Tbe lads were roll of life and play, Their unole Diok was not; He closeS on deok that Christmas day, Until be a*jr the ooean spray, In sunlit show'rs of pearly gray, Break o'er the Iron Pot. Then up lie rojte with'fearful shout, Id language fiery hot, (Theypungsters thought that sudden gout Hud thus their anoient gnest put out) Commanded, ' Put the ship about, We're paet the Iron Pot !' The lads obeyed and bouted ship, And whispered, '.Off hie dot lr The old man stood with trembling lip, And gripped a stay with anxious grip, Tbk while a eea-breei* made her skip Back paet the Iron Pot. And then «. smile broke Versus face, Unfastened came the knot That tied bis tongue, and not a traco Of fear displayed the bard oil case; Right jovially he spUoed tha braoe, This side the Iron Pot. * * * Tbe rough old file had made a pil«, Ho bought the boys the yjioM, And cruised witb/tiienrfcinatiyaiile On Perifebt's etr- amin-br$«zy style, But they could never him beguile Below the Iron Pot. (As well the old man oould have told, His nephew's little lot Would not be worth much yellow gold If certain happenings of old Had no stone 'cross his pathway rolled Below tbe Iron pot.) Of conrse tie lads were bonnd to try, By cunning plan and plot By gentle words and questions sly— To ascertain the reason why Their nnele Diok would tatner die Than pass the Iron Pot. But all in vain. The old man saidj ' Don't talk «noh blanky -rot 1' Then turned to hide bis mantling red And murmured with uncovered head, ' I want to sail there when I'm dead, 1 Out past the £qmf ot.V f Then silenced maj the merfcyjeet ; ilWuck item like a ehffij That bondm-iray was unolety best-* With ftrtowsCroiditaraped on big vest, And on his name a blot— When first he came, bis country's guest, Dp past the Iron Pot. The boys were careless, bnt they rowed I To shun the tender spot ; I And, when the old jnan sought kis «'hroii-!l I Twas known to few in all the crowd I That nnole Kick ni net allowed ? Beyond the Iron Pot. ? * * * H ? Hiirht merrily tbe blue waves glide, I Beneath the pretty yacht ; I Far down the channel she may ride ? Oo all days in the year beeiilo ? The day that dear old iJncl* aied ; 1 The boys would rather not I Sail on that day, whate'er betide, I Below tUe Iron Pot, I Some fisher folk adown the coast— I Their names I're since forgot— I (And fisher folk ire want to boast) 1 Once told to me who loved him most, I That onoe a year the old man's ghost I Sails past the Iron Pot. ? The night is al ways wild and black, I A silent crew he's got, I And though his filmy sails are slack, I ' fie goes ahead without a taok ; I Broad Arrows gleam adotvn his tract I Beyond the Iron Pot. I 1897\. — John- Diuymhs. 1 