' 111 Hoc Signo.' It was hot in Borderville. Ay, so hot that you could fee the pepper treeB shrink and curl their leaves and visibly wilt under the feroo br;olh of tho wcBtern beat ware, • Hadn't you belter wait till ti e raina come, Jim, dear, till the rains eome before starting f' asked a girl of her lover as the pair eat in one of the coolest spots in that township where all were hot, ' Mfiht wait for a blue moon, dar ling,' replied Jim Traynor, as his arm stole round Clara Maybury'e elim waist, and hie face approaohed her own. 'If wo don't make e push aome other fellows will. From all accounte, it'e a fortune if we can find it.' ' Yes, if you can,' said Clara, doubtfully. 'There! there! Jim, that will do. It's loo hot for that sort of thing,' ehe continued, ae the young man's good- looking face, oom ing closer still, ehe gave bim a slight push away. ' Oh! all right,' exclaimed Trayuor, rising ; ' considering this may be our laet mooting for many mouths 1 don't think yon need be bo jolly particular to a kife more or Ibbs on acoount of the weather.' 'You know it'e not that, Jim,' replied Clara Maybury, her rather eold blue eyeB softening as ehe spoke; 1 but the heat makes one irritable and nervous. There, then, will that dof Ob! if you only have luok this time you'll take me away from this ho -rid place, won't you P Father hae tiled iu Tain onoe more to get an exohange.' ' And little wonder 1' returned Jim, grimly, «Fanoy a manager from the mountain country on the ooast want ing to come here! Why, he might juet ae well apply for a shift to Hades at onoa. Why, yeB, of course, Clara, if this epeo should turn np trumps, we'll get married quite suddenly, and never cry oraok rill we smell old tfonaro'e mountain land on our honeymoon. Eo cheer up, dear est, and let ub hope in the good time coming.' Ilut no color came into the girl's pale face ae ehe allowed her be trothed to kiss ber onoe more; neither shaping her passive lipe to his nor moving het hands lying clasped be fore her on her lap, ' My God, Clara, you're bb cold ae ioe to me/ exoHimed Jim, with a ring of exasperated passion in his voice as he suddenly folded her in his arms and kissed her repeatedly, causing, at leaet, the fair cheeks to flueh redly and the bine eyes to gleam with eome of the light that shone In his own. Carried out of ber usual calm contained eelf, she retnrned his caresses with almost as much fervor as even he conld wish for; eetling his hoBrt at rest by repeated assur ances of her love. And, indeed, Jim Traynor, with his well eet.np figure and handsome features, was a'man any girl in llorderville would have been only too pleaeed to own ae a lover, almost penniless as he was. Twelve monthe ego, at the time of hiB engagement to Clara Haybhry, the only daughter of the manager of the Bank of Carpentaria in that far border township, Traynor had owned a compact, if email, elation eome few miles out. But, in a luckless moment I backing eome bills for a friend, the j inevitable in auoh cases overtook him, and he had to pay up. This so serionsly (exed hie resources that the long drought completely finished him. Finding himself praetioaliy homeless, be had offered Clara ber iiberty. This she had indignantly refused. Then Jim had turned his hand to different things, dealing, droving, etc., but without making a mere livelihood. Now, a wandering bushmtn had given him and two others ' the straight tip' as to the whereabontB of an opal mine far away to the west, acrosB the desert country. The man had been in Traynor's employ in the good times of Ngori station. And although just at present ill in lbs! hospital, and consequently inoapable of guiding Mm to the spot, he had sent for his former msBter, and pro fessing himself mindful of many past little kindnesses, given him sueh explicit directions that Jim thought there conld be no difficulty in die ooverlng the exaot pleas. Thus with a oouple of other young men, eons of neighbouring squatters neurly at the end of their tether through drought and rabbits, be was setting oat to tempt fortune by a new road. Manager May bury — a widower whose only child Clara was—had openly advocated the breaking off of the engagement. But his daughter who managed him would not hear of sueh a thing. Still, bow bitter the downfall of all her hopes had been when Ngori 'smashed' no one but herself knew. Jim, perhaps, partially guessed. So far, however, no word of the might-have-been had passed between them. Only, and for the brat titne( that morning had the girl's horror of her environments her long ing to get array, found speech. Un demonstrative as abe was by nature, she loved Jim Traynor as much as lay in her to lovo anybody, and was loth to have him venture into the wilderness on a quest that aeemed to her mare than doubtful. But at the j same time she bitterly, if secretly, resented the loss of Ngori and all: that it meant to her. • Sling Traynor, Clara, and pick up with some fellow who can keep you —young Mills, for instance,' had been hard-drinking old Maybury'a advice. But Mills, Inspector of Roads and ■ Bridges, possessed no attraction for Clara when it came to a choice be-.. ' trveen the two. And yet she was coldly angry—causelessly, unjust); angry as she told hersplf. For why should a man be such a fool to back bills for bis friends, and thus throw away money that would have. kept a wife in comfort t Mills, with his £500 a year, could do it easily. But then—she loved the other man. And, if this opal quest should turn outr-r but then ehe had heard of so many such ventures. Oh I if Jim could have only married her at once!.at onoet and taken her away from the terrible town and druoken father,and the squalor and beat and hideonaness of the life.. Such were the thoughts which passed through her .mind as almost mechanically she returned her lover's farewell kissee. 'Give me something for luck, darling,' eaid Jim, as at last he rose to go. Her mood had changed ; and, per haps, with some vague prevision of the future, she held him tightly to her and kissed him on lip and cheek. Then, taking a silver croBs from her neck, where it had hung from child hood, she pnt it over his own. ' In hoe Signo,* Baid he, as he read, the motto upon it for the thousandth time, but on this occasion with a new meaning. Then caught by a passing fancy, he continued, half in jest half in earnest,' and by this sign, then, promise me, dear one, that until it returns to you yon will give neither leart nor hand to any man.' And he ie laughed lightly. But, to his surprise, Clara kissed he cross passionately,~ and swore what be asked aa if with an aclnalpre sent aenae of twlief. Then./alipping the thing inside his shirt, she sat back pale and worn-looking. ■„ > The heat waves still danced along the while wide dnety street as Tim Tray nor stepped, ont of the bank and looked up, and kissed his haad To farewell to the white face -shrined in its wealth of yellow hair that, gazed blankly ont at him from the: green blinds—a face for Rpspttj or ffolman Hunt, or Burne-Jones tp have immortalised on their canyat. But one so incongrooQsly 1 place in a back-block township thai leven Traynor, in whom romance had little share, was startled and paused' many times to look bsck hpon th^ picture it made. . Then, whilst; he strode along, past the crackling Aofa of the inland furnace tn whose street no living being was seen save a few of Qenghifi Khan's camels nibbling tbp roley-poleys that a sodden willy-willy now and again brought.off the open' spaces that lay on every .hand, Clara Maybnry aat down to.her piano and crooned aoftly to herself fragments of a song she had once.heard, but for gotten utterly till that moment:— ftaily bedigh', a gallant knight, Through sunshine end through rhadow, Bode nlong. singing a song, nnd looking few El Dorado. - But lis grew old, that night so .bold, And e'er bis heart a shadow' Fell when he found nn spot of ground That looked like El Dorado. Wearied at longth, and losing strength, ■ He met a pilgrim shadow; ' Shadow,' said he, ' where can it be— This land of R1 Dorado.' * Over the moontataaof iho moon, And down the vsls of shadow, Ride, boldly ride,' the shadow replied, ' For there lies Eldorado.' 1 And so yon are going out back again, Mr. Traynor, I hear, saidi Bessie Armour. 'What are you after this time ?' And the pretty barmaid at the' Hoyal' looked rather anxious-: ly at Jim as she set glasses before himself and his two friends, Barclay and Harrison. 'Oh, the eame old thing, Bessie* replied Jim. ' Or rather—I don't mind telling en old friend like yon we've got on the track pi an opal mine and are off to see if we ean'spot it.* ~ Bessie sighed, and the fresh colour in her cheeks came and went, She was a pretty girl, brown-haired, brown eyed, and with a complexion nnin-, debted to anything but cojd water. More, ehe was what everybody spoke of emphatically as a ' good girl,' than which no higher praise can fall to one in her position. And'she! had loreS Jim Traynor ever sioce ehe had firat seen him, four years ngo'bow, drive up to the door of the1 Royal" one show time; beeping her aecret as beat she might, often with much effort. She had cried when the' smash' came, and Jim had hissed her and ealledher a hind- bearted little thing, and told her not to fret. Also later, having made a good cheque out. of some horses, he bought Resale a gold chain and locket. Thus the pair became: wonderfully good friends; aside it' was even rumoured that they might eoine day make a match of it. Such things often happen and nobody any ! the worse. And it says-much for Bessie that no one, even in the; Western freedom of the bar parlor,; erer, when for smash came, chaffed her, or, indeed, -ventured do-hint >in^ any way that she had, to use the: local phrase in such matters," 'fallen in.' " ■ ■ .■■■'. .j.' . ' All the sanity Bessie hated with a; very wholesome hatred .indeed that woman with the pre>Rapheelite face and figure wKb had worked bet'down fail. * y y."^:-y As for dim, he seemed, and pro bably really . eras, Sublimely' iincori scions that anytbing waa expected of him, or thai: he had, as the word goes, '"treated the girlbadly.' Cer tainly Bessie never .gave anyone causq to say. so,. -Atllthe same, people spoke of the matter .amongst them selvbfi; and'.ttr.and %rs. Curtis, at the parsqnsge, iind others, were, in consequence, stoiol to the yonng man. - But Bessie had pocketed her pride and gone on loving .'him better than ever. :Ah^ t»w,»B^ahe,watched Jim, her eybs were heavy " with unshed tears, for she knew, that. he: was bonnd on a" long' And dangerous journey across country that even Genghis Khan and his camel train fought Shy of. " Bo much she gathered as the three talked together in fthe hot little parlour, adjoining the bar, whilst froth the yard outside cams' the impatient stamp of their horses, packed and ' ready, awaiting what wasaaieasticallyknown si 'the cool of the evening1 in these parts. « "Well,* said Jim at last, ' good bye, Bessie. If look's with uS, yon shall have a set of opals that there's not the like of in the west. A Idas tor fortune, Bess, and then I'm off.* For a moment the girl hesitated, fhen, throwing her arms round Us neob.abe ItlBBedhlm twioe, thrice^ and berating into tear*,ran from the room. , ' Soft-hearted little thing,' com. mentedJim, in arather surprised tone, * But we Were slwayeflrelrrate drome, Bees andl.' ( 1 My God!' muttered Barolay, Who was do&rae.;, • And to think lie oan't' eee, or won't see,' how gone the .poor' gal iedn hiin, and all becenee o{ that white faood girl over at the bank.' | * Slokenin', ain't Itf' replied Hani. ion, Who was of rather finer fibre. • Here she is, ea full of lore and affeotionfor the fellow-ae she cap be, and there's that Maybury girl with no morel feeling-than a blaoh snshe. And Jim most go and bach up to her ] By jingo, but eotne ohept are blind ae batBt' ' . j . And eooui, into the broad afreet," with the fading pepper treea.,along jteaides; whiteulondaof fine dost rising-under the horses''hoofs, fierce metallio clatter of cicadas from patches of torrid garden, apd at. the for end, right in the rider'atraok, a red globeof fire swinging lpw on. to the tope of the planted ecrnb, In one room girl .1 eerving drinhs with,a bresklng.hesrt. ,In anolhei, one who still mnrmpred to her self :— Wearied, at length, and losing strength, He met a pilgrim shadow.. 1 Shadow,' said he, ' where can it be— This land of £1 Dorado.' Time paiaed, bnt the drought did not; and around Borderville the heat ware danced and quirered aa of yore. All the people who could had gone away to cooler regions. But amongst them the -Mayburys were not num bered. And misfortune had come to them in euoh wise tbet it eeemed they might never lb all" their liven get, away. Mr. Maybury, as a consequence of perpetual " boozing," ,had lost hiB position in the bank, and now, with his daughter, was living in a little camp-oven of a cottage etuck right io the eye of .the suu—a hut .almost adown whose chimney camels came and looked ipquisitiveiy, BDd through w.hoBe shrunken slabs the desert dust 'blew in. clouds. And the white-faced girl, with the eyes of eteely blue, pple face, and great masses of maise-colnpred. hair, ate her eoul out in ..themitery and squalor of the place, While her father loafed for drjnks at thesbar pf the ' Koysl.' ; . V ' iviCfl Willi* ow |iru|iuseuj*uu twice ( lie had been rejected; Jim. Srayuori had been, gone three ibng months withopt giving, any sign. % And, abropd,. Mr. Maybury pjibliely.be-: wailed the faet.that. his wife, should have ever borne htca an pndutiful daughter. At home he.eat.and cried miserably to her.to.go and marry: -Mills and his £500 per annum, . '"What's the good ofwaiting, yon fool! you fool!' he wailed. 'Spose Trsynor comes bach, oven—whichhn never will—he'll be a bigger broker than ever.' Don't talk/to me about j opals! Rubbish ! If he'd only kept! Ngori, and pot acted liken fool, we'll both ha'-been out o' this cntsed hole long since. -Mills is going to get a shift next month, to Armidale,*nd a Tisei'too.' Why shouldn't we go with him? Oh, yon ungrateful fool 1' And Bessy, looking on and serving drinks, and. exulting in the other woman's misery as only a woman can, wondered, nevertheless, Wjfh much wonder why she hesitated. For the girl read Clara like a book, and well; knew that she was not made pf the stuff that stands pressure of tbe kind she was being subjected to. - -But the fact was—Clara Maybury was frightened. Like many other slow-blooded, bot sympathetic, people of her stampt she was .superstitions. And she hsd sworn on the cross to be faithful and .true!" * Neither heart nor hand to any man,*. Jim, she .re-, membered hid only. said. ih jqfeiogly. Yet she, fool that abe^wasj must go and swear it solemnly, Y95, after al), her father was rights-she lop^nFool. But abe could not hreak' tfapf bath. In Hoe .fiiyno ! And^Sh'e shuddered as she thought of V. dead.' man's presence haunting '{hot - length of weary days should she^enccumb -to temptation. :: J '' Time passed. And theb, odb day, a camel train fromtheWestwocd brought. in two dared andbraken wrecks of what had once bend sturdy bnshmen nataedrMphotivelyBatelaf and 'Harrison. And all theyhad to toll was told in a tew ssnienoes: native wells diy,dsa& hone's hun ger, tidrst,madnees, and themocklng of the nnsalnted desert. Butfof some friendly blasks : they , never wonld have been able to make in to wherethey met the" eametn. ■ As for Trsynor—poor Jim—at one tt their desert .camps, delirious and crying □pon a certain girl's name, he had' wandered away through the night j end vrhenths "others -»t.dewn><j-': •cmed their painful crawl through the iieivy gjrinifex, there waa neth log in light. What could theydpjP; It was death to Blayand search. Better oue die than three. It waa the; law of the -desert. Besides, "he waa 'lower and weaker than they.' The; 'failure to fad the opal had preyed on* his .mind, and he wa» worrying.' Prbbably he had died the same night. That waa the brief story told' by ^ this pair of; ghosts thfe wilderaeaa - liaii! given op. C \--And Clara MaybnryahnddertjJ, again aa in her drowns ahe aaw that form atrnggling madly through*the prickly spioifex,^with' hostsogrotM of 4 Clsml Clara!' from ita parchek lipa.. Well) all .waa ended noaCfoy bimV; but not for ber. Bren death, ahe held, could. not absolreher fi bet .' oath:' And arilF'thare wafc tnorb of; superstitious -fear .than "of. con science in bar dismal resolution. •'That is all I hare,' Bessie Armour waa saying to Geogbii Khan; a night or. two after .the news came, aaVshe pointed to a email heap Of notes, a gold watch, locket, and chainj and other jewellery thai-she had brought; to the ludiau'a tent In a'bandkerebief. ' Take it. atid iehd me t camel. I'm going tofin dJi tn,or know .the reason why.' —■ ' A long journey and a hard one,. my aister,' aaid the other, stroking .a big black .beard meditatively, ' with poaaibty, disappointment attbe end ot it. Bat What eaith onr prophet, * the way of a woman .is aa the way of a beating- wove upon a rock.' There fore shall thougo. Tor again Vis it no.t written that' a kind word coateiji naught, and yet may mean all good things to the. giver thereof.*.. There fore ehalt thon go. For when. I and. my wife journeyed hither, and people aaw that ahe was white, they mocked, all.bnt thon, who faadat ever a pleas ant greeting and friendly smile for one that tby people looked upon as outcast. Therefore, put up tby money, and the jewels. If any man - can find' thy lover it isHaaaan Ati, who ar r'.red with tba train that brought the two otherB in. He shalt go With thee. Thon. ahait ride mine o*n beast, Ayeeha, and may the blessing of Allah attend thee in tby quest.-* ~ The shadow of a great ropliina: weary lend ; facet black,, hut kindly grouped around a fragile shelterof spears and skins, under .which' lies, a man; dying with hi* bead inewoman'jj lap. < All "the western eky. js^nglow. with clouds of hyacinth -and. jasper, amber, and streaks of vivid purple—jj desert ennset. Two hobbled camels,, browse on tbe spinifei. The man's eyes are fixed intently ekyward. Presently he mtirmnrs, tell her I loved her, Bessie, Tell her I eaid so' with my last breath. And, Bessie, give.her tbe cross you'll find lying on my heart. In Hoe Sipie, Clara! Tee* yonder lies the opal field 1 But,'; too late 1 too late 1' And he lay back dead. ' 'I found him whilst you were fit ting idle here,** said a tanned And ragged woman, entering abruptly and standing in front of Clara. Maybury. *Ilored him 1 • But you never,did! Ton don't know what ldVeiej .He eeot you this, too l' And.as the woman turned to go, aeilver crossand chain fell at Clara's feet. That night Mills was coming'for his final answer, before, departing for his hew ntstio n jn tb e pleasant tableland ot New England. —Grafton^ Etamtner, 