on, THE DAiSJGERFJELD MYSTERY Sr MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXVI.—(Continued.) un the morning: following'on the dis ^r>\/llade ,Jy ’~aPtain O'Donnell of Jf11'\ale scar on Miss Herncastie’s -temple that gallant officer took his way through the town of Castleford to the pleasant cottage adjoining the church ..yard wherein Katherine Dangerfield six years ago had died. A family named Wilson resided in the -cottage at present—that much he had -ascertained at his inn. They had taken possession the very week in which Mr Otis had left, and had been there ever • since. Mrs Wilson, a rosy little matron, answered the door in 'person, And ushered her military visitor at once fen tolie parlor,Captain O’Donneirs busi ness with Mrs Wilson was very simple. -He understood that the servant woman who had lived in the family of Mr Otis six years ago was now in the sendee of Mrs W iison. Could lie see her a 1Y10 -ment or two in private? The little mistress of the cottage open ed two bright brown eyes in surprise, •but answered readily in the affir mative. He meant Dorcas, of course— Dorcas had come to her with the house, and Dorcas was in the kitchen at pre- ! sent, and would wait upon the gentle man at once. Mrs Wilson went, and Dorcas came— a stout, elderly woman, with an intelli gent face. ■ “I wish to obtain a few particulars concerning the sudden death of a young lady in this house six years ago," the ■chasseur began, plunging into the sub ject at once. “Ttou remember her. of course? Her name was Katherine Dan gerfield.” Tes. Dorcas remembered perfectly Well—remembered as though it were but yesterday. She had come to the cottage late in the evening—a cold, dark winter evening it was—to see the sick young man, Mr Dantree. Mr Otis liimseif had let her in. The next thing she heard, half on hour later, was Mrs Otis scream— bad rushed in. Miss Dangerfield was lying then on the sofa, .white and still, and Dr Graves said she was dead. "You saw her dead?” “ Yes, poor dear ; s,nd a beautiful corpse she made—calm, and white, and peaceful, and looking more as though she were asleep than dead.” “How long was she kept here before she was buried?” the soldier asked. “Only three days, sir; and she looked lovely to the last. I remember her well', lying in her coffin, with flowers all round her like marble or waxwork, and missis a-crying over her, and master With a face like white stone.” “Humph!” Captain O’Donnell said, knitting his brows. Katherine Dangerfield had died, then, and Miss Herncastle had nothing what ever to (Jo with her, in spite of ail the astounding coincidences. “One question more, my good woman. How long after the funeral was it that 3f.‘ Otis left this place for London?” “About a month, sir—yes. just a month! I think they would have gone sooner, but for the unexpected arrival of his cousin, the sick young lady from Essex.” Captain' O’Donnell had risen to go. At these last words he suddenly sat down again. “The sick young lady from Essex? Ah, "1 think this may be what I want to hear! "When did you say the sick young lady •came?” —- • .On the very identical night, of the, funeral, sir, and most unexpected. I 'had gone to bed, and missis, she came to my room next morning before I was up, all white and in a tremble, and says to me, ‘Dorcas, get up at once, and heat water for a bath;’ and then she sat -flown in a chair, looking fit to droi>. I •asked her if any one was ill, and she •said yes, a young lady who had come in the night, a niece of hers from Essex, and she was going to stop with them a few days. She begged me to keep it a se cret. The young lady was weak-like in her intellect, and they would be obliged -£o confine her to her room.I promised not to speak of it, for missis she looked •trembling and frightened to death al most. And so she was all the time the strange young lady was in the house.” “How long was that?” “Not quite a fortnight, sir; and a sight of bother she made—all her meals took up to her room, and missis a-trotting up and down all day long a-waiting upon her herself.” “What was she like—'this young lady?” “That I couldn’t tell, sir. I never laid ■eyes on her, leastwise except once. "Master and missis, kept waiting on her all day long, and missis she slept with 'her in the same room at night.” “But you sawhor once.” “Yes. sir: but I didn’t see her face. She never stirred out all day long, and at night I used to hoar sounds of foot steps and doors softly opening and shut ting. One night X watched, and I heard •the house-door shut softly, and directly' after I spies master walking in the back ■garden with a lady on his arm. It was a cloudy sort of night.and I couldn’t see her very plainly—1 couldn’t see her face at all. She was tall, and dressed in flark clothes, and—but this was only a notion of mine—if Miss Dangerfield hadn’t been dead and buried I should have said the height and the figure were iilce hers.” The blood rose dark and red over the sun-browned face of the African soldier. Eor an instant his hreath seemed fairly taken away. “Well?” he said, in a tense sort of ■whisper. “Well, sir,” she continued, “the very next night after that the sick young lady ran away. I don’t know whether they had been keeping her against her will or not, but in the dead of the night she ran away. Miss Otis never came hack, and a fortnight after master and • mistress went up to London themselves for good, taking the sick gentleman ■ .with them. That’s all, sir.” It was quite enough. Captain O’Don ■ siell rose again; his grave face had re ■ sumed its habitual calmness; he had 'heard all he wanted—more than he ex pected. He pressed half a sovei'eign 'Into Dorcas’s willing palm, hade Mrs 'Wilson good morning, and departed. As the result of that interview Cap ■•tain O’Donnell paid a brief visit to Lon -flon, being absent from Castleford but a couple of days. On his return he was accompanied by a somewhat odd-look Sng individual, who was known by the aame of Joggins. At tlie railway sta tion, however, the chasseur parted from the stranger and went to his hotel, the Silver Rose. The same night was a memorable one. At 11 the inn was closed up for the flight; there were but few guests, and these few kept primitive hours. At a •quarter past 11 not a light was to be •seen. O’Donnell sat at his window, •looking out at the dim starlight, smok ing; and waiting. At half-past 11 he saw Ills servant Lanty stride across the $nn yard and disappear in the shadow of the larches, Almost immediately the feaptain made his way softly out of the room, down the stairs, and through the floor which his servant previously had noiselessly unbolted. Not a creature Was to be seen—the whole town seemed [ to. be still and dark as O'Donnell walk ed swiftly towards the churchyard. Lanty, the servant, was already wait ing' not far from the inn, upright as a ramrod, silent as a tomb, and giving his companion, who was none other than the man Joggins, a wide berth. The latter, with a sack over his shoulders, containing' spade and pick and instru ments for opening coffins, spoke as the captain drew near: “Here we are, sir—up to time, and not a minute to be lost. Lead the way, and we follers, and gets to business at once.” Keeping ail in the shade of hedges and wayside trees, with an uncomfortable feeling, in spite of his consciousness of duty, that this night’s work was an un derhand thing, the chasseur led the way. One belated pedestrian., one doc tor’s gig, they met—no more—and the trees screened them even from them. They walked so rapidly that they were in the churchyard before the Castle ford steeples tolled 12. Redmond O’Donnell strode steadfastly along between the rows of graves, the lonely paths, until, under its solitary iree. lie- paused at Katherine Danger field’s tomb. His lips were set. his eyes stern—for g'ood or ill. he would know the truth soon. “This is the grave.” he said, curtly. “Go to work; I'll keep watch.” ' The resurrectionist—for that was liis awful trade—opened ills bag. produced his shovels, gave one into the reluctant hands of Lanty. and set to work with professional rapidity and dexterity. The two men worked with a will until the perspiration stood in 'great heads on their faces. O’Donnell had brought a brandy flask, and gave them copious libations. No. sound hut the subdued noise of the shovelling clay — nothing living or dead to be seen. O’Donnell worked with them—there was no. need of watching—and at last, far below, in the faint light of the stars, the coffin lay revealed. The men lay on their spades, wiped their faces, and drew a long breath. Then the resurrectionist and Lanty rais ed the coffin between them—the damp clay clinging to it making it weighty— and placed it at Redmond O’DonneH’s feet. At last he drew one long, hard, tense breath, his eyes gleamed. “Open it,” he said, in a composed sort of voice, and Mr Joggins produced his screwdriver, and set to work once more. The screws, one by one, were removed; the lot lay in the palm of Joggins’s hand—nothing remained hut to lift the lid and see either the mouldering re lii.-iins of Katherine Dangerfield or— He made a sign, Joggins raised it, all three bent forward to look. - There was a simultaneous exclamation from all as they bent again to reassure themselves. The late-rising moon which had been struggling through the mists of coming morning, shone suddenly for a moment full upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what Redmond O’Donnell had expected to see—an empty coffin! All doubts now, so far as O’Donnell was concerned, were at an end — the Katherine Dangerfield of the past and the Helen Herncastle of the present were one and the same. He knew as well as he ever knew after, the whole truth— the whole strange story. It had not been death, that trance which had held her, but one of those mystic torpors, so closely resembling its twin-sister, death, as to deceive Dr Graves. But the eyes of love are not easily blinded; Henry Otis had guessed from the first.no doubt, what it was. Why he had not spoken—why he had let the matter go so far as to permit her to be buried, rather staggered the chas seur. Was It that by saving her from the horrible fate of being buried alive lie wished to forge a claim upon her gratitude and- love V ;If so, he had-cer tainly failed, or.by this time she would have been his wife. And that same night—aided, no doulit—he had reopened the grave and taken the still inanimate form from its dreadful resting-place. Then had come her flight—her exile to America—her theatrical success. Her object in this had probably been to make money to carry out her plans, and she had made it. She had returned— had worked her way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield—and for the past six weeks played her role of nursery go verness. But where was her revenge? What had she gained?—what had she accomplished beyond playing the ghost and frightening the little baronet near ly out of his senses? 