THE DUNDAS ELECTION. AN ALLEGATION. A controversy has recently taken plaee on the subject of the following extract from a letter which the morning daily contemporary of the COOLGARDIE MINER published on May 14th in the form of an interview with Mr. Harney, the unsuccessful candidate for Dundab :— " There can be no doubt that Harney is so intimately mixed up with Morgans' interests —in fact, I may term him as nothing more than a * BUTTONER'—that I think your journal is quite right iif opposing him tooth and nail. Harney knew that he hai not a ghost ef a show here, and has plausibly stated that his intimate connection with Morgans and the capitalists that he (Morgans) was associated with, would further the interests of the Norseman-Esperance railway. Such views are thoroughly inconsistent with Harney's declared utterances here. He is only a lever for Morgans : bear this ill mind in regard to any editorial comments. Morgans possibly may creep in by a bare majority, but I think it extremely doubtful. Harney's candidature here was never popular. Personally he is liked amongst a certain class ; but for one single moment don't let the electors be persuaded by his undoubted gift of the gab." "Judge of my surprise to find that the letter bore the signature of F. 0. B. Vesper, the man who had promised me his support, who had wasted so much of what should be valuable time in giving me extracts from his writings ; and whose final words to me were, ' Anything I can do for you, you may count upon.' In the light of subsequent events, I can now see that the observation had a sinister meaning," To this Mr. F. C. B. Vosper, M.P.. replied the MINER the following day, emphaticaliy denying the allegations. Mr. Vosper has also initiated proceedings against the paper in question. He is supported in his denial by the following telegram from Mr. F, G. Samson, editor of the "Norseman MineT," who was alleged by Sir. Harney to have received the letter, which is thus repudiated by Mr. Samson ou the 14th in a telegram addressed to Mr. Vosper. which reads as follows :— " Your telegram enigma ; know absolutely nothing about letter. Never seen any letter signed by you. except one months ago of thanks for attention paid you here. Never had slightest conversation Harney about any letter signed by yoa. Cannot hold what do not possess. Must be some great error. Wire. " (Signed) F. SAMSON, " ' Norseman Miner.' " 10.10." Mr. Samson later on visited Coolgardie and reiterated his denial. We only make this reference to this controversy, which is purely a personal matter in its character, in order that those of our readers who have heard of the affair, may learn the gist of it. The nest development will be the evidence taken in a court of law, when Mr. Vosper will further vindicate himself. 