LOCAL NEWS, ATTEMPTED ROUHERY & ML'RDER AT COOLGARDIE. ;APE or THE RUEFIANS. Coolgardie, December 29. Last night at about half-past 11 residents in Lefroy-street, Kingstreet, and the immediate vicinity were .startled by four or j pistpl; ghosts and the screaming Qf j women. From the facts that have been gleaned it would appear that a determined and bloodthirsty attempt was made at murder, fo-r what purpose remains to be proved, b^ certain men unknown. It appears that a Mr. FiQ&3s, J keeper of the Bride Cake House / Restaurant in Bayley-streei, was on I his way home with Mrs. Fiddes and his assistants, Jas. Maybury and Miss Hughes. They had with them the takings of day at the restaurant, representing a considerable amount or monev, ' which 'i • i was divided X" 1 between " ,UUU1 » Mr. and Mrs Fiddes, while Mr, Maybury carried a basket which also contained small change, in order to get at their homes in Toorak they on reaching King-street, usually marie a short cut through a vacant attotment between Melbourne Lane and Archibald House. This widens out B into the allotment previously mentioned. Mr. and Mrs. Fiddes walked e on iu (rout and Maybury ^nd Miss f P TTughes followed. On reaching tl. end of the lain; Maybury was coi fronted by men with masks, ar without warning one of them lin point blank at him, and seeing th shot did not take innnediato effe fired again. Then one of the m< turned to Miss Jlughe-s and fir point blank at her. So close did stand to her that she wrvs tc' porarily blinded. I'y this time Maybury had Revo times called for help. Mrs. Kida heard him cry out A.nd thfln hear two more shots fire i, She and ) husband began tQ -all for assistai. and the attention of the men was once turned to t'.iem. Two of th rushod up to \r here Mr. and \ Kiddcs were standing in alarm : a«tonishmcnt, r.nd deliberately f) two shots at than I but fortuna without cl'foet There were t'juito a number of n on the soeiic in no time, avid tl gave chasu to the inar&udors.; . - citizens who tried to intercept latter were warned with others to come near or they would bo n and there being r to shooting iron the crowd the ch ise was only tf up in a half heart cd manner and men went off do \vn King-street wards the railway siding. At 4.15 a.m. Nonstable Ow who was on dut) in connection the case, accoste d several men at East end of P .ayley-street. 0 struck at him wi th what hd beli to be a sand bag and fired a revo at him, fortuna*dy without hitti him. Constable Owens returned once to the Btatioi i for reinforceine' and an armed po sse of police, hea by Sergeant S.clli nger, went in 8eF of the men. N o captures havi far been effected . 