personal. " I must have liberty Withal, as large a charter as the wind. To blow on whom I please." —AsYOUL1KB IT. John DaBiun—the elephant man the mosquito voice with Louise Mack, the young Sydney novelist, is twenty-five but looks the simplest seventeen on record. She it* married to a young «nd rising barrister. A Perth native, ^stat 25£, recently be- •came a grandmother—another record for W.A. Now, who says we can't grow •our own population ? One of the leading newspaper men of W.A. is said to have made his first appearance in the colony in charge of a. "troupe" of performing dogs. What ha* become of S. H. Parker— •one of the oldest of Westr iliau public men? •One never sees or hears of him now-a-days. How long is he goin^ to sulk, like Achilles in his tent ? P<eter Jfchill, the compositor recently repor&d; torifising from Kalgoorlie, about whom lio tidings could be obtained and who was -subsequently given up by search parties and friends as lost, has turned up smiling in Perth. Heard on the Terrace Well-dressed girl on her way to church: "G—d spare me daj's ! what a'yer givin' us V' On the whole' the Perth girl swears better than her confrere elsewhere in Australia. And yet they go on saying the native p oduct is behind the times. Rudyard Kipling now holds the hard •cash record per word for story writing. His railway study, "No. .007," "published in the August " Scribuer," brouirht him £300, and contain- only a little over 7000 words. Arithmetic works the actual cash out to tenpence a word. It always does it—that smile of Royalty. Plain George Turners democratic bluutness And Spartan simplicity have vanished with his goatee. The Right Hon. Sir George now speakB with a lovely English accent, and carries himself as if his Premiership were the special gift of Her Majesty. One of _ the ablest and most hard-headed debaters in the House is Barrister Ewing. He is said to be tremendously ambitious, and if his re e.nt alliance with the Fatal Seven doesn't tame his fiery valour, he will be somewhere near the top of the tree when Liberalism is more fashionable than it i'b An unrehearsed effect in v the Lvceum (Sydney) produ tion of the •' Prairie King " took place on S iturday, when u tank burst and 160 tons of water escaped. The tank -was made serviceable in the second act, Miss Maud Williamson pulling a canre. But the tank ups t and the curtain rung •down, the lady being rescued in a state of collapse. 'The Premier doesn't intend to sell his Hay-street residence, even if the municipality should go down on its bended knees arid ask him. Sir John might as well " snap" if he wants to. Nobody would ever think of accusing a W.A. Boer of jobbery. As a rule he doesn't even know the meaning of the term. His motto is, " a rose by any other name would smell as sweet." \- George Leake is probably the best • amateur comedian in W.A. In the old days, before the beastly foreigner came in, and everybody was everybody's couBin or aunt or grandmother or something, he was the incomparable star at amateur theatricals. Now-a-days he only acts in politics. . At repartee and interjections, he has no •equal, except perhaps George Reid of N.S. W. Mrs. Dee Voeux, wife of the Commandant of Fort Cavagnari, on the .-Afghan frontier, who, with her husband went through all the •dangersof the siege, is an Australian, being tbenaughter of Mr. D, T, Seymour, Com- TOiBsioner of the Queensland police. Majo And two nurses during the siege. • * • The French General, Bourbaki,' who died the other dav, did honorable service in Algeria, and less honorable service in 'the Frauoo-German war. He was of Greek extraction, and when King Otho fled from Athens, the Greeks offered Bourbaki the Orpwn. He refused, declaring that a French general eould never accept a .secondary throne. The fun was, Bourbaki was serious, while the publio accepted the reply as a joke. ; Witteiioom, whom rumor says is to be Agent-General, is brother-ill law to BrouBson—"Benjamin Bos-" of "Truth." No doubt if Wittenoom goes 'Ome, he will have a powerful auxiliary in the financial quilldriver. Aud no doubt the financial quilldriver will have a powerful auxiliary in the Agent-General. One of Lord William Beresford's smartest performances was whilst he was with his regiment at Cork. The burracks stood on a height, and William was dared by a fellow officer to drive a four-in-hand down from the summit. He accepted the challenge, and with it a bet of £50. Then he got his four-in-hand, took off all the wheels, and drove down with perfect safety to himself atul the horses, if with some slight damage to the vehicle. Reported that Jerry Smith hankers after the fleshpots of Hobart—gubernatorially. Jerry will never suit the slow- going Taasies. He is too rolicky and f rolicky, too enterprising, hospitable and all that sort of thing he'd paralyze them with gaiety in a month. No nation under the sun—bar W.A.—could stand garden parties at the rate of one per annum —they'd go off into a national hysterics from sheer excitement. There are now three Irishmen, or Irish natives, in the W.A. Cabinet—ThrosselJ, Lefroy and Pennefather. The Irish abroad are generally near the forefront, just t?s they are generally nowhere at home. A French President, an American President, an Austrian Premier, a Spanish Premier, and a Canadian Premier -descendants of expatriated Irishmen, and all within the past decade or so—is a loss for any nation to lument over. At home you generally find the true-born Irishman hoeing spuds. When the International cricket match was proceeding in Adelaide, Ranji's countrymen in Coolgardie, having observed his " 137 not out," wired the following message to him :—"Congratulate you for excellent batting ; may our couutrymeu always shine and be glorious is the prayer of the Kutchies in Coolgardie." Ranji., bv the way, has his ears pierced, and no doubt when he attains the throne and reigns as the Jam of his native state he will sit on the throne with heivy earrings depending from his dainty lobes. The Weld Club's objection to commingling with its fellow-countrymen—that is, the beastly outsiders, you know—is shown even in the selection of its servants. The latter are, with one exception, Chinamen. After this we may «s well give up the ghost and let the yellow vermin in ad lib. When a wealthy, flourishing institution like the Weld Club employs Chinamen, what can we urge againbt the struggling employer of labor, cut down by competition and ruined by strikes? Verily these be the kind of patricians who builded up old Rome's great- The following letter from Sarah Graud appeared recently in the London " Daily Mail":—"You recently took exception to my being called 'madame.' I was not in the first instance responsible for it. The papers began by calling me so—perhaps because their (esthetic sense rebelled against 'Mrs. Sarah!' 1 objected to begin with, but finally gave in to it—for the same reason. It is only a generation or two—or three— you know, siuce all ladies in my position were called'madam.' 'Sarah Grand' was originally a nom-dr-guerre, but I have now adopted the name, and use no other." Mayoress-elect Mrs. M. D. M'Eachran, of Melbourne, is a pretty blonde with bright golden hair, and promises to lend unusual grace aud charm to the usually barren wilderness of mayoral hospitality in the smellful city. Her father was millionaire Watson of Bendigo, the man who was "down" on sonB-in-laws like poison. Another of his daughters married cricketer Murdoch, but though the latter may r often, be stumped, she will never inherit a beaji till hit final innings, so far as this world is concerned. A third warned Paul. Kite and thereby hting another tale of woe. Again, however, Cupid triumphed over cupidity. . . • Mark Twain's latest book began by being " The Surviving Innocent Abroadthen it was "New Traipps Abroad;" now and finally it is " Following the Equator." He sets, sav« New York "Critic," £8,000 tor it, which he intends handing straight to the creditors of his publishing business, thus reducing bin liabilities tp £4,000. Another book would'Uft him into moBt righteous— boomfteif might say Quixotic—solvency. The motto of the book is—" Be good and you will be lonesome." Which calls to miud chubby little Jennie Lee's favourite farewell—"Be virtuous and you will be iiappy; but vop'd lose a deuce of a lot of Fl'N !" In the snobbery competition, Broad Arrow lias rtiu lied forth its hand and grabbed the bun. It has changed the name of Fieldingstreet to Forrest-street. Fielding was a warden who went down hill—at least the dreary one-horse collection of tin bhanties had no more use for him—so it tucked on the RunburiHn handle. Some time ago the name of the township was changed to Kurawah, an aboriginalism which the inhabitants rigorously boycotted. They preferred "Broad Arrow, probably because it was more distinctly West Australian— more ace°ptnble to the powers in office. And yet Broad Arrow contains some ot the whitest men on the goldfields. Has ill-luck and the opening of the brewery warped their minhood ? Iu accordance with the police regulations, it was necessary for every official of the Statistical Congress recently held in Moscow to fill up a form giving particulars of himself and family. The president was the Tsar, and to him two of the forms were sent. They were returned filled up as follows :— "Name, Nicolas Romanoff; ordinary occupation, Emperor of All the Russias and Sovereign of the Russian territories ; secondary occupation (if any), landowner and agriculturalist." The second form, als<i in the handwriting of the Teat', was as follows :— " Name, Maria Feodorovitch ; ordinary occupation, Empress of All the Russias and Sovereign of Russian territories; s.condarv occupation (if any), President of all Societies and Associations for Female Progress in Russia." A coachman iu an Adelaide family has turned out to be the heir of Baron de Ros Since the announcement of his blue-bloodedness, has been married to a seventeen-yearold daughter of Fair Adelaide, but whether she is the daughter of his employer or not we don't know yet. If 6he were, it would be a pretty romance on traditional lines. A coachman who runs away with his master's daughter is a beast. But when he ups and announces bis d» scent from a hundred earls there's a difference mark you. We always did hold that a man's a man for a' that, but when your coachman turns out to be a noblemau, you can't help seeing the halo sticking out a foot all round his head. The luck of that Adelaide coachman reminds a Punch man of a Sydney family of some importance, who once had a remarkable groom. He was altogether a most superior person, who performed his duties in connection with the horses much as a Lord Chief Justice might be expected to scrub a doorstep. He was young, and not bad looking, aud his awful dignity duly impressed the family, but one day when a letter of his addressed to a titled house in England was found in the yard, th<\- master and infctr< rs and the daughters were at once oonviued lait John the groom Wits leaily a suiou ci nobility, and John began to have a good time. It nearly ended in John eloping with the prettiest daughter. Fortunately this little game was frustrated. " I am not feeling as sore about it as you would expect," explained the father to a bosom friend, "because I believe the fellow to be a gentleman, and a man of good family." "Gentleman, be 'hanged!" replied" the friend. "Why, I've known the rascal for years. His father is a corporation laoourer at Redfern." It was too true. The letter was a cute dodge of John's. That family does not deal in dignified grooms new. "Whenever reference is made to my military career," said Wolseley when in Glasgow not long ago, " I always remember how many were the able and gallant comrades who helped me into my present position, and how many of them, did as good work as I ever ,did in the service of Queen and country. Scotland always honored those whom she believed to have done the State good service. Among other reasons why she should do so is the faot that a large proportion of our best soldiers and ablest . statesmen have come from the north of the Tweed. Many of my staunchest comrades came from Scotland, and the man whom I have often regarded as one of the very bravest, if not the braveBt soldier I ever knew was a young Scotchman. He was a brother officer of mine in the Crimea, and when in the finalassault of Sebastopool we /were beaten out of the Redan, he was, I believe, the last British soldier who left it alive. When he reached our trenches he sat down, and, boy as he waB, cried for very him—and we have always had, and please God always shall have, men of Jiis stamp— who teaoh others by their reckless daring, contempt of datager, and indifference to self how to .live and jiow to 'die for this great Fatherland of ours," Reported that a man named Bower died recently in Australia, leaving a valuable estate, but iio will. The property has been said to be worth £3,000,000. In consequence of thiB, a letter has been received by the Victorian Postmaster- General from a lady named Mrs. Eliza Maybury Bower, residing at 84 East Lake- street, Chicago. She states that the deceased is a member of the family ot Arthur Bower, of that city, who had twenty children, all of whom were sons. The deceased is supposed to have left America for Melbourne many years ago. Mrs. Bower, in her letter to the Postmaster- General, desired to be placed in communication with the proper authorities on this matter. Mr. M. W. Bower, of Sydney, states that the deceased is very probably a relative of his. He is now iu communication with a firm of London solicitors, who gave him every reason to believe that the deceased will prove to be a descendant of a younger brother of Mr. W. M. Bower's father, who is known to have gone to America, and afterwards left for Australia. The estate is, however, not worth £3,000,000 but $3,000,000. Some interesting particulars have been published in Paris concerning the sale of the photographs of celebrities. The list is headed by a ballet dancer, Mdlle Cl&o; de Merode, among the fair sex, of whom about 10,000 photographs are sold annually. Sarah Bernhardt comes fifth with a sale of 7,000. The purchasers are said to be mainly Germans, Bussiaus, and then Americans. Photos of male celebrities do not sell anything like so well. The Emperor Menelik heads the list, and is followed by the King of Greece, the German Emperor, the Emperor of Russia, and M. Felix Faure, in the order named, [t is curious to note the large demand for likenesses of Kaiser Wilhelm. Of French Politians, M. Hanotaux is easily first. There is no great demand for the other members of the Cabinet. Pierre Loti is the favorite among writers, while M. Zola came second, with a yearly sale of 800\. Then follows M. Alphonso Daudet and "Gyp." The Academicians do not appear to be very popular judged by the 6ale of their photographs. Only six, including Pierre Loti, are in any demand. They are .M.M. L. Haldvy, Fracois Coppee, Victorien Sardou and Jose Maria de Heredia. Bismarck often dwells on his early life. Speaking lately of his great skill in pistol shooting, he said: "To shoot five bullets running into the crossbars of a window at thirty paces was a feat I could alwnys trust myself to perform." For years past he has neither druuk claret or smoked cigars. His favorite drinks are beer (sedlmayr), champagne, and a quite exquisite hock (Foster Kirchenstueck), which throws every connoisseur who has good luck to drink it with him at his table iuto raptures. A glass of whisky, too, or old cognac, he does not despise; but, above all, he loves at table his long-accustomed pipe. Coffee he has seldom or 'never drunk during the last few years. It is remarkable that he has had no dogs since the last two, Tyras and Beksch, died. When the letters he wrote in former years to his sister and others were published some weeks ago, he said, •' Yes, that is all very pretty, but one feels always when such private letters are published rather as if one were put out in one's shirt sleeves on the balcony." The Prince's memory is still quite amazing. The importance he attaches to the fostering of German relations with Russia is strikingly noticeable. Dr. Charles Ryan, iu his newly-published Plevna reminiscences, " Under the Red Crescent," says that among his comrades in the memorable campaign of 1877-78 was a young Polish noble—Prince CzetwertiiiBki, a dashing soldier who, from private in a Turkish cavalry regiment, had risen by sheer gallantry to the post of captain in Osman Pasha s bodyguard. Czetwertinske fought nearly through the war, was invalided to Constantinople just before, this fall of Plevna, then, tiring of civil life, uandered the few thousands he had at S onte Carlo, and lauded in Australia with a shilling in his pocket, to starve or not, as fate willed it. He served on a coastiug cutter with New Caledonia esoapecfi, became tutor in a squatter's family, then in the Jesuit College at Parrkmatta. Returning home he resumed his title for a time, but again found his way to Australia. : For three years, we are told, he was a. master at St. Xavier's College, near Melbourne., A lucky coun at Flemington stood him in small stead, for the wandering prince was soon after starving in Sydney, and unable to secure a situation as teacher to a tradesman's children because his wardrobe did not include a collar—not even a paper one.. The once dashing, high-spirited cavalry officer died eventually at Wagga, the town from which another celebrity, the Tichborue claimant, took his meteor-like ascent. ; The failures of one. hemisphere gravitate naturally to the other. "Oi don't mind the threats 'av 'im," M. Hogan explained, "as much as th- insultin' shtyle av his remarks." ?'And fwhat did he say?" asked Mr. Grogan. "He says to mei,' Hogan,' says he, "'tis a great notion Oi have to jump on you and knock your face into shape. 