UMina roamrs* Sad to relate, the North Adelaides trill not 'be able to quite make both ends meet in connection with the late race meeting. It is a long while since a loss has been incurred over • this branch of the sport, and it is unfortunate that a plucky individual club has been the first bicycle race promoter to'feel that the public have had too much of the game of' lkfel - Perhaps it'is well for the bank balance of the Lea^iie tbat no more carnivals will be held till February. It is easy now to give the Norths advice as to the futilre, but one thing upon which they will agree is that another time they will not take any dates fyr-a,meQ£ing .that are thrown at them by the railing body, like a bone to a dog.. If the dates asked,' for originally were granted, they would have come but on top. ! ' Besides clashing with a big cricket' match tfrey also fell up against racing ; in Melbohrue, which was the •cause of the absence of several of the .best, " draws" whom they contracted r witlj f ] although ^t is difficult to understand why the cracks remained 'jin Victoria to compete at a meeting trhere only £15'5 was the amount of the prize money when betwsgs '£400 and >£500 tf&s; waiting to be pocketed here.. 7/ 1 .* 1-uin'j •«! •: That was on the first day,land obi>the seebhd the Victorian " Brassard" furtfysf) c^im^d,^/ 6 attention of.. r some of the speediest men who bad. signed to appear at Adelaide. The . A ustpalasian says that Megson, Forte's challenger, had a 1 " very just excuse for remaining in Melbourne. "I iWiellj if this mew fangled "Brassard" idea ,i§ gpitfg £<?<QompeJ men, to break their agreements with .ojiher sports promoters of cycle racing here they had better i.ivp uptlie ghost at once. > y y The usual dash which we! are aepusiom'^d tp see at our races was wanting ! on the : " Jubilee OvaFoh Saturday. It seemed as if ithe changei in the. iweather. had taken the brilliancy out of the, mien. More th^n half of the programme was gone through without the spectators finding anything to justify the sport's -reputation, and having desperately looked, without success, for something to applaud, they began to cheer sarcastically at the one-lap farces—Lightning Handicaps, as they were billed. These would have been interesting enough if the scratching pen had not been so busy, but when 20 picked men out of 35 entries withdraw from heats it is time for each one of the crowd to get up and say, " Gimme me money back." The people certainly did not bargain to see Lykke and Amateur Ainsworth each give an exhibition lap. Don Walker is in his element in these short sprints, and his riding in his heat and in the final was the redeeming feature of this farce in six acts. Honors were evenly divided between Green and Walne. The Englishman got home from the Queenslander in the mile, and t he positions were reversed in the ten-mile, both being great finishes. This brings Green's cheque for the three days up to £119. Barden added only £2 to the £38 he had to his credit before Saturday, and in his present form there are several South Australian riders who could finish with him. The sudden change in the weather seems to have broken him up. • Don Walker, who surprised a * few by running third in the ten-mile, takes away £30. What a fickle thing is popularity. Green has given us as consistently brilliant riding as has been seen here, and the crowd have been as cold as an icicle towards him. Walne happened to tumble over at the last meeting, and now the' spectators cannot be too laudable to him, although his riding has in a measure won him his popularity. If Bill Martin had peddled round the track after his gaol experience he would have received a reception worthy of his having ridden ten times better than Green did at. the late carnival. A. E. Lykke has ousted similarly initialled Sampson from his position of S. A. champion, and he has worked hard for the distinction. He has wonderfully improved of late, and has been plucky in going out in the long distance events with the avowed intention of finishing with the cracks. : Usually the local men in these races simply have an eye on the lap prizes. Platt-Betts has effaced the name of Lesna from the record-sheet up to ten miles, and most of the best times up to that distance how stand to his credit. His services to the Norths were assessed at £100, but it is doubtful if he brought that much to the gates. The Steam's Cup has at last been handed over to the green and gold men, who secured the right to hold it for 12 months. It must have been a proud moment for Baker, Tubb, and Drew when Mr. Evan pinned the accompanying medals on to their breasts on Saturday afternoon, although the first-named was nearly set on fire by Mr. Evan's lighted weed during the operation. -At the clubrooms in the evening the cup was filled with the juice of "Brave Bacchus," in short, with grog, and was handed round. Bill Martin has passed on to Melbourne, and the paper which maintains that it " holds the floor of the Australian cycling world" has interviewed him. Sjweet Xyilliam, it appears, prayed for the League and Other transgressors when he was in gaol. Then he is reported to have said : " Before my sentence I knew it was a case in court, as the judge listened intently to the prosecution,, aud yawned when mine tried to speak." That is'rough'onNesbit, at any rate, for it is not often that he can't get his voice in. Bill should forget these Yankee notions about South Australian justice. He will return in a day or two for the libel case.: • ;•-•' ' •..-;. • • : Kook photo. The Trustees and Frew Park, Mount Gambier, Improvement Committee at the Opening Ceremony. 