the shadow on the moolt. Thcc'd better atay 'ero awver night." Tho speaker was the landlord of a very small TDv vonian inn, or, rather, publichousu, in one of those little villages whioh fringe the borders of Dartmoor ; tho listener a youug man in (tourist costume, who was adjusting a knapsack kin his shoulders. : 44 Aye, aud for a few nights beyond too. I SQppoae," retorted tho traveller rather sharply, tor be was not in tho best of tempers. Vivian Grey was a straggling watercoloar (artist, who spent tho summer tramping about like Dr. Syntax, " in scaich of tbe picturesque" transferring choice bits of scenery to his sketch book for later workihg up' iuto pictures. Ho 1 was nob without some talent ; but tbe hill of Parnassus is never an easy ascent for cither paiuter or poet, and Vivian's caruiugs from bis profession were bub scanty at present. There fore, after putting up with rather second-rate lecommodatiou at this small wayside hostelry, he was anooyod to find that bis bill amounted to tbout what he would havo paid at Plymouth sr Exeter for better usage. Ho had borne with the discomforts of the little 14 pub " for a day or two whilo ho compleled some sketches in the vicinity, and now discovered that the keepers \- bf the Rbiue hotels are not the only Bonifaces Who count tho " views' of local scenery as items to be charged for, directly or indirectly, in their bills. Not that mine host's claim was a very largo oue, but Vivian, like many another traveller, cherished visions of tho ideal inn of 14 Sweet Auburn " (did such ever exist out of g poem ?), and thought resentfully that the hard bed, aud the inferior cooktog, aud the nolso made by the convivial occupants of tho tap room in the evenings fhould have been taken account of iu tbe charges, and have diminished them by a shilling or two. So, though tho tourist paid without discussion, he did so with borne smothered annoyance, and responded sar castically to tho landlord's invitation to pro long bis stay. But the latter was apparently heedless of the intended satire. " It be Midzummer Eve to-night," ho re marked stolidly. 44 Oh, and I 6upposo you mean I shall meet (the pixies on the moor." " Not tho pixies, but the sperrits, maybe." " I'm not afraid of either sperrits or bogies,'' replied tbe young man, taking up his stout walking-stick ; " a mist over the moor is the # culy thing 1 should fear, aud there is not much chance of that on such a fine evening," and he jpassod quickly oat of the inn, for ho proposed Ito walk another six or seven miles before dark, tend the sun was already westering. 44 I wuddcu go if I was thco," persisted 'honest Boniface, but as his late guest was wlready tramping down tho lauo he merely wbook his head, and returned to bis tap-room in silence. It was indeed a most beautiful summer's . evening, aod as Vivian climbed the steep, nar row lane which led down to the village from Itbe higher moorlaud above (West country jfolk usually wisely nestlo their habitations Hinder or at the side of the hills, mindful of the ;winler gales and snowstorms) ho was tempted constantly to turn and linger, surveying tho wide spreading landscape with all an artist's delight. Indeed, when he at last emerged jUpon the moor tho painter could not resist halt- ling for awhile under tho shade of a group of jgrauite tors to gaze ou the fair scene beneath . ;bim, lying so calm and peaceful, bathed in tbe .. .j;-cuu5eb light. '"I Vivian bad been on foot sioco the early jmoruing, working hard to finish bis sketch. (The day bad beon hot and' fatiguing, and he tbad managed, in spite of the indifferent cook ery and heavy bcor, to make a substantial menl before quitting tho inn. a Lying luxuri ously upon his plaid, with his knapsack utidor lhis head, he gradually dropped into a comfort (able sleep. He woke at length, as everyone (does from such unauthorised slumbers, with a ,eudden start, a sensation of having been asleep 'for months or years, and a general feeling of chilliness and stiffness, Tho youug man sprang up hastily. He had actually s'ept for over two .hours ; it was not eight o'clock wheu ho last romumbered glancing at his watch, and docid- \- - log that be really must move 44 in a minute or two," and now tho old church clock, far away .'beooath him, was slowly striking ten. Fortu nately the moon was up, and ut its full. Under I its clear silvery light every object was as distinct ins at midday ; no fear this evening of that dread of all Dartmoor travellers, a 44 moor mist," For a moment Viviau hesitated whether ho should return to his former hostelry, but his prido revolted at this, in a way, seeming to accopt tbe landlords suggestion. No, he would push on to Tavistock, where, in a town with good botols.hc would bo sure to find someouo up .(or readily wakeable) even at a late hour in the evening. So, shouldering his knap-sack, the young man stepped out briskly. It was very silent all round, not u sound, not a movement anywhere. This utter solitude of the moor, .impressive even in the daylight, was infinitely moro so in tho quiet of tho night. As he tramped along Vivian at first thought how delightful and beautiful was this stillness ; thon.asthe intense quiet grew almost oppressive, he felt that it would bo an ndvantago 41 to havo a companion to wboin he might exclaim: 1 How charming is solitude ! " At length, after abuut an hour's steady tramp, ho bi»gau to liud him self decidedly tired and hungry, and to opiao . ' ? that the sight of the good town of Tavistock, lying beneath bim in the valley, would be a more agreeable prospeot that even tbe loveliest 44 moonlight effects " over tho moor. 'Ho was aware that ho should have been within fight of his destination by this time bad ho kept ou tho right road, but still seeing uotbiug but the moorland around, the dis&greeablo; suspicion that he had missed the proper track begon to force . itself on bis mind. It is, in truth, as easy to \- loose one's way on Dartmoor, even in full day light, as to lose one's purse In a London crowd. Distances are deceptive in the clear atmosphere, and tho apparent landmarks made by tho many tors prove moat deceitful ; for all those granite piles ao exoctly resemble ono another that, as a candid guids book remarks, 44 descriptions of them only serve to mislead the touiist " ; who, indeed, is often deceived by the fancied recog. nition of some particular tor, led to shape his \- . path accordingly, aud to lose his way. ' On stumbling hastily to his feet after his plumber Viviau had, in fact, turned the wrong way, and was now walking in quite a contrary direction to tbe one which ho wished to pursue, He bad unfortunately lost bis usual guide, his , pocket compass, that very morning, and could : now only trudge on, trusting, at tbe worst, to come to some farmhouse where he might obtain quarters for thenighfc. Moouligh , with its deep : shadows, is rather a perplexing guide by which to find an unknowu road; and as Vivian splashed into more than one bog he began to 'remember tbe legends of 41 prixy led " travellers who had wandered about the moor until day- " light, and to refieot ruefully that ho himself ' teemed likoly to 44 make a uight of it '' in the . open. \ ' ' >4 I'll try for a farmhouse, anyway," Vivian 1 said to himself, turning off Ibe moor into a , lane which skirted it for a while, and which be thought might probably lead to some habita tion, if bnb a cottage. The lane was dark as well &s; narrow, but as 'Vivian walked briskly down itho fancied be eard a light step behind bim. Ho turned kMmudbnVqld-oimoaUijiu cowko and.cn- ceived no roply, ond yet, as he resumed his progress, it certainly appeared that a footstep, a light, swift footfall, was following hitn. Viviau was not a nervous man, but there is always something unpleasant in being thus silontly followed in the dark grasping his stick ho swung rouud sharply and called to know 44 who was there ?" but all was darkness aud silence. It seemed unlikely that anyone should bo lurking iu so solitary a place for purposes of robbery ; but the young man felt that he should be glad to get back upon tho moor aguiu, and hurried along the rough part towards an opening where tbe moonbeams fell clearly. Was it fancy, or did tho light, quick slops behind him bastco, too ? 44 It's only sotuo animal," thought tho traveller ; but it was a relief, all the same, to quit the lane and to find himself beside a cot tage. although, to his disappointment, tho habitation proved deserted aud partially roof less, the door hanging by one binge, the whole building falling into decay. "I'm so doud beat that I've half a mind to camp in hero till daylight," thought the young oaau to himself, us be pushed bis way into the desolate interior, disturbiiig a large owl as he did so. But there wus something singularly un attractive aud desolate-looking in the appear ance of this rniu, something inexplicably rc- pollent like tho 44 sense of fear " which Hood has described as brooding over the — 44 Haunted House " of his poem. 44 11 1 were a superstitious follow, I should say that some crime had been oommitted here, aud the cottago abandoned afterwards," thought Vivian, with a shudder, horn partly of fatigue, partly of the situation, 44 It's abominably louely hero," he said aloud ; 44 if I'm bound to make a night camping out, I wish I'd someone to keep me coroptmy." Was the wish prophetic ? As .he spoke Vivian moved cut of the half-ruined porch into the opon, where the innou shone clear ; and thero — was he dreaming Y — two shadows fell distinctly upon the sward — his own and an other's ! 44 What do you moan by dogging me in this way ?" cried tbe artist, fiercely turning on his imaginary assailant ; but thero was no one visible. lie hastily dashed back into the cot tage and searched its rooms— only two ; the upper floors, if any such bad existed, bad beon removed, or had fallen away, but he found no one. And yet, to account for tbe Bhadow fall ing whore it did, the substance which pro jected it must have certainly stood just behind him. 44 1 am growing as nervous as a cat, that's what it is," thought the young man psssiug out of the door again, and persuading himself that all which he had seen and heard was mere fancy. Yot he oould not forbear glancing again on tho grass, and there— ob, horrible !— lay tho double shadows , ono his own, recognis able by tbe outline of his straw hat, the other vague, shapeless, but distinctly visiblo. Vivian was no coward, aud he steeled him self resolutely, 44 It's jiiBt tho shadow of tbe cottage gable," he said aloud (for thero was comfort in bearing even his own voice in tbe utter uilcnco around him. 14 I'll walk ou and think no more of these fooleries," and he stepped out sturdily, fur away from all possible shadow of the cottago. And tho two shadows, side by side, sped swiftly over the moor ; while that footstep (very soft now, as if it was deadened by tbe heather) kept pace behind bim. Vivian desperately shut his eyes for a few moments and walked on, but his straining ears still caught that light footfall at his buck. He opened his oyes and baited. He was standing in an utterly solitary place ; no tree nor tor near to throw a shadow ; and yet two distinct outlines lay at bis feet. He unstrapped and threw away bis knapsack, which might, lie strovo to think, be accountable for that other reflection— the koapsaok lay with its own shadow behind it, but tbe other mysterious out line still flickered and moved beside bis own. It was undefined in actual form, but palpably thero ! 44 1 shall go off my chump altogotber if this sort of thing keeps oo," thought Vivian, as a cold sweat bodewed his brow. Thero was some thing so unutterably horrible in' this namelets haunting presence. Ho set off to walk rapidly, he eared not in what direction, only anxious to shako off this awful companion ; but, move where he would, close by his sido flitted tbushudow, close behind tripped that soft step, Then he shouted aloud, and adjured tho Thiog, whatever it was, to speak, or to appear in any other form but this ; but Qot a sound broko the silence of the quiet summer nigbt. He swung round as if to surprise bis anwolcome companion ; he oven thrust his hands behind him in tho attempt to clutoh it, but only grasped tho air. As be rau, or walked, or stood still, that twin shadow kept pace with his own, waving and moving, and At times moltiug into it, exactly, as the shadow of a human companion would have doue (4I shall go stark mad," Vivian almost wailed At length, that awful form of fear— fear of tbe supernatural and tbe unknown— beginuiug to overwhelm bim. If he .oould but faco the Thiog ! A sudden idea occurred to liim ; lifting up bis eyes, . he saw a heap of boulders not far away. 44 1 will forco the thing, ghost or dovil, to come out from behind me," ho muttered, and began to run towards the granite stones, while the footsteps sped swiftly after bim, aud the twin shadows raced side by side in the moon light. Breathless atfd exhausted Vivian dashed up to the largest block of stone and placed bis back firmly against it. 44 Now," he cried, 44 lurk behind me longer if you cnu " Olear at his feet lay his own shadow, olear by its side flickered tbe othor outline; and asVivian turned wildly to glauce at tbe granite masses above him ho ' funded he heard a low mocking laugh, as of one who had triuinphautly out witted an antagonist. The cup of horror was now full ; Vivian was conscious of a frantic clutch' at tbo boulders, a crash of falling stoucs, then darkness and oblivion. It was a startling expericnco for a quiet Dartmoor farm labourer, passing to bis work next morning, to come upon u young gentlemau lying insensible among a quantity of fallen stone at the foot of tbo tors. S-tvo for tbu in quisitive sagacity of tbis shepherd's dog, who, huving first investigated tbe strange sight for himself, persisted iu attracting his msater to tho spot. Vivian Grey might luvo diod boforo ho whs rescued. An it was, bis discoverer found him lying :.u a stale of uucousolousooss, with a sprained <nklo and sundry contusions resultant from a fall amid stones ; aud when carried by kindly bnnds to tbo nearest farmhouso (where tbe Goou Samaritans its owner willingly placed their spato bedroom at tbe traveller s dis posal) it whs many days before ho could give uny clear sccount of himself, though he raved Incei-aantly about shadows and footsteps and tbo demons who haunted the moor. 44 And it's my bollef he's been misled by tbe sperrits of the lane," said the comely old farm dame, cupUdootly, to tbe doctor M Folks do say that she walks still on Midsummer Eve, you know zir" 44 How can sonsible women like yourself be lievo such nonsonse, Mrs. Prior P" replied the IocaI Esculapius ; 44 why, yiour very grand children would laugh at tho foolish talc." \ knaws that the youug folks be a mighty sight wiser than their elders nowaday— it's a differ ent world senco Iwis young," 44 It's plain enough what's happened to this young follow," remarked the doctor, as he adjusted a fresh kandago round Vivian's foot ; 44 be lost bis way on tbe moor and then slipped down tryiug to climb among tbo tors. I expect ho fainted with tbe pain of tbis sprained ankle, and then got a obill lying in the dows, which haa landed him in a pretty attack of rheumatic fever ; but bo's a stout young fellow, and will round well enough,! think; only you won't bo rid of bim for a few weeks yet." 44 1 bo sure tbe poor gentleman's welcome enough to the room so long as he wants un," said kindly Mrs. Prior ; and it was, indeed, only after some demur that she agreed to accept Vivian upon tbe 44 paying guest " footing, a position whioh he naturally insisted on assum ing as soon as ho recovered from his delirium and learut where he was, and how he had been found on tbe moor. Dread of ridicule kept Vivisn silent upon ibe subject of bis fauoied vision. He had, indeed, attempted to mention something of it to the doctor, but met with so little encouragement that ho soon desisted. Perhaps, after all, the fever had been upon him earlier than ho had been aware of, and the supposed sights and sounds of tbat terrible night's journey were but delusions— tbe first symptoms of a coming ill ness. But when allowed to descend to Mrs. Prior's snug parlour he fouud the household in a great state of excitement. On turning over his small possessions, Vivian discovered tbat a pencil case wbich he greitly valued had been broken from bis watch chain. Thinking that it might have beeu caugbt by some of tbe stonos among which he had. fallen he bad requested the children of tho house to search amid the tors for it on their next half holiday, promising a small reward to its flndtr. Tbe juveniles accordingly set off for (be moor ; but though they failed to recover tho artist's pencil-case tliey soon reached home full of a greater dis covery, which put all other matters out of their minds. Vivian's aimless clutoh at tbe granite boulders had displaced one of tho blooks of stone obovo bim. Tbe rescuing party bad been too occupied with the traveller to puuso to examine his sur rounding ; but tbe children, climbing and peering about tbe tor at once discovered that tbis stone bud mneked the entrauce to a fair- sized cavity amid the rocks. Anything lilro h 44 cave " is irresistibly attractive to every well- constituted boy, and Tommy and Billy worked diligently to onlurgo tbe opening uutil they could peep within— and beheld a man's skeleton, yet held together by a few mouldering remains of what had once been clothes or wrappings, some silver ahoc-buckles, and % few coins of a century and a-butf ago lying amid tbe dust of what bad probably been a puree ! Tommy and Billy, horribly scared, and yet greatly elated ut becoming the bearers of such an astonishing piece of news, fled back to tbo farm on tbo wing of tbe wind ; then for weeks, nay, osootbe, the wholo locality was in a delirious state of excitcmnnt, marvel, and questioning. Doctors, and coroners, and juries, aud all maimer of inquisitive and irresponsible inquirers camo to 44 view," and to 44 sit," and to 44 investigate " iuto the dark secret which those grey stones bad concealed for so many years, and Tommy and Billy were tho envy of all their juvenile companion", owing to the local importance with which their strange dis covery invested them, 44 Local tradition," which lingers so long in rural districts, and is more reliable than soma folks believe, . assisted . in piecing together possible' explanation of tbe presence of the skeleton in its strange resting-place. In (he earlier half of tbe last century it was remem bered tbat an elderly man bad residod in the ruinous cottago whero Vivian had experienced so disagreeable a shock. This man was not a nativo of the place ; he lived a hermit life ; none knew whence he came or what was his occupation ; bat it was whispered that be was a miser, and that gold and silver were coucealed in his poor abode. After residing for some years in solitude, moking no acquaintances and ad- mitting no visitors, be was suddenly joined by i an elderly hard-featured woman who described herself ob his daughter, and unnounced tbat she had come to live with him and keep his house. It was said in tbe neighbourhood tbat tbe old man was greatly disturbed by ber appearance, and received hor with the utmost reluct&uce.; Passers-by tbe cottage had often heard tbe pair eDgaged iu angry discussion, aud it was hinted that some guilty secret was shared between them, and tbut tbe old man's very obvious fear of bis daughter might be the result of a dread of her revealing it. However, tho woman made good her footing, and remained, aud grew to be a power in tho vicinity. She professed to be ublc to tell foxtuues,roverto spells, act generally as a 44 white witch " ; certainly she possessed a skill in tbe use of what she termed 41 yarbs" (i.e., barbs), wbieh brought her many customers. Bnt it wus au illicit, unholy kind of trade whioh she drove ; and the lonely lane, her usual consulting-room, had witnessed some strange scenes. Pious and strict-living villagers shook their beads when Prue's name was mentioned ; but prodigal youths and foolish maidens,, and many a local black sbecp, found a complaisant friend, a useful ally ; and, though many a farmer curved her under bis brcalb for a witch, ovcryono Was outwardly civil to a woinuu whom sll feared. Mean time tbe old man 14 broke " visibly, and it was euid tbat tho woman tyrannised cruelly over bim. One day he diHawneared. Prudence. when ber father's absence was remarked upon, answered briefly that ho had gone away to re side at Plymouth, she believed, being tired of u country 'life, and had rando over the cottage to ber. It was no one's business to cou- tradiot her, or to inquire further. Rural folk, in the days of tbe early Grorges, were not given to much investigation into tho private affairs of 44 -strangers " who bad settled among them ; so, though it was thought atrango that the old man should have gono away thus suddenly and silently, aud apparoutly on foot, he bad come into the neighbourhood equally mysteriously, and only vanished as. he bad arrived. One person, a clieutof Prudence's, remembered hav ing heard a furious altei cation raging betweeu tho father and daughter tbe evening before the former was missed, and before tbis visitor had rapped ut tbe cottage door he bad overheard the woman say passionately. 44 Yes, you thought you had hidden yourself from mo hero, but I sold my soul for that money as well as you did, and -1 will have my share if I take your life to get It." This young raau . had always an uncomfort able suspicion about tho fale of tho old miser, but be was too muoh iu tho power of the "white witch," who knew some ugly tecrots about bim, .to venture to make his doubts public in her iifotimo. But there came a day when Prud ence's obliging uro of 44 yarbs " (at tbo instiga tion of a young fanner, who wished to conceal some awkward passages in his former career), resulted in the death, by cleslgu or accident, of an unfortunate girl whoui tho fickle suitor had thrown over for a' wealthier bride, and this matter was too sorious to be 44 hashed up.'4 Ao indignant crowd set oat for tbo cottage, the tnob vowing vengeance against the 44 wwe woman," tbe local constables charged with a warrant for tbo woman's apprehension 6n a' capital ohdrgo. But Prudence bad passod beyond tho juris diction of earthly tribunals ; for when after: vainly asking fur udmlttauoo the cottago door was forced open the wretched woman was found lying on hor bed dead, with -an expression of justified the village assertion that ,ftbe devil h'd strangled her." 44 Death from poison " was the verdict of the doctor, and, taking all the circumstances of the case into consideration, it was not surprising thst a local coroner's jury pronounced a felo de se ; nor that the orthodox "cross-road" burial- place selected for the miserable woman was at tbe foot of the lonely lano which lod to ber cottage. As had been suspected, a rather largo amount of money, and some valuable (though broken up) jewellery was found hidden in the cottage; but no inquiries availed to discover any trace of tha old man who had previously disappeared. Tbe cottage (which be had pur chased on his first coming to the neighbour hood) fell iuto a roio, none caring to occupy it; for it was ramourod that Prudence's restless spirit was still wont to' 14 walk " in tbe lane, where so many wicked secrets had been onco whispered into her ears. Years passed by, the story became half- foigotten,. but there was an ccrasioual talk that 44 the sperrt " had been seen or beard of again; Midsummer's Eve, the date on whioh tho old man was last seen alive, bring usually selected for tbeaemanifestaUons. 44 But I doubt the nitch'll walk now, seeing tbe old man 'ave had Christian burial," re- marked gopd Mrs. Prior, alludiDg to tbe inter ment of the akqleton, which had taken place after the 44 investigations " had : been . con cluded. Local opinion, at least, was satisfied tbat these nameless romains wore ihoie oflheold miser ; the shoe- buckles discovered with the bones bearing his iuiliuls, tbe coins found cor responding in dato with the time of his dis appearance. Tbat bis unnatural daughter had murdered tho old man, carried or dragged his body to its'hiding- placo amid the rocks (he was a small, withered old man, she a tall, stalwurt woman), Bcemed at least more than probable ; tho villagers had no doubt about the matter, Who the father and daughter were, from whence they came, by what guilty means they bad be come possessed of I ho treasure found in their cottsge, were mysteries which the psir had curried with them to their graves. Vivian beard all this story from Mrs. Prior during bis tedious convalescenco, white be lay ou the hard uncomfortablo sofa of her 44 best parlour " in the ovenings, aud bis kindly host ess sat knitting by his side, chatting to 44 cheer bim up a bit." And amid this flow of friendly chat Vivian woo tempted to give the good woman his ver sion of what he bad seeu, or believed he bad seen, tbut night on the moor. Mrs. Prior lietoned with full and oheerful faith. 44 Thee'st beer old Prue'a step, and soo her shadow, air, sure enough," alio promptly re plied, and you idckm tbe enly person as tbicky dead old witch 'avn a' frightened nigh out of their lives if folks speak true. Maybe, sbe've been trying all these years to drive folks nigh where she bid tbe eld man,- that he muu come to a decent grave at last. I doubt if sha'li walk so much now; seeing ber father's buried rightful." >' Vivian Grey at legst never tested the matter, for whether bis late' nboturiial experiences had been merely an hallucination or an actual reality he nevor again attempted to. traverse country roods alone; after nightfall after his encounter with that fcurfal 44 Shadow on the Moor." 