Short Story. Fop Hester's Sake. J-v A. S. F., ill ill.1 ' People's Friend.' Ge.-ir:;;- Annsir.iiijj: leant on tho gate, :i:iil lonki'il down liio loivj» ««lope to wn nls llit* v:!l:i!rc\ Tho dull dusk i!ii-r^i'il .ill i In- l:u»lr:iM])t! inlo shallow : ih--;v -.virc mi hills : th-» troiw were a iii:isi-t:1 !il:iclcnoi-.- :iir:iinst tho mullleil «k.v. I in i ihc villa ir-- was a jrroup of .arlow-worin lijrhls. and every moment a fnv»!i whitlow Iwinklod with tlio eon siollaiioii. The hum,)' for which Arm «?t:-o!iir watch's! shone out ai hist down at lh'.« far end or ihc .jrlit ri»rinsr army. There could be no mif-rako : he would have known it amon.ffst a thousand. Armstrong could have driven home with the rest of the men in his master's cart if 'he had chosen : but ho preferred, tired with the lo-nsr day's toil, to tramp ?home alone, only that 'lie might lean upon (he irate and s.ilnte from afar the kindlim; of that little lamp. His heart went our -o it now with a jrlail tender thrill— i he liig. powerful, silent man stretched out his hand to it 'hi a rapture of worship and ?ove. ?'And there you are. my precious!' he said half-aloud. Words did not nuiie Hiif-ntl.v to him for a situation like this : d;iiy he repeated the sentence, as ?a mother mijrhl to a child in a low crnonhii: voice, intoxicating himself wnii !the pleasure -of uttering it. A step In-hind him in tho plashy roatf hushed his little rhapsody quickly, and lie mov'd suildenly away, breaking into a whisile to oncoal the emotion under which bo was ihrilliug. The step be iiuki qun-KeiuMi. and a uariv nguxe came abreast of him and immediately slack ono.l pace as if anxious to keep him company. ' Cold night, sir.' said the wayfarer in tentative tones. 'Kather.' answered Armstrong with some gruffness. 'Yon couldn't spare a copper, mate,' .?-aid the stranger, dropping his voice to the conventional tramp smifHe. ' to help ;'. poor ( hap seeking for work.' Armstrong's hand went instinctively to his pocket. Rut something echoed faii'iliavly in tho voice of t.he man ; he j.i\\*--i-SM-i! a siiijarula.ul.v quick oar for v'-ict-s. ' 'A' lirre do you come fr -m ?' he a-k.'d. The man jioitred out a voluble story. ArnisriMjig flit him short half-way. ' Tint's all lies,' he sa.id. ' You are I'le man that was up at C'laybarns last l-.-=t week.' Tin* tramp stopped, and cried to see Irs face. 'Mr. Armstrong, ain't it?' he said dubiously. ' I.i.rd. sir. I didn't know it w,-..« you.' ' X'1. or V'-u wouldn't have pitched me that bh-.-sed yarn. 'What are you doing Ihsv anvliow V Didn't we make np a i-.ille -tii-n f'ir you and started you for Xe w -:!i-;! k ? What's conic of tha't in!-n-\v. hey ? Dnvnk it. I dare say.' ' Yiiirre a 111:131 of penetraiion. Mr. Anusiroiig. I throw myself upon your ni»rcy. Yes. I spent tho money in rtr'nk— 1:1 a little brief oblivion of my mvifort unos. Air. Armstrong — yes, I did.' ' You're half-dnink now.' 'Oh. vo. sober! That is. compara tively sober : that Is— sober for me. You ar;- t.-i hard 011 me. Mr. Armstrong. You don't make allowances. ThatV; lle-inoVHo down there '.''' he resmueil flfter a i-aii.--e. pointing to the low group of lights. ' Yes.' s-aid Armstrong with a little movement. How far he had been car ried fr--'!i his raptured dream ! ' In w-i:)1! be the better of you.' 'lloiMe. sweet 'hiiine !' said the ti-amp wirh an exaggerated gn-sture of senti ment. 'The goal -:f -my wanderings. tin1 ciV.itre of my hopes. Xewc'U-;fle ? X;- bl^imui' Newcastle for me. thank yvn. when I have a wife and riaugh'ier waiting *:- clasp me to their 1k*soiu in a houevscnkled cot in a peaceful ha in let.' ?? I'm sorry for 'e-:n.' said Armstrong gri mly. 'Mr. Armstrong— with all respect to you — because you saved my life, which 1 never can forget, yon aren't a man of line feelings, sir. Think of tin? raprure of ibsphig a hmg-lost husband, think of tin*' lili.-il jny of 7i daughter embrac ing her far'ier. Ar.-tl think of my feel ings. Yon -?!?(- n::- here peiinilivw. rag ge:l. hungry, drusik. ymi said. 10:1— that was an exaggeration, bur we will let it | 1i:i.--s. I am travelling toward.-! peace, respectability, and pri'sur-riiy. The m\\-st!s has g'.-t a decent bit of mrsnrv. I'm told.' 'I'm s--rry for her,' repi/atoil Arm strong. 'You live in l[fiiiel~i-le. Maybe you know hvr. We wiwi't inenfii:n nani-s jei : and 1 dare .-ay :-he\s changed a 1-:*. but she has a mark that anybody won!:! know her by. Are you acquainted wM.-i a rail, dark woman with a s -ar m hr cheek ? —I ought to know that «-v.r.-,' he s-.iid with a low. lleiulish chuckle Avhich suggested deep bnitaiity. Armstrong's blood run cold, lie hali paused. 'Is that your wife V he asked in a choked utterance. ' My wife, whom I haven't seen for a good it -over a score of years. Sln- ha:l a sister who died a while ago. and she went U- see: that sister on her drain bed. being of an effect.ionate disposition, and 1 happciued to hea.r of it. I had made ii]i my -in S ml that she was dead, and that I was a desolate widower. Xow I know she is alive, and to-uig.ht t.heiv Arill 1»- a family reuiiiion— a happy family re u.iii'ii!— -:i. romance in real life. Why -. st.ouldn't I be joyful ? Drunk ? I worn the idea ; I'm only exhilarated by the prospect.' Armstrong could not reply. The de scription had photographed to him ?Her-iter 1*. hick's mother ; a:nd more clearly still, he saw Hester hei-solf. fri«h. sweet, and gracious, unconscious -if this horror which was bearing down upon her young life. Hester, this ma'n's daughter ! Th's besotted, wicked wre'tch. whtise hand, as 'he hsi-d conl'i^:;- ! ed in tone, if .not in words, had -Vs- liguivd her mother for life. He pV tured her shamed in the face of tho would by the frightful iliscovi^ry. forced into eoaitaci with the man— she w:- -sweet, so shielded, and so pure. Was it j not ])'A--K;.l)le to rescue her from the pa hi and grief nf the to-morrow V i ' I wish to hcavein.' he sa-:d bitterly ? in hi,s soul, ' that I had left you to be roasted.' ; The. manner in which tihese two men JkmI ?nie.t before was in this wise. There .liaiil been n iarm tire at Ciaybanw, and the miwt active of the salvage pnn-ty had bet'ii the masons and tX.lier worlcmcii : who were employed at. exteius-ive nltem- ' tions on a mansion-house near, of whom j George Armstrong was one. The tir;- i wa$ a serious ojae, the Jive stock wais'. though with dil!i-u!fy. sa»-?il, rr.ul it hail made c-Hi.s:d;T.ib!e headway wh;'.i it was discovered thai there had been a tramp asleep in one of the lofts. Th.- . ordinary exit, was impossible witii suiVo caiing smoke, but. Armstrong, not with- ! out some danger, had smashed a way ! in from another building and dragged j out, the main, half-conscious, but. un- j touched by the lire. There was some suspicion that he might, have been the cause of. the conflagration ; but. on the other hand it might 'have originated in a spark from the tihraislring-nrill. and as the loss wais fully covered by insurance the sufferers were not. anxious to prove it other iHian accidental. The vagrant frohl a j)lausiblo story, and the workmen and others gathered up a small gum to assist. -him on his wa.y. Whether lie had i ever meant 'to go to Newcastle or not. it is impossible 1o say ; but at any rate .h-oro he was ba'ck in the district, this time with an objedt evidently definite enough, and obviously rejoicing quite as much in. the dfenray which his re appearance would cause as in the in viting prospect it offered. They had reached the outskirts of the town, now, where the street squandered ?itself into cottages and villas more or less pretentious. A heavy mist— a '.haar' in local phrase— was settling ?down, and enveloping everything in a ghostly veil. ' Now, I wonder which is their house,' 'said Ai-nnstrong's companion specuTat.ively. ' Come along with me,' growled Arm strong. The strangely assorted couple Paced forward and up into t.he square, where t.he flitting figures of the passers looked like ghosts, «.nd appeared and vanished at short distances. Arm strong was glad of the blurring fog, for lie was heartily ashamed of his com pamion, and, moreover, anxious that the laltter should mot be noted hy the towns people. At last he paused at an. entry spanned toy a low arch and running between two houses wi'th doors opening left and right. ' In there,' he said. ' First, landing, right hand side ;' and stood back to let the other past Although obviously a little disappointed at the mean appear ance of the dwelling the vagrant step ped .In witli a cheerful ware of farewell. Armsti- ong heard his step, slow on the unfamiliar stair, as he ascended, sind smiled grimly to himself as he heard him knock. He repeated the summons twice, out there was no answer. As he knocked agaiin Armstrong came up be hind him quietly, atnd putting his hand over his shoulder turned a key in the lock ami shoved the door open. ' Hullo !' salid the other, Ktar.Qed. ' You agaiin .'—what the deuce ? ? ' 'This is where I live,' explained Arm strong quietly as he std-nck a match on tflre side of the door. ' Come in. You don't want to go down to your wife a sorry spectacle like that.' ' Now this is wliat I call really friendly,' remarked t.he vagrant, fol lowing him in. 'This warms my heairt.' Nevertheless (lie {eyed A.rni strong suspiciously when the gas was lit. There was a set, storm look about the main's grimy face which was not wholly renssuring. The room was small and cramped out surprisingly tidy. The fire was laid, and a. kettle stood on the hob. A wo man who lived in the same house made things neat for Armstrong while he was out. Armstrong's big figure seemed to till the small dwelling-house, and Ihe turned as he i-ose from kindling tihe fire and surveyed his visitor with grim cool ness. ' Now we can have a talk without being disturbed,' Hie sa'id calmly. 'Will I tell you what you are going to do ? You are going to stay Iitere tiiis night, and to-morrow mom'tog I will go with you to the station ami 'see you into the train, mid That will be flic end of you as far as Ilemelside fe concerned.' The .stranger's face, a sensual face, which had once been handsome, turned to an angry pallor, and his lips drew back over his stained teeth with an animal snarl. He looked over his shoulder at. the door, but Armstrong laid a detaining grip on his arm and forced him gently inbo the chair by the lire. ' That's your programme,' said the vagrant witlli an oath. 'But what if it isn't mine ?' ' I'm williing to talk reasonably to you.' replied Armstrong gently. ' I wa:nt to get you to see it in the proper light. I'll make it worth your while to comply, and if you don't— why. then ? . But we'll not talk about Chat, we'll dis ci'i-s t:he matter in :\ friendly way, and the first thing T want to know is— how murk you will take V Anything that's in the compass of a wo.rki.ng man I'm will ing to give.' ' Well, if Chat's your talk ? ' -said the or.her. recovering his spirits. 'But linst I want to know. a« between man ;wid ni;n-, whn.!'.s you hrtorost in this little private business of mine.' 'I'm a-quai'iiied witJi die people you mean.' said Armstrong slowly. 'The mother 's a delicate woman. She has In-art trouble, -and ;i .sudden shock ? ' ' Kv-i-.;i ;: ??.Uvick of j,,y— well ?' ' A ninick might kill her. amd— I'm g.:.!ng ;,. marry llc^ier.' His. lips dried :!,': i.'ii' bjldniKs of the announcement, bin he went on ?unwaveringly. ' I'm «i mtrn that could prorect his wife from ?any blackmailing, but 1 don't iflioosc that she should be even annoyed.' 'Now I begin to undovwtaiid. So you are -a pr'-spective s(«i-in-law of mine V Well, you naturally take an interest in the caw. otherwise I should have re se:ilc;l youv iiitcrfercim1 a« an iin pert-inenc'1. So yon interpcKe your au t.hority. do you ? Things are topsy turvey nowadays. You ought to have been asking humbly my benediction on the engagenu-nt.' Anust.r-rt)-.r's lip curh-d. ' Much good ,\our lrs'iiedU-fion would do any one.' ' Well, we comprehend ea-h other. You Wsint t) buy mi' off : :iiiid 1. taking everything into consideration, am will ing to be bought off. ? Hmv much for _-i. loving wife, a beauiiful daughter, a ?highly 'intelligent' -on-in-l.iw V (ioing dii'r chrnp ; any one miike a bid to start. with ? Any one i-ny twenty pounds V' ' Yv-.u shall have twenty ])ounds.' «iid (ieorge. T.he other regret lev! poignantly that j he had net asked 'double : indeed he ' made an attempt to draw a higher offor. ' original sum. '? Twenty pounds i? a good offer,' he said. ' i! is 71 large sum -U) a man in j my pcKi thin— it ;s a fortinu! to a man j like you. It is more i.han you are worth ! — l.ji-i'ii? :m you isl:ri:d— body and soul, i If U as much as 1 -«.ni give.' i ' Von a iv ]!ivi-i'ius cninrplimeititary ! Well. I .?'.civpl— M' you will pay my fa.ro ; over and above.' ', ' Where are yvu going ?' ?? London.' ?? The further rite be.fl.er.' j ?? Thai 'is settled, then.' . ! He f^r-*le.h'-d 'himself fliul yawned. ! 'Are ,vi;u going to give ma any sup per, pray V Hiud, I'm' going loss-be-. caM1 of tlie m.'-iey f!i:in be:-auGe I'm really mull'!' some obligaiicn to you. Afler a.ll. you saved my life.' : ?' I might have done .h-.-n with more '?ease.' said (-JiMrge A nnstrong l)iMi*rl.v i as he brought from the cupboard a baf ! :r:id i-ome cold meat. j ' Ye.! i-aai have coiTee.' he said. ' I've I no liquor of any kind in the house, and I I'm nt)t. going to fetch it. for you.' ' 1 nVigh't have known you were a tee totaller.' sakl t.he other c;t relrssiy. ' First, because you had twenty pounds to give away; euul sei'o;idly. becar.st you ^U'e such a, cold-'hea:'ted fellow. So my daughter's name is Hester. 1 was tirying to reineniber. Is she pivtty. i^li T 'She is botih f-re'tty and good.' sai'd Armstrong 'brustiuely. ' She doesn't take after you hi a.ny twpecf.' The other laughed softly. ' The glamour is on yon yet.' he said easily. 'It won't last for «vor ' (To be concluded ? - ' x 