BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Glorious news!—the reformers are re formed. Nothing like rotation and regularity and regularity and rotation. Our Reform Commissioners are scarcely warm in their seats than they start in to bounce Superinten dent Tommy Byrnes. Up to a few days before he tendered his resignation he was supposed to be the model on which all future police superintendents should be put up. The Lexow committee was hard at work, and among the big fish that the Lexow drag net brought to the surface was Aleck Williams, the gentle guardian of the Tenderloin. Then a vacancy occurred in the superintendency. There were many aspirants for the berth, but really only two who had the ghost of a chance —Thomas Byrnes and Alexander Williams, with a pointer or two in favor of Williams. When the subject came up before the Com mission Tom Byrnes got the plum. It was a life long job, with a tremendous strong pull —six thousand a year as long as he chose to remain in active service and a pension of three thousand till death, if he saw fit to retire. Now let us look and see what the Re formers have done for the City of New York in the way of social and political economy. Within a year three of the most eminent men on the force have been virtually com pelled to resign with no charges brought against them, and though each one of them was fit for service for many years to come, they are now quartered on the municipality as long as they live, giving no service in re turn—their aggregate salaries amounting to eighteen thousand dollars a year. Go through the police force of our city of four thousand men and there could not be found more thoroughly experienced policemen than Byrnes, Alexander Williams and Peter Conlin. After a service of only a few weeks, Mr. Conlin, like the unhappy municipal guardians in Gilbert and Sullivan's "Pirates of Penzance," soon discovered that the policeman's lot was not a happy one. Before his election Mr. Conlin was the most humble and self depreciative member of the force, and in fact that was his chief recom mendation to Theodore Roosevelt and Colonel Grant, they being Republicans and he a Demo crat, but both of those gentlemen were dread fully sold when they picked out Peter Conlin for a tenderfoot. Peter was not put up that way. He was graduated in those good old days when Tammany politics were in the ascendant, and though to an unobservant countryman he may have looked like Mary's little lamb, before they got through with him they could not fail to discover that there was not very much of the lamb about Peter Conlin. Theodore Roosevelt was the chairman of the Police Commission and a civil service reformer dyed in the wool; Peter Conlin was not a civil servicer, but on every question that came before the Civil Service Commissioners took water. He has busted the commission all to smith ereens. A new generation has possession of the police citadel that knew not Roosevelt or civil service reform; while from the opposite bank of the inky Styx is heard the voice of one who in his day and generation inquired in weird tones, "What are you going to do about it?" A reply seemed to come from the crowd of unwashed cut in the Hall, "Noth ing." But that was not the gait of our talented young cowboy commissioner. It would be much more merciful to Mr. Roosevelt to kill him than to put him in a straight jacket and compel him to do nothing. He does not be lieve with Talleyrand and Montesquieu that language was invented for the purpose of concealing our thoughts—for when he started in to tell you anything you never were in the slightest doubt as to what he meant when he got through. People may say what they please about Teddy, the Caliph, but the man is thoroughly and squarely honest, a hearty hater of shams, frauds and cheats, and not over particular in the language he selects to describe them. The consequence was that it was not long till he found himself the best hated man in the Police Commission; but his hide was as thick as that of a rhinoceros and the arrows that glanced off from its glossy steel-like surface were quite as likely to kill a friend as an enemy. Within a year we have been compelled to live under the administration of three different police superintendents. We have called them off one by one and pensioned them on the city at a cost of 9,000 dols. a year, and all in the name of police reform. To begin with, the three men just bounced by the reform were not only the best men— only the very best men on the force (and I am speaking of them only as policemen), but they are quite as good (if not better), than any other three men to be found on the police force of any of the great capitals of Europe. The mysterious feature of the whole affair is that there is not a solitary offence charged against either of them. They have steadily worked their different ways from patrolmen to superintendents, without any apparent aid or wire pulling from the outside, until finally they have reached the highest point in a policeman's ambition, that of superin tendent for life. Aldermen may come and go, mayors may be elected by phenomenal majorities that paralyse the ballot boxes and appal the election inspectors; the entire city government may be turned wrong side up and universal ruin crown this capsheaf of disaster, and when the smoke has cleared away and a broad and comprehensive view informs you that Fate has done its worst, they sit on what little is left of the world, smiling amid the ruin from which there is no recall, or rebate, blessed with the inheritance of everlasting continuity in office, a living illus ration of the truth of the Darwinian theory of the survival of the fittest. But why should Thomas Byrnes step down and out? Ah, my dear friend, he had been detected in the very act—yes, sir, in the very act—by an old flytrap; knocked out in the first round by a featherweight whose weight at the ring side only tipped the steel yards at 110¼. You want to know all about it? Well, I'll tell you. You have heard of Jay Gould? Yes. Well, I thought you had; Jim Fisk's old partner, who a short time before had taken up with Frank Lawler, the actor's wife, who passed in his cheeks at the Forrest Home for de cayed actors at Holmesburg, in the State of Pennsylvania. But to return to Mr. Thomas S. Byrnes and Mr. Jay Gould. It was several years ago, and Mr. Gould stood outside the door of the chief of the detective force. He had just sent in his card by the orderly in waiting, requesting the honor and plea sure of an interview. The eyes of the detective chief opened twice their usual size, and he said in his brusque way: "Show the gentleman in." The door is opened and a small, gravelooking Jewish man—the greatest financier of his day and generation, and the sharpest detective since Vidocq—stand face to face. There is a moment's pause and, as the chief detective waved his hand to a chair, he inquired in the tone of a man who is very busy and has no time to waste: "How can I serve you, sir?" The little man rose from his seat and presented the chief a bundle of let ters, in which his life was threatened in every way that the most depraved mind could con ceive, but offering for a stated sum in hard cash to compound their villainy. The chief cast his eyes rapidly over the letters, and, looking up at Mr. Gould, said: "What is it you desire?" ''Police protection, for it seems to me that my life is in danger." "You shall have it," said the chief. "Call around in a few days and we will consider this matter fur ther." Striking the bell on his desk his or derly entered, and, giving a slight nod of his head to Mr. Gould, the interview was at an end. It was only a short time pre viously that Mr. Byrnes established the dead line, beyond which no known crook was allowed to pass. It crossed Broadway at Fulton-street, from river to river. If he pleaded business, he was furnished with a detective escort, so he soon got tired and left. A few weeks after, being down town, Superintendant Byrnes called on Mr. Gould to see if he had been troubled since his visit. Mr. Gould replied no, and asked the detec tive chief if there was any way in which he could serve him. Mr. Byrnes replied, In no way whatever. In the course of conversation the dull business in the stock board was referred to. "That will remedy itself," replied the great finan cier. "There are thousands of tons of grain that must find a market in order to enable the farmer to pay the advances given on his growing crop—the interest on the mortgage on his house and farm, his cur rent expenses for the year. His creditors won't wait; they must have the money. The farmer wants to sell, the exporter wants to buy. Ours is the only road over which they can ship their corn and wheat. Yet, it appears to me that such and such stocks (naming them) would be an excellent invest ment at present prices." Mr. Byrnes watched the great financier while he was speaking and drew his conclusions from the manner in which the opinion was given. He bought some, and did not lose. He bought, as many others do, by closely watching men and the current events of the day, and was generally successful. Is there a man alive who thinks Thomas S. Byrnes, in pessession of the best life office in the gift of the people, would place his name and his fame and the tenure of his life office at the mercy of Jay Gould or any body else on the face of the earth? The man who supposes this is a bigger fool than I suppose existed on our planet. There may be mysterious hints, knowing shakes of the head, as "well, well; I know. I could, and I would," etc., etc., but when it comes to the hard granite facts there never has been formulated a serious charge, in all of his years of service, against Superintendent Thomas S. Byrnes. Alexander Williams may be more open to charges than his chief; if so, why was he not tried, convicted and pun ished? Peter Conlin was another good police man, from whom we might have had years of effective service, but he, too, is driven out. If this is reform, save me—oh! save me from my friends. Yours truly, BROADBRIM. 