Readings in Catholic Doctrine. THE SACRAMENT OF CONFIRMA TION. You will find some grown people, and even some Avho are quite old, who have never been confirmed. Either they did not have the opportunity for it. when they were children, or they neglected the opportunity which they had. Is that any reason why they should not be confirmed now? nsriainiv M- \a nnt t+ is true that all Christians ought to re ceive this sacrament as soon as they are able to understand what it is; the sooner' the better. But it is also true, and for the same reasons, that if it is best in youth, it is far better late than never. All Christians, that is, all who have been baptised, ought, I say, to receive this sacrament as soon as they are able to understand what it is. They could, indeed, receive it before they could understand it; and it has been sometimes allowed to have infants confirmed immediately after their baptism. If an infant were so con firmed, it could never be confirmed again. But at present it is required, out of reverence for this great sacra ment, that every one should know, when he receives it, what it is that he is receiving; and any one avouIc! com mit a sin if he should neglect the in structions which are given, and the study which he needs, to enable him to do so. No one need be afraid of being too well prepared. Let us then consider, in this short tract, some points which all, whether they have yet been confirmed or not, should know. And in the first place, let us ask ourselves the question which I have just said we all ought to know how to answer— what is it that we are going to receive, or have already re ceived, in this sacrament? Who is it, we should more properly say, for the answer to this question is this: In Confirmation we receive Almighty God Himself. In Holy Communion, you know, we also receive God; for it is our Lord Jesus Christ, God the Son, the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, who comes to us in that, under the form of bread, to give life to our souls. But Confirmation is different from this, for in it we receive God the Holy Ghost, the Third Person of the Blessed Trinity, not the Second. And he does not come to us under the form of bread, or any other form that our eyes can see; but he really comes to us for all that, and enters into o\ir souls. There is another difference between this Sacrament and that of Holy Com munion. When we receive Communion God indeed comes to us, and gives us as many graces . and gifts as we are able and willing to receive. But He does not remain with us very long. But when He comes to us in Confirmation, He comes to stay with us all our lives. The graces of Confirmation are not only for a short time, but to last as long as we live. We may lose them for a time, by sin, it is true. The Holy Ghost will not remain in a heart which is stained by mortal sin; but when the sin is driven out by a true sorrow and a good confession, He will come back to be with us in the same way as before. The Sacrament of Confirmation, then, lasts all our lives. But in one sense it lasts even longer; that is, for all eter nity. For when we are confirmed, a character or mark is imprinted on our souls. We cannot see it, for we cannot see our souls themselves; but it is there. And if we are saved, and go to heaven, it will be a glory and an honour to us that those Avho have not been confirmed will not have. This ought to be enough to sIioav Iioav foolish as well as Iioav wrong it is to neglect to be confirmed. In Confirma tion, God the Holy Ghost, the Third Person of the Blessed Trinity, equal to the Father or the Son, comes to honour us Avith His presence and His graces for all our lives, and to put a1 glorious mark or sign upon our souls, which Avill make us happier eAren in heaven; and if Ave neglect to be confirmed, Ave as much as say to Him that Ave do not care for His presence or His grace, or at least can get along Avell enough Avithout them, Does not this seem very much like an insult to Him? Certainly it is hard to see Iioav one Avho neglects Con firmation, when he has a chance to re ceive it, can .be excused from mortal sin. So you see, there Avas very good reason for saying that all Christians ought to be confirmed, that is, that they are obliged to be so, though they may certainly be -saved Avithout it if it has not been through their OAvn fault, or ii! they are heartily sorry for this sin, as for all other sins, when they come to die. But let us ask ourselves another ques tion, and Ave shall see even more plainly why Ave ought to be confirmed, and what is gained by receding this sacra ment. And the question is, AVhat does God come to us for Avhen Ave receivo Him in it? The name of the sacrament is intend ed to ansAver that question. He comes to confirm us. And Avhat does that mean? It means to make us firm. You know Avhat is meant by being firm. When a man stands firm on his feet it is not easy to knock him down. Now that is Avhat the devil is always trying to do. He is ahvays trying to throAV us doAvn; out of the state of grace, and into that of sin. And how does he do this? Mo does it by temptation. And 'if Ave have not a special gift of standing firm against his temptations he Avill be al most sure to succeed in making us fall, and making us fall very often too. So the Holy Ghost comes to us in the sac rament of Confirmation to give us this special gift of firmness against tempta tion, and He wants us to receive Him in this Avay as soon as temptations be gin; that is, Avhen Ave are still young; and not to Avait till Ave have fallen over and over again. The Catechism tells us that 'in Con firmation Ave are made strong and per fect Christians, and soldiers of Jesus Christ.' Soldiers; yes, for Ave have a battle before us, and a hard one too, against the Avorld, the flesh, and the de vil. In Confirmation Ave get our ar mour and our strength for this battle; so it is as foolish for us to go without it Avhen Ave can get it as it Avould be for a soldier to go to fight the enemy Avithout armour when there was plenty at hand for him to use. That Avould not be common sense. There is one temptation against which the grace of Confirmation is specially needed, and to meet AVhich it is more particularly intended. 'And that is tho temptation to AVhich Ave are more or loss exposed, to deny, be ashamed of, or abandon the faith. So this is the reason why, in countries like this, AVhich are not Catholic, it is peculiarly important to be confirmed. Besides this strength to resist temp tation, there are seven special gifts of the Holy% Ghost, AVhich are rceived in Confirmation. Thy are called wisdom, understanding, counsel, fortitude Knowledge, piety, and the fear of the Lord. There would not be room in a short tract like this to explain them all; so we must pass on to two more questions, namely, how is Confirmation given? and, how shall Ave prepare to receive it? How, then, is Confirmation given? It is only bishops who have ordinarily the power to give this sacrament. The Pope can appoint a priest to confirm, but this is seldom done. And the way in which the bishop confirms is by making the sign of the Cross with chrism on the lorehead of the person, and saying the words: 'I. sign thee with the sign of the Cross, and confirm thee with the chrism of salvation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Chrism is a mixture of oil and bal sam; and.it must be blessed by a bishop before it is used in Confirmation. There are other rites and ceremonies connected with this sacrament, but these are all that are essential. It is only the work of a moment, but in that moment a work is -done that will last for ever. Now, lastly, let us ask ourselves, how shall Ave prepare to receive this sacra ment, if Ave have, not yet received it? First, we must try and understand as much about it as Ave can. But this is the least important part of the pre paration. We shall receive its graces if Ave do not understand all about -l! if it is really not our fault that Ave do not. But we shall not receive them unless Ave are in the state of grace, for this sacrament is a sacrament of the living and not of the dead. And, fur thermore, anyone Avho receives Confir mation, knowing himself to be in mor tal sin, commits a horrible sacrilege. The Holy Ghost will indeed come into his heart when he repents of his sins, but such a great sin as this Avould be a great obstacle to repentance. In order then that we may be sure to be in the state of grace, we must make a good confession shortly before com ing to be confirmed, and also receive Communion, if possible. And we must pray earnestly for the grace to ap proach this great Sacrement of Confir mation, Avhich can be given to us only once, with the best possible disposi tions, and make the firm resolution that Avhen God shall come to us in this wonderful Avay that we Avill never drive Him from our hearts by sinning again. A short and simple exposition of Ca tholic doctrine— the Primacy, the In fallibility and the Temporal Power of the Pope, the Trinity, the Divinity of Our Lord, the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, Mortal and Venial Sin, the Com mandments, Devotion to the Sacred Heart and to the Blessed Virgin, the Immaculate Conception, Purgatory and Prayers for the Dead, the Ceremonies of Holy Week, the difference between religious or Christian and secular edu cation, &c;, &c;— Avill be published in this column. Any readers who would Avish to make use of the Apostolate of the Press should send a copy of this paper, or cut out the article and send tho clip ping to their non-Catholic friends. Es pecially tracts on the Papacy, the Sa crament of Penance, or, as it is popu larly called, the Confessional, and De votion to the Blessed Virgin. It is well known that there1 are some, per haps many, outside the Catholic Church who do not know at least some of her teachings, but Avho are anxious to know the truth. By making use of the 'Press'1 for this purpose Ave are but doing Avhat Catholics in many other countries are doing. Besides, the Ca tholic papers already published in To ronto, for instance, a Aveekly journal, 'The Impartial Witness,' is distributed free to five thousand people of all re ligions. By this means much good work is acknoAVledged to have been done. — 'Ed. 'C. Press.' ? Tho ' Journal do Bruxellos ' publishes an official telegram from Vienna, denying tho rumours of tho elopement of Princess Philip of Saxo-Coburg Glotha. Both Prince and Princess Philip, tho telegram declares, are at present staying at their residence in Vionna. Thcy'roaonbly spent a few days'in Munich, whore they were entertained by the Court. In a railway-carriage one day a gentleman expatiated an the beauty of nature, Cows Avore giming in tho fields. 'Reading in tho fields,' said he, 'sometimes a cow comes and bonds its head over, mo. I look up benignantly at it.' With a filial smilo,' rejoined a fol low-travel lor, Tho nood of 'brain food ing' |h beginning to lie recognised 'by tho lay public. For ex ample, it is at length porooivod that to per form intellectual work thoroughly men must be supplied with fresh air. It is not unrea sonable to anticipate that in process of time it may diewn on tho consciousness of ordinary thinkers that), just as muscle is fed and Drained for physical exoioiso, so brain, noods to bo propared and sustained in mind Avork. It must bo fed and nourished by special design. An adequate supply of oxygen is tho preliminary requirement. Tlion comes tho question of food; and,, whatever olso may food tho brain,. Avorkors with this organ should . bo assured that alcohol Avill. not sustain it. Alcoholization and oxygonation are directly antagonistic processes 5 and ovon if alcohol' bo food for tho brain, the organ cannot foocll whon tho nutrient fluid circulating in its1 vessels is disabled from tho task of convoy ing oxygon, Avhieh happens whonovoi spirit is present in more than very moderate pro portions in tho blood. The relief aiTor'dod by alcohol from tho sonso of depression' produced by a lack of oxygon is, therefore,, illusory. It is procured by over-stimulating' an organ Avhich is both exhausted and impaired. — 'Tho Lancet.' 