Coca I & leni$. Anglican. — 11th Sunday after Trinity, August 29 — Holy Trinity — Holy communion at S, mattiris at II, children's service and baptisms at 3, even song at 7.30, Yarrow Creek (Mr Morley's) at 11,- Glencoe at 3.— Rev. Canon King, vicar. YVesleyan. — Order of divine service for next Lord's Day is as follows ; — Glen lnnes 11 and 7.30, Wellitigrove at 3. — Rev. W. T. S. Wright. Presbyterian. — Sunday next, August 29th — Glen lnnes at 11 (Home Mission collection by ap- appointment of the General Assembly), Dundee at 3, Deepwater at 7.30. — Rev. J. Edwards, B.A. Glen lnnes at 7 30— Mr. S. W. Bnrridge. Fellow ship Association on Sunday morning at 10. Police Magistracy. — We congratulate Mr. George Stevenson upon having qualified himself for the office of Police Magistrate. It Is not un likely that Mr. Stevenson will shortly receive an important position under the Department of Justice in one of the principal districts. As a con scientious and zealous officer, he well deserves pro motion, aud in his altered status in the Service he is sure to prove faithful to his trust, no leBs than he has done iu the past. Draught Stallion. — We understand that Mr. A M'Alpin has secured for the coming season the services of the Clydesdale stallion Young Clan Campbell. This horse was bred by Mr. Onus, of The Hawkesbury, his sire being Clan Campbell (imp), from an imported mare, and is described to us as a very symmetrical coit, of good bone with plenty of substance. Draught stock being in re quest, this horse should prove an acquisition to the distriet. Mineral Lease — It is notified in the Gazette that mineral lease 343, of 20 acres, in the parish of Stonehenge, formerly held by John Gaffney, and now standing in the name of Horatio King, will be cancelled on 3rd September, and may he re taken at 2.30 p.m. on that date. Rkfrethment Rooms. — Visitors to town, espe cially on a Saturday, will find the commodious refreshment rooms of the Model Bakery, opposite the Town Hall, a great boon. Mr. J. Noonen has a splendid display of dainty eatables every day and the roopis are most comfortable. The rear room is fitted up with small tables, a la Parisian aud the visitor can be regaled with a toothsome repast at any moment. We wish the Model Bakery refreshment rooms a fair.share of success. Social. — On Wednesday evening last the 'Our Boy8' social club gave a return dance to the young ladieB of Glen lnnes for the kind hospitality in the last Cinderella dance. The social took place in the Masonic Hall, and when MrB, Sargeaut played the opening waltz there were about 35 couples present, who ' chased the fleeting hours with flying feet,' until the Town hall clock struck one. Mr. John Noonen provided an excellent supper, and Mr. Jas. M'Intyre made an energetic secretary, looking after most assiduously the wants of everyone pre sent, Cottage Homes. — Allotments 1 and 20 of section 31, containing an area of 2 roods 37 perches, in the town of Glen lnnes, have been reserved from sale as a site for the Cottage Homes for the indigent poor which the Ladies' Benevolent Society propose erecting. A Venerable Throne.— What is probably the most venerable piece of furniture n existence is, says an exchange, now deposited in the British Museum. It is the throne of Queen Hanasn, who reigned in the Nile Valley Bofme 1,600 years before Christ, and twenty-nine years before Moses. This now dilapidated object seems to be of lignum y itse, the carving of the legs being inlaid with gold, and those of the bagk with sjlver. How Klondykk was Found. — The new Khloi ado lies just across the Alaskan boundary, in British tenitory. It is of recent discovery, -but a'ready : there are, at least, 3000 people on the ground, and more are flocking in that direction as fast as trans portation can he secured. The discovery of the Klondyke regions presents a story, that is uniquely interesting. Around Forty Mite 011 the Yukon is a tribe ot Indians known as the Stickers, and with them is a man who year's ago was known .as George Cormack, but who is now called 'Stick George.' In September last, at the head of a party of In dians, he left his hut, near Forty Mile Camp, and started in a southerly direction, saying that he intended to find a new gold, field before his return. True to his word, 'Stick George' came back, two weeks later, and started the miners with the an nouncement that 40 miles away, in a place known as Throendiuck, which means 'fish water,' there was gold to be found in plenty. The streams abounded with the yellow metal, and all that was needed was for somebody to pick it up. It is need less to say that there were many who were ready to accept his story. They flocked to the place, and in time the word reached Forty Mile Camp that untold riches could be found along the bottom of Bonanza Creek and its tributaries. Men who had failed at the former camp immediately packed up their belongings, and set out for the new fields. It was a hard and trying journey, but that was nothing with the promise of millions at the end of the route. The Offer oe Knighthood to Mr. G. H. Reid. — The Daily Chronicle states that Mr. Reid, the New South Wales Premier, was offered a knight' hood by Mr. Chamberlain with the Privy Council- lorship. He declined the knighthood, and though much official pressure was brought to bear upon him he still declined. The Privy Councillorship, he explained, was an honor of which he and his colony would be most proud, but a knighthood would uot fit iu with his own democratic sentiments and those ot his friends in New South Waes. In deed, before leaving Australia the Premier made a bet with a political associate that he would return' plain Mr Reid, and, he says, 'You may take it that I mean to wiu that money.' Gold between Two Seams of Coal.— The latest Johannesburg (South Africa) papers to hand de vote considerable space to a remarkable discovery of gold under peculiar circumstances. A newly formed company in search of coal started work on a farm twelve miles north of Pretoria. At a depth of 80 feet a 22ft seam of that mineral was struck. Boring was continued, and at a depth of 165ft the diamond drill passed through a gold bed over 7ft in thickness, which has the appearance of very fine conglomerate or coarse millstone - grit, so familiar in coal measures. The bed is impregnated throughout with pyrites, and the core, on being submitted to analysis gav6 an assay of 11 dwt. of gold to the ton. This is the first occasion on which an apparently payable gold bed has been tound actually in- the coal measures, and lying between two seams of coal. The gold bed is not only of re markable thickness, hut is extremely 'friable, and - hence can he cheaply mined. The find, which is creating intense excitement iu Johannesburg, is situated within a few hundred yards of the Pieters- burg Railway. That Sydney Ghost. — According to the News of Tuesday theqghost story 1ms received a bad knock by the narrative of the lady who formerly occupied the alleged haunts of spockdom. She is a widow, and with her two children had occupied the house for three months ; only vacating it on. the Saturday previous to the night ;'ou which Con stable Harlaud aud his mate met with their des perate adventure. This lady states that she had not only seeu no manifestations of a ghostly nature during her tenancy, but that she had, as a martyr to rheumatics, frequently lain awake for hours to gether, at the very hour when churchyards yawn. The dematerialised would appear, if the constables story be correct, to liavo a decided partiality for frightening mere mortals ; why, then, did he not indulge his whim when his lonely fellow-tenant was but a poor weak woman with a couple of children? She utterly discredits the story. Ab an explanation she states that a small fox terrior, her property, had been very fond of climbing to a small attic room, the stairs to which are very steep. When she removed to her present -resi dence, the dog would sometimes go back to th6 old house, and if the door was open resume posses sion of his former lair. On the day previous to the eventful night, a lady who lives in the vicinity, and who has, possession of the keys, had lent them to some intending tenants to inspect the house, and on their return the back door had been left open! It is most probable the dog was sitting on the step when the constables hove in sight ; that he went upstairs on their endeavor to approach him ; nnd that on their final retirement he fol lowed them down again. At any rate the dog was away from home that night, and returned again the following day. The Right of Road Contractors.— At the Dungog Court ou August 6, Mr. Garstang gave a decision which is of considerable interest to land owners and contractors. It seems that a few weeks ago J. Wesley, who has a contract on the Foster- ton road, entered a paddock on the Aucheutorlie estate, and cut down four trees against the consent of the owner, for steepers, etc., for use on his con tract. Iu entering the land he was acting under a section of the Roads Act, which provides that any contractor under Government can euter adjacent lands for such materials as he may require. Mr. Wilce sued Westlcy for £10 damage, for trespass and destruction of property. Mr Waller, who ap peared for defendant, argued that Westley was justified in entering lands of plaintiff under the Roads Act, and the only point to settle was the value of the timber taken. Mr. Thomas (for plaintiff), on the other hand, contended that timber was not intended to be classed as 'material' under the Roads Act, and that the section referred to stone and gravel — a contractor could search, dig for, and carry away, but could not cut down ma terial. The P.M. said, in view of decisions given in ex parte Fitzpatrick and ex Jennet, there was no doubt timber was not included in the category of 'materials' nnder the Road Act, and defendaut vims clearly trespassing in entering plaintiff's land and cutting down trees. Verdict was given for £4 aud 4s costs. Chinese Converts. — The Newcastle Herald states that a large gathering representative of all denominations in West Maitland was present in the Presbyterian Church, Freechurch -street, on Tuesday evening to witness the baptism of two Chinese who had expressed a desire to renounce the doctrines of Confucius and follow the teachingsof the Christian religion. The service was opened with a hymn, followed with a chapter read from tlie Bible by the vRev. R. Jackson, of East Maitland, who then de livered an appropriate and eloquent address. The Rev. James Beuvie then read the requests of the two converts for baptism, and after entering into an examination of them concerning their faith, he proceeded to baptise them. Both are natives of Hong San, Canton, China. Jim Ni Ming, 25 years of age, took the christian name of Jacob ; while Fong Qhock Jean assumed that of Joshua. Both attributed their conversion to prayer, and to the teachings ol the Chinese missionary, J. F Rem Yeo. The Chinese present, numbering 17, sang two hymns in their own language, and had a discourse all to themselves from the missionary. The Eaglkhawk Murder.— At a meeting held on Wednesday afternoon of the Victorian Cabinet : it was decided that Charles' Hall, who was found : guilty of the murder of his wife at Bendigo. shall be executed 00 Monday, September 13. The crime was one of extraordinary character. The woman : was found head downwards in a tub of water, and was at first supposed to have been drowned through falling into the tub whilst in a fit, but subsequent j circumstances which became known to the police i led to Hall's arrest and condemnation, after the | jury had once disagreed. The Cabinet had a mo- | del of the body as it was found in the tub before them in the room, to assist them in arriving at a decision. ' Comic Side of an Earthquake.— A young En glishman, writing home from Culcutta, describes (says the London Echo) some of the comic scenes that occurred during the recent earthquake. He wrote : — The damage done is enormous, but I do not think the loss of life has been great. There is scarcely a house in the city, except those recently built, that has not been damaged, and houses here are stronger, as a rule, than those in London. The rooms are much larger and loftier. The earthquake had its comical side, too. Many persons ran into the streets with next to nothiug on. One of the partners in and Co., a very fat. man, was seen standing in the street with a naked baby iu his arms, himself arrayed in a vest and a pair of old pyjamas, while his wife, who had just returned from calling, was in all her war paint. The ex citement was tremendous. The Hindus blew conches and yelled to try and frighten away the evil spirit. All the natives thought it was the Last Day. The Mohammedan festival >vae just over, and they say that if it rains during this festival, and there is an earthquake after, the end of the world is at hand. A Queensland Tragedy. — Information comes from Normanton of a terrible tragedy. At Glenore, 14 miles from Normanton, M. S. M'Donald, a well-known resident of the Gulf and proprietor of the Glenore Hotel, it is alleged, cut a vein in his wife's arm and she bled to death. He then at tempted to blow his own brains out with dyna mite, bnt the fuse was too short, and he blew his hand off instead. He then with the remaining band cut his throat with a razor. M'Donald had recently been fined £15 for illegally using a horse and was to appear in connection with other charges with reference to horses. He also was in fiuancial difficulties, and in despair he ended his owu and wife's lives. Both were buried iu one grave. A Political Rumor. — It is reported that a new party has been formed in the Assembly to urge the Government to institute a vigorous Public Works policy, and it is stated pressure will be brought to bear on the Premier immediately he returns. Some iuteressing developments are anticipated. A Pessimistic Prophecy. — It is understood in political circles in Adelaide that the Sydney Fe deral Convention will not probably last beyond a fortnight, as it will either break up owing to the irreconcilable preteusions of the different states, or will be adjourned for a year to enable Queensland to come in. Science and Smugglers. — The Xrays have, it is asserted, been pressed into the service of the Customs. It is stated that M. Pallaiu, the chief of the French Customs, has brought into use the Rontgen rays for the detection of smugglers. His apparatus consists of a kind of enlarged spectros cope, fitted with lenses, 'through which the official peeps at one end, whilst the other extremity is big enough to hold a trunk or portmanteau. The object to be examined is placed between a Crookes tube and a fluorescent plate, with the result that its contents are at once revealed without unlocking the iid or even removing aii outer wrapper. M. Pullain proposes to apply his method at once to postal parcels only, so the conveyors of illicit cigars and contraband lace may still eujoy a brief respite.' Whatever M. Pallain's purpose may be, it is ex tremely doubtful whether he will do much good with his 'enlarged spectroscope.' A Machinery Record. — Says a Coolgardie pa per : — The Golden Bar battery has established a record. The Company ordered a 10-bead battery from Messrs. G. E. Fulton and Co.. of Adelaide, on June 2. It was manufactured and put on board the Adelaide on June 17. It consequence of the Jubilee holidays the steamer did not leave till June 23\. Fair winds, smart handling at Albany, and speedy transit to Coolgardie occupied another four teen days, and on July 7 the plant arrived 011 the mine, about two miles from Coolgardie. The Manager, Mr. Eondsdale, at once started with the erection, aud in four weeks, viz., 011 August 5, the battery was going satisfactorily. To summarise the above — iu nine weeks from the date of order the battejy was manufactured, delivered, erected, aud treating ore 611 the mine. 