THE MANIAC. Really, gentlemen,-I am delighted to see yoe. Itis'so seldom I receive visitors that I am' not as` familiar with the usages of polite society as I fiss somo.years ago, sc you must excuse-any little breaches ol etiquette I may commit,- Pray be seated; make yourselves quite-at homne. What, you still remain standing? Ab, yes-no chairs ! Well, never mind that. Try the floor; it is level and cool. These bracelets on my armine are hand seinome, are they not! I am the only one in this magnifient edifice so adorned. The others are not thought so much of as l am. To be sure, they are very heavy and some what discoloured, but my kind friends insist that I shall wear them. Ha ! ha I ha! Excuse me; you see I forget myself at times, and can hardly restrain the exuber; ance of my feelincs. Some call me mad, bua they are only envious of my appear ance. Madmen are not decked with mag. nificent jewellery and looked after as care folly as I am. My kind friends'are so very- solicitous of my welfare that they never allow me to leave this pleasant apart. meant.: Are madmen treated thus?. Never, gentlemen, never ! But. you do -not appear at ease-you are restless.. Ring the bell and my devoted servants will bring you' refreshments.' I am not boring you ? No? I'erhaps you would like a story-a pleasant little tale to please your children., Oh, I was a famous story-teller yearn ago, and I'll tell one that I know you'll lik. They tell meI'.a.llBd her, but, poor crea. tures, they are mad hopelessly mad. Why, she and.l were children together,~anld I loved ter too passiontely. swonliippinf" tIe very earth she spurned with' her dainty feet, to :ommit such an act. I remember well the day we met. It was to:the month of May, and all the earth was aglow with happiness. The birds trilled their merry songs, and at night thetwinkling stars looked down upon us with happy eyes. Even the moon reflected my joy, and often at'night I would wander forth alone in the fields and shout and cry aloud for joy, and the owls and the strange creatures that followed my footsteps joined in my merri ment. Ah, those were happy, happy days, When she and I ronmed amongst the llowers together. Some say I was crazy then. Ha ! ha ! How ridiculous ! . She moved to the great city and I fol lowed, hanging about her, like a faithful dog. See these strong white teeth ? ' lore than once I felt tempted to bury them in her white throat; but I-resisted the inclina tion and bided my time. She was beauti ful, demure, and again brilliant, and then as-peaceful and saintlike as her name Ursula. How then could I kill her, you ask? I did not.' -If you'll listen, - I'll tell you about it. Not a word of love had I spoken. I felt too sure of her. for that, and defied tlhe thought that ahe 'could care for any man but me. ' Ivisited her frequently. and was always greeted with a smile of welcome and a warm pressurefrom .er little hand. One calm September night we went to the theatre. Never had phe looked so beautiful. The'nmasseas 'of golden hair coiled on her graceful head and surrounding her beauti ful high-bred face seemed far more regal in the scintillating light than a crown of the precious metal itself inlaid with diamonds and precious stones. How the men stared at her ! Curse their impudence? With what pleasure I could have 'strangled them all ! How dared they admire her when she was mtine--body and soul ! . ... The central 6figure of the play was a Dane, and they called him mad, too The fools ! He was no more mad than I. Between the acts we talked in our usual manner, foir site asts always pleasant and-kind,'I say that for her, poor girl. It was a pity ashe died, but it could not be helped. " Jack," she said to me after a moment's pause, and I fixed my gaze upon the little dimoles in her face and thought how plea sant it would be to press a' sharp pointed .knife into their very centre. "Jack- my premise in ye u will sey. until I give you leave." " Well, Ursula," I replied absently. "Congratulate me on my gieat happiness. My engagementto Edward Sherlock will be announced to-morrow." For a moment my heart ceased to throb, my breathing was stifled. Engaged' to he married ! What could it mean? But with a mighty effort I regained my composure and responded to her words. I know I pleased her, for I lauded him-the' serpent ! -tothe skies. Then the curtain rose and she turned toward the stage. I felt the demon in me rise. It was the moment I had 'wished for so long. I thrust a hand 'in my pocket and cau tiously drew forth a small knife. I had bought it but that very morning, -and its bright blades, sharp as a razor, had never been soiled'. I' opened it andl thrust it,'up my aleeve. She should never be another's, I had sworn it, and intended to keel) my oath.. Thun, while the attention of the vast audience was rivetted on the agonies of tlhe 'dying Dane, the fiend within me gained controL 'I rose, holding my knife in a firm band, and when her pure profile was dis: played most clearly beneath the glure of the footlights, drew it acrosu her snowy throat. One cry and all was over. God ! that a tumult the fools raised ! Had I not a 'right to kill her? She was mine, I say, body and soul ! She never spoke a word; but with her blue eyes fixed upon me with a gaze of horror breathed one deep sigh and died. The lights were turned on, and amid the hoarse'shoots of the men and the cries of the women, I stoed exultant, holding aloft the instrument of death now stained with her life blood. I fought my way from the place. The people shrank from me as if I had actually committed some awful crime, and unmolested I reached my home,'qietly removed my blood-stained garments, went to bed in a traniuil framne of mind,'and slumbered as peacefully as a child. At last I was happy. ' But in the droadl of night my home was invaded. Iwns dragged from my couch by unfriendly hands, andi impriaoned onri a charge of murder. Strange, was it not ? I was tried and acquitted, of course. I did not kill iher. It was the demon; and so I was cleared. You approve of swhat I dlid ? Of course, e?veryone diid, and to show how kindly dis posed they were, my friends had me con veyedl to mty plresent commodious quarters, where 1 amnl now surrounded with all the luxuries life alordsl. To be sure, my jewels are culmbersome, and thia jacket tlhey insi-t I shall wear might bhe miore comfortable but these hittle thmns are nothing, gentlc men, notllng at all, compared with my pl?lcttures. Thatis the story. I have endcavoured to anltue you, andi trut l have esucceeded. Be -areful. sir, or yos swill tread ou the head of that gigantic ieptile coiled lenr yolur tent. Going ?I Make haste, then, or I may kill you, too. lla ! ha! Pardlon imylittle joke. !iootl morning : I hope you have hadI a aleasant call. Come againi : I shall be very nappy to see yt:. Ita ha: ha THE SPOTTER'S WARNING. at IBnRANA W. S·ELWDN. A queer, white fare, ghastly as death. glared in at the oindow of Carl Mannmtng'msf shanty. Carl looked up frem his biok ini-tinctively He had heard no ouna, but hbe felt the preso ence and just then the moon bnroke clear from behind a cloud and he saw the gbastly face dis tinctly. '" Myv God! How horrible!' he cried invol' otanly. and then. as the face disappeared a. mddenly as it came, he raight his ihat from the peg by the door and rushed out after it. Carl had been at Little Gulch only a short time, hut. even a tritling 'say -.a lunig ennugh to learn thr story of that ghastly appas iion. A miner's daughter had been cruelly mirdered here in the tulch years ago, and on everry gusty, moonlight night her face was seen at seme h',antsy wind,. anud here Carl paused in his hur rtci race, for he remembered the end of the tra titiso. " To se that face means death or trouble.' he rwhislenvd in the darmess. and then he gUrasyd his svtnrt stiek tilhter. "There's al ways troutble in thais waed" he muttered philo ,ophieally, ' and if it, w.amkor Kitty I shoual las b"-i deakt wa ." Si caught h aig-, e$ ddyi_.nf gus raised it tyeftyi from his hea?, an1 then seeing how foolish was his seareh in this shadowy dark. noess, turned slowly from the task he had onder taken and went back to his book in the little shanty. It was a copy of Foe that he was reading, snid ashepicket iti op gai~ he was amazed to rind that the page fhbere he bha stopped sosud ienly had tarn' empletely forn across the middle. He stard as it vacantly at lirst, but there it was, the ti?ailtiful rhythm of "Annabel Lee." tarn in a j.g~ed- line, as if by hasty fingers, and search a hvrebe would in the humble cabin the oltherhalf of the psge was nowhere to be found, Carl sat down with his barkt, the window and began to ferret the matter out. "It was bud enough for her to scare me half out of my senses," he soliloquised, "but to come in while I was searchi?,g the place over for her and tear my :ook is a little too mean for anything." He looked at the .injured volume ruefully and shook his head. " Not another to be found within a thousand miles, I'll wager," he muttered, bitterly, "and to think that ' Annabel Lee.' the per ttieat poem in the whole copy houtld be the one she chose to damag ! " And t.en hbe began thinking over the story of the maurderel maiden. She had been foully kil'ed by a jetloius lover, they said, and now no mnan at the little Guslclh hut dlreaded her acts of ghostly vengeance. I It was a romantic story in its way and the more he thought of it the more it came to him that ' Annabel Lee' was not so inappropriate after all, and might bring some comfort to this flitting spirit. Fur Carl sas. i ur, it was none other than the ghostly v:sitor at Lis window who had entered his cabin in hisatienee, and now. yet, there was another prFeenre at the easing, utl. for a moment hi Inond it ahbslut. ly impossible for him to ture arumuid and face it. But it was not necessary for him to look this time, for his visitors were each and all most tangible and moraover they'were eager to matse cr wn tltesilrpruce'?a 1" ". Carl sprar Isng to h't1?t~nin t'atzeamnt when salf dearen rongh-lad miners slonuchled thrugb :he door and stood in a throatening group hefort tim. He knew instandly why they had come, and then. carily 'anough, the warnling of the ensd girl's fate flshte.t ssudlesly upons him. "Too bad ahe couldn't have perped in at nme sooner," he multered beneath his breath. 'sfor then at least 1 could have had my weapon and ibeen ready for this gang of ruffians." "' You be a little surprised tow see we 'uns," the feremnct of his visitors said coarsely, as he' noticedt Carl's evident agitation. " You thought you'd hivered your tracks,you dog, an' that we -uz all so stoopil in the Guldch 'at we wouldn't find out you wuz a spotter." - Carl recovered himself instantly, hnd leaning back, now perfectly composed; placed his'elbow on the rudle pine mantel. " You are six to one, Mr.'Johnson," he said, coldly. " If you are not afraid of me, send your men outaide and we will have a word in l;rivate." The. moment his words escapod -his lips he was surpirsed at the constensation that he saw before him. In an instant it occurred to him that they, too. had seen 'the apparition, and were thoroughly frightened of the darkness. "There's no use ta'kin' to us to-night," the man Johnson said, with a preceplible shudder, " for we've seen the Spirit of the Gulch, an' one ant' all we've had nur warnin'." Then as if the courage of his crowd rested alone on prompt activity he drew a long black rope from his pocket and looped it over a con venient rafter. Carl Manning braced himself and looked the man squarely in the eye as he ftinihed his ominous contrivance. "Call me what you will." he said qusietly. " I cane outt'hre in the interests of the mine to lern exactly what you were doing. If you were honeaty ou woull notfear me,Lit iasyouare only a pack of tbeives'nnd murderers you trenmbl at my presence here and have brought your gang of six to one to shoo cuse down ter hang me." 'I hen he folded his arms and raisd his head and his voice rang out d.terminedlyL' "" Do your worst, you park of ravening wolves! I.ay your plaus to destr my my work plotyour hrave schemes to take my life--pre pare the noose, the rope, the knife, rhave every thing ready to add one emore inrder to your list, and then--then lay your hands upon me if you dare!'" And his eyes glared 'at then' savagely with the fury of an angry tiger. Hardlyhad his votre ceased to echo through the shanty when s.ne of the runfians sprang for. ward with a shout, and snatched his pistol frore the table. " He is unarmed! Take him by force!" h shouted, vrieously, snd the whole gang surged a blow felled the nearest brute to the floor. Then, juackt as be recovered himself for a secoond attack, his eyes were drawn irresistibly towardi the window, where once more the ghastly face of the girl peered.in upon the scene before hler. "Look there !" Carl whispered tragically, as he pointed toward the window. "There is the ghost of your muirdere'l girl ! How dare you think to slay another ?" - As if expecting and sdreading thin .very apparition, the men turned, almost with one accord, and glanced in' fear 'at the narmro window. There was a shriek from one, a curse from another, and, seeing his chance in that moment of horror. Carl sprang forward anid wrenched his pistol from the bleader hand. and for a arsec?d the vhbole place bellowed with the rapid emptying of its chrmbers. Springing over that jumbleof writhing forms. Carl hurriedly collected his papers, and then remembering, even in his dancer, the volume of poems, he snatched the book from the table. and shrust'it into his pocket. Then he picked his way carefully aeross the rocks, a few stray bullets keeping him ominous company, and by running always in the shadow was soon far sway from the-little shanty. " There is a train at eleven," he whispered to nimself,4 "that will soon take me east of the Miississippi," and then he stopped running, almost too suddenly, as another vision came swiftly upon him. " Kitty," he called tenderly ; " Kitty, dar ling, is it you, or am I still in the land 'of spirits ?" Without a sound the young girl hurried :oward him and threw herself into his out stretched arms. '"T'ake me with you," she said frantically. "Take me with you or they will hill tme too," and Carl, almost without a thought of wast he was doing, halt led, half carried her to the station. n \- A year later in their Eastern house Carl Manning and his- wife sat down for their after gimer chatting.. " le oil 'J om Johnson was not your father after all," Carl said over and over, as though he repetitiois of the words were something iore than ordinarily p!easaont. ' 'Thecn he took 'rs on his knee and his face" assn med a .hourhliful expression. " \ell, I am glad 1 did not kilthim anyiway," e said softly. " although the owner of the mrme ays I might just as well have done so for I rippled ewry man of them that evenini.". then m smniled more tenderly into her eye s as he added Sa ghter tone: " hut what I am sorry for, ittle one, is that I did not wait to solve the ysy, ry of that wom'an' face. for as I live, it was he that saved n:e !'" Without a word Kitty slid down from his knee ,,Ii hgan rslss-i'king 'is her box of treasores. '*Will this help y)ou to lay her ghost? ' sht said, oirrily, andl then she isnfoldel hi-for,. his .utoniihed e esa tihe half of his poem, " Annabel ,ve,"and tried to smooth out the jaggid ied es. 