THE TURF. Tlia S. A. J.C. committee at their meeting on Monday voted £3 each from the Distressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund to the jockeys H. Holmes and T. Barnes, who met with slight accidentsduring the recent meetings. A meeting of the Narridy Racing Club was held at Narridy last Saturday, Mr. M, A. Hickey presiding, when February 17 was fixed for the annual race meeting, and a programme of six events was drawn up. The Port Germeiu Racing Club hold their annual race meeting on Wednesday, February 3, when seven events will be contested, of which the most important is the Port Ger .mein Handicap, one mile and a half. Nomi nations are due with Mr. A. Cobb, the hon. sec., not later than to-morrow, January 13. In connection with the Meningie -races the steamer Milang will leave Milang for Meningie at 6.5 a.m. sharp on Thursday, January 14, returning from Meningie at 5.30 p.m. sharp. The Ferry case fizzled out on Monday after ' noon, when the stewards of the A.R.C. met to consider the evidence which had been taken before them on the previous Friday, the case having been referred back to them by the S. A. J.C. After a sitting lasting from 3 o'clock till past" 5 in the afternoon a decision was arrived at, of which the following is an official copy, handed to us _ by the secretary, Mr. Heseltine:—"Anniver sary Meeting, 1896. -Handicap Steeple chase. — Protest by John Pile, the owner of Confidence, against The _ Trojan, the winner, on the ground that the rider of Trojan struck Confidence over the nose during the race. Re-hearing:—Finding of stewards— ' It was decided to dismiss the protest, and as the' evidence in relation to the charge of mal practice against W. S. MoT, Ferry is of a con . fiicting nature to give the said W. S. MoT. Ferry the benefit of the doubt and dismiss the charge.'" Messrs. Barker Bros, draw attention to the fact of their sale to-day (Tuesday, 12th inst.,) of race horses, viz.—Oia, Orb, Hear Hear, The Ghost, Glowworm, and Lurline. The steapaer Damascus, which reached Mel bourne on Friday, conveyed to Victoria, for stud purposes, Grafton, an English colt, 3 years, by Galapin—Maid Marian. He was purchased at the sale of Baron deHirsch's stud by Mr. Bailey, for Mr, Agar Wynne, for .. 500 guineas, the late baron having, bought Grafton as a yearling for 800 guineas.. The horse is in charge, of- Frank Jordon, who took the.racing mares Emmalea and Acmena from Melbourne to England by the same vessel. We have received from Mr. Byron Moore the Victorian Racing-Calendar for January. 