THE DAY OF REST. A SERMON. Preached by the Rev. W. COOKE, Rector of All Saints' Church, Moonta. And He, when Ue is come, will convict the world in respect of rnn, and of righteousness, and of judgment; of sin, because they believe not on Me; of righteousness, because I go to tho Father, and ye behold Me no more; ot judgment, because the prince of this world hath been judged.—St John, svL 8—11 (R.Y.) In speaking of the judgment of Christ in a previous sermon I told you that it was a condemnation of the world's idea and practice of e righteousness, and that the purpose of Christ'B coming was to shake and sift the nations, beginning immediately with the Jewish people, who, with all their high privileges, had gone very far in the path of error and wrongdoing. Now we know how the Jewish nation treated Christ. They rejected His teachings, refused His warnings, and did not repent. They coudemned Him— the Church did it—and called in the political Roman power to put Him to death, and by that act crowned the national life with an indelible stain of hatred and dark crime. The night before the crucifixion Jesus told His disciples that after He had gone away from them His life and spirit Bhould continue among them. He promised to send to them the Spirit of Truth, who would -never leave them, but abide with thenj for ever. The work of the Spirit was to confirm and intensify Christ's condemnation of the world, and to gnide into the truth which He had spoken to them. As Christ's coming was an historic departure from the false life of mankind, and bis sinless examplo the faithful expression of the new life, so th Holy Spirit was the principle and power of that life in men. Here is a tattle royal to be fought out in this world between the natural and the supernatural, between good and evil, sin and holiness. It is not a fight between God and man. It mau does sometimes ugbt against God, God never fights against man. The warfare is not against man but against man's unrighteousness, falsity of life, and erroneous judgment of spiritual things. And as Christ struck at the roots of the evil tree, so the Spirit leads men to see that the root of it is Satan, the evil principle and personality of the universe, who has get his kingdom of darkness and disobedience against God's kingdom of light and righteousness and thrown into confosiou the lifer of humanity. That kingdom must fall, for " for this purpose was the Son of God manifested that He might destroy the trorks of the DeviL" Onr text sets forth the judgment on Satan, the doom of his government, and the moral victories the Spirit would win over the &orld; and its ain. How, then, does the Spirit carry on and execute the judgment which Christ pronounced in His day? Three things are mentioned in tbe text. The Spirit will convict men in respect of sin, righteousness, and judgment. The ground npon which He will convict the world of sin is because it did not believe in Christ. The ground upon which the conviction of righteousness proceeds is because Christ has gone to the Father. Thereby is demonstrated the righteousness of Christ before God and the world. It is based upon our Lord's resurrection and ascension, and is an emphatic accep- tance by God of His teachings. His life, and His work. And the conviction of judgments rests on the fact thatChriathaa overcome Satan. He has judged him and every organized power of evil and condemned them by practical righteousness. Henceforth all evil, all combinations of sinful power, are and must be under the condemnation of the Kingdom of the Spirit. m You will see, then, that this moral revolution is of no small dimensions. It aims at nothing less than the overthrow and destruction of the entire empire of wrong. We dream and hope, we sing and pray of a golden age— of a day when tbe wrongs of the world shall be put right, when love and peace shall be universal. Philosophers have speculated about the perfectability of human society and the reign of righteousness when only the Divine idea of character shall enter into individual practice. That day is the ideal of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ, and to the realization of that every purpose of God is directed. The Apostle St. Paul had caught the idea perfectly. He believed that Christ's Kingdom would conquer all evil when he wrote—"For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh ; (for the weapons of onr warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the putting down of strongholds;) casting down imaginations and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." We will take these three ideas separately to answer in more fulness the question—How the Spirit carries out and executes the judgment which Christ pronounced. Christ has passed away, but the Holy Ghost continues His work in the consciences and lives of men. 1\. He convicts of gin—because men do not believe in Christ. The battle begins with unbelief. The first point attacked is want of faith in Him whom God sent. This is the revelation of a marvellous troth— a truth very startling indeed to th Jewish mind—a new sin added to their already many transgressions; the sin of not believing in Him whom they had oondemned and crucified. He had been promised to them by God as their Deliverer; their prophets had foretold His Advent, His Kingdom, its power and glory. He had come, preached to them, lived a spotless life, done wonderful works in tbeir midst, healed their sick and their lame, given sight to the blind, cleansed the lepers, and raised the dead. Yet they bad rejected Him, despised Him and compassed His death. He had said plainly to them—" Ye are from beneath; I am from above; ye are of this world; I am not of this world. I said therefore onto you that ye shaL die in your sins, for if ye believe not that I am He ye shall die in your sins." And we know how St. Peter dwelt on this very thought in his sermon on the day of Pentecost, and how the Spirit bronght it home to tbe consciences of 3,000 people who repented of their unbelief and joined the Society of Jesus. This, indeed, is the Spirit's work of conviction. It is to bring men to understand Christ, what He is, and what he has come to this world for, and to bring men to a willing obedience of the truth. He taught that by their faith in Him they might enter the new kingdom of life. We ar taught by this that the basal idea of Christianity is Christ, and that faith in Him is necessary to a participation of the life He gives to men. To disbelieve Him, therefore, is a sin, inasmuch as it keeps us apart from Him, and turns our Kfe in its activities from the purposes of the incarnation. The work of the Holy Spirit is to convince us on this point first of all. The vital bond of God and goodness is Jesus Christ; and the true life flows only from such a relationship. The Holy Scriptures are very emphatic on this aspect of the doctrine of Christ. " For God sent not His Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through Him might be naved. He that believeth on Him is not condemned; but he that believeth not is condemned already, because be hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God." " He that belioveth on the Son hath everlasting life; and he that believeth not the ."ion shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." He is also set forth as the way to the Father, our peace, our example, and our hope, and His the only name given whereby we must be saved. Why, it may be asked, are men condemned for not believing in Jesus Christ? There are doubtless many reasons, but take the following;—1st. Christ in his incarnation is the revelation of God to man. Ho is God and man—the manifestation of eternal love and goodness. If we reject Him we reject God and God's help. 2nd. Ho is perfect man, without sin, without defect. He is the fulness of complete manhood. In Him we see what man ought to be in the sight of God. If we reject Him we reject the true type of life and continue in Bin and moral defection. 3rd. Man, by sin, has gone very far from original righteousness. Christ is the only man who has not rebelled against God, and God has appointed Him to be the way back to obedience and holiness. He is the way, the truth, and the life, and no man cometh onto the Father but by Him. If we reject Him we know of no way to heaven or to God. 4th. As He by His life and death has made atonement for our sins, and bss made the condition of salvation to be through faith in His blood, if we reject Him there remaineth no more sacrifice for sin. Ho is the only Saviour. Shall I add that He is also appointed to be our Judge? And as the ground of His judgment rests upon what He ha taught us, what He has done for us, and what He is, then you will see that to reject Him is to reject God's appointed standard of righteousness, and we thereby bring our souls under Divine and infallible condemnation. So sinned the Jews. T-hey did not believe in Chnst. He condemned their unbelief, and called it sin. The Spirit is sent to convict them of their sin—to press it unmistakably on the human conscience, and if they will repent to deliver them from its condemnation. He convicts also of righteousness, and i the ground of this conviction rests on the fact [ that the Christ has gone to the Father. As I the Jew was wrong in his idea of sin. so was • he wrone in his idea of his righteousness. The .Tew took the Pharisee as the embodiment of all that was righteous—formal he was, cere- : nionious, exact and punctilious in minor' matters, but it was mainly an outward obser- ; yance of religion* duties. The spiritual meaning of Moses' law was overlooked or disre- : garded. He had the form but not the power • of godliness. This Christ condemned as being I insufficient, and the Spirit would convince ' them of what righteousness really is. The ' tragedy of Good Friday saw the condemnation of the Son of God as a malefactor ! by the righteousness of his age. Tfce Holy ' Spirit entirely reversed this judgment on j the day of Pentecost, oondemned die judges of Christ as the real S that JesuB, whom theyJhad otaoifi^c to death wickedly. P« life waa a being approved of God._ :, ;He." One, not Buffered to see oorrt proof is that God the Father tea — , , from the dead and received hitn mto J^VM;? Of righteousness, because. I to tin} ~ and ye see me no more. _ The resUrreetoiiW ascension were the Divine justification, of that Christ was, said, did, and daimed^to b^T and the Divine condemnation 6f the the Bin, and wickedness of Hia mtirdei you read St. Peter's sermon on tbe Pentecost you will find that ha ,& vehemently on this aapeot el; truth, condemning the nation fot the judicial murder of Christ, anflv ibbwjag that the murdered One WM riMttamlftfidebded, and " that God hath made Him both Lord and Christ." The whole passage is a powerful appeal to their consciencea, setting forth theic national sin in a fearful light. We knbw «lso that thousands were smitten with remorse *n3 fear, and repented and were b&ptbed; i& tbe name of the Lord Jesus. This watt the first victory of the Spirit iti convictibg.men of the righteousneFB of Christ But this wfceouly "" beginning, the earnest of the progress TOT: kingdom of the Spirit. For the deblfttaiintaf the'Spirit is that the crucified one is jj&littd; of all throueh all ages, and the nghteouBMG* of His life shall live^ in^the wotH we are to judge of ourselves, of Sociefcvv '5 of the nations. That which falls short oE the standard is imperfect^ that , Whidt; opposes it is sin and rebellion. And tiieiYs Spirit's reproof appUes eqnidly- to inffi^S? " vidua], institutional, and. national conduct. There are three characteristics of this ;;* righteousness which may be mentioned bh^Sy v' e —they are thoroughness^ umvprsalilav permanence. •'•.. 1st. Thoroughness. Jesus ChHst .'i-psp^l content with nothing short of reality. Him-S self perfectly pure. He demands it." Ha "Bets! before us the perfect life, and urges unceasing y.r progress towards the perfection .pf-''43od. Right crinciples with accordant go together. Jesns fulfilled all rifflil iMiiijilBlttt*_. What He preached He praetiBed, »ttd Steigys^ to men "if ye know these thingB happy'ataye if ye do them." « v -,. ' "' ^ 2nd. This righteousness is also..to -ibi} universal. As sin is found universally inmab,« and as the benefits of redemption are Jor all,l so the demand for righteousness is made ' versally on man, in every part md msjavefy -: relationship of life—private and public, *^ ..; uiestic and social, commercial ana.*|»tinpjlj@! nations! and international. Not any £h&M; of human life is exempted from the detoanda ofS,! righteousness. He is the Lord, not only^of thei.2 individual, bnt of families, • comwwim<Ma,.f nations, "and the human race. And M all metT.\ . and nations should accent the SpiritVrtprodflfe in respeot of Christ's righteous character. »s3 they should practise it in all things algtfplftr times, few " grace reigns through ngfcteouBuasR; unto eternal life through Jesus CferiBt imr&i; Lord." Thero is nothing more hopeful ft»r tiie5% human race than the consideration that feet human life has been lived amo^-i^LI^-r has given power of indefinite improvanQiKfeM to man. God's ideal of humanity has realized in Christ, and He hisa left us Mi:;" example that we should follow^ in Hb atepe, which, if we do, we shall realize in prqgieeara stages a righteousness which is both perfect and permanent. 3rd. The Spirit convicts of judgment, because the Prince of this -world ia judged.. The third point is judgment against organized- ., evil. This is at once a broad and pmonnd r- judgment pronounced against the anpin^f . ^ evil. The condemnation of the devil rebellious activities is here set forth. OotF Lord said. "I beheld Satan fallen aa Kgbt- -. niug from heaven," and He gave His Apbetlai j authority overall the power of the enemy.'j We cannot be wrong in saying that has judged Satan, that judgment-toiU^nDbfi^ assuredly be executed, for the Planee of jiluB ; world cannot finally succeed against "Qfld-j The kingdom of evil is of gradual growth^ and, £ though from Christ's time not actua&jr.;^ destroyed, it is doomed to dissolution. In'f* kingdom of humanity Satan works ,o&|L free -will of men corrupted by bringing that free will into obedience * jhaj' 1 holds dominion in evil in the wotld. Mea t ' led oaptive by the devil at hia wiU- ^iiit''.^- Satan succeeds for a time -and enlarges his power over the human race goes without'4 tion, <4>ut though apparently successful < doomed to a pepetnal endeavour, and not to*'- real progress and .final victory. Unqyestion-j: ably righteousness will finally o^ertiome righteousness. May. we not safely efliraiithiijj the powef of the devil had reached greatest height in the days when Christ livad; among men—that tbe world saw the } manifestation of evil.with 1MlSgfcS$3eii£Si festation of good—Satan and consider that strange phenomenon-^e&iiaiiiaif; possession—we have evidenoe of mGteaabagf.-i Satanic power over men. But we know also jtait'e ^ Christ oast out many devils-wittw^eni i and thus magisterially asserted His sovereign ' sway over the world of fiendish pOTreCTTgjf What is this? A new teaching? authority He commandeth even the tmeluiii|£ spirits, and they obey Him." He ' 'fiaat puigga many devils, and He suffered not the d^vib toj? e speak, because they knew Him." And in'the great temptation in the wilderness'wbsn Satan employed his. tempting powers to-, seduce the Christ from Hisloyalty toG-odaod; truth, the Son of God vanquished him face face. And when a while aiter Satan findi willing subject entered into Jadas, «ioae with him, and our Lord was betrayed, demned, and crucified. From that time iwvu the devil's power was ethically braken. HeJ- -- could do no greater wrong than aocompli&li; £ the death of the Son of God. Dut the moment of his victory brought the ienteooe of jlnai: doom, for Christ, having overcome <de&thvsnd; : Hades, "and having spoiled principalitieeanS - powers, He made a show of them opealy^ft triumphing in Himself." And the virtMif i His conquering power was given to men 'wjitilii;' the spirit-life came down upon them ontita^ day of Pentecost; and the new 'kingdom .is destined to grow, and finally diesoltw «nfl destroy the combined foroes of the iPrinoe of this world. Of this great truth also the I _ conviction. The kingdom of evil must TOrisfi jv the power of its leader over man be molten, is broken: for it is only by their own freeaact; and deed that men serve the devil. .He lB .nat; their rightful master. They make him. snob e by rejection of Christ and' a wilful following;; ? of tbe wrong. Deliverance from him aadjna ^ dominion is given try faith in Jesus Chnst;>:5i|i and by the practice of righteousness. Every;; ;.i such turning to the Saviour |B a weakening aad~j dissolving of the j>ower of the devil, »and„ by such conquests is the reign of rigkbaq ness to be brought in and the eme of evil pass away. Let _ue lay f truth to heart in our wcrk^in the Ghurdh^? and in the world, and it will saw from despair. We. know that are in the presence, not of men .fc^MI ments of evil, bnt of .» huge growth of 'niafc - sive wrong—wrong which is Organized, jaw * ... sballed, and moved forward by princip^itieasS! and powers, and demon leadem who aJB^fS filled with all hatred, malice, and evil designfe't -f against men. We know that much «vir:'Sj»!f® entered into our individual life, our spoil systems, our class distinctions and our political warfares, our commercial industries, our business transactions, our "nonr'j-' ' Christly systems of education; and even our' : Church work iB not always free from worldly V and hurtful combination^, and the day 1 seems far distant when goodness shall W ; universal and wickedness dethroned. 15et,'' believing the word of Christ, we look ; forward to the day of the Lord and His King- | dom of Righteousness. Satan ib judged, the power of bis rebellion is broken, and- his king^;Jvi:i dom of darkness as certainly doomed to-8eS£$L struction as that the new Kingdom of Spirit is destined to bring in the reign of tihi&gM; lasting righteousness. This is our faith andV-'|? hope. We believe in and labour for the final-f triumph of goodness. Every member oif Kingdom of Christ is pledged to renounce the K' devil and all his works, and as a true soldier ., and servant of his Lord he is to fight raanfully^^ against sin, the world, and the, devil. : Hei knows that to get rid of personal avil ia the primary idea of Christianity, for the individual; : , must be pure and strong, but to rid th6 woiid' of organized evil he believes is tbe ultfinlite"f> : aim .of the gospel of the Spirit, a^ m has joined himself to the organized fomaes oE-flj, goodness—the Church of Christ—that he jnatr do battle in the army of God. For fchrc^^ ¥ whom does the Spirit work bnt throogh tfaoaaf--; who have accepted His reproof of tan; " righteousness, and judgment? They -only ham arraigned themselves on the aide of Cta^Sel and left the rankB of organized spintual ^e-ij.f bellion. and of them three things are reqinreflr^T s for ultimate triumph. There must be lqydty ' .; to Christ, faith in Him, and fidelity to. HS^fC 1 purposes; there must be also stern Chriet3aa -> character. Only righteousness ean overcpnie T unrighteousness; and, lastly, there must be"' unflinching and untiring servioe. "Put on - the whole armour of God that ye may be able , to stand against the wiles of the deviL For : ye wrestle not against . flesh and - blood,f but against principalities, against powers,' r- affainst the rulers of the darkness' ot. this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the..;, whole armour of God that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all...' to stand. " When men for whom Chnst has.*' foutrht take this stand by the side of the :• captain of their salvation, and fight against •'; evil as He fought, Satan and his power will be bound in chains, and reserved unto everlasting - ' darkness, and tho Kingdom of God will "be \ victorious and the prophecy of Daniel ' will be fulfilled—"I saw in the night ;. visions and behold one like the Son of Man came with the clouds of heaven. _ and came to the Ancient of days, and ^ they brought Him near before Him. And ' there was given Him dominion and glory; and V a kingdom that ail people, nations, _ and - ^ languages should serve Himc His dominion , ia an everlasting dominion which AaH nofc ? pass sway, .and His kingdom that wind* ehfiU "S^g not be destroyed." Ametu 