DAT OF BEST. THE PURIFYING POWER OF FAITH. IBy Rev. F. B. Meyer, B.A.1 • , And -when theie bad been much disputing, Peter r°so op and said onto them: Men ana brethren, ye know how, that a good efaileago Odd made choice *moogaa, that the Gentiles by my mouth shoul-i ; sew the word of the Gospel and believe. And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as He did nnto us, and pnt no difference between ns and them, purifying ttielr hearts by faith.—Acts xv. 7-9. We have certain processes here indicated. , 6 hearing of the word of the Gospel, wmoh leadB, in the second place, to believing; nr0?' %lrdly. giving of the witness of the JaLoly. Ghost to the believing heart; and, in the fourth place, the oloanBing of the heart through faith. First,' we hear; then we believe; then we have God's witness to the reality or our faith; and then fourthly, that faith leads to purityof heart. Now, this was Peter's description of the ■ j^sntues. We might verify it by turning to ins first epistle. In the fourth chapter, at the third verse, he sayss—"The time past of our Jk suffice us to have wrought the will of the GontileB, when we walked in laacivious ness, lusts, excess of wine, revelling*, banfjuet ings, and abominable idolatries, wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excesB of riot,' speaking evil of you." The word "lasciviousncss" there indioatcs v-i ''P03'^011' °f man towards impurity, whilst "Justs"and the like refer probably to the outbreak of those evil dispositions in the manifestation of aot. I am pretty sure that I am speaking to some who are extremely anxious to know God's secret of the cleansed heart. I want yon to understand that what is impossible to you and mo, by our own natural resolution, will come to us just as soon as we 2earn God's faith—" purifying their hearts by faith. i ou will never got the cleansed heart until you learn the moaning of faith, in con nection not only with justification, but in connection with sanctifi cation. "Blessed ?'•? ° heart, for they shall sea God." We all desire to have the white flowor of a ' blameless, stainless life; and this, as I sav, I can only come in proportion as we exercise faith. 1 Now, will you- turn for a moment to Hebrews, 11th chapter, 1st verse, and see j faith _ is? Wo have there a double definition given of it. First, it is the assur ance of, and_ gives substance to, things hoped for. It brings the future into our life. Secondly, it is tho evidence of things not seen. It makes the future and the unseen real. Ijaith, therefore, has tho marvellous powor of lifting us out of the present and the seen into fjh® presence of the future and the unseen. A nam doing this it purifies, it cleanses the heart; for, as you know, what is perpetually dragging us down is the present and the seen, the power of materialism, and the ATTRACTION OF THE SENSES of our physical nature. If wo could only live in the spiritual, in tho iutransient, in tho im perishable, in the eternal world, do you not soe how, as that streamed into our inner life wo should find it impossible to l>o brought beneath tho tyranny of what is lustful, and passionate, and worldly? Ob, that day by day wo could live in tho midst of this world us those whose bodies, indeed, ore here, but whoso spirits arc perpetually bathed in the unseen and eternal. But Faith does more than make tho unseen and immortal real to us. Faith, my brothers, as the Word of God gives it to us, is not simply the acceptance of curtain propositions; it is tho personal adherence to the living Christ. If you turn for a moment to the Jtpistle to the Romans you will find one of tho doepest explanations in the Bible of how faith cleanses tho heart. It is in chapter v. verse 10, A(or if, when wo were onoinies, we were reconciled to God by the death of His Son much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by llis life." That is a word which lives with mo. I am saved, by faith, in His death, from the guilt of sin; hut 1 am also saved, by His bfo, from tho power of sin. If we desire, as wo do, to bo cleansed from indwelling sin from desire after sin, so that wo shall desire what is good as much as wo now desire what is evil, it will only be in proportion as tho life of the glorified Jesus is perpetually flowing into our nature try the portal of faith. "Saved by His bfo —that is. saved by tho life of Jesus streaming out of Jesus into our hearts. Now, 1 want you to understand that our umtfn by faith with our risen and glorified Jjord is not tho relation of a child to its mother, but the relation of tho limb to the body, and of tho branch to the treo. In early infancy tHo littlo child clings to its mother, feeding at her breast, being dandled upon her kiioo, and not able to stir a stop apart from her. But, as tho years go on, tho child becomes able to walk alone, to run by itself, and it runs furthor and further afield, until the little organism that depended for i ©very throb of life upon itia close connection \ with and continuity £c> its mother is now able to travel to tho Antipodes in perfect inde pendence. --That, my friends, is not the true tvpo of our relation to tho Lord Jesus Christ. But, on tho other hand, take a graft and splice it into a stalk of a wild apple tree. The connection at first between tho now graft and the old trunk may bo a very slight one; but, in contrast to the connection of tho child with its mother, every hour, every week, every month that the two remain in con tiguity, they bcoomo more closely connected, and instead of the graft attaining to an indc peudout life it is always more dependent, and tho life which is in the tree is always passing up into the graft and identifying that graft moro closely with itself, so that it isJone plant. That is tho true conception of our union with Jesus Christ. V/o were taken out of some wild graft. Opposed to the usual idea of grafting, wo were taken out of a wild graft and were put into tho living Christ, into, as it wore, the wounds of Christ. YVo were grafted into His wounds, in His passion and death; and now tho I if© of tho jrlorifiod and unsoon Jesus is perpetualjy pouring into our heart; and, as it does o, it changes entirely our dis position r.nd oar yearnings, so that instead of the laseiviousness which used to desire sin, wo have tho purity of heart which shrinks from sin as wo would from an ill odour coming up from some grating over which wo are passing in the street. You may think that that is impossible. You perhaps feel tho tendency of your nature so strong towards impurity "now that it is almost inconceivable for you to suppose that a time will ever come in your life when you will loatho the thought of it. But this shall be to you. Altogether contrary to nature and to disposition and to probability, this shall come to you, that you shall as much hate impurity, and tho very thought of it as you are now attracted to it. That which seems to you to bo an utter impos sibility shall come to vou; that vou shall li yo in tho midst of men as thoiurh clothed in a garment of fire, through which impure thoughts will uot bo able to enter into your nature. And this can come to-day to you, if yon will learn the meaning of my text, that tho heart is cleansed by faith, because faith unites tho heart to Christ, whoso holinoss begins to stream into tho sou] and possess it, and to garrison it against the powor of evil. George Vox said that bo once had a dream, and that ho saw a sea of ink, black and forbidding, but that presently, the morning broke on the far horizon, and he saw beyond a sea of light that swept into the sea of ink and swept it away for ever. Now, that is the tide of the life of Jesus Christ coming into the hearts that are represented before ms, and which from this day shall become cleansed by faith. The moit impossible of all Is that I e'er from aln ahould cease. Yet, shall it be? -1 know it shall; Jesus, I look to Thy faithfulness; Since nothing 1b too hard for Thee All things are possible to ma Let me ask you, beforo I pass on, Is this the relation of your Soul to Jesus, the whole nature open to Him by faith, receiving His life moment by moment from Him into your heart? Y ou tell mo that that has been your attitude for some time, but that, in point of fact you do not find that it produces the cleansed heart that you have been accustomed to hope for? Here you will allow me to introduce to you a book which this week 1 have been reading again. It is a book that I would commend to you all, the "Confes sions of Augustine." St. Augustine, whose face you are familiar with in the well-known painting that depicts his mother and himself sitting side by sjde, with upturned faces towards the great light, was in liis earlier life one of the most polluted of men. There was no conooivable sin in his native town into which Augustine did not plunge with gusto; and he became dyed, therefore, with the filth of the world of that time. He ulti mately came into contact with Christian teachers, and was convinced of tho truth of _ Christianity; but he did not find deliverance; and, although he recognised Christ and even prayed to Christ, he was per Eotually plunged back into the sea of which I a ve spoken. Finally, however, he discovered that his will was infirm, not sound, and that, in his heart of hearts, he waB not oager to be delivered from the power of pollution; and there ensued a marvellous struggle, which was ooutinued apparently over weeks aud months. He was, on the one band, longing to be holy and olean; but, on the other, not willing or able to pay the price of never doing again the things to which ho had become so habituated. It seemed as if he could not bring himself to consider the possi bility of living a life clear of those thoughts and thoso acts. Ho describes very minutely tho steps by which he was led, and that is why the book is of such immense interest. He tolls of tho testimonies of cer tain men which came to him and told hinl bow others wore living, of his reflections on the evil that he was bringing into tho lives of those with whom ho sinned, and of the prayers of his mother. Ultimately, he goes into the garden of his friend Alypius, and there is a conflict. Shall ho for ever break from these tilings? Shall he lot them go? He throws himself upon the ground; he walks to and fro in agony. "Can I livo free of these things which have so entirely laid their tenacious tentacles around mo, like some octopus?" Aud then a voice is heard, as of some chil dren playing, saying, " Tolle et leye"—Take and read. He thought it must mean that ho was to take up tho copy of the New Testament which was lying at his side, aud he went to it, and took it up, and it opened at words which I should iike to leave as my olosing message to you. They are in tho 13tn ohaptorof liomans, tho ISth verse—"Let us walk honestly, as in the day, not in revolting and drunkenness, not in chambering ana wantonness, not in strife aud jealousy; but put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh to fulfil the lusts thereof." Do not expect to sin. Do not think that it is necessary to prepare for sin, or for tho indulgence of passion. " Make no provision for tho flesh to fulfil the lusts thereof." And he closed tho book, and said—"From to-day I absolutely divest myself -of all thought of ever again yielding to that which has been my bane; and from this moment I do assume and put on tho Lord Jesus Christ in all His purity and holiness, to be tho mautlo of rny soul." Think of Jesus Christ being brought into everything. Augustine told Alypius, his friend, who was deeply moved by the recital; and then the two went to Monica, Augustine's mother, wiio had been long praying for this, and Augustine says that from that time in all his waking moments he had never again tho least temptation towards tho sins which had ' so hurt and cursed him. Ho says that, after wards, in his dreams, tho images of tho past came back to bun; but from this also he sought perfect doliveranco, and realized that in his vorydroams his thoughts ran in a pure channel. This was tho man who bocame, as you know, not only a most holy saint, but the founder of the Church in Hippo, and tliB Jiishop of that region of Asia Minor, and exercised a wide influence. Now I have told you that story, and I do not at all sen why lioro and now thoro should not lie a faith which is tho offspring of a firm purpose. You cannot uttorly believe until you have utterly surrendered. There must be an entire willingness to be saved beforo you can trust for entire salvation. Jfyoudo not find Jesus saving you, it is because you do not trust him fully; and if you do not trust Dim fully it is bocauso you are not entirely willing to be saved. Understand that. J t comes back to that. It is of no use laying the binmo on Christ. Tho blame is on your own infirm will. You are not prepared to be delivered from evil thoughts in which you have indulged. You aro not prepared to lose all tasto for tho stories and books which you have lightly looked upon. You may have been thinking up till now that you can bo a Christian, and still, now and again, indulge in things which you would be ashamed to liavo spoken of beforo tho world of men. Hut there must come a time in your life when, once and for over, you stand beforo God and deelaro your desire through and through to bo cleansed at any cost to the flesh. Directly yen do that, yon will find that a mighty faith will spring up, which can tako in the whole of the risen Christ; and, as soon aa that eouios to your lifo, tho Lord .Jesus Christ will cleanse your heart through faith. Oh, may G-od explain this great mystery to you; justified by faith, cloansod by faith, sealed through faith, and receiving from God nil His best gifts through a faith which is based on consecration. 