PRAYER AND THANKSGIVING. The following document, surmounted by the Royal, Arms, has been received by the Governor from' the Secretary of State for the Colonies :— 'At tho Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 30th day of March, 1897. By the Lords of her Maiestv's Most Honorable Privy Council. Present— Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord President, Bishop of London, Lord Balfour of Burleigh. 'It js this day ordered by their lordships that 'his Grace the Lord Archbishop of Can terbii^y' do prepare a special form ot prayer and thanksgiving to Almighty God for the prote6tion afforded to the Queen's Majesty during CO years of her auspicious reign, and that such form of prayer and of thanksgiving be used in all churches ,and chapels in Eng land and Wales, and in the town of Berwick upon-Tweed, on Sunday, the 20th day of June next. And it is hereby further ordered that her Majesty's printer do forthwith print a competent number of copies of the said form of prayer and of thanksgiving, that the same may be forthwith sent round, and read in the several churches and chapels of England aud Wales and in the town of lierwickupon Tweed.— C. L. Peel.' The form as prepared by the Archbishop of Canterbury is as follows :— The service shall be the 6amo with the usual office for Sundu}rs in all things; except where itjs in this office otherwise appointed. Morniug or evening prayer shall begin with ttiis sentence — I exhort that first of all supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men ; for king* aud for all that are in authority ; that we may lead a quiet j aud peaceful life in all godliness and honesty ; for this is good and acceptable unto God our Saviour.— 1 Tim. ii. 1, 2, 3. Proper Psalms xx., ci., exxi. Proper Lessons. The first, Joshua i. to v. 10, or Proverbs viii. to v. 17. The second, Rom. xiii. to v. 11, or Rev. xxi. 22— xxii. 4. The suffrages next after tho creed shall stand thus:— Priest— O Lord, shew Thy mercy upon us. Answer— And grant us Thy salvation. Priest — O Lord gave the Queen ; . Answer — Who putteth her trust in Thee. Priest — Send her help from Thy holy place. Answer— And evermore mightily 'defend her. Priest- Let nor enemies have no advantage of her. Answer — Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. j Priest— Endue Thy ministers with righteous ! uoss. j Answer— And make Thy chosen people joy ; ful Priest — O Lord, save Thy people. Answer— And bless Thine inheritance. Priest— Give pence, in bur time, O Lord. Answer— Because there ia none other that fichteth for us. but onlv Thou. O God. Priest— Be unto us, 6 Lord, a strong tower. Answer— From the faco of our enemies. Priest— O Lord, hear our prayer ; Answer— And let our cry come unto Thee. After the first collect, at morning or evening prayer, shall be used the following collect :— O God, which providest for Thy people by Thy power, and rulest over them in love, grant unto Thy 6ervant our Queen the spirit of wisdom and government, that being devoted unto Theo with all her heart, she may so wisely govern this kingdom, that in her time the Church may be iu safety and Christian devotion may continue in peace ; that so, persevering in good works unto the end, she may by Thy guidance come to Thine everlasting Kingdom, through Jesus Christ Thy Son our Lord, who liveth and rcigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost ever one God, world without end. Amen. If tho Litany be sung or said, these prayers shall follow immediately after tho prayer, 'We humbly beseech Thee,' and if the Litany be not sung or said, then these prayers shall be said instead of the prayers for the Queen and for the Royal Family at matins or evensong. O Lord our God, who upholdest and govoruest all.things by the word of Thy power, receive our humble prayers for our Sovereign, Lady Victoria (as on this day) set over us by Thy grace and providence to be our Queen ; and, together with her, bless, we beseech Thee, Albert Edward Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal family ; that they all, ever trusting in Thy goodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned with Thy graciouB and endless favor, may continue before Thee in health, peace, joy, and honor, and may live long and happy lives upon earth, and after death obtain everlasting life and glory by the mBt'ita.»nd ..mediation of Christ JesuB.-JBOrti Saviour, who Fith Ttieo.ttnd lho,Soly ^lifi&j; liveth and reigneth ever one God, world wSjft-J out end. Amen. ?_; {i ': : :??'-, '' ,:?-? ?: . ? : ???gvfel' Almighty God, who rulest over a11tnB?3HKf doms of the world, and dieposest of ilfoTn | according to Thy good pleasure ; wo- yield I Thee unfeigned thanks, for that Thou wast pleased (as on this day) to place Thy Servant our Sovereign Lady, Queeu Victoria, -upon the throne of this realm. Let Thy wisdo'm be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her ; let just ice,, truth, and holiness, let mace and love, flourish in her days. Direct all her counsth and endeavors to Thy- glory, and. the welfare of her people, f and give us grace to obey her cheerfully for ? conscience sako. Let her always possess the hearts of her people ; let her reign be long and prosperous, aud crown her with immortality in the life to come ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. A PB^TBH FOll UMITT. O God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, our only Saviour, the-Priuce of Peace, give us grace seriously to lay to heart the great-dangers we are in by our uuhappy divisions. Take avray all hatred- and prejudice, aud whatso ever else may hinder us from godly union and concord ; that, -as there is but one Body, and one Spirit, and one Hope of our calling, one Lord, one Faith; one Baptism, one God and Father of us all, -so we may henceforth be all of one heart and of one sou), united in cue Holy Bond of Truth and Peace, of Faith aud Charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. In ' the communion service, instead of the collect for the Queen, the collect ' O God, which providest' shall be said after the collect for the day. The Epistle— 1 St. Peter ii., 11. Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts which war against the soul, having your conversation honest among the Gentiles, that whereas they speak against you as evildoers they may by your, good works which they shall behold glonfy God in the day of visitation. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the i Lord's sake, whether it be to the King as j supreme or unto governors, as unto them that 1 aro sent by him lor the punishment of evil doers and for the praise of them that do well. For so is the will of God, that with well- doing yc may put to silenoe the ignorance of foolish men, as free and not using your liberty tor a clonk of maliciousness, but as the servants of God. Honor all men* Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the King. The Gospel.— St. Matthew xxji , 10. And {hey sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that Thou .art true and toachest the way of God in truth, lwither-careatThouforany man, for Thou regard est not the p0son of men. Te!l us therefore n'hat tliiuk-est Thou? Is it lawful to Rive tribute unto Csjsaror not? But Jesus perceived-their wickedness and said, why tempt ye Me, yo hypocrites? Show A3 e the tribute-money. ? And they brought unto Him a penny. And He saith unto them, whose is this image and superscription? They say unto Him Csesar's. Then saith He unto them, render therefore unto Cassar the things which are Ciesar'e. and -unto God the tilings that are God's. When they had heard these words they marvelled and left Him and went their way. Thanksgiving to be said immediately after the general thanksgiving. O Lord, our -heavenly Father, we give Thee hearty thauks for the many blessings which Thou hast bestowed upon us during the 00 years of the happy reign of our gracious Queen _ Victoria. Wo thank Thee for progress made in knowledge of Thy marvellous works, for increase of. comfort given to human life, for kindlier feeling between rich aud poor, for wonderful preaching of the Gospel to mauy nations, and we pray Thee that these and all other Thy gifts may be long continued to us and to our Queen, to the giory of Thy Holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. 