strahqe spirit rappihgs. STORY OF A FEN GHOST. In Tit-; 1-Vii— :io wu mid Jn tint "1'trlur- hnnuiffli Ailvpi-lliu'r"— 11 IHtmspy iiuikIh- 1 rnit! litis st fjinn, ui | In I'xuvmliy nl which, J'sir nwsiy rrmn tiny uilici htiihl- liik's, live a hofsi'ivccjipr naincil ltaw- 1 11:111, ids wife, jitiiid n iH'd-i'iiUlcn ilnuj»h- iiT. Tlic ciil liiffi! is a lypicnl n.'N slianly nl' wiiuii itnti tliatch. tinil mljoiiilnn it is :i siniiiai icmniipiit, mamiiieil Ity t 1m- I'aitit raremati, l.cvlll .ami . iiih wire. Miss llowlhan. wlio is t-'lirlitucn yoaps nt aye. attd litis hcun conllncd lo her lit'tl I'or iiiMfly iwclva months, Klnpt in it iipiai neap t In (hatch, hep licdstontl rest- hiff aptlnsi the jmhic-eml of the t-oof. On Monday wccU, at inldnlfflil. Koiitlu nippitms tiKuliisl Imp hud wttro Imnrtl, and as Urn walls arc wooden ihe noise was more appapcni. Al first ihc sounds came lit sequences ol' ilitvc nml lour, Inei't'dHlii),' to six and seven nt a time, nnd Krowiiiff londep as tlie.v ppoceedetl. Then fhey eeasetl for a space, ami rceninmeneed mote viopoina i.v, mil II limy were Ijeard hy I lie nexl- tho.f iieiirlihors—uccordiiiK lo one n>- port, at a iliii'iulionse 0(111 yards olT. Tim mother and Huhcr, ut rest in tilt same room, were also alarmod, liut for 11 time did nothlnjr, (Idnkiuj; the nmnlfesla- IhiliM wouhl cease. These Inslead In- creased until the "gliosis," as If angered al Ileitis |Nioh-|)ooiieil, ticeame so noisy as utmost to threaten a. terrific crash. Xolhlu was In he semi, tiioimh it was clear and siarlllti. and the disturb- aitces cmillnaeii lo rliir out across the fens. The mppUms recurred ut Intervals 11111II lite advent of down %seemed lo drive ihc iniillclous "spirits" before 11, I Hi Ihe following nlfxhl. Ihoimh al a dif- fei'ciil liine, a ifpciiihiii of lim (theiio- nieiui occurred. Meanwhile the Inmates, who had suf fered Ihe mysterious affair In sileime, had determined upon derisive action. 1 >11 Hie third nlffhl Ihe hi I InT.tahlujr a loaded yxuii. went outside tint Imiltliiiff, Imi ihe tiipphms aaainsi the aaldc were renewctl more vigorously Uiau ever, Search parries were organised, hat i'Very una remalimd hnlllcd. Tint couutiyshie heffnii lo talk of ihe mys tery. and wnich parlies assembled in the coiiaat's until iiioriiliij;. Xo timid itimisi was lids, for tin pulsations con tinued whilst e.ves were tiNrd oil Die very spot upuii which the in visible blows were ffiven. Tin landlord's estHte Inllin'. loffeliter with a eompaition, loot; patos lo keep vlffil In Hie "haunled house" i'rolil mhlulffht (IN llll'i'e. 'Hie noises wen repealed whh Hie jH'cntesi fri'iTiotn. lie drove hack to Ifamsey al iiiree In the moruimr, adniltllim llmi he was bullied even in Hie cleverest of the Iheories la1 had in ds own mind con jured up to account for the mystery, lluudrcdKof people Imve vidua! lite pl.ice. and solicitors, merchants, farmers and others. from Dm sumuutdiim dis trict Imve made crlrlenl extnnltmiloii uf Hie house. The yli'l has heen removed ittio the itdjtdnlin; house, where Die rap- plnffsarc nut s<! audible nor so fiiapieut. 