The Wilfulness of Winnie. \- By E. Morrice (E. C. Charles). . CHAPTER II. v Winnie nibbled the scone, and when the b< "had heaped up some, leaves and dry. grass undi . tho overhanging branches of the old woolly-bu she lay down, nestling closely to her companio: and for a while was so quiet that he thought si had fallen asleep. He was just dozing off himse when Winnie sat up suddenly and whispered: "Alick! You're sure there are np snakes?" "Not yet, Winnie; it is too cold for them." "And," continued the little girl, hesitating!] "of course-it's all nonsense about ghosts." "Of course; father says there aren't such things. "But-Alick-you kmjw-Fisher's ghost?" "Oh, that was ever so long agc," replied Alick aud Winnie^ seemed to 'regard thia argument a quRe conclusive, an'd lay down agaih. But pre sentry she whispered once'more: "Alick!" "Well?" asked her playmate, drowsily. "I haven't said my prayers." " "Better say them now," murmured Alick, fas drifting on the borders of dreamland. "You must say them, too," insisted Winnie; am so the two waifs knelt down together and repeatei their evening prayer, looking up at the stars whicl gleamed far above^them. Winnie ad'ded a specia petition that they might soon be found and takei ,liome out of the "horrid old scrub," and then the] lay down again with a greater senee of security But after a while the girl began ta shiver anc complain of cold,; for she had only a print dress, and the nights of early spring were cold in the Jalgh lands where the children lived. "I'm so cold," she murmured, piteously. "You shall have my coat," replied the boy, tak ing off his tweed Norfolk jacket, and slipping it ÓVOÍ Winnie. - "But you'll be cold yourself," she said as she thrust her arms into the Ton g sleeveh that hung right over her hands, c. - - "Oh, I'm all right," answered Alick. "Boys must learn to rough it, you know; it's different ¡with girls." * .Winnie was too wjeary and miserable to argue the point, as she would otherwise have done, aud, feel ing warm and comfortable, she soon fell asleep, jwhile her companion) remained wakeful, shivering, .without his coat, as the fresh night air swept through the bushes, and troubled in his mind- about (tho chances of being.found that night by the raaarch rparty, who, he felt certain, must be out after Winnie and himself. He regretted bitterly having yielded .to Winnie's wilfulness. He was always giving way .to her wishes, and' nearly always getting ,iuto some scrape or'other through doing sp. Alick had a strong sense of duty, and was a bravo and useful (boy; but his almost glrlidi- tenderness towards those Sie loved often made him shrink from giving them even transient pain, and his father used to say, as an example of Allele's weakness in this respect, that no dog belonging'to the boy was ever any ¡good, as he could not bring himseir to paniUi him When he was disobedient. Thus it was with Winnie; Alick was greatly at tached to his little playmate, and could never resist either her toara or entrectties, and the little witch, twho was uaturaliy self-willed and rendered still (more so by the indulgence of those around her, knew her power over her big playmate, and exer-. cised it ou every occasion. Many w.erer the mis adventures into which Winnie's wilfulness and 'Alick's want of determination had led the two com iradee, but this was the most serious one that had yet ¡befallen them; and Alick wondered anxiously how it would end, and what Winnie's parents and hi father Would say to this fresh evidence of his un fitness ..to he the little girl'* protector and guardian. .Mrs. Forster had once said in Alick's hearing "I know I can trust Winnie with Alick; I.am sun he would die before he would let any harm bsfal hor, but the oriiy danger for them both lies in W( want of firmne^?wher^::.há*^-wisbj^;'<ar0r. concernid.'' .'These words carno 'bacit tb Aliick, and he wisliec he had shown inoro Aramara, in opposing Winnie'! wishes this time; had he done so, they would boll ba finishing their comíorboble ©vening meal in th< easy dlningrroom at Boronia, instead' of lying ou under a tree, cold and hungry; with' the terrible feel ing of being "Jost in the bush." Listening anxiously for sounds of human voicer he sometimes fancied he -could hear distant calls anc enies, but they only proved to-be-the monotonoui cry of the mopoke, or the eerie wall of curlews and once what made hts blood run cold, the lonj drawn diemal howl of a distant dingo. Then £ [great terror took possession of the boy;, the ter ror of tho lonely bush, the feeling of utter solitude (the fear that he might never be able to find hU way back again, ¡that he and Winnie might never bi found, and that when daylight came they mdghl wander on deeper into the wilderness, and perisl at last of hunger and thirst. It waa horrible tc Ile still, picturing all sorts of dreadful possibilities, and he felt tempted to wake his little companioij just to hear her voice and have some one to speak to¡ but he had not the heurt to disturb her as ehe was sleeping so peacefully, and he knew ehe would ba gin to cry and fret whon she found herself In the scrub instead of in her soft, warm bed. I Then Alick's thoughts wandered to his own home, to his strict father, who would doubtless ba angry if he heard of ibis adventure, and would perhapa never allow his son to stay at Boronia again. Mr. Raeburn WPS always annoyed at Alick's want of resolution every time Winnie led him into mischief I and used to say that the girl was Alick's "evil genius." Allok hoped he would not be punished by banishment from Boronia, and, pondering over this and other contingencies, ho gradually fell asleep, and forgot his 'roubles for a while. It seemed to tho boy as If he had only been asleep a few minutes when a light flashed across his eyes and a cheery voice cried, "Here they are, the stragglers." And starting up half dazed with sleep he saw Winnie's father and her brother, ac companied by some mien carrying lanterns, sand ing round him! "Wake up, Winnie," said Mr. Forster, bending over his little daughter, who was still sleeping soundly; "wake up, I have come to take you horne." ." "What's tho matter?" asked Winnie, crossly, as she sat up and blinked her eyes, dazzled by the light of the'lantern's; "it ie not time to get up yet, is it?" "Why, darling, you are half asleep," said her father. "Come, wake up, and we'll get home quick ly. Poor mother is nearly distracted with anxiety for her little girl." " Winnie staggered to her feat, a ' funny little ugure with her tumbled black hair full of dry leaves and twigs, and Alick's coat nearly reaching to her feet. Geoffry bursit out laughing at her appearance. "I say, Win, what a sight you are," he shouted. Winnie reddened with annoyance, and, shaking off her drowsiness, she looked down at the long jacket and began fumbling at the buttons. "Please, father, take it off," she said. "Alick made me put it on because I was so cold." . "It was good of you to give my little girl your coat," said Mr. Forster as. he took Alick's coat" from Winnie and wrapped her in a warm'cloak, which he had brought with him. "But," he ad ded, gravely, "it was very wrong of you to take hei* away into the scrub so late, and if we hadn't found you Winnie might have perished of cold and hunger." Alick looked guilty and sad, and made no reply, but Winnie spoke up for him. "Please don't blame Alick; it was all my fault," she said, with the confidence of one who knows that her fault would be easily forgiven. "I would go and see the magpie's nest, and he tried ever so hard to get me to walt till to-morrow, but I wouldn't, and I made him take me, so there." "I thought as much," said Geoffry, who was two years older than Alick, and thought himself quite a man. "Winnie can do whait she likes with Alick; he's such a softy!" "Alick isn't a 'softy;' you shan't call him names," said Winnie passionately. .'Hush, children; don't quarrel," said Mr. For ster. "Let "us ' return h»me as fast we can; mother, is in great trouble. Come, Winnie; I'm going to carry you till we get out of this scrub." "Oh, father, that will make you too tired." "Tired! carrying such a mite as you. Wlhy you're as light as a feather," replied Mr. Forster, laughing, and he picked up the little girl like a baby and followed the men who were leading the way with the lanterns, while Geoffry and Alick walked beside him. The moon was just rising bo^ hind the trees, and a pale, silvery brightness began to steal through the wilderness of low brushwood and towering trees. (To be continued.) 