Federal Convention. THE CATHOLIC MEMBERS. A statement of the religions professed by the various representatives of the his torical assemblage now assembled in our Parliament would be an interesting document. Such is, of course, rather diffi cult to obtain, especially as the religious element has nothing to do with the work in hand. Three of the conventionalists are Catholics and all are successful barristers. The Hon. E. E. O'Connor, Q.C., M.L.C. (New South Wales) is an Irish Australian born in Sydney. Mr. O'Connor is a member of the constitutional committee now sitting and is one of the greatest authorities on the subjects which will necessarily be dealt with by the committee. It has been asserted, also, by his colleagues that Mr. O'Connor is a possible Premier of New South Wales in the near future. Messrs. M. J. Clarke, MP., and P. McM. Glynn, B.A., LL.B., are Irishmen, and both are on the Judiciary committee. The latter is well known to the Australian public, but the representative of Tasmania has not been much before the public of Australia, Although regarded as one of the most eminent members of the profession in the country from which he hails. The fol lowing sketch of, Mr. Clarke from the " Bydney Freeman will be interesting ■.— Mr. Clarke is the eldest son of the late Mr. James Clarke, Belfast, County Antrim, who in his day was one of the ablest and best-known solicitors in the northern capi tal of Ireland. Mr. M. J. Clarke was born in Downpatrick in 1863, and was educated in St. Malachy's College, Belfast,which had then as .President the present distinguished Bishop of Down and Connor, the Most Rev. Dr. Henry. Just at this time the Irish Intermediate Education Act came into force. Under the provisions of this Act competitive examinations were held under the auspices of the Intermediate Board. Over 2,0Q0 candidates com peted, and young Clarke secured one of the ^860 exhibitions. The passing of the Royal "University Act made it possible for the pupils of Catholic Colleges, without sacri fice of principle, to study for degrees, and we accordingly find Mr. Clarke studying at the University College of Blackrock, under the Fathers of the Holy Ghost. In 1881, at the first matriculation examination held under the University, Mr. Clarke was fourth, out of all Ireland, amongst thefirst . class exhibitioners, and in the following year pe secured the first Mathematical scholar ship, besides taking first-class honors in Latin, Greek, French, English, Mathe matics, Civil and Constitutional History, Physics, Political Ecohomy, and General Jurisprudence. In 1884 he took his B'.A. degree with honors, and in 1886 he was ' called to the Irish Bar, and entered the .chambers of Mr. T. L. O'Shaughhessy, Q.C. For. the benefit of his health, which was .beginning to fail, he name ont to Tasmania wjth; most gratifying sresults. I> Mr. Clarke settled down in Launoestoni and was in , ,iB^iocally, admitted With® practice; of his .hroiession. ,. We; need ^hot ,^UihiP ftoty .... iSihco^hon. It isonpofunvnryingsuccess. Though he. is still?a yphng man, pis profos nil $oi$hehu ^EaiipaBhia. Whe/is shmmphecL &/Hbl»rt,'' ?',!Ajb..thie TOSt^gefaer&l; rdttmiefi in YWifembntJ \i.A 