A'" It? ~ raferf-"1 jf ; -v ' (!??.> ,-.?-<? T f< I // Vfv ii I WE were a great houseful of! people. They always had a houseful for Christmas at the ' Court. I have spent many a merry { Christmas there since, but never one I so merry as that. I suppose it was because we were all young, and at that time of life when you only see the lights and none ofthe shadows. Besides Julian loved me. I had been certain of that ever since we met at Scarborough in the summer ; and since I had been stay ing in his father's house, he had found a thousand little ways of making me more than sure that this dea° old house was to be my home, and I the happiest mistress that ever owned it, because Julian loved me. It was the night before Christmas Eve, and all we voung folks were dancing in the big hall; and it was between two waltzes, as I sat resting in one of the deep window seats', sheltered by the heavy curtain, that Julian liited the curtnin, and pnssGd in, and sat beside me. The window seat was in the shadow of tiie great stair, and the rest of the company were gathered round the piano, and were laughing and talking so gaily, that his words were 110 more heard by them than the soft sighing of the pine trees outside. No one heard what he said but I, and no one ever shall hear; for you need not suppose that I am going to write down here what lie said to me. But it was one oi those very happy moments that come so seldom and that lights one's life when they do come for a long, long way back and forward. And he told me he should speak to his father next day. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I was a nice-looking girl in those days, and considered agreeable and accomplished, as girls went. So next day when I met Julian in the hall for a moment after breakfast, I never ex pected the answer to be anything but .yes' when I said : 1 Is your father pleased with your choice ?' To my surprise Julian hesitated, then lie answered : 'I think he is pleased with my choice, but he begs us to consider nothing as settled until after Christ mas Eve,' ' Why ?' I asued naturally enough. ' I can't tell you now. It's a long tale, and those Oanvers girls will be here in a minute. I promised, like the fool I am, to go skating with them. But this afternoon when we come in to tea, if you should happen to be in the library instead of the hall, one might perhaps get a word with one's sweetheart.' The Danvers girls came in while he was speaking, but he finished his speech in my ear with great calmness, and I went off to nurse my new hap piness, and wonder at and delight in it until the time was come when I should see him again. I soltly slipped into the library and closed the heavy door after me. The dusk was falling, the firelight shone pleasantly 011 the glass of the book cases and the gilt backs ofthe books, and I stood by the window and watched the skating-party come up from the lake. 1 hadn't had a word with Julian all day. I couldn't skate, for I nad promised my dear mother years before that I would never go 011 the ice, because my father had been killed by an ice accident. 1 saw them come up, jingling their skates and talking merrily, and two minutes later Julian was in with me. ' How nice and warm it is in iiere my dear little love,' lie began. < i have been in purgatory all day-such a cold purgatory too.' And indeed his face was as cold as ice. When he had thawed his hands a little by the fire, we sat down to gether on one of the leather covered settees, and he said : 1 Now, heart of mine, we have only a few, few minutes for all our stories and explanations, for I must get hack to the other people before the tea comes in. The real fact is-there's a ghost in our family.' I turned my foot this way and that, to watch the play of the firelight on my patent-leather shoe. ' 1 don't think,' I remarked, still looking down, 1 that a ghost would be an insuper able objection.' 'It's not quite that,' he said, hesitatingly. ' What is it ?' I asked. ' The story is sure to be interesting; tell it to me, Julian.1 /rt 1 ' 'Well, the story I f fjt-^ <.' runs that a certain " ancestress of "* mine ran away jr\ *? k. I and got married 'y J without her par ents'consent. The : marriage didn't turn out well or _ omethiug. At any rate, 'j ' s't. \\\ is plagued with re ?- morse in her later years, fv.vSV,1: and very inconsistently ni v^' undertook to appear and give ner blessing when ever the heir of this house becomes engaged to a uitable young person ; and if she doesn't appear the engagement doesn't come off. That's all, my dear.' ' But do you mean to tell me,' I exclaimed, for 1 could not help think ing he was laughing at me, 1 that you would give me up just because a , stupid old ghost didn't put in its ap pearance at a certain hour and place?' 1 No, I wouldn't," he replied, . but my father would never consent, and I am sure YOU would never marry me without his consent.' ' I'm not so sure of that,' I said to mvself in a low voice. *' I don't want to have any secrets from you, little woman ; so I won t pretend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if the ghost does appear on i Christmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do.' ' But am I to understand then, that ever since your ancestress took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has . appeared to sanction the engagement of each heir of the house in succes sion ?' ' Of course you will laugh at it, he went on in rather an injured way, 'but that really is the story. My father will tell you that he saw it, and his father before him ; and I haven t the slightest doubt I shall see it on Christmas Eve. My father and I will sit up for the purpose.* ' A pack of old wives' stories!' I rejoined indignantly. 'Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me and I'm not going to marry into a family that believes in such nonsense.' . Oh ! aren't you?' said Julian, quite calmly,' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that I love you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. But you see how much pleasanter it would be for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the orthodox manner.' 1 really even then thought lie was playing some sort of joke on me, but no, he was quite serious, and I had actually to be in that ridiculous posi tion of being engaged for more than three days. And Julian was very careless and people were always coming in and finding lis at different corners of the room as if we had just jumped there: and once I am certain one of those Danvers girls saw him kiss my ear as we went upstairs belore dinner. The night before Clmstmas live 1 really felt almost worried out of my life, and when I went up to bed I sent a way my muid, put on my dress* ing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of the fire to have a good cry. I had hardly begun, how ever, when there was a soft tap at my door, and Lady Cary herself camc in. She was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't have been more than forty-five, but that seems old when you are only eighteen. ' May I come in ?' she asked, in her soft sweet voice, and came in at once, shut the door, and sat down opposite me in the other chair. ' Dear, dear, dear!' she said. ' Now whatever is the matter ?' ' I'm tired,' I replied, 'and I've got a cold in my head.' Lady Cary turned her eyes to the fire and fixed them there. .Such a model of frankness and candour I' she said, slowly; ' that's what Julian said when he told me he was engaged to you. It came, it's true, at the end of a list of your more important qualities, beauty and sweet ness and angelic charm.' She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I crept humiliated to the low stool at her feet. ' I'm very sorry,' I murmured ; 41 didn't know that Julian had told you anything, and it seems so strange to be engaged and nobody to wish you happiness, or good luck, or anything, and to be depending on a stupid ghost; and I think 1 was wishing, when you came in, that there was someone, that-that my mother had not died when I was quite a little thing.' Lady Cary stroked my hair. ' There, poor child,' she said ; ' thbre is someone. Tell me all about it.' And I told her all about it as well as I could, and when 1 had finished she broke out with a funny little laugh. ' My dear, I felt just as you do about it when I was your age, and Lord Cary's mother came to my as sistance exactly as I am coming to yours, and as I believe the lady of the house has always come to her son's assistance ever since the White Lady promised to ' walk.* It depends on you, my dear, whether Julian and his father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not.' 11 wasn't crying a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what she said. ' If you would only say that you would like me to be ' ' Of course I wouid, that's why I'm here. It's my belief that the Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked before I was engaged, and I had to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to-night, and my future mother-in-law showed me how to end it as you will end it to-morrow." 'I?' 'Yes; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas Eve the in tending bridegroom and his father, if the father be alive, are bound to watch in the chapel from eleven till one, and across the gallery at the end the White Lady glides as the clock strikes twelve. You will have to practice gliding, my dear; it is a very difficult art.' ' Then you mean that I-that you ' .I mean that you must, in the character of the White Lady, pro nounce your own blessing on your "M.OOKi I said; t.OOK THFKK-THKRF-* IT IS Ai.Altf ! own engagement, as I did on mine, and as I believe all the ladies of Gary have done on theirs. It's the secret of the ladies of this house, and I should never have told it to you if I hadn't believed that you are the best wife in the world for my Julian.' ' Then you mean to tell me, Lady Cary,' I said, when 1 had recovered from my delight at this little speech, ' that you yourself played the part of the ghost in this house.' ' I did indeed, my dear,' she replied, and it was the best night's work I ever did.' And her voice trembled, and her face lighted up with the recollection of old happiness. ' I have pot the dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and the veil that my mother-in-law gave me, they were miles too big for me, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to move from the chapel for an hour after midnight, which is a merciful provision to give one time to get com fortably out of the way before they can find any traces of one. The way to the gallery is rather peculiar; there are two secret doors to pass, but I will show you the trick of these to-morrow, and 1 will be there to re ceive you when you find your way back to the modern side of the Court. You mustn't be nervous about it.' 'Nervous I'I exclaimed, 'there is nothing to be nervous about ; only one can't help ' ' No, don't say you can't help despising Julian for it. It runs in the blood, my dear, like their fair hair and tiieir blue eyes, and you must take people as you find them, and make the best of them.' She gave me another go.-.J kiss, and walked off with her bedroom candle. Tiie next night at eleven she came again to my room. She dressed me in the white satin and pea;!s, and powdered my face Uiickly :o give me the pallid look necessary for my ghostly character. It was always the custom at the Court to go to bed early on Christmas Eve, so that hy a quarter to twelve the house was perfectly quiet. I took up the heavy, old-fashioned candle stick I was to carry, and crept out of the room, my white satin ar.d pearls covered by a dark cloak. I found the spring Lady Cary had shown me under a carved wreath on an oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and it closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening, lest anyone should have heard me pass from my room to this. But there was no sound- only I could hear my own heart beating. I walked along the passage in which I found myself. The dust lay thickly under foot, so that my steps made no noise as I walked. It was a narrow passage made of rough stone-work, and a door at the other end which stood ajar and was easily opened, led me to a part of the house that I had never been in before. It was the suit of apartments that had been oc cupied by the White Lady, ar.d sir re her time no one had lived in them. Everything was just as she had left it. Her garments and personal possessions were littered on the tables and chairs. There was a hue, all its strings broV.cn but one; and one stiff dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had courage to go tip to it and see that it was only heavy gold brocade. The dull, dark tapestries on the wall swayed a little now and then-with the wind, 1 suppose-but it seemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a small stream over my lingers. Lady Gary had said I should be nervous, and I certainly was Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood rushing to my heart and nearly choked me. Suppose Lady Cary was wrong ; sup pose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of. 1 grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end of the last ante-chamber I came to another panel like the one in the corridor, pressed a similar spring, and found myself on a little flight of staits which Lady Gary bad warned me led directly to the gallery. At the foot of this I was to wait till I heard the church clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the gallery, and descend a flight of steps at the other side, which would lead me into a passage communicating with the suite of rooms I had just left I didn't like the idea of that 3o:-.g j sequence of mouldering emptiness j behind me. I tried to get the panel ] to*shut, but it wouldn't act; its hinges j were stiiT, and I tvas afraid ot maVir.g 1 them creak. j There I ^raited : and if it was a wrong thing to do to deceive my future husband in that way, I can only- say I was well punished for it. What I suffered in those rive minutes no one can believe who simply sees it written down here. What I should have lilted to do was to bolt back to mv room like a rabbit and marry Julian in spite of all his father's opposition. But 1 have a habit of carrying a tiring through when once started. Besides, I didn't want Lady Gary to think me a fool. So 1 stayed there with my heart beating to that degree that I fell as if j they could hear it in the chapel. j At last came the long, dull, slow stroke of the dock. I gathered up my satin draperies, held the candle high, and walked up the steps. It tvas" a short flight, and in another moment I was in the gallery. My kr.ees were knocking together with the double fear of being found out, and of diving again cut of the comparative light and safety of the chapel into the un beyond. The white moon shore through the windows of the clerestory, and there was air here as well as light, and movement, ar.d human com panionship ; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in the char.eel below the two figures of my lover and his father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as or.e watches the dead. I drew my veil ever my face, held my candle high and walked forward. I felt rather than heard the hushed ' Ah 1' from the chancel which told that they had seen mc Holding my candle high above nrc I walked-for in that hour of terror my gliding lessons vanished from my memory, le.ivi.ig no trace-to the other side of the gallery, and passed under the low wooden doorway and down the liight of stairs. The way was easy to nnd and, somehow, 1 felt that the worst was over novo. \ True, there were those d.^dV | deserted rooms to traverse, but .11 the end of them, warmth, light, 'are, my own room and Lady Cary, who was there waiting for me. So 1 followed the passage I found at the foot of the stairs till it brought mc to the sliding panel I had been unable to shut, which let me into the ante-room of the White Lady's bedroom. It was with a sigh of relief that 1 pushed it open and passed through i:. I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feci something approaching a return oi what 1 always like to consider my natural fearless ness, when I saw that 1 wasn't alone. There was another light in the great dark room and it was advancing to wards me. My first thought was Lady Gary-and 1 hurried to moot her. The next moment I saw the fear 1 had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been no idle terror. It was not Lady Caiy, who was coming towards me with the candle in hand, up-raised in a silver candlestick. It was not Lady Cary who wore satin and pearls and a death white face. It was the White Lady -the ghost herself-in whose charac ter and in whose rooms I was madly masquerading. In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not to scream, not to betray my pre sence here to Julian and his father, my candle slipped from my hand. At the same instant the ghost's light, too, was extinguished, and 1 was alone in the da-.k- in the rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face and form not three yards from me-in the dark. . Ah !' I drew a long breath. There was a srae" af Ytr-jgar ar.d sra;.V.h\; siits. S.v.r.eboay wv-s rabbiac ray har.as. I was very ce".i. . Oh 5 than"-; Goa, are yea betted' It was Lady Cary who wis iycaV.r.c. I areaed ray eyes, ar.d "oak:a a; her. I was in rav owr. rocra, rlaasaat ara. bright with are ar.d "arar-acht.. Laay Caiy was lv;r.dtr.g avar :v.s \cuh a vtty .raxicr.s race ir.deea. ' 1 t's all ri^b.t, ray dear. Ye-a :a;r.:« in those dreadtai* dark rev-ras. it wast have bcsr. a jri4: t::al _i kr.; c it TOr.'a be. Be; yeu are sate rr. ray chiid.' I s.-.t r; the wet \ ir.o^ar e'.eta tiorped rreea r.-.y fovahcad ;> I aid so., ar.d :e'.l or. ray ;..\r.ds. . Lady Cary,' I satd,* « a aye seer, the ghost. the real jhast, ar.d ;; ca-a-.i c'ose to rae ir. that dreadta; reera. ' Your r.ttves are ove;v«vve-v.j;a:^ ar.swe.red Lady Car.-, vvd.rdy. ~ I don't wor.der, V.".'. r.rast have tarered scrae bit of drapery or shadaw to re i fh.ost.' . I; wis is real as I era," I s.-.id:; s I thoaght it vas yea .-.t r.rst. 0b. it :s horrible, raost h.erribie ? Lady Cary wcrdd r.e.t iet rae ta.x abec.t it any raere. She s".ayed vtt.t rae that right, ar.d ir. the va.'ir.vac gave or.t that I was too r.r.we'.l te cor.-.e to brealtiss:, whiah I eart.v.a.y Wis, ar.a abort r.oer. she aarae ap to r.-,y roam. . Xow,' she said, *'everyer.e is cat stating. Have \v.; tbe vV-arage ;o cor.-.e with rae to tbe W.vae LadyV roe-as, ar.d r.r.d ort vb;t o ilir.sior. it was that so :V~cb:;'.-.;a yea last r.:;b.t}' . 1 b.A\e i tb.ersar.d tbb'.cs to ass yea,' 2 satd. ' How aid 1 cet Ktck to i ray roe.r.i" . I got uneasy aho-at.you .ast r.^g", and came to joo'st for you,1 s.he said. " Ar. d did you carry me ha oik J1 Lady Cary l.v.:ghed. * My dear,it we are to go we r.-.v.st go at o.r.ee, c~ we shall have the ~ xi.^n ns.' She threw a shav. 1 round me, and tve crossed the conider. The oval; panel swung on us pivot, we passed throiigh and i: elo-sed behind vis. Jn another minute we wt.ro in the "\\\~h:te Lady's rooms. Seen by the dim daylight that tiite rod through the eelnvebb-ed panes of glass, the rooms were mo .it deso« l.»te than ever, and almost as eerie.. But with Lady Circus o.iru round me ! could have :&ccd; it ««?. in ;ii dark, I thought. We passed through c.re r.v.m ifsr another, but nowhere was there -\ny thing that could hy the wildest imagination bo made to reseco.l.le white satin ar.d pearls, and a raised arm holdinge. lighted cardie. W; walked to the farther end -and then retraced our steps. l^adv Carv was just saying, . It must have beer. pore imagination,' when 1 caught a glimpse of something moving at the *nd e.: the room-something white-and stopping short, rig:.! n uh ::- ;-.v-r, I vc.inted towards it. 'Look!' I said, ~L.v"k there-tits it is again " I^dy Cary r>ut u.p her donhle eye glass and locked. * Yon poor, dear, blessed little innocent,' she said. ' IXmh yen see that it's a looking-glass, .and r;.r~; , ;s nothing worse than ye ar pretty self in your white dressing-gown i' Even then 1 was hardly to be con vinced. Xot till she led roe v.p to the glass panel and I saw my c.wn tv.rved gown and scared face reriected in its depths did 1 v.nderssand theheight of my own folly the night "before. "Sat then 1 was convinced, and l,idy Cary ied me bsolc to my oto room to pe; and coax and laugh at me tlil 1 should he in a lit fiame ofvaind to meet vac lover. When I went eicwn to laneheor. Lord Cary rose no h; :.-,re all the com pany and hissed mv rorehead. ar..1 welcomed me as his daughter and his son's wife; and snch heiore the next Christinas hive 1 heeaaie It was on "heevening of o~.:r ding day that 1 felt 1 could ne.t tecp n-.y secret no longer. .Julian,'1 said, "1 hope voa \<-.l forg'ive me. 1 have so-.-.; ;lar.g hor rible to tell yor..' ? r.-oceed,' h.e answered, v.l;h a twinkle in his eyes. ? Tint U really is hot-iMe, jmei tvr liaps you vvi'.l not iorglve me. l^.; ; couidn't hear to tell ver. X;o:-c- ;or sear it should interfere somehow with, our marriage.' . You r.-.Vk r;u- V:l"h s;-,>-.\?r;SO,'' -J" roplico, cliocv^'.'.i.v. " Vv~.".5s this horror ;h.M ~-;c>.i >.iv? v." too ~s it s:c.is Tho:i "l tola how 1 hs.i ye.yo^ ;hs ghost on Christr.-.ss Wo; i;->o. ?when my tale vrs cr.oj.5., I r.-.y h.o.vh w&iv.ng; his ropr.vK-hos. vMv vicar h;:':-; ho sv:.\ ixjtir.ij his ,r.~s rov.ro. r.-.f- - ;h:s :s anoiont hlstosy, Wh.\ jw. s.7> ?jv-.se, «mo' yoa ov.t o:* ;h£ i.hosiV room that r.ic.'ht r1 »r>iawa?* V^io T-^.y s.V.v-r . 0:"oo;-.:-soshc vii.h Yo:: o:.>.h ; . > pose that r. oor.r h:;'i? ^.rh^o a wor.i.in. s;:oh as r.-.y r.-othor oor.h-. O.v.ry r.iy hior.o? ho;.v.:y i;' ' Ano. yo-.i .avo not an.c:-y '' . T>o 1 !ooV ho isle',. . Arsa you tfwak 1 wss »-'. yov.r mother was rljhl"?' \- Yos. swoothoar:, awl aH "'bo o;h;r tair lao.ios -who havo -oh\yoo. :h- thos on Christmas Xv£ to >;.ias;.:.vrs:;^o.:s Ca;y for A hosban,! 1 or.V vish v." i-eri ho; tor worth the r.-o^la." As to that 1 havo r.-.y our. oSir.KV.. r.»T> r.-.K rf.r. i ;kk. iv.w.toYu-w * '( >:.-?!.«. VMT l*tt « Tiislit *?tw * Cta-iK-mM. Thtw's * Vnrj-Ur gwiiag $ii» j-oi.r V«w "bv 'W.yi.O.k)* ; -'S.I >>» it. SiAy, in.'* * -*i.:l » it.i.-.'k i-c'V tr-p, ina ;>.tM V.u1.!' 'ki'.'l'him." "Let titc «>» , SoiSjicr.t -,>it sV!8 i ny ; \\\> Ticoi hoi i.rr.k-;,-uw- «,->wr, S.it >i\irrjr *..> Irt-w Si W.J '«'«.? 