Sea Ghosts Apparitions, in whatever form, are always a source of alarm, if not of actual terror, to sailors, and ib need hardly be Qiid that, where superstition i?,fche imagination is quick to body forth something to awe and terrify. The Coltio mind is peculiarly susceptible to 1 this kind of dread, and among the Vestern ! Isles ao well us on the west const of Ireland, should a sei-mist or a cloud assume a peculiar form, the fishermen and sailors see it in a warning sent to them by a kindly spirit against venturing from land. Along the littoral of North Germany a very peculiar superstition prevails. It is to the effect that the soul of anybody who dies on board ship passes into a bird, and that whenever the bird shows itself it IB to announce tho death of another person. This strange fancy is firmly believed In both by the seafaring folk and peasantry. This is only one form of a notion almost universally prevalent that birds are iutimate'y connected with the fate of mon. Hence a bird met At sea Is nearly always an,omen of good or evil. How much they are often so regarded is shown by the following instance, which occurred In 1857, in connection with the sinking of the ship Central Amtrican and the rescue of forty-nine of the passengers and craw by Captain Johnson of tho Norwegian barque Mltn. The captain's statement to one of the rescued men was aa follows Some time before I saw or heard you tho wind hauled, and I altered my course a little, thus standing away from tho then unknown scene of the wreck. Immediately after altering my course a small bird flew across the ship twice, and then dariedab my face. I took little notice of tho circumstance. Again the bird flew round the ship, and again ib darted ac my face. This time I began to regard it as something extra ordinary, and, while pondering upon the matter.and hesitating whether to pay atten tion to the feathered monitor, it appeared a third time and repeated its extraordinary actions. I immediately put the ship's head b^ck to tho course we had originally steered and shortly afler we heard noises in the water about us"-which proved to be the slioutB of the shipwrecked men. The vessel was in their midst. Had she been kept upon her alterod cour e, it is rtain that the c ie.i of the swimmers would have failed to reach the barque. Most peoplo have heard of the superstition about sharks following a ship, as they often do for days-that is a sign of death. It is not sharks only, however, that are thus ominous ; any large fish that patiently dogs a vessel is considered a fatal sign. Tho very persistency of the creature sometimes oxerciBes a fascination which may contribute to the result so keenly dreaded A yarn aptly illustrative of ihis point is told by an old Kentish skipper. Many years ago a gallant little vessel set twil from Faveraham with a crew as trim and light-hearted as ever manned a Bhip. It was two days after Christinas, and the weather, bright and Biniling, augured well for a prosperous voy age. The littlo craft h id not ^oue far, how* ever, before a gloom fell upon all on board -a gloom that nothing could remove ; for there, following in their wake, was a dread harbinger of death. Bay and night it was there, silently pursuing them, with its eye never off the ship. It took the shape of & large fish-of a kind none on board had ever seen before-a sort of demon fish, -in short 1 The horror of the situation hung like a doom over them, driving away all mirth, putting in its place a nevor-ceaBing dread. For who was to be the victim no one. know, though all were sure that one of their number would never see foot on land again. Oh, the furtive glances that were bestowed upon that wretohed fish ! How the usually brave and hardy fellows would have liked to kill the creature-only they dared not. One young seaman, the darling of the crew, ventured to fetoh a gun from tho cabin, and pointed it at tho fish - if fish ib were, and not an evil spirit. But he had not tho courage to fire. No, there was something in ! tho eye of the creature that said, u Shoob if you will, but yon cannot." From- that moment the poor sailor was completely under the spell of the monster. Do what he would, he coutd scaroely' tako hia eyoB off the creature for a moment. He began to feel that the fatal message was for him-that he way the doomed man. That terrifying thought grew upon him, making hia feet unsteady and causing objects to j swim giddily before his eyeis, so that at j length, though tho wind was not rough nor tho day at all overcast, ho stumbled' and fell headlong into tho sea. He was Been no more. The fish disappeared at tho aamo moment, Another remarkable coincidence connected wirh the fatality was that, at the very time of the death of tho poor young fellow, whose memory i3 still treasured among the fi8hormen*of the town, his stop father and some frienda were ab work upon the oyster-grounds, where-it being night i he former exclaimed to the man nearest to him, "Look 1 look 1 upon the water yonder 1 There's a mourning coach and hoarso. 'Tie sign of a death ab sea !" And, of course, a day or two afterwards came the news of the death of the beloved son. 