Hadame Curbar's Yule Feast. By R. MURRAY GILCHRIST. Old Squire- Dudley drove up to Hill Top Manor on Christmas Eve. The afternoon was so stormy and the moorland road in such Lad condition that more than once the wheels o' the chariot stuck firmly in the fmz.-n mud and snow, so that the master had to dismount and help with all the might of his great shoulders. The L, lis of Milton were chiming six when the terrace was reach ed. Hooking out hrough the dimmed panel, the squire --aw that from end to end each window ,f the gr-at house was already lighted w'.h candles. "What can my poor sister lie dream- ,ng of?" he mused, wonderingly. "For the first time in iiir.-e years sin- has given the place iis ancient state. Can it he that trouble hn.- wrought on her mind at last?" But Warmswori k. the old butler, in terrupted him by opening the door and assisting him to take off his great driv ing coat. "Is madam enu rtaining?" asked the squire. "But ye.-terday she had no thought of't. Thi-- sight takes me back to happier days." "I dunna know :.ow 'tis, master," re plied Warmswort:,. "but in truth our good lady has do. rmined to sorrow no longer. In the m titer of feasting, this Yuletide will be a front of any we have ever known." At that moment the door of the with- drawlng-room opened, and Madam Cur- bar came towards iter brother. A great change had occurred since their last meeting. She had doffed lier black woollen weeds for the raiment that be- fitted her position a.- the richest woman in Peakland, and sin- wore gown of gold-colored satin, embroidered with green leaves. Her white hair was wrought elaborately upon a cushion, and a diamond star glittered on the topmost band. The pallor of her cheeks had given place to a faint flush, and the stoop that grief had caused had entirely disappeared. He stood for a while gazing at her in utter amazement; then when she moved forward, her hoop giving iter the buoy ancy of a swan, and put lier arms about his neck and kissed him welcome, big tears gushed from his eyes. "Demme, Bessie." he muttered. " the sight of you trigged out as you were wont has set me a-blubuering! One 'Id think the lads had never gone to serve the king and been lost to the cursed barbarian three years ago." Dame Curbar laughed lightly, and drew him to a ekair beside the hearth, where fire-logs cracklpd and hissed louder than the wind outside. Hereto fore the mention of her two sons had brought a passionate melancholy, but now she w .s laughing cheerily. "I have guests of import coming," she said. "Last night, from beginning to end, was one long uream. and when I oped my eyes I gave a housewife's com mands. Brother Sim, you stay here to night. You are one of the guests, and the Queen's Chamber is warmed in readiness. I will give orders for your men and horses." "Ay, but I came over to bid you spend Christmas with me. Sine your trouble I have always wisher, it. but you have ever declined, and sat like an owl in an ivy bush. We ar both oldish folk — I a bachelor and you a lonely widow." "Why talk of loneliness?" she said, soothingly placing her hand In his. "You have still a sister who loves you, and maybe, by God's goodness, others you know not of." He sprang to his feet, his usually rud dy face white with excitement. "Have you hoard of the lads?" he cried. She shook her head, but no melancholy appeared In her eyes. "From man I h ve heard nothing," she spiil: "hut none the I know that l hey are alive, and that they are com ing home to me. What I dreamed last night was the tale of their captivity amongst the Barbary pirates — of their being sold as slaves, and refusing to change their faith for the Mussulman's. Ynu know. Brother Sim. that I have only dreamed twice before in my life, and thai each time the dream proved true." "1 know. Continue, sister; keep me no longer sitting on pins!" he said, in an awed voice. ."And what I saw was an their history —how they strove to escape, and were caught again and again; how they were parted: bow they came tog- etlier. Ay, me. I heard them .peaking of us both! And now they are free and homeward bound, and when Milton St. Agnes' chimes in Christmas Day they will he here in this very room. So sure of it am I that, as you see, I have cast aside my mourning, and thrown the house open, as in long-past Yuletldes. Word has been sent to the tenants to come for to-night's feast. I keep apart ,and wait here to welcome the lads. Give me your company, brother, and let tis see the preparations." She took his arm, and accompanied him to a great room where a crowd of servants were running merrily to and fro, hasting so that they might change to their best raiment ere the multitude of tenant guests arrived. The huge dressers were piled with pies of mince and gatne, and baskets overful of spice cake covered each table. The air was full of the aroma of roasted bird and beast; on tbe central spit a sucking- pig revolved to the antics of a fat ter rier. Then Dame Curbar led him to the hanqueting-hall, where the hoards were covered with fine linen and the pewter services shone like silver. "You must play host to the folk," she said. "I could not, for I am wrought to the highest pitch, and I must sit and listen for the coming footsteps. At eight o'clock I will come to the supper- table for the drinking of healths; then I shall leave you to see that all is well done." The squire made no demur, for the part was to his liking. In his house the festivities, out of deference to his sis ter's mourning, were to he of the sober est order, none but the servants being present. But the dame suddenly thought of his people, too, and determined that they should share the enjoyment of her own. "We'll send a horseman over to Dud ley," she said, "so that everyone, even to the kitchen lad. comes, and then none can ever forget what they see this night. Your arm again, Sim. We go now to my sons' chambers." They ascended the brightly polished stairs to the long gallery, on whose eas tern wall glowed the reflection of fires passing through open doorways. Squire Dudley's eyes filled with tears when he saw, airing on chairs near the hearth, the white linen nightrails, and the rai ment that his nephews had left when they had gone to fight for king and country. "By the Lord, Bess," he said, in a husky voice, "it's far too good to be true." Then he bowed his head, and prayed silently that at this great crisis of her life the promise of her dream might be fulfilled. CHAPTER II. The morning had broken just as the fishing smack entered Lynn Harbor, and two men gazed with bright eyes on the sight of the old country. A dense mist crouched over the town, and the hoar frost lay heavy on the timbers of the mouldering wharf. The place reeked of the smells of sea- coal smoke and tar and fish, but the mixture was sweeter to their nostrils than the per fumes of the fairest Algerian flowers. Both were tall and brown-skinned, with long, curly, chestnut hair, and both wore the clothes of common sail ing folk. There was, however, an as pect of natural dignity that raised them far above the level of their seafaring fellows. "Now that we are here." the younger said, "my heart begins to sink for the first time. Oil. Charlie, if so be that reaching home we find our mother and our uncle taken away from us, and an empty, deserted house!" His brother put bis arm fondly around his neek. "Why, Frank." he said, laughingly, "do you think that after passing through such a host of perils by land and sea, we are to have no reward? If we had dared to give way then, we'd have had no spirit left. My only re gret is that we cannot be with our mother this Christmas Eve." A gnarled red hand slapped him hear tily on the shoulder. "An' if that be all, gentlemen. wh5f, post, I say, and drive twelve miles an hour till Derby la reached." H was the captain who spoke, a heart- nf-oak old fellow, who had grown to love the two strangers whom he had succored in their extremity. "Ay. Captain." said Charles, "but Where's the money to come from? Not a maravedi have we betwixt us; but for you we should he naked save for the barbarian's loin -cloth." The captain smacked his shoulder bo heartily that he was compelled to entreat a lighter touch. Then the old sea-dog jingled the money in his bree ches pocket. "There's fifty guineas here with good King George's head on 'em, waiting for you gentlemen to cry 'Mine! Take em, an' heed naught, but start forthright for your homes. An' if so be you wish to return 'em. well, please yourselves; if not, I'll not miss 'em. It's my wish, too, that you be with madam, your good mother, so that lier heart '11 be as blithe as any in England." They strove to thank him, but their Miroats were stopped. He drew them with him along the wharf to his own house, and his homely old wife set be fore them an English Christinas break fast, to which they did ample justice. When they arose from the table, the captain announced tha the chaise was ready. "Now, my sonnies, off you go," he said, 'and a good Christmas to you and your kin 'These horses are the best in Lynn; they'll carry without flagging for for eighteen miles. Here's the money. Throw it about like water, so that everybody you meet may have occasion to bless you. Think sometimes of how an old salt-fish picked you up on an African shore. Good-bye, and God bless you both!" In another five minutes the precincts of the town were far behind, and the lads sat drinking tlieir fill of the sight of leafless timber hung with crystals and shrouded wih dense mist. At ten o'clock they reached the first change- house, where a relay of horses, equally mettled, was fixed to the chaise, and the first pair was paid for and sent to the stables. The brothers were too excited to talk much. Now and again Frank pressed Charlie'shand as some distinctly English feature — a church, or a thatched barn, or a trimly-built manor house — loomed through the shadows. Once, as they passed through a village, they heard the sound of a string band playing the old carol. "The first pure joy that Mary had," and they caught themselves sing ing the quaint, uncouth words. At noon they left the Lincolnshire fiats and entered a country of undulat ing hills. There the mist had gathered together in dense volumes above the river courses, and the uplands were bright in the frosty sunlight. They would not pause anywhere for food, so great was their desire to reach home be fore midnight; hut they felt no hunger. At the post- house of a village on the eastern confines of Derbyshire, however — which place they reached just as the curfew began to ring — a warm-hearted hostess brought out a silver bowl full of posset and a dish of mince pies, which they partook of without alighting. "A merry journey to you, sirs," she said, curtseying, "wheresoever you be for. You will have company upon the road. But live minutes since, the two ladies Vernon set out for my lord's house at Wilton— released from the Court to spend Christmas with their folk." Again the carriage flew forward, along roads so narrow that the trees met over head. After awhile the lamps of a fam ily chariot were visible, through the darkness, and the young men divined that they were nearing the two ladles." 'Say, Frank," Charlie said, "dost re member the maids? They danced at the last county ball we attended — they were but children then." "Ay," replied the younger brother. "There were Mary and Eleanor — both dark-eyed girls. Our mother told us the queen had already chosen them for her bedchamber ladies. But they cannot have kept us in mind; they were too shy even for a dance." As he spoke, the Vernon carriage, which had reached the foot of a declivity and was half-way across a broad, shal low ford, gave a sudden lurch, and fell on one side, so that the off lamp was ex tinguished, and the still air rang with the splashing o the horses and the cries o the imprisoned girfls. Before the brothers had realised the extent of the catastrophe, their own vehicle drew up at the margin, and a pompous elderly coachman in gorgeous livery came to the door. "If it be possible for you to give us help, sirs," he said, "my lord the earl " 'SINCE IT MUST BE. SIR.' SHE FALTERED. 'PRAY LET IT BE AS SPEEDILY' AS POSSIBLE.' ALMOST ERF. SHE HAD DONE SPEAKING. H15 HAD CLASPED HER BY THE WRIST AND SWUNG HER LIGHTLY TO HIS SIDE." Will be your grateful servant. The axle- tree has broken, and we are miles away from the nearest smithy. The chariot is water-tight, so the ladies as yet suffer no harm." "We shall be most happy to do what ever we can," replied Charlie. "Tell the ladies that a half of the chaise hired by the Curbars of Hill Top is at their dis posal. Is it possible to remove them here without their feet being wetted?" "It is, sir, if your carriage be drawn aside, and if the ladies be lifted through the window. Heigho! My arms have but little strength nowadays." When hi- had delivered the message the chaise enterc-d the water. The up per panel of the c-b.-iriot door was open, and Frank and Charlie looked down up on a heart-fluttering picture of loveli ness. Two white faces, with big brown frightened eyes, gleamed in the dim light; four little hands gloved in Span ish leather were clasped most pite- ously. "You are quite safe, ladies," Charlie said, striving vainly to suppress a smile. "We — my brother and I — are known to you in a fashion; we met once at Derby ball, years ago It will be necessary for me to lift you from your carriage." Mary Vernon, the elder sister, blushed vividly . "Since it must he. sir," she afltered, " pray let it be as speedy as possi ble." Almost ere she had done speaking, he had clasped her by the waist and swung her lightly to his side. Then he leaned forward again, but young Frank put forth a delaying hand. "It's now my turn, Charlie," he whis pered; and In another moment Eleanor bad taken the seat at her sister's side. "We will give you the trouble to con vey us to the next posting-house," Lady Mary said, "Believe me, you are doing us good service," Suddenly she re membered the mournful story of Dame Curbar's loss, which had drawn tears even from the Court "But of a surety you cannot toe of the Curbar folk?" she added. "The two sons were ship wrecked." "That is true," Charlie said; "but by God's Providence saved, and made slaves by Algerian pirates. But lately we have escaped, and now are on our way to our mother." "Oh, that it were given to others to bring such Christmas joy!" said Mary. "The poor lady has withdrawn herself altogether from the world; she hath lived like a hermit." "It is good to know that she still lives," Frank said, in a muffled voice. "We had feared that further misfortune might have deprived us of the best mo ther that ever lived." Then for a while the ladies were silent, for their thoughts dwelt on the ecstacy of the mother when her two sons were so wonderfully restored to her. The old coachman, who had dis engaged and mounted one of the horses, rode in front, and in the course of another hour they reached the next posting-house. There the landlord came, cap in hand, to the courtyard. "Alas!" he said, when the circum stances were explained to him. "there Is here no vehicle of any kind, and but three horses. A party of Sir Arthur Vance's has hired all the others. And we are so crowded that we have not even a decent chamber to offer your ladyships." Lady Mary frowned prettily. "If that be so, Mr Curbar." she said, turning to Charlie, "all that we can do is to beg you to convey us to your own house. There was. many years ago. in our poor mother's lifetime, a friendship between her and your mother. Our man shall find his way alone to Wilton." The lads agreed with deliglit. and when the horses pranced between the shafts, and the chaise swung forward again. Lady Eleanor begged them to tell the story of their adventures among the heathen. So by turns they related how they were bound in chains and whipped and tortured, so that they might renounce the faith of Old Eng land. Their hearers sighed, and hot, compassionate tears fell on the dainty sea- green travelling cloaks. Ere long the road turned into the wild moorland, where the dried heather swayed beneath its weight of frozen snow. There was no longer any fog, and the dark-blue sky was lighted with a clear moon that cast Into heavy sha dow the western sides of the jagged peaks. The recital of the sufferings amongst the barbarians did not cease until the big gates of Hill Top Park were reached. High up the avenue through the elaborate tracery of the wrought-iron work they saw the facade of 'the ancient house, with brilliant lights falling from its hundred windows. A bowed old man crept from the lodge and threw open the heavy valves. "It's Jake — old Jake!" Frank cried, excitedly. "Dear old man, we've come back again!" The gaffer tottered forward, tremb ling, with his hands pressed to his breast. "The good God be praised for this Christmas!" he sobbed. CHAPTER III. Eleven o'clock had struck, and Dame Curbar had still lost no particle of faith in her dream. But the waiting, despite her exultation of soul, had wea ried her, and the embroidery' frame at which she had worked so feverishly was thrust aside, and she began to pace up and down the withdrawing-room, ever and anon moving the curtains and look ing out into the night- The sounds of feasting In the banqueting hall reached her dimly. She heard her brother's voice raised lustily In the song, "Jolly Good Ale and Old," and a fear lest the liquor whose praises he proclaimed so loudly might render him quite incapable of sharing her supreme joy prompted her to summon him to her side. He came with a merry red face and a stuttering voice, and threy himself into a chair near the hearth. "Bess, wench," he began, solemnly, "thou'rt as come-comely as thou were when I gave thee to Curbar. There's pink in thy cheeks, and there's a sparkle in thine eyes, and if I don't bi-b ink too much, thou'rt grown straight as thou wert thirty years agone." Then his head sank forward, and he began to snore as loudly as be had sung. She strove to rouse him. but unavail- inglv. her attempts being crowned with a rash mumbling for "more ale. nut- brown and nappy." So she placed a cushion beneath his head, and resumed her walk from end to end of the cham ber. The butler came to the door soon. "Here be the guisers come, mistress," he said. "Will it please you that they be gin their play at once?" "No," said Da- Curbar; "give them of the best, but let the merry-making cease for awhile. And bid all my own folk and my brother's come at once to this chamber." Soon all stood before her, bedizened with ribbons of every hue. and trinkets, and odd foolish toys such as were worn at that season. A wave of surprise passed through the crowd when it was seen how beautiful she had grown in her hours of waiting.. "Good friends," she said. " I have ever striven to be - kind dame to you all. and if so be that you love me, all pray in your hearts that the next hour of my life may contain the height of human happiness." Their lips moved in silence, and Squire Dudley blurted out aloud "Amen." Then one and all they went away -nd sat wondering and waiting. The dame drew aside the curtain again, and looked down into the park. But although it was now quarter before twelve there was no sign of the approach of -ny living thing. She forced herself to sit quietly by her bro ther's side, and gazed into the fire as If her sons would spring from betwixt the great Yule-logs. Suddenly her heart began to flutter and tug fiercely against its cordf and for the last time she moved the curtain. And looking out, she saw the gates swing open, and tl e lamps of the post- chaise advancing rapidly between the trees. An incoherent sound crept from her lips, and she swayed against the win dow frame; yet her hands sought the hasp and thrust forward the great lat tice, so that the frosty air leapt into the chamber like a ghost. "My sons are coming! My sons are coming!" she cried, in a voice so piercing that it reached everyone in the house. "Make haste — make haste, or I shall die." The squire, sobered by he- agitation, came forward and caught her in his arms, and bore her to a sofa. She held out her arms towards the window, but her tongue refused its office. He stroked her forehead soothingly, and tried to calm her with tender, brotherly words. At the first clang of midnight, she sprang to her feet ana moved to the middle of the rcom; and ere the clock had ceased, the door opened, and her lads entered and rushed into her arms. All the dame's high-brod dignity left her, and she covered their faces with tears and kisses. It was some minutes before the squire could receive Vvs share of emi "aces and meanwhile his dimmed eyes disco vered two beautiful maidens shrinking into the shadow of the doorway. "By 'r leddy!" he exclaimed, "our lads have brought wives worthy of them!" Lady Mary held up a protesting hand. "I entreat you, sir, not to talk in that strain," she said, hurriedly. "The gentle men, finding us stranded in a ford (our chariot being broken), offered us at length their mother's hospitality, and thus Fortune has7jgiven us the delight of a scene that faaay never be peered for happiness." Now that their; m'otiier was sufficiently composed to understand, the brothers told her of their traVeiling companions, and Dame Curbar received the ladies affectionately, and made them promise to stay in the house at least until the New Year. "Your mother was a dear friend of mine," she said, "and surely my Lord Vernon will spare you when he knows the strange good that has fallen to my share." Ladv Eleanor laughed. "Ay, madam," she said. "There will be still a houseful, though we are ab sent. And 'tis an honor to be asked when there are so many stories of tribu lation overcome to be hearkened to." Soon the dame gave orders for the round table in the banqueting hall to be relaid, and the lads hurried away to change their attire, whilst the house keeper conducted the ladies to the cosiest of the state rooms. Dame Curbar hurried to and fro. sing ing snatches of carols. The squire bantered her concerning her liveliness. "The world would say my sister her self thought of choosing another mate," he said. She shook her head. "Then the world would lie," she re plied. "But still methinks there's mar riage in the air. How if my handsome lads caught these young hearts and kept them in cages?" Squire Dudley chuckled. "How a day changes a woman!" he cried, shrugging his shoulders. "A few hours back the most melancholy widow in England, and now all agog with match-making ! ' ' Soon her sons entered, with the two girls on their arms. They had doffed their cloaks, and their gowns of richly- colored brocade added to their beauty. Dame Curbar kissed them in turn, and together they went to supper. The pea cock and the red game were brought in on silver dishes, and the wine-coolers held flasks of the rarest vintages that had lain a century in the cellar. But before Dame Curbar began to carve, she took a costly ring of table diamonds from her finger, and gave it to her eldest son. "This is for the captain's wife, over and above his guerdon," she said. "Save for his kindness you had not been here to-night." Then the guisers, who had begun and finished the masque of "St. George and the Dragon," lifted their voices in— "I saw three ships come sailing in, come sailing in, I saw three ships come sailing In " Squire Dudley interrupted them by rising and lifting his glass. He was growing confused again. "May we have many joyful Yuletides, and at each may the same company meet in perfect union! I al- allude, of course, to the ladies Vernon, who I hope'll see their way to fancying our brave lads." And as tbe glasses rose, and the girls bowed their heads and blushed, a mighty cheer rose from the assembled guests. "SQUIRE DUDLEY RAISED HIS GLASS. . . . 'MAY WE HAVE MANY JOYFUL YULE- TIDES, AND AT EACH DAY THE SAME COMPANY MEET IN PERFECT UNION!" 