Madeline's Secret CHAPTER IV (Continued). * You are always kind, she said wistfully,' and—and such a comfort; but jt is no good, I may as well talk as -I fed.' He took her hand and crushed it in his strong clasp. ' Why should you feel like that ?' he persisted. " It is so unnatural at your age. Why can't you take a brighter view of things ?' 1 Ah, why ?' she echoed dreamily. ' If you knew all you wouldn't ask why.' • ' He looked at her intently, still holding her hand. ' Shall I ever know all ?' he asked. * You are very fond of' reminding me of the fact that I know nothing of you or your past WHI there ever be a time when you will come to nje of your own bee .will and She drew her hand away. ' No,* she answered gently, but so firmly that his heart sank within him, ' I think not' She paused for a moment, then added— ' I hope not* ' You hope not!' Gilbert's tone was one now of undoubted astonishment. . 'You hope not! And why ?' * Because,' she faltered, brokenly, ' because before I forced myself to —to tell you all you would have to ask me something that—that—that I hope you will never ask me. 1 Gilbert was silent. He may, or may not, have understood her meaning ; at all events, he said nothing. At that moment the door opened, and Nellie came into the room, looking a littie flushed and excited. ' I have news for you people,' she cried, brightly, * quite interesting news. Coine, guess what it is ?' Gilbert shook his head. 1 I never guessed a riddle in my life,' he said, 'and I believe Mrs. Ferrars occupies the same proud position. You will have to tell us your news, Nellie.' ' Well,' Nellie continued, ' papa has just had a telegram from a friend to say that he is running down to see-us,- and will be here in time for dinner. Papa and mamma are awfully glad, and so am I. He has never been here before, and be is so nice, I am sure you will both like him.* 1 Do you know him well ?' asked Gilbert. ' I, personally, met him for the first time last summer, I used to dance with him a good deal in town, but that is all, so I can hardly be said to know him very well. But papa has known him ever since he was a boy at Eton, and he thinks a good deal of him. He is stationed somewhere in the south of Ireland now. He is in the —th Rifles, and his battalion came home from India two years ago. Madeline looked up quickly, with an expression on herface that struck Gilbert oddly, * The —th Rifles," she repeated. 4 At one time I used to know a "good many men in that regiment. What is his name, Nellie ?' ' Captain Burgoyne,' answered Nellie—' Ralph Burgoyne. I think it is such a pretty name—don't you ? I—why, good gracious 1 what is the matter?' She started forward as she spoke. Madeline had turned deathly white and staggered toiler feet, trembling, so violently that she could hardly Staudpher eyes fiked with an ex- : pressionof horror-stricken enquiry on Nellie's face. ' What is the matter ?' Nellie repeated, taking one of the ice-cold hands in hers. * What have I said ?' Gilbert made a step forward. 'What is Ralph Burgoyne to you? be asked, iu a low tone. Ralph Burgoyne !' Madeline echoed,' Ralph Burgoyne !' She looked from Gilbert to Nellie, and back again to Gilbert with a piteous, bewildered expression. 'Yes,' said Gilbert; 'what is'he to you, I ask—what is he to you ?' By this time Madeline had gained her self-command, and she looked Gilbert steadily in the face, though her voice still trembled slightly, as she answered— ' He is a ghost of the past, and a very unpleasant ghost I would give all that I have—ten years of my life — rather than meet him toT night/: Gilbert was still looking at her with-a curiously intent expression. ' Is that all you liave to say?' he She drew back a little. * Yes, that is aU.' * I don't understand,' Nellie put in, in a hopelessly bewildered .tone. 'I wish I did. What does it all mean ? Why, Madeline, I had no idea that you knew anything of Captain Burgoyne.' 'And!,'said Madeline, 'had no idea that you knew him; you never mentioned his name to me.' < : No, I daresay not* 'Well,* said Gilbert, 'that he should be coming down here is unfortunate, to say the least of it' ' It is indeed,' said Madeline, hurriedly ; 'it is terrible for me. I don't know what to do. I feel half distracted.' In her perplexity and distress she turned, as usual, to Gilbert 1 What shall I do ?' she asked. ' Tell me what to do ?* He came to the rescue at once in the most matter-of-fact way possible. ' Don't trouble,' he.said, sooth-; ing is easier than to avoid Captain Burgoyne if you wish to. If you keep away from the Forest while he is here you are not at all likely to run across him, and, of course, Nellie and I will bind ourselves not to mention you to him.' ' He wouldn't know me by this name,' said Madeline, hastily. ' Still, of course, if he heard all, he might suspect' ' Don't trouble,' Gilbert said again, ' he shall hear nothing. I'll answer for that You may make your mind quite easy. Now the best tiling that you can do is to go home at once, and, if you will let me, I will walk so far with you.' Madeline gave him a grateful look. ' How good you are !' she s&id;, in a low tone ; how good and kind ! What should I do without you ?' Then she turned to Nellie. ' I should like to take Mr. Conyer's advice,' she went on, 1 If you won't think me very rude. I am sorry, but I had better go at once. I daren't risk meeting Captain Burgoyne,' ' I am sorry too,' said Nellie ; ' but I quite see that it is better for you to go under the circumstances. Don't trouble. As Mr. Conyers says, it will be easy enough for you to avoid Captain Burgoyne if yon wish to, and I daresay be will only stay for a few days. Of course I won't mention you to him.' ' Thank you,' said Madeline, grate fully. ' I am sure I can depend upon you both.' Then she added, with a wistful smile—' You see, you were right after all in saying that I was " fey.''' CHAPTER V. About a week later Madeline was sitting alone in her cosy drawing" room, lingering over that most enjoyable of all meals, five o'clock tea She did not seem to be enjoying it much, however—indeed, it was at such times that she felt her loneliness most keenly, and an impatient sigh escaped her lips as she put down her cup and stirred the cheery wood lire into a brighter blaze. Things looked very dark to her mental gaze at that moment, and her lot seemed a very hard one ; she was young and extremely goodlooking, she had an immense capacity for enjoyment, coupled with the natural longing of youth to avail herself of that capacity to the utmost ; but Fate stepped in and forbade her to drink a drop of the sweet cup of pleasure that life held to her hps. There were times when she bated to be alone with her own thoughts, and this was such a time. It was no small relief when the door opened and the servant an nounced— * Miss Forrester.' Nellie came in, looking very bright and pretty, and greeted her friend with a hearty kiss, ' Why, how dull you look, Madeline i' she exclaimed, as she caught sight of the other's grave face. ' I am glad I have come to cheer you up. Give me a cup of tea, and then we will have a nice long comfortable chat. I have something important to tell you.' 'I am so glad you have come,' said Madeline, drawing a chair close to the fire for her welcome visitor, and then turning her attention to the tea-table again,' I was just feeling miserably dull.* 'Ah ! I thought as much,' said Nellie, sagaciously. 'You looked like it You've been brooding over old troubles, I suppose.' Madeline shrugged her shoulders. (To Be Continued.) 