OUR LONDON LETTER. (From Ouh Cohrkhponurnt.) LONDON, 1st January. Nothing has ocourrod to prevent tho peace- ablo cnjoj'mciit of tho Christmas holidays on this sido pf St. George's Channel except tho usual crop of wifo murders and wife beatings caused by oxccss during the festivities, and an attempted escape bj' throe convicts at Dartmoor, which resulted 111 ono of them being shot dead. But tho quietude of Christmas-, tido has been prottj rudely disturbed in Iroland, Tho agitation v in favor of a reduction of Irish taxation goes on apace, and all classes aro taking part in it. Peers and ox- dj'iiainitors, Protestant prelates and Catholic priests, Orangemen and Nationalists, all find themselves on the same platform denouncing with tho impetuous oloquonco characteristic of the race the ncadomical griovnnco discovered for them by Sir Georgo Giffon. Ono of the most nnpising episodes was that which took place at Limerick, where the ex-convict John Daley gushed over Lord Castletown's utterances, hailed him us another Washington, and prayed that God might preserve him. Moro serious than these platform utterances, which Lord Longford wisclj' enough said would novcr Bottlondolieutoand difficult quostion of Imperial finunco, has been tho terrible landslip, or rather hogslip, near Killarney. About 14 miles from that town, at a height of 1200 feet above tho sea, occupying a kind of tableland, from which tho ground slopes slowlj towards tho south, was a peat bog, 200 acres in extent, and with a mnvimmri of 30 foot. The district vas known as Quarry Lodge, thoro being by tho sido of the bog a limostono quarry belonging to the Earl of Kenmaro. There -was a kiln and a magazine for blasting powder, and tho quarry was worked by about a dozon men, under a foreman named Donollv, who with his wifo and family lived on tho ground in a singlo storied three- roomed house, Ono of the peculiar features of tho quarry was tho oxistcnce of an underground stream which omptied itself into it through a fiasuro 111 tho rock, and found exit through a cutting into another stream, which fell into tho JUvor Plesk and eventually into the Lakes of Killarney. Tho earth undcrnenth tho bog appears to lmvo been gradualljf undermined, and tho straw which broke the camel's back was tho steady rain which fell 011 Christmas and tho two daj's which followed, and was unusually heavy between midnight and 2 a.m. on tho morning of tlio 28th ult. Tho result wns that tho bog, which had been graduallj undermined, became dislodged and slipped away from tho earth on which it lmd rested for so many centuries. Tho unmoorod bog moved with tho forco of an avalanche, and swept cverj'thing beforo it. On its way down tho hillside towards tho valley of tho Plosk, tho oottago of tho Donollys was submerged, and seven people suffocated, and thousands of acres of arable soil wero covered to a depth of from 10 to 12 feet with black viscous mud. The land will of course bo valueless, as it would cost far more to removo the mud than tho fco simple is worth for agricultural purposes, and hundreds of persona havo boon ruined. Such landslips aro not uncommon in claj and chalk districts ; but bogs are generally in deep depressions, and not Iiko the Bog of the Mull 011 the top of high hills. Visitors to Lyme Regis or Exmoutli will recolloct tho landslip which took place about 1840, and less than four years ago thoro was a slide at Saiidgnto which affected, tlirco miles of cliff and wrecked half tho town. A little over soven j'eara ago thero was a land- , slide at Quebec, near tho citadel, which cost tho livos of (5!> porsons, and a littlo more than 1(5 'years ago there was a slip at Nynco Tal in the Himalayas, which resulted in tho death of 30 Europeans and seven times as many natives. Less than a century ago a mountain near tho Rigi Kulm in Switzerland slipped bodily away, and buried moro tlmn 800 Swiss peasants. Feat bogs are a characteristic feature of Ireland, and cover nearly an oighth of tho whole area of tho island. Tho renBon is said to bo tho oxcessivo humidity of tho climate nnd tlio impervious igituro of the subsoil. Similar conditions havo caused the fens of East Anglia in low lying country, but where tho rainfall is so heavy as in Ireland a bog cftn bo forinod even upon an undulating upland and on the top of such a rock as granito. Suoli bogs abound in tho northern parts of Norway, and such a ono was the Bog of tho Mule, which has had so disastrous an ending. The public rotations between Spain and the United States remain unaltered, but rumors of tho most extraordinary description have been in circulation about the intentions of Spain, and it appears tolerablj- certain that tho Madrid Government has sounded certain European countries aB to their prolmblo attitude in tho case of war breaking out with tho United States. Franco and Great' Britain have refused to commit themselves, Italj' has offered to employ hor good offices to bring about an amicable arrangement botwecn the two powers, and the Knisur of Germany is said to have pro mised his assistance if it should bo needed. Another story is tliat Spain is not indisposed to grant autonomj' to Cuba. It seems probable that some decision will bo arrived at early, in the year, and tliat an attempt will lie mado to pub an end to tho war by granting some conces sion. Spain is adopting vigorous, if somewhat sovero, measure.! to stamp out tlio insurrec tion ut Manila. Dr. Riziil, an educated native of great wealth, who had resided for several years in Europe, was sentenced to death for high treason and shot. The -Authorities refused his Inst requests, which wero that he might bo allowed to civilly marry his mistress, nnd that his body might be given to his friends. Many other persons, including sevoral priests, one tho sub-dean of the cathedral, lmvo biAm condemned to death ; but it is not j'ot known whether the sentence will be carried out. Despatches from Manilla to Madrid state that a large party of the rebels has been defeated with a loss of 3(50 men, but we lmvo hoard so much of Spanish successes in Cuba and the Philippines which havo led to nothing that one begins to doubt thoir truth. The Sultan 1ms within tho last few daj's shown himsolf more amenable to reason than he Iiah been for some months, and it is believed that M. do Nolidoff, the ambassador of Russia, has spoken vory plainly, and has mado tho Turkish sovereign understand tliat if tho Otto man Enipiro docs not paj' tho intorest upon her foreign debt sho will bo left to hor fate. One result . has been that the French and Italian ambassadors havo boon informed that Colonel Mazlmr Bey will bo brought to trial for the murder of Father Salvatore, and that a largo number of Armenians have been set at liberty. Franco and Austria are beginning to get tired of tho inaction to which they have condemned them selves at the suggestion of Russia, and all tho Powers have become weary of tho broken pro mises of tho Sultan Abdul Hamid. But the time for combined action docs not scorn to have a'rrivod. "Will it over ? Mr. Cecil Rhodes has continued his trium- ' phal procession through Soutli Africa, and on Wednesday lie was at Kiraberley presiding over tho annual meeting of tho Do Beers Diamond mine. Ho has made a great many specchos, aud has indulged in a great many cheap sneers at tho mother country and tho " unctuous recti tude" of "his fellow-countrymen, and made many roforoncos to his sacrifices to bring about Soutli African unity. AU bis words and deeds soein to show that, while anxious for the predominance of tho British race in South Africa, he is not at all desirous of British rule, and strengthen the suspicion that ho intended, if tho Jameson raid had suc ceeded, to form an independent republic, with himself as a sort of perpetual president. Mr. Rhodos's speeches aro watched very closely by the Gorman prossandthe German Government, aud tho authorities at Berlin aro increasing their naval strength in South African waters. Thero has been a slight and casiljr suppressed disturbance in Bochuanulaud, and Mr. Garrett, the editor of tho Cape Times, has blown to tho winds Mr. W. T. Stead's "mystery," and lias shown that Mr. Cecil Rhodes was privy to the whole plot, although lie may have been opposed to the raid at the exact time it took place. The Cape Times recommends Mr. Rhodes not to at tempt to " bully tho British public," and I10 niuy rest assured tliat the inquiry into bis acts will bo thorough, and that if the allega tions <ugainst him be proved ho will not bo allowed to return to South Africa in ordor to do moro mischiof. Tho Ons Land , tho leading Dutch newspaper, warns Mr. Rhodes that his speeches and tho ovations which ho is receiving from tho British section of tho popu lation will bear bitter fruit in tho future. Mr. Rhodes is now in England, and has bad a long private interview with Mr. Chamberlain, who is resuming tho Rand Raid inquiry. The Indian National Congress is now sitting at Calcutta under tho presidency of tho Hon. Mi Saj'ani, a member of tho vico-rcgal council. Tho Congress lias' passed resolutions congratulating the Queen on tho attainment of tho 00th year of hor reign, and Mr. Glndfttono on his 87th birth day ; thanking Sir James Woddorbum and tlio other members of tho British committco ; de manding tho separation of tho judicial and executive functions in India ; that the resolution passed bj' Parliament in 1893 tliat thocivil service examinations should bo held simultaneously in England nnd India should be carried out ; that Indians bIiouUI not be excluded from the higher posts iu tho civil service ; that trial bj' jury should bo introduced, and that tho salt tax should bo abolished. A conference has boon held in London at which a resolution was passed, thanking tho Government for tho benevolent bolp it was giving towards mitigating the calamitous consequences of the present faminoin India, but at tlio samo time urging tlio Govern ment to tako steps to restrain tho drain of woalth from India, which is one of the causes of the frequent recurrence of such culumities. Thoro soetns littlo doubt that tho Indian National Conference represents tho collective opinion of tho educated natives. An American beirosft, 'daughter of the Ameri can millionaire, Captain "Ward, is the respon dent in a divorco suit brought bj her husband, tho Princo do Caraman ot do Chimaj'. Tho lady is qow iu Hungftrj' with hor lover, tho former conductor of a band of gipsy musicians. Tho Buda-Peath papers say that a few days ago an elegantly dressed couple arrived at Stuhl- woissonburg, tlio gentleman being verj' good looking. They wero accompanied by a maid and had a great deal of luggago. They alighted at tlio principal hotel and cngagod a suite of apartments. In tho evening thej ap peared in a box at the theatre, whoro tho lady attracted universal attention, owing to her mag nificent diamonds. .. Tho head of tho polico mado inquiries and obtained the Following par ticulars from the gentleman: — "My name iB John Rigio. I was born in this town in 1858. My parents aro gipsioa. Asamomberof a gipsy music band I have travelled through England, iranco and German j'. Sinco 1893 I have boon conductor, and mado thoacquaintanco at a Paris restaurant where I was playing of the Princo and Princess Chimaj'. The princess fell in love with me, and-, left hor husband some time ago. Sinco thon wo liavo been living together, and when tho divorco suit is ovor wo shall bo married." The couple havo alrcadj' visited the parents of Rigio, and it is said to havo been a touching scene wlion tho elegantly dressed lndj' embraced hor futuro paronto-in-taw. The gipsies have arranged n futo in honor of Rigio. The princess was married nix j'ears ago, and is now onlj' 22. Hor husband is 33. Sho has handed over half hor fortuno (£75,000) to her two children. Tho romance of Christmas has boon height ened by the discovery of a haunted house in tlio villago of Edithwcston, in Rutlandshire. This particular ghost occupies itsolf chiefly with knocking at 'doors, and iu tlio houso in question most uproarious noises liavo been heard at all hours of tho day and night. Tlio closest investigation has been made, but up to the present 110 apparent reason for the noises has been discovered. The persons who have "endeavored to solve the inj'sterj' includo tawj'orb, doctors, clcrgj- men, polico officers and otlujr men who are ac customed to examine into evidence, anil none of them have been able to elucidate the mj'storj'. The knocks have been beard ovor and over again in broad dajdight bj groups of men who wore standing within a yard or two of the door. Oc- casionallj tlio sounds would couio opparcntlj' from tho inside of a small cuphonrd, which was opened immediately after wards, but without discovering anything to account for tho remarkable occurrences. I11 numerous instances the sounds havo been heard 150 j'urds away. It seems to be quite impos sible that the noises nro the result of practical joking, or tho perpetrators must incvitablj' liave been caught beforo this. One of tho doors lias recently been varnished, and ono day loud and repeated knocks wero heard, but the most careful examination immediately afterwards to see if marks could bo found on the varnish or 011 tho wood proved futile. One resident in the neighboring town of Stamford has inter viewed a large number of tho inhabitants of Edithwcston and the neighborhood, and his inquiries clearly show in tho first place that nearly every person in the parish has heard tho knocks over and ovor again, and in tho Becond place that no ono can give a reasonable explana tion of thorn, I Hupposo the. mj'sterj' will sooner 'or later be solved, but at present it nppcara to bo inexplicable. Dr. Frithof Nansen is expected to arrive in England in tho courso of a few days, and will bo tho guest of Sir Baden Powell. Ilis life, which has just been written by Messrs. Briigger and Nordahl llolfsen, and translated bj Mr. "William Archer, represents the great explorer as a man possessing all the spirit of a viking, and combining consummate intelligence with absolute intrepidity. Ho was born at Great Froon, in West Akcr, in October, 18U1, and his youth was spoilt in tlio wild' aud open- country. "When studying at Nordrnarken ho delighted in exploration, and was accustomed to spend weeks alone in the forest, leading a Robinson Crusoe like life, living in the roughest way and subsisting on raw fish. Ho shipped on board a sealing vessel bound for tho Arctic regions, and had an experience in seal and bear hunting which proved very useful to him sub- Bcquently. On his return, when only 21, ho was made curator of tho Bergen Museum, and spent some months in the Zoological Station at Naples. Ho conceived the idea of crossing Greenland, and left Norway in June, 1888, with that object, returning in 1889. Ho wrote an nccount of iiis journey and married the same year, nnd in 1890 dovcloped his plans for attempting to reach the North Pole. Nansen spent the interval between Ifis return from Greenland and tho departure of the Fram in writing his book on Greenland, his work on Eskimo Life, in lectures and in travel. His book 011 tho Eskimo gives a . remarkable insight into his character. His . views on Christian missions are so diametrically op posed to the accepted doctrines that if he had bad popularity in view lie would never have written ..such n book, or at any rate lie would have kopt his heresies in tho background. But ho gavo free rein to his enthusiasm ou the ono hand and to his audacity on the other. The. life of Nansen is of more than passing value to students of Arctic travel and to all who admire courage, determination and onduranco. Liliuokalani, tho ex-Queen of Hawaii, lias nrrivod iu San Francisco 011 her way to "Wash ington, whither she is proceeding for tho pur pose of asking tho United States Government to annex tho islands. Her doparture from Honolulu was vory sudden, and sho was only attended by her maid and valet. Colonel M'Farland, who was chamberlain to tho late King Kalakaua, received the ex-quccn on hor arrival at San Francisco. It is said /that if sho should succeed in bringing about tho annexation of Hawaii to the United States she will receive an annual pension of £2000 from tho Govern ment of Hawaii. It is possible that after hor business at Washington is completed she may come to London. Dr. Raffel, the successor of Herr Schmidt in the presidency of tho municipalitj' of Apia, wilt not arrivo there till the ond of March, although the retiring president was to leave in January. During tho interval the dutieir of the post will be porformed by tho coubuIs of tho three powors, as in 1891, and they will also assume tho duties of chief justico, us the succossor to M. Ido is not likelj' to bo ap pointed beforo April. This singular stato of things is due to tho desire to effect ccouoinies as tho financies of the islands nro not at all flourishing. No disturbances have occurred, but times aro bad, owing to tho uncertainty of tho situation, and tho public health is far from satisfactory. Mr. Lloyd Osbournc, tho stepson of Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson, has been ap- pointed Deputy Coiiaul- Ootiorui of tho United . States at Apia. 