'G-emrs-iN -England Wardley-hall, near Manchester, which belongs to the Earl of Elles mere and the trustees of the Duke of Bridge-vater, is being modern ised and repaired, in order that Mr. J. Cairns, thp outside manager .*._.» ?-«*_ *ji lu^unaif I I! USWrvS, JlItLV take up his residence there. The house, which lies near the main road, leading; from Manchester to the north, and but a few minutes' walk from the ill-fated Sand hole colliery, Walkdeu, which has been on tire nearlv three months, is famous as 'one of England's haunted homes. Jn a glass box is kept what is deemed the cause of many strange dis turbances — aaniely, a skull, said to be that of one Roger Dovrnes. a 'rake-hell ' Cavalier of Charles the Second's Court, and the last of an old family. After gambling and drinking one night Downes walked out with a drawn sword, swearing to kill the first man he met, and kept his word, his victim boincj a poor tailor. By Court influence he avoided punishment for his crime, and pursued his career more wildly than ever. One evening, shortly afterwards, his sister and cousiu,who nvea at \\\ aruiev-naii, were sur prised to receive a strange-looking box by the1 waggon from Man chester. Oil opening- it they were horrified to find inside a grinning skull, and a communication in a quaint, crabbed hand, to the effect that it was Roger Downes's head. He had been killed in a brawl on London Bridge, his head cut off, his l-ody thrown in the Thames — the writer, an eye-witness of the affair, forwarding it to Wardley with the significant announce ment, ' Heaven has avenged the innocent blood which he has shed.' His relatives tried to keep the story a secret, but in vain. ' No grave,' says ' Harland's Lancashire Legends.' ' would hold the head ; no triple locked box of iron would keep it captive.' There was no rest till it was placed in the window of the library, its eyeless sockets looking out over the domain it formerly ruled. Two centuries and more have passed, and any attempt to disturb the skull has always iiiuu^iu uiattoLvi upoii me U15 turber. At least such is the fixed belief of the country side. One man attempted to break it up, but was taken with violent pains in his limbs as though being cut to pieces, while even to remove the skuil from its accus tomed resting-place is said to have caused terrible thunderstorms and disturbances in the district. Thomas Burnitt, the Manchester antiquary, paid Wardley-hall a visit at the close of the last century, and wrote of the skuil as ' a surprising and most unusual piece of household furniture.' Ke adds that one of the party removed it from its position to a dark comer. That uiuht a violent storm arose — 'trees were Mown down and coitayes unroofed,' but on tlic skull boino- returned to its accu-tomed place 'these dis turbances ol .Nature ceased. .Such are some of the str;-ncre stones cou \--eruinLr Wavdlcy - h;tl], and il,-/ inhabitants round about implicitly believe them. Wlu-ilirr the alii r ation in tin? eld niansion rill aunov the ' spirit cf t!u- m,iiI!' yet re mains to bo s.-cn. Lilt in any case, owing to its pa-t h'Storv. the old place vi ill always h» of interest. 