THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stones are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up aoaoog the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is aaid, have devoted ecoree of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows notbiDg about. Lately a German professor visited the ' adepts ' as these queer Hindus are called, for tbe purpose of finding out tbe secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather eoarvily, but inter ested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were ke^t. The place was dark as the bottom of well, 'I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. 'Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Se could not tell whence it oame, but bp noticed tbat it had one strange quality— a cast not tlve shgluest sluidow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and bigb character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except tbat all the lights you have seen bad cast shadows, Belief or unbelief commonly parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the acoount of the Lisbon earthquake, yet oredited tbe tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friendts tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What_ else bnt doubt could result from his experience. Take an example: — 'In the spring «-f 188S,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state, I felt low-spirited am! out of eoitc. At first my BtonsoW was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, end frt qneutlv spat up a sour fluid, a'.eo bitter bile. Latter on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits, I ktpt up with my work, but had always a seme of dUcomfort. Off and on I continued in this wav for two years, nothing tbat I took relinvine me. At last I heard of Mb' her Seigel'a Syrup, and procured a supply Aft«r I ha-t taken only a few doses I fouod relief ; my food digested, aud gradually all nervousntBS left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and it* power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrnp, I have been in tbe best of beat, h and spirits, in tbe interests of suffering humanity I deem it a doty, to send you this testimony, (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151\. Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Juue 8h, 189.VJ There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths candid letter and tbe story about He light that oast no shadow. The latter may be. true enough, bat it cannot be verified without more trouble 'than it is worth, on the other hand we have a trust worthy witness, who will answer letters ofj enquiry, and can be found at bis address. Finally, there is notMng my«tic or magical about Mother Soigel'a Curative Syrup, ' It acts on 'the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, f orrr e, or phase? ©f ..that universal disea'e—indigeBti on and dyspepsia ; it cures that, aud throws - the light otliealtband happineiB over hearths and homes where illness and pain bad oast cuch dark and lerrifj ing . enadows. An 1 tbat Is why people believe all that is told of its auooew by eager witnette*. 