^jmitc ©IjtutsUv After the way the dailies have turned ou tin; fallen, one hardly likes to say anything adverse about little Greece. liul that country only shows how impossible it is to create a nation without the proper material, and how the inter ivtuve of Turkish. Greek, Slav and Macedonian peoples which so disillusionized UVUON cannot create men after only a generation of freedom. The best test of nationhood is how it bears defeat. WLM.INGTON won the l'eninsula War by two years of retreat, and it seems pitiable to see ail Athenian crowd revenging its disasters bv uiobbing its future ijueen in the streets. Shude6 of Thermopylae ! The British Government is showing 110 niggardly spirit in its entertainment of the colonial Premiers at the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, having taken SO rooms for tlie colonial guests, to be divided into suites to suit the number of the entourage the Premiers will bring with tiiem. The l-oiidon papers, after speaking of Sir UF.onur TUHNEK and party, eay "the hotel lias been put in telephonic communication with the Koyul Mews, and 11) carriages have been provided by that establishment over aud above the usual number lor the use of the Queen's guests." Lord BUASSEV is showing his usual want of tact in plunging again into the fiscal issue. His lecture at the Fitzrov Town lTall, coming from a man who in England is strongly partisan in his views, carries no authority; and onlv shows that the Governor is determined to add another to the two volumes of " The Speeches of Lord Brassev " which are so splendidly bound, aud of which the binding is the principle feature. The CHAMPION respectfully suggests that if Coroner Glioci cannot be deposed from his office, he should he gagged. At the inquest ou the bicyclist 011 Monday his garrulity aud mis-pluced jocularity were more than ordinary painful. If the man has 110 sense of the dignity of his position, and 110 sympathy with the relatives of the victims of Fate, he should not be permitted to hold his ofliee any longer. * The high-class Argus picks out of its divorce reports a case in which some well-known families were interested, and puts it at the top of a column, with a flaming head-line, "Society Divorce Case;" the lowclass Ar reports it in the ordinary way, without prominently advertising the scandal. On Saturday, at Mr. Fntviss's lecture, the Melbourne public will have an unusual treat. They are accustomed to finding the eutertainers piloted by Mr. R. S. SMYTH t: well worth listening to from the point of mere entertainment, but. the present show will be a good deal more than that. The lecturer's connection with that peculiar product of British (want of) humour, Loudon Punch, does not prevent Mr. FCUNISS being in reality a fellow of infinite jest. As Punch's Parliamentary caricaturist he had unrivalled opportunities for getting an unbiassed view of English polities, llis lecture 011 the Humours of Par- liument will bring before his audience the giants of the great world, and give those who only know them as names in fablegranis an ineide view of the personal peculiarities that count for so much in the political hurly-burly. No intelligent reader of the CiiAMi'lON (and of course they are all intelligent) will miss the chance. Although there may be no doubt but that a shoemaker should stick to his last, it is open to serious question whether a cooper should show an unquenchable love for his cask. At the beginning of this week THOMAS MAHTIN, a cooper, was charged with insulting behaviour. In this case that unbigoted accusation I meant " smashing a bottle of beer close to a constable's foot." MAHTIN was intoxicated to a great altitude at the time, but bis defence was neat and showed a certain j auiount of resourcefulness. JTe said that by smashing the bottle of beer he meant that he was giving up tlie drink. Then, as usual, a sub-inspector Something lifted up his voice and said that he " knew defendant and his family well " years ago somewhere or other, aud thi( particular sub-inspector said that LLAIMX's family were very respectable and that MAHTIN himself had " given way to heavy drinkiug following on a career as temperance lecturer." The cooper was fined half a sovereign for cherishing too ardent a passion for the cask, but whether or no he is going to resume temperance lecturing we were unable to ascertain from Mr. J. 1'. T. CAI'I.I IEI.D up to the time of going to press with this issue. An advertisement we might almost say an appeal in the matrimonial section ot Saturday's Ag? seems to suggest that sometimes when Love's young dream is concerned Time is indeed the essence of the contract. It reads this way : T ADY.OO, educated, active, economical, re»idiut- -1-1 own ],roperty, income tint yearly, elilcriy educated Slau, similar income, view matrimony. She's CO and yet active, and she has £60 a year and asks 110 more of him. Perhaps, as she is also economical, they may do wonders with the £120. It's on interesting little appeal, and we hope it will be quickly and successfully answered, for nt three-score Time is indeed the essence of tlie contrnct.. Will tlicy when they meet, we wonder, tell each other all about I'll tlie loves in each of their lives, or will they begin at 00 anil treat the Past as a landslip 'i Probably the latter. But it matters not. Another matrimonial advt. in the same column, evidently composed by an epicure, runs thus: - BACHELOR, 35, fine looking, well connected, unburn ordark lady,as housekeeper, viewcarlr The ''fine-looking" bachelor, who is well connected and wants an unburn or dark housekeeper, with view to early marriage, has been absent from the columns of the daily papers for some time now, and it is questionable whether his return is altogether desirable. It's a queer advt. for a leading paper anyhow. It is aunounoetl. that Judge HAMII.TON is the latest victim of the-PIeasant Sunday Afternoon craze, having arranged to speak at 1'rahra.n ou the first Sunday in June. It is a very great pity that there is not Borne monthly lecture society in Melbourne, where any man of importance and intellect can deliver his message to his fellows. The l'.S.A. Movement, although it has attracted such men of heterodox opinions as DEAKIN and Justice WILMAMS, must, with its religious surroundings and ecclesiastical setting, deter a speaker from developing his best and fullest ideas. Conio writes :—" Last week a Geelong clergyman told me that. Hiiiuiss had disappointed a lot of Conservative friends by his Radical conduct and, further, on my pressing him, that he had voted for HIGGINS although lie talked Protection because he did not know that M.L.A really meant it. And thus Churchy men do vote in Victoria. If they think a man a pure opportunist, they support him, but if he is genuine in his announced principles, nt the nest election they vote for the other iellow. The movement which is a^uin on fool to establish a new Conservative daily in Melbourne will receive scanty support from DAVIH SVJIE. It will be noticed that, probably on account of the distressed condition of the Jitfus, the Age has recently been very forbearing in its tone. The reason, of course, is that the Artjus is the best,, because weakest, opposition the Kadical daily could have, and it certainly has no desire to hasten on the Argus obsequies, and so give room for a vigorous opponent to exist. The A njui is haunted with the ghosts of the past, while its future—but it has none. A Bulletin advertisement :— A. G. STEPHENS, LITERARY AGKNT. Authors advised. MS. criticised and edited. Publications arranged tor. Expert assistance ill mattery literary and artistic. Confidential commissions nndertaken. Postal Address : GEOKGE-ST. KTH. P.O.. SYDNEY. Interviews by appointment. Fees on application. Mr. A. G. Stephens is the oracle who runs the Bulletin's erratic Red Page. " Literary agent! " Manuscriptural midwife) Pah! "An ounce of civet, good apothecary! " An " At Home" is given to the Right Rev. ])r. GHEEN, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, on Thursday of this week, by the Guild formed in connection with St. Peter's, Eastern Hill. Dr. GKEE.V will give some particulars of his missionary diocese, so that much interest will be taken bv his manv friends and admirers. 