, MERSEY MARINE HOARD. Tlio monthly mooting of tlio aliovo wns hold at West Dovonport yestordny nftor- nonn. Present : Tho Mnstor Wardon (Ciiptnin Drake) nnd Wardens. McOall, Atkinson, Oookor, and Gilison. An apology wns rocoircd from Warden Murray: Tlio soorotnry (Mr F. A. Pndfluld) wns nbsont through illness, nnd Warden Atkinson was appointod to tho duties at tho mooting. 'Warden McCnll said that in Juno, 1896,'- they lind to go in for retronchment, but now thoir rovonuo was of suoli a nature ns to pay a fair salary to thoir har bormaster. Since tho affairs hud taken a turn for tho hotter, tho least tlioy could do was to mako up to tho harbormaster tho salary' ho should hovo rocoivod. Ho moved that tho harbormaster's salary bo computed ns from 1898 ; that wns that tho harbormaster's loss in salary bo mndo up, nB if no roduotion had boon made.— War. don Atkinson seconded. Warden MeCall had given notice of tho motion. — Wardon Oockarsnidtlionttondiincownsrnthorsniall. — It wns pointed out that only Wardens Murray and Rudgo woro absent.— -Warden Cockor said tlioy bad to bo caroful in looking at tho matter, although lie recog nised that skiMed labor was worthy of its hiro. It looked peculiar tlint a littlo while ago tlioy wore calling, out about their wharves falling into disroptiir, and now tlioy proposod granting a bonus. Perhaps tlio matter could remain in abey ance. — Wnrdon Atkinson said tho ques tion was, was tho oflico worth tho lnonoy. Pcoplo Bnid it was, nnd that tlioy woro lucky in having s'ucli an official.— Wnrdon MoCall said tlint, if ovon tlioy did not linvo a ghost of a wharf, it was no reason why Captain Murray should bo robbed. They woro simply doing an net of ' justicu. Tho wharros were a big question, and it was not by cheesopnring that they could got thorn into a proper state. Tlioy had reduced other servants, but lie did not propose ' to deal with them, as ho considered they woro receiving fair' pay. — Warden Cocker ad mitted tlio salaries tlioy paid woro low, but thoy did not liavo such n rovonue ns Launcostdn. However, ho would vote for tho motion.— Tlio motion wns carried unanimously. Wnrdon McOall gnyo notico of motion —"That tlio resolution passed by the lionnl, ro offices on tho wharves, bo roscindcd, nnd that spneo for them be granted at certnin rentals." — Tlio Master Wnrdon remarked . that room could ho found for tliein without interfering with whnrfnge aecommodntion." ' Wardon Cooker gave notico of motion— "That this board get out plans and speci- floations for" wharf oxtonsion of 300ft south of the Don Trading Co. 's wharf stores, a true lino bo struck from tho S.E. point of sueh proposed extension to tho N.E. oxtremo point of tlio present wharf with tho view of continuing n con- oroto wall, extending along the front of tho whnrf, nnd at such a distance there from aa to give greater depth of wharf accommodation, such proposed extension to lie a concrete outer wall and filled in with soil, ivhen consolidated tlio top to be content concrete, covered . with a circular roof, iron columns, single iron frame, and covered with galvanised iron ; that this plan be adopted for continuing tho outer wall, removing tho present sheds, inoluding tho Don storos, nnd covering the wholo yard and whnrf with n circular roof. That the. Govornmont he induced to compensate the owners of tho Don stores. Thnt provision bo mndo for oollocting storage on all produce which will of necossity pass under' tho roof. That tho Govornmont ho nsked to contri bute £1 for £1." He roforrod to tlio in crease in tho amount of revenue from coal, <£c, — -After n desultory conversation tho _ matter was postponed until tlio motion enmo on for consideration. The engineer roported : — During, tho month the ongines wore running 81 hours 35'minutos. Eevoral links and pins were taken' out and replaced. On tho 6th inst tho boilers were blown down and examined internally. Sovoral small ro- paira woro effected, and the machinery is now in good order. Tho master of tho drodgo Davenport reported that during April 48 loads of slunglo had been lifted: The dredge had worked 200ft past the Thomas street wharf, caro being taken not to disturb tho piles, Tho harbormaster roported that during tho month tho dredgo Davenport and the burge Agnew. had been in good order, and would soon complete dredging at the Police Point. Evorytliing in connection therewith wns working well, and giving every satisfaction. All other work in tho rivor had boon onrofully attended to. It was agreed that in future tho board meet oil thu third Monday in enoh month. Accounts nmounting to £345 6s lid woro passed for payment. The board then roBB. 