? Igolmbi Boost, TOORAK, WEDNESDAY MYDEAR|M AB,—Iso one quite knows whether to believeone statementthat the Duke and Duchess of York are coming to Aus tralia this year or the contradictory assertion that "no official information has been received on the matter." A lady tells me that in the sixties there was the most intense excitement while the Duke of Edinburgh was visiting Australia, and my informantbas many delightful stories of the extraordinary things people did in their attempts to fret souvenirs from the Duke's cabin on the Galatea. But the Duke of Edinburgh, now the Duke of Saxe-Coburg, was not even a remote successor to the Crown of England, while the Duke of York is in the direct line of succession. It will be a great 2omfort to many loyal Australians should they get a glimpse of the future King and Queen of England, and the Duke of York will no dcubt be astonished at the even greater enthusiasm of Australians than when he was here before as Prince George. The fortunate society girls who had the honour of dancing with the then Sailor Prince have treasured their programmes religiously. It was only the other day that I saw one of these beautifully framed in its proud owner's room and regarded by her as a precious possession. Curiosity to see various ladies well-known to society gave additional interest to the first production of " The Prisoner of Zenda." " The play's the thing" bad not its usual significance for the ladies of the D.C. audience, and it was amusing to note their feverish excitement in the dressingroom. One would have thought they bad come to assist at a wedding or some other equally great event in the lives of the stage debutantes. Mrs. Maesmore Morris is a clever poseur and managed her court train with admirable grace, as indeed did all the other ladies. The men in the same scene were most successful in keeping off the court trains. In real life the average man cannot help coming to grief over a lady's train, which was ever a trap for unwary masculine persons when those unnecessary draperies were in fashion. The stage debutantes m the Winter Palace scene had to undergo long and dreary rehearsals, which, however unpleasant to them, were necessary to the perfec-. tion of an important Princess' Theatre production n However, some of the debutantes looked lov ily, and will neednofurtherrehearsalshouldtheyev argoto London and be presented at the Queen's Drawing room. The art of stepping backwards gracefully when in Court Dress is an accomplishment not acquired in a day. If one could find a fault with the ladies on Saturday nigh tone would say their makeup was not as professional as it should have been, One of them who always is a striking figure in Collins-street, and possesses a lovely complexion, looked positively ghastly, and another, probably from nervousness, had the startled, drawn look ot a ghost seer. Such loving admirers of Mrs. Potter should havo studied her make-up more closely. One of our critics says Melbourne is the most money-grubbing community in the world. In reply to . that it is pleasant to note that a number ve of ladies and gentlemen have organised a society for astronomical observation. Whether they will go out together o' nights to see stars, or pursue their scientific studies separately, remains to be seen. The one individual most interested in the success of thenew society should be Mr. Baiacchi, the Government Astronomer, who has had some very painful experiences of popular ignorance of astronomy. Until recently the poor man was worried out of his life bi-monthly by dreadful youths and maidens who, in some mysterious fashion, had obtained orders to view the Government telescope. The majority had an idea that a peep through it would disclose not only scenery equal to that of a pantomime, but expested to see the man in the moon winking at them. To express their disappointment various larrikins used to hang on to the iron lattice protecting the reflector and threaten to smash expensive Government property. A society for investigation of astronomical problems was indeed badly needed. A perfect society hostess may be studied in the person of Lady Hunstanton, as played by Miss Watt-Tanner in A Woman of No Importance." On the stage she is an ideal British matron, and o one would ever suspect that she was born in he North-Eastern district of Victoria, and has ived all her life in Australia. We have many uch hostesses in Melbourne society, who, between he hospitable wish to see that their guests are mused, and a burning desire to know what pvery an is saying to every woman, paee an unenviable time. " We are going out to see the stars, Lady Hunstanton," says one of her ladyship's guests. " Yes," she replifc?, as if in league with the clerk if the weather, "there are quite a number out to-night. 1 ' What a pity average society people cannot talk ascle.\rly as they do in " A Woman of No Importance." One would then forgive them for chattering at the theatrt and in church for the sake of hearing clever epigrams an d delightful cynicisms, sufficiently suggestive to be easily remembered. Were this so, it would be indeed tiue that " to be out of society is a iraged\\." At ptesent, and for conversational reasons, it is complete happiness, Florence Young said "grrd-bye" to the Melbourne stage last Friday night, carrying with her the good wishes of a sympathetic audience. Flo. can well afford to give up the \ rofession, as her husband's income is jg14,000 a year. It was at the Princess' that she made her debut as Casilda in ' I he Gondoliers," which character she played as a nervous simple maiden unused to the fierce limelight that beats upon the stage, but since that eventful evening she has developed into a clever artist, whose voice will be a distinct lost to the lytic stage. It was most appropriate that the eurtaiu should fall on a wedding scene and a rain of lovely flowers impart!ally distributed amongst the principals by the audience regardless of expense. During one of'the hot days of last week a handsome and matronly-looking woman git into a S*. Kilda tram on her way to catch a steamer to •Sorrento. Sr.e wos provided for all sorts of weather, and her baggage was a pretty little satire on the kind of climate we have had this mmiiifr. She was in a smart summer costume, but had added to it a fplendid fur boa, and Elected " Chairman " of the Newtaam Board of Advice Mrs. Christian it the first lafly selected pnsition. Her hutband ?s President cf t Shire. Vandysk Ph her baggage included, besides a liberally-filled luncheon basket, a heavy 'possum rug, a rain cloak, a red sunshade, an umbrella and a sealskin jacket. Every woman smiled as she sat down on the space usually occupied by two people, and the men laughed at the poor president woman from behind their screens of mbrnmgiij^wapspirs. Mademoiselle D reyfuVjiate Tjeen'W^jWlesford for her holidays, and while there learn&to; r^de a bicycle. She should look';v$rjr p^U^heel.^and I have no doubt will very nasily feucceed.-in being the smartest dressed cycliste in MelbourpeCPretty women like Mdlle. Dreyfus are und^iable arguments in favour of the pastime forlhe sex. It is hardly fair, perhaps, to tell even members of the Ministry, for from them as to others the secret is being well and carefully kept, but it would never do that Sir George Turner should, when in England, learn from the cold, unsym- • pathetic cable what be may have now. on my assurance. Mr. Peacock,the bachelor confirmed, is about to marry a charming CrPswickgirl. Thedateisnot fixed, but greater federation will follow probably close on the heels of the lesser one now so occupying the minds of politicians. What more appropriate time for 6uch an event than when Mr. Peacock has been returned at or near the head of the poll for the Federal Convention ? And in the utumn Sydney is a delightful place, whether the Convention consists of two or twenty. Melbourne photographers are appreciated in London and are being extensively advertised by iss Hilda Spong and Decima Moore, both of hom use the artistic portraits taken of them hen in Australia. The better light here han in the Big Smoke has mu".b to do with the superior Australian pictures, and some of our photographic artists also understand thoroughly the secret of posing their patrons for pictures. Mrs. Potter never had better photographs than those taken in Melbourne, and Sarah Bernhardt^ Australian pictures form her sole collection for public exhibition. The Countess of Hopetoun also was enthusiastic over the work of a popular Collins -street photographic firm, and took away with her a great number of her own portraits for friends in London society. All the Maoriland girls are partine their hair on one side, after the fashion set by Mrs. Potter, and are dressing in those clingsome kind of gowns affected by the beautiful American. This style of dress suits Mrs. Potter to perfection, and she is goodlooking enough to be also suited by her original hair-dreusing. Those who copy her will need be careful, or they will look frights. Mrs. Potter kno * s what she can wear successfully, but all her imitators do not. Amongst tbe well-known Melbourne people in thH Winter Palace scene iu Tbe Prisoner of Zenda" are the son and daughter-in-law of a lately deceased bank manager who was celebrated for his artistic taste, and a St. Kilda Johnnie with a very decent income, who has gone on for the sake of the novelty of being behind the footlights. I quote with patriotic pride the following from a Loudon newspaper in reference to Miss Hilda Spong :—' What sort of actress Miss Spong is I don't know—I haven't been in the ' Lane' yet. I happened, however,'to see her off the stage the other day, and I can tell you she is a really beautiful woman. No beautiful woman can ever be an absolute failure on the stage so long as there are women in the audience. And though, no doubt, the more petty-minded of us will try to depreciate Miss Spout's beauty, we shall ail go to see her." Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew have, through a kind friend in Maoriland, made a lucky commercial spec., which will be a useful souvenir of their present visit to Australia.—Yours ever, MINETTA. MBS. H H. CHRISTIAN, 