THE HOUSE OF BLOOD. Tus Boues. The country folks would point at it and say that the western windows dripped with blood at sunset. Then they would direct attention to the corn fields around, where the poppies grew so thickly. They spoke of strange figures that had been seen in the blue oha dows ctf the pine trees. No man of them would walk past the house by night, and, if the master wanted any repairs done within, no man would do a whole day's work, lest the twilight should steal upon him there. He was a young Mlaster-the last, it was hoped, of that ill-fated race. In the large, silent house he Eat alone, sur rounded by the ghosts of his ances'ore,. How many of them had been murderers or suicides ? It was in the blood, and since the last double tragedy he had been shunned by rich and poor. The rich avoided him because a man whose father had first murdered his wife and then cut his own throat was no compa nion for their daughters. The young man's melancholy, haunting eyes, his solitary habits, the stories afloat about him and the queer old man-servant who lived with him at the house-these things made hint an outlaw of society. The poor would have nothing to say to him because of his evil eye, or of the devil with which his race seemed to eo possessed, or the ghosts. He used to sit in his large houee alone, listening to the rats rushing round the wainscot, and the shiver -of the pine trees outside. He had a book on heredity constanrtly in his hands. If his habits had been as well known as the legends about his forefathers, Racy's end would have been easy to prophecy. With a morbid, persistent fatalily he did everything that would be likely to lead to the crisis he drenooled.. Sometimes Racy wandered through the wood till lie came to a spot where red heath grew. From a certain spot it looked as if blood dropped from it; and there he always stayed watching, with his sad eyes fixed upon it. The fanoy of the country folk was his, too, and he went about gathering all the scarlet flowers, looking for everything red. He would unhinge his mind if not stopped in time. The red pimpernels that grew amongst the pine needles need to stare at him as he walked; he never ceme away without a handful of them. He gathered so many soarlet flowers that his path through the trees might be traced by fallen petals, like drops of blood to mark his way. Then he would return in time to see the san set in the roseate sky, and blazs from his haunted windows. He need to look at the house, and smile bitterly, and then go in and tell old Foley that he would never marry. "Naw, naw, blaster Racy," the old man would expostulate, "doant eso say that; it's a bonny bit lassie of a wife as ad be the makken of ee." "No, Foley, my man, I'll not be guilty of risking so much misery for a woman." The old man would shake his head and hobble away. He could not follow his young master's reasonings, and he knew nothing of heredity. 