Where the Cuinp-Sre^ buru. Where the camp-fires bum by the lonely track at the oloj»e of a lonely day, And the shadows gather again outback on tlia traveller's dreary way ; Once mortt the traveller's thoughts take wings and back to the old times fly. And rake from the ashes of dead past things thb life of the years gone bye ! He thinks once more of what should have been—successes that lievur came— Of Honor and Love in a brighter scene that sank in a flood of shame. The reckless follies and years misspent when the star of iiis life rose high — The careless pleasures that came and went, and hopes that were^born to die ; Of nights in town with the old-time " boys "—Women and Cards and Wine ! Ever it is that early joys are drowned in tears of brine ] • .For thoughtless errors in Life's dull tmck the wages of sin we earn, And many a payment, is made Out Back to- night—where the campfires burn ! In the glow of the living coals maybe a girl's fair face will rise ! That love of the past in his memory shall linger until he dies—• For a heart's, true love .in the early years to the after years shall cling; - And bring with its memory bitter tears that other- thought may bring 1 For a prize -we lose—with ourselves to blame—we suffer a keen regret, When the pride and passion that died in 6harue are strong in the memory yet I And ghosts of the sweetest dreame that died come back in the waning light; Through the flickering shadows they strangely glide—where the campfires burn to night. Tbe camp-fires turn till they slowly die—the embers are charred mid black!— And dreams that deep in the dead past lie will never again come bank. And brightest hopes of the long-ago have long'lain cold and white, And dead as the ashes that lie below where the camp-fires blamed tonight! There are sheep to shear and a cheque to earn ere the sheds '"cut out" this year ; But many a camp-fire yet must burn ere the shearing time is here !— In a howling spree whete the shearers . "sink" their cheques there's a brief respite. ' From the haunting Past, for the men who think, where die camp-fires burn to-night J White Cliff Opal Fields. R, B. Hoffman, in the Sydney Bulletin. 