THE DECLINE OF PESSIMISM IN ENGLAND. That pessimism has declined amongst the intel- lectual section of the British public during tho last year or two can now scarcely be doubted. The cui bono spirit engendered by tho over hastily applied teachings of tho Darwinian dis- coveries, and the cold materialism of the ultra - scientific school, have given place to a conviction that there in something in man higher than mere matter, and to a belief in an intelligent control- ling power, which, in tho words of Matthew Arnold, " makes for righteousness." One result of this change is that already a warmer spirit of humanitarianism prevails throughout the country, and almost every persou of means takes an interest in philanthropic work of one kind or another. Science has ceased to absorb, though it has been by no means abandoned, and tho statements of its professors are no longer taken without question. The evolutionary theory has been accepted with some modifications bj a large majority of thinkers, but there are many writers who, like tho late Professor Drummond in his " Ascent of Man," contend that though man's physical development has practically reached its highest point, his spiritual growth is as yet only in its earliest stages. Such writers point out that the "struggle for existence," " survival of the fittest " theory fails to explain many things which occur in human life. For instance, if every man were struggling for his own selfish aims alone there would not be martyrs in the world, or persons who sacrifice their own fortunes and comforts for the benefit of others. Many thousands of per sons have died in defence of principles—patriotic, religious, or what not—who, if they had been actuated by the selfish motive of securing their own material well- being, would have abandoned principle and done that which was most expedient from the selfish point of view This is not, perhaps, a particularly heroic age, yet every day sees actions done in which there is absolutely no trace of selfish motive, and there fore it must be admitted that the struggle-for existence theory breaks down completely who applied to tho highest side of human life. The clearer recognition of this fact has dulled the point of the arguments of pessimistic materialists who saw in man merely a highly-developed animal, driven here and there by primitive instincts amd passions, and struggling blindly in a chaotic world which had no intelligent beginning, but was merely tho result of chemical attractions an repulsions. Another matter which may be held to have weakened tho materialistic position was the failure of the scientists to explain mental phenomena satisfactorily. Their explanations with regard to matter were reasonably conclusive, but when the; came to deal with mind they were baffled. Some of their theories designed to explain how thought arises might possibly be allowed to pass, but they failed completely to explain the moral or spiritual nature in man, which often imparts to its possessor a much greater influence over his fellows than mere intellect. It could not be contended, for in stance, that our present Queen is a highly intel tactual woman ; but, on tho other hand, it cannot be denied that she has exercised an enormous in fluence for good over many millions of people in many parts of the world. It certainly was not her intellect which gave her this influence, but her high moral character, which is not necessarily the outcome of a large or highly convoluted brain. Another example of moral force versus intel- lect may be obtained by comparing Bismarck and Gladstone. The former is certainly the intellec- tual equal to the latter, but to-day his influence is almost nil, and he is passing to his grave an unloved, unloving man : whereas Mr. Glad- stone's influence is still enormous, and he is loved and revered by his own country men and by many people of other nationalities. The materialists, it is pointed out, failed to explain the connection between mind and matter ; they also failed to present an intel- ligible explanation of the first beginnings of the universe and of life on this planet, and this has long been a weak point in their position, which their opponents, the optimists, were not slow to point out . The discoveries of tho Röntgen rays and the "new" telegraphy, whereby messages can be sent through solid bodies, had an indirect influence in counteracting pessimism, for they demonstrated afresh our extreme ignorance of natural forces and the limitations of our senses. A few years ago the statement that an electrical current could be sent through solid bodies without tho use of wires would have been received with incredulity ; but we now know that Marconi's discovery has demon- strated tho possibility of sending intelligible mes- sages through seven solidly-built walls of the London G.P.O., through hills half a mile in diameter, and also through tho bodies of living persons. The " spiritists " now say : " If Rontgen rays and electric currents can pass through solid bodies, why not ' ghosts,' as in the tales of our grandfathers ? And if our senses can- not inform us of the existence of these rays and currents, may they not also leave us in ignorance of the countless ' spirit ' forms and forces which are around us everywhere ?" That there may be some reason in these queries the average man is hardly prepared to deny. In the domains of human life and history, optimistic writers have shown that mere intellect has almost always proved misleading for those who trusted to its guidance alone, and further, that prosperity and happiness have never re- mained long with individuals or nations who have forsaken belief in a supreme controlling power. The ancient Egyptians believed in a Supreme ruler, or rulers, and possessed a pure and elevating religion, and as a nation they endured for an extraordinary long period—probably for 8000 or 10,000 years, if the indications of recent dis- coveries in tho Nile valley be accepted. The religious beliefs of the Persians and Arabs were also pure and elevating, and they endured for ages, whereas other Semitic races, such as the As- syrians and Phoenicians, whose religion was cruel and animalistic, were practically exterminated. The highly intellectual nations, ancient Greece and Rome, fell into corruption and decay, and were ultimately practically extinguished. They, holding man to be the supremest work of nature, idealised him, and set up art as the thing most to be admired, if not worshipped. They achieved great results, no doubt ; but apparently their foundation was unsound, for their human worship soon sank to sensuality, and art proved an unsatis- fying object of adoration. When Christianity began to make way in the Roman Empire tho civilised world was in a state of chaotic corrup- tion, which was a result of intellectual material- ism according to tho optimists and religionists. In later times the French Revolution was conducted in a spirit of atheism, which resulted in cruelty, oppression, and indifference to life. From these and similar examples it is argued that nations which abandoned religious beliefs of a simple and ele- vating kind were overtaken by ills sooner or later. Turning, then, to the case of individuals, it is not difficult to show that those who pursue a career of selfishness or oppression do not as a rule prosper continuously. The tyrant lives in hourly dread of assassination—and is frequently assassi- nated—the usurer, tho drunkard, tho debauchee, tho solitary who lives to gratify his own fancies solely, enjoy but little true happiness ; whereas, on the other hand, those who do what they can to aid their fellow-creatures, and further the interests of the community in which they live, meet with the largest measure of content. It can truly be said that tho struggling parents of six or seven children enjoy a much higher average of happi- ness than tho wealthy bachelor and spinster who spend large sums on their own comforts and travel restlessly over tho globe, seeking relief from the boredom which is always with them ; and this fact would seem to indicate that those are re- warded who carry out the natural law of rearing children to carry on tho world's work. Another matter which may be said to have imparted a check to pessimism is the fuller recognition of tho " divine discontent " in man. He " exults in his strength " as a youth, and derives much delight from athleticism and sports of all kinds ; but as he grows older these become less enthralling, and he turns perhaps to animality, and in gratifying his appetites finds a delirious but delusive pleasure. This soon fades, and with relief he enters on tho higher pleasures of tho intellect, and studies art, science, and tho history of his kind. He traces with pleasure the evolution of some art, such as sculpture, from tho crude designs of early Egypt to tho magnificent works of Phidias, or follows tho development of painting from tho earliest Italian to tho works of tho modern school. He philoso- phises with Plato and Aristotle, and discusses their rival theories, or he sympathises with tho scientists of the middle and later ages in their struggle with superstition and tyranny. "With wonder he reads of tho achievements and struggles of the human race, and in following the footsteps of tho great combatants—Alexander, Hannibal, Cæsar, Napoleon—he is carried away by enthusi- astic admiration for tho deeds of these great ones. For a time such studies enthral him, but sooner or later tho inevitable questions, " What purpose dominates creation ? " " To what end are we making ? " force themselves on his perhaps un willing mind, and in tho end he comes to per ceive that there is little more permanent solace in intellectuality than in animality, and in that un- satisfactory condition he remains if he continues a materialist. Haply, however, he may take another step, and find rest in that highest quality—which belongs to man alone of all earthly beings— spirituality. Accepting, then, the belief that a great, intelligent, and beneficent Power is shaping tho destinies of the race, and of every individual of the race, he endeavours to live in accordance with tho broadly-defined laws laid down for his guidance, and which he can now plainly see for tho first time, and in doing so finds tho world in a moment brighter. He realises that he need no longer rely on his own poor intellect for guidance, but "feels that he is supported and controlled by a power that is infinite. He rises above self, and takes a more kindly and lenient view of his fellow-men than was ever before tho case, and in helping to brighten the lives of even a few of them he feels that he is doing something towards furthering tho " great scheme." The foregoing maybe taken as a very imperfect outline of tho trend of thought in England, and as reproducing a few of tho arguments used by optimistic writers in combating pessimism. There are still many pessimists, of course, and these by no means tho least able of English writers. Mr. Grant Allen, for instance, states that " blank pessimism is tho only thing possible for all save fools," and delivers himself of the following lines : A crowned caprice is god of the world, On his stony breast are his white wings furled, No ear to hearken, no eye to see, No heart to feel for a man hath he. "While Mr. Edward Clodd, president of the Folk lore Society, and a most able writer on scientific subjects, has in a recent work stated that in fol- lowing matters religious or spiritual " man has been befooled by his senses." Many others whose views are similar might he mentioned ; but on the world optimism is in the ascendant, and a more hopeful tone prevails than was the ease a few years ago. In Germany and France, however, pessimism and agnosticism have maintained a firmer hold, and in tho former humanitarianism is still at almost as low an ebb as in tho " blood and iron " days of Bismarck. Still, here and there on tho Continent are coming forward writers like Maeter- linck, who, without reverting to dogmatic beliefs, declare that a great advance in spirituality is imminent. If their example be followed, Con- tinental thought may ere long commence to follow the more cheerful and hopeful trend that now prevails in Englatid. 