Readings in Catholic Doctrine. DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. Devotion to the Blessed Virgin rightly understood- for I do not speak of that which is merelv the creation of misun derstanding- or bigotry — arises natur ally from a rig-ht understanding- of who Mary is; and to get this right under standing we cannot do better than go to the Holy Eci-iptures. As our space is very limited, we will coniUie ourselves to the (iospels. Now, the Holy Gospels loll us tho-t Mary was a privileged person, 'Bleswc-d amongst women,' that is, according 10 the manner of speaking of the Jews, Blessed above or more than other wo men; they tell us that she was full of grace; that she conceived and bore a Son, not in the common way of nature, but as had been foretold centuries be fore in a manner above the order of na ture, by the power of God and the work ing- of the Holy Ghost— and that this Son was the Son of God. They tell us that at her salutation the infant Bap tist leaped for joy in his mother's womb, and Elizabeth herself was astonished that Mary should pay her a visit:— 'Whence is this to me, that the Mother of my Lord should come to me?' Mary, then, is an exalted person with dignity and privileges above other wo men — we may say, above the rest of mankind: and why? Because she is the Mother of Jesus. Who, then, is Jesus? He is 'God, blessed for ever;' God end less in all perfection, in wisdom, in holi ness, in mercy, in justice, in power. 'All thing's were made by Him, and without Him was made nothing that was made.' He is the Sovereign Lord of All in Whose sight the very angels are not clean, and 'all nations of the earth are but as a drop in the bucket.' Jesus is the Great God — and Mary is his Mother. As truly as God died for us upon the Cross, and by the Precious Blood oi! God made Man we are redeem ed, so truly is that God made Man the Son of Mary, and Mary the Mother oJl God. This is the secret of Mary's great ness, and source of all her Privileges she is the Mother of God. Compared with this dignity, that of the highest of the angels dwindles away as the lustre of the brightest star grows dim in the blaze of full moonlight. Mary the Mother of God! and — as far as this is possible — a worthy Mother o(! God, because lie Himself made her worthy. St. Augustine says: 'We know that more grace was given to her to conquer sin in every way, for this rea son, that she merited to conceive and bring- forth Him, Who, it cannot be de nied, was sinless.' So when the Arch angel was sent by God to announce to her the great tidings that she was to be the Mother of the Redeemer, he saluted her as already full of grace — already fit by her holiness that the Lord should look down upon the humility of His handmaid and do great things to her. But how must she have increased in grace during the months and years of closest union with Him; ministering to Him as no other creature had done or could do; loving Him with a Mother's love a thousandfold stronger than the love oi! other mothers, as He Whom she loved and knew so well was the more worthy of love; receiving from Him in return to love and God's love works, gives, it is never idle — a thousandfold and more above that given to other creatures, for she was more closely unit ed to Him than any other creature could be, and she had a claim upon His love on account of. the services she renaered to Him. If much was forgiven to Mag dalen because she had loved much, how much more must have been given to Mary, in whom thei'e was nothing to forgive? If the woman who touched the hem of our Lord's garment was at once cured of her bodily disease— a figure of the grace given to the soul — 'for virtue went out from Him,' what graces must not Mary have received, who for so many years nursed Him. tended Him, fed Him, ministered to Him, touching, fondling, caressing, caring for, not His garments merely, though they were, made by her hands— but His own sacred virgin Body? For Bis sake, then, because she is so dear to Him, she should be dear to us. The more we love Him, the more we shall love her, and, on the other hand, the more we love her, the more we shall love Him. Because of what she has done for God, our Redeemer, because of the love she has borne Him, and the {services slie has rendered to Him, be cause of the love He has borne and still bears to her— in a word, because she is His mother, therefore it is right and just that we should love her, honour her, reverence her in a manner becom ing her great dignity. From the motherhood of Mary, and from the fact that as Mother of God she took a veal, active, though of course se condary, part in our redemption, flows all Catholic devotion to the Blessed Vir gin. Now in what does this devotion con sist? It consists in a love and rever ence, both interior and exterior, higher than that given to any other mere creature because her dignity is higher and her relation to God closer than that of any other mere creature. 'Honour to whom honour is due,' St. Paul says, and to whom is It so due as to the Mo ther of God? The Protestant Bishop Pearson says! 'We cannot bear too ve veri?nd a regard for the Mother of our Lord, -so long1 as we give her not that worshkv which is due to the Lord Him self.' But that worship has no part in Catholic- devotion to the Blessed Virgin. We ne'lore God; we honour and rever ence the saints. There is but one God to Wham supreme worship is due— all else, Mavy included,, are mere creatures; to warship them would be Idolatry. But even to mere creatures 'honour is clue,' 'an inferior honour ar worship,' as our Catechism snys, far this is due to thorn (the nng'els and saints) as the servants and special friends of God. The words addressed by Catholics to the Blessed Virgin, at which Protestants are often so displeased, are really not more than could be, and often ax;e, used to our fel low-creatures in every-day life, and they generally refer to Mary's being the willing instrument of our salvation by her Divine Son. The invocation, or asking her to pray for us, forms another part of devotion to the Blessed Virgin. For the present it is sufficient to remind you that we be lieve in the 'communion of saints,' and that we 'are come to Mount Sion and to the city of the living God, the hea venly Jerusalem, and to the company of many thousands of angels, and to the church of the first-born, . . , and. to the spirits of the just made per fect.' But what communion have we with the saints and angels if not by prayer? Or can the devil know our thoughts when we address them to him, and must the Mother of God who in God sees all things, 'knowing even as she is known,' .must she be ignorant of them? This, then, is devotion to the Blessed Virgin as it is practised by Catholics. And not by Catholics only, but by far the greater part of Christendom. Thus is fulfilled the prophecy which Mary spoke when filled with the Holy Ghost: 'Be- hold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' (St. Luke I., 28). Let us be faithful in honouring- the Blessed Virgin, during this month of May, which is in a special manner dedi cated to her. 