The New Roman Catholic Church at Morpeth. . ? ? ; THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic Church (it Morpeth was to have been laid yester day by the Hight Rev. Dr. Dwyer, Coadjutor Bishop of Muicland, with the customary ceremony, but owing to the continuance of very heavy bhowera during: the morning, and more especially about the ?time when the procession of bishop, priests, and people ivould have to be leaving1 the church, the ceremony vtus ubundoned, and at aomu future date the buildiag will be blessed by the Bishop instead. Tho heavy ruin yesterday at Morpeth was preceded .by a ? hailstorm, a good quantity of bail falling fcuricu during the morning. In conBequence of thu untoward weather the old Church of So. Bede'a was not so well filled, ulthough there was Btill a very largo congregation, Tho want of a new church was forcibly illustrated during tho mornincr, rain coming through sevural putts of {.he old shingled roof, in which daylight was peeping in several places. iUnna, ivhicli commencdd nt t«n o'clock, whs cnlebrared by his LordRliip Dr. Dwyer, assiated by Father John O'Keilly, after which a most eloquent eertnon whs delivered by the Very Kev. Father O'Farrell, C.SS.B,, wJio ' succeeded in opening tho heaita of the con^regn tion to such an extent that in caah and promidus the sura of £490 was subscribed, which with X500 in hnnd will be a good start for cue. building fund. The site for the new church U alongside the con rent, only a short distance from the old church, and l'roin its elevation comm-iucU a splendid view of the surrounding landscape. The new church Wll I ltn flF tmvn Vtn nrianina /laainn 4*. Via v»1 nun Unin/- prepared by Messrs. Pander and Silk, of West Maitland. Tbe walla will be of double-preBsod bricks, with stone dressings. The contract for its erection was let to MessrB. Burg Broa. for wB2754 The committee who have had the mutter of the building iu hand consist of Messrs. Thos. Bourfae, Michael Hickoy, Mat Murphy, VvY Lowry, John Kolly, Alex. Leonard, John Hogan, and James Fepnoy, who have worked well together under tho guidance of the Very R«v. Father Corcoran, the popular priest of the parish. Ir is anticipated that tho church will take about twelve months to erect, and that it will be ready for opening about the end of next year. THE SERMON. Father O'EVmikbll read tho epistle of St. Paul to the Romans xi, 33-36 v., and the GpBpol of St. Muthow, xxviii., 18-20 v., — 'And J«bS coming, epolto to them, Baying, r.ll power is given to Me in heaven and in earth, going forth therefore, tench ye all nations, baptising them id tbe name ofthoFather, and of tho Son, und of tbo Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you. And behold, I am with you all days, even to tbo consummation of tbe world.' A CONSOLING! J?ROMtSB. He said s ' Behold, I ara with you nil days, oven to the consummation of tbe world.' My dear brethren in Jesus Christ,— These wordB are from the Gospel I have just read to you. Not in tbe whole ot tbe eaorud scriptures do we find so consol ing a promise made by God to man as wo have in this gospel. In the beginning, my dear brethren, it lrtiB God's plan to manifest Himself by a certain sensible presence to our first parents in Paradise before they bad sinned. 'Die Holy Scriptures tell U3 how He walked with' them in tho garden of ParadiBe, how ho spoke to them, bow this divine plan of Almighty God and His fuith in man with certain sensible bearings of His presence was frustrated by sin, and He withdrew thoso favours from man. god's presence avoretims. Afterwards, no doubt, such a manifestation of God's presenco was to, some extent restored, for we near of God walking with Enoch, and speaking to Noah and Abraham und Ieaao and f ncob, and again there wcra manifestations of God's presence to Moses, to Joahuu, to Elian, to Daniel, and to others of tho prophets, who dwelt therefore in the per manent abiding and in tbe senBiblo presence of God, There whs as we read certainly in the temple, and over what was oalled tho mercy seat over tho ark of the Covenant, a certain brilliant light not kindled by human bands. This burned night and day over tho Holy of Holies. And us indicating God's presence nu-n and women were proud of it for many centuries. '. ' ' TltB LATEST attACIOUS MANIFESTATION. '? But it was reserved for' our days — tbe days of new light — for God to rotiko Himself known, and to have given His presence to us, as it waa never known or felt before. The feelings of the time to come of which tho prophet spoke s ' And the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst ub.' Hero Was the presence different from anything in the world whioh had been known before Tho voioe that Bpoke to Adam in Paradisa was not really tho voioo of God.' The forms of tho burnincr bush from whioh oamo such manifestations of God's presence ' to Mosos were not tho substance, tho uncreated substance of God. But whon the Word becamo flesh in Jesus tho God-mnn, then did tho world ' really look upon God Himself as tho voioo that voioo that stilled thu storm and oalmad tho sea, as really and truly tho voioo of God. The hand that , was stretohed out to cure the blind, the sick, tho lamn, nnd tbo deaf, was then regarded ns tho hand of God. Tho oyes that looked up so lovingly into 1 the faco of Mary wore the oyes of God and tho voico nt wboBo call Pctor was oom . fortod, was truly the voico of God. Tho foet over whioh Mary Magdalone wopt wero truly tho foot of God. Tho heart that John loved was truly tho hoarfc of God, This was a now tlma for tho world \- . —tho tiino of rejoicing for all God's lovors. And now it waathis abiding, this pornmnont, sonBiblo I prosoDoo of God, that our Lord Jesus OhrlBt took ?? tbo means to perpetuate in tho world boforo Hu was romoved thorefrom, to beoomo to man .' a sacred humanity. It was before Ho aaoandod . into heaven, and Ho brought His dinciploa tofiotjior to oom fort them. Hoknowif Heloft tho world with out doing this thoro would bo no comforting, no oon ? soling thorn, and Ho gladdonod their hoarla by rirnmininir to dwoll fchnrnin. mid bv tnllinnr thorn Ho Ai,-. wbb not going away from them whon thoy thought thoy might no longer look upon tho saino f aoo, tho ;; earao eyes, tho samo hands, tho samn body, in tho * way thoy had boon aonustomod to look. He promised Ho would bo with thorn. 'Behold I ara 'With you All days, ovon to tho consummation of the world,' How blonsed, how happy, bow grato ful wo should' bo to Gnd that our lot is ? oast in those times of bonodiotion, in theao happy days whon wo can roalizo thu fruits and bohold tho ful filment of thoso oonBoling promifloa of our blossod Lord, ' Buhold, I am with you all days ovon to tho consummation of tho world.' ' THE FUIiFIIiJinNT OK TIIB I'UOIIISB. Thoro ara various ways in which wo oan oonBidor this promiEB ot our Lord to rocoivo ito fulfil mont. ' For itiBtunop, wo seo a fulfilment in tbut constant, ' spnoinl, and perpetual asuiatanoo that our Lord ?gtTOS to His Holy Church from which Ho nnvordo partB bo na to flocuro hor from orror in tonohlng Hffl truth. Wo enn aeon fulfllmonfc in thcahiding, roal, and oubatantial pro^onao of our Lord in tho '' Bloased Saoramont of tboulfcnr. Wo enn opo it in ; that intimate union that oxints botwoon Gnd and tho souls of tho just in whom Ho divnlls by His grnoo and charity. Thoao ar« tho prinoipnl ways liftvo read to you out of tho GoBpol to-day as ful filled for you in our own happy tlmoa. ?'! Titnna ways ok fuiiViludnt. ?'?? ? Thoro aro throo ways in which Our Lord's pro '? olses hnvo boon ftiifillod. First, our Lord's pro i niino of boing prosont alwayB with us in fulfilled in that Bpnolal, obiiBUnt, and porpotual nsoiBtano that Ho given to tho tonehorH of Hia truth iu His own Oburoh. You will obsnrvo that our Lord onn flfcitutod hifl Apnatlo'n to bo tho dnpoaitarioB of HIb 1 snored truth, and further Ho commandod thorn to ?carry that truth into tho world, to toaoh it in ita ' ontlroty to nil natlonn, going forth toaohing nil notions, bnptlsing thorn, toaohiiig them to obsurTn ' all wbatuopvor I havo commanded, and buhold I am with you nit dayB ovon to tho consummation of fcho world.' It wna a weighty tnnk for thonn poor, ' unlottored fishormun to go out into tho world, to go ont in tholr ignnranon nnd mlaory into tho world that had not yot ronchod tho vory biKhesl. point of civilination, and Mint with nil tho.r /mow woh to tcanh tho -?peoplo to boliovo in Him who whb cruolucd on Cal vary and to tnko up Hia croos of nolf-auorifleo humility, and povnrty, to dopnrt from th« wnyn of nelf-lntlulgnnce and prido nnd ninlty, nnd thu «rn tlfloation of tbnir pannionn. TIiobo p -or roon had no education, no ponitlon, no Hocinl inunonoo, to ro oomincnd them. It w»o no wondor they ahruuk from the task of going into the world aa its taaohara. But our Lotd know well what their failing? would be, and bo Ho gave them courage, and first He says to them, ' All power is given to Me ia heaven and on earth,' and then ho adds, ' BecaDBS all power is given to Me .in heaven and an earth you muat not be afraid to undertake the office of teaching the world.' They must not be afraid of erring in that teaching. Thoy muat not be afraid that they would bo unfaithful to- the 'trust given them, although they were men, No j Ho said, ' All power is given to Mo in hoaven and on earth to teach all nations,' and ' Teach them all you hsve heard from Ma ia its ontirety, and in order that you may not fi'ar, I. will be with you all days even to Che consummation of the world.' This is the' glorious promise that assures to us tie did by His apostles and tueir suc cossora leave us in tho unfailing possession of the truth of Jesus Christ, not only for a period, but for all days, even to the consummation of the world. Our Lord gave the apostles this command not only to teach us, the command not to tench ona gancration or two generation*, but to tunch nil nations to the end of time. Now tho apostloa could not of thomselvcs have fulfilled this command, during their wbolo jife time, but ns their successors woro also commanded by tho eamo divine authority, by the same commission, by the same mandate of Christ, to tesco tho world, «o their successors in herited all the promises of Christ to teach tho truth all days, even to the end of the world. If then tboue who teach tbo truth in the Church of Christ, if they could havo orrod at any period, if they coula have gone astray in propounding tbe doctrines of Christ's truth ?or in tbe principles of Christian rrfprals, then Christ would havo been contradioted. lie would have told a lio when ho said ' Behold, I am with you nil days, oven to the con summation of tho world.' Yen, it is said we orr. It is raid in n book called the Book of Common Prayer, in that for over 800 years we, ao members of tbe church, were sunk in error and buried in damnable idolatry.' Is not this to assort that our Lord told a lie when He said He ivould be with His church nil days, for surely He could not be that hard in hoarfc, that dead, not to help His church the moment that she so falls. ' The gates of hell shall not prevail against her,' Ho said, and so those who would make that assertion tro simply guilty of the most outrageous blasphemy, in charging Him with being false to His promises, It is in this way that wo see this promise of our lized in tbe cburch. But iu a still moro wonderful way it is that our Lord is really and' truly and substantially living and dwelling on our attars, and in our tabernacles, as He was truly and really and substantially present when He dwelt in tbe cottage of Nazaretn with Mary and Joseph, and aa truly and really as He exists in Heaven, neatfid in all his arisen glory at the right hnnd of the Father. St. John tells ua in that beautiful vision where he describes in the ApocnlypBb the great beauty of tbe heavenly city of Now Jerusalem that the great beauty of the hoavenly oifcy after nil was not derived from the jasper, the prooioui atones, and gold, that were rovealod to his eyes, but from the prosonce of God Who dwelt thoro, and Who revealed Himself in nil Bia glory to His own elect. Every Catholio ohuroh is a reflection in miniature of that heavenly city of tho Npw Jeru salem above, and like tha heavenly city it derives ita splendour, its glory, and its magniflcenoa not from the symmetry of ita proportions, nor its graoof ul arches, its grand pillitrs, its tapering' spires, or its beautiful window?. No, it derives all its beauty,, its glory, nnd its magnificence from Him Who dwells npon irs «Uar and who makes that honso Hie tabsrnnolo with man. ' Behold,' said 'St. Jobn, ' the tabernacle of God is with men, and Ha shall dwell with thorn, nnd they shall be His people, and He shall be their God.' And so onn ovory Catholio behold tho tabernacle of God in his church. For He gives Himself to them not only to be present da ic wero ac n uiacuucu, dug go uo in cneir vury nnoua, for Ho is in the hnnda of evory priost, on tho tonguo of every communicant, and in the hearts of every one of thoao who receive Him worthily. Ia not this a glorious fulfilment of His promise,' ' Behold I am with you all dny», even to the oon sammntlon of th» world.' ? THB SPBOIAL ArPLIOATIOK OP TUB TBXT. : It is for this reason you should bo proud to-day of tbe honour God confers upon you in permitting you to build a temple where He will be with you, whoru Ho will bo your God nnd you His people. You aro burn to-day to witnoss at tho fitting hands of your newly anointed Bishop tho laying of tho foundation Btone of a tnmplo whore God Himeolf will dwell in tho midst of Hia people. From your homes you can look at that temple, when it riaea in ita graceful proportions at tho hnnda of tho work man, nnd you cau say thoro ia God's house, thoro ia the tompla whom Jostle dwolls, There will tho tabernacle of tho Host be erected, nnd thoro the great nacriuco bo offered whioh was onoo offered wtf-ti nliaAAinrr fsP liliinr? nn tUn hill nP f!a)nir« David wna a holy man, yot tho honour and privilugo of building a temple to God waa not given him. It wna withhold from him nnd roaerved for hia son. But what did that fcomple contain? Nothing but tho two tables of tho law given to Moses and tho rannnn given to tl.u Israolitcs on their journey through the desort. This was all thoy had in tho Holy of holios. And yet David was not prlviUgod by Almighty God to build this tomplo. I say it is a privilege to both tho prieaM and people of this parinh to bo pernaittod to put your bands to such a noblo work and to raise t ' Gfod saoh a tnmplo in which not to contain the -abloa of tho law hut tho Lnw-givnr himsolf; not. f;ho manna that fill to tho Israelites ia tho d'~ ct, bat the sucrad food that Josua Chriat himself ..' ira whon he fluid 'This is My body and thisis My i- ood,' Tt ia faith in thin groat doctrine of your Ji ? ? ' y religion that hns brought you together this morning to assist with roveronco and lovo nt tho lnying of tbe foundation ntono of that tomplc -i which God is to dwell, and Who is to b i with you nil days. It is fnlth in that doctrlno that makun you fool bo proud of your holy religion. Even tho vnry ohildron nro proud of that gloriouB doc trine that makoa thair churchaa what thoy nro. I remambor nomo niro or ton yonrs ago boing in Auckland, Now Zealand, and ona Sunday nftar maai I aaw n littlo ohild about iix years of age landing two other littlo childnm into tho church. I Bnld, ' Whuro nro v°u going ? Thoro ia no raaaB, nothing going on in tho church.' Sho replied, 'I um bringing thoao two littlo Protestant children to boo Jobiis, in our ohurob, becattsa thoy linro no UU-lun IU tuuli u-vu UUMluiii iiu nuun iiunu ila till our churches, no mafctor how poor thoy rany bo, if tho flock ia poor, no dnubc tho ohuroh may bo poor — hut still tharo is a wiirmtb and comfort of atmos phere nnd of devotion that you will not nnd onnnot find in tho cold, ompfcy temples of thoce who got rid of tho roal prononeo of .Tfious. You know how to put your faith in this truth, nnd Ihnb what I fjpoak of is not imagination. You know it is a fnct, you know thnfc when our Lord promised Ho would givo His flnah for tho lltrbt of tho world to bo our food, H« monnfc tho rnal floflh. You know that whon ho took into Hia sucred hands tho broad nnd wine nfc IIIh last suppor nnd said, 'Thin ia My body, nnd tlila !b My bloorl,' that Ho meant vrhni }Io said. You know chat Ho did not mean to lend his followora into orror nnd knnp thorn in orror for ITiOO yoara— for Luthor and Calvin and Honry tho Eighth to toll un the wordn of grnao whioh He Bpoko nnd to toll us Ho failed in Hin promise when IIo nnid He would bo with Hin own ohuroh nil dnya, ovnn to tho conBumuintion of tho world. I'UKTHItn. rULKir,MUKT. Yon n-»o thoglorioua fulfllmontof tho prpmlaea of our hlfsnod Lord in another way t thnt is in tho intimnta union that exinto botwoon God and thn noula of Hia jnnfc onon, into which Ho oomon nnd dwolln, nnd in whioh rj'i» charity whioh is nothing also than Hlnuiolf, ia poured ont of tho Holy Ghont which i'b givon to un. Thin i» what St. Pator aponka of whon ho BnyB ' we hnvo givon to ua groat and prnoioua prornfuoo by which you are made pnrtakora of Hio divine nature.' Oh, if wo could only undnr nt»nd what thoeo words moan P— made part»lrora of Hia divine nature— tnnda n« it wore God'o through thin intimntn union that taken plaaa botweon Qod and the bouIb of Ilia just ouon. It in of thia prnnouoo thnt God aponka whon Ho Bays 'If any mnn lovo Mo, Wo will lovo him, and -*n t-n litm ciMfi tttnlrn Him al\ftf1l\ TVlf.tl Jlim.' flft/1 IE V LU 111111 II1IU 111 1*11 « !_/ 1*1 nuuuu iiivu *. ( .... uiuks ooinou to mnko ITia nbodn in our poor, mifloriblo, sinful aoula. What n glorious fulfilment of His promise is thinP For whon Ho oomoa into our bouIb Ho (loniroH to romntu thoro. It la not n panning, n trnnBiont gift. It ia an abiding gift. Ho nnid IIo would nbido with you for nvor. It in thin union of our honrtn that Almighty God— -thin in dwelling nf God in our bouIb— that gfro« us unothor instanou of Ourist'a promiooB. That union ia bogim nt baptum. At the baptismal font God cornea and I enren onr souls and cleanses tbom from tbo stain of original sin. And Ho then dwells thore beautify ing them with the Beven gifts of the Holy Ghost. How blessed nro ne and how much more bluased if wo ivould only try to realize the vnluo of the pre sence of Ood. He tho Great God, tho Father, Son, nn-l Holy Ghost, cornea dawn and in our sinful, miserable bouIb makes Hia own dwelling, und desires to abide there for OTer. We sea ran instance of His kindnesj in thia respect, when man in his folly despises God and gets tho sloth of Bin upon him nnd lets the old darkness in upon him, — even for thnt man there is a fountain open for the cleansing nf ? f.ha nnni* olnnarr wh«r* ha maw tinftn mni*A \\\» V* VU0 glVVSk B,U»»G* , VTUCLO AID UABJ l/UI/D UIUIII MO wushod from his Bins and delivered from tbo dark ness nod slavery of bell, nnd where he oan once more recover the 'rich treasures bu haa lost nnd wboro he can again be reconciled to the temples of God. ; If man would only think that tbe great God dwells in them, that he will dwell in them, for over, it ia only the beginning of that never-ending light that receives its completion and salvation in heaven. But for some foul, miserable advantage man banishes God from his soul and ruehoa foolishly and blindly into sin, to o'nen more ait down in darkness and in the shadow of death. It will do us good to think from timo to time how theso mpst consoling promises of our Saviour are realised in the church, in God's own tabernacle, in God's own house, and also in the souls of his just onoB. Learn then to prize this possession of God within your bearta. Think what tho apostles tell you — think of , it that you nre temples . of tho living God and ns I said about the New Jerusalem, the heavenly city that derives all its glnry and all its splendour from Him only Who dwolla there and reveals HIb glory, and from Whom tbe churches' also derive their splendour and ? glory and magnificence. They contain tho real presence of God in their midst. May I not say the samo in rospeot to all ot your eoula to-day, that they are only good and beautiful and rioh when they are in the possession of God, whon they- are united to Him by the grace of charity. EXHORTATION. Lonrn than to remember you aro temples of God. Think of it in tbo time of temptation, and think of what the spostle also Bays, ' If any man defile God'a temple his soul will God destroy.' Think what a pricoleas privilege it is to bo preserved in the pence of the gospel truth because Jesus Christ dwells in His ohurch ; nnd in her teaohors. He can never orr in delivering, the .doatrino. thoy received from Him, nnd lenrn to prize far moro than ever you did bofore tbe value of your own churohes. Learn to esteem and look - upon them as you havo never done before because that temple of God is theplnca where His glory dwells, which He inhabits, where He dwells and rests at all times nnd will continue to do so oven to tho consummation ef tho world. You are assembled hero to-day to mine iu your midst one of thoBe temples where He dwells, and will dwell with you always. ' In thia church you aro going to build, and of whioh you to-day ought to be proud of tho privilege of being allowed to build, — thia churoh will contniu for you tho tabernacle of the God ef Hosts. In this church will be erected the saori fioial altar whore the same divine victim as wai im molated on Calvary will bo daily offered up and countloiB blessings brought down upon your heads. In this church Ho will dwell, nnd it will bo Hia own nomu, huu iluiii ii* -o.c* iritx mupuuse nis eror laating graces and benefits, as from a poronnial fountain, tlio seven groat earing atreams of the new law, the seven Sacrnmants of tho church. It is in this church you are going to build that the flaorod word of God will bo hoard, and thnt with the security of no orror creeping in, with all its inspiring peace, its oonBoling reflections, nnd its wise warnings. Here your ohildron will be washed in the holy waters of baptism. They will' bo signed with tho sign of grace nnd made living members of the body of Jesus Christ. Here, too, in this new church, man and maiden will join hands in holy wedlock, and lay thn foundations of Christian homos nnd hnppi noss, that alone can make lifo worth living nnd make the world good. Here, in all probability, will be brought your own mortal remains when the pil grimage of lifo is over, to rest in the tabernaolo, in the shadow of grace, to await tho resurrection. To-d»y, many nnd many a one ia watching up abova for this. After they go, nftar boing tossed to nnd fro by every wind of doitrino, and at last whon thoy find themielvos Bnfe in Cntholio truth and in tho Catholio Church, like Jncob of old th»y will bo faread to exclaim, 'Ah, this in tho Houbo of God, and I know it not. Yon, how holy thia Iiodbo ia. It ii nothing but tho Houbo ot God, nnd tho gnto nf Ttanunn.' And HO tou m»V »nv. tvhnn vnii trn into your ohurch and realiso what n nouroo of blessings and of spiritual favours that tho churoh is to you—' Oh, truly this is tho House of God, and tho gato of Honvon.' For this rnneon, I have no doubt that to-dny will soo an instance of your charity and goneroaity in trying and vieing I may any with each other in making this now ohuroh worthy of Him whoso house it is. Roinombor, liko tho prophet of old, you aro making a houso for God. It is a plnco whero God oomoa, to moot Hia worahippora and whore you eomo to meet Him und to console with and worship Him. I look forward to tho day whon I shall boo this now ohurch oomplotod, whon 1 shall aoo it an object of admiration for all ganorations to eomo no woll ao tho joy nnd consola tion and pride of overv man nnd woman and oh/M that bnd a hand in its oonstruuMon. Yea, I will look forward to eeo it n bonutif ul churoh. No doubt liko other ohurohoa it will havo ita special bnnc nctors. Ita altars and windows and statues, and pulpit nnd orgnu will rnoord the {fonoroail.y of indi vidunla nnd fumilioa. No doubt, aa in ofchor plncon, children will lovo to onchrino in Romo good work of nrt tho momory of parontB thnt lovod them nnd whoso eubstnncon they onjoy. Pnronta will liko wiao lovo to onahriuo tho memories of thoir children, huabnudu thoir wivoa, nnd wivoa thoir hushnndB. ? Oonfratomitioa will vio with oaoh ofchor in making God's houso beautiful, to mako it worthy of tho place whoro God dwells, and makea it Hia own homo. Tho Children of Mary will try to mako a plnco for thoir motbor in it. Patrons of St. Joaoph will try to erect nn nltnr or n window nnd many fond and worm IriBh honrta nnd gonorous hnnda of St. Patrick will plnco in this ohutoh Bomo fitting memorial of tho groat saint of thoir nativo land, in the shnpo of a pioturo or window, nnd hundrnda of dovotod clionta of tho Sanrcd Heart of Josua will bo only too glad of tho opportunity of putting up nn altar or atntuo by monnn of whioh thoy will spread that spirit of dovofcion to tho Snored Heart of Jonas, nnd furthor ho anid to thorn that nngola in Honvon worn that day looking down upon thorn nnd praiaing God for inapiring thoir llQlirCS VVILU UU UiUUU 1£I3LIUI UOluy . J.' -kl-LlUL», IIIUbUUIH, rolntionB, nud friends thnt lovnd this old church nnd who Rnid in it many a dovotod pniyor, thoy nro looking down to-dny, and will ho proud. to' boo that thoy havo inherited tholr own gonnroaity, nnd havo to-dny given nn ornraplo of it. Lot thoro not bu a niggardly heart or n stingy hand to-day. Lot no mnn have ft grnBp!ni» doelrn to keop tho thinga of the world from God Hlmsolf. Lotthainan with a niggard nnd ntingy hanrt roinorabor thnt God will not turn aiidu tho flood watitra of tho Huntor or mnko the lucerno sprout any hotter for him, but lot him rcinnm bor that God lovos tho ohnorful giver, He lovoa to givo buok in full ovnrflowlng monBuro to him who ia libornl with Him to-dny temporal nnd apirltunl bloaBlngn. God after nil in tho bout to glvn to : He it) gonoroun, and that bank of dlvlno nromiao ib tho safaat plnoo to invent your monoy. If you deBiro to mark your lovo nnd vonorntlon for your good pnntori if you want to koop up tha old charnotor of thia pariah for ita abiding ohnrlty, ita bonovolonco nnd ita gmieronlty i if you want to mako tho nnmo good improaaiou on your now bishop nn you did on tho old, I any lot thisdny bo romnrlc nblo in tho nnnaln of your history na tho day whon n goldon shower foil in Morpath. Fnthor Coiioohan anid nomo 14 or IS yonrs ngo whon thoy firut thought of remodelling tho old ohuroh nnd going to mnka improvements thoy had on that oconaion mado a collootion. It ronllv.ed about JJ700 in cnah and proraiaoa. All thnt money did not oouio In, Somo did not pay and othora woro not thoro to do ao. Altogothor nouiothing over iJGGO wna ronliaed. Ho would not montion thia but aomn pooplo wore undor tho improaaion thnb tliny bnd not got crodit for tho aubBonntfona then given. Ho wiohocl to romovo that impression. Tholr nnmoa woro roaordod, nnd n groat doal of tlio monoy then uubiioribnd will bo unod in tho now building, Thoy had npoufc a littlo over MOO In pay. iiii; oft tho dobt on tho prenbytory, and with intoroafc ndded thoy. had now ^8*70. , With '?'?????-: ? ™~ ::?.?.??:?—, vr- .??^v'.v.::-.-,vr-vi-.:hr:-.-':-' that amount the Into Mr. Griffin left them .£50, eo they had over .£500 to commence the now churoh with. He did. not expect them to pay all rheir. money that dny, but expected thorn to do their very best in tho way of promises — not merely to bo generous but to wnke great sacrifices. If they did not begin well they would not end well. What he wanted them to do was to mako promises and pny them between that day nnd the time tbe new obnrcb would bo completed, which would pro bably bo the end of next year. Ho had given .£50 to tho old collection. He would give £100 on tbe present occasion. The Bishop of Buthurst had sent him £5 to buy that amount of bricks for the new ::ohuroh'j Father Horan, ot Ipawich, had sent him £5; Dr. Dwyer, £5 j Fathers Hand, O'Gorraan, Eoche, Clanoy, Foley, £2 2s each ; Fathers McAuliffe, McCormack, Gleeson, and O'Reilley £1 Is each. A collection was then taken up and in round numbers £190 was subscribed. Tho principal eon tributora wero : Father Corcoran, 41100 j Mi'sb O'Keofe, JE25 ; Miss Grehan, .£25 t Thos. Bonrke, .£20; Mat. Smith, £20; John Hogan, £10 10s | Wm, Lowry, Alex. Leonard, Pat McCarthy, Mac Doheny, James Martin, P. McDonald '(Woodville) and James M'Carthy, £10 each ; Mrs. ? Arthur Quinn, £6 | whilo the following gftve £5 , each Henry Weingartner, Thoa. Oleary, S. Bailey, John Maher, JameB Feeney, Thos. Burke, W. Hawly, Thos. M'Ciirthy, Frank Murphy, Michael Hiokey, and Burg Bros. After announcing the result of tho colleotion Mr. John Kelly, on behalf of the parish, read an address of' welcome and of Rincereet congratulation to hi* Lordship tbe Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland on his elevation to tho episcopaoy. Father Corcoran explained that there had been no. time to illuminate the address, but it would be illuminated and framed. On behalf of the parish ioners be thon presented to Dr. Dwyer the trowel and mallet which had been procured for him to lay the foundation atone with. The trowel wns of silver, with ivory handle, and bore thn inscription : 'Presented to tho Eight Eev. Dr. P. V. Dwyor, Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland, on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the B.C. Church, Morpeth, 13th June, 1897.' Tbo mallet was of poliahed myall. . i TJf Htirvcn in wani** nnif4 if* nttn*At\A \\\in\ 4\\\ttl groatost pleasure to be thero that day. He did, not think if he were as eloquent as Father O'Farrell that he would bo able to find 'words to express to them' his feelings of gratitude. The splendid gifts ho received from them fillod his hosrfc, and he was aura that tho splendid testi monial he received in the Town Hall at Maitland on tho previous Monday evening oontainod a largo share of the generosity ot the peoplo of Morpoth. What he valued moro than these things, however, was the faot that 270 of the people of that parish mado a spocinl offering at Holy Communion for him on the Sunday ho was consoorntod. For all thoso things, and for the kindly feelings of roapeot and devotion which they hnd entertained of one who bad been by tho voice of tho Supreme Pastor of the Church placed over them, he waa deeply grateful. Ho wub very glad that his first official visit, na they cnllod it, as bis hop was to Morpoth, but he wns Borry thnt the Biehop oC Maitland (Dr. Murray) was not prenent onacoount of tbo wet wenthor. But ho was with thorn in apirit.. In no part of tbe diocese was Dr. Murray moro loved and revered than in Morpeth. It would rojoico their honrts, he knew, if Dr. Mur ray woro there, but Dr. Murray's honrt would re joico whon ho told him of tho day's proceedings, ana tnnc tney nau received mm (Dr. Dwyer; witn such feelings of respect and devotion, because be would tnko thntSaa if tendered to himnolf, and through himsolf to tbo highest authority in the Churoh ho roprcsonted. Ho (Dr. Dwyor)'had been commissioned to a. new kind of life. He had to givo up hia lifo to works of religion iu that diocese, and ho thought it n happy omen that his first official net was to lny tho foundation stone of n toinplo to God's honour. On ncaount of the rain it would bo far bettor for thorn not to nttempt to go through tho caremony that morning of blessing tho foundation stono. Thoy came thore to lny it, and ho thought it had really been well laid at that table whoro tho names of subeoribors were written down. Ho thought the pooplo had dono thmr duty woll, nnd on nnothor oneaaion with flue weather thoy could go through tho form of bleaBing the Htoiio, nnd ho would ask thorn to nnsist at that benutiful coromony. He had no wish that day to spoil his nico new robos in tho mud. He paid a tributo to tho oloquonce whioh Father O'Farroll ahoworod upon thorn, nnd ho hnd no hoaitntinn in enying that it had a groat doal to do with bringiagr forth a shower of gold from tho people. ! Tho proceedings terminated with tho wbnlo qf tho congregation showing their obodionco to tho now bishop by npproaohing tho altar and kissing his ring. ; . 