CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. HOME MISSION AND SPECIAL EFFORT CONFERENCE. A conference of members of tho uougregauonsu Union of New South Wales was held in tho Pitt strcot schoolroom yesterday morning, with tho object of ronowing activity in Church life and interest in Church work. Tho chair was occupied by tho Kev. 13\. Tremayne Dunstan, tho pastor of tho Pitt-street Church, and tho proceedings of conference opened with a short devotional service. This was followed br tho reading of a paper by tho Itev Dr. Roseby, the subject of which was " How to attain a revived lifo m our Churches." In commaneiujî his address the rev. gentleman »»¡d the real topic ho had to dis- cuss was tho quostion how to mako tho life of the Church efficient for fuller and moro extended ter vice. As n preliminary inquiry it should bo asked what was meant by revived lil« in tho Church. When people spoke nowadays of Church progrès*, and still moro when thoy used that very equivocal term " success," it became necessary that tho term« employed should ho deliued. When Lord Bacon spuko contemptuously of the Nonconformists a-. '. Billy people now uiuiost extinct," nonconformity was numerically and linauciully a failure. Judged by tho standard of the court, the nobility, the dominant Church, and of society, it was a dead failure. Again, when tho Bishops at tho Savoy Con- ference so completely vanquished tho Puritan« that King Charlea declared that tho Divine right of King mid Bishop was established for cvor beyond all fuluro controversy, was tbnt u SUCCCES l'or tho dominant King ami the dominant Church 'i Wheu a litt le Church mot in a weatherboard schoolroom wherein earnest men met to sing the songs of Ziou, and a good man preached to them the simple gospel, but whore tho people were few and the minister's salary was with difficulty raised, ami all tho '? best people " went to tho church over the way, was that failure Ï On thu other hand, bete mis a Church rolling in wealth. Ite schools and col- leges were like palaces. They crowned every eleva- tion, and they met tho oyo in tho choicest situations by nimmt und stream lind sea. But its chief pastor did nut know tho dilfereuco between ingenuous truth and a falsehood. As for its wealth, nothing esme amiss, so that money came withal. A bazaar was held, and some one gave u ¿'ó noto to he rallied for, and 'JOD members were obtained at ls each, making £11). Was that a success V Yes, it was, if tho Mel- bourne Cup was u success ; and if number*, wealth -if being petted by tho great, and a capacity lor draining to their last penny the pockets of the poor was a success, then such r. Church might claim to bo successful. But that was not the way in which the fathers of tho Congregationalist* estimated things, and if they were indeed children of those men Ihey would refuse to estimule things by nuy such utaiui urd. The best interests of tho Church and Ibo true progress of the world had always been sustained by the minority. Thoy should, therefore, bo careful nhat kind of test' they applied iu uppnii-sing tho amount and quality of the life of a Church. It was not numbera, "freedom from linaneial anxiety, Ula smiles of the great, nor the applatiso of tho mul- titude that constituted >ucccss in a Church. It was an ahlo minister of the New Testament aud a wiso and good man in the pulpit, in thu faithful discharge of the pastoral office, the zeal, courtesy,_aud exem- plary character of tho deacouate, the faith, hope, and love practically shown tu thc membership. These things constituted success in theuislejes-tho highest and purest, and tho one aud only lorm tho Master over recognised. Tho cause of Cougiegatioual numerical and linaneial ablenoss lay deo)), for the party of progress was always the party of sacrifice, was never that of tho too heedful rich and mighty above, or of tho heedless multitude below. He feared there was always a danger of ministers ianeviug that their people were interested m tho mere technique o£ theology, whereas all they cared for was the Bread of Lire, and that lhere was alnara a danger of them neglecting the pastoral side of their work in thu interest they nuturally took in ¡Ls literary and theological side. All their study and preaching were but means to an end, wbch was to " present every mau perfect in Christ Jesus." More was to ho di,nc in that direction sometimes hy half an hour's friendly t.ilk than hy a year's preaching. Young ministers snould resolve to spend un hour ono evening every week by tho hearthstone of one of their congregations. Ile would get to huon* tue men anti tho grown up lads hy sued visits, and the hour thus spent would lender his congregation ¡ta much aid as the hour of his week-night service, aud_ ho woultl make his congregation the quarry out of which to build np tho membership of his church. ? He had no belief m tbs doctrine that, the futuro of j the world was delivered into the hands of u few great. Imperial Sutes and a few great powerful churches. Their historical experience was that both were toe deadly foes ol' liberty. Ho .believed in the httlu 1 Stato'self-govcrucd, 'such as New South Wales is, and such as ho hoped she would still he in ii fede- rated Australia, and in the same way he believed in the single church self-governed. But this did not mean that tho churches should staud aloof from oue another iu iovelcjs isolation. Of voluntary fellow- ¡ ship they could not have too much, and the extent uf it could not bo too broad. Tie believed m strength- ening the union spintumong their churches. '1 heir el...-:e association for mutual counsel, that tho strong might help the weak, would bo at least as much a benefit to the larger churches as to the smaller, ¡ind would be currying out a principio to which their churches as a whole had never yet done justice, vi/.., the unity of the Church. (Applause.) Tho discussion which followed tiie reading of this paper was tsken part in by thc Revs. J. T. Warlow Davies, M.A., J. Hill, M.A.. IV. Mathison, B.A., J. Fordyce, M.A., F. Binns, and Mr. F. Caine. Mr. j Mathison took occasion to refer to the coustttution to he drafted by the Federal Convention. Ho ssid if that constitution were framed without reference to ! the existence of the Deity it would bo a Btigni'i and j a shame upon Australiu.'nnd if this should happen | he trusted the people of the colonios would decline to ! accept such a constitution. (Hear, heir.) Mr. I Fordyce said ho could endorse much of Dr. Koseby's ¡ paper heartily, but be had no sympathy with lu's I " little tiing " at the Cardilla!. The Pimatc of the : Irish Church had Guee said that it had a " bazaar- 1 haunted existence," and he (Mr. Foidyco) feared it j was very much the same with other Churches ; : therefore when ono Church cast stoues ut another she should ho somewhat careful that she herself had i not a good deal of glass around her. (Laughter.) Í Tho afternoon sitting of tho Conference was j opened at ll o'clock with devotional exercises. Thc Kev. George Campbell read a paper on " How \ to deepen interest iu Church Extension and linnie Mission work." He said there was a widespread ; and subtle impression that tho methods at present employed were clumsy and heavy, in ISSI i'oW ! was (fislriiiuted amongst ll! churches. In IS'.lli 1:07 j was distributed to 1- churches. Therefore it ap- peared that VI years had passed without an}* per- : ceptiblc progress being made in Ibis department of , vital denominational work. Good solid work had j no doubt been done by these aided churches, hut ' what was before them now was the .aggressive -md , extension work of the denomination, and no one ! would affirm that this state of alfairs was satisfac- tory. Whatever course was adopted with the v:ow ' of alleviating1 these conditions it would he necessary ' to invest tho executive with more specific authority, 1 and enable them lo move ahead without unnecessary i friction, and to place bolaro the constituents ¡i clesr i plan ol' work. The Church extension work was bur- ! dened with a heavy deni, and pomething ought to be ! done to lay this substinlinl '. ghost," and be believed ; a steady increase to the funds would renilt from the reconstruction of their method?. Ii was suggested that thc fund to bc raised'should he calleil '"" the 1 Congregational diamond reign lund," aa some degree ' of patriotic enthusiasm might be generated and directed into an offering made to the King of Kings in grateful recognition of thc long ann peaceful ¡ reign of Queeu Victoria. (Applause.) i The Rev, N. J. Cocks also read a shoit paper on the ' ! same subject, in which he laid stress upon tho per- ¡ sonal responsibility of members ol" tho denomina- ' linn. Tho discussion following these papers was contri- i buted to by the Revs. " T. Moore, C. Jones. J. ! Buchan, M".A.,Dr. Roseby, J. Hill, M.A., A. J. i Griffith, M.A., W. Mathison, R.A., Mr. C. K. I Wigzell, and others. In the evening a tea meeting was held in tho Od i- . chows' Hall, Elizabeth- street. There was a large ! attendance of ladies anti gentlemen, amt tho repast \ provided was of an excellent churaeter. I At the hitor meeting tho chair was taken hy Mr. I J. R. Fairfax, aud there were piesent on tho plat- form-The Rovs. E. Tremayne Dunstan (Chairman of tho Congregational Uuiou), James Buchan, M.A. (secretary), J. Fordyce, M.A., Dr. Roseby, A. J. Griffith, M.A., H. Gainford, H. T. Robjohus, M.A., W. Mathison, B.A.. J. Trevor, T. Moore, N. J. Cocks, M.A., S. M. Creagh, Dr. P. Sydney Jones, Messrs. J. G. Thompson, J. T. Tiiloch-; W. E. Hawkins, C. H. Myles (treasurer), T. Miller, J. Mullens, S. W. Jones, T. Pratt, mid W. S. Buza- I cott. Tho proceedings opened with tho singiug of a hymn, after which prayer was offered hy tho Kev. H. Gainford. " j Tho Chairman, in introducing the business of tho meeting, said that about two years ago it was his privilege to occupy a position similar to that m ! which ho was placed that evening. At that time j things in connection with their churches seemed ' prosperous, although it was a time when the whole ! commercial community had passed through a serious j depression. Tho tono of the speeches that were : then delivered was very hopeful, for they ¡ill j thought better times wem coming, and thc churches i «ore going on with their work. During thosu two ! years, although, they lind suffered to som« extent ; from financial causes, hu thought they had struggled \ on very well. Speaking for the church with wimbi ho was most intimately acquainted, lie could suv 1 they had held their position better than they could' have expected to, and things were looking hopeful j for the future. (Applause.) Tho business of tho ' meeting, he thought, WUH in Iheiirst tilaeo for those present to congratulate each other on meeting : together nuder these circumstances, and to thunk I God for the work Ho lind left thom to do in tho I churches. (Hear, hear.) During (he last few years I they hnd, howovor, suffered-not 113 individual! churches, hut as a denomination-from a hoavv ! debt. They had cleared olí £.501) of it ; but they now had to consider how they were to get rid of tho I balance-which was about £1000- heforo tho 1st of August next. Ho thought, however, that before tho meeting closed a fair proportion of that sum woultl he promised. (Applause.) Tho committee wero not asking those present to pay their subscriptions nt once, but to pay so much on 1st May, and tho balance ou 1st August. Ho trusted that whatever was subscribed by those present would not in any- way affect their subscriptions to their respectivo churches, for it was desired that this matter should be regarded as a special elTorl to get rid of tho em- barrassment which burdened thu denomination, for tho Congregational Union, through tho oitousion ¡ committee, hud felt it lo bo their duty lo suspend their operations until tho debt was cleared off, and ! everyone would admit tho wisdom of tho course ' they had adopted, for it was not right for any iudm- | dual or any Church to run unnecessarily into debt ! (Applause.) j The ltcr. E. T, Dunstan urned,-" That this ' meeting approves of the special effort now teinr. initiated to raise £1000 in order to extinguish tin Union und Homo Mission debt and clear the way fui now and progressive work." He said the tonn ol tho peoplo of tho denomination seemed to bo thai ibß.y must forgot tho things they had left behind, and ho believed they would soon bc able to say good- bye forever tn tho old debt ami to use tho money timi was- collected for new and agressive work. (Hear, hoar). Mr. J. G. Thompson seconded the molion, and commended tho m inner in which it was proposed to nttack tho debt nnd wipe it out for ever. A sug- gestion had been mudo that subscriptions of 2s fui each should ho asked for, and surely most of th/> members of the denomination could respond to that ! request. If 80(H) out of the 17,000 Congregationalists I in ¡he colony did so tho .?11)00 would ho obtained. Thc resolution was then carried amidst applause. I The liev. J. Fordveo moved.-" That a sub ficription hit hf) at once oprmcd." Ito said tho debt I hud been a great stumbling block, but he could not believe that it paltry XIO'.IO would long he a j hindrance, to Congregationalism. It was, be thought, more a que.itina of earnestness, and if theta j was more spirituality tho moiioy would soon como. They needed a deeper sense of tho rculiiy of their j Church li ic, nnd all of them should realise moro thoroughly tho place of Christ':! Church in their i spiritual life. (Hcnr, hear.) Ur. I*. Syd ne}* Jones seconded the motion. Ho i urged bil hearers to do the thing which lay nearest Ut their hand-*, and m their case it wan the ex , tiuguishing of tins debt. They ought to endeavour i lo marie the lier ord Jîeign of uer Majesty by a ; record contribution lo this object. (Applauào).' I Thc motion was carriel unanimously. On tho molion of Mr. W. H. Hawkins, seconded I by Mr. J. T. Til louie, it was resolved,-*' That all our rhu reties ba earnestly invited to :o-operato in I this movement and arrange for holding local meet- ings and collodions." I Tho chairman announced Hint tho sum collected or promised amounted to XIS!) lits 10:1. ^Cheers). 1 Votes of thunk?) to Mis-; Mimd Sydney-Jones', who had presided at tho piano, to the ladies who had j given tho tablea, and to the chairman brought thc proceedings to a che-o. 