AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. (ALL RIGITS RESERVED.] BOOK III.-THE WOMAN. (The story as told by Mrs. Carruth.) 'CHAPTER XXI. THE ADVENTURES OF A NIGHT. To hav -'fallei dut"ou of -an express tiaiin "'odng ~t fuilFspeied! I have had some strange experiences, for a mere woman. But this, I think, beats all. And to owe it to, Thomas Tennant! I will be even with him yet. I went down to Brighton ,to spend the Sunday with Lattice Enderby-she was acting at the theatre there.e, ,I found her not feeling very.;,well. "We spent than day alone . together.' After dinner I had ,to nmake a'rush for the train. " 'Wholshould I find myself shut '!i with as soon as the train had started, but Tommy Tcnnant. It was years and years since we had seen each 'other. And all the world had happened since we had. But, so fal: as personal appearance was concerned, he had not changed "a bit. HI-e was still ,the same jack-pudding sort of little man, with round eyes and rosy cheeks. I knelw him at sight. What was queerer, he knew me. 'I take that as a compliment. I flatter myself that I have not changed, except for the better, since those days of long ago. Tomnmy's l:rcnt I;ecognition was the best testimony to the truth of this fact I could poasibly have had. Although more than sea.s divided us, ,and never was a. past more dead than his and mine, at ,the sight of Tommy all my old grudge against him came back again. Perhaps the glaas or two cf wine -I had had with Lettice might have had someething to do with it, but directly I saw him I flew into a rage. Tommy Tennant has always been the ideal man I-hate. Give me them good cr give me them bad, but do give me them one or the other. The irresolute, backboneless, jelly-like sort of man is beyond endurance. If Thomas Tennant ever had a back bone he. lost it in his cradle! He always used to be afraid of me:. In that respect, as in others, I found he had not changed. He was frighten.ed half out of his life directly he saw who it was. When. I began talking to him .he started shivering-literally shivering-in a way which made me wild. I do. like a man who can hold his own. Talk acout conscience mak ing co wardo of us all; 1 like. the man of whoem nothing can make a coward. He got into such a state of mortal terror that he actually tried to steal out of the carriage and escape from me while tihe4train iwas going, for all I know, perhaps, fifty miles an hour. That was how the trouble all began. It would han.e spoiled the sport to have.let him go, so I tried to stop him. He had opened the carriage dooir, and in endeavouring to prevent his going out. I went out instead. That is the simple truth. There was a never more astonished woman. I doubt ,if there ever was one with so much reason for astonish menlt. How it happened, or exactly what happened, I do not know. There .was not time enough ,to clearly under stand. 'I 'discovered that I was stand ing 'uon nothiang;,and then that I was flying' backwards thriough ~the aiir. After that I suppose I lost my s'riises; I could nnot, however, have lost them for long. Perhaps for not more than a minute or so. . When I came to I opened my eyes, and looking up sawv that the moon was sll...n.g in'the sky overhead, and that 'it ;was almost as light as day. I wonderred-where I was, and whether the end of thlieworld had come.'` I found that I was lying among a group of bushes on 0 .what seemed a sloping bank, and that 'somi'i . thing very like as miracle had taken place. Fallingou:t of the train while it was rushing along the, top of an embankment, I must have gone, back wards, into a bush, which, while ilt had let me' through, had sufficed to break my fall. I nmust have rolled down the bank, until I was stopped by the clump of bushes amidst which I found myself. The miracle was that I.was unlhurt. I wassa trifle shaken and.a trifle dazed. But not a bone was.broken,' and I felt that, so far as material damage was concerned, I could get ul> when I chose andt walk off, practically as if nothing had occurred. But I was a triflesdazed, and it was some moments before my senses quite returned to me.- What hastened their return was the fact of my hearing foot steps,. I:' litene.d. Somebody was ,wallking, and. not very far off either. The person; whoetver it was, seemed to be ouite close at hand: I did not, know wheieabouts I might be lying. I wais only aware that I was somewhere between Bright'on 4nd London. I'lhad no notion:how farI might b:e from a station ora town. It struck me tha.t it wounld be just as well that I should discover who the pedestrian might chance to be. As I was about to rico, with the in titibno" of prospecting, soiii4liliig heavy falling among the bushes almoat on' top of me startled me half out of my 'wits. I sprang to my feet. At the bottom of the bank on the other side of a fenc.e which formed .:a boandary be:ctween the railway and the country beyond, a man stco=d, staring at me ie the moonlight. He was 'tall. and he wore a long black over?oit, and a billycock hat; even then, and in tha~t light, I could se he vas a gentle man.. iBut it was the look xh'ich wvas on li: face which tcook me abackl. I never saw such a look on a man's f.:ce be fore. He stared at me as if he was staring at a ghort. And just as I was about to accost him, and to rcquest his assistance, at least to the extent of in forming me as to my whereabouts. leaping right round, he began lo tear anross the mcmnlit field as if Satan '..2 at his heels. I was going to call and beg him not to leave me, a stranger in the land. alone in the lurch like that, when I was reminded of the something which had fallen among the IbushEs, and whlich had irst-made me consciou.0of his Dresence, by kicking against some thing which felt soft and yielding, and which' was lying on the ground. I stooped down to see what it was. "Sakes alive! It's a, woman!' It was; a young .woman-and she was dead. No wonder he had stared at me as if he had been staring at a ghost. No wonder, as he saw me looking at him from among the bushes, that he had tdhought that the victim of his handiwork had risen from the dead to laok again upon his face. No wonder he had torn fc-r his life, across the grass, feeling that she was alt his heels. I scomed *to be in for *a pretty thing. I have looked upon dead folk many a, time; yes, and upon nct a few who ha.vea come to their death by "accident." ,I have lived in parts of the world in which life is not held so sacred as- it is in England; where not such a. fuss is ,made .every.. time...the .doctor.. is -.fore-. ~talled-wteire thle- doctor isi nlot the only individual who is licensed to kill; where men shoot now and then at sight, and, when they are pushed to it, women too. I know a girl-and liked her-who shot a, man who ihad insulted her in New Orleans, and l'ft"'l' ii?m'f: :the sideWalkl:' :Nobody said .? word. (She'is married now to.a rich man, and to a. goad man, as go-od *men go, and .he has a family, and sh?e ?is highly er-tee-med. In England- that se?iies odd, but I suppose the fact is that when one -is in Rome one does as the R.omans do, and that *is all about it. (To be continued in our next.) 