[?] The Christian. by hall oaine, AUTHOR of "THE Manxman." THIRD BOOK. -THE DEVIL'S ACRE. XTII. —(Continued). Tlint night she wrote to John Storm, and , morning before Rosa had risen— hor L kept h« up late she heard a voice downstairs. Her dog also heard it and be- can to hark. At the next moment joun L. in the room and she was laughing up into his splendid black eyes, for he bad tan-lit her down at the sofa, holding the j'o/s nose and trying to listen. "Is it you? It's so good of you to come earlv. But this dog," breaking into the Manx dialect, "she's ter'ble, just ter'ble!" Rising and looking serious, "I wished to tell vou that I knew nothing about the church— nothing whatever. If I'd had the least idea but they told me nothing, it was very wrong, nothing . . . and the first thing I knew was when I saw it all in the newspapers." He was leaning on the end of the mantel- piece. "If they deceived you like that, how can you go 011 with them?" he said. "Vou mean" (she was leaning on the other eud and speaking falteringly) "you mean that I ought to give it all up. Rut it's too late for that now. It wiis too late when I enme to know. Besides, it would ilo no good. You would be in the same posi tion still, and as for me— well, somebody else would have the theatre, so where's the use!" "I was thinking of the future, Glory; not the past. People who deceive us once are capable of doing so again." "True; that's true— only — only - . , . ." She was breaking down and lie turned his eres away from her, saying, , "Well, it's, all over now and there's no help for it." , ; "Yo, there's no help for it."- He tried to think what lie. had come to say, hut do what lie could, lie could not re member. The moment lie looked at. her the thread of his thoughts was lost; and the fragrance of her presence, so sweet, so close; made him feel as if he wanted to touch lier. There was an awkward silence and then he fidgeted with his hat and.moved. : . ; . ... "Are you going so soon?" i . 'Tin busy and . . "Yes, you must he busy . now." "Aiid then why— why should we prolong » painful interview,. Glory?" She shot up a look imder her eyebrows. His eyes, had a harassed expression, but .there was a gleam in theih. that set. her heart heating. - "Is it so painful? Is it?" "Gloiy, I meant to tell you 'I could not come again." "Ko! You're not so busy' as all that, are you? Surely . . ." (the Manx again, only the seemed to be breathless now) "surely you're not so ter'ble' busy but you can just put a sight on a girl now and again for all." 1 He made a gesture with his hand. . "It disturbs— distracts . . "Oh, is that all? Then,", with a forced laugh, "I'll come to see you instead. Yes I nil!, though." ' ' "Yo, you musn't do that, Glory. It would only torment ..." ! "Torment! Gough bless me! . Why- tor- meat?" end a fugitive flame shot up at him. "because ..." he stammered, and she could see that his lips quivered; then dimly, very calmly, pronouncing the words slowly, and in a voice as cold as ice- . , . "because I love you." ' : ? "Vou . . . . " v : "Didn't you know that?" His voice was guttural. "Haven't you known it all along? What's the use of pretending? .. You've dragged it out of me — was that only to show your power over me?" : "Oh!" She had heard what her heart wanted to hear, and not for worlds would she have mused hearing it, yet she was afruid, and 'he was tvembliug all over, a )t'e vo m' I different natures, Glory, mts the trouble between us — now and 'ways has been. We have nothing in com- n> absolutely nothing. You have chosen , ur in life, and it is not mv path. I we chosen mine, and it is not yours. Your neads are not my friends. We are two w«ent _ beings altogether, and yet . . . i'6' I love you, and that's why I cannot B»e again." J'1"5 swot, but it was terrible, So dif- I hre she had dreamt of. "I I Viitli2,iUJ ol a„re my soul— I caunot live I thin lv 5?U' l'e was right. She had I itm.'i c, i0W! it was born to her — I uhidil. i" ,,ca' n an unsteady voice, I «\\- ? suddenly become huslcv, she said, J0 .ubt y;" are right. I must leave j all out C" 'la',s you 'lave thought it I Glow-"' will be easy for mo, I doubt'l si, in su£el'L'd a good deal, and no I But fm If" ,uore yefc- « so I'll bear I Ah! 10 sake of my work . . .» 1 < ' i' .l'1" coursb I can't expect j tlio , \ ,, ura,ly you love your work 1 and therefore it's I Sim wil If thy eyea o'lend I im'pfor it t "ns' "Well, since there's no I in'l part." SU1>P0EC we wust shake hands Not until then, not until he had pro- nounced his doom and she had accepted it, did he realise how beautiful she seemed to him. He felt as if something in his throat wanted to cry out. "It isn't what I expected, Glory, what I dreamt of for years." But it's best ... it seems it's best." I tried to make a place for you, too, but you wouldn't have it, you let it go, you pre ferred this other lot in life." She remembered Josephs and Sefton and the newspaper, and the part, and she co vered her face with her hands. "IIow can I go on, Glory, to the peril of my . . . It's dangerous, even danger ous." "Yes, you are a cleryman and I am an ac tress. You must think of that. People are so ignorant, so cruel, and I daresay they are talking already." "Do you think I should care for that, Glory?" Her hands came down from her face. "Do you think I should care one jot if all the miserable seandalmongering world thought . . ." "You'll think the best of me then?" "I'll think of both of us as wo used to be, my child, before the world came between us, before you ..." She was fighting against an impulse to fling herself into his arms, but she only said in a soft voice, "You are quite right, quite justified. I have chosen my lot in. lite, and must make the best' of it. . "Well. ' . . ." He .was holding out his hand. But nevertheless she put her hand behind her, thinking, "No, if I shake hands with him it will be the end of everything." "Good-bye!" and with an expression of litter despair he left her. She did not cry; and when Rosa' caine down immediately afterwards she was smil ing. and her eyes were very bright. ' "Was that your friend, Mr;, Stonn? Yes? You must beware of liini, my dear. He would stop your career and tuink he was doing God s service." "There is no danger of that, Rosa. He only came to say lie would conie no more," and then something flashed in her eyes and died awav, and then flashed again. "Yes, " thought Rosa, "there's an extraor dinary attraction about her that makes all other women seem tame." And then Rosa remembered somebody else and sighed. John Storm went back to Solio by way of Clare Market, and when people sainted him in the streetswitii "Good morning, Father,'' lie dkl not answer because lie' did not see tliem. Oii going to 'church that .-night lie came upon a group of Charlie's cronies bet ting 6 to 4 against his getting, off, and a girl in gay clothes was; waiting to; spouk to liim. It was Aggie. ; She had come to plead for Charlie. It's .the drink, sir. He's a good boy when lie's not drinking.' But I ask par-; don . for ' hiin, and if you would only not prosecute. . ; G John Was .-ashamed, of himself at sight of; the girl's 'fidelity '.to her unworthy lover. "And vou, my. child — what'nbout you?" "Oh, I'm all right. What's broken can't be mended. . . ." - . v And meanwhile the church, bells were ring ing and the cabs were running, to. the theatres.;; . . ' ; XIY. ' The rehearsals began early, iii the morn ing, and usually lasted until late in the after noon". Glory found them wearisome, de pressing, and:, often humiliating. 'The body of the theatre wns below; the level of the street, and in the day time: was little better than a. vast vault. If she entered by the front, she' tumbled against seats, and saw the figures of men and women silhouetted: in the distance, aiid heard the echo of ca vernous voices. If by the back she came upon the prompter's table set midway across the stage, with, a twin gas bracket shooting up behind it like a geyser, and an open space of some 20 feet by-20 in front where on the imaginary passions were to disport themselves at play. ; _ Glory found real ones among them, and they were sometimes in - hideous : earnest. Jealousy, envy', uneharitablcness, and all the rancor of life where the struggle for ito is bitterest, attempted to take advantage of her inexperience, to rob lier of the best_ po sitions on the stage, to cut out lier lilies which "scored," to impose upon lier genius the two-peniiy-ha'peiiny traditions, which were like the laws of the Mcdes aiid the Persians, and not to be altered, these, with tlie weary waits, the half darkness, the chill atmosphere, the void in front with its seats in linen covers, suggesting an au dience of silent ghosts, and then the sense of the bright, busy, bustling, rattling, real world above, sent her home day after day with a headache, a heartache, and tears bubbling out of her eyes. And when she had conquered these con ditions or settled down to them, and had. made such progress with her part, as to throw away her scrip, the old horror of the woman she was to make herself into caine back as a new terror. The visionary Gloria was very proud and vain and selfish and trampled everything under foot that she might possess the world and the things of the would. The real Gloria was not like that, yet there were points of rcseniblanco between them, and it seemed as if the author had somehow given the visionary womnn the little traits and harmless tricks of the real one that she might thereby lure her to give up her heart also. She came near to doing it too. Some times during a long scene, running through tlie whole gamut of passion, pride, vanity, selfishness mid even sensuality, she would awake as from a nightmare, with a hor rible sense that the pleading, passionate, groaning, guttural voice she heard was not her own voice, and that tho evil woman had dispossessed her of herself. Then she would stop suddenly, and looking round, cyou'd see the company ranged about lier, silent and with looks of astonishment. . And meantime the real woman had a far different part to play. Every morning, with a terrible reality at her heart, she glanced over the newspapers for news of John Storm. She hail not inr to look. A sort of grotesque romance had gathered about hnu, as of a modern Don Quixote, tilting at windmills. His name was tlie point of a pun, there were cartoons, carica tures and all other forms of the joke that is not a joke because it is an insult. . Sometimes she took stolen glances at- his work. On Sunday morning she walked through .Solio, past, tho people sitting on their doorsteps reading the sporting intelli gence in the Sunday papers, with their larks in cages hung on nails overhead, until she came to the cliureli and heard the singing inside, and saw chalked up on ttie walls the legend, "God bless the Farther." She heard that he was to be allowed to have a children's treat in one of the parks, and when rehearsal was over she bunded away to the scene of it, and came upon tlie little ones as they were coming home and scut tling across the fashionable thoroughfares like rats. Taking advantage of the gather ing darkness, she picked up a little toddle who was whimpering and dropping asleep, and carried it across a line of carnages, and then came face to face with John Storm himself at the curb of the opposite pave ment with another child in his arms. Dusk as it was he saw Tier, but she hastened off, and he also turned away. "Strange charge against a clergyman!" It was a low class paper, and the charge was a badge of honor, A young ruffian (it was Charles Wilkes) had been brought up on re mand on a charge of assaulting Father Stonn, niul being sentenced to a week's imprisonment, notwithstanding the father's appeal and offer of bail, lie had accused the clergyman of relations with liis sweetheart (it was Agatha Jones). Glory's anger at the world's treatment of John Storm deepened to a groat love of the down-trodden man. She saw an announce ment of his last service, and determined to go to it. Tho church was crowded, chiefly by the pool-, and the air was heavy with a smell of oranges and beer. It was a week evening, and when the organ played and the choir came in, followed by" John Storm in his black cassock, Glory could not help a thrill of physical joy at being near him. The text was, "Woo unto you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed ap pear beautiful outside, but are within full of dead men's bones and all uiiclcanness." The first half of the sermon was a denunci ation of the morality of men. We made clean the outside of the platter, but the so- called purity of England was a smugisham built upon rottenness and sin. There were men among us, damned sensualists left un touched by the idleness of tlie public con science, who did not even know where their children wero to be found. Let them go down into the gutters of life and look for their own faces, and, God forgive them, their mothers' faces, among the outcast and the criminal. The second half was a defence of woman. The sins of the world against woman were the most crying wrongs of the time. Had they ever reflected on the hero ism of women— on their self-denying, unre warded labor? Ob, why was woman held so ckcuii as in tin's immoral London of to day? There had been scarcely a breach of the law of nature by' women, and not one that men -were not chiefly to blame for. Men tempted them by love of dress, of ease, of money and of fame, to forget their proper vocation;, but every true woman came right in tlie end, and preferred to the false and fictitious iabor for worldly glory a mother's silent and unseen devotion, counting it .no virtue at all. ;"Yes, women, mothers, girls, in your hands lies, tlie salvation of. England. May you live in tliis prospect, aiid may God and His ever, blessed Mother be your re ward ail through1:, this ..weary; life and in glory everlasting." . . . - There: was-a procession with banners, cross, Stars, green and/blue fleur de- lis, and gold cross, but Glory saw none. of .it. She was kneeling.witii Lend down- and heart choked avith emotion. The next she knew the service was over, the congregation was gone; only one old -woman, in widow'sweeds, was left, jingling a bunch of keys. "Has the Futher gone?" "No, ma'am, he is still in the sacristy." "Show me to- it." At. the next moment, with fluttering throat and a look of iningled love and awe, she was standing eye to eye 'with Jolm Storm in the little bare chamber oil the church. , "Glory, why do you conic here?" "1 can t help it/-' "But we. said good-bye and parted." V "You did. X didn't. . It was not so easy.'- : . . . . -"Easy? I told you it wouldn't be easy, my. child, and it hasn't been. I said 1 should sutler, and I have suffered. But I've borne it— you see I've borne it; Don't ask me at what cost." ; "Oh, oh. ob!" and she covered her face. "Yes, the devil tortured me with love first. I was seeing you and hearing you everywhere and in everything, Glory. But I got over that, nnd then lie tortured me with remorse. .1 liavo left you to the mercy of- the world. It was myduty towatoh over you. 1 did it, too.". . . . She glanced up quickly. ; "Ah, you never' knew that, but no matter! It's all over now, and I'm a different man entirely. But why do you come aiid'torment me again? It's nothing to you, nothing at all. ; You con. shake it off in, a moment. That's your nature, Glory— you can't help it. But have you no pity? You -find- me here, trying to help the helpless— the brave girls wlio have the virtue to be poor and the strength to bo . weak, and the courage to he friendless.' -Why can't you leave, me alone? What am I- to you? Nothing at all! Vou care nothing for me, nothing what ever." She glanced up again, and the look of love in her eves was. stronger now than tlie look of awe. lie saw it, and could not help know ing how strongly it worked upon his fecl- '"Go back to your own world, unhappy girl," lie cried. You love it— you must— you nave sacrificed the best impulses of your heart to it;" She w-as smiling now. It was the old ra diant smile; but with a gleam of triumphin it- that he had never seen before. It worked liked madness upon him, and he tried to in sult her again. "Go back to your own com pany, to the people who play at_ real life, and build tov bouses and give themselves away body and soul for the clapping of bands in a theatre. .Go back to the lies and hvpocrisies of socictv, and .the brainless mashers who adorn it. They dance superbly, and are at home in drawingrooms, and know all about sporting matters and the atrical affairs. I know none of tliose things, and I am" kicked iwid cuffed and hounded down as an indecent man, or shunned as a moraPlcper. Why do you come to me?" he cried, hoarse and husky. But she only stretched out her hands to him and said, "Because I love you." "What are you saying?" lie was quiver ing with pain. "I love vou, nnd always have loved you— and you love me— you know you do—you love me still." "Glory!" "John!" "For God's sake! Glory! Then with a wild shout of joy he rushed upon her, flung his arms about her and co- Jvered her face andt luindB with kisses. After a moment he whispered, "Not here, not here," and she felt too, that the room was suffocating them, and they must go out into the open air, the fields, the park. Somebody was knocking at the door. It was Mrs. I'inclicr. A man was waiting to speak to tlie Father. They found him in the lane. It was Jupe, the waiter. His simple face wore a strange expression of joy and fear, as if lie wished to smile, and dare not. "My pore missis 'as got off and wants to come 'ome, Sir, and I thought as you'd tell me what I oughter do." "Take her back and forgive her, my lad — that's the Christian course." His love was now boundless; bis large charity embraced everything, and going/ Off lie saluted everybody. "Good evening, Airs. Pincher! Good night, Lydia!" "Well, 'e is a Father too, and no mis take," somebody wns saying behind him us he went away with Gloiy. The moon was at tlie full, and while tliey were passing through the streets it strug gled with the gas ii-om tlie shop windows as the flame of a fire struggles with the sun shine, but when they passed under the trees it shone out in its white splendor like a bride. It was a majestic night. Tho im measurable vault above was silvered with stars, too, though depth on depth of space, and all the glorious earth and heaven seemed to smile the smile of love. A strong south breeze was blowing, and as it shook the trees of the park, that blessed patch of nature in the midst of the toiling city seemed to sing the song of love. Their hands found each other and they walked along almost in silence, afraid to break tho spell of their dream, lest they should awake and find it gone. It seemed wonderful to him that tliey were together, and he could hardly believe it was reality, though the touch of her hand filled hiin with a strange physical exultation which he had never felt before. He seemed to he walking on cushions, and she too was sway ing by liis side as if her blood was dancing. Sometimes she dried her glistening eyes, and once she stopped and swung in front of him and looked long at him, ana then raised her face to his and k'isscd him. "Whether vou like it or not, your life is bound up with mine for ever and ever," she whispered. "It had to be," he answered, "I know it now. I can no longer deceive myself." "And we shall be happy? In spite of all you said; we shall be very happy, eh?" "Yes, that will be quite forgotten, Glory." "And forgiven," she said, and then be tween a sigh and a blush she asked him to kiss her again. "My love! "My soul!" The wind swept the liood of lier cape about her head, and he could smell the frag rance of lier hair. He tried to think what he had done to deserve such happiness, but all the suffering he had gone through seemed as nothing compared to a joy like. this. The great clock of Westminster swung its hollow- sounds into the air, and they went riding' by on the wind like the notes of an organ, now full and now so soft as a baby's whis per. They could hear the far off rumble of the vast city which . fringed their blessed island like a mighty sea, and through the pulse of their clasped hands it seemed as if they felt the pulse of tho world. All angel had come down and breathed on tlie face of the waters, and it was God's world after all. . He took her home and they parted at the door. "Don't come in to-night," she whis pered. . She wished to be alone, that she might think it all out and go over it again, every .word, every look: There was a lin gering hand clasp, and then she was gone. He returned through , the park/and tried to step over the very places where her feet had trod. .On reaching the Buckingham gate he turned back and walked round the pui'k, and again round it, and yet again. The bells tolled thehours out, the cabs went westward with ladies, in evening wraps going home from theatres, the tide of traffic ebbed far ther and .farther, and died down and down, but still he walked, and the wind sang to liini. "God cannot blame us," be thought. "We were made to love each other." , He 'un covered his head to let the wind coinb through his hair, and lie was happy, happy, happy. Sometimes he shut his eyes, and then it was hard to.helieve that she was not walking by his side, a fragrant presence in tlie, moonlight, going step by step with him. . v .. ;. a ... .. /. : ,: When tlie day was near the., wind had gone: the little world of wood was . silent, and liis footsteps crunched on thei. gravel. Then a yellow gleam oome in the sky to the east, and a chili gust swept up as a scout before tlie dawn; -the trees' began to shiver, the surface of the lake to ci-cen. the birds to call, and the world to stretch itself and yawn. Peace m her chamber, wliercsoc'cr ' It be, a holy place. As he went home by Bird Cage Walk the Eark was still heavy' with sleep,. and its omoless wanderers had not yet risen from their couches on the seats: a pale mist was lying over London, but tlie towers of the Abbey stood clear above it, and pigeons were wheeling around tliem like sea fowl around' rocks in the sea. What a night it had beenl A night of dreams, of love, of rapture! The streets were empty, and very quiet: only the slow rattle, or the dust cart, and the measured step of policemen changing beats. Long blue vistas and a cemetei-y si lence as of a world under tlie great hand of the gentle brother of death, and then the clang of Big Ben striking 0. A letter was waiting for John, in the breatlilcss hall. It was from the Bishop of London — "Come and see me at St. James'6- square." (To be Continued.) 