PERILOUS POSITION. By MARY ALBERT, Author o£ " The Luckiest Man in the World," , "The Bride of a Day," '' Brooke Finchley's Daughter," "A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," "The Shelling of the Peas," &c.;,&c.; (Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] • Chapter XVIIL—(Continued.) Margaret was not, however, to be left long Without hearing something of the afternoon's ' episode, for an hour or two later her maid knocked at the door and brought the latest tidings. " Oh, ma'am!" exclaimed she, " James has come in and he says there's ever such a com motion, in the village. For Mr. Glover, he that has just opened the new general shop, was coming back "from Hillington, when all of a sudden, in a patch of moonlight, by Dene's Hollow, he saw tho two figures that you saw, miss, and the fright has made him quite ilL Lord Lanford has sent: out another party to search, but the village^ folk have shut their doors, believing that 'tis ghosts that people have seen." And Jane's rosy face grew pale as she con cluded. "I never heard of two ghosts representing one man," replied Margaret with a wan smile. A'troubled, sleepless might succeeded, and . when" morning dawned Miss Thorpeleigh's , spirits were so much depressed that she went out into a lonely part of the grounds wonder ing whether her heart would ever again be at rest.- " ... It was' a still morning and as she wandered on absorbed in thought the quiet was broken by a sudden' tumult. Hurrying steps, shouts, the cries of several persons struck upon her ear and in a moment she found herself sur rounded by a group of men, women, and chil dren, who were, pursuing a flying figure— surely that of the lost vicar. That figure dodged, turned, and sought by every device to elude' his pursuers, but in vain; and then a new featpre broke upon the scene, for laboring after the now captive man came a second figure before whom all fell back affrighted; for unmistakably here was the miss ing clergyman. Meantime two or three of the bystanders ! had laid a firmer hold on the man who wore so strange a resemblance to Mr. Lufton and a voice said very strenuously, "Now, then', you will , explain your masquerading at the police-station." "No, no, no 1" answered another voice, "it is; I who will explain everything. . You all . vpcognise me, surely, in spite of my non-clerical costume." It was the vicar who spoke, the veritable man for. whom they had all been seeking with such anxiety till they had grown to believe thht he'had been, murdered. There was no mistake this time in his identity, as the bewildered, Margaret told herself on recog nising his voice. Then who was this other man who had counterfeited him ? And with whatobject had he acted so strange a part? They gathered.;round-the. actual Mr. Lufton, overwhelming him with questions. "What can have happened to you, sir? Wher^ have you been? Who is this person resembling'you so strangely ? " You have kept lis all in terrible suspense. It was not treating us very' well," &c.;, &c.;,_&c.; These sentences .assailed the vicar's ears on all sides, increasing his distress, and bewilder ment. He put up his hand, thus silently asking.attention. There was a sudden hush among the crowd and Mr. Lufton spoke, "1 have had,-something hard to hear," he said, " since I last saw you all, hut I ought not to regret it since it enables me to un ravel the darkest. scheme that was ever con . cocted. '' I must begin my,' tale by explaining what I have hitherto guarded as a profound secret." Every, ear was strained to catch what was next to he revealed and, the vicar, continued— "But it can be kept secret no longer, how ever painful it-may be to me to reveal it. None of you have known—though I have lived among you so long—that I have a twin brother who is mentally afflicted and who, under the name of Payne, has been for years : finder the charge of Dr. Bewley at Bitehley." ' "Ah!" "On !" "Who would have guessed that 2" . was ejaculated all. round and many caught their breath in strong excitement, while Margaret, fully as much interested as any'one of the group, pressed nearer. The : clergyman,. who was ,a . good deal affected, went on— " Though seemingly : harmless, the doctor has: always declared that my brother needed careful'guardianship and he was therefore never permitted to go beyond Dr. Bewley's grounds. " Recently he assumed illness, during the doctor's enforced absence, and he wrote to me entreating that I would ' go and see him the next day as soon as morning service was over, for be felt he might hot live through the Sun day. . • " The journey by railway occupies only 35 minutes, so that" by the setting off at about twenty minutes to 1 o'clock, immediately after morning service, there would be time to go and return by 3 o'clock, as' the trains fitted , perfectly. " Dr. Bewley bad often admitted me by a side door half concealed by shrubs and had taken me through his study to my brother's room, for he knew that I wished to keep my visits as private as possible. "It was in this way that I entered the doctor's house on the memorable Sunday in question, for, finding the garden entrance open, though apparently closed, I entered without hesitation and went upstairs without meeting anyone. • "But my brother was on the watch for me. Often as I had heard- instances recounted of the cunning of lunatics I had never suspected my brother of being ready to practice on me: But lie had planned everything to effect his escape during the doctor's absence from home, a circumstance which he was not supposed to be aware of. He had heard the attendants speak of it in whispers and the plan he had ' formed was carried out with the utmost daring. He knew that Sunday would be the best day on which to succeed in his design and he wrote to me accordingly. " It was not the first time I had paid him a visit between 1 and 3 o'clock on the Sunday, and on this last occasion he was wait ing to hear my expected footstep. As I Enteredhis room, believing that I should find him seriously ill in bed, he sprang on mo from i behind the door, gagged me, while 'holding me down,with all his strength tore off ihy coat, stunned me with a blow, and then,, quickly putting on my hat and outer garments and pocketing my watch and.purse, he walked out. " I have explained that the doctor was from home, that the attendant in charge had not seen me enter, and as it chanced my brother met no one a3 he stole away; but had he done so his extraordinary likeness to myself would have aided his evasion; He, too, knew of the garden entrance into the grounds and no one . guessed the scene whioh had been enacted by its means. "For the rest he had omitted nothing which might give him success.^ For days past, with deep cunning, he had simulated weak health and had been so gentje and tractable tbat the attendant was lulled into security. " As my poor brother had always been per mitted to write.to me as freely as he chose, and as often, he had no difficulty in sending me the fictitious news of illness and he had timed his missive to suit his purpose. . "But he- had done far more than this, for with consummate scheming he bad implored his attendant on several occasions to 'let him go home,-adding' that they , were making a great mistake in detaining him there, as it waa he who jvas vicar of Thorpoleigh'and that they had confused him with his brother. ; ."And thus it happened that when I had managed to get the gag out of my mouth after recovering consciousness and made frantic entreaties to be allowed to go home the attendant only called for help and put on the strait-yvaisteoat, for to my misfortune my voice as much resembled my brother's as do my features. ".In this-way, detained from home, my mental'disquietude was agonising; but the hope-of liberation as soon as the doctor re turned supported me, for I was sure-he would listen to my representations. I had, too,' mother hope. If my-brother went to Thorpe leigh Vicarage (which unfortunately he only did quite recently) the deceit must be speedily discovered." - As Mr. Lufton paused for a moment severa hands were thrust out to him in sympathy, while tears bedewed many faces; With breath less interest all listened for the conclusion of hisstory. _ "One evening as I lay feigning, sleep, but listening intently to what my attendants; were saying in low tones, I overheard one of the most hateful plots for obtaining money that ever entered the mind of anyone. "Two men, father and son, had been em ployed some long time at Dr. Bewley's estab lishment, but having had notice to leave were soon to quit the asylum and deeply resented their dismissal. It was their duty to aid the chief attendant during the doctor's absence by watching me and other patients while the former took sleep or exercise. "Believing me to be in profound slumber the pair began hotly to discuss, in whispers, their crafty plan, by which, as they phrased it, they hoped to secure two or three hundreds and start farming in New Zealand. "The lad was to declare himself the son of a lady now deceased, and in the absence of her aunt, Mrs. Beech, who was goDe to America, the miscreants believed that by the aid of a manufactured marriage certificate it would be possible to wring the money named out of her young niece, Miss Thorpeleigh." _ The latter, who had listened like one spell bound,-now-uttered a sharp cry and stretched out her hands to the vicar, who took them sympathisingly in his clasp. "Ah, my dear young lady," continued he much affected, "you have now nothing to fear." Then turning to his audience he went on in amoved voice— "The marriage certificate purported to be that of the late Miss Susan Beech with an American named Trueman and the marriage was said to have taken place in America 18 or 20 years ago." "Then it is not true," exclaimed Margaret hysterically* "My dear sister Susan never made any secret marriage. These Truemans " —slieshuddered as she thought of them—"are not connected with my family?" "Certainly not, my dear," replied the vicar warmly and the assembled throng huzzaed in sympathy. "The Truemans will have now to answer for their scheming in a maimer they will hardly like. But—have a care! Hold him-fast!" cried • Mr. Lufton, breaking off and precipitating himself on his lunatic brother. ; And not too soon, for resenting the detaining hands which held him fast, he made a sudden spring and sought to fell to the ground the nearest bystander, aiming also a blow • at the vicar's head which would have killed him had he succeeded in his stroke. A dozen men were upon him in an instant and pinned his arms. "He seeks my life!" panted the_ clergy man. " I was warned that as the time went on his mental disorder might take this turn. But for my dread of him 1 should have gone straight home after escaping the other day, as I did, from; the asylum, but after our sudden encounter in the wood I knew that he was lying in wait for me and all night I remained close hidden, in a tree, .believing him to be crouched at the foot. Have a care! He is about to make another sudden spring 1" cried Mr. Lufton as the maniac's eyes glistened savagely. _ "Mr. Lufton, you go home, sir," cried a dozen voices, "and take Miss Thorpeleigh with you. We'll take caTe of this poor gentle man until Dr. Bewley can send the keepers to remove him. But how it came to pass that the doctor shouldn't have recognised that he had got hold of the wrong man is a wonder to us all" ' " He would have done, I think, had he been able to supervise his patients as usual, but his health had entirely broken down and he had been forced to engage a gentleman to take his place in his absence. All this time he and his wife had been abroad ; the usual attendants on my brother, the Truemans, left almost im mediately, nor would they have cared to do anything which could hinder their own plot. And as if to aid my brother's design I had justjpaid the half-term for hira in advance. For the rest I was kept very strictly, since I had insisted on it that I was the vicar of Thorpeleigh. It was only by assuming com plete submission and by watching constantly every chance of escape that 1 at length effected it." A greathuzzah went up into the air as the vicar completed his explanation and many hands were "again thrust out towards him in congratulation. Then somebody asked if it would not be well to telegraph to Dr. Bewley. "The doctor has not yet returned home, but the gentleman in charge must be communicated with, certainly," replied Mr. Lufton. Instantly a dozen persons came forward out of the throng offering to send the message, while Margaret proposed to the much-tired clergyman to accompany her home. He thanked her with a sad smile, but excused himself, observing that after suelra prolonged absence the sooner he was atfthe vicarage again the better. "But perhaps you will walk with me as far as our roads go, my dear Miss Thorpeleigh," added he. So Margaret, profoundly moved, set off with her old friend, whom she had despaired of ever seeing again, and they had not gone many steps before they met Lord Lanford hurrying up to know if there was any truth in the last exciting rumor which had reached him. _ Forit had flown like wildfire through the neighbor hood that the veritable Mr. Lufton had indeed returned; the story of his detention in the private asylum and of the existence of his lunatic brother thrilling every listener with the most intense concern and excitement. The most lively satisfaction also mingled with the excitement. To think that after so many fears, after the abandonment of all hope, their vicar was alive.and once more in their midst roused all their latent affection for him. Besides, another story, almost as wonderful, was mixed up with the vicar's stay in the asylum. Ib was owing to the very circumstance which had been so much lamented by them all that it was now made known that the Truemans were impostors, that they were in no way connected with the ladies of Thorpeleigh Court, and that there was now no danger that Thorpeleigh Court would have to be sold and its- youthful owner forfeit half her possessions. : The existence of such a plot 45s that which had been concocted by these miscreants and the marvellous manner in which it had been detected flew from mouth to mouth. So the l03t vicar had been found at last ! The mystery had been fully explained, and certainly the suspicions which had hung darkly and vaguely found the absent Godfrey Byng on this grave matter ought to have been fully dissipated. Margaret's heart_ swelled ami her tears poured down like rain, , when at length, in the solitude of her own room, this thought occurred to her. Whatever else he was guilty of, this one thing could surely never be brought up against him ! And if he was guiltless in this matter, was it not possible that he might be innocent of most of those things which had been laid to his charge? Poor Margaret! She was soon to fiud that it is hard to bring people to change a rooted conviction. Clearly as it was now demonstrated that Godfrey Byng was innocent of having mur dered the.vicar,. there were still a few ignorant folks who imagined that in' some way he had had a hand in inspiriting him away ; that in some as yet unexplained manner he was in league with the Truemans and was to start life with them in New Zealand. It would require far more convincing light on the unfortunate Godirey's career before the good people at Thorpeleigh credited that he had not been concerned in Mr. Button's dis appearance. But Margaret's heart was less full of pain than it had been for many weary days, not withstanding the dread she experienced of having to appear at court and give evidence against the Truemans, who were now both in custody. " If you let such miscreants loose upon society, my dear Miss Thorpeleigh, you expose someone else to the danger of being victimised. We must all'learn to do our duty even when it is painful," said Lord Lariford. The following day Mrs. Beech telegraphed to lier niece that she would be at home the next evening and Margaret wept with joyful emotion that she would once more have the support of this near relative. .. "Why, Margaret! what can have happened to make you look like this ?" exclaimed the re-1 turned traveller, when aunt and niece had exchanged the first greetings/ and Mrs. Beech had said, heartily, how glad she was to he at home again. "A good deal has happened, Aunt Eliza beth, The vicar has come home " "Alive?" interrupted Mrs. Beech, in agi tated tones. ... "And safe and well! Aunt Lily." Then Mrs. Beech grew indignant. * "He had 110 right to treat his parishioners in that way ! What! safe and well! and disap pear without a word." " Don't blame him, auntie, till you hear his story." ; Mrs. Beech wopdered why Margaret should let fall such bitter tears as she gave the recital. "My dear child, what a shock this has given you!" she exclaimed. ■ . The next moment Mrs. Beech herself re ceived a shock from her niece's unpremeditated utterance— " Oh, auntie, what do you think people are saying no\v about it and beginning to believe ? Tliey sajf that Godfrey Byng was the insti gator of this plot—thaf He ' suggested and con trived the plot, with the _ Truemans and that they were to take all the risk and he to receive half the gain'. It is said now that this will be the defence setup by those wretched men who are now in custody." • Mrs. Beech grew very much concerned as she listened. It was evident enough that Margaret still remembered the unworthy Mr. Byng, and that she would never be herself again while this was the case. She wished now, with all her heart, that her .niece had accompanied her to America. But this wish came too late, as do so many of our wishes here. "My poor dear Margaret, I must never leave you again. . How much you have borne in silence for nay sake in order to spare me any additional distress when I was so far from home. No punishment is too heavy for those dastardly men who have dared to mate such an evil accusation against poor dear Susan. Oil, I see the reason now of their pretended moderation. They would be satisfied with £5C0V That was because they despaired of ex tracting more from you till their claims were examined in court, and they were well aware that these claims wouid not bear examination. My poor child, they thought you would be an easy prey. The £500 ouce in their possession they would have decamped without loss of time." • " Yes, aunt, I see that' now; and I was on the point of paying over—advancing as I thought the five hundred pounds to enable them to purchase a farm in Australia. It was such an alluring prospect—to get them settled on the other side of the globe. Certainly, if the vicar had not returned these Truemans would have succeeded in their craft." "My darling Margaret. And now I hear that you are going to take poor little Emmie Lawford abroad with you for the winter. Well, I must set off with you, though I am only just come home. What new3 to greet me on my arrival. But I must not talk all night. And the very first thing to-morrow I must go and see Mr. Lufton." The following Sunday the restored vicar preached to an overwhelming congregation, such as had never before filled Thorpeleigh Church and Emmie Lawford, pale 'as a crushed snowdrop, was one of the listeners. Another event which marked this Sunday was the disastrous one of the escape of the Truemans from prison. It was a daring ven ture and succeeded but too well. The culprits got clear off and were not heard of for majay a day. 