THE MYSTERIOUS MARRIAGE. CUAPTEIt XVIII. VKDEKSTOOD AT LAST, Tiio day 8 o£ her imprisonment in the email, dark upper room in the small dark upper room in the cottage B t Cloudalkin dragged wearily enough to the youug Lady Nora. . Uer gaoler, Mrs Fogarty, visited her thrico daily, bringing with her a supply oi broad and water, which constituted tho girl's prison fare, and at these periods tho woman urged her captive to yield to her guardian's demands, but she might as well have pleaded lo marblo. The young Lady Noraheard with a haughty disdain, but did not even roply to her. Three or four days thus passed. . At midnight, on tho fourth day of Jfora's captivity, whon the house was wrapped in darkness aud silence, a ]ow aud subduod knocking was heard upon the front door of the Yew Nora, pacing her lonely coll, sleep lees and harassed, heard it. :? Mrs Fogarty, slcoping lightly in 4or upper chamber, also heard it, and started upright in her bod. The knocking was ropoated cautiouely. Mrs.. Fogarty ar6se, threw on hor outor gaamonts, raised her window, and looked; out. The night was light: enough for observa tions. A man, email of stature, with a shrinking, insignificant figure, was standing on the step, with face upraised. Tho man was her employer, and the Lady Nora's kinsman, Mr Michaol Kildare. Mrs Fogarty slammed her window to, lighted a candlo, and hurried down stairs. A moment later she admitted tho Dublin lawyer, and -secured tbo door behind him. ." - ' Woll, Mrs .Fogarty,' said Mr Kildnro, 'what is the news? Has the Lady Nora conic- to her senses?'- 'Sorry a bit,' replied , Mrs Pogarty. ' It's a big job I've undertaken,' your honour. I have shut her up continual, and have fed her on eruste and cold water, hut it's the'pride of Lucifer eho has! She won't give in till she's dead!' ???..." : Tho lawyer contracted his .brows eharply. ' ????? ?-:??- ?? ' 1 almost wish' she was dead !' he muttorod, half inaudibly. .'l'mafraid I've got a Tartar to deal'with !' ' "What's that your.hbnbur. says ?' asked Mrs Fogarty, .pricking up her ears. ' ' ?""'?V- ? ? ?? 'Nothing. I'll have a talk with Lady Nora myself.. Sho may display a different spirit to me. Give me tho light and the key 6t the young lady's door, Mrs Fogarty, and I will pay her a visit. Do you stay down here in tho hall till I return.' ? Mrs Fogarty withdrew the key from her pocket and gave it into the lawyer's bauds. Sbo thert sat' down upon the hall chair, while Michaol Kildare took up the light, and ascended tbo stairs with tho tread of a cat. Arrived at Nora's door, be knocked lightly. ...--.. * Aro you awake, Nora ?' he asked, bending his ear to tho keyhole. The steady footfalls within the coll' ceased to sound on tho still air, nnd the young girl, halting, answered — 'lam awake. Are you coming in ?' For answer, the lawyer unlocked tho door, swung it ajar, and went in. Tho Lady Nora was standing in the. centre of tho bare and miserable cell, and her face was turned towards him. Tho lawyer studiod her countenance, to detect in it some signs of terror or of submission. In vain. The bright, spirited eyes looked at him in haughty contempt. Tho proud, sweet face glowed with tho indignation of an untamed uoul. Thero was no craven submission in tbo slight, erect figure, no slavish fear in the poise of tho little, haughty head. Bright and proud, and fearloss as she had always been, so was she now, in spite of her misfortunes and advorsitics.' Thero was a brave soul under that soft and dainty oxterior. ' My poor child !' sighod tho lawyer, setting down hie light, and standing with his back against tho door, ' My poor Nora! It makes my heart blood to find you hero !'' And ho glanced at her miserable surroundings. ' Tho girl's proud lips curled in dis dain. . . . . : ' Hypocrite !' she said, in her sweet, high voice, and with a scornful em. phasis. . ?-. ? Tho lawyer ropoated the word with apparently sorrowful surprise. ' You do not like the name ?' said tho Lady Nora. 'I wish I knew a word with tho same meaning, but a thousand times the force! Base hypocrite! False guardian! False friend! I have found you out at last!' The lawyer looked at her in soeming grief. ' And this is the spirit in which I nnd yqu?' ho cried. ' Still dis obodiont, still rebellious, still con tumacious! I came,,here to-night, ?tvora, hoping to find you in an humble and submissive state of mind. I havo ft horso and carriage at the door, and I expected to take you home with n>o. xou will break my heart, Nora. I, who stand in a parent's place to you, am doomed, it eeeins, to experience a parunt.s deepest sorrow,theingratitudo of a well-beloved child! O Nora! 'Norn.! , ???? '?,;??' ?' ? - .* ?? ?? ?? .A atom smile gathered about the girj s beautiful: mouth; a stern look gleamed like the flash of an unsheathed sword from her sunny eyes;' i \ d? not wonder that I wae deceived,'. B he said; slowly. .'' You womd have deceived one more sus picious than. I, Michael Kildare* Even now, did I not know you so well, I might think you well-meaning.' And am I not, Nora P' The stern smile on Nora's lips deepened.'. ???' : ? .. - -_.'??'? r . .'Ask yourself that question,' she eaid. Michael Kildare, it was a bad day far you when you shut mo. up iu this house ! It was a bad day for you when you dootnod mo to this dark aud wretched solitude !' The lawyer's face changed despite his great self-control. ' What do you mean ?' bo asked, hastily. . 'I mean, Michael Kildaro, that I have learned in. this prisou cell to think and reason as I never thought and reasoned before Aud I. havo thought out many things of which you do hot dream. From my earliest childhood you were a favourite guest at Kildaro Castle. _-."-. You wore my father's lawyer, , and trusted, 'con fidential friend. When papa died, leaving my property to the care of Sir Rus.sel Ryan, be yot made you an associatelguardian of my property and person. You protended to love me with a fathor's love,-and all the while you nourished schemes against me.' Michael Kildaro'e faco grow, pale, and a dangerous glittor appeared in hie eyes. . ' You talk wildly,' ho said in a etrango voico. ' I spoak the truth, , said tho young Lady Nora, boldly, and with sternly Hashing eyes. ' You have had designs against me all these years.' ' Tho lawyer started, and an appre hensive, look darkened his visage. 'This appearance of the proeont Lord of Kildare—the pretended lord —has been looked forward to by you for years!' exclaimed tho girl, with passionate emphasis. ' Have I not noticed discrepancies in your state ments? And yet I would have boen deceived to the end, but for the con versation ? which I accidontly over heard in your library. I should have gone on, receiving your caresses and kindly words as coming from a loving heart, and- the man you champion would havo flourished upon that of which you and he have despoiled'mo. Shall I tell you of what I have sus pected until suspicion has grown poiitivo belief ?' ' Yes, tell me,' said- tho lawyer, watching her witfi his glittering eyes. ' Listen, then,' said the young Lady Nora, reading-iu his guilty face tho confirmation of all her worstsuspicions. ' Listen to what I know ! In the first place, Michaol Kildare, your love for me has been al! pretence, all seem ing——' ' By heaven, no, Nora !' -The young girl paid no heed to the interruption. . 'In the second place,', sho said, 1 you havo planned Redmond Kil daro's whole life, from, tho hour in which you first knew of his existence. In his infancy you planned to make him some day Earl of Kildare. This has been your great object in life. You havo schemed and hoped and worked to this end. You have lived a lifo of hypocrisy, with this aim always in view. You intended to sweop away every obstacle between Redmond Kildaro and the prize you meant him to win, but you waited, with matchless patience, until the only obstacle in the path was one weak, delicate girl, who trusted you, and who had been intrusted to your care. Whilo my grandfather lived, and my father lived, you kept silent. When thoir deaths . left the way compara tively clear, then you made your villainous move.' Michael Kildaro's face grew livid. His eyes started from their sockets. An apparition from tho tomb could not hava torrified him more than tbeso words , from tbat young girl's lips. Seeing that her shafts had etruck homo, the Lady Nora continued, with awful sternuess — 'Michael Kildare, I know, from that conversation I overheard, that this young man. Hedmond, has no right to the place he has stolen. It is still mine in the-sight of heaven. It must be mine again in the sight of man.' ' You know on what.terms.it can. bo again yours, Nora,' said tlyj lawyer, shivering. . ?..-,,. \- ' I will never loud my aid to strengthen . that usurper's claims, , cried the young girl. .' Did I not love another, I could not marry this man.' Tho declaration struck the lawyer with all the force of a great and uu alterablp truth. The gray pallor on his face took a sickly, greenish tint. A rod flamo leaped to his eyes, and a ghastly, awful smile convulsed his visage. At that moment ho was awful to look upon. . Even the Lady Nora recoiled a stop, with a sensation of terror. Ho looked to hor, with all his softness and smoothness thrown nsido, like the incarnation of ovil, like the embodi ment of somo deadly and awful pur pose. ' Ho stands rovoaled at last,' eho thought. ' Ob, heaven, he is capable of anything. , ' ' Do you know what that last-sen tonco of yours - implies ?' asked Michael Kildare; in a thick whisper. 'Whatever it implies, I adhere to it, , assorted the Lady Nora, with | undaunted courage. Again that ghastly, sinister, awful spile played about Michael Kildaro's lipe. ? ' The girl fixed her eyes upon him with scathing brightness, and de manded abruptly— ' Michael Kildare, what secret tie is thore between you and Redmond Kildaro ?' -. ' Tho lawyer,.answered only by a sudden hiss. ..... /. . * Iβ it that ho has promised you money to help you P Will he share with you his ill-gotten gains ? Or is thero some deeper mystery behind all this?' . .?-??;>' : Michaol Kildaro glared at his young kinswoman with a demon's fury. ; ' You. know too much, Nora,' he hissed. 'It bad beeu batter for you to have played against mo a woman's cunning, had you meant to win, instead",of this outspoken boldness. A covered band might have grasped a prize. The band plainly exhibited may be cut off. Do you uudei stand ?' ' I understand,' eaid tlio young girl, gravely. ' But I havo not a coward's soul —like you. I have Bpokcn out boldly and fearlessly, for I am a Btraugcr to what you call a woman's ' cunning, , and what I torm hypocrisy. I know you as you are, .Michael Kil dare, and-you, perhaps, know me at last as I am.' ? \ ' And what do you intend to do with your precious' discoveries ?' sneered Kildarc, still in hie hissing voice. 'I do not choose' to declare ? my plans.' ??--? v ? ?".. ' You havo plans, then ? You mean to* escape,', perhaps—to slip over to- Euglaud—to see Sir Kuseel Kyan? And once in tho presence of Sir Russel, the stern, immaculate, puritan soulod Anglo-Irishman, you will un- | bosom yourself of your suspicions! You will tell him all that you have said to mo to-night?. You.will repeat the conversation you overheard in my house ? You. will donourico Lord Kildaro and me as conspirators', and demand that Redmoud'a claims to Point Kildare be contested ? This is your programme ?' ?' ' .? ; The Lady Nora, did riot reply. 'Kildare took her silence as con eout, and the red flame, in his eyes danced and glowed liko wrecker's firo j and the demoniac look on his visage grew more intense. . ? ? 'I would like to give you a last chance to patch up a truce,' ho said, in | a low and faltering .voice,—'a last chance '. . ? : . ! ' Then you must propose something 1 new, , said tho Lady Nora. '.You have my decision in regard, to this fellow conspirator of yours, Redmoad Kil dare. I am ready to boar this im prisonment ne long as your patience holds out. Sooner or later, of course, you will be compelled to grant mo my freedom. You cannot hide a woman like me away from her friends a long timo without inquiries being made for her. Lord O'Neil will demand my whereabouts. .Lady Kathleen will in quire for me. Suspicions will light upon you,.and you will be. com polled to produce me.' As her latest remark showed, tho young, girl apprehended nothing worse at tho bands of her kinsman than a prolonged captivity. Aβ well as she was beginning.to know this mild-eyed, smooth-faced man, she did not yet half comprohond his capabilities for wickedness. Kildaro, with the smile wo have described seemingly frozen on hie face, slowly took up tho light, and as slowly opened the door. and sidled out, keeping his blazing eyes fixed on Norn. Once outside the door, he closed it abruptly, locked it, and descended the stairs. Mrs Fogarty, half asleep, was awaiting his return iu the lower hall. 'The-saints be between us and barm !' she ejaculated. ' Why, your honour looks as if you had seen a* ghost!' ? ' I am in the humour to make one,', said tho lawyer, grimly. ' My ward causea me a great deal of trouble, Mrs Pogarty. Wo shall have to keep up this system of bread and water and close confinement. But I'm afraid that even those things will not break hor spirit!' 'If I couldn't broak her spirit, I'd break her head, as my old man used to say of niOj , said Mrs Fogarty, coarsely. ' Tho girl's as obstinate as a mulo, and has nearly worn the life out of me. And tho.way she's shrieked for help at times has been enough to make one's hair stand on end! Last night I expected to seo tho police rush in all tho way from Dublin,, lot alono tho neighbours! You'll nevor do anything with her, your honour, and may as well lot hor out at wonet!' ' You think eo ?' 'I do. If sho won't mnrry the man she'd ought, why you'll havo to let her throw herself away, your honour. She ain't to be driven.' . A look came upon tho lawyer's face .that made tho old woman tromble. ' She will mako mo . trouble,' he muttered, 'unless I do something. I wish I had tho right sort of man-to hold me pian and act. I wish——' ' Sure, tho devil will send tbo man you're wanting,' said Mrs Fogarty, convinced that the ' help' Kildare required was of a description which tho father of evil would delight in. 'You've only to look round.' - ' At this juncture a stealthy step was hoard without, . . " The lawyer and the widow were alike silent. Tho former inetinctively. shielded the light with his person. Then the door was softly tried from tho outside. It did not yield. The next minute there was a low, grating, rasping sound in tho lock, as of one turning the key with a burglar's im plements. Tho lawyer drew a pietol ready for use. ? Mrs Fogarty turned sick with terror. Presently the door was pushed softly ajar. It opened more and more widely, and a man's form wriggled through the aporturo into the hall. There was one moment of -wild astonishment on either eide, and the intruder was about to retreat, and' Kildare, who bad shrunk book to the wall, was about to fire, when Mrs, Fogarty, with a shriek of joy, bounded towards the door, crying out-^- 'It's Tim ! It's'my boy Tim come .home. . It was indeed Tim Fogarty, alias Murplo, Bassantyne's quondam valet, and in most wretched guise. And at sight of his villainous face, Kildare put up his pistol,-and his face glowed with delight. ' Tho devil has sent mo tho help I want,' bo muttered. ' And just in time!' - . . v - . ? -. ? CttA-PTEU XIX. A VILLAINOUS COMPACT. Aβ we havo said, Tim Fogarty, alias Murplo, was in most wretchod guise During tho fortnight which had elapsed since his hurried flight from the hotel in Dublin, after his recogni tion of Lamo Bill, ho had passed through several stages of sccdiness aud povorty, and now presented a strong family resemblance to tho great tribe of beggars which infests all the Irish uud English cities. ? Ho was ragged and dirty, tiushaven and un shorn, and this neglect of his personal appearance added to his usual sinister aspect. It was a . wonder that even his mother had the courage and tho affection to recognize and to claim him. It was no wondor (hat the smooth, mild-faced, gentlo-socming scanning him ho closely through gentle, half-shut oyos, should deem'him an emissary from the fathor of ovil, and just the man of all othors .to assist him in carrying out his nefarious plane. Fogarty, or Murple, had not fol lowed tho circuitous route of flight laid out for him by Bassantyue, aud which had been-intended to bring him at its close to Ballyconnor. He bad .intended to follow it to tho- letter, aud had-indeed gono to Drogheda, but hero he had fallen in with some jolly alehouse frequenters, made their acquaintance, and romained to culti vate their society until his money was all epent in drinking and gaming. Tho ond of the fortnight found him still, at Drogheda, poor and penniless, his best garmonts disposed of for board, and utter destitution, staring him -in tho face. At this crisie of affairs, he bad decided to write to Bassantyne to Bond him money, and was indeod on his way to a stationer's to invest his last threepence in paper, peu, and a stamp for the purpose,' when, to his horror, he encountered his old oncoiy, Lame Bill, face to faco 1 Losing his courage utterly at this rencontre, and comprehending in an instant that Lame Bill was searching for him, Fogarty turned and fled down the nearest street, darting into alleys and by-ways, and nerer resting until ho had completely distanced Lame Bill, who bad sprung after him in quick pursuit. The fugitive did not return to the inn where he had been lounging, but, with a wbolesomo horror of the law, with which Lame Bill was now asso ciated in his eyes, ho struck out for the opon country, and made his way by slow and circuitous routes to Clondalkin, bogging hie food as ho went, and sleeping at night iu iick yards, or under hedges. ~" Ho bad arrived at Clondalkin a half hour before midnight on this night of Michael Kildaro'e visit to his ward. At an alehouse, where he had halted to beg a drink, in the outskirts of tho .village, ho bad cautiously made in quiries for Mrs Fogarty, and was told that sho lived at YewCottago, a place he well - knew as belonging to his aunt, Mrs Kildare's city lioueekeepor. Then he had stolen, with slow and creeping steps, to Yew Cottage. Tho lawyer's horso and phaeton wore hidden in the shrubbery, and he did not detect their presence. No light showed from within tho dwelling. ' The old lady is asleep,' ho said to himself, as he stealthily crept up the steps. ' If I knock and arouse her, the neighbours may hear. Lame' Bill may be watching in the neighbour hood ; ho may oven bo lurking about the grounds. The stillest way is the best way. Once in, I can find my way to tho old lady, so hero goes !' It was thus that ho stole into the cottage liko a burglar, and found himself, to his terror and amazement, confronted, not only by his motli or) but by tho Dublin lawyer, ifhoav ho had formerly known, and whointt' ho recognisod in an instant. Ho Would have retreated, but bis motbor claeped him round the neck, and tho lawyor closed and locked the door, withdraw ing tho key. . . 'What aro you nfraid of, Tim? , asked Mr Kildare, in his soft, mellifluous tones. 'Not of me, surely ? I wouldn't botray you for a thousand pounds. You.are as safe with mo as with your own mother!' Fogarty looked at tho lawyer doubt- Jfully and sullenly, and with a. treacherous expression in hie eyes. As ho had no money, bo regarded a lawyer as. his natural enemy. '1 know all about you,' continued Mr Kildarc, fixing his cat-like gazo full upon.tho fugitive.' "' I know that you are nu escaped convict, and that, the Dublin police, through 'some strange quartor, have, got wind of your presence in tho country. 1 know, too, that they are looking for you. and a. fellow- convict of yours-jr-a' scheming, murderous fellow, with the manners and looks of a poutloman. I know that a heavy reward -is offered for this man's capture- and yours, and. that moro than one person is anxious to handle tho reward money !' The fugitive breathed hard. A . dangerous look appeared on his. savago face. He worked his bands nervously. ? ' You know too much !' he muttered.- The lawyer smiled. 'Not so,' he answered. 'I like a fellow of pluck. I like you, Tim Fogarty. You have only to' sav , the word, and you and I can be friends, and on the best of terms. Moro than that: while I am protecting you, I can put you in the way of making a bit of money—say twenty pounds or so.' The fugitive, still incredulous, stared at the lawyer, and with a greedy look in his eyes. ' Listen to that now, Tim,' said Mrs Fogarty. ' His honour twill protect you, and give you twonty pounds for doing a bit o£ work—good luck to him I You'll do as ho says, Tim, dear?' ' Is it in earnest he is ?' asked Fogarty, doubtfully. 1 Yes, I an in earnoet,' declared the lawyer, with a sincerity the fugitive could no longer doubt. ' I have , got a little irregular sort of buuiiaess oa hand, and I want eomobody to help mo in it.' ' Irregular, oh ?' muttered Tim. ' Well, I'm your man. I'm used to ' irregular' business, I am. Anything in the way of a house-burning ? That's what I took my v'y'go for, you may remember. Or would you want some thing that another chap owns? I'm good at lagging ' 1 I'll tell you what I want, but not just yet,' said Mr Kildaro. ' Just now you want food and driuk. You look famished.' ' I am very near, , assorted Fogarty. ' l'vo had nothiug to eat since noon.. 'Then the first thing to do is to give you Homo food,' said the lawyer; ' Mrs Fogarty, tlio shutters are close in the parlour, and Tim and I will go in thero and wait, while you bring up some supper.' As he spoke, he opened tbo parlour door, and passed into "the. room, taking tho candle with him. Tim- Fogarty, alias Murple, followed him. Mrs Fogarty, muttering to herself, doscendod to the basement in tho darkness, in search of anothor candle and food for her son. . . ?, - Lett to thonisolves, the two men, whoso stations in life so widely diffored—tho one being a lawyor, of reputation, honoured, rospectod, and esteemed, the other being a runaway convict, and, like Cain, ' his hand agaiust every man, and ovory man's hands against him '—sat down, facing each'othor. Aud presently, without Kildaro's having revealed his plans, tho two men had arrived at an understanding with each other, so far that Fogarty trusted the lawyer, and felt at ease in his presence, and Kildaro came to the conclusion that by playing upon the fears and the groed of tho escaped convict he could mould him to his will. . . a Mrs Fogarty came up with another light, a tray laden with cold meat, bread, and a bottle of ale*, she having a weakness for Dublin porter and kindred beverages. The fugitive took the tray on bis knees, and fell to eating as if nearly starved. The lawyer watched him as he ate, and studied his countenance closely. ' ' He has more of tbe animal in him than of the intellectual,' thought Kildare. ' Odd that there's such a difference in families. There's Mrs Liffey, this fellow's aunt, who. only needs fino clothes to blossom out as a lady. I could do worse than marry her, although I don't intend to do that. And-there's Mrs Fogarty, Mrs Liffey's sister, also a gontlowoman by birth, but of coarse nature and vulgar soul, ready to do anything bad for money. . And hero's Mrs Fogarty's son, who ought to be a respectable tradesman, or even an architect, like Mr Liffey, or a professional man ; and what is ho ? No street gamin grown to manhood could have greater aptitude for crime than Tim Fogarty. And no street thief has a viler record than he. And, perhaps, as far as I am concerned, it is just as woll. If I wore to marry Mrs liiffey, no one would ever need to know that this wretch Fogarty is her nephew. But I do not intend to marry her, and shall get rid of her just when she ceaees to bo useful. So with this fellow. Meanwhilo he can bo very useful to me.' . None of these dark reflections, how ever, appeared in the gentlo, soft featured face of tho elderly lawyer. Instead, a bonovolont stnilo glowed on his delicate visage, and ho stroked his chin leisurely with ono email, white hand. When-Fogarty had appeased his hunger and cleared the tray, tho lawyor said— . ' ' Now you may leave us, Mrs Fogarty. Tim and I bavo business to talk over. You will have the rest of tho night to talk with him, you know.' The widow assonted, and took up tho tray and the extra light, and with drew. When the sound of her foot steps bad died out of tho hall, aud .Mrs Fogarty had gono up to her own room, Mr Kildare quietly locked the parlour door, and drew his chair close to that of tho fugitive. ' Now lot Jis understand oach other, my friend,' ho said. 'I have got a big job on band for you. You will have to work cautiously, and in dis guise. When you shall have finished the job,' I snail' require you to leave tho country—to emigrate, in fact. , 'On twenty ponnds ?' ' '?No ; if the job is well done, you shall have enough to take you across tbo ocean, and set you up in some decent business. But it must be understood that you will go.' 'Oh, yes, I'll- go,' said Fogarty, glibly, adding, mentally, that bo would go down to Wicklow, and hide at Ballyconnor, where he would, be as safo as in America, ' And how what is tho. business ?' The lawyer hesitated to make a confidant of this man. ' '? - After a little silonco spent in a closo Btudy of Fogarty's countonance, Mr Kildare drew still Bearer to thofugitivo captive, and said— ' 'You may know, Tim, that' I am an as?ociato guardian of my young -kins woman, the Lady Nora Kildare— '? —' ' Yes, I know.'. " : . ' Another claimant has'lately , arisen to Point Kildare, 'and this ? new claimant is now the earl, and in full possession.' ' I know that too, , interrupted Fogarty, hastily and nnguardedly. ' You do ?' Ah, you saw it in the papers ? It's the great seneation of tho day—that, and the Lady Kath loen Connor's singular and sudden marriage. They form tho chief sub ject of conversation at overy club, party nseembly, or ale-house.' Evory journal contains soma allusion to theeo two sonsations. High and low alibo-iiecuss thom. Tho new Earl of Kildaro will bo the lion of the season if be will only bliow himself. Ho is a handsome follow, and worthy of his exalted position.' ' Is he at Kildare Castlo now? , asked Fogarty. 'No, he is iu Dublin on businoes. I soo him often. In fact, I wanted him to stay at my house, as I am his kinsman and am to bo his lawyor ; but bo preferred aa hotel. But to return to the point. My ward tho Lady Nora Kildare, is now my especial charge. Sir Uussol ltyan giving up his post with tho loss of her property. It has been my wish that Nora should marry her cousin, but sho rof uses. She is an obstinate, self-willed creature, and has given mo much trouble.' ' It, is the way of gals,' observed I'ogarty/ ? , 'Sho.was sorobellioua, iu fact,' said tho lawyor, keopiug a koen watch on his companion through his sleopy lookmg eyes, * that I was obliged to deal harshly with her. In short, Fogarty, I brought her to this house four nights ago. . And she is up stairs at this moment, a helpless prisoner.' Fogarty nearly leaped from, his chair. . ? 'In this houso !' he ejaculated. ? ' Yes, in the dark room at tho head of tho stairs. Sho is - ppor, without money, and without friends. I have given out in Dublin that she has gone down to Ballyconnor. And—there is one thing more, Fogarty. Tho girl is in my way. , ? 'In your way?' repeated Fogarty, stupidly. ' Yes. Don't repoat every word I say, liko a parrot. Such words nro not pleasant enough to bear repeti tion, nor innocent enough to be often uttered. Kemember tho old saying, that ' walls have cars.' ' ' _' But if sho is in your , way, what will you do ?' The lawyer roplied, in a hissiug whisper— [ . \ ' Remove her !' ? The eyes o£ tho mcu mot fully. Then Fogarty set to trembling. Through the mild,' innocent mask of Kildaro's looks, he bad gazed down into hie very soul, and bad seen thoro a hideous and awful purpose, coiling liko a deadly hydra about to spring. ' Oh, I cau't!' ho said, tremulously. ' I ain't so bad as that! She ain't harmed you. And sho's only a young girl—an innocent, helpleea creetur , ! Oh, I can't!' ' The lawyer half withdrew his hand from his inner coat pooket, and tho gleam of an ivory-mounted pistol caught tho oscapod convict's eye. _' llefu?O to obey my commands,' eaid Kildaro, ' ami I will deliver you up to the police with my own hands. Or I will sot them on your track, if you should not promise to obey me, and then make your escape to- morrow. Youaroiu my power, Tim Fogarty, and you will have to do my bidding !' A steol-liko gloum shot from Michael Kildaro's eyes, and the soft, full lips compressod thomaelves into an expression that atruclc terror to Fogarty's soul. < ' Oh, I don't know what to do ?' ho muttered. 'I'm a bad man, but not so bad as this! A poor, innocent young girl! - What has she done, Mr Kildare?' 4 She knows too much !' Fogarty looked bewildered. ' It is enough for you to kuo<v that I want her removed, .and that I want you to remove her!' said tho lawyor, softly. ? No scruples, Fogarty, unless you prefer to return to your Aus tralian homo. Do you miud? You will obey, or go back. AVhich shall it be?' A cold sweat broke out ou Fogarty's - face. 4 1—I will oboy !' ho whispered. 'That is well. Now 'listoii to my plan.' ? /. Up proceeded to unfold it, in a low, cautious whisper, his hand on his pistol, bis cat-liko eyes full on tho horror-stsuck ones o"f his confede rate. ' You understand ?' he said at last, when ho had concluded. 4 Yes,'said Fogarty, hoarsoly. 4 The rest is oney. You will remain at this cottage, safety hidden, until to-morrow night. To-morrow morn ing I will send you in a box a suit of docent clothes, a wig, and a beard. You mil disguiso yoursolf in them.' ' But the, boat—how am I to get the boat?' 4 Aβ soon as the disguise'comes, put it on; then go to Kingstown and charter a small sloop, of any descrip tion'; then return home. And to morrow night tho job I havo ordered must be done—and you must do it alono! When it is dono I will meet you.hero, say four and twenty, home later. Here is tho money with which to charter a small vessol.' Ho took out his pockot book and counted out ten sovereigns. Fogarty took-them'up greedily. The lawyer spent a little further time in explain ing his designs, and thou took his departure. Fogarty went with him to the door, and gavo him egress, after which the fugitivo crept up the stairs to his. mother's room, whore 'tho widow eagerly awaited his coming. Mr Kildaro softly descended tho cottage steps, and moved towards tbo shrubbory, whore his horso and chaiso wore in waiting. Am ho did so a woman's . (iguro emerged from the shadow of a clump of lilacs. .The liguro was that of AUcen Mahou, the Lady Nora's maid. . ?, Wan and worn with much wcoping, thin an a shadow, as an occasional gleam of light through the trees upon her face showed, Allqoii moved with the stealth of a panther, .her faithful, affectionate soul on tiro to discover hor lost young mistress. '" Since the night of tho Lady Nora's disappearance .from Mr Kildare'n house in Dublin, Alloou bad strayed on, undeceived by tho .plausible tale that her young lady had boon sent for by the Lady Kathleen' Baesantync, and that she had left in such hasto to obey the summons that she ' was obliged to leave her maid behind. Day aftor day tho faithful girl bad watchod and waited for some messago from the Lady Norn, and sbo bad trailed iu vain. Thoo, becoming sus picious o£ tlio now Earl of Kildare, who 'called at the house doily, Alloeu had written a latter to the Lady Kathleen, inquiring if tho Ludy Nora were at Ballyconnor. To this letter tho Lady Kathleen roplied iu wild alarm, eaj'iug that sbo bad not seen her etep-sietcr since parting from her at tbo station in Dublin. Tbo effect of this letter upon pjor, pretty, faithful Alleon may bo imagined. Almost wild with auxiety, sho had written a letter to Lord O Noil, and, being new to Dublin, had induced a fellow-servant to poet it. This servant, tbo housokoopor, had botrayod her to Mrs Liffey, placing the letter iu tho housekeeper's hands. Of coureo, tho letter thus intor coptod was road by the housekeeper and by tho lawyer. Alleou was called up to tbo drawing-room, and while not permitting her to know that her letter hod not been posted, Mr Kil daro threatened hor with nil tho terrors of tho law, if she declared any suspicions that his story concerning his young-? kineman's whereabouts was false Ho then aesurod hor anew that her youug mistress was at Bally connor, and paying her hor wages, dismissed her, ordering her to return . to Point Kildaro, and to hor father, who was still steward there, by the first train. Alleon loft the lawyer's houso within tho hour, but only to bide hor eelf in a quiet inn in a humble quarter of tho city. And then ehe began a eystotn of ospionago upon Mr Kildaro, and-upon the new earl. While she was thus engaged sho remomborcd to have heard tho house maid who had betrayod her say ouco, casually, that Mrs Liffoy was no bettor than other people, having d aistor, as poor as any peasant, living out at Clondalkin, and having charge of Mrs liiffoy's solo property, Yew Cottage. By somo'inspiration tho girl had decided that day to pay Yow Cottage a visit, and had <omo out in a cab that evening, somo hours in advance of tho lawyer. Dismissing hor cab at tho street cornor, sbo bad come on to Yew Cottage, tho name of which was indicated by a sign on tho gate, and. effected an entrance into the grounds, wboro hlio had been lurking all tho ovoning. As tho lawyer at last mado his egres? from tho cottage, the girl recogniuod him. Her joy at the ro cognition may bo imagined. The sight of him at that place, at that hour, after hor suspicions of him, sho regarded as projf positive that the Lady Nora was within the dwell ing. How her heart boat! How her face glowed there in the darknoss of tho hedgo to which eho retreated. 'My suspicions woro right, after all,' sho murmured. ' That day I over-' board some words between Mr Kildaro and Mrs Liffey about my Lady Nora was a lucky day for mo ! Yet all they said was somoting about. ' breaking her spirit. . She refused to marry tho new earl, I know. Mr Kildaro must havo brought her to Mrs Liffey's bouse to stay till eho gives in. My poor Lady Nora! My poor - Lady Nora!' She waited until Mr Kildaro bad departed, and tbo sound made by his carriage whcole bad died out in tbo still night air. Then she aroeo and commenced to wander around tho house, looking up at tho windows with a yearning gaze. No light beamed from those upper windows. No lovely, despairing faco was pressod against tho glass. ' Yeieho's ia there! I know she is !'thought tho faithful girl. 'And I must seo her! I will boo hor I' But how?' She tried tho doors and windows in the desperation of her affectionate zeal. All woro fastened. Most of tho windows woro ahutterod. ' I can't got in,' thought tho .girl, at last, in hor despair. ' X shall have to go back to Dublin without seeing hor. Perhaps it's best to, for if I got into tho houeo I might bo diecovorcd... I might tele graph to Lady) Kathleen, but her husband might botray no to Mr Kil dare. Strange that Lord O'Neil did not answer my letter. I'll telegraph to him as early as I can, after reach ing Dublin. By to-morrow night ho will bo hero. And to-morrow night my lady shall bo free.* Thus strengthening hor "Hinging heart, tho courageous girl reluctantly turned from tho cottage, and atolo from tho grounds. Having paid and dismissed tho cab on bor arrival, nothing remained for hor but to walk back to Dublin, which sho proceeded to do. (To be continued.) 