Passing Notes. Behold the Maiden Lady's paper ! Under date October 28 iB printed therein—Our Sydney Letter—not of a year ago mind you, not of three inohths ago even, but a letter actually dated as late as October (i. Surely something must have gone wrong in the office. Fancy thus early, only 22 (lavs after it was written—Our Sydney Letter. Then the information—The Premier back again. Ghost of Sir John, we've had—but never mind what we've had since then. We simply write this to place 011 record tlint at last the "West Australian" is losing its groper instincts and inclinations, and is becoming up-to-date. Only 22 days behind, really it's too much—pass the "Sal ammoniac," we axe faint !: The Coolgardie paper states that—"Since the revival of hostilities by the hill tribesmen in Afghanistan against the British, intense interest has been taken by their compatriots on these fieldB as to the success or otherwise of their brethren. Every day the newspapers are read to them by an Afghan or Hindoo who understands English, and the Coolgardie contingent has been kept well informed of the affairs of the war. There are among the Afghans here men who came from the border tribes, and aB a consequence they have either fathers or brothers interested in the conflict against the British. Communication between the disturbed portion of Northern India and Western Australia has also been kept up. From all that can be learned the There is another romance in the jecraye. Tl.e new Earl of Egmont was born at Papanui, Canterbury, New Zealand, and his chances of succeeding to the title w ere so remote that, after an education 011 l.oaid the Y\ orcester training ship, he shipi cd before tlie mast. Then lie became a ttieman, and served in various nations in the Metropolitan brigade. Subseqi intly l.e was appointed hallkeeper at the Chelsea Tow11 Hall. Here he behaved in a somewhat eccentric manner. On one occasion he emptied a hall during a noisy meeting by dircharging a v olume of water 011 the rival politicians', and on another he ivui.cd out the lights at a dancing party, and left the revellers in total darkness. Aherwaids he worked in a silt mine, started a ceir.ent business, which failed, and emigrated to the Cape, from which he returned two years ago. The new countess is said to have been a barmaid. Mr. Burt may be congratulated 011 the easy and tranquil manner in which be was slipped out of the Premier's leash. Compared with the " retirement " of Mr. Venn, Mr. Burt's departure from the Ministerial runks is as a gentle breeze to a thunderstorm. Ernest Cavill, the Australian swimmer has added another victory to his long list. In his first match of three with McCusker for the World's Champioi ship, over a quarter of a mi'.e, he swam plucfeily and defeated the American champion by three yards, in the time of 6min. 26|eec., which, however, is only fair. To-day, Oct. 30, the two contestants swim the second match of the rubber at Leicester, over a distance of half a mile. If the American shotllc So we've got the bridge over the Williamstreet ciossing at last. Such a beautiful, substantial, well-finished, nicely painted bridge too ! And the Railway authorities intend putting gates in front of the level crossing so as to give the public a gentle h nl that they are not to go that way, but to mount the nice, wide, smoothly laid planks of t lie bridge 011 one side, pause 011 the top of it for a while to view in the foreground the sweet grey clouds of city dust, and far away and all around where the dirty buildings do rot block your view, the glorious golden sand that Western Australia is so famous for. while to your grateful nose come savoury smells, such as one can only sniff in the ordinary beautiful Chinese quarters of a large city. Then as you sigh reluctantly and make room for another passenger, you can make your way down the other incline over the nice w ide, smoothly laid planks of that side, and drop into a pub to do your cursing. It's dangerous to swear in the open street. And you've got a bit to curse over too. The nice, wide, smoothly laid planks, which should have been there, you found to be narrow little slips of jarrah, very irritating to the feet, and you found instead of them being laid close together, these narrow slips liaa an opening between each of them, into which your umbrella unconsciously wandered, and in your endeavour to reclaim it—a present from your ma-in-law—you broke it off short, also that the toes of your boots got down the cracks as you walked, and that the soles of them have been almost torn off. Yes you found this and a lot more, and you have a right to curse, aye, curse voluminously and long the there be 110 other way we will climb over the gates and get run-in, and then kick up a disturbance. The circulation of THE SUNDAY CHRONICLE is increasing every week by leaps and bounds. A tip to those who know that advertising pays. A scientist says—"The way to sleep is to think (<f nothing."' This is a mistake. The way to sleep is to think it is time to get up. At the end of last year the population of the various Australasian capitals was as follows :—Melbourne, 451,110 (more than a third of the whole province); Sydney, 410,UIM (or about a third of the whole of New South Wales) ; Adelaide, 145,212 (nearly a half of the entire population); Brisbane, 100,913 (a fith); Wellington, 41,758 (or an eighteenth); Hobart, 37,885 (nearly a fourth); and Perth. 34,129 (also a fourth.) According to the New South Wales Government statistician, the mineral production table for 1896, shows that Western Australia was fourth on the list with £1,073,246. Of this £1,068,808 was gold, £100 wrs copper, and £4,338 was tin. Thanks to Broken Hill and Newcastle, New South Wales heads this table, with Victoria, gold and coal; Queensland, gold, silver, copper, tin, coal, and other minerals; and New Zealand, gold, coal, and silver next in the order shown. Tasmania makeB a good BIIOW in this table, her figures being —gold, £273,574; silver, £222,948 ; copper, £1,657 ; tin, £159,038 ; coal, £17,354 ; other minerals, £50; total, £638^623. New Zealand is a good second 