Pith and Point. The largest mammoth tuslc yet dis covered was 16ft. In length. Tho consumption of boot-blocking: In Enpltind In one year amounts to a value of £560,000. "The Three Muriceteers" 1b the third act of an Adelphl melodrama the whole way through. Twenty-two coal-laden ships sailing from Newcastle, New South Wales, have been reported as misting at sea since 1888. A first-class merchant steamer costs In building £21 per ton welgtat of hull, and £13 per Indicated horse-power of engines. In the names given In Inverness Direc tory there are 780 varieties, yet the Frasers made up 93 per cent of the whole population. The general rate of pay for all classes of labour In Switzerland is a. little over half as much as Is paid for the same description of work In Great Britain. A man stood Inside the Venetian blinds the other day, and spent fifteen minutes trying to brush a streak of punshlne off his coat with the clothes brash. In Ban Francisco a 17-year-old hus band recently obtained an absolute divorce from his U-year-old wife. He was employed as a messenger boy. A young lady ate half a wedding cake, then tried to dream of her future hus band. Now she says she would rather die than marry the man she saw in that dream. The Paris Jeweller Satin, who waa charged with replacing with paste the Jewels of Mme. de Rute, which had been temporarily intrusted to him, h»s been sentenced to eighteen months' Imprison ment. A. cat's eyes are said to be largest at midnight. We never made an ex amination, but we are'positive that Its voice is about seventeen times larger at that hour than at any other period during the twenty-four. The land on which the two battles of Bull Run were fought is to be sold at public auction early next month, and cut up Into small farms. As the first great battlefield of the war It answers some of the requirements of a national park. Her Majesty the Queen Is not In the habit of wearing much jewellery, but / there Is one trinket she always has on. and that Is a gold bracelet given to her by the late Prince Consort. This, it la said, her Majesty has not unclasped from her arm for the last thirty-four years. This winter there are 28,709 student* In the German universities, 4597 of whom are studying- theology, 8132 law, 8361 medicine, while 7619 are under the philosophical faculty. There Is a dis tinct falling off in the number of students of evangelical theology from last year. Many are the anecdotes told of Dr. Kcate, Mr. Gladstone's head master at Eton, and his constant threat, " I'll flog you"—notably of his way of enforcing the lessonB of the sermon on the mount " Blessed are the pure In heart," said Dr. Keate. " Mind thiat; It's your duty to be pure In heart. If you're not pure In heart, I'll flog you." Fifteen hundred sea otter skins were brought to the traders by Alaska Indians last year, according to the es timate of a trader Just returned to Seattle. Furs oC bears and foxes aggre gating may thousand dollars tn value were also brought in. He says Alaska's wealth In furs Is very great, end In many regions Is yet practically untouched. A singular Corean hat Is a great round mat of straw worn by a mourner. The hat Is bound down at the sides so as almost to conceal the head and face of the wearer. He carries in his hand a screen or fan, and when in the road any one approaches him, he holds the screen In front of Mm, so that It, to gether with the hat, completely con ceals. htm. .9 Intense cold, as is well known, burns —If we may use the term—like beat. II a " drop" of air at a temperature of 180deg. below zero were placed upon the hand it would have the same effect as would the same quantity of molten steel. Every one who hag had the care of horses ought to know the Intense pain oauBcd by placing a frosted bit into a horse's mouth. It burns like hot Iron. In Jamaica a new use has been found for the bicycle. A promineht entomolo gist of the Agricultural Station is travel ling about the Island giving personal in struction in waging war against the various Insects that play such sad havoc with the crops and vines. To the handle-bar of his bicycle he has attached a reBervolr of insecticide, and to his back Is strapped a portable spraying machine. A winter cycle, lately made, has two ' runners, one ahead of the other, and I between them is a pair of treadles like 1 those on a bicycle. From these to a heavy balanced wheel In the rear runs an endless chain, and this wheel turns i a small drive wheel with spurs to stick Into the snow. It Is thought that a per son can travel along hard-beaten coun try roads with this as easy as on a cycle. " QhostJy visitations" Clausen Hom», near Guildford, in Surrey, one of X/h-4 Onflow's mansions, There are upward of fifty persona In Clandon village who claim to have seen the " ghosts," One takes the form of a black dwarf, another that of a lady, sometimes brilliantly, sometimes very sombrely, attired. All the servants at Clandon House say they have seen one or other of the apparitions. 