A REPENTANT GHOST. J 44 So .you . actually bslievecin ghosts P" re- : raarkediOharliei8eavew.ialerrogBtivoly,with an mmountfof flippancy in-his- tone, and aa amused smile ou his- rather boyish face, tohis elder and 'more sedate friend Robert Forder, as they sat together in the former's comfortable bachelor rooms odd evaningitowardstho ckwcof the lost month of the year, discussing a choice blend of' whisky (judioiously commingled with potass), and blowing curly bluo wreaths from unim peachable eigars. 4 r am bound tobelievo-iu thera," replied tbc other in nil BenousnceB. 41 What ? Do you mean to say that you -have seen one ?'' 44 Dooidedly ; I may . say -I almost owe ray wife to a Spook." 44 Come. I say, old man, draw it alitllo traild !" 44 1'll toll you tbo story if youliko.But mind.,. I very, rarely mention tbeaubjuot. I don't oaro aboutit talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand ?" 44 Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for the recital. 11 Co ahead, I'll be us mum as a-a-o what's-its uame," 41 Well, you must know before I secured (through tbo influenco of my fatbsr-hi- lawj my present position aa manager of tbo bunk here, I was pursuing the calling of an accountaut in, Csrcbestcr. After three years' bard lubour I began to feel my feet aud tbink I might venture to usk a certain young lady to sharo my-futurei lot, 1 was tolerably sure that I should meet with no rebuff from uiy darling, but there was a sterniparent to be reckoned- with. 14 1 had mude tbo acquaintaneo of Mr. .Matlhew Turnover, bead of the respected aud old crusted bankiag-houso of 'Turnover Bro thers, and Chcckwell, through ordinarybusinoss intercourse, and wo becamo in time ou quite iutimate terms. I frequently spent my Sun days ut his char mi ug residence iu tho park. He had an only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I out the momentous queatina to the dear girl aud achieved the success I plead guilty to have becu vain enough'to anticipate. "'Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced- no surprise when I told him my tale, as -many fathers do after being themselves tho prime movers in bringing two imprfl9sioBable.young people together. He- was straightforward enough. Told me, al- tbouglrbe had certainly cherished more ambi tious views fur his only child, it was not his in tention to try to enforce his ideas if they wore likely to interfere with his daugh ter's happiness. Still, be was bound to consider the important ques tion of ways and means, and though ho .admitted I had made rapid and substantial progroBs inmy profession— if such it could be. called— he at the samo timo did not consider fchoincomoT was then earning sufficiently large' -to justify ma in taking upon myself the res ponsibility of a wife aud probable contingencies. 4 He wound up by saying : 41 4 Although Eleauor, as you know, is an only cbild, she will not materially benefit through me on her marriage, as-it-is my fixed intention to withdraw no sum of- consequence from the bank. My share of the profits— ex cept so much of it as I require to live upou— remains in the concern until my timoooraos for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what 1 shall leavo behind me. But, tiod'be thanked, I am well- rind hearty, aod'may reasonably look forward to ton or fifteen years longer of usefuMife. My ndviee thereforo-to you, is go ou working as you have done hither to, and, iu throe years say, you can broach the subject again, aud if Elly should be stilHu 'the same mind regarding yourself, why we may .perhaps sso if matters canuot be arranged. In the meantime, there will be— at all events ou my part— no difference in our friendship ; there's my hand upon it.' 44 'You may guess I did-not fcol extravagantly jubilant over tho urrnugemont. Three years seemed'nn awful long time to wait. But I had 'tbo fullest faith io Eleanor's cosstauoy. How ever,-! will get on to tbe Unish; I don't wish to boro you with too mauy personul details. 44 About eight moulho had gone by, wben one. dny in the middlo of December, Mr. Turnover bastUy entered my unpretentious office. The old gonbleman appeared greatly agitated, aud it; was some moments ufter being seated thatho: was able to speak. 44 Lonxiously iuquired if bo were ill, or was anything wrong at home ? 44 4 No— uo one ill,' ho said, slowly. 4 Tbe bank-has been robbed.1 44 4 Bobbed !'I exclaimed, 4 Phew ! Hare, the thieves been caught 44 4 You don't understand. The robbery is. from inside. Tho chief cashier.' 44 4 What !. Bradley ?' I cried, in tho greatest astonishment. 44 The peooant cashier was a Sunday school tea or, regular chapel-goer, and I don'tknow what besides. ' 44 4 Ay i Tho smooth-tongued hypocrite,'. sutdi&Ir..; Turnover, with considerable emphasis. 4 Aad ho'fl got a good twenty-four hours' start. Ho was away. on short leave.' 44 4 What is the amount ?' 1 asked. 44 4 A very considerable sum in convertible, seeurities unfortunately. Anything like the. cxaot&mount;, however, is nob yet known. Thai is mainly why I have come to you.' 14 4 To me ?' 44 4 Yes, I want you to come to tho bank and go through the books— his books, you know —as expeditiously as possible. Wo wish to kenp' tbe affair secret— that is, us long as possible. Will you come ?' ' And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously 44 Then thinking, perhaps, 1 seemed to hesi tate, he added, significantly, 4 It may be worth ,your while.' 41 4 1 am at your service, Mr. Turnover,' I in stantly replied. 4 When ' do yon wish me to be- «io ?' " ' To- night. Are you willing to work lata 'i I HMD, in fsot.all night it neo.ea.rjr i Will you do mo tliisfsTour ?' 41 1 You may command mo in an, way you like, Mr. Turnover,' I osid. Truth to tell, an idea flashed acton my mindthat l might decide to ask a favour of him in return after the preaout annoying business was over and don» with. " My future father ia-law rose from his seat, .saying : " I am voryrploascd you have consented to .help me so readily/because we can rely upou if oat discretion and 'absolute silence.' I bowed. " ' Then meet me in Duko-etreet, by tho Cosmopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, and we will ;go to the bank together,' " I was at tbe place appointed just as tbe Drst stroke of the.hour rang out on the oloar frosty air, and.was almost irnmidiately joiued by-Mr. Turnover. " Ae soon as we were seated in tho bank par :lour Mr, Turnover banded me a letter, remarking that the miaaiag Bradley hud caused it to bo' idelivered iu,a saaaewbat mysterious manner. " When I read the note Mr. 1'urnorer asked ray. opinion of it. I said : " 'The follow ia cool certainly, but l infer from what ho writes — if it is thu'trutb, of courso— that thorohasibcennoayatomatiecmbeazlomont, .going forward foraaroo-time ; that, in-fact, bo' committed, tho- theft in a'siiddoa-QG of teniptn. ( tioa. I see ho mentions sixty-eight thousand.' " ' Tea, that is quite enough without tho. \- probability of moro having to be added tq it. I, trust'your.surmise will turn- out CQrroot. Tiet ua : getto worlc without delay.' " Wo workod unremittingly till ten, fail,'eg. ; to .discorernoy; defalcations beyond thflsn.alv read, knowniThia was-so.faraatisfaetory that < Mr. Tornover coufessed be falt maohxelievbdl and auggested -an adjournment to a neighbour-, ' . ing Bret- claea hotel— hie olub being too far away— to.recraitrexbaustcihnaturo. " We were let out by, the bank caretaker through-a-small side door, aad-told- him-'to re . main-upitilhwe/returued. "Having- done juBtico tq uu excellent little cold soaok, washed down by a bottle of very excellent. port, I-told my cotnpaniou there waa no mod whatever for him to go bock to the 1 baoktwitb:ma,'.aal could doiweli enough with out-him— atail'evcnto for.the remaiuder-of that uight. He asBentcd, tolling me not to atay very 'late. "Whea-Tvgot tO'tho-batik,.I sot-to-my taaki with renewed vigour, atill failing t. discover ( extended'ovideuce of guilt - iu tho abaeondingi ioishicr'a =booi. Uy tbia time, although tho- night was aold outside,- the room 1 was working imbegau, by reason of < tho many gas jets buru ing.-to grow . uncomfortably wurm. 1 began to feel drowsy, . and at a quartor-psst twelvo by tbe small clock oU'tile mantolpicce, I dropped into an inviting easy ebuir, Bed felt extremely like drappiug aa .well-into a prolonged doze, but as I hud uo inieatiou that way, I struggled agaiust the.inclination by raisiog my heavy eye. lids at frequent intervals, " 1 beard a neighbouring ohurcb clock boom forth the midnight, hour, and, opening my eyes, was just on the point of rising from my com '.fortablo position with tbo intention of resuming' work for another half hour, when I saw some thing that dotoned me ; kept mo, in fact, spoil- bound' in my seat. There, right before me a few yards aiuy, appeared (he spectral form of :.WoateottiBra'dloy,.the defaulting cashier. " There-was n-sad— I- might almost describe it as a- chastened look on the ghastly face as tbougb-tho spisit- was experiencing profound' contrition - for some misdeed-tho body had coin mitU'd'. during life. " I onco'tnore closed my eyes, thinking thab- when I looked again tbe thiug nould have von ished. But no! There was tho shadowy figure commencing to retreat alowly backwards, its traasparent-arm raised, tbe Uesblusa hand with' its bony.fiugcrs beckoning me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet and the ghoBt on tbo enstle ramparts, only J assure you I felb precious little like tbo impetuous I'rinco ; I required no holding back. I tried to Bpeak, 'but'the words'I'framed, with my dry lips worn iuaudible nven-to myself. A. soon as the ahado reaehed'tho open door leading into the main room, I'-aruso meehauieally ss though impelled by some nnseon power, aud went with bated ibroath after tbe still slowly retreating appari tion. It ccntinuod to wave its ghostly hand until the massive iion door whieb led to tho vault below, .where the bullion aud seeurities were -kept infisuge safes.or rather stroug rooms, was reached. I quite expected to ace tbe figure melt awny in the orthodox maoncr. But a trifling obstruction of tbis kind was no barrier to the molanoholy. spirit of tbo pecoant cashier. 'With an intenao lingering lust look of anguish and.a flual.wavo ef tha arm more ompbatio than previously, it simply, as it seemed to my be wildered gaze, backed through the solid' iron work. I can assuie you Tfelt considerably re lieved on-boiug-rid of tbe apparition. Furtheo work was, of course, out of tbo question, so I aummonod'the caretaker to let me out, impart- in; nothing whatever to him regarding tho straugu experience I' bad just gone through. '"Next morning I called upon Mr. Tumoral before he left borne, .aud recounted to him what had takon.plaoe in his book tbe night before, I waa uut ln the least surprised at my story be ing received - with-a smile of incredulity. " My dear-Forder,' said the worthy, but un« belioviug.bankur, ' you, of course, fell asleep in tbe ohuir.und dreamed all this.' " ' Nothing of tbe kind, I assure you, Mr, Turnover, ' Bonswered, warmly. " Still, the old gcotlemun remained uncon vinccd. " 'Remember,' he went on banloringly, ' yon had . partaken of supper uud wipe— generous old port ? ' " However, to bring my story witbin reason ablo bounds, I will just.say tllut by tbe timo we had arrived at the bauk l had almost convinced Mr. Turnover that I had seen tbe ghost of his delinquent servant ; aud . be agreed, at my re< quest, that we ebould visit tbe vault together, ' though surely,' observed be, ' you don't expeel to .encounter your sad-fated Spook again, so oarly in'tho day ? ' " Wbeu wo had got down below and turned up tbe gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opeD two large upright safes standing against ths wall. " ' Everything seems as usual," ho remarked, aflor surveying the iateriors, ' Your spirit evideutly'bad uo partieutar tale to unfold, even if you bud been abie to accompany him here lust night,' " 'IVhy 'did it beckon, to mo so earnestly in this direction ? ' I remarked. 'By :the way,' I added quickly, as my .sceptical companion went about semiring 'the safes again,' what of the big ona over there to tbe left ; aren't you going to open that ?' " Ob,' he auswared oarelessly, that is an old one not in aso ; has 'not been opened, I should say, for several years, , It is empty.' " 'I suppoio tbcre is no objeutiou to me hav iuga prop inside ?' " ' Not tbe slightest. There is tho key on tho wall there !' " I handed it to him, nnd he at once inserted it in the lock, while I stem) by ready to pull tbu massive-door aside. ' 'Doar me,' remarked Mr, Turnover, in sur prise, as the wards worked quite easily, ' I certainly expected some difficulty.' "I pulled' at the heavy 'doer, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it had been opened daily with tbe others. " Tho next momont an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started'back several pacos from before tho front of -the safe. " I'instantly sprong forword from behind tho ponderous door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. " Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected ! " There,- on < tho eiroumaoribed space of ths (loorof tbo safe, lay tho huddled figure of a. man. His face was distorted aud horrible to look upon ! The Btariug oyebulls aud protrud ing tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation, ' Bradley !' " I exoluimed, as sooa as I could find breath enough. " Yes, it is Westoott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky whisper. " Tbcre was no doubt about it. Tbe siokcti- ing spectacle upon which he gazed constituted i tbo mortal remains of the man who bad be trayed the trust reposed in bini by bis employ. ore. Wben tho body enmo to be removed to a pliico to nrriit tbe Coroner's inquiry, soreral strong bulky leather pockst-books containing ;the proceeds intact of tho cashier's appropria tions were discovered. Oo tho bauk rnclly lest nothing, and'I gained a loving wifo a good deal sooner than 1 sbould otherwise have done, Mr. Turnover was kind enough tu say tliat,mi I had beon- tho menus of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and havo never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much vrns clicitou at tbe inquest except tbo information thai tbo look of tbo din-used strong room worked spring wise, and.it was conjeuturcd that Boad- ley, who had evidently been uehig tbe-eafo for - Ibis own purposes, had opened lite door, those bung, up tbo key in its uncustomed piano, gone iiisiUe. aud io a moment of forgetiltinexv Ink tho iTodr.ccaao on tho spring, ana so mode tip |roccptacffi;for'concettling1iis plunder Ixisdijua 