PRIMITIVE METHODIST CON FERENCE. SUNDAY SERVICES. The various pulpits of the city and suburban churches of the denomination were occupied on Sunday by the Conference delegates. At Morphett-street, in the morning, the Rev. T. Allan preached. A pleasant bervice was held in the afternoon when Rev. J. G. Wright occupied the chair. The Rev. S. liray spoke on "Qur social foe, and bow to 6ght liinx" and the Rev. J. Kairn, conneajonal evangelist, spoke on "Tbe Cbnrch and her relation to the Ufe of to-day." Several anthems and eolos were rendered during the afternoon. In the evening the Ber.' A. J. Burt preached from, -the word*' "I have- kept the faith." At tbe dose fen old f ashioned JfefimdJatr-iov? feaat was conducted by the Rev. J: Nairn, in which a larg? number took part. At North Adelaide tbe Uev. J. Nairn preached in tbe - morning on " Help and progress." In tbe evening the Rev. J. Day Thompson delivered.-* eermim. on "What is meant by the Holy Ghost 31 SECOND SAY. 'The Conference was resumed on Monday morning, the president feeing is tha chair. It was reported that a united committee representing the three Methodist Conferences met on Saturday evening, and arranged for s united Methodist Conference in. the Weeleyan Church on Tuesday morning at 9.30. " . . The district coTnn?tttes'report was preaented by the Hey. H. J. Pope and adopted. . The'njatter of the return of the fiev. $. Day- TlK>aipaon to England was brought before this Conference, and it was decided that arrange-' menta be made with the English Oonferencee for his return. - It was resplved that the lepulation from the Victorian and 3>smsnian Conferences be re ceived asd passed on to. the General Con ifecencc ?.-..?? -[ The repoitrf tbe baildbigcommitteetbowed that .permission had been given to the Salisbnry. circuit to Bell the bid church at Siltsbury; that permission was granted to build a school ' room at Windsor in tbe'Mallala ciroait,and additions to the, Morpbett-street and Norwood > EcioolroomE, and new churches-at Noneman and the Great Boulner in "West Auatraua; that die Morgan case be passed on to the finance committee tb 'fee dealt with. . ! * The cqn&jderattqn; ol the, West. Aastpdhui "~?Ky letnm thj, CVmfmmcr, - wh?tn thp Key. A. J. BtJBT explained the working a/ the united church in West Auatalia. - He. said 'that though their membenf were scattered bver a large area, lii| circuit being 930 mile* long, and. 45 bread, ret wherever .tfce minister met toe members they were unanimous in their xlecnion for s united church, 'and when Jwt Into'nractue it was prOvad that tbe naipn betWeaethe"BibleCbruitrian? and themselves tuihi?uaed labor, saved money, as veil as enablinK^Jie mioisters to better attend to their pastoral Aitiea. The fievt iAIUS said the matter of union in the 'West was bugejjrdue to tfee*Sortaof tbe?eV- Join Duwle; tbouoh ie Uarl taenon the field aqme three weeks before the arrival of the representatives of tbe Primitive Methodist Church, he left all operations in abeyance until they arrived, and then it was decided to work together wherever practicable, and tbe results through out were very satisfactory. Tbe Union Church at Norseman, costing ASM, was opened with a balance in band of £1,45., and at tbe last quarterly meeting returned £53 4a, lid. Tbe Conference then thanked the Revs. A- J. Burt snd Thomas Alias for tbeir york in West Australia, and decided that the two denomi nations work on the same lines as at present for another year. After a lengthy discussion of the. subject of ministers entering tbe Wealeyau Itinerant Preachers Friendly Society, schemes were submitted and adopted. The first reading of stations was as follows:— Adelaide. B. J. Pope; North Adelaide, J. Day Thompson ; Norwood, A. W. Wellington; Parkside, R. J. Caddow; Queenstowu, W. T. Wiltshire; Mount Barker, H. Holmes; Salis bury, W. A. Dunn; Strat&albyn;, S. Gray; Kadina, J. H. Williams; Woodside, J. J. Salmon; Gawler, H. Hartley; Two Wells, H. J. Parkinson; Moonta, JI. Parkinson; Malbla, W. R. Stepbenson; Yongala. S. Wellington; Broken Hill, J. Good win ; Port Bromrhton, J. A. 8. Williams ; Kooringa, S. Raymond; Prospect, A. W. Styles; Laura, H. A. Smith; Kalgoorlie, T. Allan; Saddlcworth, J. K. Stone; South Broken Bill, T. Theobald ; Morgan, one to be sent; Norseman, A. J. Burt; KedbiU, K. J. Ross; Pawson, Thomas Weatherfll; Mannum, X- Jackson. In tbe evening a missionary meeting was held, at which Mr. George Siasou presided. The CuAinxAX said though as a colony we bad suffered commercially, be wae pleMod that as a church they bad been able to bold their own, hut many of the circuits were in need of help, and it was to obtain this assistance that they had met. The Rev. H. J. Pope, the missionary secretary, in his report, said the missions wero Mannum, Morgan, Laura, and Port Broughton. During the Tear both minister and people at Mannum bad suffered much through the failure of the harvest, but tbeir missionary (Key. B. Jackson) had done pood work. The treasurerV report, presented l>y Mr. James Peters, stowed income, £343 1-is. 7d.; outgo, £405 Oa. 10d.; paid off mis sionary debt, £50. The West Australian balance-sheet was read, showing an income of £ISI Is. 7d.; outgo, 1211 IPs. lOd. The Piusidbnt (the Rev. J. U. Williams) then appealed to the audience, and about £2G was subscribed. The Key. T. Am.sk, Bpeaking of his work in West Australia, aatd the last ten months would stand out in bis memory as .having ex perienced in them great, difficulties and cares. He was pleased to be OS-the platfornnrith his co- worker, the Rev. A. J. Butt, after' his severe illness. Their relationship in the West bad been of the closest character and pleasing nature. He then described in an amusing and racy speech bis trip to Coolgardie on his "bike," and spoke in glowing terms of,the prospects of the future of the church in the West Th?Eev.A. J.Bo?Talsoaadmaedthe BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS. The following announcements have appeared in our columns since Tuesday last, and are now republished for transmission to Europe by the outgoing mail steamer : — BIRTHS. SARGENT. —On the 20th February, at Appila West, the wife of George Sargent, of a daughter. Both doing well. FERGUSON. —On the 18th February, at Hawker, the wife of J. T. Ferguson, Willippa Station, of a son. GRAY. —On the 16th February, at her residence, Parker-street, North Walkerville, the wife of Louis Gray, of a son. REYNOLDS. —On the 24th February, at Glynde- road, East Payneham, the wife of W. J. Reynolds (Grand Hotel, Kalgoorlie), of a daughter. MORRIS. —On the 25th February, at Oak Lodge, near Kapunda, the wife of H. T. Morris, of a daughter DANCKER. —On the 23rd February, at Franklin- street, the wife of G. A. Dancker, Kalgoorlie, W. A., of a daughter. WELLS. —On the 13th February, at Stirling West, the wife of J. Lawence A. Wells, of a daughter. OLIVER. —On the 13th February, at Kensington, the wife of J. Oliver, of a daughter. Both doing well. LAWSON. —On the 10th February, at Clarendon, the wife of R. G. Lawson, of a daughter. MARRIAGES. HALL — SHERWOOD. —On the 4th February, at the Bible Christian Manse, Franklin-street, Adelaide, by the Rev. T. McNeil, John, second son of William Hall, to Sarah Ann, second daughter of Allen Sherwood, both of Dalkey. PIENING — COLEMAN. —On the 11th February, at the residence of the bride's parents, by the Rev. F. Webb, John, second son of the late J. Piening, of Goodwood, to Emmie, eldest daughter of S. G. Coleman, of Keswick. CRUSE — MORRISSEY. —On the 25th January, at Bishop's Court, by the Rev. Arch-priest Nevin, Earnest A. Cruse, of London, late of W. A., to Ellen Nellie, youngest daughter of David Morrissey, of Bowden. COOPER — BRADSHAW. —On the 23rd February, at the manse, Glanville, by the Rev. W. T. Penrose, Arthur William Riccard, eldest son of G. and E. R. Cooper, to Edith, third daughter of W. F. and M. Bradshaw, late of Bordertown. FIELD — ROBINSON. —On the 27th January, at St. Patrick's, West-terrace, by the Rev. Father Murphy, Edgar J., third son of Sub-Inspector Field, of Port Augusta, to Madeline Ada Robinson, stepdaughter of of the late W. H. Jeffery. CUMMINGS — MONTGOMERY. —On the 18th February, at the Primitive Methodist Manse, Yongala, by Rev. S. Wellington, John Cummings to Nellie Eva Montgomery, all of Belalie. MITCHELL — SMITH. —On the 18th February, at Trenouth Farm, Riverton, by the Rev. H. T. Rush, John James, son of John Mitchell, Riverton, to Florence Emily, daughter of the late John Smith, Adelaide. DEATHS. MURPHY. —On the 18th February, at Perth, W.A., William Josephleus Murphy, of the Railway Department, and third surviving son of Johanna and the late William Murphy, of Wattle Flat, South Australia, aged 30 years. Rest in peace. FALK .—On the 13th February, at his residence, 23, Kensington Palace Gardens, London, Arthur Lionel Falk (member of the firm of P. Falk & Co.), second son of Mrs. and the late Mr. Philip Falk, of London. BOURKE. —On the 23rd January, at Port Augusta, Thomas Bourke, of Coonatta, Hammond, aged 43 years, leaving a wife and seven young children to mourn his loss. Requiescat in Pacé. PRITCHARD. —On the 23rd February, George Cooper, dearly beloved infant son of S. and E. A. Pritchard, of "Alanhurst," Queenstown, aged 6 months. McDONALD. —On the 7th February, at Petersburg, Gertrude Edith Ann, youngest beloved daughter of W. C. and A. M. A. McDonald, aged 7 months 1 day. Safe in the arms of Jesus. YOUNG. —On the 22nd February, at Young-street, Exeter, Mary Young, widow of the late Angus Young, and mother of Mrs. F. Salmon and the late John Langley, of Port Adelaide, aged 91 years. SHARPE. —On the 15th January, at his son's residence, Forest Range, George Daniel Sharpe, in his 76th years. Leaves 2 sons, 3 daughters, 29 grand- children, and 8 great grandchildren to mourn their loss. A colonist of 49 years. COCKING. —On the 21st February, at Glenelg, Leslie Burton, infant son of E. A. and B. Cocking, aged 5 months. CHURCHES. —On the 10th January, at Hewish, near Bristol, Somerset, England, John, the eldest beloved brother of Samuel Churches, of Mallala, in his 64th year. His end was peace. NICHOLLS. —On the 22nd February, at Gilbert- road, Gilberton, Florence Sands, second beloved daughter of W. A. Nicholls, aged 14 years. BOURKE. —On the 24th January, at Port Augusta, Thomas, the dearly beloved husband of Bridget Bourke, aged 44 years. Leaving a sorrowing wife and seven children to mourn their loss. R.I.P. ASH. —On the 23rd February, at the South-terrace Private Hospital, Adelaide, of typhoid fever, George, the dearly loved husband of Nellie Ash, of Magill, aged 37 years and 5 months. WILLIAMS. —On the 17th February, Ida, the dearly beloved infant daughter of A. and M. Williams, of Baroota, aged 8 months. TRELOAR. —On the 20th February, at his residence, Native Valley, after a short illness, Henry Treloar, aged 71 years. BROWN. —On the 18th January, at Broken Hill, Eliza, the beloved wife of W. Brown, and youngest daughter of the late Wm. Alderman, of Balaklava, aged 45 years. WEBBER. —On the 19th February, at Broken Hill, Frederick Harold, the dearly-beloved and only child of W. J. and E. S. Webber, late of Bowden, aged 5 months. BARLOW. —On the 25th February, at his residence, Young-street, Parkside, suddenly, Thomas Harlow, coach painter, of Hanson-street, the beloved husband of Eliza Barlow, aged 60 years. COTTON. —On the 23rd February, at Port Pirie, Sydney Sherwood, the loved infant son of E. J. and A. Cotton, aged 7 months. SHADGETT. —On the 25th February, at Kensington- street, Kensington, Harrold, the dearly-beloved son of W. C. Shadgett, aged 11 years. ALGER. —On the 16th February, at East Adelaide, Lydia, the beloved wife of Edward Alger. HOLTZMAN. —On the 26th February, at her sister's (Mrs. Rodda) residence, Scotch Thistle Hotel, N. A., Emma Holtzman, aged 26 years. PAINTER. —On the 25th February, at the residence of her grandmother (Mrs. Ward), 95, Flinders-street, Anna Laura, dearly loved eldest daughter of Henry and the late J. Painter, aged 26 years. At rest. GREENSHIELDS. —On the 23rd February, at his residence, Lochiel, Archibald Thompson, the beloved husband of Marion Greenshields, in his 87th year, leaving a wife, 4 sons, 4 daughters, 48 grandchildren, and 45 great- grandchildren. His end was peaceful and pleasant. He longed for rest. A colonist of 58 years. NOCK. —On the 26th February, at Kensington- terrace, Norwood, Sarah, the beloved wife of David Nock, aged 66 years. BLATCHFORD. —On the 10th February, at Cordillo Downs, John Blatchford, aged 44 years (late of 93, Whitmore-square), fifth son of Mr. James Blatchford, Gilbert-street. BODEY. —On the 28th February, at Riverslee, near Horsham, Victoria, Annie, the beloved twin sister of Mrs. R. G. S. Payne, Kangarilla and Eastwood, also sister to Mrs. S. Jacka, Mrs. Captain W. Hay, Mrs. McArthur, Coondambo, and Mr. Goff Harris, Norwood. Respected and loved by a large circle of friends. MORGAN. —On the 29th February, at Ifould-street, Adelaide, the infant son of L. and M. E. Morgan, aged 17 days. HARLEY. —On the 19th February, at Chief- street, Brompton, Susan McCusker, the beloved child of John and Ellen Harley (late of Strathalbyn and Richard-street, Hindmarsh), aged 4 months and 1 day. BLAKE. —On the 26th February, at Balaklava, after much suffering, but endured with Christian resignation, Marion, the dearly beloved wife of Walter Blake, and youngest daughter of the late Mr. John Smith, Smithfield, aged 38 years. TREGILGAS. —On the 26th February, at Burnside, Mary Ann, widow of the late Joseph Tregilgas, of Strathalbyn, aged 84 years. PRESGRAVE. —On the 28th February, at Adelaide, Charles Cave, the dearly-beloved husband of Elsie Maud Presgrave, aged 33 years. NELSON. —On the 26th February, at Port Pirie. Gertrude May (Gerty), the second dearly beloved child of D. and S. Nelson, aged 4 years and 4 months. Western Australian papers please copy. DONALDSON. —On the 24th January, at Port Augusta, the dearly-loved husband of M. Donaldson, aged 46 years. HUNT. —On the 28th February, Walter Stephen, only brother of H. W. Hunt, of Kent Town, and eldest son of the late Stephen Hunt, aged 38 years. GOODALL. —On the 28th February, at Mr. Thomas Hayward's residence, Port-road, Carrendown, Lindsay Gordon, the infant son of George and the late Rebecca Goodall, aged 10 months. 