SASSIETY, SCANDAL, SUPPOSI TIONS, AND STATEMENTS. The future Baron de Bos has been telling his Adelaide friends that he once figured in a swagger divorce case, and he was not the petitioner either. According to his statement he drove the beautiful Lady , who was the central figure in the action, down to the Derby in a six-in-hand. There are a number of people who think that Fitz-Gerald, the ci-divant gardener, is drawing the long b:>w, but the Rev. R. Kenny, M. A., of All Souls Church, Bast Adelaide, who has known the young man from his boyhood, says that the published statements are not romance. A correspondent in New Zealand forwards, as a coincidence, a paragraph from the Christ church Spectator, which contains particulars of a dance given by Miss Calvert, when Mr. C. Wells was the pianist. Of course everyone knows that the late Charlie Wells was a member of the Calvert Exploring Expedition. The ladies have voted N. F. Druce, the Cambridge player, to be the most conceited-looking member of Stoddart's team. Dear Quiz—I want to do a growl. Adelaide is called musical. Well, if it be musical to stay away from high class concerts, to rhapsodise over only middling orchestral performces, to have half a dozen brass bands unable to accurately play the most simple of selections, to listen to organ recitals notable only for their noise, to allow the monstrous inharmonies of High land pipers, to find enjoyment in such an abomination as a drum and fife band, and to tolerate a wheezy barrel organ at almost every street corner, then we are indeed highly musical. But it seems to me that there is more real music to be found in an in significant German hamlet than there is in the whole of South Australia. You may light your pipe with this or publish it—whichever you like.— Yours grumblingly, Wagner's Ghost. The death of Mrs. D. M. Charleston came as a great shock to the many friends of that lady, some of whom were unaware of the grave symptoms of the complaint from which she was suffering. Mr. CharUston will receive the sympathy of all classes in his trouble. Child stories are not always amusing, but now and again they contain much natural, if unconscious, humor. Here is an instance. At the Liedertafel concert on Saturday week when Heinicke's Orchestra were play ing a " Carmen " selection a youngster observed to his mother, "What does it mean ? Is it a lot of carmen going along ?" The mother was nonplussed for a moment, and she asked, " What do you mean, dear?" " Tramcar men," responded the little one promptly. Sober fact. The Parliamentary sweep on the Melbourne Cup was not consigned to oblivion this year because legislators happen to have a moral fib on the subject of juvenile gambling. Sir Graham ;Berry and his wife were very fortunate in mining specu lations some years ago, but they kept at the game too long, and lost every thing. The successful speculator is the man who knows when to sell. Great Boulder shares, now quoted at £12- or something in that neighbor hood, are, we are t&ld;, going to reach £50 in value. Perhaps so, but there will have (o be thumping big dividends to justify such a figure. The ore in sight is described as prodigious, but 20 per cent, interest is the lowest that should be paid in any mining speculation. Mount Morgan g>ld shares, of which there are a million, are quoted at over £4 in the London market, and the dividends paid repre sent about 8 per cent, on that amount. This apparently satisfies English in vestors, and with the promise of higher dividends Boulders will doubt less be run up to the sum mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph. Still Quiz would sooner be a seller than a buyer at the price. It cost South Australia £1,000 to send Premier Kingston to England, but it is no use snarling now. The Premier was urged on ail sides to make the trip, the Register being foremost in the " barracking." Granny is discreetly silent on the subject, and after all what are a thousand pounds as weighed against South Australia's exuberant loyalty ? Miss Estelle Pater, a daughter of the late Mr. Justice Pater, writes to Quiz from Melbourne asking him to contradict a statement which has been circulated to the effect that it was her intention to appear on the variety stage as a song and dance artiste. Miss Pater says—" I have not the slightest intention of appearing on the stage in any capacity, least of all that of a music hall singer. I have taken up and am devoting myself to litera ture." At the close of play in the cricket match last Thursday a lady in the Grand Stand said, referring to Hill, " I should like to give that dear boy a kiss." A gentleman who accom panied her, and was probably her husband, besought her not to " make a scene." " Ah," she said, " I should only put my arms round his neck in a motherly way and give him a motherly kiss." But she didn't. Hill would have required some catching, for he dived through the crowd and into the dressing-room as if he were doing a Melbourne Cup sprint. | The Chicago News observes:— " Cricket is a great game—for English men, dead men, and other phlegmatic and stoical people." Comparing it with baseball it said further, " Ten men must be put out instead of three—to retire the side. This is why the game usually lasts part of a century. . . When it grows too dark for further play they note down the number of runs, and come out the next day and play some more." Stodd&rt; told a 8 <uth Australian that, taking into consideration their splendid fast wickets, he thinks Aus tralian batsmen play too cautiously. They ought to adopt a more open game. Even the pastrycooks can't let Ranjitsinjhi alone. A cake has been named after the Indian Prince, and a livery looking man says it makes him bilious to contemplate the confection. Councillor Bower, of the City Cor poration, is a local preacher, and on the occasion of Mayor Tucker's Easter trips he it was who looked after the spiritual welfare of the picnicers on Sundays. These facts being thoroughly understood, it can be imagined what surprise was evoked when at the entrance to the Full Members' Reserve in the Adelaide Oval last Friday Councillor Bower presented for the inspection of the gatekeeper a racing club ticket! Quiz intends to set apart a day for special prayer for the redemp tion of this erring city father. The Cricketing Association have been doing a booming business in members' tickets during the last week or so. The Ranji attraction has caused an opening of purses, and the heart of John Creswell is merry. On the open ing day of the cricket match last week a very prominent gentleman, one of the most prominent in the political world in fact, managed to squeeze past the vigilant gatekeeper at the Fall Members' Reserve without displaying a ticket. But Creswell was on his track, and the following morning the dignitary received a letter asking for a cheque for his membership subscription. The cheque was forthcoming. There was another amusing instance of the severity of the rule concerning members at the Oval. An eminent Q.C. presented himself at the barrier which divides the shilling goats from the full member sheep, and sought to effect an entrance. But he was without his dog disc and could not enter. In vain he pleaded that the Governor had sent for him; the official was inexor able. So the Q.C. had to remain with the mob and the Governor was minus his pleasing society. Creswell is popu larly believed to be a Conservative, but in the matter of Cricket Association affairs every man is equal who pays his guinea, and the man who doesn't pay is just as commonplace an individual as Weary Willie who climbs a tree out side the Oval, or contemplates a cricket match through a telescope from a percb on Montefiore Hill. A bona fide lodger according to the new Bill must have been twelve hours on the premises before he can be supplied with liquor. Let us imagine a man arriving at a hotel at eleven o'clock on Saturday night He would not be entitled to moisten his thorax until II o'clock on Sunday morning, although his intention might be to stay at that pub for a year, The Bill is a screaming farce ! 