A WILD RIDE. What you say is quite true, sir, that a man oughtn't to be frightened at anything ; but do you know, I've got to think that the bravest man of all is the one that is frightened and don't show it. You see there ain't many men that are what you'd call " brave all round." I've seen a fellow that would have run any man through as soon as he looked at him, almost jump out of his skin when he trod upon a little bit of a snake There's myself, for instance. I'm a soldier, and an old one, too. I've got the Kandabar medal, as you see, and one or two other things as well ; and I think I may say, without brag- ging, that I'm not more given to be scared than other folks. Well, I myself once got as bad a fright as ever a man got yet, and what's more, it happened not ten miles from where we're, standing now, and not more'n six months ago How was that ? says you. Well, that's just what I'm a-going to tell you. Our old colonel—I won't speak ill of the poor old chap, for he died only t'other day—but he was one that you'd got to be precious careful with, I can tell you. Whatever he had to do he'd have it done his own way, or he'd send everything flying, and, like a good many officers who've been a long time out here, he'd got so used to ordering the black fellows about, that at last he got to do it with all that came near him, black or white. Col. Hedley his name was, but, from his slap-dash way, we used to call him " Col. Headlong." Well, sir, you've been up the Bolan Pass, so of course you know that little branch line that they're making from Sibi to Pir Chowki, at the mouth of the pass, to help carry stores and troops up and down. Yes, to be sure, I remember, you were saying that you'd been at the opening of a bridge on it just the other day Well, before that bridge was built, there was a sort of make-shift across the channel of the river ; and as for the line itself, though it wasn't regularly "opened" (and isn't yet, for that matter) it could carry a train at a pinch, all the eighteen miles whenever there were a few com- panies of soldiers or a few waggon-loads of stores that wanted to be sent along in a hurry. Now it happened by bad luck that when we came down from Quetia four months ago, with the old colonel at our head, the engine driver on this Pir Chowki line was a Frenchman, whose name was Peter Tronchet. He was quite as high-handed a fellow in his way as our colonel himself, and when he did get in a tantrum, cart ropes wouldn't hold him. They say he'd lost his last berth all along of wanting to fight a duel with the superinten- dent ; but I don't know how that would have been, though it's just the sort of thing he would do, too. Well, of course, we all knew, though we little dreamed what was to come of it, that when two such peppery ones as the colonel and this Frenchman met there was bound to be a pretty good row, and so it turned out, sure enough. When we got down to the railway at Pir Chowki, where a special train was waiting to take us on to Sibi, the old colonel was as cross as two sticks. He'd had a good, sharp twinge of gout, for one thing, and riding over that great plain from the mouth of the Pass to Pir Chowki didn't sweeten his temper much, splashing through rivers and stumbling among big stones every minute. Then, again, the engine-driver had been out in the sun all morning, and you know how snappish that makes a man here. So, when Col. Hedley came holloring and bully- ing along and commenced to rough him up, the Frenchman faced about and answered him back quite saucily. You should just have seen the old colonel's face. It turned as red as his coat, and for a minute I almost thought he'd got into a fit. Then he jumped forward and shook his fist in the Frenchman's eyes and roared out : " Hold your tongue, you impudent dog, or I'll put you under arrest ! Go to your work, will you ? And mind, no nonsense about couplings being loose and wheels shaky as an excuse for stopping half way. If you halt so much as half a second between this and Sibi I'll break every bone in your dirty French skin !" I was standing close to the colonel as he spoke, and I saw the Frenchman's face harden all at once, like smelted lead when you throw it into cold water. Then he said, very quietly but just as if he was biting every word short off. " Verree good, Monsieur le Colonel ; you shall be satisfied !" And away he went to his engine without another word. But there was the wickedest look in his eye that I ever saw yet, and it made me feel queer just for a moment, although I hadn't a ghost of an idea (as indeed how should I ?) what he was really up to. " Well, sir, we all got and begun to make our- selves snug, expecting to be nearly a couple of hours on the road, for it was over eighteen miles to Sibi, and the line being only a makeshift one then, there was a notice of forbidding any driver to run his train more than ten miles an hour. The train backed a bit to get a fair start, and away we went. I don't think any of us noticed anything out of the way—I didn't, at any rate—for the first minute or two ; but all at once my rear-rank man, Bob Barton, sings out : " Well, if this ain't more'n ten miles an hour, I'm a Dutchman !" He'd hardly spoken when the train gave a lurch that shook us all together like apples in a bag, and then another toward this other side, and then—talk of fling ! Fling was nothing to it—'twas more like being fired out of a gun. The very air seemed to whiz past us, and all at once we heard the Colonel yell out from his window : " Slacken speed, you rascal ! Do you want to kill us all ?" The Frenchman answered only with a horrid, screaming laugh ; and now we began to get scared in earnest, for we took in the whole thing for the first time. There we were, run- ning more than a mile a minute over an unsafe line, with all our lives at the mercy of a man who was nearly as mad as he could be. The first bridge was already in sight, and the fellows working on it scattered every way when they saw us coming, screeching like anything. I heard the bridge crack as we flew over it, and felt it give, and how we ever escaped I can't think yet. " Boys !" cried Bob Barton, springing up, " I won't sit still and let that lubber murder us all. It's his life or ours now. Here goes !" He made for the door as he spoke, and would have been cut upon the footboard in another moment, when we clutched him and dragged him back ; for with the pace we were going, and the way the train rocked, it would have been certain death to try it. Over the second bridge we shot like lightning and went flying round the last curve towards Sibi. Just then I saw something that brought my heart into my mouth—a stone lying on the line ahead of us, big enough to wreck the whole train. Then I thought all was over. I just muttered " God have mercy on us !" and shut my eyes. But I opened 'em again next moment just in time to see the stone (tipped over, I fancy, by the shaking of the rails, which were rather loose at the spot) roll off just as we came up to it. Presently, after that (whether it was a minute or an hour after, I could never tell) I caught a glimse of a platform covered with people shouting and running about ; and then we began to slacken speed, and at last stopped altogether. Then I drew as long a breath as if I'd just come up from the bottom of the sea. We'd run half a mile past the Sibi station before we could pull up, and I heard afterward that we did the eighteen miles in ten minutes. When the colonel got out it made me fairly start to look at him. He tottered so he could hardly stand, and his face was all drawn and pitched like the face of a corpse, I don't think it was altogether his own danger that upset him so (although I'm sure it well might), but the thought that one hasty word of his had nearly cost the lives of all the men under his charge was enough to give any man a turn. As for Master Frenchman, he got off and bolted the minute the train stopped. It was lucky for him he did, for he wouldn't have been very safe among us just then ; and the colonel, on coming to himself a bit, vowed to hang him if it cost him ten thousand rupees. But it couldn't be proved that he meant to upset the train (as I don't suppose he did, indeed), so that all they could do was to give him two months' imprisonment for exceeding the fixed rate of speed. But, of course, he had to leave the country, and I wasn't sorry for one ; for, rather than be on the train with him again, I'd tramp all the way from here to Cal- cutta. 