FICTioN. AN UNSPOKEN WARNING. i. AsimprovIdontmarriagoandnlongBtruRgto with poverty arc, alas, events too common to call for remark or explanation. Elinor and I In our young days wcro guilty of this folly, For fiftocn years tho barest necessities of roipcotabb lifo wore all (bat foil to tbo ibjuf 'i'-i ; ' . ' '.- LVA:'; of ourselves and our children, and I believe that this was ovon hardor to bear from tho possibility— it could not bo called moro— thai ono day wo might bo comparatively rioh. An aunt of my father's, who through lifo had been conspicuous for her mismanagement of overything, had oomo into possession of all the money thoro was in tbo family. Part of it sho h&a; lost by foolish speculation, part of it sho had spent on remodelling an old bouse which it would have bcon bettor to pull down, and tbo remainder sho had promised to me— if there should bo a remainder— at her denth ; hut this, as I often reminded my wife, was doubtful. My nunt lived to be eighty-seven, by which tlmo wo had four intelligent, healthy children growing up around us, nnd when at length tho nows of hor death did roach us it had bcon bo long delayed that it took us by surprise. Of course, I wont to tho funeral, and heard tho will read ; and wont hoino to tell my wife —what at first sho could hardly bclicvo that my aunt had left mo ono thousand two hundred pounds a year and the pleasant, rambling old bouso in Hampshire, with all it contained, which bad boon tno joy of ber life. Wo oamo Into possession in November, and leaving the ahilaron in tho care of a relation that thoy might contlnao at their prcsont schools until Christmas, my wife and I went down to Denbam Manor to put everything in order before tho holidays began. The house was In a lonelv ana somewhat dcsolnto situation, but it faced south, with a plcasaut gardon in front; aplno wood sheltered it on tho north, and, In spito of somo drawbacks, we were not likely to find fault with H as an oxohango for tbo cramped and dingy quarters in Bavswatcr which bad been the best wo could hitherto afford. Tbo houso was of good 6izc, and very quaint in its arrangements ; scarcely a room had escaped alteration according to my nunt's fanoy ; but there is no nocd for me to describe any part of it but the one room— the drawing- room— which alono concerns my story. I mmt tell you first that in all the altera- tlons which had been mado my aunt had been j her own architect, and a local builder, who ! appeared ta havo been an ingenious, although j ignorant, man, bad carried out hor plans to ! the host of his ability ; and tho result was ' attractive, but by no means beautiful. i Tho drawing-room, whloh was of a good , sizo, had originally bcon stiuaro, but had : lately boon considerably iongthoncd by build- ing oui into ino garaon aono-siorcyeu aaaiuon with a flat-roof, tho whole width of tho room, ! tho old wall being replaced by two arches with ; a pillar botweon them ; tho new part having hugo windows both at tho ond and sidoB, opening upon tbo lawn and flower gnrden. Nowhere had my aunt's cccontrlclty been moro plainly shown than boro, but tho ciTcct was pleasant ; tho room was ohcorful, and comfortally furnished, and my wifoatonco deolarcd that sho felt at homo in it. It was woll for us that wo had plonty of occupation indoors during tho first fortnight in our new homo, for tho weather was per sistently wet ; sometimes it was a downpour, sometimes a thick drizzle, until everything looked soaked and dismal, nnd wo woro glad when tho evening oamo nnd wo could shut out tho insido world and onjoy tho pleasant pos sessions with which wo woro surroundod. Wo did not at first sit in tho drawing-room in tho ovonings, for thoro woro so many papers of my aunt's to look ovor and destroy that wo set to work Immcdintolv aftor dinner in tho small room whloh sho nod used for nil busi ness purposes ; but at length this task was finlshod, and ono drearily wot ovonlng, when tho wind howled round tho houso, and tho rain foil In torrents, wo woro glad to oxohango tho somewhat dismal businoss-room tor tho largo nnd ohoorful drawing room. In spito of tho weather wo woro both in good Bpirits as wo settled ourselves on either side of tho flro— my wifo on tho right hand, with hor hack to tho new part of tho room— and pro- j pared to onjoy, our first leisure evening. Wo; snont a pleasant hour or two in talking over | tno things whloh would bo required in tho ; houso before tho ohildron oamo home, and as tho olook struok ton I was glnnolng through a I list I had mado, wbon, as I looked up to mnko a suggestion to my wifo, I was horror-stricken at seeing that her faoo had beaome ghastly, her bona had half turned round, nnd her Hps woro parted as sho looked over her shoulder at something bohind hor, I looked In tho same direction, and saw nothing but a oabinct against tho wall and a evon n shadow from tho ourtalns, (or they woro drawn over tho windows. " Elinor," I cried ; nnd at tho sound of my voioo she turned hor bend and looked at mo with eyes so full of terror that for a moment I feared her sonsos had loft hor; then, when I called hor again, sho flow to mo nnd hid her faoo on my shouldor. For a fow minutos sho aould not speak; then, with her faoo still hidden, sho tried to toll mo— not what she had soon, for she had soon nothing ; not what nad Happened, for notmng nail Happened ; but of tno horriblo impression whloh had almost driven away hor seneos. "JtiBt as yon had finished writing, Ray mond," she said, "the clock struck ton; I wns watohlng you as you went through tho list when suddonly I felt that there was some thing bohind mo I tried to call to you, but I could not, and then I was obliged to turn my head, thon I would have given tho world not to do It ; but though I looked and looked. and roy blood Beomed to froczo, thorn was nothing. If anything— howovor horrible- had bcon thoro, it wonld have been less awful than this expectation. Of course, it only lnstod a fow momonts, but it soomod a lifo- timo boforo you Bpoko to mo and I could not movo again. With tho look whloh had been on hor fnco vividly boforo ray mind, I oould not laugh at her foors. " You nro over tlrod, dear ; your nerves aro uuHot, x oegaa out noro sno lniorrupiou, lifting hor head In Indignation from my shoulder. " Norves upaot ? When did my nervoR ovor fail mo— not when you woro run over in the streot before my oyes, nor when tho cradle with the baby In it oanght flro. No, Ray mond. If I thought my nerves had given way I would rather die than live : but this was something infinitely stronger than' nervous fancy. I will show you it Is not "No, Elinor, no," I interrupted ; "I will tako your plaoe and try to realise what you felt. If I oan do so unmoved, it will show that tho horror is not in tho room, but in your own fanoy." She was silent far a moment ; thon sho said; "Raymond, I bollovo that If you sit In that ohalr you will fool as I did. Your volco called mo baok woon I seemed sinking away Into an abyss of terror, whloh for tho moment seemed driving mo mad ; nro you right in risking this ?— oan my voice call you baok as yours did mo?" " Why, Elinor, my dear, I do bclievo you think that thero is a ghost in tho room, ond that- it Is waiting to pounco upon me tho moment I sit in your ohar," I said, trying to treat hor fonts lightly. " I do not know whethor It is what Is called ngnost, unymona, out i cannot doubt that there 1a something bosides ourselves in tho room. In tho fow momonis in whloh I felt its proRonoo I suffered ngony; why should you rink fooling tho samo ?" " For fifteen years wo hnvo shared our joys nnd onros; we will not begin our now lifo by drawing apart," I answered, nnd shoenld no crossod tho hearthrug to hers, I may irnly say that I sat down with an open mind. That something in or outsida herself had torrifiod hor, of courso, I know, but what it might bo I could not ovonConjeoture, nor imd j I nuy definite Idea that by taking her placo I ( should find a oluo ; bat In amomont a change ' camo ovor roe. First Ifolt impelled to look up, thon to glance to ono sido; thon I lost 1 control of myBolf altogether ; thero was I something behind mo At which I mum; look; a chill ran through my veins; my muscles refused to obey my will ; in spite of myself "V'beadtwrne ilowly, Ikowtbatmyofeg stared in an agony of expectation of something which they could not see ; ovcry sense reeled ; then, na if from a vast distance, my wlfo'B voice called " Raymond, Raymond," and with a mighty effort I roso and ntnggurcd to tho other side of tiic fire, nnd clutched at her out stretched hands, and the horror left mo. 'My dearest, I was wicked to let you risk it," she cried, clinging to mo; but my mood differed from hers. I could not speak for a few minutes; then I said: "Wo cannot lc&vo; tho.mattor liko this, dear ; if wo give war to-night to this mysterious dread we shnfl shrink from sitting in this room again. I do not think that even the same horror would havo so muoh power over me a second time, nnd if you can bear to watch, and call ino back if- occcssary, I will fnco tho matter out and try to find its menning." But, brave as my wife was, it took a long tlmo to persundo her to this course. Sho thought it wrong for ino to subject myself voluntarily to suoh mental suffering, nnd tho clook struck cloven boforo at length I pre vailed, and gently putting aside her detaining | bands I went back to her chair. ) I sat down ond looked aoross tho hearthrug j at hor, and nothing impelled mo to look away. | I spoke to her, and her answering volco j sounded as usual ; no mysterious power con- j strained me to turn my head to look for some I terribto thing which eluded my sight ; the i spell was broken. My wife, reassured, camo ' and stood beside me, and felt nothing; nud ; wo were, if possible, even more perplexed than i before. i "Lot us put tho whole thing out of our ( heads to to-night soas we can, and pcrhnps-in j tho morning we phnil laugh at ourselves ; nnd j you and I will examine tho room togothor by daylight boforo wo como to tho conclusion that thero is anything wrong with it." ! But oven to myself my words did not sound convincing, nnd I looked tho drawing room door and put tho key in my pocket whon wo , wont ap to bed, both feeling as it wo had ' narrowly escaped some great, although un seen, danger. | . Tho noxt morning my wifo nnd I examined tho drawing room with minute care, and 1 making an excuse of ahnnging thojiosition of ; some of tho furniture, I called in Joseph, my aunt's old man-servant, who had stayed on . with us. and asked him manv questions about the bouse, and moro especially this room ; but wo discovered nothing, either by question- I i ing him or by our own observation. J " Will you sit hore again to-night, Elinor?" j I asked, when we werenlono; and resolutely, ' although with a palo fnoc, sho said yes. Tho day was flno, and we wont out together and called on some neighbours, and kept our selves fully occupied until dinner-time; but when at hnlf-pnst eight wo wont into tho cheerful, pleasant, drawing room, bright with flro and lamplight, wo looked at cnch othor with an unspoken protest that the horror of tho night boforo must havo been a delusion. ' I Wo had muoh to talk over, for the after- 1 ' noon post had brought a letter tolling us that ; abruptly closed in conspquenco of a case or two of scarlet lover, and the cousin who was taking ohnrgo of our ohildren suggested that tho sooner our high-spirited sons were under : our own onro tho bettor sho should bo pleased ; I and as the now homo was now in order wo , debated whether wo would not lot the wholo party como at once. Wo wore Interested, and timo passed quickly ; and wo woro surprised when Joseph brought in tho cnndlos, npolo- gluing tor boing a littlo late, and wo found . that tho eiook was on tho stroko of ten, and l that wo had forgotten all about our fears. j 1 As tho hour struck, Joseph crossed the ; hearthrug to take n noto from my wife's hand, whioh ho was to send off in tho morning, . and I was idly looking from ono tq tho othor i —when on each face I saw a suddon ohnngo. I ; Joseph, who was standing sideways to me, ; i turned his hend and looked over his shoulder ; in puzzled alarm, while my wifo, palo as : I death, glnnoed for a momont boseeobingly : at mo boforo oboying an insult, ovldontly j beyond hor control, which bado her look in i tho same direction. I stepped quiokly for- 1 ward nnd Atood oloso to her, facing tho spot at whioh thoy woro looking, but noither of thom seemed (o know that I wns nenr, and, ' consoious of a growing terror in myself, I orled, "Elinor." But instead of tho relief ' whloh sho had shown boforo at tho sound of i my voiao hor faoo, as far as I oould soo it, became convulsed with foar. "Joseph," I called ; but tho samo offcot wob visible in him. I still had control over myself, nnd sonroely knowing why I did it, I went baok to my place and oallcd again ; and this timo, ab on tho previous evening, my wife ran to 1 mo and hid hor face, "Joseph," I oried, and tho mnu also oamo to mo, with great drops Btanding on his forehead. " What is it, sir," ho asked in a broken voiee, and I could only answer thnfc t am nr,t know. "Bit hero, Elinor," I said, putting hor Into my own ohalr, " and if ray faoo ohangas oall to mo." I went aoross tho rug and took her place. I was scarcely soatcd boforo my formor ex- perienco wns ropontod. My blood frozo, my nervos soomod to contract, and no power of will oould prevent my bond from turning and ray oyos from staring for something .ivhlnh flArtM nMiinni 1. 1 »„ ® ........ I'tuiuu, iiijr jiuuu irom turning and my oyes from staring for something whloh thoy could not soo. I do not know how long it Insted, but my wifo called, and again' I loft ray placo, and tho spell was broken. Joseph wns a sensible, oldcrly man, and quiokly recovered from his fright ; nnd I told him the stnto of tho ooso na it appoorcd to un. " With your leave, I'll try itngoin, sir," ho said. "I nover did hold with ghosts and them sorts of things, and though I'll be bound I folt queer enough, and thoro wasn't nothing as I oould soo, If I can't keep my hend from turning this tlmo, why I'm blosfc." IIo crossed tho rug again, to my wife's chair, and bogan a speech to me, but his voioo labored ; wo could see that ho struggled to keep his oyes fixed upon us ; but thero was some power too strong for him : his head slowly turned and ho gazed ovor his shoulder in wild alarm. " Do not speak for a fow moments," I said 10 my who, and i went and stood beside him ; and immediately tho samo improBsion was ropoated with me. I do not know how long wo stood there boforo my wifo called, and we both wont to ber, and thon turned and looked Into cnoh othor's faoos in vaoant amazement. Nouo of us eald anything, and tho silonco must have lasted for some timo, for tho next thing I noticed was tho olook striking oleven thon Joseph found his voioo, "Woll, if it ain't tho rummest thing," ho said, quite forgottinghis good manners. " Why ovor wo should stand thoro looking at nothing, and bo soared out of our wHb, beats mo." I did not answer, but onoo mora crossed tho rug and snt down in my wife's chair ; but although I stayed thoro for some minutes, and oven tried to recall my former sonsntions, I folt nothing unusual. " i imnK wo nave learnt ono thing to-night, Elinor, I said ; " this- something— which troubles us has evidently no power excepting botweon tho hqurs of ten and eleven. Wo must, of courso, provo this further ; but now wo will look up tho room nud go to bed, and let us alt try to dismiss tho matter from our minds until to-morrow morning." But ........v. tttj «uv UIIU UU3VIIII »CfUUIiy IllOrO Biiceossful than I was jn followiug this wise counsel I am Inclined to doubt, It was a wild night of wind and rain, and tho next morning before breakfast, whon I unlocked the drawing room and went in with Joseph, wo found that a natoh of wet had oomo through tho coiling wnero tbo now part joined on to tho old. " Wo must got tho builder to see to this at once," I said ; but whon I went into tho breakfast room tbo nmttor wns driven out of my hend for tho time by another letter from our cousin in London, saying that she was itua up with a cold, aud really oould not manage for tho boys, and wonld wo send a telegram to say if thoy might como down at once. Never beforo had wo spent a week without any of our children, and it is needless to say that a messago was sent off imme diately, bidding the boys como by tho next train. " You won't got Potts, tho builder, to-day now, sir," said Joseph, when at last I remem bered tho drawing room ceiling. " And p'raps you won't bo using the room for a bit whon tho young gentlomcn como, for fear thoy'd got a fright too." ' Quito right, Joseph," I said. " We won't sit thero in tho ovonlng; - we'll lock tho room up when wo go to dinner; and if the room wants seeing to that will ho reason enough for not using it much until wo oan see further into tho matter." Nothing could have been a better corrective for nervous fancies— it it was from theso wo suffered— than tho arrival of thotwo hcalthy, happy boys of cloven and thirteen; and after a Into and very protrnotcd lunch we explored the houso from top to bottom. Tho wind had gono round to tbo north, and the rain changed to snow, so wo agreed that out door oxploratlon should be loft for anothor time ; and we all kept togcthor, and I was happy to see that tho bright, wholesome in fluence of tho boys did much to drive away the anxious look which our mysterious ex periences had brought upon my wifo's face. "0 mother, what a jolly room, quite tho jolHest in the houso,' ' cried Phih when Inst of all wo went into the drawing room, which, with its many wiudows looking out upon tho wido lawn, now covered with newly-lallnn snow, was something hitherto beyond the ox- Eorlonco of tho London-born. Indeed, both o and Harry wcro so delighted with the room that wo saw no reason for not sitting thero until it was timo to prepare for dinner ; and when my wifo nnd tho boys had gone upstairs Joseph camo in ; and I stayed and talked to him whilo ho shut up tho room and put out the lights. Then I looked tho door behind us, nnd hung up the key in a place in i the hall which no one. knew but Joseph ; nnd ! as I did so I hoard Harry's voice calling to I me from halfway down the stairs : " 0 father. Aunt Emily hns forgotten onr 1 brushes, and my mother told mo to ask for yours." Tho study was small, hut warm and ohoer- : ful, nnd whon wo moved into it after dinner after both my wife and I felt a oomfortable sefiso of relief After tho strain of our experiences I in the drawing room on the last two eveningB. I Timo paused quickly, tho boys begged to stay I up, nnd it wns not until hnlf-pnst ten that wo I dismissed them, their mother promising to follow In a quarter of an hour to see that they wcro comfortably in bed. " Well, Elinor, It Is a good thing to find that in this room at least wo aro free from disagreeable sensations : wo may hope " But beforo I oould finish my sentence I was j interrupted by a shriek of such wild terror, : heard through tho door which, unnoticed by I us, tho hoys had left ajar, that for a moment ! we looked at eaoh other without spenking— but it was only for a momont ; then, rushing into the hnlt. we riw thnt Mm .ipmninn ma.m door was opon, and a faint light coming from i it, and wo hastened towards it, followed ; by Joseph, who, with the other servants, had hurried from tho kltohen. j "Keep tho women baok I" I said to him, and when my wifo and I entered wo wcro half prepared for what wo saw. Phil snt In his mother's chair, showing every symptom v of tho samo terror that wo had felt ourselves, and though Harry stood boaido him with his back to us, wo knew that tho samo look waB upon his fnco. | "Phil! Phil 1" I called. "Harry! Harry I Harry i" dried my wife, and thoy both in- Btantly rushed to us, and wo led litem nut of tho room and into the study iu a half- dazed oondltion, "Look tho door and givo mo tho key," I said to Joseph ; and thon I went Into tho hall to speak to tbo maids, who stood thoro wonder ing and alarmed. " I am sorry you have been startled," I said. " Tho boys went Into tbo drawing room, whloh was qnito strongo to them, and half dark, an something frightened them. What it was I cannot toll you, and I am sura thoy do pot know thom solvcs. Thoy aro bold nnd bravo enough usually, and we must mnko allowance for their excitement at everything hoioa new to thom." I Was roliovcd to find that thn nnrvnnta took tlits as a natural explanation as far as it went, and seemed to have no further suspioion , anything nnoomfortable ; and when I wont baok to tho study I found that tho boys had ? recove«d as to bo ablo to toll us what I had hnpponed. "Wo woro just going upstairs, father," said Phi!, " when Harry rememberod that he had left that book mothor gavo him on tho draw ing-room table, nnd ho thought ho'd like to look at i In bed in tbo morning, and ho had «w.w jvm «u i|j itiiu nojf, nu wo got it ana went in, and mother's ohnir looked so jolly, I tumbled into it, and I hadn't been there a momont whon I felt just awful, as if thoro wns n horriblo thing behind mo, and I had to uf.n ;my het"l and look, and then Harry yelled out and ran to mo, nnd I expect ho felt i just liko mo." "I oouldn't holp yelling, father," oried Harry. " Phil looked awful ; I thought ho'd got a fit; nrtd whon I got near hira I couldn't ueip Binring too." I felt that my wifo nnd Josoph were wait ing anxiously to hear in what way I should deal with tho matter, and for a momont I wns puzzled to determine; thon I resolved to mnko light of it. . . " I don't believe you saw anyhing, Phil ; you thought thero was something thero, and looked so frightened that you frightened Harrv. I don't wonder that bo 'yelled' at that look of yours." . " Ttllt t lliniinttl tnnM 11 . T.. — «"h"« niu owiiicuiiiu uiurg too, fnthor," said Harry, " No doubt you did ; it's a big room, and you had only tho light of ono onndle, nnd of oourse thero woro lots of shadows ; nnd you fanoied thoro wnssomethingclso. Now think no mora about it, but come along. Mother and I will show, you up to bed, and yon won't find your own room big enough to bo frlghtoned Iu." Weloftthemquiterenssurod, and wont back to tho study, where we' found Josenh wnitino for nn. "This is oertalnly serious," I said, "and wo must havo nothing more to do with that room until ovcry part of it has been examined. I'll writo up to town to- morrow and get down Strange, who is not only a good arohiteot, but a shrewd man, nnd ho and I will go into tho matter thoroughly. In tho moantimo that damp patoh on tho ceiling will bo sufficient excuse for not using the room." 1 The bovs had quito recovered from their fright in tho morning, and woro prepared to laugh at themselves nnd each other. I thought it well to take thom iutotho drawing- room after brcaklnst, and I found that tbo pntch of damp had increased so muoh in the night that no further excuso wns needed for not sitting there ; ! and I lockod up tho room, taking good care to put tho key in my pockot. The day was bright nnd In spito of tho heavy cnowfnll thn hnvu nnd T hours out of doors ; nnd in conseaucnco thoy woro wholesomely tired, and ready to go to bed at ton o'clock. My wife snid she wonld go up with them, and I also went into tho hall, whon suddonly I heard a loud rumbling and cracking noise, which startled us. Wo stood togothor listening in no small alarm ; thon, in a moment, thero was an awful crash. whioh seemed to shako the house to its foundations. Tho servants rushed from tho kitchen palo and terrified. " The houso is fnlling dosvn, sir, let us got outside," oried Joseph, but I bado him wait. After the crash tho noiso had ceased,' overything round tis soemed firm, and in a moment I guossod what had happened. "It fs tho drawing-room, Elinor; the roof has fallen in," I said ; and, taking the key from my.pooketv and bidding the others stand —nn order whioh my wife and Joseph dis- oboyed- 1 unlocked the door, nnd, with a lamp i In my hand,' went cautiously In, the whole ApUBQhold sol far bohind $e, 1 of wind met us, a blinding dust blew into oar faces, but by standing to one sido wc got into clearer air, and wc could boo what happened. I was right : tho roof of tho new part of tho room had fallen in. Above whero my wifo's chair had stood wns a ynwning chasm, through which tho stars looked down from a frosty sky, whilo tbo othor. sido of tho wido hearthrug, where wo had nil found freedom from thcunBcen horror, was only strewn with hnrmlcss fragments of wood and plaster. " Thank God for an unspoken warning," said my wife in a solemn undertone, and Joseph ami I, overhearing, thankfully echoed her words. "I Huppose God knew that tho roof was going to tumblo in, nnd mado us afraid to sit there," said Harry, who bad heard them too, and wo all felt that there was nothing to bo added to that. Tho architect came from town and cx aminod the houso " from garret to bnscmcnt," nnd found that the recent rains had soaked into tho already rotten foundations of tho new part of the drawing- room, whil.e the weight of snow which had fallen upon tho roof had proved the last straw. Tho wholo houBO baa been tampered with, but It wns only this ono room whioh had to be rebuilt, and this wo had done from a safe design, without sacrificing anything of Us formor charm. When it was all finished, and we went back to live there at the end of tho summer, it is almost needless to say that wo felt no more of thoso terrific but friendly unspoken warnings. THE END. 