A JUBILEE SEiRMON. AT S. Mary's Church of England last Sunday, the following discourse was dce livered by the Rev. W. Keith Forbes : I. Tim. ii. 1-2-3. 1I exhort that first of all, supplications, prayers, interces sions, and giving of ithanks be made for all men: for kings and all that are in authority: that we may lead a quiet and pdeaceable lIfe, in allgodliness and honesty; for this is good and acceptable unto God our Saviour. On this day sixty years ago, our most gracious Sovereign Lady, QueenVictoria, began her happy and prosperous reign. t011 this day sixty years ago, prayers from imany a stately cathedral and parish church throughout Great Britain were offered up to Almighty God, that she might possess the hearts of her people, that they might never be wanting in honour to her person, and dutiful sub mission to her authority, that her reign might be signalized by length of days, and above all that she might at last ex change her earthly home for that of im mortality in the life to come. These supplications have been more-than fully answered by a prayer- hearing and prayer answering God; for sixty long years, the echo of those prayers have been sounding in the ears of the King of all the earth and of heaven; and although her Ma jesty is nearing her eightieth year, still the cry from her loyal and dutiful sub jects goes up, ' God save the Queen !' On this day sixty years ago, a whole life time with not a few, began a reign which has been marked in an especial manner by the divine favour, a reign during which the social, political, and religious life of the nation, though not unmarred by those things which bring discredit in their train, impolicy and strife, has nevertheless made steady progress in that direction which is good and acceptable unto God. The rapid strides which have been made towards evangelising the world, the many organizations for raising the fallen, and for the bettering of the poorer classes, the numberless in stitutions- for sheltering those who by accident or misfortune, or what is worse, those who have lost their reason, are standing monuments of a people who are alive to their responsibilities to God.... True, her Majesty's reign stands unique in regard to duration of time, but her example has stimulated her subjects to still greater efforts, which have been followed by unprecedented success under Him who has held up her goings in His paths, that her footsteps have slipped not, and upon whose head her crown has been made to flourish. ' God save the Queen !' Firomi crowded streets of pop ulous cities throughout the Biritish do minions; fr'iii the peacetful tillage ham let nestling amidst its surrounding hills; from men-of-war and unc.:chant ships, 'out far away on the great depths ; from the distant istes o[ the sea. over which tlsats the Briti h fl.g, the voice of thaksgiing and. pr:se aseOlus wOh mighty S un;d .; from many on ilbglsh hearth and home both in the dear old country anid abroad, gla:ddened by the smiles of little children, infant voices, if not able to join in the '.Jubilee' anthem, will at least unite in the fervent great Amen !' One short but eartiest prayer: one great intercession; one ' gener:'l thianksgi-.'in:; ' bin s t ti hearts of rich and poor t'ogethier; o;em' Layi" in thls realm, who iun icr oil hiuo oben i mbless in to hoer subjects, dejilanris i i* rilling h mi age of Tier p-o pie ;t~hc proy, time intere5ssion1, is suluniei u ii ' Up d save the Qveen !'. .It is well to it thin sixtiCth anniversary falls upon a Sondar; .mindst all the rejoiciag, festivities, pleisures, mind anmusenUCuts, thieie is a danger thlot the person of an oartliy sovereign should oc:upy our thoughts too much, and to exclusion of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords, who holds in H:s hands the government of the world and all that therein is ; who rulest over all the king donis of the world, and disposest of theni at His good pleasure ; the form of prayer for the 20th of June, which in long since falhen into disuse, more's the pity, checks what otherwise might border on forgetfulness of Him and all His goodness. Kings and queens, though justly held in hiogh esteemoi by their sib jects for the high and iniportant offices they hold, and who are entitled to the respect and reverence of the conimunitv, are, after all, only instruments in His hands for carrying out His righteous laws, and governing well and wisely a people entrusted to their care ; they must one day stand with the mixed and mis cellaneous throng at time ju dgutent sent of Christ ; there all earthly distinctions are not known ; the kin', it may be. standing side by side with the once de spised and suppliant Lazrilus; the queen in close proximity to the outcast Mag dalene! This form of prayer brings us at once to a proper understanding of otr position; with God's word it commences, with Goe's word it ends ; it reminds us that our earthly adoration, fit and be coming in its place, must not usurp tlhat of Him who is the ' blessed and only Potejitate, the King of Kings and Lord of Lords, who only hath inmaaortalitv, dowelling in the light which no man can approach unto, to whom lie honour and power eerilastiag.'... The ardnous douties to which rulers are called, their respon sihility, tIme difiiculties and discourage mnats under which they labour, teach us in the strongest manner that they daily and eminently need the divine blcssing. This blessing, like all others, will be given only in unswer to prayer. Of these blessings rulers are the chief instruments, but they cannot be the means of good to a nation unless their efforts are crowiiel with the divine blessing. If we wonbld then receive public blessing, we are bLund, indispensably, to supplicate for our beloved Queen, and all that are in authority....True, we have not yet learnt how to ' beat our swords into plough shares, or our spears into pruning hooks,' neither have we ceased to ' learn war any more '; but surely under God's blessing Smuch bloodshed has been proeo lted, war \- which might have deluged Europe with ; blood has so far been averted, able statesmen being endued with wisdom v from on high to hold in check any cn croachnients which would mar the peace and prosperity of the lattcr days of her Majesty's reign. May the sword long , remain in its scabbard ; may the death dealing Muxim gun belch forth its iron haill no more; may that destructive in vention of un iern times, the 'torpedo,' which skims above and beneath the water like a thing of life, hurl not a thousand men or more, without a moment's warn ing, into eternity; may a ' quiet and pencable life.' with all godliness and honesty mark the remaining years of Queen Victoria's reign,jand be extended to her successors ; so that Christ's reign on earth may be hastened, if so it is to be, and that the ' whole world shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea.'...History repeats itself, and where we find a community, or rather the governing body which re presents the community, ignoring the Creator, and have we not done so in more ways than one ? and which seeks not 'first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness,' how can we expect in all honesty, that all things which would otherwise tend to our advancement in national prosperity, should he added unto us ?...That which is good in itself, and acceptable in the sight of God our Savi our, we should do, and abound in. May we have his smile and approbation in all our undertakings, and then we have need of no fear that ' He will prosper the work of our hands upon us.' Let the inhabitants of this picturesque village of Sunbury lend their voices to swell the volume of prayer and thanksgiving which shall this day be offered to the great and glorious King which inhabiteth eternity. While we are sealoiis for our Queen and country, let us never forget Him, qy whose Almighty blessing that country and that Queen must stand. While wre are labouring hard for .the suplport of our own families, let us not cease to pray that God would make onei labours, as well as those of others, pros perous. While we are anxious to pass peaceab>ly and honestly through the world, let us again remember that we ourselves, our hearts, our affections, our faith, our prayers, are the purchased property of Christ. Our bodies bear the stamp of His image, our souls are re deemed by His blood, our hearts are prepared temples wherein the Holy Ghost should dwell; and our best love, our warmest gratitude, our purest and most ardent se vices, are all too little when we seek to pay the debt of s Chiistian to his C'ireator and Redeetruer. \While we render unto our beloved Queen the things which rightly belong to her, let us also niever forget to ' render unto God the things which are God's.' The National Anthem was sung in a spirited manner by the choir. A Biurr, in commemr.oration of the Queen's J ubilee was hell last night at the Asviu;u. About eightý' guesta, who weie pr(sent b)y invitation from the staff. iput in an rippCel ance, and en joyeil themselves thoreuimhly. As we wunt to p)iss before the ball was over we ame un able to give pa:ticulars ti. next issu., 