Turf Gossip. Owners and trainers of young stock are hereby given a final reminder that nominations of now yearlings for the A. J.C. classic events of 1897-8-9 % close on Monday next, 7th instant, with the acting secretary, Mr. T. R. EvauB, at the office of the club, Castlereagh - street, Sydney ; the secretary of the V.R.C., Melbourne ; the secretary of theS.A-J.C., Adelaide ; and the secretary of the Q.T.C., Brisbane, j before 4 o.m. : and on the same date, at noon, with the secretary of the C.J.C., Christchurch, and the seoretary of the A.R.C., Auckland, New Zealand. The items are the December Stakes (summer, 1897) of 20 sovs,, 5 sove. ft., with 500 sovs. added, owner of second horse to receive 100 sovs. add the third 50 sovs. from the prize, 6 furlongs ; Champagne Stakes (autumn, 1898) of 20 sovs. each, 5 sovs. ft, with 500 sovs. added, second horse to receive 100 sovs. and third 50 sovs., 6 furlongs ; A. J.C. Derby (spring, 1898) of 30 sovs. each, 5 sovs. ft., with 500 sovb. added, second horse 100 sovs. and third 50 sovs. from the prize, 1} mile ; and St. Leger (autumn, 1898) of 20 sovs. each, 5 sovs. ft ., with 300 sovs. added, second to reoeive 100 sovs. and third 50 bovs. from the prize, If mile. Nominations will be re ceived free, and withdrawals can be effected for 1 8ov. from the December Stakes and Champagne Stakes up to 4 p.m. on the date of general entry for the meetings in which the. events are included ; while entrants for the Derby and St. Leger can re main in until the Thursday* before the race, and then retire on payment of 5 sovs. Mr. George E. Faithfull, of Brewaranna station, has bestowed the following names on the thorough bred youngsters owned by him : — B f by Niagara from Gold like, 'Gold Dust ; ' br f by Malua from Karma, ' Lady Carmine ; ' be by. Sweet 'William .from Queen Mab, 'Tact;' and b cby Russley from imported Wildfire, ' Firebrand.' The V.R.C. managementhave reason to be satisfied with the numerical support accorded by owners and trainers to the leading events of the Grand National Steeplechase Meeting, as well as with the quality of the entrants. Among the candidates for the G.N., Hurdle Race are Irish Stev, Jack Hanwell, Faber Favour, and His Grace, who recently achieved dis tinction at Bandwick, as well as Seabreeze, Pilot Bov, Ray, and iEolus, who have also been successful over the small sticks at head quarters. The Victorian division include such apt performers at the illegitimate game as Hippie, Tertins, Larrikin, Buzzi, Hive, Gratiano, Woonoke, Soult, Zouroff, T&guts;, Borderer, and Earlston. New Zealand is represented by Donald M^Kinnon, Tiritea, and Mutiny ; South Australia has U.Z., Conven tioner, Fairlight, and General Gordon to act on her behalf, while Alreston, Britomarte, Benedict, and Nora Creina are included in the Tas- 1 manianteam. The Victorian contingent of cross- 1 countryjhorses includes such ''exports over timber as Larrikin, Tagus, Zouroff, ^pive, Larnook, Riot, Mikado II., Romsdal, Woonoke, Walter, BaJmaghie, Tarracom, Dondi, Nipper, Cerberus, and Campaspe. The New Zealand sportsman, Mr. W. Douglas, has nominated Mutiny, Donald M'Kinoon, and Tiritea. The South Australian batch include U.Z:, Confi dence, and Confusion. ' Alveston represents Tas mania, and Cadet is the only nomination from colony. The thoroughbred stallion Launceston, by Tasman from Biibina, left on Tuesday., for Mr. C. H. Roberts's Currawong station, where he will be put to stud duty. The racehorse Cremorne has been thrown out of work, and will in a few days be taken to Mr. Mit chell's Tabletop station, near Albury, where he will be spelled. Although Cremorne is now eight years old he is as . sound as ever he was on the legs, not even having a splint ; but with increasing age his trainer (J. Ailsopi finds that the son of Glorious is more liable to lose form when kept long in train ing. Fortunately Cremorne has always had a patient and far-seeing owner and trainer, and he has not been raced off his legs like many other horses, and it is expected that after a epell he will come back to the track in a short time as fresh ~ as ever. He is a horse quickly got into form, and may be in as good fettle in the coining spring as he was last year. The sum of £500 was distributed in prizes at the May meeting of rattersall's Club on Saturday, of which Messrs. T. Cook, E. Trevellyan, H. C. Hughes, W. Miller, and E. Keys received £90 each for the successes of Faber, Kilt, Silvertone, Messmate, and Braeburn in the Hurdle Race, Flying Handicap, Tattersall's Stakes, Winter Stakes, and Welter Handicap respectively ; while second money of £10 ? each event to Meson. H. Bradburn, A. Williams, Jy Samuels, S. Fielder, and R. Ingersole for Favour^ The Tola, Strathglass, Vanitas, and Kelso re* spectively in the same events. Piccolo, who won the Hurdle Race at the recent Q.T.C. meeting at Brisbane, comes from GoondH windi ; and Bluoher, who ran second in the High* ' weight Welter at the same meeting, is well known in the Inverell district. Before the race for the Lincolnshire Handicap, Mr. J. C. Sullivan, the owner of Winkfield's Pride, was asked to put a price on the horse, and he replied, ' I'll take £9000, not one penny less.' The offer was not closed With, and at a second interview Mr. Sullivan declined to part with the son of Wink* field and Alimony at any price. His good judgment' was amply repaid by tlie success of the horse, who - had been backed heavily. Thechestnutcolt by Carbine from Duenna has been named Pelissier. He is a full brother to Amberite. J. Ristenpart, acting on behalf of Mr. R. Craven, has privately purchased the brood mare Narara (full sister to Brookleigh), and stinted to Autonomy. Mr. Craven intends shortly relegating Bliss and The Meddler to stud duties ; and in addition to tho aforementioned he has Balance, by Trenton from Seesaw, and Oceana, the dam of Newhaven, who is. stinted to Corinth. . Messrs. C. Bennett and R. Wotton have been suc cessful in collecting the sum of £72 5b in aid of Mrs. Gardiner, the mother of tbe jockey Thomas Gardi- -:m, ner, who was recently killed at Kensington. They ^ have been promised another £10, which will make ^ the sum up to £82 5s. Mr. T. Watson has been appointed to tne position of starter tc the Rosebery Park Pony and Gallo way Race Club. The Splendor gelding, The Hermit, who after hit unsuccessful visit to Tam worth was bought at auc tion by the Glen Innes sportsman, Mr. J. M'Shane, for 23 guineas, soon repaid the purchase money, for at the Inverell meeting on Queen's Birthday ho secured the Opening Handicap, and ran second in. the Jockey Club Handicap. The racehorse Tucka Tuoka, by Gozo -from Wanda II., has been turned out for a lengthy spell . at Moree. ' From Bathurst is reported the death of Mr. J. J. Sullivan's well-bred stallion, Forest IKing, by Mari byrnong from Xarifa, by Tarragon from Fairv, by lieutenant from Alice Grey, bv St. John from Alice, by Camel. On the 21st ultimo the horse had an at tack of gripes, and though every possible remedy was administered he died on the night of the 23ra from ulceration of the intestines. Forest King has sired a number of good performers, and the loss of such a well-bred and successful horse is a serious one to Mr. Sullivan. The amateur rider, Mr. W. H. Pye, put up a good performance on Saturday and Monday, the 22nd and 24th of last month. At the Sydney Turf Club's meeting at Bandwick on Saturday he rode Trichord, who can into a place in the Welter Handicap, ana then travelled by rail to Forbes. On Monday Mr. Pye secured the two principal events at the annual meeting of the Forbes Amateur Race Club on Here ward, who is evidently a good sort of a horse. The big son of Andover carried 12st 61b in the Birthday Handicap and 12st 121b in the F.A.R.C. Handicap, ' negotiating the milein.the latter instance, pulling up, in I minute 62 seconds. The feature of the meeting was the acceptance of almost every horse nominated. ? for a race. Mr, Read, in the absence of Mr. D. J. , Moloney, satisfactorily filled the position of secre tary, and the meeting .resulted in a substantial profit to the funds of .tha Forbes Amateur Race Club. The Y.R.C. Grand National entries are in every - - way satisfactory. There are 46 nominations for tha Steeplechase,- which is exactly last year's number ; but there iB a total of 81 in the Hurdle Race, which is a record, and shows an increase of 19 on tha' figures of 1896. Taranaki was on Monday struck out of the Elles meie StakeB in connection with the A.J.C. June Meeting. Forty-one bookmakers were fined £10 each at tha Water Police Court on Monday for betting at Rand wick during the ourrency of the Birthday Meeting of the Sydney Turf Olub. No less than 80 nominations were received on Mon day for the Rosehill Cup, the principal event to be run at the Accession Commemoration Meeting of the Rosehill Racing Club. Among the horses engaged are the following well-known performers : — Ad- monition, True Blue, Aurea, Yanitas, Devoted, Pre caution, Mahee, Akarini, Se minimis, Albicore, Insu lator, King Clovis, Survivor, Thespian, Telegraph, *v-' Messmate, Kallatina, Mundiva, and Itebel Queen. At the Saionara raoe meeting on Queen'* Birth day, held on the Bowning racecourse,\he Saionara Produce Stakes, 6 furlongs, was won by Mrs. T. ^ Scauton's bilk f Tata, by Saionara from 'Firefly, by Millbank. Four youngsters started; and the others were gr f Welcome, by. Saionara from Buttercup,' . ? ? by King Viotor; blk g Marvel,by S&ionatti; from . '? little Queen, by Khan ; and Idalara, : by Saionara ' from Idalia, by ltd. *. ' The well-known racehorse Swagmfcn, by 'Forest - King from Queen Mab, had his racing career brought to a close at the Wodonga Amateur Race Meeting on Queen's Birthday. While talrinp part in the Flying Handicap, Swag man was galloped upon and had the back tendons of one leg completely severed. Swagman won his first race in metropoli tan company at Warwick Farm June meeting, 1894, under the colours of Mr. W. Brown, and since then has appeared with more or less success, racing in the names of Messrs. T. G.Muir, W. B. Delander, B. Ha tton. T. Brown, and J. Gardner in the metropolitan districts of New South WaleB and Victoria. Daring the early part of the current season he was purchase! by a Western Australian sportsman, and in that colony he continued his winning career, subsequently returning to Victoria. Swagman was one of tha best of Forest King's progeny. Moree race meeting haB been granted registration by the A. J.C. . The stewards of the Canterbury Park pony, and galloway races last week disqualified for 12 months the hay mare Bandicoot and her rider (D. Bannan tj tie) for suspicious running in the Ashfleld Handi cap. A fine -looking sister to Tricolour and a brother to Seaman trill shortly be put into work by Mr. W. Clift. The Newmarket Handicap winner, Carlton, Bailed last week by the steamer Argus for India. Our Brisbane correspondent telegraphs that the lightweight jockey Hopkinsou has had hiB license cancelled by the Q.T.C. for his handling ofthe horse Pretender, who was second in the Auction Stakes run on Monday last. The owner and trainer of the horse have been exonerated from blame in the matter. The many friends of the well-known horseman Mi\ T. Hales will learn with regret that his health of late has been none of the best, and that accord ing to latest advices from Adelaide he was confined tohis room. His medical adviser has ordered a complete change, and in view of carrying out the advice Mr. Hales intends to dispose of his racing ' »? stock, as well as hiB residence at Moonee Ponds ( Victoria.) H. Harmon, who trains for the Messrs. Manifold, has the following string of junipers at work on the Flemiugton tracks : — Veronica, Tagus, Soult, Doon diab, Pivot, and Orion. Referring to the Derby favourite, the Sportsman of 24th April says : — We have good reason to know that the rumours adverse to the well-being of Galtee More are without foundation, and it may be of interest to state that, no longer than two months ago, a gentleman anxious to win tbe Derby inquired the price of the big son of Kendal and Morganette, and was told in reply that £20,000 was tbe lowest offer that would be even considered, Mr. Gubbins not being at all desirous to sell. In addition, there was a stipulation to the effect that the horse should continue his training under the care of Darling, his present trainer. The Messrs. Miller have this season had elope upon 60 two-year-olds put into training, aud the first race won by any of them was on Saturday last, when Lustre, by Splendor from Equation, secured the Two-year-old Handicap at the V.R.C. meeting. Lustre was' bred at the Tocal stud in this colony, and as a yearling was purchased for 160 guineas by Mr. T. Uphill, from whom she is leased. A visitor to the stud farm of Mr. W. Douglas at Te Mahanga, Hawkes Bay, states that he noticed the thoroughbred stallions Torpedo, Quilt, Strephon, and Hiko all running loose in the same paddock. They appeared to be on the most friendly terms with each other, and looked the picture of health. The stallions are placed in boxes at night. Mr. Douglas \- affords perhaps the only instancy of a studm aster allowing his stallions such freedom. The practice is one which must be attended with a good deal of danger, but, it is urged, ensures a more even temperament m the horseB. The racehorse Tom (winner of the S.T.C. Anni versary Handicap), by Invader from Marian, took his departure from Melbourne yesterday in tbe steamship Darmstadt for Colombo. Tom ha6 been purchased by a Ceylon sportsman with the view of securing the Governor's Cup. The death of The Skipper, who succeessfully car ried the colours of Mr. S. Hordern in the A.J.C. Metropolitan, 1896, is reported from Singapore ; but the cause of his demise is not stated. Mr. W. Douglas, of H&wke;'s Bay, N.Z., con templates another visit tb Australia shortly with a team of jumpers, consisting probably of Donald M'Kinnon, Tiritea, Toreki, and a five-year-old gelding by Torpedo from Honeysuckle. In Sydney at the present, time, there is an absence of good jumping horses, and Mr. Douglas's arrival will be welcome. 1 A tbree-year-old colt by Splendor from Powder, and a two- year-old fillv by Lochiel from Latonia, have been added to R. Soysted's string in., training at Wagga. Tbe thoroughbred stock on the Wagingoberembee station, Wagga, are stated to be suffering consider ably in consequence of the drought. The Chester mare Escapade, who is carrying a foal to Mentor, is very weak. Tbe Tamworth Jockey Club made a net profit of £120 on the recent races and pigeon match. This is considered highly satisfactory. Grace, who was in jured in th3 principal race on the second day of the annual races, has now sufficiently recovered to be able to leave the hospital; The New Zealand sprinter Goldspur ran his first race on Boxing Day last. He was then 4 years old, and had been given sufficient time in which to fully develop and mature. During the last Clui&tchurch; Jockey Club Meeting he was timed to have run a furlong in 11 seconds; M.L.A., White Hose, and Sweet Rose are reported to have left Narrandera for Melbourne in charge of W. Andrews. White Rose is a three-year- old sister to Moss Rose, and has only recently been taken in hand. The yearling, filly by Strathmore from Eileen, the \- dam of V«keel, ittttd by Mr. Diran,; of Tasmania, has been sold to Mr. R. G. Talbot, of that colony for 65 guineas. Sabretache appears to have had a rough passage on his trip across to New Zealand, for it is stated that on landing at Auckland he presented a pitiable Bight, and would not for a time be likely to do much racing. He was cat about the legs, but his injuries are said not to be so serious aB they looked. Since then the son of Cuirassier and Roie has been sold for 250 guineas. Escort, a son of Chester, who has won many raceB in his day on the fiat and over hurdles, is'now com peting iu hack races in Tasmania. Veno, who ac companied Escort from this colony on the voyage across to Tasmania, is employed in the service of a drover. Among the starters for the Kingsclere Handicap, mile, at the Kempton Park Easter Meeting, were the Australian horses Merman and Bombshell II., who had been apportioned the topweights of 9st 7Jb and 9s!; respectively. The event was won by the American horse Roman Chief, 7st 4lb, while Merman finished fifth, and the New Zealander away back. Paris and Sprig o' Myrtle were engaged in the Hare wood Handicap, 2 miles, at the same meeting with !0st 71b and lOst respectively, but they both declined to compete. The minimum weight was 7st 71b. In every instance the Australian horses were well taken care of by the handicapper. A pony race meeting was held at Bundarra on the 26th instant, when the Opening Handicap was won by Mr. Duncan's My Love, the Galloway Handicap by Mr. Jurd's Little Bay, the Record Reign Handi cap by Mr. Jurd's Ruby, and the Trot by Mr. Duncan's Milly. The beet-performed horse in Australia during the past six months is the Queeneiand gelding Battalion. As a haadicaphoraehe IS superior to any horse here, with the exception of Hopscotch, but he is able to go a distance better than the son of Grand Flaneur. It is doubtful if Hopscotch could, however, negotiate a mflewjnd a quarter with list 3lb in the saddle in 2 minuieB 11$ seconds, as Battalion did on Saturday In the Q.T.C. Moreton Handicap. The principal event on Saturday, the concluding day of the Birthday Meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club, was the steeplechase, which was won by the aged gelding Stockings, by Hamlet's Ghost from Miss Twist. A couple of unimportant countxy races are the only wins Stockings haB to his credit during the last three years. Soliman, the winner of the Great Metropolitan at the Epsom Spring Meeting, has been successful over the small sticks, having won five hurdle races last season. The son of St. Simon and Alibech was bred by Lord Durham, who sold him at tie close of an unsatisfactory three-year-old season tb Mr. H. I. Hicham. A few days prior to the race for the Great Metro *-olitan, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales purchased the gelding Glentilt, by Highland Chief from Duchess of Cod naught, to lead Persimmon in his work, and started him in the long-distance race at Epsom, in which he ran second to Soliman. At the Epson Spring Meeting on April 28 the com petitors for the Great Metropolitan, 2J miles, numbered half a score, viz. : — Mr. H. I. Higham's b h Soliman, by St. Simon — Alibeck, 5 years, 7sfc 41b (Allsopp), I ; H.R.H. the Prince of Wales's b g Glentilt, by Highland Chief— Duchess of Connaught, G years, 7st 71b (Madden), 2 ; Mr. J. E. Piatt's ch f Hattie, by Kendal — Skarte, 4 years, 7st (K. Cannon), 3 ; Gluten, Cat 101b ; EclipBe, 8st ; Glow, 6st 91b ; Telescope, 9st lib ; Chitchat, 7st 121b ; Dingle Bay, 7st 71b ; aud Gold Keeper, 7st 51b. Chitchat was favourite at 2 to 1, Soliman next at 4 to 1, and then 5 to 1 v. Telescope, 8 to 1 v. Gold Keeper and Gluten, 12 to. 16 to 1 v. others. The race is described in the Sportsman as under : — ' The race for the Metropolitan was a somewhat peculiar one. Dingle Bay, after his manner, went pounding away with the letfl, and retained it, more or leas, for a mile and a half, going no doubt at his best pace, as he did last year at York. Chitchat did not seem to come very handily round the turns, and just after thoy had passed the furzes and were ap | proaching the descent to Tattenham Corner, he was last but two ; he then, however, began to close up pretty quickly, and seamed as if about to take a really good place ; but directly the down-hill busi ness began he faltered, and did not gaiu another yard — in fact, he lost ground. Soliman, on the other hand, went bounding down the slope like a cricket ball, and Allsopp, sending him along, poached Eeveral lengths before the others seemed to j realise the position. The ex-hurdle racer turned ' into tbe straight with such a commanding advantage that nothing except his cutting it could very well prevent his winning. Chitchat never had a ghost of a chance after his lamentable show down the hill, and nothing but old Glentilt, who hunted the winner gallantly home, could be said to deserve even honourable -mention, so far as the beaten division was concerned. - Soliman seemed to thoroughly relish his tatk, as he strode out and skimmed along, scarcely striking the ground at all, one could almost think, and he passed the post the easiest imaginable winner in 4 minutes 12 l-5th seconds, which is just fair time. Hattie vvas third on her merits, but Chitchat was last except the two tailed ofi' ones. Gold Keeper gave way in the off fore leg, but all the others pulled up sound.' The English jockey W. Brown, who has been re siding in Victoria for some time, intends returning next month to France, where' he will resume his connection with the stable of M. Arnaud. Mr. J. A. Rose has bean more successful with his horses in the Northern districts than he was recently in the West, Ou the 24th of last mouth Wild Bird, by Gozo from Prairie Bird, won the Corinthian Plate at the meeting of the Tamworth Holiday Association, and also the Six-furlong Flutter. The principal event at the meeting was won by Mr. C. Jeffries Britten'B Osborne, by Rusaley- from Queensbarry, who has apparently re gained liis form, as he carried 8st 91b, and won com fortably. Osborne was unfortunate in running second in two races at the annual meeting on the Tamworth R.C. to that good mare Semiramis. J. Robinson and J. Gibbs, two Indian jockeys, are now spending a holiday in Australia. Gibbs rode the English horse Sprightly on the two occasions on which he wo{i the \ iceroy'B Cup. Robinson was attached to the stable of Messrs. Ezra. The principal handicap at the Birthday meeting of the Newcastle Jockey Club was won by the brown gelding Croagingalong, by Splendor from Sunrise, who carried his 7et 111b to the front at the end of a mile in good style. He beat a fair field, including Tramp, who performed so well at the Tamworth meeting. Croagingalong ran in the Stewards' Mile at Moorefield the previous week, end though he was well backed did not distinguish himself. Croagin galong has a pair of crooked front feet, and is another illustration of the fact that horses run in all shapes. He is just the style of animal with which one could make good matches in the ' back blocks.'' C. F. Turner, who was so successful at Warialda, won another double at the Inverell J.C. meeting, Narcissus securing the I. J.C. Handicap with lOst 5lb up, and King the Goodwood Handicap with 10 st up. Mr. Turner has apparently the happy knack of properly placing his string at country meetings. He now proposes paying Toowoomba a visit with his 6tring. The black gelding Trent, who won the double, Birthday Handicap aud Welter Handicap, at the last meeting of the V.R.C., is by Trenton from Sumatra, and5 years old. Though he has been running a. number of times this season, this is the fret occasion on which he has won a race. It is a good beginning, to commence with a mile and a half race ana a mile race ou the same afternoon. It appears he is a very difficult horse to train, aud his foet, since his double victory, are giving his trainer & great deal of trouble. ? ? ? The racehorses Le Master, Reynaldo, and Flaneur, in charge of D. Donovan, and Euchre and King Cole, iu charge of J. Kelly, have been taken to Melbourne from Albury. Reyualdo will be raced over hurdles and Euchre over tne big jumps. The City Handicap, the principal event on tho first day of the Birthday meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club, was won by the chestnut four-year-old horse Thunderer, by Thunderbolt from Queen Con Bort. He is a full brother to Thunder Queen, and, though somewhat unreliable, has on several occa sions proved himself to be very fast when in a racing mood. About 12 months ago he paid the. handsome dividend of £99 4s in the totalisator on the S.A. J.C. Baker Handicap. The particulars of the race for the City aud Sub urban Handicap decided at the Epsom Spring Meeting, and of which the result has been announced by cable, are to hand. The starters were Duke of Devonshire's b c Balsamo, by Friars' Balsam — Snood, 4 years, 7st 41b (Madden), 1 ; Mr. L. Brassey's b c Bay Ronald, by Hampton— Black Duchess, iyears, 76t,7Jb t Allsopp), $ ; Sir J. filler's b m La Sagesse, by Wisdom— St. Mary, q years, 7st 121b, 3 ; Amandier, 8st 21b ; Villiers, jet ; South Australian, Cst 131b ; Teufel, 6st l2Ib ; Diakka, 7st 131b ; Stowmarket, 7st 101b : Quarrel, 8st 131b ; Santa Anita, 7st 121b ; Phoebus Apollo, 7st'2lb ; Rampioir, 7st 21b ; Crestfallen, Cst 111$ ; and Melfit ana,6st91b. Betting; 9to2vBal6amo, WOtolSvStow maxket, 9 to 1 v Teufel, 100 to 11 v Bay Ronald, 100 to 9 v South Australian and Quarrel. 100 to 8 to 100 to 2 v others. The Sportsman's description of the race ii subjoined -.—When the word- ' go ' was given Bay Ronald, Balsamo, Melfitana, and Amandier were benefited by the inside berths. Whereas the last named soon dropped back into tho fear, except for the outpaced Phoebus Apollo, Balsamo and Crest fallen singled themselves out from Melfitana, Ram pion, Bay Ronald, and Teufel.' The two leaders disputed every inch of ground to Tattenham Corner, where Crestfallen began to -compound, and as he died away the other three -year-old snared his retreat. This left Balsamo with a clear lead on the rails, and until half-way up the straight he looked like win ning easily. From that point Bay Donald, who na$ got rid of Teufel and Diakka, We down upon him very fast, and in an exciting finish Balsamo only just held his own by half a length. Equally spirited was the battle for place money, and with Amandier and Villiers on the right, and La Sagesee'on the left, sweeping past the' pest in a line, all that the judge could do was to give La Sagesse a short head advan tage «_f the other two. South Australian, unable to hold a gopd position in tlie 'early stages, was run ning on at the finish, and Teufel and Diakka divided him from Stowmarket aud Quarrel, a pair that had never been fairly dangerous. Time, 2 minutes 14 seconds. Mr. N. Payten's string at Albury have been strengthened by the addition of Playmate, a full sister, to Summer and Comrade. The daughter of Sunrise has only raced a few times. Word comes from Victoria that a very tempting offer has neen refused for the smart two-year- old filly Key. Many good judges of racing who saw her win the V.K.C. Royal Handicap recently at Flemington state that in a weight-for-age race over a short course she would defeat both Aurum and Fleet Admiral. Tliore is no doubt Key is an exception ally good performer for so young a tilly in handicap events, and promises to develop into a first-class mare. . She is by the imported stallion. Padlock from Governess. Padlock is now represented in the whole of the five colonieB — by Yale Lock in West Australia, Security in South Australia, Key in Victoria, Muti neer in New South Wales, and R'»sebery in Queens land. Mutineer, who is now stationed at Randwick, is from Restless, a sister to Mentor (Melbourne Clip winner of 1888), and, though he did not display any particular ability as a galloper at the recent meet ings at Randwick, he is a beautiful-looking colt, who should in time win races. Padlock, who is a small horse, is quickly coming to the front as a very success ful sire, all of hi 3 stock being possessed of pace. Jaffer Khan, who is said to be a personality in the racing world of India, has published his remi niscences. He was born in Meerut in 1840, and began his turf career as a light-weight by winning a race at the Meerut meeting in 1855, two years previously to the mutiny. J affer held the position of coachman to a Mr. Johnston at the outbreak of the mutiny, and is stated to have saved the life of Mrs. Johnston and her daughter at considerable risk to himself. The book is an interesting record of a long and useful life on the turf, and all the old names are passed in review, and many interesting incidents and adven tures are narrated by the veteran rider. The book is dedicated to the Maharaja of Patiala, who is one of the most successful horseowners iu India. Oudise, by the defunct Berry Jerry sire Oudeis, won a double and ..also ran second in the third race in which he started at Jthe Yerong Creek May meeting, and is 6poken of as a horse that promises to race well in good company. Oudise was bred by Mr. Etvan Cimeron, of Cross Roads. The Deniliquin Jockey Club has decided to hold its annual race meeting on the 15th and 16th July. It has also been decided to call upon those gentlemen who guaranteed the last meeting on 26th January to make good the deficiency which resulted. The South Australian sportsman, Mr. John Pile, who proposes taking a trip to Japan for the benefit of his health, has earned a reputation during his 30 years' racing experience as one of the most honest owners Known on the iustrxlian turf. He takes a keen interest in sport for sport's sake, and nothiug delights him so well as to poEsees a really first-class racehorse, especially one able to go cross country. Long before totalisators were knowu Mr. Pile rac.ed horses in South Australia, and his well-known colours (yellow and black spots) were frequently seen on the racecourses in the Riverina. At Went worth, Menindie, Wilcannia, aud other places Mr. Pile's nominations leut additional interest to the gatherings, and they were always well backed by the puMic. In the days when the Went worth Cup was worth 250 guineas Mr. Pile won it twice, once with Ab^ot and once with Slim Jim. Mr. Pile is always happy to relate incidents in connection with his turf experiences in the Riverina, and his recollections are full of characteristic sketches of the old squatters' townships. The* horses owned and raced by Mr. Pile at various - times included Abbot, Tiuiberoo, Camel, Canary. Merlin (in his day a great handicap horse), Fishhook, Avalanche, Lantern, Snowstorm, Tame Eaglej Chrysalis, Abdallah, Vain Hope, Mahdi, Confidence, Wattle, Lady Superior, Yule, Hamilton, Surprise, Ballarat, Affluence, Rhetori cian, Banjo, Prosper, Pure Grit, Guardfish, Carlton, and Havolock. Mr. Pile had a penchant for greys, especially if they were jumpers, and among his re presentalives of this colour were such good per formers as Avalanche, Abdallah, Fishhook, Snow storm, Mahdi, Juliet, and last, though not least, Confidence, who ran second on Saturday last in the big steeplechase on the concluding day of the Ade laide R. C. Birthday meeting. Confidence is now 11 years old, and is evidently an oppouent who has yet to be reckoned with. Mahdi won the Oukapariuga Steeplechase with 12st 121b, the greatest weight yet earned to victory in that important fixture. 