A MOVING-DAY ROMANCE. Wessie de Orne was making herself just as nearly disagreeable as possible for a young lady whose temper was natur- ally sweet und patient. There was a distinct frown upon her pretty brows, and au unpleasant curve about her pouting coral lips. "While the sparkle of her dark eyes and the ensrgy of her musical voice might both be described us decidedly snappish. Her coquettish spring hat was tossed recklessly on a barrel which was covered with a fragment of soiled mg carpet. Her umbrella, with its elegant ruby coloured porcelain handle, had been deposited on the gas-heating stove. Her walking jacket and dainty Suede gloves occupied a brass cool scuttle. And the young lady herself was rum- maging through the disordered contents of a corner closet, searching fer what she failed to find. "I thought you said the vases had been put in here, Louise," she remarked at length. " Deal' me, aren't they there ?" answered her elder sister, who was busy striving to evolve order out of chaos. " There isn't asumen as a goblet here, saying nothing about vases," grumbled tho pettish one. , " Well, put your flowers in a cup, cr anything, until we get to the vases . And don't be cross, Wessie," said Lei; sister. " I think anybody has a right to ba cross on moving day," Wessie retorted. " People rwho move every year den't know the meaning of the wcrd home. Besides there is never anything home- like about a big new fiat like this, and I just detest it. I know I'm cross, but I can't help beingso." Wessie's snappish voice had suddenly become plaintive. The unpleasant line around her lovely lips had* changed to the wonted, tender curve. Teat's' had quenched the kindling flames in her dark, beautiful eyes. She put her bunch of fragrant lillies of tlie valley in a pint cup of battered tin, and began to pick up the various articles of her wardrobe. The sympathy in her sister's tones had dispelled her irritation as if by magic. " The house we left was so nice and cosy wasn't it, Louise !" she ccntinued, with a little thrill in her sweet voice. "Well, we should never have left it only for that ill-bred Mr. Guthrie and his odious banjo. No matter hew nice abd cosy a house is, one can't tolerate a' neighbour of that sort, you know," the high-pitched, raspish notes of Wessie's mother chimed in as that lady entered the room. "People can't have everything, just as they would like," Wessie reminded ber. " Well, of two «vile I cheese the least : the apartments here may not be quite so -desirable, but we are-rid of that common person and his detestable instrument," î£vs. de Orne said with a shrug more expressive than lier words. " Why, mamma, Roy Guthrie is an accomplished ' musician. He has been offered a number of places as teacher ai large salaries, and. he is considered a master of the piano," said Wessie. '. You are very simple, my dear, to, believe his boasting fictions," sniffed the elder lady. . " He wculd jump . at the chance of getting a salary of any kind, There is no doubt cf his being miserably Eoor. I am astonished that you should ave allowed him to talk with you at all." On jessie's soft cheeks the eloquent colour was swiftly changing from deli- cate, pink to the richest carmine. ' A long, quivering sigh issued from her coral lips, and with a sudden movement, curiously caressing, she laid her lovely face against the greet hunch of hiles of the valley. "Did .Roy. Guthrie give you these flowers, Wessie ?"~her mother demanded, with severity. "Yes, mamma," the lovely culprit confessed, with her sweet eyes on the floor. " Well-really-I donVknow whether I am more amazed at his brazen pre- sumption or at your silliness, Wessie," her mother declared, stormily. " I for- bid you ever to speak to him again. If ycu meet him anywhere you must not ^notice- him. Do you hear me ?" "Yes, mamma," replied the demure and respectful voice. " We have a more desirable neighbour here," Mra De Orne resumed, with an air of importance. " He is Mr. Selwyn, and he owns this house, as well as four or five tenement rows in the upper part of the city. He occupies the lower flat ; it had been vacant for some months, so he settled in it himself this morning. He ie a highly eligible young gentleman, Wessie, and if you choose to attract him in a modest, proper way, you can secure a wealthy husband." Again Wessie's lovely face drooped caressingly against her flowers, and she touched her lips softly to the fragrant white, bells. " There are many things better than wealth mamma. And I shall choose my husband because I love him, and because he is worthy of my love," she said with gentle decision. *' You will do exactly as I wish," was the harsh response* " And I think we have moved none too soon. Thank good- ness there "fe no impudent banjoist in this house to teach you disobedience to jour mother and stuff your silly head wiffi romantic notions." - K - £mt&m; á m*A, UMSÍBBT, nattai titkable, t'»t*:llirrg: eee-u-îà to issue from tbe floor beneath their feet. It was the t'iukie of :i banjo, played with marvellous skill and expression. After ;i little prelude a strong, sweet tenor voice begun singing. is thc tender music and matchless tenor voice iotttetJ up to Mi's, de Ome's newly hired apartment there was a silence so profound tint the f iokh-g of Wessie's little gold watch at her belt was dis- tinctly audible. She locked provokingly unconscious. But she did net lift her dark, luminous eyes when ber mother «ni sister flashed a suspicious glance at lier, and a pecu- liar little smile lurked at the corners of her coral mouth. Mrs. de Onie was the first tc speak. » Well-did-rou-ever !" she ejacu- lated, as if she could not command any words "forcible and expressive enough for the occasion'. *' That penniless, low-bred fellow is actually on the floor below us, and with that, dreadful banjo, too. Do you know anything about this, Wessie?" wit!» majestic severity.. Wessie had met the . young man on the street a little while before. He had pre- sented her with tho fte wei's, walked to the door with her, aud entered the house. She had been too shy to question bim, and he had not explained bis presence or errand there. But his fine, keen grey eyes had shown" aliload' twinkle of mis- chief or cz.auxnsdj.uent, which hid mysti- fied and piqued her. It was that-with the certainty of being censured by her motlier for the chance mealing-which had caused her moment . ary mood c£ pettish discontent. " We love each other, and he ought to have been frank with me," she thought vexedly. But slie could not long remain vexed, .with her lover, and her mother's con- temptuous disparagement of him grieved her unspeakably. "He may have a friend living in the house ; I didn't like to ask him why he came here;" she replied'to-her mother's suspicious enquiries. " Of course you couldn't ask bim, dear. Don't" worry the child any mere about it, .niamniu," interposed the gentle Louise. Ma's, de Oine usually submitted to the wishes 'and advice of her eldest ; daughter, and so the . discussion ended there. She turned grumblingly and began to unpack a big wicker crate of silverware andchiuu. " We'll exempt--you, dear. Ton have had your share of the -days task-in staying at the old house i» oversee the loading of the vans," Louise called to her youug sister, as the hitter hurried into an adjoining rociii. . Beyond her mother's suspicious eyes, Wessie allowed herjpent-up bitterness to pour forth ina flpodfcf tears. Her slender frame .shook with har agonised sobs, and she wept until her lovely dark eyes were swollen and reddened with-the'.stinging salt tears. " Ah, why is love so sweet and dear and wonderful, when one must suffer so for its sake?" site moaned. "Why must there always -be -somebody to oppose our best and truest affections ? and why de people prize riches- and the world's empty pomp, more than a honest, faithful heartP . She happened to look toward her lever's gift, of flowers, and the .tears welled forth, biggerand swifter than before. . " Emblems of my brief happiness ! A few days too sweet for earth, and then faded and. perished foi*.ever.! I will not become the wife of my - heart's dear lord unless mamma is .willing ; but if I am parted from him,, thea Î will never be wedded to. any mani" she murmured The days passed without Mrs. de Cine's sentiments undergoing any change re- garding Hoy Guthrie. They never saw him HOW, although they knew he was still in the house. Morning and «vening they heard the exquisite music of his ban jo, and some- times his cultivated tenor voice sing of " Love and death. And of honour which cannot die." It seemed to Wessie as she listened, as if she could not be separated from him, as if she must flee tb the heaven of his arms, defying eveiy. barrier between them. She knew he was thinking of her, singing to her, calling to her through his song. She wondered too, that those heavenly j notes did not touch and soften her mother's stony heart. But on the contrary;. Mrs. de Orne's dislike of the youug man was becoming almost a mania. This state of feeling culminated one evening when Wessie's lark-like soprano voice^ floated up through the open doors, harmonisng exquisitely with that strong and thrilling' tenor, and borrowing an added charm from the sensuous throbb- ing of the banjo. .I Oh, this is too much-it is too much !" . Mrs. de Orne ejaculated ex- citedly. " This abominable man and his execrable banjo must be got out of the house or I must move again. I am going down to consult with Mr. Selwyn ; he is a refined and cultured maxvand no doubt he is as much annoyed as we are." This time Louise s gentle remonstrance was unavailing, and arter exchanging her tea-gown for a more - suitable costume of black satin and amber-coloured moire, she descended to the lo*ö-nat. She rapped briskly at the parlour/door and a slow mtiffled vOlcelaade her enter, i It was a_wet chilling evening in early i Hay, and there was a small , coal fire Before this Mr. Selwyn sui in a.gxeati, high-backed bigh-anned- chair, bis fest» on the fender, bis frame bent forward, while he was mumed from hw snmdder* to hts ears in a faded gray shawl. The house had net yet bec» lighted» and in the gloom of that rainy May twilight he looked almost like on ages mau.v- . ? - "Mrs. de Orne aupnosed he wa» suffering from some slight indisposition, caused by the damp chill weather* awi| she expressed ber sympathy for, him» and her regrets for disturbing him. ' She broached her errand at once, and he listened attentively until she kati ceased. " To serve you in any way would Be- & pleasure and privilege," he then said-; ^-I. am auxious to earn yoT'.r good will, my dear madam, for you hold my life's hap- piness in your keeping. "In my keeping ?" she repeated inquiringly. " I have chosen as my future wife, your daughter-the adorable danghterof? a charming woman.- Naturally, your consent is the first thing to be- 'coa-I sidered," he said with extreme deference* " Not Wessie ?" she questioned in sur- prise. "I mean Wessie, certainly," ho answered. " I shall be pleased, Mi*. Sblwyn. I had rather she should be your wife thart tbe wife of any other," the lady declared. '* Ah, you flatt?!* me, my dear Madam; but I shall try t> deserve your good opinion of me," said lie. arising suddenly to his feet, and throwing the disguising; shawl from his shoulders. At the.«una moment Wessie,* holding her loveras? banjo, stepped from behind a tall screen: of painted leather which shat in a ccsy covner. Mrs. de Onie sprang to her feet with/a sharp exclamation of surprise and anger- ' " What is the meaning bf this, trick this absurd masquerade ?" she deinandad. harshly. "It means that I am Boy Guthrie Selwyn, and that yen would have known the fact a long while ago had yon not kept me at such a distance*" smiled the young mau, lighting a chandelier and thus disclosing the elegant a^pointmenta cf the room. i* But you ought not to Wama me, my/ dear boy. A mother cannot b& too cap- tious where her .daughters are con- cerned," tte lady, said sweetly. " -It was evident that he had overlooked ber scorn and injustice towards bim* fox they were the best of friends, ever after«, wards, and she even became reecnoleéV ! i» his banjo. He : " Are you sure, darling,, that l am the first man you ever loved ?" "She : "rTi£ sure you're the hist one. That should ba sufficieat." _i " Aren't you afraid your husband will ba fascinated by that pretty widow next door?*' " No danger ; he likes a garden, and she keeps chickens." Teacher : " Boy what Í6 a peninsula ?" Boy : " A point of land extending into the water;" Teacher : Good ! What's a strait? Boy: "Ace, king, "queen, jack and ten; spot." "There is a rush for you to-day,* observed the silk. "You will ba made much of." " That depends," answered th« dress goods, "whether they use me fee sleeves or only for the gown/' " Is Stumps as close as he is. repr£~ seated ?" "I'm his lawyer, you know.. He's fighting a doctored bill of 40dols. just now. Its* for doctoring Stumps through the mumps. He wants the^mount cut in two because he was only affected on one side.'* , " Harry, you had bettor sit part etih»¿ evening on my right Side and part of ikoa my left side." " Cupid's ghost-- what's:. that for ?" " I don't want people to be saying that you got curvature of the spine on my account." i " I did not expect you would shed tears because I'm going to take your. daughter away," said the bridegroom elect. " B is for you that I'm weeping, young man,' said the cid gentleman, as be carelessly ' thumbed the stubs of his chequebook. " Doctor," the caller asked, of thar dis- tinguished surgeon, " when ordinary methods fail to bring a man from nuder the influence of chloroform, how do you proceed?" "I show bim his bill." Insurance agent : *' Have yon your house insured against fire ?" Mrs. Hollies : " Wo, sir." I.A. : ** Are you not afraid of fires?%*? Mrs. H.: "I am not, but my husband is. very much in awe of them." I.A. : " That, so?*' Mrs. H. : "Yes; Buring.the ten years of our married life he has never kindled a fire." Bridesmaid : " You poor frightened darling ! You looked scared to-death afc the altar." Brido : " Yes ; -poor George - trembled so I was dreadfully afraid ha would lose courage and run away."" '- : She : " I went to a fortune teller to-day*,' just for a lark, and she told Jue a lot of things." He: "Yes; soma of them hifcifc;f pretty closely ; but I hope you, don^ think1 there is anything supernatural abotrttheir powers. They just use shrewd judgment; -that is «IL" "That may be true, dear. She told me I was married to aman who» fell far short of what J deserve." Adolphus Softíeigh : " Ah, my dear Misa . Edith, yon dc not dream how many sordid, men would seek tn marry suc^aa innocenlv trusting girl as yo« ara, juBtfoirhsr money. But I hope the man who wina yoa wiltlove/. Sra for your own sweet sake alena/1. -IBs» <Kth: " radeed, hewffl Juwe tov Ifs my ; cousin--whesenam» igj£b* sama aa- mine ?? ?? who is so rich. I haven't a penny of "my own.". Aft {after, an awkw«4ii»itte)4. "What strange weather'we^usHmvin«: HW*.*- ' -^"-"?,:^V.:',v^O 