fgEHSTERY OF MEL&N1E; OB. Through Darkness to Light, By VICTOR POWER, Author of "A Secret of the Past," "A Perilous Venture," etc., etc. ni.iPTiCR XIX.— (Conttnued.) . "r" uul- silc-nce Harold spoae \ --die" lmarse and unsteady, "r-tdeny that I have practised J \ ,.L towards you. Alice." he said. 6,;T aw, not altogether the unprin- ,"L rmvai'd that- you appear to think. tl'i. „»«. that 1 had met that girl heroic thr- i-tall — met her abroad ago. when I was Harold Vance." leading my B'enu„aJ1 " n-Mitinnl -,lK an TVV- — 2K tng.-tl.er for a time, Alic-she and 1-1 i.f-ver n-ally loved her. She may have fascinated me. hut that was di Then I 1 siht of hcl'"_I came the Ctiase— I met you. and 1 knew what please. Harold," Alice letenKscd hinerly. "I desire no such K'jkrifi-'Jiis -;s these. tier face was still averted. Harold D'-ring felt that he dared not attempt to d'aw it toward him — at least, just jet. jud-" niv amazement, Alice," he re- FCTied. still in that hoarse, agitated v-m-e, wh-n tliis girl suddenly confront- cj ine in the moonlight, as 1 rode away from the Hal! that night: I was thun- (bi.-mitU: and when 1 realised the fact thai she had come to visit you, I endea vored to reason with her and to con- vir.cr- her that, under the circumstances, the only satisfactory course, open to her- guF to return at once to France. -But she would not listen to this. She rail she l ved you more than her life — in 3 su oil. You know, yourself, 1 dare say. the exaggerated way. she talks. The gisi of the interview was that she re- fed positively to leave tne «an, auu then— then. Alice, there was nothing for it but that she and T should meet on the 'foilotvitig day as strangers to each other. 1 know I was. weak in this; hut I could not bring myself to explain the fa to ynr,. >i clunk- promised to conceal our former acquaintance — and fib-:- did so. As to that meeting on the bridge, 1 swear to you, Alice, that " 'Enough, enough: 1 will not listen to on? other word!" Alice cried, and now again she turn-.-d to lnm, and her ej"cs .wtro lived fearlessly upon his quivering j face. "You do not kn-ow me. Harold, if you thir.U that 1 am one to accept this expla- i.'.iioii. and tamely submit to g'oss uv«r everything, and, as I'll said just now. forget that ;ip c-pisoa : ever occurred. Never, I Kf- Vvi-: 1 have ln-en mistaken in you — ut terly ir.isiaken. You have basely deceiv ed me. Harnui. AH is over between us I far tve-r. Oar engagement is at an end I tow. indeed:" I Eh- was hastily removing the ring I horn her finger, bui Harold again grasp- I cd i-ir har.O CiU-| )t.pj u between both of hi.--. I v A'ire- you shall not remove that ring! '"u wui no1, allow this passing misun- L flerstanOin'g— for u ;s -nothing else— to I ri':.n V0U1 "'0 flR'f tome for c-ver?" I i yqu think," she said slowly, I ' Jfr1V0K€" full "f bitterness, her large, I j i1, ;'>luc' e>"s gazing resolutely into 1) -J!"' fan yw be so blinded as to think I , 1:',uM rVl r n"ain feel to y6u as I I a i ;''''lr"ni'mbenng tills deception, I l1 u'u1o,,'al.')e fact that that" girl I c"nie ':'iHWt>en your heart and I r-(,Eu\,'1£'1 '-s Alice!" he cried at I than v-'iTT' Kmd her- Now 1 feel I 4,v " ' v >> memory." I .Wen,Cfc ' apl yu over and I wiih H W't!l '-ino!'iei'-" Alice answered, I tpol e ' -Ff ''rn overy word she I fsnt'in w.-'.= ludicrously appa- I rjw, ' .,rir' r'11- tbe past days — every inci- I ihiiv <"''1!fR'm(-d the truth. And now waniin10!"'11-"'-1' further proof is Md|v fi, P:1P "'outinued, her glance ra- I over him from head to I 'false v-i V.'n;U 1 charge you wihU is I "Etate of f"'d you here, in this I - 'Bee- as"all0n — r'f utter despair?" I fb»Piu'nPp !K' A,'ee— 1 knew cir- I he saf'mcd to be against me," I hn-uv v jiTt and hurriedly. " I I r.prehe-i,!,./0'1'" f;USpicions w<?re- ana 1 I £:-n? as th!s >Ufc au unpleasant I -i£ you'ean'" truth, at all events I _ ' s"a said; and the sudden calmness of her voice now struck upon his ear more painfully than her former bitterness and scorn. "I am speaking trutjh! Alice, I love_ you, and you only. Give me one chance more — just one! Do not — do not" — and his voice broke into passionate pleading — "do not be merciless, Alice. Do not condemn me to this future of misery and despair!" "Or, of remorse — which?" she an swered. her voice almost inaudible, as she turned quickly from him, and ni- pidlj' removed the ring from her finger. She feit that her strength was failing her, and she knew that if she lingered any longer here she could not answer for the results of her wretched weakness. "Nothing can alter my decision, Ha rold — nothing. All is at an end between us for ever." She placed the ring on the bench where he had been stated a few minutes be fore; then, without again looking at him, she turned away and was gone. CHAPTER XIX.— MRS. LAWLESS BRINGS THE NEWS. Just about the same time that Alice and Harold were undergoing the ordeal of their bitter interview tog-ether, George Fenton and his sister Ethel, in the morning room at Teigncroft, were also engaged in a by no means pleasant con versation. "This is all j-nur doing, Ethel!" George Fenton was saying, as he walked up and down the room, his hands thrust into his coat pockets, his honest face full of indignation. "Tou should not i +l-»of O-il'l tn Alfl.Tl llMVtt SJL UllCVb. 4.- Graham as you did on yesterday after noon. It was no business of yours, at all events!" "Well, he brought it on himself, George," Ethel retorted hotly. "He was continually thrusting her down one's throat, and I really couldn't stand it any longer; so I told him briefly what me opinions were of Mademoiselle Melanie Garaye 1 Then he lost liis temper ,and told us tlir.t ho was just going to ask her to marry, him, and away he went." "And, naturally enough, he didn't care to come back liere— where lie was treat ed so badly," George said, with rising indignation. "So he simply sent up a note last night by the lodge-keeper, to the effect that he was returning to Lon don, and thence to the continent, and that he wished his portmanteau and things to lie forwarded to the old ad dress. I must say, I feel quite ashamed of j'ou, Ethel. You appear to forget that Alan Graham was our invited guest." "And jrou apoear to forget, h.s sistei snapped, "that'Hilda has been placed in a nice position by j'our 'invited S'uesl- But I can quite believe," Ethel added, . . i - IUA pbnnljleVQ with a scorntui snrug <ji nt<= "that you were altogether too dene to so much as perceive it!" "To perceive whrt?" George asked blankly. "I'm sure I don't know what you mean, Ethel. AY hats that jou say about Hilda?" „T "I thought so!" Ethel scoffed I really don't know whether j'ou deserxe to be told it even now, since you had not common intelligence enough to see it for yourself! However, m self-de fence I feel called upon to speak. You thpn that your invited are not aware, men, mat guest made love to Hilda when fir. t h- ST. U «»» he;'ThS the most shameless way, foi— lot that F"Ohh absurd!" cried George, greatly relieved, for he had ap,n-ehcmded some very dreadful revelation. That s just the way of you girls all the If a man is only commonlj cnil to ou, you at once jump to the conclusion that be his 'intentions.' whereas his 'lie" ,re. in put. «»« make himself as agreeable as J.1; " ; and a.s the rules of civilised s ocu J your E.1..I whisked out Of the room, hangup unoffending door behind hei. "Phew!" whistled George, aft ei li is departing sister;but his land face clou ed again in a moment; for he was very fond of Alan Graham, and his friend's sudden and unexpected departure had considerably upset his mind. "And whait of the French girl, I won der?" George Fenton speculated. "Did Alan really pop the question, after all?" His curiosity on this point was de stined to be gratified some hours later, when Mrs Lawless and Emma drove up in their pony trap to the front door. Scarce was the vicar's wife seated in the drawing room, when she began to unburthen herself of her strange tid ings. "I've just been over at the Hall," she said, addressing Ethel and George, for Hilda felt quite unfit to see visitors to day; "and what do you think? But, of course, j'ou know all about it--surely?" she broke off, glancing from brother to sister. "All about what?" Mrs Lawless?" Ethel asked, in undisguised curiosity. "Why, is it possible, mj' dear, you do not know?" And Mrs Lawless expe rienced the full importance being the very first to convey the news. "Why, Miss Garaye— Mademoiselle Garaj'e, I suppose I should saj' — has vanished ! She has actualijr eloped with Mr Alan Graham!" And Mrs Lawless, with her handsome head thrown back, surveyed her lis teners, with a very dramatic pose in deed. "By Jove!" said George. "Do j'ou tell me so? What? Eloped? Do you mean to say, Mrs Lawless, the girl has run away from the Hall?" "What did I tell you. George?" Ethel cried, triumphantly. "I knew she was a very— very undesirable person in deed—and I was right." "But Alan did not think so— evident ly," George retorted. "And it never oc curred to- him, Ethel, to refer to j'ou for advice." "Dear Mrs Lawless, do, please, tell me all about it," Ethel said, completely ig noring her brother's words, and turning to the YMcar's wife, with a sudden access of color in her cheeks. So Mrs Lawless,' nothing loth, launch ed, without further delay, into her story. "When I called at "Verner Hall to- (3-y " she said, "I little expected what I was about to hear! But, inaeea, uic mo ment I saw Alice I knew something or other was wrong. The poor girl looked like a ghost. She must have been great ly attached to Miss Garaye, she seems to take it so badly. "Miss Garaj'e, it appears, left the Hall sometime during jresterday afternoon, ostensibly to take a little walk befoie tea, and never returned! And last night, when Alice and her aunt entered the drawing room after dinner, lo and be hold! there, on the carpet, just inside one of the windows, lay a letter, which, I suppose, Miss Garaye had sent by some messenger or other. The letter was from the runawaj', and was to the effect that she was starting for London imme diately with Mr Alan Graham; and she desired Alice to send on her things . to Paddington." "And did sihe give no excuse, no reason for this extraordinary step?" Ethel ask ed, in amazement. "Well, it appears she hinted at some unlooked-for danger— something of that kind— and Alice tells me that a French man, a former acquaintance of Miss Ga- l-iye's, came to the neighborhood a few days ago, and that Miss Gnraye had a very particular objection to encounter- ing him. This, doubtless, was ine un looked-for danger' which she wished to avoid." . . "Worse and worse!" cried Ethel, with another triumphant glance at George. "Oh, Mrs Lawless, what a c-liameter to have thrust upon us! I wonder at Alice Y'erner, to introduce such a person into our midst. I reallj' do!" "Which makes all the difference in the world," George said. "You could hard ly expect such a girl as Alice Y erner— so gentle and kind-hearted and conside rate to everybodj-— to turn a former ac- auaintance out of the house! Ana, if it comes to that," George added, sturdily, "Mi=s Garaye was a very attractive girl, altogether out of the common. Im sure I only hope sne n maae P""' a good wife. He deserves it, anyhow, for his pluck, poor lad." " And about this Frenchman, Mis Lawless ?" Ethel said, again ignoring her brother's speech. "I wonder who was he? Is he still in the neighborhood, do j-ou think?" "No Ethel. I have ascertained that he went away this very morning. In fact I drove round bj- the village just now' and called at the 'Fox and Hounds' and asked a few questions of Mrs Jones. Just such a person as Alice described did arrive, a couple of days ago. and made some inquiries as to Y erner Hall and its inmates. Mrs Jones said she could hardly understand liim at all ; lie spoke English so badly. . She did not know his name, and this morning he drove awaj' to the station." "So Miss Garaye has given him the slip, I suppose," Ethel said, with com pressed lips. "She is 'a woman with a past' most likely." "I must say I think this is a very un called-for and very unkind way to talk of Alan Graham's intended wife !" George cried, warmly: and Mrs Lawless looked admiringly at him as he spoke. Since the YMcar's wife had abandoned all hope of securing Harold Dering for Emma the idea had begun to dawn upon her that George Fenton would not be, bj' an j' means, an unsuitable husband far her plain-featured daughter. She de termined to work up t'lie matter with out delay, and had already been plan ning sundry little informal afternoons and evenings at the Vicarage, during which George and Emma could be thrown together in a more familiar way I than larger gatherings would permit. The prospect seemed an . encouraging one and Mrs Lawless smiled as it flash- ed upon her again now ; but, alas ! she was unaware of the fact that George Fenton had met Nell Graham, Alan s elder sister, in town during the previous season — that his dreams had ever since been haunted by the fair, sweet face and blue-grey ej'es of the Highland girl, and that he was looking forward eagerly to meeting her again. > "But I wonder your friend. Mr Gra ham, told j-ou nothing of this," Mrs Lawless said, addressing George. "The only thing lie told me was that he was going to ask the girl to be his wife," George answered. "He did not return to the house after leaving licre yesterdaj' afternoon. He sent up a note to the lodge last evening, to the effect that he was going to London by the night train. I went down to the lodge, but he had already gone, and then I went out on the road and stood hesi tating for a considerable time as to whether I should follow him or not. And while I stood there Harold Dering came along, and I told him all about it, and he and I agreed that, as things had come to this pass, it was as good to allow . , . . _ 1 _ rtlll- U-iiVtrilli' intiAV. Aian io see ins iciuvjr ference." "And I think j'ou were perfectly wise there, George, as j'ou alwaj's are, in- I deed," the Y'icar's wife observed. | Mrs Lawless took her leave, by and ! bye, and Ethel went upstairs at once to her sister's room. I She found Hilda seated in an arm- j chair, her slender hands folded listlessly t in her lap, her dark eyes hearing the ; unmistakable traces of recent and bit- ! ter tears. Ethel Fenton was really fond of her sister; but at the sight of Hilda's distress just now a feeling of indignant pride got the better of affection. "Come, come, Hilda," she said, im patiently. "This is utterly ridiculous of j-ou ! Do you know whom j-ou have been shedding tears for, pray? No, j-ou don't; but I will tell you; You have been eat ing your heart out for an utterly un worthy, unscrupulous man. He came here and won j-our affections, and then neglected j-ou and threw you over, and he has now gone off to London with that little foreign adventuress, who, I am perfectly certain, is no better than she should be." Hilda uttered a low crj-, and her clasp- band's fell anart as she stared at her sister, a look of incredulity in her eyes. "Gone with her, Ethel? Then he has carried out " Her voiced failed her, and the words died away with a gasp." "Yes; he has carried out his extremely impertinent announcement of j'esterday afternoon!" Ethel answered, working herself into rage at the sight of Hilda's distress. Mrs Lawless lias just been here and has told us the shameful truth. It appears some Frenchman — a former lover, I daresay, or, perhaps, indeed, the husband of this precious being! — came to ithe village to hunt her up. So there was nothing for it but to betake herself elsewhere with the least possible niui chA lis.fi done BO." UL-ltL.> OHU - - "Oh Ethel!— and dees — does Mr Gra ham know of this?" Hilda gasped, with pale lips. . "About the lover— or whatever he is? Not very likely, I should say!" was Ethel's bitter rejoinder. "Serve him right, though, all the same," she added, relentlessly. "But— but think of the shock to him, if he discovers anything like that!" Hil da said, with a suppressed sob. "Ethel, I am not so unjust— so selfish and ill- natured— as to wish any evil to him, because of-of my own folly. Yes; I see now plainly that Alan was not to blatne. He never intended to deceiv me. He meant onlj to be kind and friendlj- to George's sister— that was all." "Hilda, j-ou don't deserve sympathy!" Ethel cried, more and more indignantly! "I only wish he had dared to pay hil attentions to me! I promise j'ou h« should not' escape quite so easily aa this!" CHAPTER XX.— HAROLD LEAVES THE CHASE. It was a gloomj time at Y'eriior HalV and even Miss Katharine's good spirits began to flag, as the days and weeka went bj-, and there seemed to lie no pros pect that the estrangement between Allca and Harold would be satisfactorily bridg ed over. Alice had given her kind- hearted aunt but an imperfect explana tion of the matter, and Miss Katherlna was forced to suspect that her niece wa keeping back her own chief reasons foi her altered demeanor toward Harold. The invalided Squire at last spoke ol the affair, one October day. to his daugh ter. He was verj- fond of Harold, whoaa grand-uncle had been an old friend ot Sir Verner's. Tin's sudden brcaking-oft of the engagement had been a great shock to the Squire. His thin face anQ hollow eyes seemed to Alice to havl grown more startlinglj- wasted and sun ken during the weeks that lvid elapsed since her final interview with Harold Dering in Mona's Bower. "I wish j-ou would tell me the. fuB truth, my dear," Mr Verner said, earn estly. "Then I could judge whether you were reallj' justified or not, in your — to my mind — very extraorclinarj- course of action as to Harold." But all such entreaties were in vain. To no one living could Alice bring her self to reveal her hitter story. Day aft« day, since her last meeting with Harold, had the conviction strengthened within her that he had deliberately and cruelly deceived her— that he hacl really loved Melaine, and that a feeling of remorse ful compassion— hateful thought'— had j impelled his renewed vows to herself. I Within her own heart, however, she re- ' solved to lock this humiliating secret; ! and licr father's request she. was thua compelled to refuse. "Sometime or other I may tell jou evcrj-thing. papa." she said, with avert ed ej'es. "I know you will not urge ma to do so now — seeing that the subject la so verj- painful to me." "But, my dear, my -deal "—and her father's kind voice quiver- d — "what 1 fear is, that j-ou are allowing some fool ish fancy or other — some pettj- lover'a quarrel — to assume the proportions of aa insurmountable barrier between Haroli and j-ourself. I have known of mort than one foolish girl.Alice.in my own ex perience of the world, who suffered jusl such an absurd misunderstanding as 1 suggest, to ruin her hopes and prospects, and who bitterly regretted iter foolish conduct — when it was too late." For one mbment Alice se-med to hesi tate, and- her lips trembled a little — tliea again the rush of bitter recollection swept over her mind and liean, and he face hardened. "I only wish this were what you call ' a petty lovers' quarrel, papa!" slie an swered, in a very low but steady voice. "How quieklj' — how gladly would I not patch it up again, if such were the case!" The words— so quietly spoken, with such a ring of genuine regret and sad ness, yet firmness, in everj tone — con vinced the Squire that Alice fully be- lieved, at all events, that she had sound reasons for her conduct. He sighed hcavllj', and was silent. "Well, my dear," he said, after a long ' pause, "I shall say no more. Y7ou seem to know best yourself. But if Harold Dering has acted in anj- dishonorable waj-, he must be very unlke mjr old friend Charles Dering— one of the nob lest-hearted men that ever lived." After this unsuccessful interview, the Squire avoided the unpleasant topic whenever Alice was present, and it was only when Miss Katlierine and himself were alone together that he touched on the puzzling matter. "I am quite as much In the dark as you - — ii trinn T/o t-ViAniiia 9Cfilin(l are, jasper, j»m»= "--.v. . — him, over and over again. "I, too, "like j-ourself, have long since given up questioning Alice on the matter." I wonder if you were to see Harold, would he explain how it all came about?" the Squire said, one December afternoon. "Somehow, I shouldn't like to ask Mm —since Alice evidently doesn't wish it," Miss Karherine answered, loyally. "And as Harold never came here since the day Alice refused to see him, I have not had an opportunity of exchanging a word with him on any subject.'' Ftor Harold Dering, alter an ineffec tual attempt to. win Alice round by means of exculpatory letters — which "the girl had not answered— had taken heart of grace, one Ofctober afternoon, and rid den over to the Hall. As he approach ed the House he saw Alice hastily en tering the conservators' "from the terrace; ret, a- minute later, he was informed by the footman that "Miss Verner was not at home." Harold started as though Wilkinson had struck him, and for a moment or two he was unable to speak. "Oh! well, will you kindly tell her, when she returns that— that I called'!" he managed to say at last. Since that afternoon he bad kept away from the Hall; nor did he venture to ad dress any further letters to Alice. Mrs Lawless, you may be sure, was consumed with curiosity to know the t&use; of this estrangement Alice, how ever, so effectually nipped the subject in the hud, when the Vicar's wife started It one day, that that good lady had jMever since been emboldened to repeat her venture. "It Is really too bad!" she said to Em- f n afterwards. "I am so sorry. And It pnuBt be a complete break-off> for I no ticed that she was not wearing her en gagement ring." "What on earth can have happened be- % j.%- . >»> Pmma enaiilofh And she IWeCU LXlUI I — sighed as she spoke. Perhaps, the thought may have occur red to her that had she had the good luck to be engaged to Harold, nothing In this wide world would have caused her to abandon her allegiance. "I really must do what I can to bring things round again between those two joor things," Mrs Lawless said, pre- #ent!y. "I am so fond of them both— md the Chase would be so delightful a place to go to, If dear Alice were there )s mistress. Let me see. This is Mon- iay. I think I'll invite a few people to afternoon tea on Thursday, and include Alice and Mr Dering among ihe party. Then, you see. they must meet in the lame room, at all events, and propin quity is a great factor in such cases— when people are attached to each other, I mean." Mrs Lawless accordingly issued her in vitations on the following day; but, to I ter great disappointment, a note arriv ed from Xliee next morning, to the ef fect that she was not feeling very well, and could not, therefbre, have the plea sure of accepting the kind invitation. ! "She guessed I should have Harold De ling, of course, and she evidently does Hot wish— or, indeed, intend— to meet klm," Mrs Lawless said to Emma. "Well." rve done my part, at all events, and I qannot force them together. The Fen- Ions are coming, however, my dear, and —and I wish you to be— ah— particularly nice with George!" Emma started a little, and a faint co lor stole into her thin, freckled face. "Why so, mother?" she asked, after a pause. "Oh— for reasons, niy dear," was Mrs Lawless' oracular reply. "Come, come, Emma," she added, plucking up her cou rage. "Harold Dering is not the only man in the world. If you were foolish enough to think of him in any particu lar way, it is not yet too late to undo your folly. George Fenton is a very de- oirabie young man, indeed, and I am quite certain he is— so far— heart-whole. I've never seen him pay attention to any girl— never. 1 don't believe he knows, low!" £he should have been present when Se.orge had met Nell Graham, in a cer tain cosy little drawing-room in South Kensington. However, Mrs Lawless knew nothing whatever of this episode, n3 she awaited with some eagerness— Tor it is astonishing how these otherwise vhrevrd and intelligent women can de lude themselves in this particular mat ter— the results of Thursday afternoon at. the Vicarage. Alas! for her hopes. George hardly "lanced at Emma: and when Mrs Law less packed the pair away to the very end of the drawing-room — on the pretext that Emma wanted to show George a vo- Jarne of engravings that happened to be there — the young man suddenly rivetted bis gaze on a Highland landscape, and Immediately thought of Xell, and was thenceforward deaf, blind, and dumb, so far as the red-haired Emma was con cerned. Altogether, the afternoon was a failure, and Mrs Lawless decided not to repeat the attempt, for some time at least. So the winter passed away monoton ously and drearily enough, and early in the New Tear the tidings reached the Hall that Harold Dering had left the Shase. (To be Continued.) 