RAPPINGS ON A FEN FARM. In Tick Fen—so we read in the "Peterborough Advertiser"—a Ramsey magistrate has a farm, at the extremity of which, far away from any other buildings. live a horgekeeper named • Rowtlian, his wife, aand a bed-ridden daughter.^ The cottage is a typical fen shanty of wood and thatch, and adjoining it is a similar tenement, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt ,and his wife. Miss Rowthan, who is eighteen years of age, and has been confined to her bed for nearly twelve months, slept, in a room near the thatch, her bedstead resting against the gable-end of the roof. On Monday week, at midnight, gentle rappings against her bed were heard, and as the walls are wooden the noise was more apparent. • At first the sounds came in sequences of three and four, increasing to six and, seven at a time, and growing louder as they proceeded. Then they ceased for a~ space, and recommenced more vigorously, until they were heard by the nestdoor . neighboi-s—according to .one report, at alarinhousjB^M) jaj|flsi<tf[; it&lie; mother and father,, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed, but for a time did "nothing, thinking 'the 4 -- ihanlfestations would cease: These instead increased until the "ghosts," as if angered at being pooh-poohed, became so noisy, as almost to threaten a. terrific crash. Nothing was to be seen, though it was clear and starlight^ and the disturbances continued to ring odt across the fens. The rappings recurred at intervals until the advent: of d!awn seemed • to drive the malicious ".spirits" before' it. On the following night, though at a different time, a repetition of the phenomena occurred. Meanwhile the inmates, who had suffered the mysterious affair f in silence, had determined upon decisive action. On the third night the father .diking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but the rappings against the gable were renewed more vigorously than ever. Search pal-lies were organised, but every one . remained baffled. The countryside began to talk of the mystery, and watch parties . assembled in the cottages untirmorning. No timid ghost "was this, for the pulsations (continued whilst eyes were fixed on the very spot upon which the invisible blows were given. The landlord's estjate bailiff, together with a companion, took paius to keep vigil in the "haunted house" from midnight till- three. /The noises were l'epeated with the greatest freedom. He drove back to Ramsey at three in the morning, admitting that he -was baffied eyen-in the, clevei'est of Ihe theories he liad in ills own mind i conjured up to account for the mystery. Hundreds of people have visited the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers aud others from the surrounding. - district have Thad^-fetlcal exalniha'tion of the house. > The gill has been removed into the adjoining house, where the rap- pings are -not so audible nor so frequent. 