: ( NOVEL. " i Judicial Error, By Marion Manyille Pope. ; CHAPTER X. — (Continued.) Folks said his deafness was increasing, so that presently he would not be able to hear the bell ; but after a day or so had elapsed it was discovered that he was unusually deaf only upon that subject of the canal gate. The wag of the town, who had fallen into the humorous habit of treating life as a joke at the world's expense, seized one of his ad mirers by the elbow and dragged him to an adjacent dry-goods box. 'Say, Jim, come 'ere. I want to set down somewhere and feel good. I've treed the possum.' 'That's so?' .'You bet. You know John Bross'sboys; well, they'd been fishin', or rattin', or wood- : chuckin', — devillin' some way, no difference ; how, — and they was takin' things in by the i back gate while we was standin' with our 5 months open at the front.' f . So I hear.' " 'Now yon know we was all seein" through our ears that night, and I've just thought : out what it was we seen. ' You don't say ! "What was "'t ?' 'Ghosts !' ' Get out !' ' Fact ; that's all 'twas. You see the doe- ; tor and Caleb was havin' a friendly little : sparrin' match, and Caleb hit him a lick over the eye.' And the wag proceeded to explain ; in what he considered to be a killingly funny | manner the details of this match. But the I joke fell flat. There were two or three ' things in the world that people thought | ought to be sacred- from the jests of a. man ; afflicted with chronic funnies, and the mis- i fortunes of the Manor seemed to be one. ; In the mean while many of these rumors reached the doctor through the confidences : of sick rooms, whither they bad been wafted , upon the wave of general excitement that ; had swept through the place. They wete i naturally annoying, and added to ih'o i anxieties of a man who already felt himself weighed to the earth with care and responsi bility. Among other things, too, be had learned that Mr. Baxter was sick, — had fainted in the new church one morning and fesen confined to his room over since. It was feared he would not be able to take part in the dedicatory services, and the church board had talked of postponing it, but this the minister would not hear to, so prepara tions were going on. Dr. Matheson bad not 3een called to the case, and, meeting the old i lomceopathic physician, who was in attend- ince, be had stopped to inquire for the satient. The old trentlemau's reriort was lot encouraging, and, on the other hand, iot discouraging. His patient seemed to. be offering from great nervousness and prostra- ion, a general collapse and debility, . trobably aue to the hard winter's work and # \ the warm weather coming on so suddenly, v course he had an organic trouble, and ' It had to be humored, but he hoped to ye Mm out in a few days, — not, probably, ., (time to take part in the eervices next nday : that was very doubtful. Dr. :: Atbos-on thanked him civilly and rode on, > pwardiy thinking, with a young allopath's loom, ' I suppose he's trying to pull him oat |n the one hundredth trituration of a drop if some simple.' I But, mindful of what bis friend Bowman iad told him, the doctor was troubled about (He minister's condition. Riding along with fee reins hanging loosely in Ms hands and , bs head bent forward on his breast like a ;i'Ean in deep thought, he suddenly reined fp, dismounted at Ann's little cottage on pe outskirts of the towD, and went in. He vea in the habit of making almost daily calls here upon the Manor business, but it hap - , 'Sued that he had not been there before for vjtvo or three days. 'Ann,' said he, abruptly, 'what does (riaget tell you about che minister's table? ' "About the minister's table, surr?' re setted tLe woman, as one repeats a question a order to gain time to fence over the an- "(sr. The doctor's temper was touchy _ he ..kid, curtly, — Now, none of your shilly- shallying and oundabout answers. I'm in a hurry, and <i.ve no time for evasions. I bear he sets a ery poor table.' A i yes, surr,' answered Ann. reluc- " p-tly, so he do.' I . I happen to know why he thinks he pghfc to, arid as a medical man 1 know he is (j ?a..tnga great mistake.' The doctor took Ui. a roll of bills and extracted one which he Ud upon the table: ' Now, Ann, this is Saturday. I don't know what the man has had I in the way of nourishment this last week, 1 but I want you to see that he has good strengthening food next week, and to morrow, and, for the matter of that, to night. I want you to take this money and go right over to town and buy what you think is necessary,— good beef for tea, and get a chicken and show Bridget how to make him some chicken-broth.' Perceiving that the doctor's object in questioning was purely benevolent, or seem ingly so, Ann's tongue was at once loosened. 'Sure, sorr, Oi'll go wid playzure, an' tbankin' ye intil the barsain. It's a good young man the minister is, an' it's stharvin himsilf he's bin intoirely. Why, iver since Oi've bin doin' a little outside bakin' Oi've sint thim rolls twioe't a wake, but mate we sees little av oursilves, an' thim ladies as is afther Binding' him poi an' cakes, an' sicb loight Bthnff , knows but little how sthayin' a bit of steak wud be instid, as Bridget often says. Sure she's kep 'im in tay this winter out av her own wages : it's a good gurrul Bridget is. Only the day before yisterday she was over, fetchm' this ould suit of the minister' 8 fur Andy. He'd laid it by fur over a year, an' the moths was atin' av it, so be tould Biddy to bring it over fur Andy, — since he was 6ick, that was, whin he bad toime to think about thim things.' For the first time the doctor noticed that Ann bad provided herself with a tin basin and a small sponge, and was about to sit down beside a chair across whose seat was laid a pair of black pantaloons, neatly folded, but showing signs of wear in the stretched and baggy outlines of the knees ana tne sniny condition or tne ciotn. uver the chair-back was hanging a coat of long ministerial cut, also showiug usage, though evidently not recent, for there were creases in the collar and down the length of the garment, that looked as if it had been long hung over a nail and stretched by its un moved weight upon it. The doctor glanced casually at this chair and- its burdens. ' Now leave that cleaning until another time, Ann, and put ou your bonuet. and go right about this business,' said Dr. Matheson 'in that genial coaxing tone he knew so well bow to use when occasion required. _ ' Very good, surr, only Oi've jist put wan tin av biscuit ia the oven, and they must be taken out in fifteen minutes by the clock. It's doubtin 01 am if Oi can be back as soon as that.' ' Ob, never mind the biscuit, Ann, that's a good soul. The minister won't get his chicken-broth before midnight unless it's put on pretty soon.' And then, laughing, as Ann stood, plainly torn by her desire to go and her fear for her tin of biscuits, he added, 'I'll \watch the biscuits. You tell me just the minute by the clock that they are to be taken out, and I'll see to the baking for you. You've no idea what a cook I am.' ' Och, surr, sure Oi wouldn't be bodderin' a foine ginthieman loike yersilf to b6 afther seeing to an ould woman's baking.' But, as her mind was plainly relieved and the doctor insisted, she hurriedly smoothed her hair; took off her apron, put, on an old wrecs of a bonnet, and, giving him minute directions as to the exact minute to remove the tin, and mind and not burn his fingers doing it, she hurried delightedly off, her fat shoulders shaking as she went down the road and thought of the doctor ac his unaccustomed task. Left thus alone, he wandered idly about for a few minutes, took a drink of water, locked speculatively at Andy's flower- beds and wondered what he bad in them, and then, strolling into the house to take another look at the clock and perceiving that he had still eight minutes to wait before removing the tin, drew a chair up near the open doo? and sat down. Everything was very quiet, both within and without. There was a fresh, appetizing smell in the kitchen from Ann's baking, and the floor and table were white as sand from their Saturday's scrub bing. Sitting thus comfortably tilted back in his chair, with one band in his pocket and the other idly flicking the boot which rested over his knee with the lash of his riding- whip, he looked about him with negative curiosity, thinking that clean poverty was not unattractive, and wondering dully if few luxuries and few cares did not constitute txie condition o i gi'tatboii iiajjpiUtos, atlcr £li. The only trouble was, he thought, that people never know when they are happy : they only know when they are miserable. The ticking of the clock sounded home- like in the tidy kitchen, and was the only sound except the flicking of the lash on his dusty boot. Outside, the street was as deserted and still a3 a country road ; through che open door he heard the robins singing with that friendly fearless note that means good will to the world and companionship and mating affairs to each other. The afternoon sun streamed over the floor and the doctor's feet, and illuminated the minister's dingy old coat beyond. It wanted three minutes of the time when Ann had told him to remove the biscuits. Bud suddenly his wandering atten tion was arrested by a spot on che le/t lapel of the coat on the chair— a dull, rusty half of a spliish, abruptly ended, as if the other half had been broken off or intercepted by something else. The sunlight caught at this rusty stain, and held it np, and played about it, and pointed at it with a golden finger. The clock ticked portentously louder nnd louder.-, as it sometimes does in the night when one's nerves are stretched taut at some alarm in the darkness and the listener holds his breath to catch the confirming sound. The idly swaying chair tilted sharply for ward, and the chairrlegs and the whip fell upon the floor together. The doctor rose and stretched his hand out for the coat, hold ing it blindly before him, yet seeing nothing for a moment. He stood swaying giddily like a man in a vertigo, and then, glancing up and perceiving that the three minutes were up, he flung the garment over his arm and opened the oven door. A puff of hot air with a sweet wheaten smell rushed out : he laid hold of the pan with his fingers and pulled it towards him. The cloth which Ann had laid handy for the purpose was for gotten, and, clumsily taking the hot tin by a comer wi h his own coat-tail for a holder, no Dim mo who auu ULuppeu 16 Willi a bang. id eg in half an hour later, just as the sun » s setting, Ann exclaimed, ' Och, it's soggy they'll bo intoirely, fur the docther forgot to turn the tin over an" take thim out.' But her lamentations were speedily forgotten and swallowed up in a discovery. Some one had stolen the coat that the minister had given Andy. CHAPTER XL Three weeks had passed, during which time the pulpit of the new church had been supplied by strangers, owing to the illness of the ((pastor. Whatever might be the Rev. Mr. Baxter's mental state, the rest and nourishment and care he had received had benefited him physically, and he was ex pected to fill his pulpit the following Sunday. During these three weeks an extraordinary change had been noticed in Dr. Matheson. He was light-hearted, even hilarious at timeB. A load seemed to have been removed from his mind, and he was heard humming or whistling as he stood npon the steps of varoius houses, waiting to he admitted in his daily calls upon patients. Every one noticed the change, aud every one rejoiced at it. ' Well,' said the town wag, ' I guess the doctor's got that detective bee out of his bon- not at last, and that's left room for good healthy ideas to buzz round again.' It was therefore only in line this change, and hence not as surprising as it would otherwise have been, for a few of his old friends to receive an invitation, verbally de livered for the most part, to drop in on Tues day evening and witness some scientific ex periments which might be interesting. Among others, Mr. Baxter was invited by a rather formally written note. While not especially interested in science, the minister had long ago discovered, as must every one who strives to please the public, that even the remotost subjects lying ,i.u the line of information do not come amiss, and that, being stored by, all things add to the re sources of the orator, who can never uraw water from an empty well. But late on the afternoon of Tuesday a tremendous storm of wind and rain, broke over the little town. The day had been in-, tensely sultry, and blinding flashes of light- . ning, accompanied by deafening crashes of thunder, torched and trumpeted the storm. It looked for a while as if the doctor's science would have to give place for that evening at least to the crude forces of nature. During this elemental struggle the min ister had sat in his study with his feet under the black roses, looking intently at the face which formed his one work of art. He had taken the picture down from the wall, and sat holding it in one band while he shaded his eyes with the other, sadly wondering what his life would have been if she had lived. It was a sweet face, a good face, and a motherly face, young as it was. The beautiful shoulders wete modestly bare, after the fashion of her day, and there was a faint, shadowy smile about the rather full lips; not so much a smile, perhaps, as the sug gestion of one, or the suggestion, rather, that the beautiful mouth smiled readily and often. She was only a memory to the son held her picture in his thin white hand, — a fair, gracious memory of never- failing love and watchfuluess and tender cradling arms and gentle care, — a sweet memory- of all those things which we sum up in the term mother-love, the t»nderest, truest, faith- fullest, least exacting, and most unselfish love m tne world. I tie Knowledge oi it was more a development thau a 'memory in the heart of the man who looked upon her pictured face, — the negative photography upon the mind of a child who sees and feels as he passes, but does not understaud, developed years afterwards in the mind of the man by the slow, sad chemicals of time, that stain as they touch. Developed by this process, the man knew and understood what the child had failed to know or understand. Loneli ness had taught Mm what that companion ship was and would have meant to him ; indifference had made plain to him what love was ; bitterness and greed and the hard- heartedness of the world had made strong by contrast the tender, unselfish, pitying forbearance of mother love. Absorbed in self pity at the contemplation of this sweet might- have-been, the minister sat on, heedless at the storm outside. After a while Bridget entered, and, raising a window, filled the room, which had been close and warm, with the fresh after- winds, laden with a sweet, earthy odor. She draped the limp cotton curtains, that slunk against the sash into grotesque shapes to get them out of the way of harm and dampness, though to a critical eye this care seemed wasted, for nothing could ever restore the self-respect of the cheap, washed-out fabric. There was only the light pattering of a summer shower outside, brokeu by occasional heavy splashes from oave or hough. Sitting thus, with the wind lightly lifting the thick locks about his temples like the touch of gentle caressing lingers, he bethought him self sudd -M y of the doctor's experiments. It was well in June, and there had been a week of hot weather. As ho rose and went to the window to look out, the cool wind seemed so invigorating and the geutle rainy night so inviting that he decided to go if there wa9 time. He made an excuse to look at the clock in the kitchen by pretending to get a drink of water, and then, knowing that Bridget would oppose his going on' a rainy evening in hi9 present convalescent state, and surround the project with diffi culties, real or imagined, he decided to slip out without telling her anything about it. Man- like, he dreaded the arguments of the opposition, which, while good, would not, he knew, in any way affect his resolution to go. So, surrounding his departure with as much caution and mystery as possible, he slipped off the black roses and donned his shoes, taking care to add rubbers, for he suspected the road to the Manor would be bad enough to make them necessary. Then, taking his hat and umbrella and turning Ms coat collar np about Ms neck, he let Mmself softly out. . The night was very dark, and as he came down the two steps from the dcor to the gravel walk his feet tangled in something across the path and he fell heavily- forward upon his knees. Startled and shaken, he flung out his hands, and, feeling about him in the darkness, discovered that be had tripped and fallen upon a vine. Its big wet blossoms felt pulpy and clammy in the dark, as he knelt upon it for a moment.,- groping about him for his umbrella, which had fallen from his hands. A faint, blue, flickering light, illuminating everything, suddenly confirmed his suspicion that the big moon- flower had been torn and washed from its supporting strings over the door and flung across the path by the storm. His first impulse was to call Bridget and with her aid lift the vine np and replace it, there was something repellent in the thought of the white, sweet-smelling flowers lying bruised aud crumpled and defiled in the dirt. But that, he reflected, would take lime aud daylight, neither of which he had just then, and moreover be likely to bring abouc his ears those kind-hearted protests and laments which he had eo cleverly escaped. So he brushed Ms knes off a3 well as he could in the dark, and, finding that kia handsfelt wet and sticky after thi9 operation, he wiped one off carefully ou his coat and the other on his umbrella, to save his handkerchief, and went his way, arguing down his inclination to lift the vine by telling himself that it could come to no more harm between then and daylight. The storm had receded into the distanoe, sending back muffled detonations as of artillery from a distant battle-ground. Tremulous blue lights wavered over the heavens, where clouds were rapidly dispers ing to make room for the stars. Faint glows flickered over the wet landscape, bringing it into momentary and ghostly prominent; 3. Everything looked pale and unreal in those flashing electric lights which cast no shadows. Overhead one trailing cloud still dipped, but after a little it too passed, aud the stars came, out of the east and sat on high. The minister lowered his umbrella and picked his way along the road, leaping over the shallow waterways that had formed here- and there with flat, Rmooth banks that" crumbled under Ms feet. Both the wind and the rain had been heavier than he had realised at the time, for little twigs aud young boughs had been torn from the trees and flung hither and thither. The descending torrent had pounded the road flat with its multi tudinous hands, and washed away every, trace left by travellers upon it. As he went along, thinking of Ms mother and Ms cMldhood, and still troubled by memories of the pros trate moonflo ,ver, he thought that this blank road was like the road cf life along- which we must .-11 travel, leaving only our own foot prints behind. Lighted only by tradition, the roads travelled by humanity led on, whither? He would introduce that idea into his next sermon ; for he had found that the realities of life, touched by a little fancy, the telling of what be knew, never failed to he plain to his hearers. And the moonflo we r —its fall from its high estate, its bruised and soiled white blossoms, would illustrate the fall of a soul, the smirching of a reputation. He would use it. Pondering thus, he approached the Manor, wondering idly if any one else was invited or was going, and why he had not heard the bell if any guest bad preceded Mm. Should he see Dorothy ? His heart rose and sank at the thought. Picking his way close to the wall to avoid the gutter, which the storm had increased to a ditch, he stopped for a moment, laid his head against the cold stones outside the spot where the rain-washed grave lay in the darkness, and cried, in a low voice, ' Caleb, Caleb, forgive me.' (To bb Continued.) 