THE CHRISTMAS PARTY AT THE SQUIRE’S. By G. M. BENN , M.A. Constance Allison was one of the sweetest girls who ever lived. I thought [?] 20 years ago, and I think so now. I who was at that time only a poor tutor, with my £2OO a year in a gentleman’s family, had been introduced to Mißs Allison at a friend’s garden-party, and immediately fell in love with her. But I could uot expect her to love me in return— she, who was constantly meeting men of the highest rank and wealth in the various society circles in which she moved. So I could only nurse my love in silence, and wait developments which seemed none too likely to come. To my inteose astonishment and pleasure, I, as well as my somewhat younger pupil, the Hon. Robert Blackstone, received an in vitation to spend Christmas at Arlton Hall. Of course it was simply complimentary to me, as being the Hon. Robert’s tutor; never theless, there it was, and on his advice I wrote, quietly accepting the invitation. We arrived the day before Christmas Eve. Arlton Hall was a lovely place, the typical home of an old English county family, and Mr George Theodore Allison, now some 50 years old, was a typical old English gentle man, who greeted us with a thorough York shire greeting, and trusted we should enjoy our Christmas visit very much. Constance herself shook hands with much heartiness, though I fancied that she seemed more pleased at seeing ms than some others of the house party. But probably that was my oonceit, and I steadily resolved not to let my love get the better of me. How could I dare —I, with £2OO a year I—to expect Constance Allison, the heiress of one of the oldest English county families, and of £15,000 a year, to listen to any suit of mine? I thought Misß Allison, too, was not look ing so well as she had previously done when I had seen her. She Beamed somewhat care worn and worried. Probably this was the effects of the past autumn visiting Beason. We eat round the &re; on Christmas Eve.- The Squire had just told, with great gusto, a ghost-story of hie younger days, at which we all laughed, though we certainly felt a little 'creepy.’ But Constance’s launh was only a smile, as the Irishman said. ‘ However,’said Mr Allison, in conclusion, ‘you have all got past these things nowa days. Ghosts did very well for us—no re spectable oountry house was ever without one; but you young folks have knocked them all on the head in these days.’ * You forget, father, that I saw one hers,’ said his daughter, wilh a poor attempt at a smile. ‘ Oh, my darling, I remember you said so once or twice this week; but you must have been mistaken, you know. There are no real ghosts nowadays, ure there, Fleming?’ Thie enquiry waß addressed to me, as being a Bachelor of Science, I suppose; and In itioed Miss Allison's eager look at me. ‘ Well, no; I should say not. Yet, if Miss Allison says she saw one, I might be sceptical. I did not know you hid a family ghost at Arlton,’ I said, half jokingly. ‘ It’s not a family ghoet,’ replied Con seance. ‘lt's one I’ve eeen in the grounds of the Abbey from my own window ooce or twice daring the past fortnight.’ * Are you sure it is not someone playiag a trick?’ enquired I. ’Waggish people do very Billy thioge at timeß.’ ‘ Well, Tomkins the gardener and Gibson the coaohmnn Bay they have eeen it, ton, and they went after it the other night; bnt both aver that it totally disappeared at the en trance to the rains, and they swear that nobody passed them, whilst they songht eagerly round the one chamber that is left for any traces of it.’ ‘ The fact of the matter is,’ put in the Squire, ’ Coony makes far too much of this silly ghost affiir, and le-‘s it worry her. She’s getting quite nervous.’ ‘ Well, the affair should certainly bB looked into,’ I replied. ‘Though if Tom kins and Gibson, who I knew are men of no little nerve, confess themßelves puzzled,;and aver they aleo have eeen a spirit, I scarcely know what to say. But I wouldn’t get ner vous and anxious, Miss Constance, were I you, if I could possibly help it.’ She thanked me, aud said she would try not to. I think my advice comforted her, for she seemed more nt ease than before. And when, after a very pleasant evening, which will live in my memory for many years, we all bade each other good-night shortly after 12—at the same time wishing all a very merry Christmas—my heart felt lighter than it had done for a long time. Why ? Because I had fauoied I caught a special look of love in those brown eyeß of pretty Coustauce Allison as she ebook hands with me. 1 went to my bedroom, but I could not sleep. This ghost-story had thoroughly upset me; probably because it had upset Constance. Of course I did not believe there was in reality a ghoet, but it was difficult to suppose that a clear-headed girl like my hostess could have been deceived, to eny nothing of the other two who had seen it. And then it was inexplicable that Tomkins and Gibson sbould not have found tho ’joker* —if ‘joker’ it was—on following as far aB the ruins in question. I got into bed, still trying to work out this problem, but in vain. So restless did I become, that about half past one I got up, and, for want pf something better to do, drew aside the blind and looked out. My window waß right faoing the Abbey. All waß peaceful aud atill iu the moonlight. The sound of the waits some distance off foil on my ear. Suddenly I started baok in amazement. For there, in full view, pacing slowly across the deserted grounds of tho ruin, was the ghoet. Yes, there was no mistake about its being there. I watched it until it vanished around the corner of the ruins, and then threw round me my dressing-gown and eat down to think. The next morning at breakfast, which was a very free-and-easy menl, tbore were natu rally thß usual Christmas congratulations and good wishes to be exchanged. There was an immense parcel from the post-office of cardß and letters for various members of the party, I am bound to add that, owing to my very limited circle of acquaintance, my packet of Christmas greetioga waa much Ibbs than some otherß that were there. . But this was more th»n compensated for by the very pleasant ‘A Merry Christmas to you, Mr Fleming,' from Miss Allison, ns she took her seat next to me at the breakfast tab)-*. The conversation gradually turned on the ghost topic, and some of the company, an hearing of my adventure, signified their in tention of keeping a sharp look-out for the spirit oo this Christmas night. They did so, but they looked in vain. We arranged that, after keeping watoh from the Hall on the coming night out of my own room, if the ghost should appear as usual, we would take steps to watch nearer the Abbey on the following night, and some way or other to intercept the apparition. Accordingly my room was fairly busy that night about 12 o’olook wilh Miss Allison, the Hon. Robert Blackstone, and myself, as well aB the Squire—all on tho look-out for tho ghostly visitant. And tve saw it! Yes, just as before, about 1-o’clock it appeared. The same style of walk, the same path, the same method as previously. ‘Now Blackstone,' said I, ‘you cau be ready to morrow night.’ I thought it just ns well to make another reconnoitre in the Abbey grounds on the fol lowing day, with a view of di-onvering which was the best method of keeping our watch ou that night, and which was the beat place to post oureelvea at. The Hon. Robert, who was now almost as keen on the adventare as I myeelf was, ac companied me. ' There was one thing I noticed on this oloee survey which struck me as curious. _ Pro bably but for my being a Bachelor of Science, and a good geologist, I should not havo ob served it, since it would not have struck one man iu a hundred at all. On going outside the dilapidated walls, and looking around on the fields which en oompassed the Abbey, I noticed that about 30 yards or so from the wall on the north side tho ground became much depressed, forming quite a small hollow about three or four yards in width, and probably the same in length. v „• . I noticed also, with more interest, ae 1 viewed it closer, that a very slight deprea sion ran, from this larger square depression, in the shapo of a long, narrow one, towards the Abbey wall. On seeing thin, I felt Bare that there most have been Borne digging at Borne time under these various depressions, and I called the attention of my friend and pupil to the fact of these hollows and tbeir meaning. 'Of course,’ said he, 'it’s hollow, my dear Fleming; who said it wasn’t? It's probably Borne old pit-workinga; or,' added he, with an afterthought, 'it may be the old burial place of the Abbey monks.’ I examined this laßt depression all the way to the wall, and then suddenly remembered something—something of extreme impor tance. ‘ Ah, don’t yon see,’ said I; ‘ this hollow goee up to thiß wall, exsotly to where there is that big hole we saw inside the ohamber, near the floor. In fact, I’ll lay a wager that hole is on the opposite side of this wall, opposite to where I now stand. Will you go and see ? Listen to my prodding the wall with my stick.’ He did so, aud in about two minutes re turned. ' By Jove, Fleming,’ said he in excitement; ‘you’re right there. Now what do you pro pose to do ?' We returned to the hole. The stone which blocked it up inside did not give way at all to his pushes and kinks, and I was about to give up the thing in despair, when, quite aooidentally, my fingers, feeling over its sur face, felt a raised knob. I pressed the. knob, and very soon the stone began to move. I borrowed the Hon. Robert’s matchbox, and, striking a light, saw that behind the stone, now quite on one side, was a steep flight of five or six Bteps. It was pitch dark, exospt for the faint glimmer of the light from the match I held. There was unt ronm to walk npright along the passage—for such it was—and we had to almost crawl, in some places, nn our knees. Happily it soon began to widen ont, and after some 30 yards we came directly into— what? I was perfectly etupefied. So was my companion. Not, as we expected, into some old, disused digging of the miners, long ago forsaken, but into a kind of room, roughly fitted up with one or two old ohairß, and with several machines and instruments lying about, some of which wero quite new to me and my friend. Luckily, also, there were two or three spirit-lamps. We lit one of them. ‘By Jove, Blackstone,’ I exclaimed, hold ing up one or two things I had just found, ‘ these explain all. Ha, ha 1 So that’s the game, is it :It strikes me, my boy, there's a job here for the police.' ‘ What is it?’ asked he. ‘ What is it Why, my boy, it’s counter feit coiners. That’s what it is? Well, thiß is ago Whoever would have thought of coiners making a place here?' ‘ Ah ’ said the Hou. Robert as a brilliant idea came into his aristocratic head, ‘ I see your point, Fleming. I see. I Bee.’ And he jumped about excitedly. ‘The “ghost” was a sentinel nn the watch against intruding and nndesired visitors, eh?' 'Of course,' Baid I. Now who can the ooiners have been, eh ?' ‘lt must be somebody who knows the place thoroughly,’ said my pupil. ‘ ‘Exactly. Well, as there’s no trace here of their personality, we can go aud report what we have found bo far, and leave that to a little later. But, at- all events, there’ll be no need to watch for that Christmas ghost to-night, Bob.’ Miss Allison, the Squire, and the whole party were astonished and deeply interested when they heard our account. The young lady expressed personally to me her great appreciation of my efforts to relievo her fears and anxieties, in a way which made me most happy. It was indeed a charming Christmas time for me—nay, for us. Both myself and the Hon. Robert posed as heroes oo a small sca'e amongst all our acquaintances. Bat on enquiring, no trace could be found of Tomkins the gardener, nor of Gibson the coachman, when, later in the day, they were wanted. Hence I think we may concloda that they, at any rate, knew something about the matter. Anyway. the game was np, and the ‘ ghost ’ was Beenfno more. Constance and myself were soon engaged, and were married on the follorsing Christmas Day—just a year after my faranus discovery. As I said at the beginning of my story, she was one of the sweetest girls 'who over lived. I thought so 20 years ago—when this hap pened—and I think so now. And Constance, my wife, looking over my Bhoulder jnst bb I write thiß last piece, sayß: ‘ Don’t be foolish, you dear old fellow.’ Tet she bends and kissea my forehead, all the same. 