SYDNEY REJOICING. GENIAL AND JOVIAL SEASON, Jty I HON. 1 _gl ppringUme New South Wales was we brown, parched earth, on which frame work entile sniffed tbe dusty soil for the jl0Et of a blade of grass. This yenr^the brieht nidc of the shield. Is shown." llich crass everywhere, firil crecka, banker rirers, and stock as fat as Mr. Mantilini'« dowa gers who, it may be remembered, vese so veil'conditioned us to hare "no "dem'd out line nt all." The city is as full of visitors, (row North chiefly, Victoria not vending her fair proportion .this year, as it cuh reasonably liold. The list of festivities is about double what it generally is on ac count of the additional entertainments given for the Convention members. Sir (.cargo Turner says it is quite as bad as t)io <) ubilee business in London, with the exception of the caretakers in the gorgeous uniforms of Her Majesty. jjy the way. Sir George and Mr: Peacock arc staying at Petty*® Hotel, and the Chief Secretary's laugh is' much appreciated and enjoyed by those in the house, whs .ask their friends to dinner in -order-to bear it. The consequence ts a crowded room and good business for the hotel. it was in tended that all the Convention members should go to church in a body on Sunday, but the thoughts of Air. Peacock's recent performances prevented it being carried out. In a chat with Sir George, he tells me that insomnia is just now his greatest trouble. 11c goes to bed about 1 iu the morning, sleeps tor an hour, wakes, and commences to think. Of course, he can sleep no more, and has to walk about or read for the rest of the night. He looks much pulled down, thoroughly played out, and little wonder, for alter attending tbe Convention meet ings he works (allowing himself half an hour for dinner) until 12 every night. One evening Mr. Pcacock, by dint of divers threats and persuasion, got him to tbe theatre, and he had a fair night's rest after wards There is no doubt the Jubilee festivities worried him terribly, and he has ofe.cn hideous nightmares of going through them all again. Coming out from home Lady Turner made up her mind that "some body" was going to die on board the ship, and *he told Sic. tJcftrge this many times. At last the chief etc ward died, and was buried at sea, and, wyB Sir Geotpe, "one weight, at least,-was off my mind." Tbe .Sydney people confss^great disappointment with our Premier^. They expected to see a big bouncing red-faced roaring lion,: arid the small, pleasant, genial, unassuming real Sir George took them quite by sur prise. The chief attraction in the week's amuse ments is the very French maid at Her Ma jesty's. The plot is entirely original, and has never been done before, briefly, it is this:-Husband.-"Hushl. I am going to the bal masque with Suzette. My wife mustn't know." Wife.-'"S s h? I am going to the bal xnafque with an old ad mirer. My husband mustn't find it out." That is alL But to make the complication quite clear and cany it through a coup!? of acts two hours of singing and dancing .ire necessary. Miss Ada Willoughby, who plays Suzette, the "French Maid," with broken 1 English, is a tiny edition of Grace Paloitn. In black, with white apron, cap, «nd lots of filmy black petticoats, she quite captivates the eye. In addition to her good looks, she dances as lightly as a gossamer, and little wonder, for she weighs but IdOIb. all told. "Scarecrow" Coleman cnacts ti musty, solemn British waiter, with one very funny Rong, sung in his best undertaker's .stylo, "I happened to be them" He is the man who bus I he bad luck to be just where he j shouldn't at a critical time. For instance,! when the lady looks under the bed for bur- { glars, he happened to' be there; when the fcpoi tsman iires at what.be Xhiuks is-gaiiic, j he happened to be there; and when the hus-' Iwnd unexj»eetedly returns to his suburban! villa, he happened to be there, just having! called to take a cup of tea. Perhaps one; verse may interest. and "whet tbe appetite ? of Melbourne playgoers:- J " TV other night. iu> ancicat maid, who Jived at] Kew, Kcw, £ew, j On Rding to reel iu tlie usual way untied her] shoe, shoe, bUoc; j She looked beneath her tingle l>ed, as ladies do, j do, do; j .And culled out .'murder," "thieves," and "fire," 1 and "hnrglars" too, too, too: j I Impjpened to be there. j I happened to tie (here. j And someone opennd the window uidc aud slung 1 we through tbe air; j Just Becoa, Beooc, Beoos, Beoos, I I liippeiwd to be there. j When the Princess's Theatre will see the I fascinating and scrumptious Ada it iB hard j to say, for she has secured the Sydueypeople ] by the golden fleece, and the theatre is; packed nightly. There is a good deal of "Pinafore" in the "French Maid," lot* of sailors find aUntiRh admiral, but there an! BO many plums that make it lar and away j the best thing of its kind since "The Gaiety Giri." ] Tlie Governor gave a theatre party to Bee this Jivdy little woman, asking 100. It in- j eluded the Convention delegates and their | wives. Mr. Peacock was in great form, and' broke his record. After the theatre His Ercdlency took tfiem all'to supper, and it! was very late before tlie. minority, "a little! "totly of the must/' reached.their own or; some "other hotcL : A novel Sydney industry-at least to Vic-j torians-is1 that of perambulating trades-] nieii,. who cany tlieir business iu their < hands, HO to sjieak. The time selected- by] them to introduce their wares is in the even-j ing after dinner, when hotel verandahs arc crowded. A well-nourished, gentlemanly- j looking man, in a tall hat and frock-coat,: was pushing a corn solvent. Dropping' quietly into a chair by the side of an uusus-' pecting visitor, he npens out on the weather, following his casual remarks up with "I am sure you wiU pardon me, but do you suffer froin cornB?" As every man does suffer frith corns, the answer is, of course, "Yes/' Instantly lie gets in his fine work. The little bottle of solvent is produced, and for eighteenpence you get something guaranteed j to take the corns off a wart hog before he j (the said wart hog) has time to say "Jack Robinson." Of course, the stuff is worth-j less, and costs no more thau the price of; bottle and cork. Other itinerant merchants' vend sheet music, mosquito exterminator,1 eiuematographeof Fitzsimmons and Corbett prize fight, shirt-sleeve clips, fountain pens, combined card-cases and match-box, paper serviettes, cigarette- holders, &c.; The Art Society of New South Wales, run by Mr. Daplyn, formerly of Victoria, opened its show during the week. There is nothing of great merit in it, the best pic tures coming from Melbourne, such as Mr. M'Cubbin's "Oh the Wallaby Track" and Mr. Walter Withers's "The Storm," both purchased by the trustees of the National Art Gallery. Mr. Gordon Coutts sends in many works, his best, and the best in the exhibition, being "Sunshine and Shade," an excellent composition, showing a cot- tage interior, with light falling on a blind woman and her child. Want of subject or brains to think out a subject seems to be one of the chief defects of Australian artists. The repetition of such titles as "Pets,'' '"Moonlight," "Sunshine after Rain," "Springtime," "A Lagoon," "In Sydney Harbour," &c.;, all treated conven tionally, becomes as monotonous as the overland train journey. No one. even at tempts to touch the rich, varied, and-clear cut characteristic scenes of Australian life. In a groove, the painters seem quite con tent to follow each other, and, what is still worse, use the same scheme of colour. How ever, the pictures sell, and that, no doubt, is the test of merit. One thing is certain, Sydney people buy local works, and pay a fair price for them, and that is something. The trustees of the Art Gallery continue to add to tlieir collection at every opportunity. Two fine works arrived by the Oroya, "Re quicscat," an oil colour by Briton Riviere, R;.A., and "Leopards," a pastel, by J. M. Swan, A.R.A. "Requiescat'' depicts a knight in full armour lying on a cleverly draped bier. The visor is up, and on bis breast lie the sword and bays of the dead warrior. A faithful hound mourns by his side, aud the living animal is in marked con trast to the cold clay of his master. It's a gloomy work enough, undoubtedly clever, but it gives one the cold shiver. It requires several evenings of the ''French Maid" to clear away the depressing effect. Mr. Swan's pastel portrays two magnificently coloured leopards resting in their native wilds. Derby Day started the real Sydney sum mer, piping hot and a trifle dusty. The grand-stand was full of white dresses, and the men wore straw hats and cumrner- bunds. The attendance was a record one, upwards of 15,000 being presents. Colonel Campbell won his first race with Zitella, and-it was remarkably popular.. The colonel's colours arc crimson and white hoops, crimson cap. As be is now on bis road out, he will not hear of the success of his filly till he reaches Abany. The Derby was, as anticipated, just a one-horse race, Aniberite waiting on Clarion till the turn for home, and then winning easily. The Victorian horse Patriot was so far in the rear that it was generally supposed be did not "happen to be there" at all. The Hon. Dorothy Brand tried to put the blue ribbon on Amberite's neck, but each time she approached him he did the "Washing ton Post." After ten minutes' chairing, sbe at last got one end round his neck, but the horse was iu such a lather by this time that the ribbon was speedily turned from Cam bridge to Oxford blue. After another effort she succeeded fa making the knot, whereat i S^i^iTr wllicb tlle Berby j winnei do die Vsnsuiaglon Post backwards ! ? some more. Raudwiek is the fielders' 1 8r?Ujld' and on Saturday kat! I h * ,a tUan usual, j ^ld ??d ^ being ,m3 |»ot even wntten by the major/* of ? the' ' frr ?16 asual man wiLl11316 dream turned up, feut as he only won £33 nobody i *?»Tuch hJuri;- Mr.' C. M. Lloyd had I ! who]?, r><>««d on Zitella just for "atfld Jang : S°ih ^ °",v *2 had ib collect after the Trial Stakes. \Ve often growl at the number of events crowded into the spring meeting week of ; e V ,ctona Kacing Club. But our social | treadmill is child's play in comparison to | the byd*ey one. A fried of mine, who goes pretty nearly everywhere, has compiled j following list for Ion days, which, he ; says, is yet far from complete:-8 banquets, , 31 dinners, 1 military tattoo, 21 lunches, 6 tennis parties, 1 gymkhana, 25 theatre parties, 4 race days, IS garden parties, 3 wild-flower shows, 18 halls, H picnics, 4 charity carairafe, 4 concerts, 8 bazaars, 4 £»Lk8, 45 water excursions, 3 smoke-nights, and 2 art functions, and at least a couple of dozen informal things. On asking the man of many, engagements if be went to them all-"No/;' lie .said, "if you ask me. the height of Social happiness is being asked everywhere and going nowhere." But that is not the case with the majority, for not only do they unfailingly turn up, but tliey think nothing of bringing all their unbidden relations and friends. The feverish desire for enjoyment resulted in a pretty fiasco to the Hawkes bury -water excursion on Saturday, given by the Government to the delegates. Four hundred were invited, hut eight hundred got on board the steamer. So packed was the vessel that it took a quarter of an hour hard elbowing to walk from stem to stern. Arrangement^-ha^ been uiade to give some light refre^^£j»£s as soon as the vessel cast off, Andiunuli at half-past I. But the unbidden Crtwd,' jlia^tly i hey "set foot on board, Hushed the' table#., yid pl^-jsd such good kniveaandjorks lhat in a, very little while the whole qf the yiajida >nd wine were "wolfed." The Premiers of the colonies had to go unprovided forf and hundreds went without anything to eat, the ladies faring very IwuHy. However, there was plenty of music and splendid scenery. Those who went empty away arrived in Sydney with appetites worth all the inconvenience and privation paid for them. This fashion of people going where they are not asked has come from England. The big crushes are responsible for it, hosts and hostesses not .knowing a third of their guests by sight. Of course, it can very easily be checked by collecting cards of invitation ail the doors. At a race luneii given by a lad for the Prince of Wales, H.lt.U. ".spotted" a well-known man about town. "Was that person invited to meet 11:0';" he asked of his1 hostess. "Certainly not," slie replied. "I don't even know who he is." The intruder was bundled out by footmen. An example like that is not to he tle.sp/.-jixl iji an over free country. i Wild flowers this spring are in the , greatest abundance ever known, and four shows were held during the week. Sunday was an exceptionally line summer's day, and tens of thousands flocked to the sea side and when out picnicking into the coun try, returning in the evening with enor mous quantities of flowers, the blood-red of ! the. waratah blossom anil brilliant yellow I of the buttercup being conspicuous. The J omnibuses coining through the eit.v with the returning excursionists nceiucd ablaze with colour, as each passenger bore an armful of Howers. The scent was overpowering, boronia perfume predominating. The florists' shops are a sight with their won derful masses of roses, carnations, daffo dils, and .ti»iis of creeper, bearing lovely irregular blossoms like sphislies of blood, festooned all about the windows. Fruit and regetables"are wonderfully plentiful and good in quality, loads of plum toma toes (from Queensland), tine loquats, oranges, citrons, Cape gooseberries, straw berries, passion fruit, pears, sugar bananas being in the market. .Asparagus is scarce and weedy. New South Wales is sending laige <}(inut«tic8 «T green peas to Victoria, and the 'Icabbage garden" is supplying New South Wales with onions. Throilgh similarity of names a pretty little comedy took place, one day during race week. Mr. Dakin, the V.B.C. liandicapper, is believed to be Mr. Deakin. the politician, and as he is staying at Petty'*? Hotel, with the Victorian delegates, the mixture is very strong. The liandicapper wag resting, just before dinner, -when a waiter announced a lady to see him. Mr. Dakin found an utter stranger, middle-aged, and not ill-favoured, -who met him with outstretched hands and the sweetest of smiles. "I am so very, very glad to have had the opportunity of med* ing yon," she gushed; "I have read your delightful speeches with no much pleasure and " "Madam/' replied the modest handtcapper, "there mast be some mistalce, I never made a speech hi my life, and never want to." T^took fully ten minutes to convince his visitor that Ire was not "Mr. Dcakin, and even' then she went away bat half beliei*ijig. The handicaprper is more detennliied than'leVer never to filter politics and never to make a speech. The weather fired up on Moud&y; and Tuesday, the glass indicating 80 in the; shade, with the usual muggy heat. Early crops of mosquitoes were about their busi ness, .and the surfimer blowfly -ii» swaians danced fandangos on the window glass, and made circuits round the bedroom ceilings at night. The ring of ice was heard in the frequent tumbler, and lightest of clothes were the only wear. The picnic season set in earlier than usual, and every vmorning boat loads left Circular Quay, between S and 9.30. How so many thousands can make holidays on week days is a puzzler, but they do, and are all well dressed, well fed, and aB jolly as sand boys, in spite of. the heat. To a Mel bourne visitor the bustle and business along the wharves is astounding, and a cine ma tographe reproduction would be useful to exhibit in Melbourne. The wool is coming down, fast and long lines of wool - laden teams, drawn by four and sis horses, are passing along York-street, from Darling Harbour to Circular Quay, day and night. Money is plentiful, and during all the years I have been visiting Sydney I never saw it brisker. The betting shops, which were com pletely suppressed a little while ago, are again in full swing and going grcst guns. You can bet on all races, and double-event lists are posted showing what horses have been taken together. All sorts and condi tions of people visit these shops, from the errand boy, with his shilling, to the swell, with his sovereign, antl this kind of wager ing has injured the bookmakers' business seriously, for, with the exception of the two big handicaps, they say they hardly did anything, and many of the Melbourne men on many races never wrote a line. The majority of them say it will not pay them to visit Sydney ony more. If this terrible resolve is carried out it will be a severe blow to sport. A sign of the times and a significant warning to the unbidden guests. For the I first time in the history of the colony at j Government house ball, on Tuesday aight, j guests had to pt-oduee their tickets at the i doors, consequently very many went -empty airay. ! 