MOREE. I*»OM OUa COB RESPONDENT.) i iS * c* m1 . e ra08t succe8sful Mission ever held at St. Mary's vras thftt entrusted to the K Father O'Brien (Redemptorist), whose persuasive and elocutionary powers are so well known to the (Jathouc world that little need be said regarding, him. He intended only to conduct a fortnight's1 Mission in Moree, but interest became so intense; towards the expiration of that time that Father' O'Brien graciously consented to remain another week in the community. The last week was eon fined almost exclusively to the work of pointing out how those who had made a successful Mission could so persevere as in the end to attain the object for which they were created, namely, to secure Heaven. The raissioner quoted extensively from Holy Writ in support of his every argument and solicitation, and amongst the many things made clear were the fact that the majority of the human race would be lost and only few would be saved. His remarks anent the torments of the damned were the subject of much comment, amongst not only Catholics, but Protestants as well. In fact, so horrible did they seem that press'criticism was indulged in respecting them, with the result, of course, that greater interest in the Mission was manifested, and at its conclusion the congre gation was a record our. I wrmld Wro tn quote two observations made by the missioner. The one is—' That we have it on the authority of the Holy Ghost that broad is the way and wide the gate that leads to destruction, and many there are that go in thereat.' The other, a context to the foregoing is— 'Narrow is the path and straitened the way that leads to Heaven, and few there are that find it.' These make it obvious to all that Father O'Brien did a good service \xp making known the fact that in order to gave, their souls people should even crucify their ilesh. Regarding. Heaven, he quoted St. Paul, who wrote anent the* subject : 'Eye hath not seen, ear hath not heard ;; nor has it ever entered into the mind of man what'. uoa nas prepared tor those who love Him.' The' missioner made some apposite remarks as to the1 greatness of the hereafter for those who secure the; Knrgdom, and he left his congregations well en lightened as to how they could acquire life everlast ing. In each of his discourses, proof positive of: deep research and careful study, were demon strated; and little or no opening was left i'or the' most _ incredulous to doubt his teaching. Father O Brien, great and gifted though he is, has lately been handicapped, considerably by a severe cold. Fifteen years' continuous missionary work, together with an attack of influenza, followed by several relapses, has bereft him of much of his old- time energy. Yet, even now, he stands out as a reasoner and elocutionist of rare ability, and one destined tO' fulfil an important and useful mission while he ives. After closing his good work here the learned priest proceeded to Boggabilla, where he: administered to the spiritual wants of the faithful.. He will return this week to Moree, and will pro bably take some part in the ecclesiastical work of the parish during his short stay. Bishop _ 1'orreggiani is expected to pay a visit to the district shortly, and a large number of youngr people are preparing for Confirmation. 