LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. (From Onr Own Correspondent). 1 LONDON, April 30. Of coarse, everybody is talking about the war in the East, which was entered into byjmhappy Greece with a gaite de eoeur strangely reminiscent of the. enthusiasm ofthebrave French nation in 1870, when the cry was a Berlin , The cables will have duly informed the readers of the MINEK of how the legions of the Saltan have swept away the armies of the Hellenes, and converted the vain attempt of the illdisciplined but courageus. Greeks to invade Tnrkey into an ignominious retreat. This was long ago regarded by wellinformed people as certain to happen, and it is to be hoped that long before this ietter seacbe3 Coolgardie that the Great Powers will intervene and stop the unequal contest.. The balk of public opinion in these islands blames Greece for her Quixotic effort to fight the Turkish Empire. Availing myself recently <»f the facilities afforded, I took a pleasant trip to that great military •centre of England— the Training School of the British Army—Aldershot. Jt was, indeed, a li r cral education towituess the training of our friend, Thomas Atkins. I had an opportunity also of seeing the Royal Irish Eifl.es prior to the departure | of -that distinguished regimeiit for Hiatal, and a smarter or more serviceable "body of infantry it has never been my, lot to see. I think it may safely be said that no more popular campaign, from a soldiers point of view, eould bs undertaken by tbii country than onelj against the Boers, except, indeed, it was a war with Germany. South Africa has this special claim on Tommy Atkins that it was in that country Majuba Hill; occurred, and the . British soldiers positively yearn to wipe out that defeat, The Aldershot regiments won'd supplythe first army corps lor active service, and I just mention, as a matter 'of common gossip obtaining in the camp at the time of my visit, that it is generally believed that a force of from 40,000 to 60,000 men will be dispatched to the Transvaal las soon as - the Jubilee celebrations are over. Indeed, the names of tHe commanding officers are qoOted, as, for instance,* Sir Rcdvers Buller would command the expedition. Divisions might be-nnder the Command of Major- Generals Lord Methuen and Sir William Butler, Major-General Luck. commanding the cavalry and Majgr-General Alleyne the artillery. With enr fleet at Delagoa Bay and the British army reinforced by loyal colonists Oom Paul and his merry doppers would have a nice picnic on hand. Let us hope that wiser counsels will prevail with Mr Kruger and that extreme measures will not be resorted to. • The Hew South Wales Mounted Bifles continue to receive a deal of interested attention. The officers have been elected honorary members of the several service clubs and the rank and file have been the recipients of a lot of genuine hpspitality from the British l troops with whom our men are quartered. It is amusing to witness the progress through the streets of the Australian soldiers, who l all over the place by crowds of people- full of good-natoxed c "" osl^ to see the vuhta*™ Their fine soldierly bearing and picturesque^ness of attire JKi the S ^ S ! ^ I from onr Britisher Mends. I myself was speaking to an old Anglo-Indian campaigner whpn a squad of Walers " went by.- My companion was enthusiastic in his praise of the men, a ad hoped that if a tussleashbuld take place in South Africa that the Mother Country would have the assistance of ' splendid troopers like these gallant boy B in brown. \- -I notice that several letters have f m j appeared in the London papers Australians protesting against action of the Imperial Government in sending experts to South America to purchase horses- there for the British Army, and our compatriots very naturally ask why it is that these animals could • not , be obtained ^ from our A country, and that is a question a good many people would lie to see satisfactorily answered. Surely the governments of some of the Eastern colonies will not lose sight of the matter, for in this line alone there is a big market, and those interested^ should bestir themselveB, and lose .no time over it either. A very welcome addition was made the Westralian colony here by the arrival on Sunday last, 25th inst., of Ttfr Zebina Lane, who left the Arcadia It BriidTsTTnd " came overland per train The many friends of the genial Zeb" w e r e pl&sed; to see him look so well and apparently quite recovered from bis recent indisposition. MrsU Sne will be here on May 1, as she preferred to travel round per steamer j San undergo the fatigue of the over -land train journey. Mr Lane ac5orded a representative of the "British Australasian" the pleasure of an interview, wTiich ^appears in this week's issue of your well-informed contemporary. Of course " themonarchof minemanagers, as Zebina has been dubbed, descanted in ^owineiems in the brilliant prospects! ffSer in particnlar, andtheB ceneral outlook on tbefields,snd, taking evewlhing into consideration, was lather j snrSd at the comparative wealmess ' of tte Westralian mining market here, OI tne TrvTOwtHiwu fc I A lengthy interview with Mr H. E. n n 7 s |(j S is given in this week's British Ausfralasian." The subject of ffeter^Taboflt the Catherwood 1 *ae mierwew.« > leases if X ^ ^ ^ " S S r T w n t o i b e nrAseni The article has attracted should have al good effect on the WeBtralian market ' Sir George and Lady Sbenton «re leaving London for a short trip on the social time of it since their arrival from Australia ; bnt this year promises to be a record one as regards banquets, balls, etc., as the number of visitors from the various British colonies will be very large. That much respected Westralian pioneer, Mr Jerry M'Auliffe, has again left London foi- the South of Ireland, whither he has gone on an important mission, but will not return alone. Speaking of Jerry reminds me of a story now going the rounds of ihc W.A. colony here. It appears that the genial Milesian was suffering from a mild attack of influenza, and had occasion to Visit a chemist's shop to ha ve a prescription made up. This latter took. some time to prepare, and so " Jerry " went away, promising to call back for the physic in the evening. In the'iaterim another assistant had taken the place of the young man who had attended to our pioneer's order in the morning, and on Jerry asking -No. 2 if his prescription was ready, the man of pills and blisters asked, " What name sir?" "M'Auliffe," was the reply. Urn—yes," said young Bolus, " but I have four patients here to-day who gave that name." " Weil begob, oi can't help dat," replied Mac. " The worst of yon English is, ye can never see an aristocratic name but ye all want to g adoptit immediately." Another Westralian arrival here is Mr Jas. O. Oxley, who certainly looks none the worse lor bis sojourn in the Golden WeBt, and his nut brown visage makes a pleasant contrast to the pallid features of the average cockney man in the street. Mr Oxley speaks in hopeful terms of the fields. At the recent meeting of the council of the Royal Colonial Institute amongst the names of. the last batch of elected Fellows I notice that of Mr Alfred F. Durlacher, of Western Australia. Mr; Sam " Hordern, the popular sporting mas of the City of the Beautiful HarboT, and Mr B-. W. Richards, the City; Surveyor, of Sydney, have also been elected Fellows of the Institute. A celebrated Australian will be shortly in London with a view to participate in the jubilee fetes. I refer to Mr "Jim" Tyson (" Nebuchadnezzer"), the well-known Queensland millionaire. Australians here are speculating as to what form Mr Tyson's princely generosity will take, especially bearing in mind the reputation he has earned " down under" for generosity.. A very charming Australian lady journalist is just now in London in the person of Miss M. E. Creeth, who is representing those well-known Victorian papers the "Bendigo Advertiser" and its weekly confrere, the "Bendigonian." Miss Creeth is a typical Australian girl -bright, cheerful, witty, and posseses accomplishments of no mean order. It is her intention to study art at South Kensington. This young lady has attained considerable proficiency with the brush, as an oil and water color artist. Her letters to the, 'Totherside journals named above should prove very interesting reading. ^ readers will remember that I ^ ^ ^ ^ letterg referredtothe wel CO me Intrusion of Westralia in the Kklms of^matic art I have now to ^ the man ; ^ ^ ^ f amons «Empire" Music Hall will shortlypres6»tto the.patrons by means of the. cinematograph, a series of views showing the method of working the Great Boulder. A number of pictures have been obtained showing the main shaft, the cages aficehding and descending, and other interesting views of will prove intensely interesting to thousands of people and will also serve as an excellent advertisement for the Westralian goldfields. I will have something further to say later on regarding this well-timed innovation. Speaking of matters theatrical reminds me that an Irish drama, entirely new to London, will be produced next week at a West End Theatre, with a new Australian actor bearing the .historic and un- mistakably Milesian , patronymic of 0> 0olmeilj who wilI appear in tit]e roU g Another young Australian singer, Mr. Willie Walsh, is doing very well in the Old Country, and is rapidly gaining ^ ^ ^ the zn^sic-loTing British publie. His voice is if anything better now than it has been for years past. I met our mutual friend " Sailor Bill' the other day and, after we had lubricator, BUI, in reply to a query as to how his favorite steed was burst forth into a perfect tornado of Bayley-street blasphemie patois It appears the bay are, although that was not the exact tinge the "Manner" called the quadraped m question was .taken suddenly bad, and the Wn1 Rnr2eon «" local - veterinary surgeon was sent for.. On his arrival he decided to give the crimson, I mean the bay mare, a drench. The scrutinising optic of Marine William was fixed on the "vet.," wbo, becoming nervous at the eight of Bill's eye, "with fine frenzy rolling," made a mess of the drenchadministering process, and spilt the tug all over the place, m fact everywhere but down thepoor brute s thorax It was a th,s phycolo^cal momen that the Westraiian Navigator " came in " and performed on the horse-doctor b in " langwidge" which was frequent, painfal and free, and gave that «^appy individual a lurid opmion of what be d thought of crimson, vermdton, and other shades of red new chum British Teteriaaiy eurgeons. " Pon me gawd, drawled the irrepressible Bill I thought I should have died when that poor bounder heard me perform on him "He*rastoo much of a toff to try and stand iae on my head." I paid him all the same/ but no more English veterinaTy Johnnies for this " chicken. 1 ' "I reckon Australians know more about a horse than other people do." And I felt i l^uec ^ Mend Bin. After a pleasant holiday, spent in Scotland, Mr J. L. Shierlaw is back again in London, looking all the better for sojourn in Caledonia stern and wild. He will take a brief trip to the north of England, and on his return will remain in London to witness the Jubilee jubilations, immediately after which he once more steers for the Golden West. Mr Shierlaw is in splendid health, but frequently sighs for the hot sun and blue skies of the Sunny South. I am pleased to hear that Mrs Robt. S. Gorrie and the little baby girl are now able to get about a little and enjoy the balmy air and bright sunshine of the past few days. I understand that the question of a befitting cognomen for ihe young lady is now engaging the attention of her proud and liaupy parents. It is with extreme regret that I record the very serious condition .of the Grand Old Man of Australasia, dear old Sir George Grey. The veteran colonist jost recently celebrated his eighty-fifthbirthday, and re reived congratulations from friends and admirers from all parts of the world. I am informed that his medical attendants regard the condition of their Hlustrious patient with grave anxiety. Another distinguished man who is at the moment very ill is the cultured, aud chivalrous Justin McCarthy, M.P. I mncli regret to say that his condition is seriously regarded and has been brought about by overwork. Mr M'Oarthy is one of the most popular and respected Irishmen in the British Itles, a distinguished author and a scholar possessing considerable attainments. It is to be hoped that the exchairman of the Irish party may pull through, and live to enlighten us further with his delightful and scholarly contributions to the " History of Our Own Times." I am informed that Mark Twain (Mr Samuel, L. Clemens) who is still here in England, is busily engaged in writing an account of his recent lecturing trip to Australia, India, and jSouth Africa. I understand it will be modelled on the lines of the famous " Innocents Abroad," and will be brought out towards the end of the present year. That it will be upto-date, humorous, and interesting is a certainty. The many admirers of Mark Twain on your side will be pleased to hear the genial American is now enjoying better health, and matters are looking much brighter for him. it is all over with the air-ship, the ghost-like and meteoric wanderer through realms of the western sky," which has startled and awed the Went for several months. It was sailing through the air all right on a Sunday, night, when there was a " dull thud," and all was at an end. The news comes from Kalamazoo, Mich., and therefore mnst be trae. The name carries conviction. Besides, it is vouched for by two old soldiers, who'remained up that night in attendance on a sick horse. They had only just caught a glimpse of the flying machine when the dull thud came, and the craft disappeared into space. But' although the two old soldiers are the only persons who witnessed the dying agonies of the mysterious air-ship, their testimony corroborated by a good deal of independent evidence. Three men engaged in shingling a barn in Comstock township allege that on fesuuiing work in the morning after the catastrophe tfepy found the house covered with minute fragments of steel, while a propeller blade has been discovered at anGther point in a partially fused condition. On the same Sunday afternoon the ship was seen in the northern- part of Macoupin County, 111., by various trustworthy witnesses, including Edward Teeples. Here again is - a name which carries conviction. They describe it as cigar-shaped, with wings, and a canopy on top. • Per contra, the photograph urnished by Mr M'Cann, who snaphotted the ship as it sailed over Soger's Park Chicago, reproduces the cigar shape, but gives no canopy. However, these are mere trifles. The point is that Kalamazoo has witnessed its sad and inglorious end. After a tolerably exhaustive perusal of the air-ship stories which have been flooding the New York papers for the last - three weeks, we are inclined to think that the first prize for monumental mendacity ought to be assigned the owner of the fishing steamer "Sea Wing," who surprised the mysterious craft on Lake Erie, As the ea Wing" drew near, a cylindricalshaped balloon, " gaily decorated," rose .into the air, carrying with it the famous ship, until it stood directly over the fishing steamer at' about a height of 500ft, where it "circled like a hawk' for several minutes. It is at this point that the genius of the narrator asserts itself so triumphantly. "Suddenly tbere was a splash in the water. A large swordfish had been dropped from the airship. The fish was stunned, and iis now on exhibition here (Cleveland, Ohio)." Perhaps the last word on the subject is that spoken by Dr M'Soffio, Of: Battle Creek, Michigan:—" We called it an air-ship, but we couldn't prove it. I never saw anything like it." In his interesting article on " Early Days in WeBtralia " in the May " Cornhill" Sir Edmund Du Cane tells a good story of the first detachment of , convicts which arrived 'in i hat colony. The settlerd were filled with panic at the prospect, the good order and harmlessness of the cbnvicts were speedily demonstrated They were marched to churah on Sun and took a prominent part in the service, the small choir which had practised together during the voyage being deputed to fulfil the same duty on shore. It was regarded, however, as a suspicious coincidence that one of the hymns chosen began :— \- " Say, G ye judges of the eai&i; If just your judgment be, ™ Or will not Heaven itselt appeal To Heaven 'gainst your decree ?" Jpip very pleasant to know that the Duke and Duchess of York's, wishes are gratified, and that the new baby is a Princess. They were so very anxious to have a girl. The Duchess, who is a strong woman, is making a good recovery, and will now be able to take part in the Jubilee procession. Another addition will s ou be made to the Duke and DachesB of Teck's grandchildren, as Princess Adolphas of Terk is expecting to he confined shortly. Their little biy, who was so ill, and who they for some time feared would be blind, is aow quite strong, is regaining his eyesight, and it is hoped he will quite recover. A pleasant iiem of the British Chancellor of the Exchequer's budget speech last night was the intimation that a reduction in the postal rafe to and from Europe and the colonies would probably take place from January 1 next year. Then we may start with a twopenny postal letter rate, so that it will be seen we are novr within measurable distance of an Imperial penny post within the Empire, and Heaniker Heaton will eventually be canonised, or have a statue erected bin* in Westminster Abbey, as the champion of cheap postal and telegraphic communication. The Royal Academy season of 1897 will open in a few days' time from now, and on the 28th inst. the representatives of the Press were admitted to a private view of the.paintings; Judged by a cursory examination of the picture', it cannot be recorded that there is any really great work amongst the canvassrs displayed, and a very large proportion of them might be truthfully described as mediocrities, and not even good mediocrities, if the term may be allowed. Another impending Westralian departure is that of Mr G. H. Speed, who leaves by the Australia next week for the auriferous West. Mr Speed is going out as the representative of the Golden Arrow Syndicate, and is also bringing out a patent hydraulic pump, of which he is sole agent for Westralia. It is his intention to give a practical demonstration of the pumps capabilities shortly after his arrival on the fields. 