OUR LETTEU BOX. 'A Visit to Melbourne.— Porcupine iRidge, 4th June, 1897.— Dear Aunt Con nie, — Since I last wrote to you I have bad a very pleasant visit to Melbourne. Miss alary Fowler took me down on Easter Monday. They drove me into Daylesford with them. Being loo late to see the A.N. A. procession, we .went to see the sports in Daylesford. They Were held in the "Wombat Park. There Were bicycles races, foot races, and Wood-chopping while we were there. We came to Melbourne by the-train that left- iDaylesford at 4 o'clock. When we were coming" near Melbourne the train was crowded. I stayed a night at Footseray, and then went to a friend's place at Too- rak the next afternoon. On Wednesday morning I went to Malvern, and stayed there till Saturday. Then my uncle Walter came and took me with him to Burrey Hills. I went to Brighton Beach while I was there, and had a_ paddle in the water. On Sunday I 'went to the Baptist' Cliurcli at Canterbury in' the' morning, and to the Surrey Hills Con gregational Church at night.' The pul pit of the latter was beautifully deco rated with chrysanthemums, ' cosmos, ferns, and grasses. While I was staying at Surrey Hills I saw St. Joseph's Home ».nd some of the children when they were out for a walk. I went to Williarosfown by train, and came back to Port Mel bourne by the steamer. The ' English Mail steamer Rome was there, and we went on board. My uncle .Fred came to ffoorak, and took me back to Hawthorn With him. While I was there my cou sin took me to the Picture Gallery at the Public Library and to Cole's Book Ar cade. A friend took me to the Botanical : ; Gardens .at South Yarra, and we saw " various kinds of ducks and two swans. IWe went through the fernery and green- ; iouse. I was twice at Brighton Beiach, , twice at Hawthorn -and Surrey Hills, also at Malvern, - Toorak, Richmond, Wiliiamstown, .Caulfield, and South" Yarra. A friend took me to S.t. Paul's Cathedral Altogether my visit was a very enjoyable one. Friends and rela tives seemed to vie with each other as to who could do most to make my visit a happy one. I missed "The Weekly Times" very much when I was away, and mother saved them up. for me at home. We all thought Dessle Vagg's letter, was very nice, also Cousin Tesa's, and are glad that she likfes the college. We have been practising the ."Hymn of- .Praise" for the Jubilee. After I. came back Louie went to Surrey Hills . with my. cousin. She is going to school with my cousin Gladys during her visit.' . It- is' still very dry up here. Father has to cart water a mile for the house. Tlie crops are nearly all sown in this district, and the light showers have brought some of them up. We ought to be very thankful that we are not so badly off as the farmers farther north. Father says the Government should act at once on the very valuable suggestions given by "Radiator" in last week's "Weekly Times," as each individual loss is a loss to the country, at large. I must now close, with love to my cousins and your self. — I remain) your loving niece, Jessie M. Russell. Gardening at School.— Musk Creek, Daylesford, 10th June, 1897. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I have often thought of writ ing to you before I always read the letters in the "Young Folks," and they are very interesting I have four sisters and one brother. They are ail but one older than I am. Dad and five other gentlemen from around Daylesford are at present on a pleasure trip to Fiji and the South Sea Islands. They left a fort night ago to-day We miss dad very much, especially in the evening, because then lie used to read the papers to mo ther and listen to the . girls play the piano and violin We have started to make a flower, garden at our school. The boys have got the beds dug, and we are all going to take bulbs and plants. Mr Nettle, our teacher, has offered a 5s prize for the neatest and best kept flower bed. If you will accept me as one . of your nieces I will write and tell you more about Musk Creek another time. With love to all, I remain your would-be niece, May Stoncbank Lugsdin. Age, 11 years 4 months. (I am glad, May, to have you as a niece. Ycu write very neatly, and I hope you will send us an interesting let ter about your father's experiences among the South Sea Islands. — Aunt Connie.) Shaken by an Earthquake. — South Wonwondah, 2nd June, 1897. — Dear Aunt Connie,— As this is the first time I have written to you, I hope you will accept me as one of your many nieces. We want rain very badly here just now, the grass being nearly all gone; in fact, some of the sheep and cattle are dying al- ready. I take great interest in the "Young Folks' " -page. My mother and I went to Melbourne last year, and I saw | many things which I thought very nice. First, we went to Footseray, where my grandmother and one of my aunts live. Then to Kew, and on our way home we called at Elaine. My mother went straight home, but I stayed a fortnight. While at Kew my uncle drove us to the St. Kilda pier. I also saw the monu- ment of Burke and Wills. I passed "The Weekly Times" office. The school is about 1 1/2. miles from our place, and there are 34 children on the roll. We all got a great fright on the 10th. We were doing the exercises, when we no- ticed the windows beginning to shake, and then we felt ourselves moving to and fro. The teacher asked if we knew what it was, and we told him it was an earthquake. My mother has got an or- gan, and I can play a number of songs on it, and also some hymns. We live 17 miles out of Horsham, and it seems a dreadful long drive in summer. The nearest mounts to this place are the Black Ranges. I have been up on them three times, and there are some very pretty flowers. I have also been up on top of Mount Zero, and there are some beautiful flowers up there in the spring time. Then there are the Distribution Works, which are also very nice. In winter this place is very muddy, and in summer very hot and dry. Hoping you are all well, with love to all, I will say good night. — From your loving niece, Viola Mansfield (aged 13 years and 8 months). Your handwriting, Viola, is very good, and we are all glad to have your letter to read.— Aunt Connie. He Succeeded. — Brutben, 15th June, 1897\. — Dear Aunt Connie,— I am return ing my card to you, with the amount I have collected, LI Is 6d, which I hope will help some poor little sufferer to get well again. I hope you will forgive me for keeping my card so long. I had to wait a long time for some money that was promised me, and there has been such a lot of things to collect for that I did not think I would get so much, and I wanted to get one of the certifi cates. There was a bazaar in aid of the Congregational Church. It was a great success. There was also a con cert for our day school prizes. It was very good. Our minister; the Rev. Gunson, has gone away. He was pre sented with a purse of sovereigns, and Mrs Gunson had some very nice pre sents, among them being a lovely marble' clock. They had been here eleven years, and felt going away very much. Will von please send my sister, Annie Dudley, a card 1 She thinks she will be more successful than I have been. Mother paid for the postal note. With love to Cousins Florrie and Connie, Uncle Ben and yourself,—! re main your loving nephew, Samuel James Dudley, Bruthen. Maggie Did Very Well.— Yalca, 17th June, 1897.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I am sending my card back. I got L2 4s 6d, and hope It will be a help to some of the sick children in the Hospital. I did my best to try -and collect. My little brother that was in the hospital is nearly better. I got my certificate on the 3rd May and a prize! The- name of the prize is, "Stories of the Fire Brigade." There are many of the stock dying from drought. I must conclude, with love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, not forget ting yourself and Uncle Ben. I remain, your ever loving niece, Margaret Daniel. A' Visit to Latrobc Island— Port Al bert, 25th June, 1897.— Dear Uncle Ben,— I have been living at Port Albert since January last. I like it very much, as I can go out fishing and boating. The s.s. Despatch conies in here once a week with goods from Melbourne. On a fine day the place looks very pretty, with the tide up full. I went to Latrobe Island, about a month ago, and enjoyed it very much. There is a lighthouse on it, and a pilot station. I could sec the Cliffy Island, and a lighthouse, and Ror dondo Island, and Rabbit Island. You San see the great waves dashing against their rugged granite sides. The beach is beautiful white sand. I was there for three days. We can see Wilson's Promontory on one side- of us, and the Strezlecki Ranges on the other side. We have here in Port Albert a nice State school and Sunday school, a Church of England, and a Wesleyan Church, a library and Mechanics' Institute. We have some nice pets, a Persian cat and two rosella parrots. My father has been taking "The Weekly Times" since 187C.— Your affectionate nephew, Her bert George (age 13 years). Our Queen. — Endeavour Farm, New- meralla, Orbost, 15tli June, 1897. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I am returning my col lecting card, with the amount of L2 15s 3l&d.;' 1 tried to get as much as I could. The people on the Snowy River are very good and kind. Everybody has given very liberally. They all thought it was for a very good cause, and were so glad that there was such an institute for the poor, sick children to go to. We finished maize-picking about a week ago. We had fine weather for the picking; no floods like we have had some-times. Father says the crops are not so good this year;- he thinks it is because of the wet summer we have had. We have been having some very sharp frosts here lately, but the days are beautiful and fine. Next Tuesday will be an eventful day all over the British colonies, when our dear old Queen completes her six tieth year on the throne. I would like to be with you dn Melbourne on that day, but it is too far from here. I hope you enjoyed yourselves when you were away for your Easter holidays. I en joyed myself very much when I was away for mine on the Tambo at Daisy- vale, which is a very pretty place. Now I must close, with best love to Uncle Ben and Cousins Connie and Florrie, hoping you will all enjoy yourselves very much during the Jubilee week.— Your loving niece, Elizabeth Edwards Answer. You have made an excellent collec tion, Lizzie, and I am pleased to hear the good people on the Snowy River are so kind and liberal towards the ' Chil dren's Hospital. It is a splendid insti tution. — Aunt Connie. The Old Man Kangaroo and the Bee Hunter. — Lah Arum, 4th June, 1897.— Dear Uncle Ben, — We have had a splen did rain here. It will do the grass a lot of good; that is, if we do not get many frosts at night But still there is not much grass about, and the sheep are dying. ' One man has lost five hundred sheep, and some, are killing the iambs because the ewes .have quite enough to do to keep themselves alive. There is poison, laid m'sorne of the paddocks around here to try and kill the foxes, which destroy the lambs. The cattle are all poor around' here, and there are "hardly any cows milking. Butter Is very, scarce; it is Is 3d per lb. In Horsham. I was up at Hawker's Gully with a few of my friends, and saw some very pretty places. At one place there Is an eagle's nest, and you can only get to" it by crawling through caves along the side of a cliff. I did not go, but some of the others went. We came back and had a good ramble through the fc-rns; then we all started for home. There were nine of us in the buggy, and one of the girls was on horseback, and two of the boys were walking. I was up at Mount Zero and Mount Difficult. Wc passed the three-storied cave, and we had plenty of fun. I think the old man kangaroo is still alive. I have not heard much about him lately, except that once a man who was out bee-hunting when he went to get a box must have got on the track of the old man kangaroo. The dogs scented up the kangaroo, and, of course, he. made straight along this old track. What should the old man kangaroo come across but the bee-hunter ? T„e latter ran along the track, and the old man kangaroo followed him. The man stumbled over a log, and when he looked up he said he thought it was all kangaroos. When he returned to his mates he looked like a ghost, and they asked him what he was so white for. He said, "If .you had seen what I saw, you would look white, too." It was nothing but the old kangaroo that was going back to his hiding-place, and the bee- hunter got on his track, and fce thought Jt he kangaroo was chasing him. Tfce let ters from Dave Russell are very inte resting. : My brother is away trapping rabbits. I do not know whether, he will get many, as there are so many men trapping. The emus have started to lay, and I suppose they will be proud of their young ones. My -father is away in New South Wales, and he says it is very dry up where he is. The earth quake seems to have caused great sen sations in some schools, but we did not feel the tremor. My sister felt it, but she was away from home. There are a great many birds about here. Our old cat generally catches . rosellas and other birds. There are plenty of erows about here, and they are very troublesome, and when a sheep gets down they pick out its eyes, and,, of course, it has to be killed. With love to Aunt Connie, Cousins Connie and .Florrie, not forget- ting yourself, — Your loving nephew, Robert M. Voigt. 