Gliost Story. A SCARE ON A WESTERN EOAD. j It will l*e remembered that about twelve months ago {says the " B&rcoo; Indeppudent" of the 5th instant) a pnrlion of the skeleton of a human being was found on the Blackall Rnrcaldine r<>ad, about six miles from Blaok aH, buried io tbu centre <»f the road, only a a few inches from tbe surface. The bono* w?ie removed nnd buriod at the foot of a tree near the place, and the matter had almost been fort'o'ten But interest io the affair baa considerably revived cfUtt*, and at tho present time there nre ninny Blackdl residents who would not patrg the place alone at uigbt for cither love or money. Tbe supernatural baa boen to evidence recently, and uow tbe Barcaldine-road claims the dignity of a full fli'dged ghoBi". The first recorded app.mr&nco; of (lie flpccfra wan about a moath a^o. On that ocoaaiou, a bright mooulight night, Measis. Banks's coach from Barcaldioc was puHsing the m ot where the boues were found, at about 9 o'clock, when one of tbe patsensers —a repre&eotati;*e of one of tbe leading Syducy wool broker*—ssw what he declared wns a man standing by tbe side of tbe road a short distance in front of tbe coacb. He, drew tbe attention of tbe driver and the other passengers to tbe man, who be thought was waiting for the coach, but when the others looked the figure bad disappeared although there was not the slightest shelter or hiding place near. From there to Blacball rccord time was made on thatocceion. Tbe ware of excitement was dying away, untii on Sunday last it wss revived in all its intensity. Just after dark on tbe evening of that night a local cyclist was passiog the plaoe, when he saw the shadowy form of a mac, with arms j uplifted above his bead. Tbe phantom figure slowly disappeared into some araall scrub near, but tbe cyclist's attention being taken from his bicycle the machine struck a stomp, aud the rider c&rnc; a cropper. Here again tbe remaining portion of the journey to town was done in time which would have made Martiu or Lesna turn green with envy. However, of one thing there can be no doubt, tbe two gentlemen here referred to are honest in their belief—tbe one that he saw something super natural, and tbe other that be either also saw a spectre or else some one was trying to ! frighten him. 1 