? W.A. PREMIER FORREST finds his chief recreation in gardening. Premier Beid believe^ in fishing. ONE, of Cardinal Moran's chief Convention barrackers is Humphrey Oxenham, the leviathan " boofeite"! M.H.A. HENRY is the life and soul of the Freetrade cause in Tasmania. Storekeeping, no doubt, inculcates such principles. GOVERNOR BRASSEY has paid off all hands on the Sun' earn, which he intends to " lay up " for a prolonged period. HARCOURT SMITH, the new Tasnianian Government geologist, is a native of "the island," with a Freiberg education in mineralogy. IT is said that a recently deceased wealthy widow had guaranteed a certain Elizabeth-street hardware house for nearly .£40,000. THE Freetrade Democratic party is whispering very quietly that it has a surprise in store for the Protectionists at the next general election. SOUTH AUSTRALIA'S youngest Assembly legislator, Mr. A. E. Roberts, has taken a leaf out of George Ash's book. He intends studying law. MR. HENRY BUTTON, of the Liwvceston Examiner, lias the distinction of being the solitary newspaper proprietor standing for the Federal Convention. NEW SOUTH WALES' forty-nine candidates for the Federal Convention include twelve lawyers, five journalists, two gentlemen and one compositor. A SON of the late Chief Justice Higinbotb&m; is managing an experimental farm some seventy miles out of Esperanee (W.A.) for a Coolgardie company. THAT extraordinary-looking clergyman made famous by Phil May's " Parson and the Painter," and in many of May's other drawings, really exists in Sydney, where May first discovered him. This particular parson is actively engaged in the work of what he calls Christianising Parliament. SIR FREDERICK SARGOOD is going to make some extensive alterations to "EippOn Lea" during the absence of Lady Sargood and family abroad. Sir Frederick was to have gone with them on a trip to Japan, but the Federation Convention will prevent that now. He is proud of his home at Elsternwick, ftttd his alterations will tend to beautify it further. • . ^ DS. ATKINSON,' BeiuOgo's often married medic 0 and speculator, is an ardent temperance man. To his abstinence lie attributes his general robustness and longevity. ' ,,, , „ • .. -vr i -n AOAI*assertedthat Preiuier N e t a m ' p r retire from Queensland politics. The fight for the Premiership will he between Tozer and Attorney- General Byrnes. • , ' _ V „D J ? . * 8 T I C E who , w jf ^ S ^ u f a bamster d6 years ago.haesjxmt 21y^rson the Bench- a record only surpassed by that of the late Sir Charles. Cooper. .< N.S.W. ATI OR*ET- GENERAI. WANT aep#es to a Judgeship. If the Reid Governiuentremaine in power it' ia more than likely that he will drop into the next vacancy. Mil; Br. J. ALOOCK, Pl-esideni of the CMamber, of Commerce. and .Chairman of the recent Postal Inquiry Board, shortly leaves for London, principally on holiday bent. W.4_. GOVERNOR GERARD SMITH says if he had his way he would make mining a partnership and not a company affair. BTat then wtfcrfe would the poor promoter coifle in ? * . •:'. .„, „ ~ PREMIER TURN ER-WIII have Bir.S^ghNelB<m for a companion op. his projected 1 fnpSfti^ thp to London. The northern pohtician h^.made up his mind to accept Chamberlain s invitation. . . " DICK " SEDDON, New Zealand's burly Premier> is a man of force. While far from a polished speaker, Seddon just does know how to talk to the point in the sledge-hammer style of oratory. m , , ,, ,. , TffE Queen has outlived aU the peers who were in the House of Lords at the beginning of her reign. The senior member of that body is the Earl of Mansfield, with a fifty-six years' record. SIR CHARLES LILLET'S advice to all aspiring young Queensland politicians always took this form : " You are a young man and have not had any experience in Parliament; talk little, but talk sense." " UNDESIRABLE BILL " B.EEVES, Maoriland's Agent-General, stands a great chance of being knighted tlii' June. His friends say he would, appreciate the bauble, too. The rabid democrat has few democratic principles when a title is about. ZEB LANE, of Great Boulder fame, again trips to London this month. The jaunt should not be so pleasant as the last one. An angry section of the British public is waiting his explanation regarding the fizzling St. Denis mine, which his report so eulogistically boosted. . ADGE DOUGLAS, President of the Tas. Legislative Council, is the senior mem ber of the Tasmanian Bar as well as the Legislature. Although eightythree years of age, scarce a wrinkle furrows his features, and he is as bright and active as men twenty years his junior. M.L.A. "DAN." LAZARUS has an English tour mapped out for this year. Providing all's well, he will get to London in. time to see the Jubilee festivities. WHAT a transformation has taken place from the plain George Turner of a year or so ago to the resplendent Sir George of to-day. The metamorphosis from the grub to the butterfly is nothing to it. At the beginning of bis Premiership he was almost weekly jumping up in the House to proclaim that he wasn't going to play any more, and that somebody else could be Premier. But now he is the belted knight, most self-assured of statesmen, almost on nodding terms with Queen Victoria, and simply hungry for honour and ravenous for glory:— While tempting fruit hangs out of reach It seems so very sour, And weaklings will with fervour preach The bitterness of pow'r; But once let the aspirant touch And taste the tiniest sweety Then vanity makes bold the clutchj And fools do over-eat. ALFRED HEBS,<. whose Johannesburg paper, the Critic, was recently suspended for six months by President. Kroger, has appealed to the British Government for redress on the ground that the suspension was an illegal act and a breach of the i o n s of the Lonton Convention. He ha 9 n £ d {te ^ the matter way y ^ u g e politi(£i stir. .. _ „ n • , BEEFER LANSELL, the Bendigomillionaire, has the curio-collecting mania very b k and his louse, in ^ developed into a regular museum. For the services helids hasrenderedto" Victorian deep mining, it has been suggested that he shotild be knighted. Sir George Lansell! Well, he has rendered this country valuable service, and it is doubtful if as much can be said for .many of those who have received the title. ' JUSTICE HOOD'S remarks on $he garrulity of the detectives to the daily Press have been received with mixed' feelings: in thfe ••' Foqroe." They are resented , by the men who g<et puffed out of all proportion ft* their Sbei4o«jk Holmes prowess, and applauded by those whose deeds are ignored, \- a pfoj^y-^rgaaiised defective force^no indi- Vldual woald be aUowed to give,xtems to the Press except-the chief. As thingte aisnotf, Apparently detective is allowed to divulge whifhe liij, and it thue happens thai; the men curry with the reporters - get most prominence in the papers. , BUTLER must have spent a very active career if he is guilty of more than half the murders credited to him. Wherever he has lived f<Sr a tin^e his departure has been followed by a mysterious disappearance. usually that of a man Vsith much [ ewellery or the command of coniidera^le ready cash. Really, But er must be pdsses|ed of a regular treasure trove somewhere, and; when he has been duly hanged we presume that -trove will be turning up in sensational literature jFor ihany, many years to follow. As bis Australian victims go, however, he does not eeeiji to have found murder very profitable, whatever pleasure he may have derived from it as a fine art. DR. LOUIS HENRY'S suggestion that there -should be a competition, "open to the whole world," for the composition of a National Ode on Federation is positively appalling. When we think of the versified slop that has been emptied by poets on the subject of Federation, and of the further slop that will lie, emptied without any incentive, we look upon Dr Louis Henry as an enemy to the human race for making any such horrible suggestion. It is bad poetry and perorations that have destroyed the Federal cause, and if a lot of poets are let loose to gabble about it, the very word Federation will become nauseous. The only theory we can form is that Dr. Louis Henry is about to set up as a lunacy specialist, and that, to get patients, he wickedly wants to make the people of this country read Federation odes. Isn't it bad enough to have a bad harvest, the Income Tax, dear bread and two elections in one year, without being threatened with an eruption of odes from the world's worst poets, all eagerly competing against each other to produce tommy-rot in rhyme ? DR. JULIUS WILLMOTT, the father of Mrs. Maesmore Morris, holds high degrees in his profession. He became M.B.C.S. Eng. in 1872, and took his M.B. degree at Aber- deen in 1880. • PENCILLER "TOM AUNPIELD is xeputed to lie cine of the strongest financial men in the Australian "ring." Worth all of £80,000, a good deal of which he has made out of judicious mining investments. Any man who can eit on a solid pile like that can afford a twelve months' round the world jaunt, and that is what Arnfield intends doing. ' M.L.C. J. A. WALLACE estimates that his expenditure on mining reaches the tidy earn of jg860,000. A hint as to his profits would be more to the point. PREMIER TURNER said the other night that if lie could haye his way he would have the Federal capital at St. Kilda. Quite so— " This apple I inhabit Is all the world to me," Said the worm with much complacence And mock humility. " You cannot me bewilder About the Capital," Quoth Turner, "for St. Kilda Is the finest town of all. " For did it not elect me To sit in Parliament, And who would not expect me To pay this compliment ? " So, let Peacock laugh aloud, And let I Isaacs sneer, I would the Federal Flag unfurl Upon St. Kilda pier." Which almost equals Will Whitburn's suggestion that the Federal Capital should be planted on the shores of the Beilly-street drain !" LOVELY woman in Soiith Australia g oes ,°°i better than her-Maotiland sisters. One FedeKU candidate will be Miss Spence,.the apostle _ effective voting, W.C.T.U-ite, and friend of tw talented George Eliot. She is 72 years old. posing she be elected, the question of her abiu i to sit would prove a knotty one. i !•: private haaBom, with pneumatic tires and ^le of bells on the horse's head, lately the in London, is catching on in Melbourne. : jjilde, tinkle, will be musicaluntil it becomes JIIIOUS. Victorian Artists Society, which recently . •>) serious loss through the defalcations of one i>t' it i-mployee, lias had to resort to running a Kii ; marten school to get funds. The society 1 sli. i • transform itself into a good club before it I • • s hopelessly extinguished. Its rooms are ih]y adapted for the purposes of a cluliyreat secret of the Defence Department in hou- Tv l-ri-n' nng and maintaining the Mounted Rifles i.-' 1' rsike care and give new corps the job of .no- the Governor on public occasions. This if'!!"' ; us function is calculated to keep the chests yokel yeomanry swollen for at Wast one veil 1-. ( the end of wliicji attendance at drill per-- v falls off. But a stimulant like the proio send a squad to England :6r show po.su' P'in 1 , Ms is a wonderful reviver of martial ardour, 'J'uni in the bugle band :— When the glitter of the sabre And the glory of reviews House the envy of your neighbour And ensure you lots of booze— You think it's fine ! But when the raw recruitees, Who have been just newly sworn, <3et all the escort duties, . Then your feelings get forlorn— And you resign! Tin: rewards of temperance are many and various; but few women are there who would ai-knowkdge that one reward of the sobriety of "men is that they (the men) would not marry them! Y.it :it the Conference of the Women's Christian Temperance Union at Warrnambool Sister Hannah related the story of a young Melbourne doctor who, when in his cups, used to ask' her to marry him. but now, she said, he had been reclaimed by tin' 'Mission, had reformed and married somebody ; Moral: By becoming sober he escaped iiiiiiTyinii Sister Hannah. Had somebody else told, thin st'irv we should have regarded the anecdotist as a Haiinahnias; but as it conies from Sister Hiiunnh herself we must accept it. We also con- •jmTuliite "the young doctor" on his escape—we lijttin from the drink, of course ! "L.U>Y ; ' MUNRO is back in Melbourne again, and w;ts requested by the City Ben ill the other •lay vo contribute 5s. to the Treasury for permitting herself to be influenced for evil by strong dvinkr!. " Lady " Munro's claim upon the title is olisi-ure. but the great democracy loves to regard in ]• as .in aristocrat; she is certainly of good family, and lives on remittances wliich must be pietty considerable, considering that they enable IK R to fjet intoxicated all over the face of this con- 1 ijcut ;ind patronise every respectable gaol in five provinces. Nothing was created in vain, and it is " La'lv" Munro's mission to afford music-hall artists ;nid pantomime stars with material for topical and local allusions. The mention of her narao on the stage raises a laugh quite as readily as that humorous, but over-worked, expletive "I)—n!" "Lady" Munro holds th.e Australian r.'cord for convictions for drunkenness, for which sin? docs not get the credit she deserves—from local publicans. SOME time ago Mr. Andrew Lang, who goes gallivanting- after ghosts, spooks and other tommyiot, related the story of the murder of one Fisher, at Pamimatta, N.S.W., which crime was alleged to have been detected through the ghost of the. murderer! man appearing on the scene. Andrew aske.l v,-)iother "any Australian archaeologist" 1 new whether "a report of this trial exists in the trehives of Sydney." Labouchere, in Truth, supplies the answer, on the assurance of an Australian in London. " There was no Fisher, no ghost, no i murder, no arrest, no trial and no execution; Fisher's ghost was laid in Sydney many years ago, and it has been left to Mr. Lang to resurrect the hoary-headed impostor." Poor Lang appears to he a bit cranky about spooks, and inclined to believe any stupid rubbish that may be pahnedoff upon him. Doubtless, some day he will be asking "An Australian archsologist" to tell him something about Cissie, Geordie and other Mellon jim-jams. Da. LLOTI> says that the extent to which vandalism is carried on in this country is a national disgrace." So reads a news paragraph. Exemplification of the vandalism may be found in the Fitzroy Gardens, where Venus has had her eye bunged up, her nose flattened and her cheek scratched; where Juno looks as though she had been hit in the jaw with a pint pot ; and where Flora has been pinched in the breast and chucked under the chin with a clump of blue stone. If Venus, Juno and Flora lived in North Melbourne they would have a sympathiser on the bench ; though it is to be feared that they would besmirch their classic .character owing to the insidious atmosphere that hangs about the local court, by bringing up Apollo, Jupiter and Discobulus for maintenance orders. Then Dr. Lloyd ?« ould be v. ry happy. TIMES change and newspapers change with them Formerly, the daily papers would have chronicled every word of- such an important address as that on Federation which the Premier delivered at St. Kilda on Friday last. As it was, the Aigus cut him down to quite one-half, and the Age to fully one-third. Yet every word was important, and Turner is so compact, close and terse a speaker that almost every word he says is essential to his argument and to the statement of his case. An English daily, under such circumstances, would certainly have issued the order, " first person verba- tim, " to its reporters. Our leading papers seem line Mr. Parkin in " The Silver King," to care more for "a good murder" than for the pronouncement of our Premier on the great question of the day. 