Brock's Creek. (From the Man at the L Roads.) n Bl v S a a a a P t 1. t v a F I did s t ii e 0 S 'J O c as set up o a a a a c a ii d c < h ft a of Messrs. P. R. Allen's store has now assumed an appearance of completion, and as, far as rumour goes is to be managed by Mr. Phillip Green, whose connection with the Fountain Head branch of this firm has been appreciated by the up country people for many years His frank and ready welcome to the weary horse and cattle drover, after an arcUnus and lonely journey through trackless waste of arid birch-, has made for him very many sincere admirers and friends, and it is a matt ter for congratulation that his valuable services for the Brock's Creek has been secured. The Fountain Head branch we believe is still to be kept open, and the management of Mr. Percy Weldon, we all hope, as his cordial manners, combined with sound business qualities, render him well' worthy to occupy any post of trust in which he nifty be plAced, It is with great regret we have to announce the somewhat sudden death of John Maguire, who for some little time past has been working on the Rand goldfield, which occurred on Thursday, May 26, at Brock's Creek. It appears for a lengthy period he has been suffering from a very painful affection of the heart, and had determined to seek medical advice. He arrived at Brock's Creek, from Wandin, on Wednesday, May 25th, in a very exhausted' condition, from which he really never rallied, and passed away on the following day. His interment took place at the local cemetery? Mr. St. Aubyn officiating. Amongst those who followed the poor fellow to his last resting place were Mr. Gyles, J.P., Dr. Collins, and Messrs. Mate land, Phillip Greet, and Percy Weedon. Truly the love of sport and manly exercises is always predominant ist every true Australian's breast. Already } * the miners at Howley, under the cap tar ney of Mr. Brock, have formed a small rifle club and utilised some of the waste iron, transforming it into a very respectable target, and have placed, it on the adjoining hill to the new shaft, three hundred and fifty yards from the survey peg in a line with the men's quarters. Here is lei- sure time a party may be always seen, competing amongst themselves for small prizes. A match we believe is to be arranged between respective teams of Rowley and Brock's Creek. Among the latter there are many of whom are credited with being very fair marks- men. An accident, which might have ended very seriously, occurred to one of the Howley miners last week. While shooting hawks the right barrel of his gun suddenly exploded. Fortunately his eyesight was not injured, but we regret to learn that his hearing has been somewhat impaired by the mishap. The birds!, on examination, was found to be made of very Hid mated ii, fbp weapon evidently being in on I trade on, many of which, we understand 1, ne in use throughout HIP country. Mr. and Mrs. Rosewarne have you turned to Brock's Creek from the Eureka Mine. Turning to mining matters the work is still rapidly progressing on the properties of the Northern Territories Gold Mining Co., Ltd, under the joint management of Messrs. de Muller and Rosewarne. The houses in course of erection for the staff are rapidly near ing completion, and standing as they do on rising ground present a pretty appeal france to the passenger from the train, as it winds its way through the verdant slopes between Brock's Creek' and Fountain Head. The new developments and improvements taking place on the property held by the Zapopan Gold Mining Co are very noticeable. Mr. St. Aubyn, the new manager, who has already won his way into the hearts of those around him by his genial manners, is pushing the work on actively. Already shafts are being sunk along the line of reef at intervals, and we ascertain through the information kindly supplied by the manager, that these will cut the reef at a calculated dep' h the shifts are respectively situated as follows :-Qty» adjoining the Northern Territories. claim at Brock's Creek, another CLOSE to the Manager's house, and the others two-hundred yards to the right of the battery. On cutting the reef drives will be made along the line communicating one shaft with the other. This will entail an enormous amount of work, but what keen pleasure it must give old Territorians to see earnest mining taking place, and honest enterprise receiving its own re ward!. Arrangements are being made, so rumor says, for the sitting of a small quantity of stone through the battery from the Great Northern Claim, and the results are eagerly looked forward to, as undoubtedly the claim in a good one, and should its early promise continue turn into a very payable concern. Amongst the most difficult enigmas presented for many years to old Ferris trains, and yet unsolved, in the hitherto total lack of SUCCESS in all undertakings throughout the Northern Territory. " This piteous tale has been told and re-told at dinner parties, public amusements, during the confidential chats in cool verandahs. has been handed down from age to youth, J from youth to child ; receiving various attempted solutions from wiseacres and ! cynics, as well as from the ambitious 1 aspirant to enormous wealth. and yet remains unanswered. Surely at List i its true solution is being reac^ud^by ' those whose backs bear the thirds of a fierce-and tropical sun. today"' for the advancement of enterprise in, a, yard * distant from all we are ALPINE says that. nvinrsuvni, a fire" and uphill fight, again it the heavy Mile or clean tin combined with t'iP *"n-<-<»'/.qc. As 2- of {?>,* '1 tires and ' I was ' ? ' 2 tons'... -, nil '1 j there'll land o? III s. for. <. i s -..] v j by the issue veto is a fig >. was shall I 9-10, P''"1*'-' at ' T A" F" O'S < It '' > a try perchance shaw the-glory of a hard won tight, or pick up the crumbs which proverbially fall from the rich man's table. Truly the solution stanks thug .' Enterprise, to succeed, must meet with its due share of assistance. Very many are the wants of those toiling for success, yet on all sides are they met with dogged refusals to all demands. Surely there are some who have their mining brethren's interest at heart, and could bestir themselves and others to gain a favorable answer to the miner's wants. A telegraph and post office are imperatively needed here. Bright were the hopes and joyous the hearts when lately, changes were being made in the telegraph line adjoining the siding, when for the short space of two days an operator and instruments, were perceived near the station, but like Hamlet's ghost, fled at the approach of dawn, so the operator and instruments departed, only to speak from afar and so again hopeful enterprise is nipped in the bud,- and confronted with threaten- ing difficulties. Is it needful to enlighten any as to the enormous demands for the erection of? such an office in the busiest mining centre ever » yet in existence in the Northern T/t»r«itory ? It is necessary to point out Jiafc enterprise such as has been carried out of recent companies here is lightly undertaken; and that the successful issue of which must interest the population in its entirely ? Surely the veriest dullard in this enlightened - period must- acknowledge the necessity of joining the help- those whose sole means universal success. Has not the name of the Northern Territory been dragged through the mire ?-' Are we always to be called the inhabitants of the Great White Elephants How oft*have similar epithets caused heart, aches and, troubled minds to many: whose interests lie here ; whose future depends on its success, and whose children's children, in years to come, ¡ willifeenefit'by its>advancement. Therefore let all who have the interest and good name. of their adopted country at heart rise and join hand in hand, to further these toiling for advancement, and t£r\<*rave this boon from the powers that be., wondered enabled, by right to grant th is, our urgent appeal. 