Readings in Catholic Doctrine. THE CEREMONIES OF HOLY WEEK EXPLAINED. GOOD FRIDAY. The service of to-day consists of a se ries of distant actions. We shall divide our explanation into four parts:—! His tory, containing- the Prophecies and the Passion according- to St. John. 2. Sup plication, containing- public prayer for all sorts and conditions of men. 3. Reparation, containing- the unveiling and adoration of the Cross. 4. The Mass of the Presanctifled. I. THE PASSION. The choir and sacred ministers ap proach the Sanctuary in silence. Nei ther incense nor lights are carried be fore them, and the vestments are black, 'as when one mourneth.' On the Altar there is neither Missal nor Altar-cloth. When the sacred ministers reach the Sanctuary, instead of beglning by pub lic prayer, they prostrate themselves on the ground in silence, while a cloth and the book are laid, on the Altar. They then rise, and at once proceed to read the Lessons and Collects, which bring before us the Paschal Lamb, the type of the Lamb of God, who is to-day sa crificed for our sins. These Lessons prepare us for the , 'Passion,' which gives us St. John's account of the ter rible events of this great day. The Pas sion is sung-, as on Palm Sunday, by three deacons (or priests), who each ?take a part, the choir sustaining, as before, the part of the multitude. II. THE PRAYERS. The second part of the service con sists of supplication and petition. While the Church bids us pray at all times for the conversion of sinners and evil doers, on this day she makes public and official prayer for those who are 'enemies of the Cross of Christ.' For mercy knows no bounds; and our dying Saviour has given utterance to the words, Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do. The Celebrant sings eight prayers, each of which is prefaced by a few words to show its object. First comes the prayer for the Spouse of Jesus Christ, the Church of God; then the prayer for the Vicar of Jesus Christ, the Pope happily reigning; then the prayei* for bishops, priests and other servants of the Church; then the prayer for catechumens; then the prayer for all in tribulation or danger; then the prayer for heretics and schismatics; then the prayer for the Jews; and, lastly, that our charity may embrace all human crea lures lOV YV11UIII uesun nncu .t.j.ia ..-..u-~, comes the prayer for Pagans. Before the prayer for the Jews, the deacon refrains' from bidding ua to genuflect, because they turned this mark of adora tion intoan insult against our Lord in , His Passion. III. THE UNVEILING OF THE CROSS. The third action in to-day's service is reparation. The Church will have us make what reparation we can to Jesus Christ for the ignominy of His passion by showing honour and venera tion to the cross in memory of His Cru cifixion to-day. Accordingly, the Cele bi-ant takes off his chasuble, the symbol of his priestly dignity, in order to be the first to humble himself on this day of mourning. He receives the veiled cross? and, standing at the side of the Altar, he uncovers a small part, raising it slightly for people to see, and sings in a low voice: Behold the wood of the Cross, on which hung the salvation of the world; and all kneel to pay their homage to the sign of our redemption. Mounting nearer the Altar, he goes through the same ceremony a second time; and then, coming to the centre of the Altar, he removes the veil entirely, and lifting the cross aloft sings on a high note the same words a third time, in memory of our Saviour's words: 'When I shall have been lifted up. I will draw all things to Myself.' By this uncovering of the Cross is represented the gi'adual preaching of the Jews and afterwards to the Gentiles the great mystery of the Crucifixion, 'to the Jews a stumbling-block, and to the Gentiles foolishness.' The Celebrant then places the Cruci fix on the ground, and, in token of his humiliation and abasement, takes off his shoes, for the place whereon he stands is Holy ground, and goes to kiss the feet of the figure that represents his dying Saviour. As he approaches the kneels three times, and finally kisses de voutly the symbol of our redemption. All who are present follow his example, either at this Crucifix or at one of the Crosses in the side chapels (according to convenience), taking care to make three genuflexions (not more), and mak ing the third close to the Cross itself, so that as they kneel they can kiss the figure. During this touching ceremony, the choir sings in plaintive chants the Reproaches, which bring before us in a dramatic way the rebukes, loving and gentle, addressed by our Saviour to the Jews. IV.— THE MASS OF THE PRESANC TIFIED. The candles on the Altar are now lighted in reverence for the coming Presence of Jesus Christ. The clergy go in procession to the Chapel of Repose, and bring back to the High Altar the Blessed Sacrament, which has been re served in a chalic since the Mass of yes terday. During the procession the choir sing the Vexilla Regis. On this day alone throughout the Christian year the Church suspends the offering of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, that our thoughts may be wholly taken up with the con templation of the one Sacrifice that was consummated to- day on Calvary. The Blessed Sacrament, which the Cele brant receives to-day, was consecrated (or presanctified) yesterday. Conse quently, since there is no actual Sacri fice to-day, this part of the service is called the Mass of the Presanctifled. When the Blessed Sacrament is brought to the Altar, tlie priest incenses It. He then turns to the people and bids them pray (orate, fratres), and himself prays aloud, singing the Pater noster. He holds up for their adoration the Sacred Body of our Lord, and then reverently receives It. To mark our mourning and confusion to-day, the priest does not remain at the Altar to say any public prayers of thanksgiving or to give a *?» ...» _ . « _ji__. ?«?? ....... ?» . _ j. Diessing, as m otner masses; our. straightway leaves the Sanctuary. As soon as he departs, the Vespers are re cited as yesterday, and the Altars are stripped. The Sanctuary is empty, its light is gone, no lamp burns in any part of the Church, the pictures are veiled; the naked Cross stands alone to pro claim the mourning of the Spouse for the Crucifixion of her Lord. They shall mourn for Him as one mourneth for an only son, and they shall grieve over Him as is the manner to grieve for the death of the first-born. HOLY SATURDAY. It was the practice of the Church from the earliest ages that no Miass was said on Holy Saturday. For a thousand years after the foundation of the Church it was the custom to spend this day in prayer and fasting, in watching in spirit with the Holy Women at the Sepulchre until the morning of the Resurrection. At midnight, on Friday, the Divine Office for Easter Eve was sung; but the service and Mass that we have now on Holy Saturday really took place on Sa turday night, and, extending till dawn on the Sunday morning, was the imme diate herald of the Resurrection. We should bear this In mind if we wish tn enter into the spirit of this service, and if we would understand the many allu sions we find in it to the night. Another point to remember is, that the service of this night was specially ordained and fitted for the baptism of those converts, or catechumens, who had been pre viously found worthy of admission into the Christian Church. We shall divide the service into two sections: the Bless ings and the Mass. I.— THE BLESSINGS. The Church, as we remarked on Palm Sunday, blesses and sanctifies every thing she uses in her sacred functions. Holy Saturday is in a special manner a day of blessings, for it is in a sense the birthday of the Church. The service be gins, not in the Sanctuary, but at the very entrance to the Church, where new fire, kindled from a flint, is1 blessed. From this the light is taken for the candles and lamps throughout the Church, which were extinguished on Good Friday. This was of first import ance in the Early Church, that the faithful might have light for the long night ceremony. Five grains of incense are then blessed, and the deacon lights a triple candle (In honour of the Three Persons of the Adorable Trinity), and leads the way through tho darkness to the Sanctuary, thrice announcing as he goes Lumen Christi, the Light of Christ. When the procession roaches the Sanc tuary, the deacon chants his song of tri umph (Exultet), and solemnly blesses the great Paschal Candle. When lighted, it is the representation both ol! the pil lar of fire, which went before the people of God In their wanderings through the desert, and of the new-born glory of Je sus risen from .the grave. During this grand song of joy the deacon pauses three times: once to flx in the candle the five, grains of incense in the form of a cross, which, by their number, repre sent the Five Wounds, and, by their substance, the precious spices which the holy women brought to the Sepulchre this night to embalm the Body of their dead Lord; a second time he pauses to light the newly blest candle ; and a third time, while the lamps in the Church are once more lighted. After this Exultet come the Twelve Prophe cies, which were primarily Intended for the instruction of the catechumens who were to be baptised this night. Then comes the blessing1 of the Bap tismal Font. In front of the procession is carried the Paschal Candle, which leads these neophytes to the waters of salvation, even as the pillar of fire led the children of Israel to the saving waters of the Red Sea. When the Ce lebrant reaches the Baptistry he sings, the blessing of the Font. He divides, the water in the form of a cross, and scatters some towards the four quar ters of the world; he breathes upon it, and invokes the grace and power of the Holy Ghost upon it. He dips the Pas chal Candle three times into the water. The people are then sprinkled with this Easter water, and after this the holy Chrism and Oil of Catechumens is poured into the Font to mingle with the baptismal water. This completes the solemn blessing of the Font, and after this the Catechumens were formerly baptised and then confirmed. After the blessing of the Font the procession re turns to the Sanctuary, and the Lita nies of the Saints are sung, during which the Celebrant and sacred minis ters lie prostrate before the altar. To wards the end of the Litanies the priestN rise and go to the Sacristy to vest for Mass. II. THE MASS. As we have pointed out, the forego ing ceremonies formerly took place dur ing the night of Easter Eve, and the Mass at which we are now going to assist is really the Mass that used to be offered at daybreak on Easter morn, after the long vigil. This will explain why it is of such a joyous character. The vestments are white, the Gloria is sung, the bells ring out cheerfully, the organ is heard once more. Pictures and images are uncovered; flowers again adorn the altar, which is decked in white. The Collect of the Mass makes Intercession for the newlybap tised, 'the new offspring of Thy fam ily.' After the Epistle, the Celebrant intones solemnly three times the Alle luia, which is taken up by the choir; the Gospel relates to us the visit to the Sepulchre of Mary Magdalene and the other Mary at the dawn of day. The Creed is not sung, as it used to be re served for the second Mass which was sung later on Easter clay. The Kiss of Peace is still omitted, for It was not until evening on the day of the Resur rection that Jesus stood In the midst of His Apostles in the Upper Chamber In the Holy City and gave them His peace. For the same reason the Agnus Dei is left out. When this Mass was appoint ed to be sung on the Saturday morning (instead of at the dawn of Easter Da,y) it was necessary that it should be followed by Vespers. As the service is already so long, the Church bids us sing, immediately after the Commu nion, Vespers containing one Psalm and the Magnificat. This now takes the place of the Post-Communion in other Masses, and when these have been sung, the Mass concludes with the blessing and the last Gospel according to St. John. «____ —__ mm », 