FICTION. ROLLY AND HIS LOST MASTER. They say that the name of the station is changed, and that the dog is dead, but I remember, and I think I shall remember always. In a sharp V of a valley, between two tall, unheeding mountains, stood a little brown station, all alone. There was small token of life about the building, so far as we could see, so when the conductor came back from the office with his orders we wondered why the train did not go on. But pretty soon a tall, old man, with a red flag under his arm, came up the track ahead of the station platform. Some of us had alighted, and to us volun- teered, while he rolled his flag closer : " Rock on the track." " Is it very large ?" asked some one. " Hope, they'll git it off purty soon ; like 'nough in 'bout ten minutes. Nope, trains don' hev much 'casion to stop here long nowadays. Used to be a purty decent mine up yonner," jerk- ing his head toward the little road; " then they war some doin's here. They hain't none, o' you seen Roily, hev you he asked abruptly. " Who's Rolly ?" " W'y, Rolly, he's the dorg;" his eyes grew anxious ; " he's a great in- stitution 'round these parts." He went out. " Say, Bennie, where's Roll ?" he called. His voice was different from that in which he spoke to the men outside; the answer was inaudible. " Hump ! Curious, ain't it ? When did he go ?" Again the inaudible re- ply "Well, he must have heard tbe whistle." He came back, but with his eyes on the brown road over the ridge. " Didn't it pan out ?" asked one. " Huh ? Oh, the mine ! I dunno, I guess 'twould ef— " but the old idea was too strong—his eyes sought the slope again. " Now, where in time is that dorg ? He hain't use' to missin' trains." " What was the matter at the mine ?' " Oh, there was ghosts came there, 'n' that scart everybody, 'n' now they won't no one go nigh but Rolly, and he's interested. Wish 't he'd come, anyhow." " Well, what is it about Rolly, my friend, is he your dog ?" asked a big, quiet man, standing near his wife. Nope. That is, he is and he ain't— one way he's mine and two he ain't —one way he's mine, 'cause I feed 'im and hanker after 'im ef he ain't round. One way he ain't mine, he's Bennie's, 'cause everything I've got that Bennie hankers after is his'n, an' he thinks a heap o' Rolly. Bennie's the telegraph here. " 'Nother way he ain't mine nor Bennie's neither. He hisself thinks he b'longs to a man 't hain't been 'round here quite a spell — the last contractor at the ' Hope.' He left in a leetle hurry one night, bein' found with some mine pay-money mixed in his own inside pocket by mistake 'n' he forget the dorg." " Did they hang or shoot him ?" The old fellow grinned. " Shot 'im ; sent the remnants East in a box. We hain't lookin' for 'im back, but Rolly is. Yes, sir, he's on hand every train, an' between times he goes up to the mine to see if his man has slipped by unbeknownst and gone up there." Just then the conductor, passing, said: " Nearly ready; all aboard." The old man walked with us. " Can't think what on 'arth keeps 'im. He'll cry all day ef he misses this train." The conductor stood, watch in hand, his eyes too on the road. " There he is!" someone shouted. " He knowed he was late, 'an took the short cut," exclaimed the old man. Our eyes left the road, and at the other end of the platform met a small, smooth-coated, black-and white mon- grel, all dusty and panting, crouched, with quivering flanks by the steps of the last car. The dog's eyes were on the porter. The porter looked to the conductor for a sign; the conductor looked at his watch and his orders, and nodded. Then the porter lifted the eager little brute into the car vestibule. We all waited with eyes on the door of the nearest Pullman; all but the quiet man, who had retired into the front corner of the car behind his newspapers. " Blest if I want to see the beast disappointed," he said to his wife. "Does he go through the whole train ?" I asked of the old man. " Yes, miss, all but the col'nist car and the em'grant; he knows that hain't the kind." Just then the Pullman door opened and the porter came through followed by the dog, stepping high and ner- vously. There were a great many in the car, and the dog was bewildered. The porter picked him up and put him on one of the seats, a double row of which ran back to back down the centre of the car. The dog put his paws on the back of the seat and looked all around, ears up, nostrils moving, flanks quivering, tail straight out and slowly waving. His intense feeling was manifest in every turn and move, in search for his lost master. ! Suddenly he gave a sharp yelp and . bounded over the centre seats down the aisle like a young tornado, and stopped with both paws on the quiet man's knees, yelping, dancing, tearing the newspaper down upon himself. The man took the paper away and the dog leaped towards his face with a squeal. But the squeal broke half way, and the dog fell back on all fours, still as a stone. The quiet man looked at him kindly, and put out a hand to pat him. The dog came closer, his eyes always on the man's face, and softly put his paws on the knees again, The man said : " Well, Rolly !" The dog's head went on one side in a moment; the name was all right, but the voice—the voice— He got down and backed off, his ears wavering ; he gave one low, ques- tioning whine, then slowly answered the porter's call. At the top of the car steps he paused and came back. With head on one side and paw raised, he looked again, and then, with a sharp sort of bark, turned back and went down. A moment afterward the conductor's watch snapped ; he waved his hand, and the train drew out, up the broad canon. But our eyes were all turned back to the platform, where the dog stood, poised, head on one side and foot lifted, looking after us. The quiet man didn't draw back till we had rounded a curve; then he found a cinder in his eye. " Nice scenery," he said. I heard afterwards that the quiet man was the son of Rolly's old master. Strange, wasn't it. -Weekly Son. 