amusements; THEATRE ROYAL. ??HAMLET' The Dampier Dramatic Company sprang something of a surprise upon the playgouig public by deserting, on the last night ot their ?..?..An +!?*? JAHtilA KaI^Ia e\\( r+\r\\*\\**i^\ inftls*wirams. for the histrionic heights and dark ravines of Shakspearian trajredy, selecting tho play of ' Hamlet' for their performance. There was a good all- round house, the gallery and stall!* being yery well patronised, and the attendance in the circle by no means moasiro, though not large. Shakspeare seldom draws in Adelaido; taste has altered sinco the days of G. V. Brooke, Montgomery, and Fairclouph. Physically Mr. Dampier made a manly enough Prince of Denmark, beinj; well-knit, and carrying hiius-lf easily, the sombre trappings of woe, cut in the graceful picturesque fashion of tho period, fitting him finely ; but. a'though his elocution, barring a mannerism, was correct and, at times, effective, h« being an accom plished experienced actor, bis speech partook of a lachrymose tone, due, in-a measure, to thu fact that liu I1.15 been suffering from a severe cold for several days, and was not in pood form. Mr. Dampior's Hamlet, careful study though it evidently was, lacked the power and depth of tho character ; his musings and soliloquies almost degenerated into mere complaiuin^s, and his receptions of his friends lacked tho warmth and etately courtesy consistent with the nobln nature of the man ; in short he was the ' melancholy Prince,' not so much the 'glass of fashion' as ' the mould of form,'' and the sombrencss of spirit pervaded nearly all his actions. We feel quite sure that Mr. Dampior can apiwar to much better advantage than ho did last night, and wo know that be was under physical difficulties, owing to illness, and make allowances. Miss Rose Dampier was heavily haudicapped with the role of Ophelia, and was only seen to real advantage in tho mad scene, which she enacted with feeling. Miss Julia Merton rondo a physically exuberant Queen Gertrude, and that long-dated Shaksperian actor, Mr. F. C. Apploton, bad tho part of Claudius tho Kin;;, while Mr. E. Hoi 10 way came on as a substantial ghost. A description of tho various Ghosts in ' Hamlet' in their habit as they stalked would till a volume. Some Imo come up through the floor like -Mophistopheles, some through the masonry of thu cattle walls, supornaturally transparent, and some have tramped hard by the footpaths. Mr. Lachlan McGowan was a by no means bad Pulonius, and deserves our gratitude for not making the aged Lord Chamberlain a doddering old fool, as so many do. Tho time when Hamlet fails in good breeding is when ho twits Polonius with his aj;e and infirmities, although, sooth to say, ho will not let tho players do it. 'See that you mock him not.' Polonius is not a dotard, though garrulous tedious, and occasionally wautinx in tact. Mr. Alfred Rolfo as Laertw. Mr. W. H. Smith as Horatio, Mr. Esmelton as Rosen cranz, and .Mr. E. Dugcan as Guildenstcrn acquitted themselves right gracefully and manfully. Tho First Gruvcdipgor, with his dry, grisly humour, found an excellent exponent in Mr. Hullcr, and the balance of the company filled up tho bill sufficiently. The piece was satisfactorily staged, and the audience testified satisfaction by frequent applause. Mr. Darnpior finished his season with credit to his company and comfort in his coffer*. 