A West African Tragedy. Mr District Commissioner Howard ruled a wild region of swamp and forest, lying between the British Colony of the Gold Coast and the Kingdom. of Ashanti, in the name of the White Queen. His territory lay west of the muddy Volta River, and there he suffered much from heat and fever, did his best to put down cannibalism and human sacrifice, which things are by no means uncommon in that land; and anlministered justice to many thousands of naked " bushmen," over whom he held power of life and death. One stifling December day he sat in the wide hall beneath the residency; his house, like most others in that anhealthy region, was raised on piles to escape the worst of the miasma, for if a white man sleeps upon the gronnd level in West Africa he generally dies swiftly and suddenly. Green persianos shut out the fierce sun.glare but not the heat, and the air that entered the room was like the breath of a furnace and foul with the odours of putrescent river mud and rotting vegeta tion. The Commissioner leaned feebly up on his desk, for he was weak with fever, and groaned as he surveyed the lines of black faces before him, all either waiting trial for wife-stealing, midnight murder, and horrid rites in honour of the Ju-Jn devils, or bringing disputes which would have tried the wisdom of Solomon, for his decision. A guard of Hanssa -soldiers-black slohammedans with Arab blood in their veins from the far north-were ranged along the wa'l, their Sniders in their hands, and presently two more entered by the.open door, leading forward a tall negro, handcuffed between them. Com missioner Howard br.naldei .-wil papers..-4',e i?u 'tebred his desk, for the \- ~isoner wore the crimson fez and the serge uniform of the Frontier- Con stabulary, and in the swarthy features and soldierly figure he recognised a Hanssa who had once served in his own company. i Come in peace," he said, speaking in the quaint tongue of the north, with its traces of Arab idiom ; "but what is this, Sergeant Shaillu ?7 " I am no longer a server of the White Queen, but a prisoner who waits his sentence," was the steady answer, and the Commissioner tore open a long olne envelope and read a message from his friend, who without jurisdiction held an outpost on the Dahomey frontier, end ing: "This man incited his comrades to raid a village under French protec tion, which;'they did and slow the head man. The French officers are furious, and demand satisfaction. I am afraid you must hang him. Here follows sworn testimony." Commissioner Howard flung the papers down and turned towards the blackesoldier " The book (African term for letter) says youn have shed blood when there was no war, and that you must-hang," he said, sharply, and the Haussa looked him straight in the eyes as he answered " The words are true, but there was good reason, and there was once a day upon the Kanun river when we turned back the Shanti heathen, and the officer man was sick and wounded." "I do not forget; Ihere was also a Hanssa sergeant who saved his officer's life. Speak on-it may be there is .mercy," said the white man. The prisoner drew himself up, and looking round him proudly, replied : "I am a Mussulman and of a race of soldiers. I was once a sergeant in the service of the White Queen, and I do not speak for the ears of the naked heathen ; also, the story is long and sad." Asharporder was given ; the Heuseas removed both prisoners nod pleaders, and at the stern bidding, " Speak now, and see that the words are true," Sergeant Shailln told his story " As the officer knows," he said, "I served the Government in the swamps, beyond the Volta, under the orders of the Lieutenant man Enright, besides the . Gila river. For a while all went well, for the white man lay sick with foeer, and I, Sergeant Shaillu, ruled the district in his stead. There are those who speak of presents of oil and ivory, mbt their words are false, and there was no favour shown. Then trouble again, for there was a woman dwelt across tihe Gila river, in the land where the white men rule who speak another tongue (French settlements in Dahomey). She was tall and straight, and her face was light in colour like the women of the north, and her eyes were the colour of the white men's, unlike the women of the bushmen, who are ugly as the wood devils." The Commissioner nodded; he knew the blood of the early Dutch settlers still flowed in the veins of many of the Fantis. "I would have bought her for my wife, for the Lieutenant man agreed, hut her father, who is a worshipper of the ' ,Ju-Ju 'dvils, and an accursed heathen, laughed me to scorn, and would have sold her to the headman of the village, but that the latter haggled over the oil to be paid." " So ce met secretly by night besidec thes 'Jn-Jn' ford of the Gila river, l where few but Fetich priests dare to s lass, and the girl trembled, for it was a very evil place. The nwamp lay all s round, the dark forest rose from the v water like a wall, and many a tinro as It lay among the trees --for it was death c to go by night among the Dahomey v heathen-watching the firellies which the bushmen say are lost souls, and f listening to the song of the river, It hoard the wood devils moaning in the a forert, andIthe rash of the wings of a Amalaku breathing the pestilence upon he palms." (This is generally believod ',y coast tribes.) ""Twice a wandering bushman fired it me, taking me for an evil ghost, but he potleg went wide, and so we met and 'lked nightly by the lonely ford. tfterwards, 1 might not pass the river or fear of the Dahomey- people who lay n wait to rob the oil-carriers as the canoes went by, and the girl crossed the ;ord to the nearest side. "One night she came, and her voice was thick with sobs, for the headman would not pay the price her father asked, and for fear of him and the 'Jan-J priests the old man gave orders that she should be sent away into the forests of that land of darkness and black magic, bhe kingdom of Dahomey, and we should meet no more. Then my heart sank within me, and I was mad -with rage, while I considered the matter whether I might carry her off even then. But the thing might not be, for the villagers would make complaint to the white men, and these demanding justice of the Lieutenant she must be given up. A man could reach 'the far-off Haussa land on the fringe of the desert, but no woman might pass through the country of the dwarfs-(there are a dwarf people about 4 feet high dwelling somewhere north of Gold Coast)-and it was death to venture into the hands of the Da homey chiefs. But I told her not of my sorrow, but cheered her with pleasant words though my heart burned -within me, and we walked beneath the palms until the morning mists lifted at the break of day. " She might come but once more," she said, and I swore by the board of the Prophet that there should be a way of escape, or I would slay the headman with my own hand; and when she crossed the misty ford the bitterness of death was in my heart. " It came about that the next night I lay beneath the rustling palms, watching the fireflies glimmer, with the sound of the river filling my ears, but my blood was hot like the fire of the pit ; there was a mist before my eyes, and strange fancies flitted before me. The "wood devils sighed across the palms, for one may hear them in the forests of the coast, but the magic of tire heathen may not hurt the true believer, and I clutched the rifle-stock" the-tighter and counted the ammunition in my 'belti-ten yrounds -and everyone held a man's life. In each puff of hot wind the evil spirits mocked me as a coward, for had I not sworn to carry the girl off or slay the headman and there was no way it might be done? Also, the oath lay heavy on my soul, and I know that I should-see the girl no more. " So I lay as one possessed of devils, thinking many evil things, and tearing at the ground, while in the talking- of the river I heard the voice of Amalako, tibe water god of the heathen, whispering, that 1 should slav her and.ooxrsfitljiie..r. But the Sheiks of the des e: crhe come south of the land of the fhseassa say that El Koran teaches that whose loses his soul for a woman shall be cast into the fire of the pit, so I shuddered and was afraid. " Slowly the hours passed, and the girl came not until the day broke and the shadows tied before the coming day. Then there was a sound of sing ing, and a voice clear -as the bells of Cristensberg, where the Governor dwells and sweet as the tinkle of streams in the northern sand, rose above the palms A voice which stirred my heart called ' Shailln, Shailln,' and, rising to my feet, I saw my love stanaing beside the ford. Then she splashed through the shallow where the stream ripples sharply over the sand, and presently came towards me across the misty ford, the yellow waters ripp'ing from ankle to knee, sad knee to waist. "The c'ear song swelled across the river, and there was a smile upon her face, and brightness in her eyes, as of one bearing cheerful tidings. Some thing rustled in the bush, and I, a forest soldier, should have known the sound; but when a man's heart is bound up in a woman he heeds little, and I stood like one stricken into sleep, with my eyes upon her face. -" Shaillu, Shailla, she cried, ' these are tidings,' and my heart trembled with fear, for the wi°ieid -' Ju-Jo ' man, the priest of the Fetich idevils, stood beside the ford, though the girl saw him not, and lie raised the long- flintlock gun of the heathen, being doubtless bribed by the headman to destroy me. - While I thrust a cartridge into the chamber of the Snider my hands trembled and the breech-block would not close, for I saw that the girl stood wondering between. Even as my barrel went up, the gun flashed, and with a wild scream she fell forward into the river, and the yellow water closed over'the faIe I loved. I droplped the rifle, and springing into the mnddy water, caught the white dress as it floated down- stream,'asnd bore her dripping to the-bank. " F'r a time shd lay in my arms, the red blood welling Trom. a wound in her breast;-and then-the-heavy lids opened, andaher ayes looked"long-into mine. ' Shaillu,' she murmured once, and then her head fell forward, and the soul of my love'went from-her. " Laying the body down, I seized the Snider,- and- with her life-blood still warmi upon my hands, passed the ford and followed close upon the trail of the murderer. The ' Ju-Ju' man had a start, andran well, for he knew that all tihe magic of the heathen could not save hirm from the fate that followed fast, and the string of charms rattled upon his shrivelled chest as he went. The men of the north run fast, and heedless of stabhing thIrn or matted creeper, I burst thrrongi the forest, hobut a Snider ball flies faster still, and the Government cartridge bites hard. Yet he died not when hIe fell, nor till I had heard enough to know that the headman had bribed him to slayt me; then the 8nider bolt crushed his skull, and I threw him to he alligators which lurk among the mangrovo roots. "That night, while thebo Liucatenant laughed and talked foolishly, for the rand of the fever was upon him, I and our comrades crossed the silent ford, earing the body of the dead girl with us. Creeping into the Daehomey illhgo like ghosts, we smote upon the oor of tIb hcodman's hut with the nider butts. WVhen he camoe forth he w rme, and would hIave fled, though 0 was tall and strong of limb, hobut I lew him with my narked Ihands, and rhen his life went out beneath tulyr ghteoning lingers ws throw the uncleano rcoso bhack into the hot, and burned it ith fire. " Then thie greater partof the lheathloen ed, but the father of the girl, with her rothers and n band of armed men, enood fast, and we marched up the veonuo with the body on our shoulders and the Soiders in: our hands until wr stood before them. Then I spdkdi My love is dead. The 'Ju-Ju' man slew her. Take the body and bury it alter the manner of her own people. The ' Ju-Ju' man is slain,.and the salli gators even now tear hinilliihb ronilimb; The headman is dead also, and is burned with fire. Her blood is arenged, and we go in peace.' "Then the old man wept, :for ho loved his daughter, though he would have sold her in marriage, nad he said : "There was a quarrel between us, but that is gone. Go in peace and forget.'. " So we came back through the night, and when the Lieutenant -rose from-his sickness I told him the-etoryseven'as it happened, hiding nothing, and 'he made no answer, for he also was -a soldier. Then the- villagers made com- plaint to the white 'officers of the'D -' homey coast, and these clamouring for vengeance, Lieutenant Enright sent me here a prisoner. This is the whole matter, and by the beard-of the Prophet the thing is true." Commissioner Howard gnawed- his moustache f,,r a time:in silence, then-he raised his head, and the Hanssa met his searching glausco unmoved as be- said sternly "The word of-the. White Queen -is that the shedder of blood mast die, and and by the law of the -Gold Coast you should hang; but there was provoca tion, and you served the Government well, notably that day bythe IKana river. Still; the jastice 'of the' white men is the same to all, and I may not set you free. Listen : It may be that the sentry ongunard:sleeps at-his post, and-that the lock-of the bandeaffs gives way. Souh things have happened, and a strong man armed may traverse the forests' of the hinterland. There are also maize; kolanunts; and'tobacco in the un'ocked store. "And now, Sergeant Shailla, I shall see your face no more, therefore go in peace." The prisoner raised his'head and his eyes were bright. "The. Haussa land is a pleasant one," he said. " Beyond the fever swamps and the forests of the heathen there is a dry country of rustling. grass, where is neither fever nor pestilence. There are many palms and much wealth of horse and cattle. The blue smoke of the fire hangs over the villages at sunets, and there is no stockade, for the Haussas are sol liers' people, and neither the Arabs of the north nor the heathen from the south dare' cross its boarders. Some day the- white man will come, and the bearer of this, the token of Amrad Shaillu, will find a we'come there." An amulet of gold graven in mystic characters, fell opos the- desk, and the Commissioner eaid quickly,..- Jv"o in` peace;" then ,ahnink- i voice, called in thi.- gu- ard, saying, " Take that man "J1ay and make him fast." Early next morning one came ronning breathless to say thitSBiShilln bad broken prison-and wa-r gone, and a rifle'was also missing from the arm-rack. When, a few weeks later, Lieutenant Enright re ceived a letter from the Commissioner ending, "I reget to inform you that Shaillo, your prisoner, escaped-he-was evidently a determined rnffian," he smote the table so that the glasses jingled, and there was satisfaction in his face. 