CHAPTER HI. THE SCENT IiIES. Talking of Lexie Desailly and her fate, in which the one had become as much in terested as the other, Mr and Mrs Wingate found their way almost unconsciously to the gates through which they had gazed, a few hours earlier, at what they supposed to be her home. It was now invisible amongst the distant shades, bnt half a mile of the green ride lay far beneath the moon, look ing like a lawn for elves to dance on. Nettie held two of the great bars in her little hands, and peered between them wistfully. Billy's eyes, over the top of her head, searched the night with equal eagerness. The Chase was laying a spell nponthem both. The young lodge-keeper. heard them talking, and came out to reconnoitre. Wingate accosted him, asking leave to enter the enclosure. The request was at once granted to an old friend of the j squire's, who was exhorted to take his own time, and return when it pleased him. The man had some bnsiness of his own on i hand, which would keep him hp for an hour or two, and was willing to wait upon 1 the strangers' pleasure. " We shall have time, then, to get a peep j at the house," Nettie joyfully exclaimed. She was " dying," as she called it, for that satisfaction. "Perhaps, if we look Bharp," said Billy. " But the length of this avenue, is about three times what it looks." ' And they set off to walk it at a swinging j pace, keeping the middle of the grass, to be as far as possible from the black shadows of the woods on either side. Nettie held tight to her stalwart husband's hand, and | after a little only spoke in low tones, glanc ing hither and thither in a fartive way, vnm*iB on/9 nfjirb • fnr the . with occasional jumps and starts ; for the I sense of mystery was upon her—delightful certainly, enchantingly English, bnt a little uncanny, all the same. Bashes to right and left rustled as they passed ; twigs snapped; owls went by with no sonnd of wings, phantom-like; coaching forms of deer arose, loomed for a moment, and disappeared. These latter were the most romantic feature of The Chase to her Australian mind, bnt an antlered buck in twilight, showing himself unexpectedly and merely as something alive and large, brings, as she expressed it, one's heart in to one's month. The spectacle of the old mansion, when they reached the inner enclosure of garden ] surrounding it, enhanced this sense of j phantasmal things, the general awesome aees of the expedition and the honr. It was indeed the ideal haunted house. Nettie said she had seen the very " moral" ! of It, underthat title, in an old volume of the " Illustrated Iiondon News." Ivy cloaked embattled walls and bung ragged wreaths from projections of ornamental stonework; towers and chimney-stacks rose majestic from the mass, cutting large blocks ont of the pellucid sky. Moss and weeds showed clear in the chinks of the flagged terraces, and nnpraned growths f from the once trim parterres overran the pillared balustrades and short flights of shallow steps leading from one level to another. A rusty gate hong awry on a broken hinge; gravel paths -were all bnt obliterated; storm - strewn twigs and. branches of trees lay where the wind had tossed them, bedded in rank grass, and over all this desolation the broad windows gazed blankly, from under their stone brows, like open eyes of the dead. ! " What a change!" Wingate muttered, in an awed voice; " oh, what a change! I cannot understand it. For the boy's sake, if not for his own—for common.decency's sake—he might have kept such a beautiful place from going to rack and rain like this! He doesn't deserve to own it. Well, I.don't think we'll try to make a home here, sweetheart." " Oh, no !" whispered Nettie, shivering | within the arm he had thrown around her. Nevertheless, he looked about him with a keen bnsiness eye, trying to measure the extent of the dilapidation, and what it would cost to put the place in habitable repair. And while thus engaged, detached for the moment from the sentiment of the scene, Nettie startled him with a sudden cry and a clutch upon his arm. In an instant she was withinlthe rampart of that arm, as behind a padlocked door. ■" Hullo !" he cried; "what's the mat- j ter ?" 1 " Look!" she gasped. " Oh, look!" He looked hurriedly hither and thither, not knowing what she meant. "Hey? Where? I don't see any thing." " It's gone," she said, in the same dry throated whisper. " Bnt I saw it quite plainly—in that great window—the one hanging ont on the wall up there." " Saw what, child ? Oh, this is getting on your nerves !'* " Billy, yon may disbelieve me if you I like, bnt 1 did Bee it—a light like a candle —in that window at the end of the wing. Watch, perhaps we shall see it again." They stared steadily for several minutes, and saw no light 'except the moonlight, which was very clear and bright. In the j silence they heard rustlings in the bushes i near them, and above all other noises, the thumping of their hearts. "That,"said Billy, in a low voice, ' the wing where Lexie lived. The big win dow belongs to what used to be her bed room—a great room, that was three parts sitting-room, one of the finest in the house. If yon really saw a candle in it, of course some one must be there. But they cer tainly told me it-was all shut up." As be spoke they simultaneously de tected a figure gliding across a moon lighted corner of the terrace beneath the window. It was such a shadow of a figure, and came and went so swiftly, that they I barely identified it as bnman,and were un able to distinguish sex. Nettie smothered a shriek in her husband's breast. " I say, this looks very suspicious," he exclaimed excitedly, while trying to soothe her alarm. " There are some little games going on that the authorities don't know anything about, evidently. Poachers— burglars-somebody taking advantage of the empty house for unlawful purposes." " Oh, Billy, come away, come away! They might see us, and yea are unarmed, and we are so far from help!" " -Nonsense, pet! Don't be a little goose. Well, we'll go at once, dear—only just let me run up and see where that fellow went to, first. It would be cowardly to leave them to do no one knows what mischief, and not lift a hand to prevent it. Yon stay here in shelter, and I'll be back in two minntes." But Nettie, mustering a fair stock of native courage, declared that if he must go on such an errand, she would go too. Never would she be separated from her hnsband, whatever happened. They would die together, if need were. Wingate would have preferred to make a sortie by himself—it would have been the sooner over, and he could have dealt sum marily with any difficulty encountered; the presence of his wife made an irksome caution necessary. However, her wish was law; and he lifted her over the meted gate upon which they had been leaning, and set her little feet upon a path that led, by two flights of massive steps, to the ter race under the wing that had been Lexic a private dwellingj and the window in which Nettie had seen the light. Here they pro ceeded softly, the man holding his com panion behind him with a ^firm grip, and keeping one eye on the window and the other on the bushes to right and left, until they reached the moonlit corner where the figure had been seen. Here Billy stopped and pounced upon something that lay coiled on the weedy pavement under the shadow of the balustrade like one of his native snakes. He pulled it out into the light, and lo, a rope of many fathoms, new and strong, with along thin cord attached to it, weighted at the end—similar to the tackle with which ships make fast to tug or wharf, but of inferior weight and quality., " Burglars, of course," he remarked, de lighted with his find. "Some of them must have got in, and others are outside; every window on the ground floor is barred like a prison, so I Buppose they are hauling themselves into that upper one with the rope. But how the dickens did the first one get through ? It projects so far from the walls that the , ivy wouldn't, help. They must have got, the line over something, but I can't see what. 1 And the casements axe shut. There are ] two, in the lower part, opening like doorB. : Bexie loved to have them open; ehe was | so fond of fresh air ! By the way, there's the door of the little staircase that they Bay she eloped by; is* that shut, I wonder ?" It was—hard and fast. And, when he ran half round the house, and ran back, before Nettie had time to feel deserted he found all the doors and windows wearing the same impenetrable look. And no sign of life was visible, nor further trace of the supposed marauders, In spite of which, common prudence dictated a retreat under the circumstances. " If I were alone," said Billy," I'd get to the bottom of this, but I can't expose yon to the tender mercies of a' burglar at bay. Thebesttbingtobedoneistogetyou safe to the inn, and then come back with men I can muster, and thoroughly search the place. We will take the rascals* rope with us, at any rate, and trust they haven't got another." He quickly made a coil of the rope aud slung it over .shoulder. ■ With the other arm he embraced his wife and pro pelled her homeward. . Along the cracked and weedy flags, down the moss-grown steps, through the wilderness of a garden they scnrried, as if themselves detected housebreakers; and neither of them en joyed the romance of the situation iif the least. Bright as the moon was, their path to the rusty gate, through the rank, 'dank shrubberies, was a more fearsome passage that before; and when, at a spot where the branches closed above their heads, they heard a rustle and a movement as of some creature tracking them, Nettie's heart failed her, and she screamed aloud. Billy thereupon dropped his load of rope, clasped his wife to h'a breast, planted his feet firmly, and glared from side to side. "Who's thers ?" he called Bharply. No answer. No sonnd. They listened with all their tingling ears, but heard nothing. " A rabbit, or a bird, or perhaps one of the deer out of the woods," he murmured soothingly. " Why, child, what's "come to you?" But hiB own voice was a trifle unsteady. Eager to stand and face any danger that he could see, this shadow business un nerved him. _ ' A. mile ill twenty minutes was their rate of travel down the long chase to the lodge, aud the little star that was Abel Bowe|s parlour lamp, on which they kept their eyes fixed Bteadily all the way, was a great comfort to them. The young keeper came oat to meet them, and speaking both at once and rather breathlessly, they poured the Btoiy of their adventnre into his ears. He received it without visible surprise or concern, and did not agree with Mr Win gate that a midnight expedition was neces sary. " Oh, yon saw that light in the window!" he exclaimed, with much gravity. " I was wondering whether you would. I was out the other night, looking at some traps, and saw it myself s and several other people have seen it. The conclusion they've come to is that the old house is haunted, sir. I -don't hold with ghosts myself, hut that's the common view." " Haunted be blowed 1" was Wingate'a rude rejoinder; and be showed the rope, which was mysterious without being super natural, and described how they had seen a man "scoot" round a corner of the house. " Beside," said he, " if ghosts were allowed to carry matches and candles, they'd burn the places down." " I suppose there are ghests of lights as well as ghosts of people, if there are ghosts at all," argued Abel Howe. " Be that as it may, no mortal hand lit that light you saw, sir. if it was in the big window of the west wing you saw it. Because why? The day after it was first seen, Mr Blackett and a whole poste of people, thinking jnst as yon do that burglars were in the house, went in and all over it, and tried every lock and bolt, and thoroughly ransacked the whole place; and they proved that no body could possibly have been there. Especially in that room were the window is; that was locked np tighter than any. Sir Walter doesn't like to have people pry ing there. It used to be his wife's room." "There must be a hiding-place in it,'" said Wingate. " There is not, sir, begging your pardon. Every bit of wall and floor was tapped and ! tested 5 some of the boards were ripped np. Mr Blackett satisfied himself that there was no hiding-place." « Then they had got out of the window I with the rope in the meantime." " No, sir; for the casements were found fastened on the inside." " Well, hut here's the" rape to speak for itself. It was lying close under the window. It is quits new—just out of the shop—no doubt bought on purpose. What do you suppose it was doing there ? And the fellow we saw running ? Must he be a ghost too ?" " 1 can't account for him, nor for the I rope," Mr Bowe admitted, fingering the latter in an abstracted way. " I thought nobody cared to go near the place, of a night, since there's been this talk of the ghOBt in the window. I'll see Mr Blackett about it in the morning— " I will see him also," broke in Wingate, with a significant glance at his wife. "And I will keep the rope, if yon please. It is my evidence, yoh see. I intend to sift this thing to the bottom, ghost and all." (To he Continued ) ' 