A Dramatic Incident. She had caught the pink bow on her shoulder in the wicker of the chair, and torn its fastening. ‘ Can 1 help ? ’ he asked. I 4 Can you piu?’ i 1 Perfectly.’ Iio was told to fetch her work-basket from the drawing-room, and, on his return, knelt beside her as she adjusted the ribbon. ‘ You must take your hands away,” he said, 1 or I shad pin them there.* Sho folded them resignedly in her lap, but turned her head with saucy distrustfulness to observe his operations. 4 It should be sewn,’ lie suggested. 4 Can you sew ? ’ 4 Better than I can pin,’ She opened the basket again, aud, threading a needle, handed it up to him. * It will be easier if you stand.' She held out her hand for asM.-tunce, and. as she raised her>elf, the light cloak slipped back from hersliouluersinto the chair. . ' He got through it gracefully enough, with out the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when v»-ve?iUng with a needle ; and, if his labor \v;u somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may net have been bo much to blame as he averred. ‘ What is the wage V he inquired, as lie cut the thread. 4 What do you suggest V A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to kiss her shoulder, ller lingers had rested there by accident for an instant, throwing a flash of color, like a shaken flag, over the deli cate skin ; but lie was wiser thau that. He 4 I will leave you in my debt.’ Perhaps she read the conflict in his face—it was to be seen there—and rerentimr. as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in her eyes : 11 only bargain for ready money.’ Still unsteady from his own struggle, he re turned her ambiguous glance with such interest that partly fiom excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force him into cau tion, she flipped lightly at tile needlepoint which he was holding between his teeth, say 1 You shouldn’t put pins in your mouth/ He started hack suddenly, and then, with a gulp and a flash of terror in his face, threw himself across a chair, head downwards, coughing violently. When he raised himself stiflly she was white as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say : wnat was it: 1 The needle.’ 4 You didn't swallow it?’ lie began to recover himself, and to remem ber he must have looked foolish ; his face was nearly as, pale as hers, but he laughed as ho said— “ I’m afraid it’s lost to you or ever,” “Will it kill you?'’ He thought she was going to faint, she was so deathly white, and for the moment ho did not care what happened to her; he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly faahion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily— “Isn’t there a doctor I could see?*’ She was crying like a girl, but just steadied her voice to say the carnage would be then at the door and they could drive down to the nearest physician’*. She only spoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and said in heart- broken fashion—“Salt, 1 am so sorry.4’ “It doesn’t matter,” he replied, not over gently: “what is it V” He hardly knew what he said—lie was specu lating on the whereabouts of the needle. Ho expected every moment to begin to die, and, in spite of his words, that did seem a-matter of the most importance. Cherry voices from the street-door gave her quite a revulsion of joy. ‘That’ll be all right,’ she heard; * wad it well and He low.’ A double 4 Good-night,’ the door slammed, and Pedely was taking his seat beside her; ho gave the word for home, leant back and laughed. ‘ Seems to be the wholesomost thing in the world; whole.meal and butter-milk not in it; I can’t eat enough; number rain^s and new I bread, with porridge to folfow. Thimble-cup, I suppose, to wash it down. ‘The sequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast. -From ‘ Rust oi Uoia ' by Francis Jrrovost, 