MISSIONARY MEETING. (Continued from last issue.) The Rev. H. Worrall, from Fiji, who was received with much applause said : — Mr.Peesident, Fathers, Brethren, Friends. — It is to me a j- y unspeakable to stand on this platform iti this grand cathedral of Methodism, and to meet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the alone Head and Kins; of our great Missionary Church. Ib is eleven years since I was ordained at Stanmore and set apart for mission work in Fiji. There are, brethren, few of us upon whom the lant eleven years have not set their mark, few circles, domestic or ecclesiastic from which those eleven years have not taken away that which can never be replaced or recalled. The home coming ot' a missionary is not all jny, brethren. There is in my heart to-ni^ht a deep undertone of sorrow, you may guess the reason, and yet 1 who know it and feel it most *ay, ' The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken away, Blessed be th* name of the Lord.' I, brethren, look in vain on this multitude of faces for some whom I once venerated. The old grey heads of eleven years ago, how many of them have disappear*- d ! They were men whose hearts had often trembled for the ark of our Grod, wIiobh voices often thundered warnings in our ear 8 or whispered words of love and comfort. The ark of the Lord however, is still with us, and brethren, while battle-axe and shield remain to us, so shall it be kept inviolate. What the Lord did' in the days of our fathers, He is doing now, preaching His word, the word of life. Through u» He is pulling down the strongholds of Satan, both he^e and yonder in that va*t field of Polynesia, where our missionaries have won, and are still winning kingdoms for our Q-od and His Ciirift. I miss the faces of the venerable men whose names in my childhood were household words — names to conjure with. That veteran missionary who in the cruel days of yore, in historic old Jiewa, with a sublime fi-ieliiy to the cause of Christ fact-d the savage warriors of the Rewa delta, who suffered for Christ the loss of all things, the burning of his home, the plunder of his property, the peril to wife and little ones — let me say that; 1 miss old William Moore to-night.' You will be glad to know that there linger still at K-ewa, grey-haired old men aud women wh ee eyes gleam whenever one mentions the name of Misi Moa. I know little of his ministry in this colony, but 1 do know that in Fiji he was a prince among native preachers. He was a friend in the home, a veritable lion in the fight. I miss, too, the high, broad brow that dominaitd the thin and wrinkled face of ray 'Id theological tutor, Joseph Horner Fletcher. Of bim I shall eay little, for who of us has passed through his hands without having his conception of the Christian ministry enlarged — ah! even glorified ? And, O ye Methodists! is there no pang in your hearts when you, with me, pau«e and think that never more on this earth shall ye hear the clariou voice and the masterly oratory of William Kely nack — a man whose rare gifts consecrated to the sacred advocacy of Foreign Mis sions helped the eauBe in many a day of need ? Thus, Brethren, with a deep hunger in our hearts we meet, confront each other and say ' O ! for the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that is still.' Let: me at the outset of this address say that I shall not in any way attempt to convince you as to the duty aud necessity of sending the Gospel to the heathen. I thank G-od that the day has gone, and gone for ever, when it was necessary to use arguments to convince men that this Foreiga Mission work is of God. My purpose is to persuade you, to excite you, to stimulate you to more self-sacrificing and heroic en deavour. I would to God that a more profound Christian sympathy might be created here and now in the heart of this great assembly-— a more genial love tor the men and women who toil in your broad mission fields, a more accurate comprehension ot of what is essential to the promulgation of the Gospel, the mental and spiritual growth ot the people God has given you, aud the future glory of your great Missionary Church with its tens of thousands of adherents. I want to know before I return to Fiji that there is a coutagion of missionary zeal and sympathy running electrically through thsse Australian colonies. 1 want you to give me a grand message to deliver to the 95,000 Methodists in Fiji. Shall I go back and. tell them how in this great convocation of Methodism you sympathy was re-kindled and your zeal for perishing humauitv was sec on fire by the H dy Ghost ? £e believe in the Holy Ghost, do ye not ? You know that Methodism can'i live without the Holy Ghost, do you not? You were never in more dire need of the Divine energy than now. You are answering these questions in the affirmative, are you not? Do you know of any service, of any time, in connec tion with the sessions and business of this great Conference when the renewal of Divine power would be more timely, more welcome than at this solemn hour, when you, fathers, brethren, and friends from all parts of New South W. lee, and we three missionaries from the sea-girt lauds of Fiji, New Britain, and New Guinea, grasp hands and look towards heaven in a glow of Bacred and solemn expectancy ? Brethren, we glory in our Methodism in itB past, its present, and its possible future, but there is no man of us who has yet formed an adequate conception of the possibilities that lie within this Church. The mechanism of the Church is strong, beautiful, and even scientific, but w« are working it at too low a pressure. 1 know something of steam engines, and I must tell you that the low pressure type is out of date. Whenever in the mechanical world men wish to econo mise, to conserve power, and to use it, they build engines which are compound, or triple expansion, or quadruple. Now our Church is a quadruple engine , and if you would, work it economically, powerfully , grandly, you must increase the pressure. Scientific men would laugu at you if you attempted to drive quadruple engines with the baby pres sure of 20 pounds to the square inch. What we most want aud what we musi have is a quadrupled pressure. If Cnristianity is anything, it is a m racuious power, a power sent from God. The advent of Christianity was signalized by the accompaniment and accomplishment ol miracles. It is an old Gospel our Church preaches but it must be ever new. We who call ourselves the ministers of Christ must to-day work the works of Him who Bent us. The miracles of eighteen hundred years ago will not alone satisfy men anymore than yesterday's sunlight will compensate them for the loss of sunbeams to-day. To me, the miracles performed at the gates of Jerusalem nearly two thousand years ago are grand as historic buttresses but, in common with you all, cry out tor a miracle-working Gospel to-day. Now, your Foreign Missionary enter p ise in a verv singular and real manner xi.pplif-s the Church with this element. On the dusty roads of Judea the startled multitudes gazed in wonder at the Christ opening the eyes of the blind, cleansing the lepers, sending the music of his voice into deaf men's ears, raising the dead. But there are men here, who have seen grander works than these^ I am not speaking rashlv, and you must not think so, this economy of grace is a progressive evolution. Have you never pondered over the Master's words The works that I do shall ye do also, and greater works than these shall ye do because I go unto My Father.' Think my brethren of what Christianity had to face in Fiji thirty, forty, sixty years ago. Surely the great Adversary of souls could not have desired to set before Christianity a stronger and more maliiinant force than that which your pioneer missionaries confronted in cannibal Fiji. Into this vast arrena of battle, of murder, of moral and mental fill h, of superstition, ot beastly ritep, and bloody cannibalism, of horrid and and unnameable vice and devilry, Christianity entered, holding high above all other things the Gospel of Jesus which is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth. On the 11th October, 1835, the schooner Blackbird lay off the island of Lakeba. On board that boat were two men and two women with their little children, waiting the dawn of that solemn morning from which are dated some of the most marvellous events that have taken place since apostolic times. It was therefore, the 12th October, 1835, when these Methodist pioneers commenced that supreme battle with the sins and passions of F ji's warriors — a great spiritual contest which as we now know is second to none th.vt the sun or stars ever looked down upon. There are those who say that it is little short of a crime for the Church to send women and little children to dwell in the midst of heathen darkness and heathen atrocities. Such men how ever do not know what they are talking about. Think, ye brethren, that Christ, . when he gave his command to men to preach His Gospel to all nations wished to exclude from this great mission the sublimest human force the world has ever known, viz., that of pure and con secrated womanhood. In Fiji, great things have been accomplished through the pulpit, through theology, through organization, but :n the history of Fiji, .the most effectual platform from which the Gospel has been preached is that of a Christian home. On the threshold of our mission houses, the savages stood and saw what they had never seen before, the pure love of man for womau. It was here they saw the Christian mother's love for her child, in times of sickness, sorrow, and death, and the sight was a revelation of God, who, as Father and Mother broods over His children. Thank God for the work which the jwives of your missionaries have accomplished. We who have sem I i' , and known it can tell you that in the | iight of suffering,' of self-sacrifice, it is deeper, higher, more heroic, than all we men ever did for the glory of the kingdom. Kemember friends that at the crucifixion the blood of the man J-sus Chriat mingled with the tears of the saintly women who stood at the foot of the cross. Thus has it ever been, and thus must it ever be in the history of your grandest missions, your men must give their blood and your women, their prayers, and their tears. . The speaker then rapidly touched upon the prime factors of the work of the mission in Fij'. He gave statistics shewing that in Fiji we had a great Church of 95,000 adherents, 37,000 church members, 37,000 day school scholars, 1100 village pastors, etc. During the last ten years Fiji had probably sent into foreign fields more missionaries (native ministers) than any other country we knew of. The entire educational work of theFijian group was conducted by our mission, and not a single threepence was received from the Government, or from any other outside source. The question was sometimes asked: — ' Is the Christianity you missionaries produce in Fiji analogous to the Chris tianity of English communities ?' Mr. Worrall replied, 'The Christianity of Fiji is what all Christianity is — the out pouring of the Divine Spirit, the mani- ; festation of a spiritual energy turning men from darkness into light, from the power of Satan unto God.' Then he gave a thrilling description of the life and death of an old teacher of the province of Nadroga, who for thirty four years had worn ' the wbite-flower of a blameless life.' This man's dying testimony as related by the speaker thrilled the hearts of all present, and lifted the great audience to the highest point of missionary enthusiasm. There were, said Mr. Worrall, men who visited the mission fields who had no sympathy with the missionary and who wrote books in which mission work was belittled and slandered. Amongst other things it has been said that missionaries possessed large portions of the most valuable land in the islands, etc. I must ad n it, said Mr. Worrall that there are missionaries in Fiji who possess land — small lota scattered round every mission station — land measuring sHven feet by three, the ground in which slumbered their dead wives and children. This was the land and the only laud, possessed by any missionary in Fiji. In conclusion, the speaker urged his hearers to make a nobler, a more daring, and a more heroic attempt to pluck heathen men from the grip of the devil. The Church that nestled closest to the heart of the Master was the Church that loved most, and the Church that - loved most would dare most and would conquer most. ?? He told of a great assembly of mountain tribes which took place in June last in the heart of Navitileon, during which the school children sang the National Anthem, and as they sang, the crowd stood up, the men uncovering their heads in honour of the great white queen whom we all have reason- to honour. God save our Queen. Heathenism is humanity, humanity in its babyhood, drifting, sinking hope lessly, and there is no possibility . of salvation for them but through the Cross of the Redeemer. REV. J. T. FIEI/D. The Rev. J. T. Field, from New Guinea, after reference to some of the | Rev. H. Worrall's remarks about the splendid service rendered by the Fijian, Samoan and Tongan men and women who have gone to New G-uinea to preach Christ to the heathen in that land, ? stated that he desired to express the thanks of his fellow-workers and to ackowledge their indebtedness to the Lieutenant-Governor, Sir William Mac gregor, for tbe great assistance which he has ever been ready to render them in aiding them to carry on the work of the mission in New Guinea. He thanked God that they were lab ouring under the old flag, and only thoy who had laboured under any other knew what that meant. He wished to bring before them a few facts in connection with their work. When they went to New Guinea, they found, as Sir William Maegregor stated in one of his despatches, ' the people a howling pack of savages,' but now in all those places where mission stations had been established that was changed and wherever tbe influence of the mission bad extended, the people were to be found orderly and in the majority of cases law-abiding. Cannibalism, war, immorality, super stition, the practice of witchcraft, and evil in every form reigned supreme ; now mission stations were established, churches built, and numbers of the people changed, being found clothed and in their right mind. Several instances were adduced to illustrate the great change that had taken place in the hearts and lives of many heathen men and women under the influence and power of the Lord Jesus Christ and showing t His Gospel is still the power of God unto salvation of all who believe, He declared that no greater honour or privilege could be given to any man than had been bestowed upon him in being called 10 carry the glad tidings of their salvation to this people which sat in great darkness and thankpd God thai many of th--m had seen great light. The Eev. William Brown, from New Britain, said he had been engaged in mission work on the Duke of York Island, in the neighbourhood of New Britain, and could testify to the good work done by the missions there. Though the apecial services carried on there a large number of the natives bad turned from heathenism and become Christians. It was moBt gratifying that a German Methodist missionary had gone down to those islands, but the field of labour was almost untouched, for there were still many islands and thousands of people uttering the Mace donian cry 'Come over aud help us.' The resolution was then unanimously agreed to. Votes of thanks to the Board of Missions and all connected with the work of foreign missions, and to the chairman, having been passed, the pro ceedings terminated with the singing of the doxology. 