Personal. JIb. J. Harris is the "Australian Miner Evangelist/' THOMAS Bracken, the only genuine New Zealand poet, is seriously ill at Duuedin. Medwat Day is said to be receiving £200 a year as editor of the Sydney Worker. As editor of the South Australian Register he got three times that suih, but Medway is a man who works in the in terest* of democracy " for conscience sake." MB. F. W. Pennefather, who has been chosen honorary lay secretary of the approaching Lambeth Conference, is a member of the English Bar, and has a large colonial experience, having been private secretary to the Governors of South Australia and of New Zealand. "WILIIAM Prince, proprietor of a small dingy bar in the Strand, London, died last month leaving per sonal property amounting to .£400,000. He made his fortune in 30 years solely by this bar, although, unlike other public houses, it was never open on Sundays or holidays. JOSEPH IVKSS, known in New Zealand as "the ohampion rag planter," is reported to be preparing to bring out a new paper at Waitekauri, which is to be " independent, truthful and pious." Jo was in the Dunedin Democrat office recently, and struck the editor as being " the very essence of independence, piety and truth." ' Mss. Catherine A. Gawler, widow of Mr. Henry Gawler, and a daughter-in-law of Colonel Sir George Gawler, second Governor of South Australia, affects to put the view of the " new woman" on the Adelaide Hospital scandals in a series of letters to the Press, but she is a pretty old woman by this time, and no one takes much notice of her luoubrations. MRS. O. H. P. Belmont is one of a group of society women of New York who spend on olothes during the winter season at least .£6000. This does not inolude any of her other personal expenses, such as the cost of flowers, the pay of ladies' maids, money given in charity, the cost of opera and theatre boxes, and the oharges for entertainments and household maintenance. HORACE Bent was once knocked down by a cab in Castiereagh-street, Sydney, but escaped quite unin jured. Rising, he ran for four blocks in vain pursuit of the cab, which was making a hurried retreat. " You needn't be so anxious to have him arrested," said a friend when Horace gave up the pursuit; '*you're not hurt."' "I didn't want" to arrest him," replied the breathless Bent; "I only wanted to ask him what he would charge to take me to the hospital." Mbi. Charles Bright, who has a very high opinion of Paterson, the Sydney poet, says:-'. Mr. A. B. Paterson ('Banjo') has surpassed himself in his latest published poem that has just appeared in the London Sketch. It is a weird tale he tells in ' Rio Grande's Last Race,' and as horse and rider dash along, surrounded by ' dead men on horses long since dead,' who 'clustered on his traok,' the music of Raff's wonderful ' Lenore ' symphony, with its spec tral ride, and ghosts on every side, comes to mind. It is the first poem of the ' Banjo's ' that exhibits much imaginative power, and is a distinct step in advance." " SIR "William Robinson at Home " is the subject of the latest World interview to hand. Sir William has been retained by the Graphic fco write an artiole on the progress of Western Australia during the Queen's reign, as one of a series dealing with all the colonies which the proprietors propose publishing in connection with the celebration of Her Majesty's unprecedentedly prolonged reign. The World celebrity investigator says that "a distmot side of Sir William Robinson's idiosyncrasy is his talent for musio. In reality it monopolises one half of his life. The piano in his sanctum is the instrument of no dilettante. Sir William, indeed, may olaim the honour of being the author of the first native opera ever performed in Australia; while his fame as a oomposer of ballads has penetrated both hemis pheres. It has been said of him, in paraphrase of what was said of Lord Beaconsfleld, that he . is the greatest Governor who was ever a musician, and the greatest musioian who was ever a governor. Already about one hundred thousand copies of his song, 'Remember me no more,* have been sold in Australia 5 while ' Imperfeotus,' 'I love thee so,' 'Severed/ and ' Thou art my soul * are ecaroely less popular. I do not compose on the piano, says yeur host, smiling, as ha sees your eyes wandering towards tho instrument. Indeed it is not oonsidered musically oononionl to admit that one plays the soore at all. However, when I find it is of any. assistance to me, I do not scruple to play it over. I am just now putting tho finishing touches to my new opera, Tho Nutbrown Maid, which is very similar to one that.was successfully produced in Melbourne last year," ? . 