UNASHAMED COWARDS. v[ Captain Philo M'Giffiu, the American officer who commanded a Chinese battle ship in the recent war with Japan, had some curious experiences with both bia subordinates and his superiors of tb.8 native race. Most ot the common sailors under him fought well; many of the officers (ought well ; many of the officers did 'not, and his troubles with tbem began at the battle of the Yalu. in the vrpv firaf nf tha fray. ? 'I saw our navigating lieutenant, a Fuehau man — all a cowardly lot — dis- appear, pale as a ghost, from the starboard turret at the second shot,' he said in a recent interview. 'I had occasion to give him a bit of mv mind a little later. Something had gone wrong with the training engine of one of the turrets, and I was obliged to go down into the armoured place below to put it to rights. As I was getting down somebody caught hold of my legs and Cried to stop me, shouting out : ? ' ' There's no room for soy more here— you must go somewhere else to hide !' ' I looked down, and saw the navigattng officer and some half a score more crouch ing there in mortal fear. I was so mad with the navigating lieutenant that I let aim have one in the chast with my footy knocking all the wind oub of him. Tney let me go down after that, and so I was anabled to put tho engine to rights.' That was bad enough ; but still worse was the frank and utter cowardice of Com modore Lin, Captain M'Gkffin's senior officer on board the flagship. At the very beginning of the macceavres that warlike gantleman, observing the Japanese shipd temporarily drawing off,crwd out, joyfully, in English, with the -only. English oath ha knew to emphasise his words, that they were retiring ; and continued for some rime to stride up and down the bridge, *ostatically clapping his hands and shout ing, 'They retire ! They retire!' They did not retire, as he was disappointed to discover ; but Captain M'Gtiflia was fortu nately somewhat prepared by the little episode to ^ispende with assistance froin the commodore during the impending fight. Nevertheless, the batde had been for some' time in progress before he became aware of the fall effect it had produced upon poor Lin's nervous organisation. 'Every little while,' he said, ' I heard a strange noise ia the conniag-tower belowj, aie. It wa3 more like the bowling of a dog than anything else I can liken to it, and I was very curious to know what it could be. Eowever, I had not time to in quire then. But after a while I had oocasion to go down into the conning-towar, in order to fight the ship, when, to my astonishment, who should I see but my worthy captain. He was lying grovelling on his stomach, jab bering a3 'fast, as he could in 'Chinese' — - praying, in fact, praying and cursing in the 3ame breath — and every time a shot struck the ship he howled like a dog. I s^hall never forget the sight, nor the sound, as long as I live. f ' I felt inclined to kick him, although I didn't. Bat all through the engagement I knew when a shot had struck u^ by hia howls, though otherwise I was too much much taken up vviih the fight to have noticed the impact of the shots.' It would have bean scarcely to be won dered at, under the circumstances, that the Japanese were victorious, even had they not outnumbered their opponents. Cap tain M'Giffin explains the muerabla pol troonery of such officers not by racial, but by class characteristics. They joined the navy simply for the pay and the position, and never wished or expected fight j for they belonged to the rnandariu class, and - it was no part of their traditions to ba brave and manly. When they were frightened they ran, if they could ; and if they could not, allowed themselves to be aa entirely mastered by their fear as if they were little children. Mr. I. Zangwill tells the following story : — 'The fafc girl of 0. is not a myth or a show person, but a solid private reality that I have soen. Her fatness woighed upon her, bo sho went to a physician to be rid of some of ib. He draw up a cartful dietary ; she was to eat dry toast, plain boiled beef, -So., and to roturn in a mosth to report reduction. At the end of ths month she could hardly get through the doctor's doorway. Ha was nghaat. ' Did you do wlmfc I told you ?' he asked. ' Religiously.' His brow wrinkled in epito ot itsolf. Suddenly he had a flash o^ inspiration. ' Anything else V he asked, * My ordinary meala.'' ' Y 