* I - ? Hobbling Mary. ' Aunt Mary ! Aunt Mary ! You ootot hers! I want you,1 It wa« a* Imperious voice, and it called but ftngrily, ' What dot pickney calling me for f Aunt Mary muttered, grumbling. ' Him move trouble, dot one g*l, nor all de udder piokney in do house pot tegeddsr. Him don't get white tuai't temper; him got blaolc man in him heart. I oomin', Mi*a Rosa, I oomin', I Wish I rid ob dat plckne.v. White ' people is a blessed people-bab bless ed tamper; dat dar pickney got block heart; call all day long, ' Aunt Mary 1 Aunt! Mary !' And, patting herself in motion, the old woman bobbled up with difficulty to the drawing-room. * Aunt Marr." Bees . cried, ' why don't you oome faster when I coll you P Here have I been for the last ten minutes waiting for you to come and bring a clotb to wipe this ink up with ! And now you've brought no cloth ! Go down and get one at once ! Ton might have known I wanted one.' ' How I goin' to know you want oloth P ' (Aunt Mary exclaimed, not unreasonably, but with equal anger. 'How I know you 'pill de ink P Dat piokney too much trouble, I say, for anybody. Not a piokuey in oil Jamaisa gib so much work in a bouse as dat one. But 1 goin' to be even wit him ; I pink him yet; me fader den't be Obeah man from Calabar for nuffin.' Now Obeah is the West Afriean and West Indian form of witohor&ft;, dreadsd almost as uuoh by the whites as bjr black people. Aunt Mary was universally regarded as a witch. Sto liil tally made up her mind to work any hum she could on Rosa when opportunity ottered. And she believed in her own power. , "She had not loag to wait for a chanos of using It. Two days later, *. ehe was sitting in the shade, under the big hibincus-trea in the back gardsa, Peter Farrell passed that "*T Hay, missus,1 he cried, looking over the low wait at the wizened old crone,' yon heard de news P Heer.i what oome happen P Isaac Cling, him drown, out sWimtnin' in de har bour. Him fader bringin' home de body just now. It will be wake to night. Yo come a!oag tt> Mistab Cling a an'd see de fun out.' Aunt Mary roes slowly and hobbled to the wall. It was her naturb to hobble. 4 Hobbling Mary.' indeed, the aegtMt called her. Sure enough, down the street of low white wooden houses, which led by a lung decline to the sea, ehe aaw a wild procession o£ negro girls and women, surround ing four men, bare to the waiet, who carried between them on a shatter the naked dead body of a short black hoy, about thirteen or fourteen. The woman were wailing and beating their bosoms in their -wild, half .avage fashion; the men, on the ooatary, walked on, ereot and uncon cerned, paying little heed to the re peated adjurations, addressed to the boy'e «oul by the women mourner*, to oome beck again to his body. It Was a ghastly spsotuole. Aunt Mary leaned over and watched the corpte pass, with a curious light in her bleared old eyes. She loved a corpse. ' plokbey will do,' she muttered to hereelf, in true negro fashion. * De j ptokctsy jumby am de ting for to settle MiesEosa!' A jnmby is West Indian (or * ghost or spirit Corpses are net kept long in that tropissi -climate. The wake was to be to- night, the funeral te-morrow. Aunt Mai£ knew eUe had no time to loee if .he wished to take advantage of the opportunity offered her; fur, like most of thus® who practise mania, a he firmly believed in the power and efficacy of ber own enohantmBnts. 'I Uti look of Missy Hosa hair when I comb him out to-night,' *he muttered, with a significant glanoe at Rosa's window. Then mumbling ond smiling, to herself with her toothless month, she stumbled baok, well pleas ed, to her seat under the hibiscus. At seven o'olook that evening ItosaV prettyt fair head was thrust onoe more out of her bedroom window. There was a bell in the room, to be sure, by pure [ forae of European custom, but nobody I *ang it It sounded in the kitchen, while the servants were at most Invariably to be found gossiping over the wall in the back garden. ' *unt Mary 1 Aunt Mary!' the young girl cried, in her imperious ?eioe. 'Are you going to keep me here waiting all night to have my hair done ? Its almost dinner time, Make haste! Muke haete! l"y. idle, good-for-nothing nigger women I ever knew ' But Aunt Marv jumpe<l up with un wonted agility, and answering briskly ' I comin', honey; I cumin',' babbled up the Stairs as fast as her feeble old lags would carry her. A prettier buckra lady ef seventeen Aunt Mary had never seen than Jto*a Mackonooliie. As oho dressed her hair the old woman gloated over her. 'Him moke a pretty corpse,' ehe thought to beraelt more than once, gazing ot Rosa's bright girlish face in the lilasn before hi»r. 'Ilirn so young asd fresh I' And even when X-tosa exelaimpd impatiently, »a wun her wont, 'Do be corcf .1, Aunt Mary ! You're pulling my hair out,' the old woman smiled to hereelf benignly llim soon get i.ber dat,' ebe muttered to^ herself. 'Him iOB# ftj| W11ys W« j Pick'""}' jumby trou'ile her.' By and by she came to o harrier tangle thun ull. The comb etude for a moment. Q lick tie lightning Aunt Mary liod snapped up the acies,.T that lay hy her side, and snipped off the end of the offonding lock with it, lloea tuned round suspiciously. <Y»U'to out my hair,' she cried in aa gpjrrj voice* 'What lift ve you dons with the pieces ?' ' With a dexterity acquired by y*nrs of practioe the negro woman secreted half the lock of golden hair in the folds of her bandanna, and handed the other half, with the mojt ianooont air in the world, to Rosa. 'Dere it am, Missy,' she answered. 'You've given me all ?' the girl asked, onee more, in a doubtful whis per. 'Yes, Missey, I gib you oil,' the negreai answered glibly. 'See here!' and the held out both hands, palm open downwards, like the conjurer who assures you that there's no decep tion. Her anna were bar*; she had no sleeve to hide it in. . Rosa took the look carefully in her hand, withourious precision, and roiled it up in a small piece of paper. Then she burnt it nil to ashes in the flame of the candle, and crumpling it up in her hand flung the frizzled remains tut of the open window. It is danger ous to let a witoli or wizard get a lock ot your hair or a paring' of your nails; if they once posses themselves of any thing that has formed a port of your body, they oan do dire witchcraft with it afterward*, as I hey will, upon the remainder. About ten o'clock that night, in her best old dresn, Aunt Mary hobbled off to the wake over Isaac. All friends and neightiours in Port Antonio were gathered together in th8 single sm <11 room of the stuffy little cottage. The body lay iu its coffin in the midst; men talked and smoked ; women wailed and keened; and ram flowed like water. It was a most gruesome carouse, a melanoholy rejoicing-the ohief publio amusement of the Jamaican negro. They love the axoiteraeot. When AnntM&ry; hobbled in, half a moment's silence supervened to revive her. As i the daughter and representative of a genuine acknowledged West African Obeah man of true Funti origin, efae had a piaoe of importance in all such tnneraL ceremonies. She moved over to the coffin and admired the corpse with professional ardour. ' Him beautifully laid out,' she said gazing at it. ' Him jumby don' i goin' to gib no trouble.' Then aha leaned ovac ths ahroud, and, unseen by the rest, thruet the look ot Rosa's hair between the dead boy's fingers. Ae she did so, she whispered in corpse's ear, in a ghost* i like yoioe, the one word- I 1 Remember 1' The fun at Clin/a that night was ; fast and furious. Not till the sun rose : did they nail the coffin down. Me m- I while the rum went round, und the J woman keened mow mournfully than j ever. There was singing and dancing- [ Aunt Mary sat mumbling at the dead boy's head ; aqd as the lid was placed above his face she murmured once more-this time in her father's native Fanti-the sime one omiuous word, > Remombsrt' Two days later, Martha Hone, the ?egro washerwoman, brought home Resa Macoaoebie'e two white lawn drsBBBi, moat neatly crimped and ironed. 'You keariu'what dam eayin,'Missy Aha aeke.l, 'all ober Port Antonio V1 'No ; what news ?' Rosa required, wondering in her heart whether peo ple could already have noticed what marked attention Captain Galloway w»« showing her. Martha hesitated a second. It was a delicate matter. j 'Well, it's better to tell you Missy,' ah* want on slowly. 'Dem aayin' d&t; whin Maurice Kinley sorew down i Isuac Cling's coffin de udder night at bim fader's, him see a look ob bukra hair in de nigger pickney's fingers.' 'What sort of hair ?' Rosa cried, clapping her hand instinctively to the part of her own head where Bhe had felt the cold touch of Aunt Mary's scissors. 'Dam sRyin' it yaller, like Missy Boaa's own,' Martha answered, staring hard at her, Rosa's face was white as death. She knew what in infant. The Obcab woman had despatched the black boy'a ghoBt to wander over the world with a majio command that he should trouble the soul of the man or womun whuB* lock of lioir hud been placed in his bands lo give him power over them. That same evening C iptain Galloway proposed to her. She went to tied flashed with a young girl's triumph. He was eo handsome. For the ilrat half-hour she thought of nothing but Seymour Galloway - the best-born young Englishman at that moment In th« Island. Then, suddenly, through the open window, out of tile moon lit night, one of tbo great blaok fruit bats of the country wheeled flapping into the room. A turkey-buzzard vul ture eorxamodonce from the house- top. Familiar episodes, these, of tropical existence, hut on this particular ni^ht they dialuibi>d bet reverie. Shelooked and wondered. Whut meant this portents p The fruit-bit potlled down on the wardrobe opposite ; b^- the dim moon light, whicn penetrated the room, she could see his great black eyes llxed firmly upon her. In a inoinont a weried ffelin j crept ovor lior b'dil.v. She trembled aud shivi'rod, and bid her head under the bed-clt'the*. Could this he tUo visibls form of IBJUC Clitiu'H jiim'ny ? The thought wmb nppalling. For an hour i-bn luy there iu unspeakable torment. Thon unutde to contain her terror any longer, she ruiml her hi'ud oul'U more with nn elTori fruin the bed clothes. 'lor action di lurticd the, fruit-but from hi* p'u'ch, w 11u o ho hung, baud downwardn, with Inn fnue turned outward and l>acl(ward toward hor. He dislodged himself and l!o\v towards the bod. Iloda hid beneath the clolhi'R again, but felt him light on hor bre int, only separated from herself! in that warm climate, by the sheet and her night dress. She nobbed in terror, She sobbrd herRfllf to sleep, When she woke, at three o'clock, the fruit-b it was gone, but the vulture flew about in long curves past the window, From that evening forth, overy night of the year, Rosa Maconchie suw, or fancied nhi saw, in one form or another, Isaac Cling's jumby It pursued her everywhere. Sometimes it was vinibly present as a bird or beast or lizard o* the wall; aometimi'S -and that was worse-she did not behold it, but felt its presence. Silently, inaudibly, it stood by tbe bedside and grinned and jabbered at Ker It never left her. Seymour Galloway noticed she grew pale and preooeupied. ' The prospect of a long engagement,' he thought. The negroes knew better. They whis> pered among themselves, de piakney jumby trouble her.' *. ? * . Eight months later the Colonial Aaylum at Ualf-way Tree reoeived a new inmate-a beautiful girl of eigh teen, witn golden hair and harassed blue eyes, who looked perpetually around her us though xoinetliing or somebody were dogging her footateps. ' That's he 1' nlie would say. ' Thut'u i he ) "Oh, help me!' And Auat Mary, lolling in tho shade of the hibixcu.i, muttered to herself with a gratified smile ' Dat nigger pickney good boy. Him do what I tell him. 1 tink at lint him goin' to kill de Missy, but de Missy too strong for bira ; dem got good constitooshun for true, dem Mackonoehle. However, hiin do what all so'aood: him drive him to 'eylum Olebber chile, dat pickney: him know what I want: it all de same to me whedder him mad or him dead, so long as I get de inissy out ob de house, <vid him treublin', troublin' J' ' Insanity due to auperstitous fright, the aaylum doctor called it But tbe negroes gave a simpler diagnosis ' De juuiby troubllu' him.' 