POLICE v. PEOPLE. ' FOSBERIAN MUDDLING. A Few Contrasting Cases. now THE KANK AS» I'llE ARE ' Efc'COITB AGEB.' Leaving, for tbe time being, the ill deeds of particular policemen who degrade a fine force by tbeij continuance ia ite rank*, 1'hcth' proposes to give a few instances of tbe lop-tided way in whicti interior troubles are dealt with bv tbe department. There is » regulation under which Mr Foabery by virtue of bis office and nnder hie aolemn oath to discharge his duties without favor or affection, it compelled, ot ebould be compelled, to hbnall charge* against, mem ber x of tkepoiioe fircei ftltiiiittrd to a beuchr af ma$l*t.ateM to hear, und determine.-' Tne Police . Regulation ' Act of 16*52 -providee. that thia Is imperative. Now, let ne see how far Mr tfosbery carries i out his sworn duty. We can only tote a few cases out ofissorea at our ditpeaal. Sergeant Kcollitis was reportel for refus ing to eign an abstract. It was a plain charge, and surely ebaild have cOone under the act ; jet what do we find 1 Why, that Mr Fosbsry dismissed the sergeant on his own sole responsibility, as a set-on ser geant Coraett was reported for drunkenness, etc. Foabery submitted kit caBe to a bench of magistrates^ who promptly, acquitted the sergeant, and be ii still in active service. ' Sergeant Stafford was reported on a charge of 'attempting to defraud the Ooverntnent of 36s,' expenses incurred at one country town, but by clerical error oharged as having been incurred at another. 'Mr Foabery gave Stafford no time to examine his accounts and afford aa explanation, but accepting the trumped-up report of the accuser, dis missed Stafford on the spot, without even asking an explanation Stafford forced a Parliamentary inquiry, and baa h«en proved guiltless, bnt has never been off:red rein statement or redress. The contrast to this cruel case ia that of Sergeant Lewis, reported for taking bribes. This charge Mr Fosbery submitted to the magistrates, who acquitted Lewis, and he is still ia the force. Constable Basterbrooke was reported by Constable Aiken, 1 the Camperdowh bull,' for immoral behaviour. AiVen 'alleged that Hasterbrooke was in tbe habit of viaiting the house ef a woman of loose character. Fos bery dismissed liasterbrooke without sub mitting his case to the magistrates, and it has since been proved that tbe charge was false. -Per ronlru, true charges frequently preferred against the recently 'resigned* t-'eu tor- Constable Coutta were hushed up, and hia vile offences condoned, till Tisutk took the fellow in band and forced the authorities into action. Constable Farrell was reported for i drunkenness, tried by a bench of magistrates, and acquitteii. Where Fosbery or Head adjudicated 'on their own,' in similar cases, numbers of meti have been fined or roduced who would probably bave been as lucky as Farrell if they had tad a fair chance iu the open. 'Sergeant Ford, reported for a neglect of duty, was, by Fosbery's order, ti ied by a bench of magistrates,1 aniaequitted; - but when Her- j geaui Vanghan Wa* sisiiWly accused, i Fosbery accepted the accuaOj's statement and bluntly . dismissed the tatKreknt on' a charge that haa since been utterly disproved. These eases prove that the -five men who Were legally charged and tried were honor ably acquitted, while the five who were illegally tried bj Inspector Fosbery or Superintendent Read were wrongfully dis missed the service, rdbbed of their pension rights aad 'tbeir' ~ characters besmirched. These are only a few culled from a great crop of suph monstrous inequalities nurtured by the FosbBrian-cnm- iiead system. The list also shows what a seething hot-bed of 'envy, hatred, and malice, and all un charitablenesa * the service is. livery man is induced to sneak and apy upon his fellow, and encouraged to 'report ' every time the other blows nia note too sonorously. That' the dismissal by Fosbery of Con stable Eastetbrbok and Pergeant Vanghan was illegal was proven by select committees appointed by Parliament. The charges were declared oufonnded' and the eases were recomntqndH to tbe Government tor cn ?Ideration. JS*entsilljr ? Eaaterbiooke was paid *1M 'compensation and reinstated in the force, after a lapse ot four years. What punithumnt was awarded his fu'se accnxer (Alien) has not been, recorded, to far as this paper 'can iUrfbnr. We are led to believe thatSergbant Vaughaln was also re instated after lying under the ban for eight years. Jn the case of Sergeant Stafford the re- ?' ports npon which he was dismissed, and the defaulters' sheet pnt in evidence against him were conclusively proved by the Parliamen tary. Committee to be absolutely false, and tbe committee fonad that be had been wrongfully dismissed, and recommended him' to the Government for consideration. This recommendation was adopted by Par liament on October 3, 16911, but np to date no steps have beta taken to redress hia wrongs. - It is common talk that since tbe Hon James Nixon Brunker bjcame.a Minister of tbe Crown something like a hundred men from tbe Mattland district, good Brunkerian voters and members of families of similar useful electors * have been taken into the police' force bjr tbe obliging Fosbery. Natu rally, nnder the circniikstances, it is very difficult to make the Chief Secretary believe that hit obliging' friedd can cte anything but wbat is proper and right. Were it other wise be .would tee' ahd understand tbat where men' have been wrongfully dismissed there is no justice or nuuw in aeepung tneir con tributions to the Police Superannuation Fund. Itis simply a fraud, for the contri butions axe shown to have been illegally confiscated, ancf the whole amount paid in by these trained vetciaos should be banded back tq tbem, evi'ii if no fortber redress is offered. That faster brooke wat compen sated is considered in the force to be owing to . the fact that he was a Singleton man. Messrs (Hanker snd Gaald don't iow eight of ainjleton men's complaints 1 let, if it was rijjht to compensate and reinstate Easter brooke, it would bseven more so to deal simi larly with the veteran sergeants, who bad given their best years to the service, and whose position proved their merit, when they were' proved' to have been wrongfully and illegally dealt with by fosbery. Can it be that tbe fsct that tbe brutally dismissed and unrecompbnsed are in almost every case Irish Catholics bat anything to do with their treatment!- Foabery was put where he it by Partes, to kill the Kiatha Ghost, and Read, as everybody knoWs, is a howling Wesleyan dissenter.- It is s tuggeitive com bination, -anyway. - But turelyi such a terrible state of- things as is presented by. our- precious- Police Department— diiridedagaiast itself, rotten to -its core, ruaoa religions'afed corruption lines, and evidently totally mismanased in. every way— catraofbe allowed to!continue. ' \- The Premier quite-- recently told Parlia ment -that if tbey retired , Fosbory they would have to payvbim a. '?pension 'of £1000 j a-year, and also to pay the tame sum to ibis ? successor, l'hia was another of Beid's ! stupid blunders, a fit mate for kit depart- - mental prices as compared with Melbourne, and other absurdities he bat given birth .to. The fact Ir, the Foihry psaslon would' come out of the Police Superannuation Fond, and wonld not fall upon the Gorsrament or the ratepayer at all. It would be a pious thought to 'retire both Mr Fosbery and. his. saintly confrere, Jit Head, at one and the tame .tiipe. a he department and t^e. country at large would be distinctly the gainers. .' 