IIDHOdU US. |CHAPTER XXVIII ( Continued .) Prank goes with her. She hardly speaks the 'whole way, except to give brief answers to his anxious inquiries about her comfort. She sits erect, looking perfectly colourless, but a determined expression setting the lips and hardening the brown, steadfast eyes. He has often noticed that peculiar look of self ?will on/1 voenlnfinn oi»--\nr»rl Moti'o Timiflollo'a mouth and chin — it has given character to the whole facc : . but he has never seen it so strongly marked as now. They reach Baymoutli. The October night, chill and starry, has fallen — lights gleam from the great range of the Windsor Mills. As Prank is about to give the order to the Stone House, she abruptly checks him. ' No, iio t there,' she says. ' Mr. Dexter, where am I most likely to seo your cousin, Mr. Longworth, at this hour? At his office or at his boarding-house ?' ' It is nearly eight,' Frank returns looking at his watch. ' Not at his boarding-house, certainly ; he rarely spends his evenings there. Either at the office, at Miss Hariott's, or at the Stone House.' ' Let us try the office first,' she says, and the young man gives the order, and they aro driven to the Phoenix building. It, too, is in a state of immense illumination. Dexter gets out, goes in, and returns almost immediately, ' Tjnnirwnrtli is linrfi. MarJnninispllo Mario : I will take yon up to his room.' She pulls lier veil over her face, and follows Prank up a long flight of stairs, and into the room sacred to O'Sullivan. Pranks taps at another door, and Longworth's voice calls, ' Gome in.' ' It is I, Larry,' ho says, and Longworth turns round from his writing and looks at him. ' Miss Landelle is here — has just arrived and wishes to see you. Mademoiselle, I will wait for you in the back.' She puts back her veil and advances. Longworth rises, something of surprise, something of sternness, a great deal of cold ness, in his manner. He is unconscious of it. If he has thought of tho elder sister at all, it is to be sorry for her, and yet the deep anger and resentment he feels shows itself in his manner even to her. ' Sit down,' ho says, and places a chair.. 'I suppose Miss Hariott's letter reached Mrs. Dexter, and that is why yon are here. She told me she had written. It is rather a pity your pleasure trip should be cut short by these untoward events.' There is a touch of sarcasm in his tone. He is character reader enough to know that Miss Marie Landelle has a tolerably strong share of selfishness, and will keenly feel any misfortune that-touches her own comfort. But she feels this far more than he he is disposed -to give her credit for. ' Mr. Longworth,' she says, earnestly, ' why has Heine gone ?' ' Miss Landelle, need you ask ? Did not \ Miss Hariott write explicitly enough ? Because Monsieur committed the robbery, and she was present at the time ?' 'Present at the time? Do you mean to say Reine aided liimin robbing Madame Wind sor?' ' Mademoiselle, these questions are very painful. You oblige me to tell the truth. Yes.' ' My grandmother believes this ?' ' She-does.' 'You believe this, Mr. Longworth ?' ' I have no alternative, Miss Landelle.' She is istill for a while, silently looking at him,- as if trying to read him as he sits there, impassive, inflexible, coldly stern before her. ' Monsieur,' she says, leaning a little for ward, the -flood of gaslight falling on her beautiful, colourless face, ' will you answer xne a question ? You asked my sister to marrv you — did you love her the least in the world ?' 'I decline to answer that question, Miss Landelle.' 'You need not,' she says, contemptuously; ' you could n'ot love any one. But, surely, without love, you might have trusted her. What had she done to bo thought a thief ?' ''Perhaps you will inquire next, made moiselle, by what right we stigmatize your friend and hers by that opprobious epithet — why we dare brand Durand as a robber ?' ' No,' she says, sudden profound emotion in her tone ; ' no, I know too well what was his motive and temptation. But that you should doubt Reine — believe her guilty of -crime — yes, that indeed bewilders me. How could anyone look in her face and believe her guilty of any wrong ?' i ' Mademoiselle, we learn as we grow older, 4 how fair an outside falsehood hath your sister stands condemned out of her own mouth.' . ' What did she confess ??' '.By her silence, by her refusal and in ability to answer the questions that sho was with ( him when he committed this robbery:' Marie ^still sits and looks at him, a touch °£ scorn -in her face that reminds liimofReine. ' But, surely, monsieur, a thief would not stick at a lie. If she could steal or aid a thief, I she could tell falsehoods to screen her crime. 9 And yet- you say sho preferred standing silent to speaking falsely.' ' I do not pretend to understand a lady's / motives, Longworth says, impatiently ; ' at least she 'would not betray her lover.' Heine . would betray no one. She was trao as truth itself—who should know better than I r But, monsieur, pardon my curiosity ; .?Why do you say her lover?' Her husband,- .then, if, youprefor it. ' Her ' V !'.-v ?i--£.era.,pt,of eonrso is aoieeret to you.' ? He says it with a passionate gestnre that shows her the pain this self- repressed man is suffering in spite of himsolf. She listens, and watches him, and a light breaks slowly over her faco, ' His wife !' sho repeats, ' Reine tho wife of Leonce ! Oh Dion Dica 1 what a strn.nge idea ! Monsieur, I beg of you, tell mo why you think this ? Surely sho has never said anything that conld make you think so extrar ordinary a thing. For the whole world Reine would not tell a falsehood.' ? ' And this would be a falsehood ?' ? ' Tho falsest of -all falsehoods.' ' And yet I heard his own lips proclaim it, heard him call her his wife. I charged her with it, and she did not deny it. ' Sho did not ! Oh ! my sistor, even I havo not known half your 'goodness. Mr. Long worth, there is a terriblo mistake here which I alono can clear. Tell me the exact words, if you remember them, that Leonce spoke — for indeed I cannot understand how lio ever could have called her his wife.' ' I remember them well,' Longworth sternly answers, ' they were words not easily forgotten. It was the night of the theatricals — you remember it — the place Miss Hariott's garden. Ho was excited that night — you probably remember that also, for I saw you were annoyed — and consequently off guard. The words were these : 1 I will not go. 1 had thfi right to come, I have tho right to stay. I ?will not go and leave my wife to be made love to by another man.' Conld anything be plainer.' ' And you heard no more — not Reine's re ply?' ' I heard no more ; I wished to hear no more. The following evening I sought out your sister, upbraided hor with her falsity, and told her what I had heard.' 'And she?' Marie asks, clasping her hands, ' what said she ?' ' Not one word. Let mo do your sister this justice, mademoiselle : when she is found out, she never attempts futile vindication. She accepts discovery, and does not add to treachery by lies.' 'Oh!' Marie says, bitterly, ' you are in deed without pity or mercy — you are indeed a stern and cruel man. My little one ! my little one ! what have I not made you suffer what shame, what pain, what humiliation ! And Leonce, too ! Ah, Reine has paid dearly for the keeping of a secret.' ' Secrets are like firebrands, mademoiselle ; we can't expect to carry them about and go unseorehed. But in your commiseration for your sistor, are you not talking a little wildly, Miss Landelle ? If a wife weaves her little plot to win an inheritance, and fools men into making her offers of marriage ? ' ' Monsieur, be silent ! You have said enough. Reine Landelle is no man's wife she is pure and true, and innocent of all wrong as an angel.' He regards her frowning ; doubt, anger, distrust in his faco. ' What do you mean ? Am I not to be lieve what my Own ears hear, what my own eyes see ?' ' If your ears tell you she is false — no ! if your eyes that she is not what she claims ?to be — no ! a hundred times no ! I tell you she is no man's wife, and I think sho has ?reason to rejoice she will never bo yours.'' ' Enough of this mystery !' Longworth exclaims, rising in angry impatience. ' Speak out tho whole truth, or do not speak at all. Where then — who, then, is the wife Durand spoke of ?' ' She is here ! I am Leonce Durand's most wretched wife !' ' You !' He stands stunned ; he looks at her in blank silence. ' You ! Mademoiselle Marie.' ' I am not Mademoiselle Marie — I have deceived you all. I own it now, when it is ?too late. I came to this place Leonce Dur and's wife, and, as you say,' for the sake of an inheritance, denied it.' He sits suddenly down. His face still keeps that stunned look of utter amaze, but with it mingles a flush of swift, half incredulous hope. ' If you only say this,' ho begins, ' to vin dicate your sister ? ' ' Bah ! that is not like your customary sound sense, Monsieur Longworth. Am I likely to do that ? Reine is of the kind to make sacrifices, to be faithful to death through all .things — not I. You are glad that I have told you this — yes, I see you are ; and when all is explained, and you can doubt .no longer, you will cease to doubt. You will even be ready to forgive her for having been falsely accused and condemned, and condescend to take her back. But, monsieur, if I know my sister, she will not come back. Faith ceases to be a virtue where all is open and clear. If you believe in her and trust her, because doubt has become impossible, where is your merit as a lover and a friend ? Reino will not return to you. She is proud, and you have humbled her to the very dust. In spite of yourself, I can see that you lovo her, and will lament yes, and I am glad of it. Yes ! mon sieur, I say it to your face — I am glad of it ! You do not deserve her, you never did. She in an augel of goodness, and fidelity, and truth — and you are — what are you, Monsieur Long worth ? What is the man who accuses and hunts down a helpless girl— the girl he has asked to be his wife ? Do you suffer ? Well, I am glad of that, too ; you deserve to suffer ? Listen, and I will tell you all tho truth— the truth which Reine kept, and which she might have told, and so saved herself. But she would not, for a promise bound her She loved me and Leonce, and was true to us. Listen here !' It is evident Marie can speak when she chooses, habitually silent though she is. All her languor, all her indolent grace of manner are swept away, and her words flow forth in a stemless .torrent. Deep excitement burns in hor steadfast eyes, her hands are tightly clasped in her lap, two spots of colour gleam feverishly on her cheeks. For Longworth, he sits mute and stricken, like a man who listens to his own sentence of doom. ' You know this much of our history, Mr. Longworth, that I lived with my father in London, and Reine went when a child to our Aunt Deniso Durand, in Roaen. She and Leonce grow up together, sho loving him with an innocent admiring, sisterly affection ; he at tho age of seventeen, taking it into his foolish boy's head thathe was in love with her. It was nonsense, of course, and sho laughed at liim, and in it fit of pique he left home and carno over to pay his first visit to us, to my father.' She pauses for a moment, with a wistful, saddened look, as if the memory of that first .jtneetiflg arose before ier reproachfully. Jfov Longworth, there comes to him another memory — the memory of the scene by the garden wall — where he asked Reine that im perious question, ' Was Durand ^ ever your lover?' And tho low earnest voio# that an swered, and that he refused to believe : ' It was only fancy — he was but a boy — ho was too young to bo any one's lover.' Even then she had been as true as truth ; nncl ]ic ? . Well ho had always heard whom tho gods wish to destroy tlioy first make mad. The madness of coming destruction must have been upon him ; ho can understand his besotted folly in no other way. ' I am not going into details in this story I am forced to tell you,' Marie goes slowly on. 'Leoncc's visit lasted all that winter, and when he returned to Rouon he was my lover, not poor Petite's. It was our first meeting, for though I had visited Rouen once or twico Leonce had always been absent. We did not meet very often after that, but we corresponded regu larly. I liked liim always. I was never a very romantic girl, but his handsome face won my fancy from tho first, and no ono has ever supplanted liim to this day. ' Woll, our lives and yeais went on. Aunt Denise wished Leonce to become a lawyer, but dry studies were never to his taste. He had a voice and a face that all the world told him might make a fortune, and he was ready enough to believe the pleasant flattery. He went to Paris and studied for tho operatic stage; he urged Reine to study likewise for tho same profession. And, as you know, for a time she did. He made his first appearance and was successful. But success spoils some natures.' Leoncc, in its sunshine, developed traits that nearly broke his mother's heart. He became by slow degrees, but surely, a gambler, until at last he almost entirely gave up tho stage for the table of the croupier. He was always at Baden, and Homburg, and Monaco — when he was not, ho was in London with us. My aunt Denise knew it, Reine knew it — the fact of his gambling, I mean ; but they loved him, and hoped for him, and ? held their peace. Neither my father nor I knew anything of it ; it is all I can say in my own defence. His pockets were always full of money, he was invariably dressed in the most elegant fashion, and we thoughthe made all his money in his profession. We were en gaged, but secretly. Papa was .ambitions for me, and thought I might do better than marry a mere singer, and we f6lt instinctively that neither Aunt Denise nor Reine would ap prove. So wo met often, and held our peace, and were quite happy, but there was one drawback — Leonce was inclined to be jealous. ' Our house was well filled with artists of all kinds, and men of a much higher social grade. And I — well, monsieur, I did not appear often, but I was held as a sort of belle, made much of accordingly,- and Leonce grew at times, moodily jealous. He never had any cause, that I -will say ; I cared for him only, and he knew it. Still, the jealousy was there, and we quarrelled and parted, and met again and made up, after the usual foolisfy fashion of lovers. ' Then came the time when Aunt Denise died, and the war began. Leonce went away among the first, andl learned at last in misery and sickening fear, how dear he was to me, and how miserable I would be without him. Months passed, and although he was a prisoner, he was safe and well, and I resolved with my whole heart that when we met again he should have no grounds for jealousy from me, that I would be all that the most exacting lover would reqiijre. Before he came, the last great and sad change in the lives of Reine and myself had taken place — ? our father died. And dying, his wish was that we should come here. It was the duty of our mother's mother, he said, to provide for her grand daughters. I thought so, too. My life had been one of poverty and work. I longed for a life of luxury and ease. It was my right to have it, since my grandmother was so wealthy a woman. Stern and hard she might be — how stern and hard poor ailing mamma often told us. But I did not fear ; the stake was worth the venture. We would go, and surely, for very shame she would not turn her daughter's children from the door. ' You see, I did not do justice to Madame Windsor's strength of character. But for you, Mr. Longworth, she would have done even that. ? I had written a letter of farewell to Leonce, and we had made all our prepara tions for departure when he suddenly appeared. ' He opposed my determination by every argument and entreaty he could urge. Wealth was very well, but there wero things in the world better than wealth. Forcing ourselves, as we were about to do, upon a relative who scorned and despisedjus, what could we expect but a life of misery ? ' Reine joined him ; her repugnance to the project was invincible from the first. But my resolution — my obstinacy, Leonce called it was not to be shaken, and he grew so passion ately excited and enraged at my persistence that, to appease him, I promised to grant the desire of his heart and marry him secretly before' I left London. ' He had urged it before, but I never would listen. I liked my lover, but I disliked the thought of a husband with power to control and command me. Still, I knew Leonce woll enough in -his jealous temper to be vory sure that this was the only way to prevent his accompanying us across the ocean and ruining all our plans. I made two stipulations : The first, that Reine should not know until I saw ? fit to tell her ; the second a solemn one — | this, that no matter how long we should be [ obliged to stay apart, ho would not follow us, but would trust mo and be content to know that I was bound to him irrevocably, and wait. ' Ho pledged himsolf to both ; he would have pledged himself to anything to make me his wife. ^ We wero married on the day we left London for Liverpool. I went out early in the morning and was quietly married, un known to Reine. Ho returned with me home, saw after oar luggage, drove with us to the' ?station, and wo both shook hands with him there, and so parted. Ho pleaded to accom pany us to Liverpool, but I would not con sent. ' Tho captain of tho Hesperia was my father's friend ; for my father's sake he prom ised to meet us at the Liverpool terminus, and take charge of us until we landed in Now' York. ' And now, monsieur, I come to Reino's share in my most unfortunate secret. On the day but one before wo landed, I confessed to her all— my secret marriage and Leonce's promise. She listened in wonder and deep est regret. ' ' Marie,' she said, ' lie will not keep his word. He is as unstable as water. When you least think it, he will'grow tired waiting, follow you, and overthrow all your plans. °I know him well ; neither promise nor principle will bind, liim where his -love and ioalousv stand in the way.'.' ' . ' She said truly ; she did know him well. Then she in turn became confidential, and told me ho was a confirmed gambler. ' 'If I had only told you before,' she said, with deepest regret and self-reproach, ' this fatal marriage might never have taken place ; but Leonce is so dear to me, that even to you I hated to speak of his faults. If I had only dreamed of thin I might have saved you.' ' But regrets were too late. I looked for ward, too, with hope ; if all turned out as 1 believed, and our grandmother made, us her heiresses, the temptation to gamble would be removed. As the husband of a rich wife, gambling hells would offer no attraction. I bound Reine to secrecy, and how well she has kept my secret, at what cost to herself, you, Mr. Longworth know.' 'Wo landed; of that, and our coming here, you know all. On that- very first evening, Madame Windsor coldly and sternly informed us that you were her heir, that our being allowed to come to her house at all was your doing. You may imagine how pleasant such intelligence was to us both, to me, chiefly, although Reine resented it most bitterly. Still, I did not despair; we were hero, that was a great point gained. I feel grateful to you for what you have done. It would go hard with me, I thought, if I could not induce our grandmother eventually to change her mind, and alter that unjust will. Then, monsieur, arose our second dilemma — you wished to marry one of us. We were ordered peremptorily to accept, when you saw fit to propose, under pain of immediate expulsion. Reine was brave for herself, but she trembled for me. She loves mc, monsieur, as few sisters love. Can you wonder we both hoped she, not I, would be the one selected. Prom the first, almost, I felt sure of it. I could see she attracted you in spite of yourself. Her very hauteur and dislike of you seemed to draw you on. That dislike at the first was very sincere, but she was too just of judg ment and generous of heart for it to last. It faded little by little, and something else came in its place. When you did speak, Monsieur Longworth, when you did ask her to be your wife, she could say yes with a readiness that I think surprised even herself.' Longworth lies back in his chair, his arms folded, his brows knit, his eyes fixed at first sternly on her face, fixed now moodily on the floor. He can recall that night, and under stand for the first time the words that sur prised him then: ' Since it had to be one of us, I am glad I am the one.' She was too innocently frank even to hide that. The admission was not, as he had flattered himself, because ' she cared for him more than she know, but because immediate exposure and expulsion would have followed his choice of Marie. ' You asked her to marry you ; she con sented,' pursues Marie, ' and all went well. I am not here to betray my sister's heart. You do not deserve to see it ; but you aro man enough, and vain enough, to know well she was learning to care for you, to honour yon, to trust in you, to be proud of you with all her warm, generous heart. ' Then came Leonce, and from the first moment he appeared, you know how well you recjuited uthat trust; TPou doubted her from the- instant you saw him. She told you he was lier brother. Did you believe her ? Why, on that very first day you taxed her with falsity on the way home — deny it if you can ! She confessed nothing to me ; no, you had become more to her than her own sister ; she confessed nothing, but I could read her troubles in her faco. ' You took the ring off hor finger — you remember that ring with its motto :' Silent- and true.'- Yes, I see you do — and held it as a token of her broken faith to you. Monsieur Leonce bought that ring for me, as a sort of pledge of his own fidelity, I suppose, and when I flung it from me in scorn and anger, she picked it up and wore it home, thinking no evil. He had broken his promise to me, and I was not to be appeased. I refused to hear him, I refused to see him, I refused to accept his ring, to reply to his letters. He threatened to betray me to Madame Windsor. I bade him do so, and told him quietly that never while I lived would I see or speak to him after. He knew me well enough to be very sure I would keep my word, and that certainty alone held him silent. ' I defied him, and went on my way heed less of him, all the love I ever felt seeming to die out in the intensity of my contempt. And Reine, trying to be true to us both, loving us both; suffered|daily, hourly misery. Hating secrets with her whole heart, she yet had to bear the brunt of ours. You suspected her, and never spared her — -that, too, she had to bear. She was forced to meet Leonce in my stead, to answer his letters, to keep him quiet. But why go on ? What you heard that night in Miss Hariott's garden you can understand no\y. I was the wife ho meant — Mr. Dexter, I presume, the lover he referred to. That Reine bore your taunts — and I am sure you can bo very merciless, monsieur — in silence is but added proof of her heroic fidelity. I was gone. I had fled, in- my selfish cruelty, to escape for a little from Leonce. ' That, I suppose, was the last drop in his cup of bitterness and jealousy, ifis money was gone, he desired to follow and wreak what vengeance I cannot tell ; and, reckless and' desperate, lie entered Madame Windsor's house and stole her money. Reine may have discovered him — I do not know. It may very easily havo been so. While his crime broke her heart, was sho likely to betray the brother sho lovod ? Oh, my little sister, my Reine, my Reine ! what, you must have endured standing before your pitiless judges and cast off with scorn and insult ! In night and stealth, like a guilty creature, she had to fly, and tho good God only knows what ia her fate. Oh ! mon Dieu ! mon JDien ! ? it breaks my heart only to think of it.' She covers her face with her hands and weeps passionately aloud. Longworth starts to his feet, goaded by lier tears and reproachcs, by the far more maddening reproaches of his own heart, almost beyond endurance. ' For Heaven's sake, stop !' ho says, hoarsely, ' I cannot stand this ! I havo beon a d ? ? fool, and you havo, been from tho first to tho last ono of tho most utterly selfish and heart'ess women that over drow breath !' 'Iknowit! I know it !' sho says between her sobs; 'no need to tell me that. In blaming you I do not spare myself, 'but what will all our self- reproach avail to help hor whoso heart'we have broken.' Ho walks up and down tho room. His face is startlingly pale, his oyes aro full of remorse and pain, and shame, but his habitual self-, control does not desert him. He stops at last, suddenly, before hor. | 'What do you moan to do?' ho coldly asks. She lifts her head, and faces him. Hor tears havo ceased, she looks composed and resolute once more. ' To go from here to my grandmother', and confess to her what I have confessed to you.' ' What good will that do ?' ho demands, almost roughly ; ' by bringing ruin on yourself will you remove ruin from her ?? Is it what she would counsel you to do, do you think, if she were here ?' ' No ! ah, no ! She did not know what selfishness meant. She would tell me to bo silent, since by speaking I could not liolp her.' ' Then do as she would havo you do. You have thought of yourself long enough — think of others a little now. If you arc thrust out homeless and penniless, will it add to your sister's happiness ? Greater evil cannot befall her than has already, unless you, too, are spurned and cast adrift.' ' As I may be, in any case,' Marie says, sadly. 'No, I do not think so. I have seen Mrs. Windsor; she bears you no malice. You played your part so well that you deceived even her sharp eyes. She gives you credit for detesting Durand. She is prepared to overlook your being the sister of Reine, and the connection of a robber. You were always her favourite, as you are doubtless aware; for your own comfort you need fear nothing.' ' Monsieur Longworth, you appear to ( relish the saying of bitter things. I am not | quite so craven as you think me. I am ready ! to speak and take the penalty. At least 1 1 can remove the stigma from my sister's name.' i ' Can you ? Permit me to doubt it. You may add it to your own, but remove it from hers — that is not so easy. No, mademoiselle, there is nothing for it but to accept destiny j as it stands. Your sister has kept your secret, | and paid the price to the last, farthing. All i you can do now is not to add to hor distress. I All you can do is to go home and enjoy the ' comfort of Mrs. Windsor's eminently com- | fortable house, aud bear what your conscienco may say to you will what equanimity you can. Your story is safe with me. I will take the liberty of informing Mrs. Windsor and Miss Harriott that I am convinccd of Mademoiselle Reine's truth and innocence— beyond this I will not go.' She rises silently. He holds the door open and they go downstairs. Frank is impatiently kicking his heels in the chill darkness ; the hack still waits, and Mr. Dexter springs forward with alacrity and hands lier in. Longworth stands bareheaded, the light of the carriage lamps falling on his face, and as Frank looks at him he stares. ' Good gracious, Larry, what is the matter ? You look like a sheeted ghost, old boy. What is it ? — liver — bile — too many hot buckwheats for breakfast, or too much ink and. paper all day — hey ?' Longworth shakes him off impatiently. ' Don't be a fool, Dexter. Tell Mrs. Windsor I will call upon her to-morrow,' he says to Marie. Then Frank jumps in beside her, the carriage rolls away, and Longworth is left standing in the darkness alone. (To he continued.') 