The Si°rn of the Cross [By LADV COOK, nee TENMESSE C CLXFLIK 1 The Sign nf the Cross is the nn-fc universil and the least generally understood of all the mys'ic symbols that have come down t) us through the lapse of infinite ages We are accustomed tj identify it with Christ and Christianity alone, as though it had originated with them. Yet ten thousand proofs exist that it was simply appropriated to th»?e just as it had previously been claimed by every great religious cult that made its appearance in tha world. A distinguished writer, in his essay in the Edinburgh Review, nearly 30 years ago. on '« The Pre-Christian Cross," says : " From the dawn of organized Paganism in the eastern world, to the fi nal establishment of Christianity in the western, the Cross was undoubtedly one nf the commonest and most sacred or symbolical monum -nts. and. to a remarkable extent, it is so still in almost every land where that of Calvary ig anrecogni/pd or unknown. Apart from any distinct ions of social or intellectual superiority of castp, colour, nationality, or location io either hemisphere, it appears to Inve Heen the aboriginal possession of evi<ry people in antiquity ; the elastic girdle, so to say, which embraced the most widely separated heathen communities : the most significant tok< n of a universal brotherhood ; the principal paint of contact in every system of pagan mytholgy. That mighty maze, but not without a plan, to which ail ti-e families of mankind were severally and irresistably draw-n, nnd by which their common descent was emphatically expressed, or by m^ans of which each and all preserved, amid every vicissitude of fortune, a knowledge of the primeval happiness and dignity of their species. Where authentic history is silent on the subject, the material relics of the past anddong since forgotten races are not wanted to confirm and strengthen this superstition. Diversified forms of the symbol are delineated more or less artistically according to the progress achieved in civilizition at the period, on ti e ruined walls of temples and palaces, on natural rocks and seqnlchral ealleries, on the hoariest monoliths and the rudest statuary : on coins, medals, and vases of every description ; an i, in not a few instances, are preserved in the architectural proportions of subterranean structures, of tumuli.as well as fanes. The extraordinary sanctity attaching to the symbol, in every ase and" under every variety of circnnistnnce, justified any expenditure incurred in its fabrication or embellishment ; hence the most persistent lab- ur the most consummate ingenuity were lavished upon it." What then was the original meaning of Ibis sjnibol. or symbols, which has heen the vrarp into which all the threads of every religion l ave been woveri ? In order to solve this question, a multitude of facts are to be considered, ail pointing to the same conclusion, no matter how grossly exhibited or how mystically disguised. It is the sign of veneration whether divine or human, the emblem of the ever-vigorous ! fecundity of nature, ami therefore, of the life that is an.' that which is to come. It denotes the unirt?r < ;:il vivifying power, sometimes rssoeiated with the most obscene rites, at others refint-d into a spiritual regeneration. and thus typifying a future immortali'y and a state of "n-ver-endin? bliss. It was consequently adapted to a'.l sorts and condition^ of men. and became as universal as life itself. One r-f the earliest complete types known is the crux an?aia formed like a T, with an oval or circlet resting upon it. Singly they tvpify the male and female organs of reproduction ; together they may denote goodness, bop»' felicity, or the life to come. The' crux ansata is commonly found sculptured ori Egyptian and Coptic monuments, and the mystical Tau symbolized "tha hidden wisdom" of the Chaldeans of the ancient Egyptians, Indians, Peruvians, Americans, and of every ancient people in both hemispheres. Humboldt found in remote Kamp. schatka the cross anil other rude remains of hieroglyphics, similar to those of Egypt. It was engraven on the glass statue of Serapis, on the walls and tombs of kings. Planted on the frustrum of a cone the simple T represents goodness ; springing from a heart or on the breast of a mummy, it denotes hope or expectation of reward. The two colossal statues from Easter Island may be seen at the British Museum, and oa the backs of each the same sign is rudely engraved. As with thi3 which was the conventional, so with the ovoid or circle, sometimes called the egg or the eye. It denoted the female principle and covered the vestments of the Ephesian Diana, aod the Assyrian Mylitta in whose temple all the women were bound to prostitute themselves to strangers. The robes of the darkskinned mother goddess of India were similarly adorned, as were the the tails of Juno's birds which drew her chariot through the heavens. W e are told that the worship of Juno was universal, that the Empire of Jupiter was small compared to hers. As Ilytha, sometimes called her daughtrr, she was the goddess of birth in Arcadia, was Isis in Egypt, and Juno Lucina of the Latins. Ilyiha was also the same as Diana, Venus Lubentia, and Cxenetilhs, who arose from the sea. Juno was not only queen of heaven, presiding over marriage and child-birth, the patron of texual virtue, aod punisher of lewdness in matrons, but was also tLe goddess of all power and empire, and the dispenser of riches. In like manner Venus among her various titles was surnamed Telessigama, because slip presided over marriage, and Phallomeda. from her affection for the phallus The ovoid form of the upper member of the crux a.isata was sometimes displayed as a handle, as in the Theban catacombs and on a Babylonian cylinder. On a stele from Khorsabad, an eagleheaded man holds the circle in his right hand, and the tau in his left. In the ophite hierograme which re mmd of an era of widespread serpent worship it is depicted as a pennate circle, and as a circle is borne in the claws of the flying Scarabeus, the sacred emblem of Pthah, and is lound sculptured from Europe to M- xieo. In a modified form and joined with the tau it is the oldest ensign of majesty in Inaia, and is •» commonly found in the hands of Brahma, Vishnu, anl Siva. In Christian Europe it is ad pted by every potentate, including our Queen, as a symbol of royalty," whose coronation o b surmounted by a pectoral cross is nothing more than the embodiment of the traditional crux ansata. The R?v. William H&slam;, in his work " The Cross and the Serpent," gives a curious and fanciful explanation of theso facts. Hs says : " I have suggested tint the Cro<« was conceived wheo the redemption of man w .s designed. I cinnot doubt that it was revealed with the prophecies . " It was in propbecj, as it is now. an outward sign of an inward mystery, connected with a promise. Ic was the" sign and pledge of that promise, and as such, in wti tever sense the outward observer regarded it, there seems little doubt but that to the initiated it was a holy and blessed sign of hope in a fallen age ; and a pledge of the promise of light in a period o' darkness." In anothei passage lie waxes still bo der : " The Cross was known t« Koali before the Dispersion, and even before the Flood; and I will r nture yet further, and say the Cross was known to Adam ; aud that the knowledge as a sacred sign was imparted to him by the Almighty " We may admire the enthusiasm which suggests all tins, and which is eminently theological aud clerical, but unfortunately t;ie patriarchs and prophets never once referred to the Sign of the Cross, and tlie Hebrew and Samaritan Scriptures are equally silent. They were, however, thorout hly familiar with it, as it formed in their days a significant part of all Pagan \r>rship. Of all its many forms, " there is not one among them," says the tidinburgli reviewer. " the existence of which may not be traced to the remotest antiquity," aod we mi«ht ad 1, nor tho causes of whose variance cannot also t ace i. Tha Maltese Cross—the bait e> axe of Tlior, originally four huge phalli carved oat of the solid rock, but afterwards metamorphosed by the virtuous knights of St John, or the Cross of St George which marks the English flag, and every other, is nothing more or less than a Phallic symbol. Rude, upright stone, especially those of a conical form, appear to have been the earliest objects of worship by mankind, and their assistance by contact to produce fruitfulness is still invoked by women in many parts of the world. In very mythology tbe cone was the emblem of the mother of heaven, whatsoever her name, and every alter aod high place of hers was originally conical or pyramidal. Oue stone standing upon another, or inserted ia the earth, represented a rude cross. The mystical ires, " tree of life," was also represented io th® form of a cross, or by the hieratic sign of the deity across the stem. Every circumstance pertaining to this was p^culiirly phallic. When serjent worship began t > supersede tree worship, the oplute emblems were of a similar nature. The serpent with its tail in its mouth has the same B goifi. cance as the crux ansata. When, at a liter stRge of civilization, the worship of the moon and 'sun successively preyailel, and the followers of the sun made war upon those of the " Great Dragon," many of the old emblems were pevoutly adoptJd and a composite religion was formed. And when in the fulness of time, Christianity made its appearance and developed orders and hierarchies, it incorporated within itself every feature of Paganism, including the supreme Phallic symbol, the Crt-ss. Erotic Christianity worships the Divine Child, adores Mary His mother, and practically gives the Sunr<;me Deity an inferior place. Christ's wounds are dwelt upon in almost every hymn with perfervid ecstacy, and the Cross of Calvary is the foundation of faith and hope. To have inserted the Virgin in the Trinity would have been to literally imitate the older cults, so the Arkite d- ity of Tnebes or Babylon, a distinctly phalic one, whose will was interpreted hy the Jonah or Doves, gave rise to the Divine Messenger and Interpreter ihe Holy Ghost, the Dov« of Christianity. At all points our religion is lineally descended from tlie old. r and most ancient. We hare our Tree of Life, our Sun of llighteousness (uprightness), our Crjgs of Salvation, and the hope of an after life. We have al.'o a bitter aversion to the " old sernent" and " all his works," although we retain many of the latter in our rites aod ceremonies. The cardinal points of superstition have varied, and mankind have boxtd its coinpa«, so that at length fiey seem returning to their old love : the religion of Humanity and the worship of Nature. We are beginning to perceive that whatever is good and beautiful is natural, and that whatever is natural is also good and beautiful, Possibly t ie time is not far hence when we shall not be ashamed of our bodies with their organs and functions, or of any other work of God, hut shall see in all a Divine beauty of pride and praise, and shall again reeogn z2 as our Trinity the Father. Mother, and Child. While 400 women were bathing in Russia | a freahet swept away the building anl 200 t of them were drowned. 