LITERATURE. New Üooks and New Editions. -Mrs. Lance Rawson's "Australian Cook, and Laundry?"Book" (Knapton and- Company, Me't \- bourne) ls1 sent us by È. W; Cble, 333'Gcorge-streer. This handy little volume* forms a portion of ihs author's "Australian Inquiry Book." It contains a numbar of culinary recipes and directions; prin cipally intended for households on" a moderate seale, to which its simplicity, and avoidance of costly ingredients and apparatus, should do much to recommend it. The scope of the book is distinct ly Australian, and directions are given for dress ing such native "game" as the wallaby, the bandi coot, and even the flying-fox, whose evil odor, like that of the durian's fruit, ls stated to belie his edible qualities; The laundry hints, which conclude the book, may serve to abate something of the recurrent woes of "washing day." The latest additions to Hutchinson's Colonial Library are "Uncanny Tale«,", by Mrs. Molesworth, and ,"A Well-meaning Woman," by Clo. Craves. The former book consiste mainly of ghost stories of the .good old-fashioned order, without any new fangled psychological explanations. They are well described as "uncanny," being sufficiently beyond the philosophy of'the commonplace to merit that t'tle, while free from any excess of ghostliness, and not likely to haunt the reader's pillow with phantas mal terrors. They are told in the simple manner familiar to the many readers of Mrs. Molesworth's tales, in which,' as in the present ^example,.. it . attracts many who would be puzzled^oT^ repelled by more ambitious literary workmanship'.'i,^ -.' ,!A Well-meaning Woman"-tells oí-divers mar riages, mostly failures from one point" of view, pr another, and of a match- maker who is ^espon : Bible for several ôf them. The heroine-if such . she is-marries rank and wealth, including a hus band whose loutish qualities the author expends more skill in depicting than in rendering credible. On discovering tba1 he has a wife already-most people in the book are either more or less married than they ought to be-ehe bestows her hand upon ,the devoted lover whom she formerly rejected-a fe,w minutes after acceptance-on the ground of insufficient means. This is not a pretty story in itself; nor does thc writer exert hhs art to make it pleasing^ In the portraiture of the mean and disagreeable-, si qua est ea gloria-he certainly excels, as witness his picture of the "heroine's" younger sister, as nasty a little "toad" as one could find in fiction or" out of lt. The story labors under the disadvantage that it continuálly sug gests comparison with Thackeray, perhaps ospe^ cially in part of "The Newcotnes," a comparison *v which all its cleverness of delineation does not enable it to endure. These books are forwarded for review by Messrs. Geo. Robertson and Com pany. ; , " - -" ' . Prom Messrs. Robertson we have also an edition (Longman's Colonial Library) of Hall Caine's "The Deemster," perhaps his best-known and most characteristic story. It would be better if the publishers could have given us this "book in two volumes, since.it is only by email and close print ing that it can be brought within the limits of one. Sir Edwin Arnold's "Light of Asia" is another . valuable addition to Messrs: Longmans' colonial series. The present edition is worthy to be pre served in a more permanent form than that of its present paper covers. It is illustrated, by a portrait of the author, and by drawings of ancient Buddhist Scriptures, whose average antiquity is ah.out 2000 years. They represent the events des cribed in the poem, which has been the means of conveying to western readers the spirit, and not the dead letter only, of the- great religion of the East. ' ' - ? tn Macmillan's Colonial Library we have "The Queen of the Moor," by Frederick Adye, which ls sent to us by Messrs. George Robertson and Com pany. It is a tale of Dartmoor, and the daterypf. Hs opening is 1814, which suggests (nor falsely) that we shall hear of Waterloo before we come to the end.. Though it has little formal "plot," the fortunes of the actors will be followed with inter est by the reader; while the events in which they are engaged are often exceedingly stirring. The verbal pictures of Dartmoor scenery are delightful to all who are acquainted with the scenes they represent, and may be compared with Mr. Baring Gould's descriptions of the same region, than which, it less forcible, they are not less true. The account of the French prisoners of war at Prince town, the fox hunting in the moor, the boat-sail ing adventures, and the Waterloo scenes which come in rather unexpectedly towards the end of the bock, and are drawn-like Henry Kingsley's famous account of Balaclava-from the point of view of a private soldier engaged in them, are all excellent in their several ways, displaying a versa tility of knowledge on the author's part which would go far to redeem the faults of a worse book than the present. That the ways and speech ol the characters are more akin to those of our own day than appropriate to the Waterloo year, 5s a defect of art, ,but the gain tn vividness may he set off against the loss of accuracy. "The Queen of the Moor" is as agreeable in tone as in exi?cu .. - tion, and though not likely to take rank as a great hovel, it is a good and. thorough ly enjoy '? able one. - V / 