jSiKratetkit i(e Secret of the Tlpsh old ' Oh, Anton, what a terribly wicked man ho must be ! How ore we to treat him civilly, knowing all this 1 ' '? Wo must try, dear ; and what is more, we most not let him suspeot that he. ia found ont. Freeman advises, moreover, that we show no coolness to Patera, who. is snpposod to bo (partly, at leaat) in Tempest's confidence.' Bnt why has he not been urrested be fore now?' Asked ins very notnrauy. 'Because their proofs are not as com. plete as they oonld wisb. Yon sec, ho i disposed of his jewels at onco, and unless they can find the man who relieves him of them they cannot bring the thefts home to Tempest. They have traced |. three jewel robberies to him; bnt just ?jv . this ono link of .the'chain of evidence is | wanting, in each, though they think they l have fonnd the right man now, or rather j womanrfor bis accomplice ib suspected to I be a girl no older than yourself, my I queen.' J 'And then he will be arrested at ? once ? ' ' Yes— -if he gives them the chance, I that is. Evidently he knows he is not : safe here.' i ' Then why doos he stay 7 I am i euro we do not want him.' j ' Bnt yon will be civil to him, Iris ? i Remember what is at stake. I ' Y^a, dear, I will be civil to him. I Bnt I wish yon conld contrive for me j never to be . alone with him— or with !? Patra.' j The Courio smiled as she thus sng ' gested what he most desired to bring j about, and assured her that when he , himself could hot be with her Hugh ' should be her companion ; adding, with assumed carelessness— ' Patio might easily make her way into your private apartments on some excuse, I - and, apart from suspecting her to know I that Tempest is a rascal. I don't wit-h I ? yon to have anything more to say to her j than is absolutely necessary after what you told me last night.' J - 'I want yon to forget that, Anton. It was not right of me to betray her. I i - ought not to have allowed myself to — ' i; ' My generouB darling there is no J need for you to reproach yourself. Hay, i Iris, I'll hot listen, for— yes, you shall i know, ' or yon' will worry yourself v- into thinking that yon have mis I ? judged her; Pntru is no Miss St. p 'Helier at all* Hugh has recently come from Barbadoes, when he learnt that she wbb, when only sixteen, married to a j , yonng Englisbmah, called Wilfred Leve |' son. She soon tired of him, and he died mysteriously — some think she poisoned ; him.' ' 'Oh!' said Iris too horrified to ' ntter another syllable. CHAPTER X. | That Obristmas Eve was long re. I membered by every gueBt at Yolhynia. | It was the last day of the brief ! frost, and already the ice was J sufficiently thin, in t laces, for no ono re ' be surprised when the cry rang out — i ' Tempest is in the water !' i For an instant the whole party ! seemed paralysed into inactivity then I Hugh Bryanston skated swiftly to the dangerouB spot. I ' Why does Hugh risk his life for i such a villain ?' Iris Jsaid to hor hus ! band, as he clang to bis arm. j » Tempest saved his life, you know, j in China,' he answered reassuringly. I 'Do not fear, I have ordered ladders j ? and ropes to bo at hand. See 1 the I men are ready. I anticipated that some p odventnrons spirit wonld get a dnoking v. v this morning ; and, to do Tempest jnstice. be seems no coward, bnt rather a regular dare-devil.' ' Tempest had rather strained a point when, on first gaining an entrance into Volhyma, he had claimed friendship 1 with Hugh Bryanston. He bad indeed saved the young sailor's life; bnt j although Hugh had felt grateful to him, and had written gratefully of him, be j had not, as a matter of fact, upon I- further acquaintance, taken a very ! cordial liking to him, foeling that a J something, not easily defined, bnt not j altogether trustworthy, underlay his out ward charm of manner. Th e inde finable something Tempest had been at greator pains to concpal from Iris and ! her husband, bis motive for desiring j ' their friendship being an earnest hopo j of obtaining tbe far-famed jewels ?; which bad made the reputation of the i original colleotor — a bygone OountoBS | Popielinski, who had possessed, as a i marriago portion, so magnificent a i ' fortune that she fonnd it easy to gratify j her love for precious stones, r However, this splendid collection of ! jewels wob, fortunately, ont of Tempest's reach, being safely housed with the count's bankers. But. though Iris had in her possession i no trinkets except the few her husband had given her sinco ber marriage. Tem 1 pest had found plenty of attraction at Volyhyni in tbo person of Iris bereelf, his infatuation for ber being so great as to render bim caroless of bis safoty. i He was perfectly aware that his liberty was in danger — a danger in creased by every hour bo spent in Eng land, yet ho was determined not to leave without the woman ho so baselj loved, ber happiness and welfare being not of the slightest moment to him in biB supreme selfishness. This, at least, was known to the man who skated across that perilously tbin fee to tbe villain's assistance ; bnt, as the Count bad explained to bis wife, Hugh had his reason for going to Tempeat's rescue. Ho plunged into the water when the men came up with tbo ladders and ropes, Hueb baviDg fostoncd one of the latter about hi? waist. Hugh Bryanston was a noted swimmer apd diver, bnt a brief immer son in that icy water meant danger pyen to an export, and an imperative order was shonted to tbe mon to banl in tbe rope just us the two heads reap peared above tbe broken ice. , The connt bad despatched a messenger J to the cottage of 'his head gami-keeper, ; which was near, to 'bid them prepare for tbe temporary reception of two half drowned men, and another messonger was despatched for the village doctor to como and assist Dr. ? Heron, who had at onco taken the patients under his charge. Neither Hngh nor Tempest appeared to have receivo I much harm from thoir cold bath. Both quickly revived, and rapidly recovered strength and 'spirits ; bnt, of coarse, the skating party was broken np, the result being an excep tionally interesting afternoon— the in terest being of a somewhat weird nature. As snow fell thickly during lunch, and nobody was tempted | to vonture out of doors, it was suggested that the tolling of ghost stories was the most appro priate occupation for the twilight hours of Christmas Eve. Three people only were absent from the story-telling— Hugh and Tempest being forbidden by the two medical men to leave the hot blankets— in which they Kad been ' wrapped ere 'being conveyed from the keeper's cottage to Volhynia in a well-warmed brougham— nntil dinner time, and MisB St. Helier, who preferred to seek repose in her own room, after her bad night's rest. Christmas Day dawned fine ond cold, though the frost was only, sufficient to make the walk to church over tbe freBh white snow crisply pleasant. And the same variable weather occur red throughout the week— snow at intervals, a little frost, a temporary thaw, and so on each day, until Iris bpgan to wonder how she should enter tain the guests who openly lunged for another bard frost and plenty of skating It was a relief to ber wben the, last' da of the year dawned, for the count hod promised at dinner one evening that there should be an expedition to the hannted room in the tower , on that day. (7b be Continued) — ???— 1 ww— ^ mem W— i 