THE ORGANISTS GHOSTS.. It was Easter time, i The rafters of .the bid church had echoed' the merry a laughter and .! chatter of the young, people all the evening. Light .spirits had climbed, here . and there . decorating the. .time-worn: oak with long gar \- lands • of. green and flowers. Happy young people.they were, and, it gave me: pleasure to .watchjthem., Easter, carols had. been rehearsed for; the.^ast time, aud "now. • the: lights were turned" puf and'the young people had gone.. ' : Eaint voicesl on the' cool'..night; air broke through the; deep; tones of the organ as my fingers' pressed the keys. : I. played'softly to catch-the cheery good-nightsas'they.came back to me,; and .then, falling- into a reverie, the last hours of the day slipped away. Finally I left the keyboard, and with'lingering steps slowly felt my, way down , the ^narrow stairs of the organ loft. . I walked up the broad aisle, now a, dilsky .'green with the decorations in the sombfedarknesS ,of .the,deserted church. The wind 'moaned low and ominous, and then, ,.'gatheringforce,;it shrieked anA whistled .as'it ' swept" by the"windows.,; .With' a 'shiver .1.,drew my.cbat;closfer'hbout me, and giving a last look rbg'nd starte^rfo-'move down the aisle and go home.' . f,' ' "A. noise startled me, and my hand grasped the back of a pew. What was it? A sound, but surely not the organ J '■ I glanced up at the pipes I'-loved so- much, bu t they were lost in the deep,shadow. /i '^'et I heard it plainly. ; There it' was again 1 A low deep note followed by a sheohd, one... Tremblingly I brushed my hand across my face and tried to think. No one was up there; of that I was positive, and yet what was . touching the keys 1 Ghosts ? Some thing seemed to whisper the'name to me. The thought jangled in my head.It sent chill after chid through me—me who did not believe in ghosts. I tried to laugh the' thought away, but it was useless. Vague fears of whiteclad figurts- assailed me. • The solemn voice; of the bell in .the clock tower now began to toll the hour-, of midnight and the old church rever-. berated to its: deep tones. They' had an un cahny sound, and as the notes boomed out I stood rooted to the spot powerless. - A sense of .shame for.my fear crept over me, and when the last echo'• died away I started forward. I had moved a step when a curious . jumble of notes from the organ stopped me. Jt sounded as'; though ;a hand had been sud denly pressed oii to the keys aihd then'with drawn. 'I waited to hear it again; but instead ' fchero'came a' fearful clatter, and then a crash of. glass, followed by i a tinkling sound and what seemed' : like , a ; shriek. " Thoroughly frightened I clung, to one of'the pew backs. \- The organ loft had a fascinatioh'for me, and I stared into its black depths unable to take my eyes'away. 'I could see nothing in the dim ness,; and this. served to intensify my fear. Every moment I expected something to appear, but what T did not know.. It was a weird situation. , Outside the wind howled with unceasing force,-and it seemed as if'I now felt its cold sweeping: : aroririd me, < '- Suddenly the church grew brighter, 'and stream of strange bluish light' crept slowly along the edge of the organ loft.' I' watched it in fear as it stole higher and higher, uhtii its'beams'spread across , the front- of.' the organ. What was.that? My • mouth grew- hoi and dry and my knees shook. What were those tall blue-white shadows in the choir loft which were waving at me? They were pointing at me—mocking me.. " Ghosts !" I whispered, hoarsely, and then T shrieked aloud and clung to the pew back, while my voice echoed among the rafters.' 2fow they were growing red and green, always . pointing at me. I grew mad with fear, and shrieked again and again. A thousand voices answered : me, and with a bound I leaped over the pews and sped down the aisle. As-I did so- one of: the ghosts jumped from the loft, nearly striking me._ I dodged-it and rushed through the swinging doors out into the vestibule. ' The big outside door would' not open. I wept and raved, tugging at the handles, but they did not yield. Then I thought of the 'be31-:rope—the bell. It would sound the alarm. Like mad I ran to the little, room. ; If people heard the ball they surely would come. As I dashed open the door of, the room a patter of light feet and an unearthly howl sounded right behind me. I stumbled and fell forward un conscious. ::, ; '. ■ When' I came; to .it was daylight, arid'as I . slowly.rose I/recalled the horrors of the riigbt. With.daylight; however,' my ^ fears > had vanished," 'and ,I walked .into the" church ashamed of my terror.. One of ;the windows neaf the organ , loft'."had. blown operi, breaking the glass. VI now understood, that mysterious crash of, glass _and tinkling sound of, the night, " and with/ a nervous': little": laugh I .also., recognised . my. terrible ghosts. They were . nothing." more ' ' than*; a " few iriusic-sterids for . the Easter' orchestra. The" young people had carelessly throwri over them some of the white cloths' they had been using,. One of the starids was lying across the- backs of the pews beneath the organ loft.': This whs the one that jumped at me, doubtless blown over'.by a;|.pufi of wind.,' A glance at'the Stained- glass window, through which^ the early morning _ sun was. shining, . explained ; the colored hghts,'only'the irioon's rays had made therri more awesome. I laughed at my foolish ness. But what about the ..organ? That worried'me; and I sprang: up the: stairs to in • yestigate..' Curled up on the bench "was' the trick dog belonging to; the firediouso down the Btreet." How he got into the church" I' don't know, but it was his paws that' prishe'd down the keys of the organ.and it was his hbwls and pattering feet that helped to frighten .me." I felt' very, much iriclined :to punish him, .but instead I patted him kindly and left the,church. rr-Sdrpers '.Round:Table* 