ST. PATRICK'S DAY. — ^^ - .^ ? HIGH MASS -AT THE CATHEDRAL. SPORTS AT THE AGHICT'LTUKAL GROUND. THE GOVERNOR PRESENT. AT THE TOWN HALL CONCERT. The celebration of St. Patrick's Day in Sydney was a success in every respect. In point of weather nothing better could have been wished, and without being in the least boisterous the thousands of men and women who 'kept up' the festival displayed a genuine patriotic spirit. The churches, notably St. Mary's and St. Patrick's, were filled at the special Masses, and there was a great roll-up at the sports and the concert. As in 1S9G, the whole of the ar rangements were under the personal supervision of the Cardinal-Archbishop. AT THE CATHEDRAL. Since the Cardinal's arrival in Sydney, St. Patrick's Day has always been observed as a Festival, with Pontifical High Mass at St. Mary's. Last year additional interest was given the celebration at the cathedral by reason of the fact that the Cardinal was to unveil the magnificent new Irish Saints' ?window. This window is almost immediately above the statue of Ireland's Patron Saint, carved in whitest Oamaru stone, which was presented to the cathedral by the Hibernian Society. This year more than ordinary pains were taken to adorn the surroundings of the ' pale 'image.' The wall at the back of it was richly draped with damasks of green and cardinal, and at either side of the statue ?was a bannerette of much gold- bespangled emerald . green. St. Patrick Pray For Us ' was on one bannerette, 'St. Brigid Pray For Us' on the other, One could hardly see the pedestal for the flowers and foliage. There were also a number of lights half-hidden in fairy lamps. Further along in the eastern transept the decorator's art had been even more lavishly employed in the embellish ment of the altar of SS. Peter and Paul. This altar was used for the day as the shrine of the Irish Saints, and the precious relic was exposed to the veneration of the faithful. Many hundreds knelt at this altar in prayer during the day. But we have to speak of the High Mass. The congregation numbered quite 3000. His Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop presided, and his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney, was the celebrant of the Pontifical High Mass. The Rev. Mr. Bur ton was the deacon, and the Rev. Mr. J. Bergin the subrdeacon. The Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., was the assistant priest. At the throne the Cardi nal was attended by the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy and the Rev. B. Carey. The Very Rev. Dr. O liar an and the Rev. Mr. Mahony (of St. Patrick's Col lege) were the ceremonial directors. The clergy present included the Rev. Fathers Phelan, Whyte, and Bridge, of the Cathedral staff. All the ecclesi astical students from St. Patrick's College, Manly, were present, and under the direction of the Rev. Br. Burke they sang the Mass in Gregorian plain chant. The Rev. Patrick Dowling, one of the Manly Professors, was the preacher. THE DISCOURSE. ' How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings and that preacheth peace, of him that showetb. forth good, that preacheth salvation.' (Isaias, c. 52.) Immediately after the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles they began to announce to the world the glad tidings of the Gospel. Poor, un learned, and uninfluential though they were, their preaching was attended with marvellous success. Soon were they surrounded by thousands of con verts, and as the Apostles fell one by one in the midst of the battle with words of encouragement on their lips, their places were filled by a noble band of heroic pastors, who, by their burning words, their courage, their sufferings, and their vir tues, vanquished the majesty of the Caesars and placed the lowly Cross above the eagles of the Capitol. In a short time the faith of Christ was spread through the whole known world, and the face of the earth was changed. But there were islands in mid-ocean known only by fabulous accounts of their inhabi tants, and vast expanses of continents rendered impenetrable by impassable mountain barriers that still lay in darkness, and in the shadow of death. Hither no congenial ray of Christian sunshine had yet penetrated. Their inhabitants were yet steeped in the excesses of paganism. Among these forlorn nations to which the soothing words of the Gospel had not yet been pr.eached was Ireland. She, too, had her idols. She, too, had her vices. But her lclbiatry was. elevated and relined, for though her gods were mere creatures, they were not the work of Jiuman .hands — they were rather, those in which the one true God manifests in a striking manner His omnipotent p.ower — the sun, the glorious orb of day; tl-e moon that gilds with its reliected rays the gloomy shades of night ; the giant forest oaks that proudly raise their lofty heads and extend their ponderous arms in silent tribute to their Lord and Maker. Vices, too, had Ireland's children — but their viqes were redeemed by many natural virtues. Such was Ireland for 400 years after the foundation of ttye Christian Church. Siich was the nation to which St. Patrick, whose Feast we are celebrating to day, bent his steps. To you, dear brethren, the life of th.is great sain,t is too well known to need repeti tion. You know v.-fill of his oarlv canture bv Nial. the'lrish, chieftain, and of his life of slavery on the hills of Antrim as a shepherd boy. You know the life he then led — days of unceasing but unrequited labour, sweetened and lightened byj ejaculatory prayer and nights of meditation and communing with his God. You remember his marvellous escape, his return to his home, and his heroic, resolve of devoting the remainder of his life to the noble task of leading o,ap$iv-3 to the. sweet yoke of Christ that people which had so long kept him in ^g\Vob^e slavery. You have heayd ofS;en of his anxious years of preparation for his arduous mis sion, and you remember his wonderful career a? the Apostle of Ireland. All these events you know full 'well, and, therefore, I shall not enter to-day into an historical survey of our saint'a life. X shall gather invite your attention to the consideration of a lead ing cfyar.ae.tei'jstjc of the, Irish race— a characteristic, '^nich, next to the gift of unswerving faith, has T?eeri the richest inheritance bequeathed, us by our ' Rational Apostle. I refer to the missionary jjea^l of Ireland's children. From thousands ot al,tar,s in old Ireland to-day a,r,e asc.en'di^g %ot l^eaven, hym^s. oi praise and' thanksgiving fpr, the b^es^in^s cpnjjeW; eeJ on Ireland, by fche'rOjissi.on, o'ft ^rick^ ' IB''* ' — . — not in Ireland alone are the glories of Patrick sung. No, for the Catholic Church in every clime that owns her sway celebrates the Feast of St. Patrick. And justly so. For what people have yielded a more willing submission or have shown a more loving loyalty to the Catholic Church than the children of St. Patrick ? What people among all the nations of the earth have won greater numbers to the faith of Christ than the descendants of St. Patrick ? With pride then may we survey the glorious work iccomplished by our forefathers ; and with advan tage, too, for we shall realize that we are heirs to noble traditions which it is our duty to hand down unsullied to succeeding ages. In 432 St. Patrick landed on the shores of Ireland, and in the results that immediately followed we can see the realization of those beautiful words of Isaias : ' How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bring eth good tidings and that preacheth peace, of him that showelh forth good, that preacheth salvation.' In a few years the whole land was Catholic, and peasants, nobles, and kings vied with one another in ready submission to the doctrines of Christ. Churches, reared in splendid proportions, studded the land. Monasteries were built, and were soon crowded with holy monks. Convents were erected, and hither flocked number.? of noble maidens who, despising the vanities of the world, chose as their dowry the priceless treasure of virginity, and as their spouse the Son of the Most High. But though these monks and nuns had fled from the busy world to the silence of the cloister, theirs were not use less, idle lives. By their kind and gentle sympathy they softened the hardest hearts. By their hospi tality to the stranger and pilgrim they manifested the true charity of the Gospel. By their lives of untiring zeal they roused the weak and faint hearted from the state of spiritual torpor. And by the example of their exalted virtues they led many to the highest degree of perfection. But such seraphic virtue could not remain unknown and hidden away within the sacred enclosures. And so the renown of the splendour of their virtues and of their sanctity was wafted across the surrounding ocean, and won for Ireland a name compared with which all others ' must pale their ineffectual fires.' In distant lands Ireland was known as the ' Island of Saints.' And here we have the root, the foun dation, the fountain-head of perhaps the most strik ing characteristic of the Irish race since its conver sion — its missionary spirit — for the same breeze that wafted to foreign lands the reputation of the Irish for sanctity, conveyed to distant shores many sons of the Emerald Isle eager to disseminate the good tidings of the Gospel. But not for sanctity alone was Ireland eminent. She was famous also for knowledge. Like twin sisters, learning and virtue grew up together, and advanced majes tically through the land, hand in hand. For 400 years after its conversion Ireland was the the island sanctuary of religion and learning. Extinguished in other' lands, the torch of learning was kept alight (and tended with redoubled care) in the Isle of the West. During those years darkness brooded over the fairest fields of Europe. A wild invasion of victorious barbarism swept across the continent and filled it with ruin. Amidst these frightful scenes of confusion and anarchy Ireland stood as a mighty lighthouse unmoved by the raging storms of barbarism and casting its benign rays over all Europe. Her schools, ' Lives of industry and homes of learning,' were thrown open to friends and foes alike, and thither flocked thousands of scholars from Britain, France, Germany, Italy, and even from the far East. From these scholars the Irish heard the most harrowing accounts of the for lorn state of surrounding nations, and from the overflowing fountains of practical faith and piety of noble and generous works, that welled up through out the Emerald Isle, the children of Erin deter mined to divert some refreshing streamlets on the arid wastes extending far. Thus went forth band after band of missionaries to proclaim the Divine message to the nations wandering blindly in the darkness of paganism, to rekindle the lamp of learning so rudely quenched by the rising tide of barbarism, and 'to strengthen and encourage the weary traveller on his journey to his heavenly home. Soon the whole continent of Europe, from the ice-bound shores of Scandinavia to the sunny plains of Southern Italy, from the verdant banks of the Thames to the picturesque sources of the Rhine and Danube, re-echoed with the fame of their elo quence and sanctity. Neither persecutions nor difficulties ever stopped their progress. The har dened hearts of the Goths, the bloodthirsty charac ter of the Huns, the uncontrollable fierceness of the Burgundians, all yielded alike to the fervour of the Irish Apostles. What Irishman's heart so craven as not to swell with noble pride when he thinks of the labours of St. Cqlumba in Scotland, of St. Aidan in England,, of St. Columbanus in Gaul, Germany, and Ita.lv, of St. Colman in Austria, of St. (Tall in Switzerland, of St. Virgilius in Corinthia, and of a host of others with whose names history's page is resplendent ? Yes, brethren, let us ever remember with pride that Scotland, Belgium, Switzerland, the chief parts of England, France and Germany, and many other places in Italy are indebted for the gift of faith to the zeal of Irish missionaries. Thus did Irelarid begin her great work of evangeliz ing Europe, and nobly did she continue in succeed ing centuries to,, add fresh laurels to her already glorious crown. I have now come to perhaps the darkest period in the history of Ireland — an era, however, during which from time to time meteors of extraordinary splendour, flashing across the sta,r Iprs skv. lip-hted un thn ^loomv dome of heaven, and lisplayed agam in bold relief the ancient glories mil pride of Erin. I refer to what is generally sailed 'the time of the persecutions.'' For three hundred years the ingenuity of wicked rqen, insti gated by the fiendish hatred, of hell, tried 'every expedient to u,nder.mine. the faith of the Irish, to corrupt their roprals, and to, seduce them from their allegiance to. the Church of Rome. But in vain. What though confiscation robbed them of their lands, what though imprisonment and, exile tore asunder, the domestic ties, what though torture and death often stared them in the face; yet the children of St. Patrick continued tru,e to the rock of Peter. Well might the motto of Ireland during these per;lo.u,8 times have hGewvulncrata.nnn.vipta, wounded bu,t not vanished. Tom, bruised, bleeding, chained, mangled, and, tortured almost into e^eath, Ireland often Jay at th.e feet of her plenties?,, persecutors,, bw spiritless, subdued, and, eott.qu.er.edj— nevei;-. And if taking in ha,nd th.e Vunp.oij liist;oi.'y Vt« S--6©» iv*' obscurity of the. future we musft mw elusion, that; the jjusiioe «& In*- ' theYon- snui£uimrn*' -nds demands will Alif aln* , and that her independent ...ued by the shackles of slavery, will ..„, and proclaim to the world that she is . once more a nation free. And when that glorious J day will dawn, emblazoned on Ireland's spotless flag will be her proudest boast — true to faith and fatherland. One would naturally imagine that this period of robbery, violence, and persecution would not have been a suitable time for missionary enterprise. Yet in the records of history we find the names of innumerable Irish priests and monks scattered through the whole known world, who penetrated into countries till then unvisited by European travellers, and courageously crossed mountain ranges that till then had presented insuperable bar riers to the advance of the Cross. In perils by land and perils by sea these zealous missionaries carried on the good work so ably begun by their fore fathers. The indifferent and careless they reani mated and filled with the spirit of true Christian virtue; the weak and suffering they consoled and strengthened, and everywhere they kindled the double lamp of faith and knowledge. This was the work of the priests and monks ; but not less effec tual, not less glorious was the part played by the Catholic laymen of Ireland during this perilous epoch. Forcibly torn by confiscation and exile from the land thev loved so well, thev noblv up leld in foreign lands the reputation of the Irish race for virtue and sanctity, and by the example of their saintly lives they daily subjected hearts to the sweet yoke of Christ. Thus did the sons of the Emerald ? Isle during persecutions that would have dimmed and, perhaps, even extinguished the light of faith in the heart of any other people, not only preserve alight the torch of truth, but even enkindled in (carried to) distant lands the noble fires of virtue and learning. Gradually, however, the persecutions faded away, and a new era began for the Irish Church. And what is the result ? Just as after a tempest, a sea- gull rising from the crest of a wave shakes the foaming spray from its wings and seems fresher and more lively than before, so Ireland, emerging from the ravaging storms of brutal perse cution, shook off all traces of lethargy and applied herself with renewed vigour to her great work — the evangelization of the nations. Now, as of old, the Irish missionaries are the standard-bearers of Christianity. A little thought suffices to make us realize the truth of this. In France, Germany, Italy, and other European countries are to be found numbers of pious and learned Irish ecclesiastics marshalled against the spirit of false liberty now so rampant. True it is that in these lands Irish mis sionaries are not now as numerous as heretofore, but the reason is that they have transferred their sphere of action to fields that present a far wider scope and that more urgently require their services. Wherever the English language is spoken, thither the Irish missionaries now direct their steps. In great numbers are they to be found in Australia, the United States, Canada, India, South America, the West Indies, and the numerous islands of the Pacific. In Canada and in the United States the Catholic Church is in a most flourishing condition, but there, too, the heralds of the glad tidings have been without doubt the Irish missionaries. In the United states, for instance, two-thirds of the hierarchy have been born in Ireland, or are of Irish descent, and amongst the priests there is almost the same proportion. And what shall I say of the Church in Australia, or of the labours of the Irish pioneer priests in planting here tho3e seeds of vir tue and patience and self- sacrifice that are now producing such glorious fruit? You know better than 1 what the Catholic Church in Australia owes to the zeal of Irish priests. For years and years many of you have watched their labours, and you have observed with pride that in their exertions and sac rifices they have proved themselves to be worthy descendants of those saintly heroes who, in the dark penal days, kept alive the faith in Ireland by sharing with the persecuted peasant his hardships, his dangers, and his poverty. Yes, the Australian Church to-day owes its proud position to the zeal of the children of St. Patrick. But, brethren, need lessly do I dwell on the influence of the ecclesiasti cal portion only of the Irish race. Judging by the touchstone of experience, we know that not only the priests, but the whole Irish people are imbued with this missionary spirit. An all-wise Providence seems to have ordained that Irishmen cannot attain at home the comfort and independence for which the human heart yearns. Driven by iniquitous laws and the oppressor's wrong from the land they love, they seek in other climes the rank and influence denied them at home. And wherever they goQthey carry with them in honest and generous hearts an over flowing fountain of deep and unswerving faith, and wherever they dwell they raise the cross on high and under its shadow practise the virtues taught them, in holy Ireland. And thus, wherever Irish men go they scatter broadcast the seed of faith and that sacred seed blessed by a loving God takes root, and watered by the sorrows and afflictions of the exiles produces an abundant harvest. Is it any wonder then that Cardinal Vaughan, the Jingush Archbishop of Westminster, has sorna tirae since declared that ' the children of St. Patrick have built up the Catholic Church in all the lands to which they have gone.'' Yes, brethren, the sons and daughters of Ireland have always been chil dren of light. By their ardent zoal and generous faith, by their unfaltering honesty and uncompro mising truth, by their manly courage and stain less purity they show to a cynical world the sublimity of the Catholic faith. We are assembled here to day to honour St. Patrick, and in honouring him to honour our country. We still honour both by being true to our Apostleship. Born in Ireland or of Irish parents you, have a character to uphold — a repvtfa* tion to sustain. See that you, do so. Whether oi lowly or exalted station, be true to yc,™ state of life. ' Honour; and shame from no condition rise, Act well your part— tb.oi'e all tli,e honour lies.' Realize the. dignity, the responsibility of the posi tion you o.equpy — descended from heroes smdjs.ai.nt 5. Falter not when the motives of your fa.ith, ar,e attacked by the frivolous sophistry of, perverted} : hearts. Blush not w,hen the cold, stoicism, oij 1jb,-j- world smiles with der,isipn, on yous reliigiAViK, jgKAO ? ticfis. Fear j^ot when ignorant bjgo,t?,y w'' ? you in a clouds of calujnriy a,nd[ o^toviij?' . ~iops I -syitij, the- protecting. n?g.is, $$ ««??-'' . Covered i Chu,rch can laugh, to, ?&«*»? s' ^i\ the Catholic \ ahe. is b.uiilt;, u^ji -i *- ' Mese feeble attacks, for : tfee- eSo.vSs in*'' ,,,. nmi +he more determined ay» d-~ ae tQ uproot her the mOre striking iy aionstrated her beauty, her truth, her power, and her stability. And as the Feast of St. ratnelt brings before our minds the dear little Shamrock, to you to-day I say let its triple leaf ever remind you of the threefold duty you owe to your faith, to hl land, and to Australia. Be true, then, to youi faith, ; and let the light of your ? gooi example so shine before men that they vrill be lea to see the beauty of the faith you profess, the sublimity of its' doctrines, and the wisdom oi its precepts. Be true also to old Ireland. Let her honour, her glory, and her reputation be dear to you. Let her freedom enlist your warmest sympathies, and let your hearts ever throb with joy for her victories, with sorrow for her woes. Coward, caitiff, traitor must he be who, descended from Irish parents, reveres not the ancient and illustrious memories of Ireland — the land in which repose the ashes of his forefathers. Never be ashamed, there fore, of the land of your ancestors. It is a land of scholars, a land of saints, a land of martyrs, a land of heroes, a land with a record of noble deeds un paralleled in the world's history. Be true also to Australia. Be honest, upright citizens of the young country of golden hopes, which as the years go by will achieve great things for progress and freedom. Many a happy home has it afforded to our brothers driven from Ireland by the merciless hand of the rackrenter, or by the relentless arm of unjust laws. By being thus faithful to our faith, to Ire land, and to Australia our lives will be enshrined in a shamrock of virtues ; we shall be an ornament to our religion, we shall win many from the error of their ways to the truth of the Gospel, and we shall prove ourselves worthy children of our glorious father— St. Patrick. 