Notes and Comments. Sensible and Practical A group of theosophists arc now with us in Sydney, who boast that tlioy diller from the other thooso])lii.sts, who, on other occasions, ? lnvvo il ium inatod this city by their presence, in as iimuli as they are 'sensible, practical' people, entirely devoid of any enthusiastic craze or pausing fad. The only ' sonsiblo and practical ' tiling about thoin that wo notice is their perfect conviction of the truth of the inspired writer's remark, that ' the number of fools is infinite,' and that a largo percentage of this number dwell around the shoros of the ' beautiful har bour' of Sydney. For surely not to people of intelligence or brain, woidd they come and dare oll'or their crude, clumsy wares about ' truth and brotherhood,' and a general union of all religions by faith in the reappearance of Madame Blavatsky and of becoming a disciple of Mr. Judge. Cer tainly, many thoosophists are wise in their generation, and roaliso whore the pastures of morbid sensationalism and cant are ever green, and where the rivers of ignorance ever sweep darkly by. They should make Sydney then the head quarters of their operations, for didn't the Sydney 'Tele- graph' publish two columns of woary drivel in the shape of an interview given by a gentleman in tan shoes, in the Australia Motel in -which was duly recorded the fact that an old Irish lady on one occasion mistook Madame Tingley for the Blessed Virgin. Wo fancy tho 'Telegraph' wouldn't stull' its columns -with this insane old-womanly blatherskite were it not that it. understood that it would bo agrooablo to Hoveral of its readers. So if tho present thousophists in Sydney are tho 'sensible, practical ' people that they claim to bo, they will stay hero and livo, thrive, and become worshipped and mistakon for tho Blessed Arirgin, and inhabit fashionable hotels, or reside in beautiful suburban resi dences, ai)d admit the Governor into their brotherhood, and not oontomn-his wines, champagnes, etc. All this would bo sensible and practical beyond the shadow of a doubt. Tho 'literature of Fodoration is A Hitnjily becoming overwhelming. Golden lr°i' tho man who can write a Era. lotter to tho newspapers, this is indeed tho golden era in Aus« -tralia. There are so many things that tho country would never know about. Federa tion only for him, and if ho doesn't apeak out tlioro are ho many things that design ing men would entirely suppress. So ho is daily increasing and multiplying in tho land, ni .id certainly not to him bo tho blame if wo soon have not, as an accomplished fact, tho gravost and most perfect form of Govern ment that with porfect adaptation to all tho needs of tho entire community, and of each individual thereof, will rival what wo \isod to road about in school as tho 'music of tho sphores.' Of course, the only quality essential to him that ho may write long, learnedly and vohoinontly on Federation, and warn tho masses against tho pernicious views of everyone else on that subject, is complote and absolute iguorance of the whole question. This granted, ho wields his pen or his tonguo with tho graco, ease and dexterity with which a brilliant per former on tho violin can wield tho bow, or measure with marvellous precision the. man- fold and intricate places on tho finger board that can be made to emit sounds of brightest or sweetest tono, and of most enchanting ((utility. - This granted, now will ho pathetically appeal to us to keep a steady eye on the dark schomos of tho Protectionists, and a littlo later ho will lie sure to catch tho Froo-tradors in somo 'Gunpowder Plot,' to slu'vor tho uasciont constitution to atoms. His eagle vision will thon swoop over Quoensland, Victoria and South Australia, and everywhere will he find evidences of men being engaged in thwarting and frustrating tho growth of Australian nationality. For him, there is no rest, Urged omvard by the irresistible spirit of burning patriotism, ho must daily appear in the columns of tho 'Herald' or 'Telegraph,' making mauifost to all that he will gain Australia at this critical junc ture' of hor existence, or bury himsolf beneath hor ruins. Somo Anglican dignitary A it seems, from recent Oonnumdrum. cables, has boon writing home to tho Anglican papers explaining that tho Sydney Anglican Primate, on some occasions, in making some remarks about the union of the churches, made, 'a fatal mistake.' Wo never heard, in our life timo, of any remarks of Dp, Smith that oausod, any tremendous excitement or consternation oitder in Aus tralia or England, to say nothing of America, Franco,' Spain or Germany, etc. , and wo daro say that thore are io\y living people that have tho faintest recollection of the nature: of his ;rouiarks that are said to have been a ,' fatal mistake.' Certainly wo have not, but wo are. quite sure that tho Anglican Primate is not a revolutionary, nor does ho take any interest in tho pastimes of those M'ho go hunting after deep and novel ideas. If ho spoke, therefore, at all about tho .Reunion of tho Anglican and Catholic Churches, wo are prepared to wager a modest sum that ho kept strictly within tho limits of orthodox Anglicanism. In other words, ho must have expatiated on^the tyranny of the Papacy, the intolerance of the Roman claims, the debt of gratitude the world owes Anglicanism for giving it men like himself, the necessity of the people being accorded free permission to read the Bible, the sinfulness of 'adoring' the Blessed Virgin, the intimate connection between Catholicity and ignorance, its close proximity also to duplicity, stratagem and cunning, and its general and persistent opposition to man's freedom, and to every thing that is good and desirable in this world. If ho said all this, as wo think he did, how could he have made 'a fatal mistake ?' He -was only saying what with aj-paling monotony the great body of Anglican parsons and bishops has been say ing for the last few hundred years. If he didn't say all this, but something else, then he showed that he was approaching some what towards fact and truth — and even for an Anglican bishop to move . in that direc tion cannot be 'a fatal mistake.' Mr. Balfour has been re Cool ceiving the plaudits of his Impudence. Tory friends by low sneers at the Irish, and by de claring that the poverty of Ireland is such that home Rule would spell for that coun try total insolvency. He could not, if he tried, have advanced a strangor argument for Homo Rule. It is tho admission that after one hundred years of English rule Ireland is tho most impoverished country in the world, and that if she is to continue dragging on hor wrotched existence she must have alms doled out to her from the Imperial Treasury. How English statesmen are not ashamod to make' statements of this kind passes comprehension. They pose as being the most enlightened and progressive rulers on earth, or anywhere else for that matter, that their rule is the most boneficont, and yet Ireland has had tho advantages of all their wisdom, experience, beneficence and kindnoss, etc., for one hundred years. And yet Mr. Balfour says that he is so wretchedly poor that enough could not be raised from taxes for the efficient carrying on of a Home Rule system of Government. In strange contrast is this last Balfourian pronouncement in Irish affairs to the ones he was accustomod to make in the days of his '.'Don't hesitate to shoot ' regime. Then ho used to toll us that Ireland was the most happy, pros porous and contontod country under tho sun, and that tho only troubles ,or difficul ties in that country were caused by design ing agitators working for their own interests and living on tho guileless sym pathy of tho peasantry. The peasants, ho maintained, then longed to pay rent, if they wore but allowed, and nothing used to cause in them more delightful sensations than a blow from a policeman's baton, or tho spectacle of their burning homesteads. Tho agitators, howover, caused disturbance and confusion by preaching that evictions savored of cruelty, and that it -was incon sistent with tho dignity of human skulls to have teem broken in pieces by hireling policemen and soldiery. Now, Mr. .Balfour changes his tone and 'says they love not ' rent- paying,' but whiskey drinking,' and that miserably poor as they arc under him and his Tory friends, they would bo.' more under themselves. Tho cool impudenao of this dilletanto motnphysioinn and, drawing room idol. A sorios of letters has boon handed About into tho 'Herald' recently of a RuillS. most conflicting and contradictory nature, but all ag'roolng. on one point that tho Anglican Church in the colony could not very easily bo in a more un enviable position, Only seventeen per cent, it appears, of Anglicans have sufficient faith in Luther, or whoever established their soot, to induce them to attend church on Sundays, Various causes are assigned for this religious IndiHurouoe — the incapacity feebleness and antiquated ideas of tho old parsons — the numbers and eccentricities of tho younger] ones— the tyranny of tho bishops, and' tho gouoral perversity of, tho people. None of course dreamed of assigning tho real ca'use — tho inherent weakness' and rottenness of Anglicanism as a religion, As an endowed institution, it -was strong enough with worldly strength — but religious state endowments are, now solely but 'bright dreams of the past,' and so Anglican churches are be coming desolate and empty, atid aro being put up for auction, while parsons, wives and children,. are devoting all their energies to the despairing task [of _ keeping away the 'wolf '[from the door, [and the parsons themselves have no song to sing except the melancholy one, '0 leave me to weep.' The 'Herald' devoted a leader on Monday to'philosophic reflections on the crumbling ruins of the Anglican edifice, and seemed to console itself with the assumption that every other denomination was equally fail ing, and that the wives of the ministers of other religions also were not at present accustomed to 'feast sumptuously ' and ta clothe themselves in 'fine linen.' One would think that by this time the ' Herald '. ought to have discovered that - there is such a thing as the Catholic Church in Australia, and that more tjian seventeen per cent, of its members attend mass and practise the other duties of their religion, and that its priets are not troubled with wives, not to speak of starving ones, or family cares. The 'Herald' is also unfair when it attributes the decay of Anglicanism to the Aveakness, and ignorance of tho parsons. They are common men like the ordinary members of any other profession. Brilliant lawyers, doctors and politicians, are exceptions, and Swift and Sterne wero parsons. ' One of the most intorest A ing cables for Catholics Free Church, that we have noticed for some timo was the one on Tuesday, announcing that tho Papal Ambassadors at Vienna, Paris, Madrid and Lisbon had notified their respective Govern ments that the Papal elections in the future were to bo free from political control. There was a time, of course, when tho kings, and rulors of Europe were loyal devoted. Catholics, and then there was nothing, objectionable in their having a voice in the election of candidates for the Papacy, though oven thon the intrigues of the various countries to secure tho election of. their favoaite cardinals were frequently the cause of grave scandal and confusion. Things are, however, now entirely changed. The Government of Europe is in tho hands of Freemasons and Jews, of whom several are the open and avowed enemies, of the ?Pope and religion, and to permit such men to interfere in Papal elections would lie derogatory to the dignity of the head of. the Church, and would bo dangerous to the best interests of religion. In making the= Papal elections free from political control, Leo XIII. has again wonderfully proved, how faithful ho is to the enlightened and almost inspired policy that he has followed since ho was raised to the Parti Hoato o,. putting not his trust in Kings, Princes, Governments and men of banking accounts, but in God, and in tho great heart of the' masses of humanity, that ever boats for justice and truth. Like an immense giant,, He is breaking in pieces one by one tho fetters, in which state diplomacy and. chicanery have so long hold the Church and. impeded her beneficent action among the sufl'oriug, struggling people. Ho is realis ing in all Bis public actions tho ideal PontifV and Pastor, for which tho best and. tho most deep thinking Catholics of the. world for tho past hundred years have been, yearning and sighing. Long may Ho reigtii over us. As Parliament is closed., Journalistic and, as tho people now Makeshifts, demand the broad of practi cal information on Federa tion, while our great loaders in that question have nothing to ollbr them but the hard stone of vaguo, sonorous, indefinite rhetoric, tho nowspapors have boon almost driven to desperation during tho week for something to writo about. Tho whole; land before them seemed gloomy,, sad and', desolate, but from all these dark clouds, tho proverbial silver lining was not absent. Some one fortunately happened to be, buried in a confused awkward way in, Melbourne, and somebody else happened', to bo buried in^a confused awkward way In Sydney. Hero was a veritable oasis In tho sandy desert of newspaper sterility., It opened up a mighty prospect of gladness, and relief to tho fagged and. woary quill-' drivers, it was as a rushing of sparkling, waters In which for many days they might* slako their insatiable thirst for popular in teresting subjects. So articles at once1, poured out on tho awkward burial In Mel bourne* and articles at once poured out on. the awkward ditto In Sydney'., , Then, of. course, tho whole question of burials — touching on tho manner of «onduutlng them* iii ancient Mesopotamia and in tho out-lying ?confines of Japan in tho days past — had to lie dealt with. Tin's naturally led to the pertinent inquiry what had the gentlemen of spectacles and care-worn faces, who modestly call their twaddle and scrihble 'modem science,' to say on the subject? Or whether the most consoling balm that could be applied to the human heart, amidst the manifold ills of life, would not be the certainty of being cremated after death? Where it will stop now wo don't know, but bad as Parliamentary debates wore for en-, livening the public, they wore certainly a little better than the rising Hood of litera ture on ghouls, ghosts, graves, corpses, coffins, undertakers, sextons, bones, dust, and putrih'cation. 