[?] ' the Christian. rf\ BY HALL 0A1NE, Author op "The Manxman." SECOND BOOK.— THE RELIGIOUS / LIFE. . XIII. - - ' ' The stars were : puling, but the any lmd 1 not yet dawned,- when-, there came a knock ' at the door. John started tand- listened. : After an interval the knock was repeated. It was a timid, hesitating, tup, as-if made : - „.;th the tips of the fingers low down on the door. ; . "Praise be to God!" said John, and he drew the slide of . the grating. He had ex pected to' see' a face outside, but there was nothing there. . . "Who is it?" lie asked, and -there came no answer. He took up the lamp tlint was kept burn- ' irig in the hall and looked out through the bars. There was nothing: in. the darkness but mi icy mist which, appeared to be rising . from the ground. . "Only another - of . my - dreams," ho thought, and lie laid his hand on the slide to close it. : .r:. . Then he heard a sigh which seemcd to rise out of the ground, and at the same moment the dog uttered a. deep bay. He laid hold of the door and pulled-it quickly open. At his feet the figure : of a man was kuecling, bent double and huddled up. "l'uul!" he cried in an excited whisper. Brother Paul raised his head. 'His face was frightfully- changed.. It was grey and wasted and disordered. His eyes wandered, his lips trembled, and lie looked -like a man who had been flogged. "Good Lord, what a wreck!" thought John. He helped lum to rise and enter. The poor- creature's limbs were Btiff with cold, and lie stumbled from weakness as he crossed the threshold. . "But, thank God;, you are back and no harm done!" said John. .."How anxious we've been! You must never go out again —never! . There, brother, .sit there." The wandering eyes' looked up with a supplicating expression. "Forgive me, Brother Stottn-"-!" . But . John would : not listen. "Hush, brother! what hive 'I tb'/ forgive? 'How cold you are! -Your hands arc like ice. . What can I do? There's, no lire in the house at this time of night— even in the kitchen it .will be out now, -But wait, I can rub you with ray hands. See, I'm warm and strong. ThereV a- deal/of ;blood in. mo -yet, That's better;-, ian't it?- Tingling, eh? That's right— that's good! - Now ' for your feel— your feet will be.eolder. still." : "No, brother, no: -I ought to be kissing the feet of everybody in the house and ask ing the prayers of the community, and yet you " . "Tut! what nonsense! Let me lake off this shoo. Dear. me, -how" it sticks! Why, you've worn it through and through. Look! IVJint a mercy the snow was hard! If tliere bail been thaw, now! How far you must have walked!" "Yes, I've wandered : a long way, bro- the'r." ' . -"You 'shall tell me all about it. I want to hear everything— every, single thing." /'There's nothing, to tell. -: I've Jailed in my errand— that's all." John, who was on.his: knees, drew back and looked up.with a light in his eyes which ; no word could express. . . "Do you mean, then. . ; . Have you not seen your sister?" "No, she's gone, and nobody knows any thing about her." ; "Well, perhaps it's for . the best, brother. God's will be done, you know. If you had found her— who knows?— you might have been tempted; but tell me everything." "I cannot do that; I'm so weak, and it's not worth while.".- : "But I want to hear all that happened. Bee, your feet arc all right now — I've rubbed them warm again. Though I fast so much and look so . thin I've a deal of life in me. And I've been pouring it all into you, : haven't I? That's because I want you to re- ' l!ve a"d be strong and tell me everytbing, ' ' "Ush! speak low, -don't waken anybody! J'ou find the hospital?"'- . : . "Yes."' ' "Then Nurse Qunyle sees nothing of your sister now! That's the pity of the life she is leading, poor, girl!- No friends, no future ; "It wasn't, that; brother."" . "Wluit then?" "The nurse.: was -.not: there." A silence followed, and thon Jolm said, in another voice, "I suppose she was on lioli- nay. It was very stupid of. me; I didn't think of that. Twice; a-, year a hospital , . nurse is entitled to a week's holiday, and no \- doubt " "But. die was gone.' « "Gone? You mean' loft-the hospital?". Yes.".- ' - Well," m a husky; voice; "that Isn't; to . he woadered.at either. A high spirited girl. V n lt hard to. ho bound down to rule and . Relation. But the porter— ho is an iutel- hgent man— he .would tell, you where: she bad gone to." .... . .: J asked him — lie didn't know. All lie could say was. that she left the hospital on the morning of Lord. Mayor's show day." ; : SvJxS?on in da?w,Hfnm?"1<l bC 9th November— the uay ue took our vows." 'f',cra was UEother pause; the big dark ejes were wandering vacantly. fnr ti!tcr "I1' he ?n,y a porter; you asked for the matron, didn't you?" , 'Tr 1 thought. sho might know wlint hud become of my sister. But slie didn't. As 'or. Nurse Qunyle, she lmd been dismissed her" " ody kuew anything about \- John had seated himself at Paul's side, and the form itself was quivering. "Now, that's just like her," he said hoarsely. That matron was always a hard woman. And to think, that in that great house of love and pity nobody " "Wlint is ft ?" sometllin& brother." „„nTi'? Ppi'tcr told mo that the nurse l lctte/P I/me to time. She hour before! 6 n,ght-"ot half a" "Then you followed her, didn't you? You hm- ricd'nfierher?" g0nC' a"d y0U Yes; but halt an hour in London is a week anywhere else. Let anybody cross the street and she is lost— more lost to sight than a ship 111 a storm on the ocean. And then it. was New Year's eve, and the tho roughfares were crowded, and thousands of women were coming and going— and— what could I do.' he said helplessly. Jolm answered scornfully, "What could 5o?" U me w'lat could you "What would you have done?" I should have tramped every street in .London and looked into the face of every woman I met until 1 lmd found her. I should have worn my shoc3 to the welt and my skin to a the hone before I should have Ci011?iei cnbng home like a snail with my shell broken over my head." ! "Don't be hard on mo, brother, least of all now, when I hnve come home like a snail, as you say, with my shell- broken. 1 was very tired and ill and did all 1 could do. if I had been strong like you and brave hearted I might have struggled longer. But I did tramp the streets and look into tho women s laces. She must have been among them, if she's living the life you speak of; but God would not lot me find her. Why was it that my search was fruitless? Per haps there was evil in my heart' at first— I don't mind telling you that now— but I swear to you by Him who died for us that at last I only'wantcd to find my sister that I might save her. But 1 am such a helpless ereature, and " John put his arm about Paul's shoulders. , Forgive me, brother. I was mad to talk to you like that— I who set you out on that cruel night and stayed at home myself. You did what you could " "You think that — really?" "Yes, only at tho moment it seemed as if we had changed places somehow, and it was I who had lost a" sister and been out to hnd her, and given up the search too soon and come home empty, and useless and broken spirited and " Paul was looking up at him with a face full of astouishnicnt. "Do you really think I did all I could to find hen— the nurse, I mean?" But John had turned his own face away and there was no answer. Paul tried to snj' something, but lie could not find the words. At last, in a choked voice, lie murmured, "We must keep close together, brother; we are in the same boat now." And, feeling for John's hand, he took it and held it, and they sat some mjnutcs with bowed heads, as if a ghost were going by. . "There's nothing hut prayer and penance and fasting left to us, is there?" Still Jolm made no reply, and the broken ercnture began to comfort him. "We hnve peace here at all events, and j-ou wouldn't think/what temptations come to you in the world when you ve lost some body, and there seems to bo nothing left to live for. Shnll I toll you what I did? It was in the early morning and I was stand ing in a doorway in Piccadilly.- The cabs and the crowds were gone, and only the night- men were there swilling up the dirt of the pavements with their hose pipes and water. My poor girl is lost," I thought. "We shall never see one another again. This wicked city has ruined her, and our mother, 'who was so holy, was fond of her when she was a little child." And then my heart seemed to freeze up within me— nnd I did it. You'll think I was mad— I went to the police sta tion and told them I lmd committed acrime. Yes, indeed; I accused myself of murder and began to give particulars. It was only when they noticed my linhit that I remembered the. Father, and then I refused to answer any more questions. They put me in a cell, and tliat was where I spent the night, and next morning I denied everything and they let me go." " Then, dropping his voice to a hoarse whisper, he snid, "That wasn't what .brought- me hack, though. It was the vow. You can't think what a . tiling the vow is until you've broken' it. It's like a hot iron searing your very soul, and if you were dy ing, and at the furthest ends of the earth, and you hnd to crawl on; your hands. and knees, you would come back " 1-Ie would have snid more, but an attack of coughing silenced him, and when it was over there was a sound of some one moving in the house. "What is that?" : "It is the Father," said John. " "Our voices hnve wakened him."- Paul struggled: to his feet. . "It's only a life of pennnce and suffering you've come back to, my poor lad." "That's nothing— nothing at i.qJL . . . But are you sure you think I did cyery- "Yon did what you could. Are you going somewhere?"' "Yes, to the Father. ' v -. "God bless you, my. lad! ' . "And God bless you tod; brother!. Half an hour later, by the order of the Superior, John Storm, with Brother An drew and the fnther-minister carried Bro ther Taul to his cell. The hell had been rung for lauds, and going up the stairs they passed the brothers coining down to service, News of Paul's return lmd goue through the house like n'cutting wind, and certain of the brothers who had gathered in croups on the -landings were whispering together, as if the coining back had /been a sbumcfiii thing, which cast discredit on all, of tkcin. ...It wasn't love; of rule that bad brought the" inan home again, but broken health and the. ??i i a ked to die upon.- Thus they talked under their breath, unconscious, of the secret operation of their own hearts In a monastery, as elsewhere, failure is the worst disgrace. John Storm returned to the liall with a nrm step and eyes full of resolution. Hardly answering the brothers, who plied him with questions, ho pushed through them with Jong strides, and talcing the icey of the outer Bute from the place in the alcove where he had left it, he turned towards the Father's room. . The day had dawned, and through the darkness winch was lifting in the little room knees 866 aer rising from his ' bather!" he Tcried in an' excited voice, and his words, ; like his breath, came in gusts. , "What is it, my son?" lake this key back again. The world is calling me and I cannot trust myself at the door any longer., Put me under the rule of silence and solitude und shut me up in a cell or l. shall break my obedience and run array as sure as, heaven is over us!" '. XIV. _ ... „ P'f/y ,aw?1fe on Now Year's morningwith a little hard lump at her heart and thought, nlmhili loohsh! Am I to give up all my cherished dreams because one man is a Bcoundrel?" 7 The struggle, might be bitter, but slie would not give in. London was the mother of genius. If she destroyed she created also, it was only the weak aud worthless, she cast away. The strong she made stronger, the great she made greater. - "0 God, give ine the life I love!" she th'ought;"give me a chance; only let me begin— no matter liow, no matter where!" She remembered her impulse of the night before to follow Brother Paul, and the lit tle hard lump at her heart grew bitter. John Storm hud gone from her, forgotten her, left her to take care of herself. Very well, so be it! What was the use of think ing. ' I hate to be sentimental," she thought. D Aggie called on Sunday night she would e? with her, no matter ;if it was beginning i a bottom. Others, had begun there, and what right had sho to expect to bcgiii any where else? , For the future she would take the world on its- own terms and force it to give way. She' would conquer this great cruel London and yet remain a good girl hi ! spite of all. Such was. the mood in which she came down to breakfast, and the first thing that Jyet her eyes was a letter from home. At that her face burned for a moment and her breath came in gusts, but she put the letter into her pocket unopened and tossed' her head a little and laughed. "I hate to be so sensitive," she thought, and then she began to tell Mrs. Jnpe what she intended to do! "The clubs!" cried Mrs. Jupe. "I thought yon didn't tvke to the shop because you fancied yersclf above present company. But the foreign clubs! My gracious!" The hissing of Mrs. Jupe's taunting voice followed Iter about all that day, and late at night, when they were going to bed and the streets were quiet, and there was only' the jingle of a passing hansom or a drunken shout or the screech of a concertina, she could- hear it again from the other side' of the plaster partition,, intei-ruptcd occasion ally by the sound of Mr. Jupe's attempts to excuse and apologise for her. No matter! Anything to escape from the atmosphere of that woman's house, to be free of her and quit of her for ever. Towards 8 o'clock on Sunday evening she went up to linr bedroom to put ou her hat nnd ulster, and being dalone there, and waiting for Aggie,, she cpukl not help but open her letter froiii home. : "Sunday next. 'is your'birtliday; my dear one," wrote tlic Parson, -."so we send -you our love and greetings. This being the first of your twenty-one that you have spent from home, I will be thinking of you nil the day through, mid when the night comes, and I smoke a pipe by the study: fire, I know I shall bo leaving the blind up that I may sec the evening star and remember the happy birthdays long ago, when somebody who was so- petted and spoiled used to say she had just come down from it, having dressed herself, in some strange and grand disguises, and told us slie was Plionodoree the fain-. You will ho better employed tliim that, Glory, and as long as my dear one is well nnd happy and prosperous in the great city where slie so loves to be——" . Tlie candle was shaking in Glory's hands, and tlie- little lmif-iit bedroom seemed to be blinking in nnd out. ' Auiit Anna had added a postscript: "Glad to hear you are enjoying yourself in London, but rather alarmed at your frequent men tion of theatres. Take care you don't go.too often, child, and mind you send us the name of the vicnr of the parish you are living in, for I certainly think grandfather ouglii to write to him." - To this again there was a footnote by Aunt line-line!: "You say nothing of Air. Drake nowadays. Is he one of Airs. Jupe's visitors?. Anil is it he who takes you to theatres?" Then there was a New Year's card en closed, having a picture of an Eastern shep herd at the head of his flock of sheep, and hearing the inscription, "Follow in His foot steps. \- But the hissing somid of Airs. Jupe's voice came up from below, und Glory's tears were dried- in an instant. On going downstairs she found Aggie in her mock sealskin and. big blnek feathers sitting, in the parlor at the hack of the shop, and Airs. Jupe talking to her in whispers; with on appearance of knowledge and familiarity. .She caught the confused look of the one and the stealthy glances of the other, and the lmrd lump at her heart grew hnrder. ' "Come on," said Glory, and a few minutes .afterwards the girls were walking towards Soho. ' The little .chapels in the quieter streets were dropping out their driblete'of people and the lights in the church windows were going out one by one. Aggie had recovered her composure, and was talking of Cluirlie as slie skipped along with a rapid step, swinging her stage box by her side. Charlie was certain to be at one of the clubs;, iuid lie would be sure to see tliem home. He wasn't out of his time yet, and that was whv her father wouldn't allow him about.- But ho was in. an office at a foundry, and his people: lived in a house, and perhaps one' of tlicso-days- — " ?. "Did-you sny that some of the people who are on the stage now began, at the clubs?" said Glory. - \- "Plenty, my dear. There's Betty Bellman for one. She was nt a club in Old Compton- street when Mr. Sefton found her out." . Aggie hnd to "work a turn" at each of three clubs tliat niglit, and the girls were now at the door of tlie first of them. -. It stood nt the. 'corner of a reputable square, and was like any ordinary house oil the'out- LBide. But people were coining and going ' coiistanliv, nnd the door , keeper was Tkept opening 'and closing the door. In the middle of the hall a clerk stood at a desk, having: a great book in front of him; and making a. show, of challenging everybody as he en tered. He recognised Aggie ns an artiste, but passed Glory also on the payment of twopence and the signing of her name in the book. The diningroom of the house had been converted into a bar, with counter and stillage, and after tlie girls had crushed through the crowds that stood there tliey came into a large and shabby chamber, which had the appearance of having been built over the space which had once been the back yard. This room had neither windows nor skylights, its waUs were decorated with portraits of Garibaldi and Victor Emanuel in faded colors, and there was a stage and proscenium at its further end. It . was an Italian club that met there on Sunday nights, and Bome two of three hundred hair dressers and restaurant keepers of . swarthy complexion sat in groups at little round tables with their wives and sweethearts (chiefly English wo men), smoking and drinking and laughing at the performance on the stage. Aggie went down to her dressing room under tho floor, . and Glory sat at a table with a yellow haired lady and a dark eyed man. A negro without the burnt cork was twanging a banjo and cracking the jokes of the corner man. "That's my style — a merry 'touch' and go," said the lady. And then, glancing at Glory;' "Singing to-night, my dear?" Glory shook her head. , "Thort you might be a 'pro', p'rhaps. Use ter be myself when I was in the bally at the Lane. Married now, my dear; but I likes to come of a Sunday night when the kids is got to bed." Then -Aggie danced a skirt dance, and there were shouts of applause for her, and she came back and danced again. When she reappeared in jacket and hat, and with her stage box in her hand, the girls crushed their way out. Going through the bar they were invited to drink by several of the men who were standing there,- hut they got into the streets ut last. - "They're rather messy, those bars," said Aggie; "hut managers like you to come round and tyke something after you've done your turn— if it's only a cup of cawfy." "Do you like this life?" said Glory, taking a long breath. "Yes; awfully!" said Aggie. Their next visitwas- to a Swiss club, which did not greatly differ from the Italian one, except that tlie hall was more shabby, and that the audience consisted of French nnd Swiss waiters aud skittish young English milliners. The girls had taken their hats and cloaks off and sat dressed like dolls in white muslin with long streamers of bright ribbon. A gentleman sang the Postman's Knock, with the character accompaniment of a pot hut and a black-edged envelope, a lady sang Maud in silk tights and a cloak, Aggie danced her skirt dance, and then the floor was cleared for a ball. "They are going to dance the Swiss dance,' said Aggie," and the AI.G. wants me to tyke a place;- but I hute these fellows to be hugging me. Will you be my partner, dear?" .. "Well— just for a minute or two," said Glory with nervous gaiety. And then the dance began. It proved to he a musical version of odd man out, and Glory soon found herself being snapped up by other jpartners and addressed familiarly by the waiters and their women. She could feel the moisture of their hands nnd smell the oil of their hair, and a feeling like a spasm o£ physical pain came over her. "Let us go," she whispered. "Yes, it s getting lyte," said Aggie, and they crushed tlirough the crowded bar and out into the street. " Tlie twanging of the fiddles, the thud of the dancing, and the peals of coarse laughter followed them from the stifling atmosphere within, and Glory, felt sick and faint. ' "Do you say tliat managers >of good places call at these clubs sometimes?" "Often, said Aggie, and she hummed a music liall tune as she skipped and tripped along. , . The streets, wliieh had been dark and quiet when they arrived in Soho, were now ablaze with lights in every window, and noisy with people on every pavement. Tlie last club they hud to visit was. a German cliib, and as they came near to it. they saw tliat a mail was standing at tho door bare headed and looking out tor somebody. "It's Charlie," said Aggie, with a little jump of joy. But -when thor came up to him a scowl darkened his dark face, and he said— . , "Late as usynl! Two of the bloomin turns not. come," and me looking up and dalin the bloomin' street for you every minute and more." 'The girl's eyes blinked as if he had struck her, hut she only tossed her head and stiffened her under lip, and said, "Jawing again, are ye? ' I'd. chuck it for once, Charlie, if it wa9. only for sake of com pany." ' . With that she disappeared to the dressing- room, nnd Charlie took charge of Glory, crushed a way for her through the refresh ment room, ollcrcd her a "glaws o' some- think," and with an obvious pride of posses sion introduced her to admiriug acquaint ances as "a friend o' mine." "Like yer style, Charlie," said some of them. "Uh, yus! Dare say!" said Charlie. The proscenium was surmounted by the German and English flags intertwined, the walls were adorned with oleograph por traits of the Kaiser, his father and grand father, Bisinrii-ck nnd Von -Aloltlce, and the audience consisted largely of lively young Jews aud Jewesses in evening .dress, some German and l'olish Jews, and a sprinkling of other foreigners. ' . : . During Aggie's turn Glory was conscious that two . strangers out of another world- altogether' had entered the club, and were standing nt the back. "Toffs," said Charlie, looking at tliem over her shoulder, and then answering to himself ' the meaning of their looks. "No, my ludsl... 'Triin't tlie first we've seen of sceli!" ' ' Then Aggie came iip with an oily person in a flowered waistcoat and -snid, "This is my friend, gtiv'nor, and. she wouldn't mind doing a turn if yon asked her." "If de miss, vill oblige," began the oily one, hnd then the blood rushed to Glory's face, and before she knew what else had happened her hat nnd ulster.wcre in Aggie's hands, anil she was walking up! the steps to the stage. , ' There was some applause when she went on, but slie was in a dazed condition; aiid-it' all seemed to bo taking place a hundred miles away. She. heard her own voice say ing, "Ladies and gentlemen, with your kind 'permission: I will endeavor to give you an imitation . . ." and something more. Down to .that moment her breath had been com. ing and going in odd gasps, and she had felta dryness in .the throat; but every symptom of nervousness suddenly disappeared; and she threwup her hcadrlike a'charger in battle. -- Tlien sho sang. It was only a: common street song, ami everybody had heard it a thousand times. She sang, .And her .Golden Hair. was Hahgihg'Down her .Back,-after-the manner of a line of factory girls going home; from work at night. Arm in arm, decked in their Vandyke hats slashed with red rib- | boil und crowned with ostrich feathers, with !' : their free step, their shrill voices— they. were there before everybody's eyes, every- body could see them, everybody could reeog- nise them, and before the end of the first ! verse there were shouts and squeals of i laughter. . | Glory felt dizzy, yet self-possessed; sh' -.; fave. a little audible laugh while she stood . . owing between the verses. In a few ' minutes the song was finished, . and the pe«ple were stamping, whistling, uttering . : screeching cat calls and shouting 'Brajwo. ; . But Glory was sitting at the foot of the : " stage by this time with a face contorted as in physical pain. After the first thrill of ,- ; ' success the shame of it all came over her and she saw how low she had fallen, and / felt horrified and afraid. The clamor, i;-;- - the clapping of hands, tiie vulgar-faces, the ; i; : vulgar laughter, the vulgar song, Sunday; ',' -J night, her own birthday! It all pnssed: before her'like the incidents in some night- :i-:V mare procession, and at the back of it came other . memories— Glenfaba, the sweet and' !' ,:; simple household, the old parson smoking ;': : .'' by the study fire and looking up at the evening star, and then John. Storm and - the church chimes at Bishopgatc! One T moment she sat there with her burning face, staring helplessly before lier, . while . people crowded round to shake hands .with. her, and cried into her ears above the deaf- . cning tumult, "You'll have to tyke another . turn, dear"— and then- she burst into pas- sionate. weeeping. - - "Stand avayl. De. lady's not fit to sing again," said someone," and slie opened, her : '' ' eyes. - . It was one of the two gentlemen who had v' - been standing at the back. , : ' '.'Ach Gott! Is it j'ou? Don't you know. ' me, nurse?" . It was Air. Koenig the organist. ' ; "My gracious! Vot are j-ou doing here my child? Two monts ago I haf look for you ut de hospital,"' and haf write to 'de matron) but j'ou vere gone. Since.den I-ha£ look for j-ou all over London. Vhere do you lif?" ; . Glorj'. told him and lie wrote down the address. . ): "Ugli! A genius, and lif in'. aV tobacco 7 shop! My vife vill call on j-ou and fetch you avujv She is a goot woman, and vhat-. over she tell you to do you must do it; but . not musical and cleversome like you. Bless mine soul! Singing in a Sunday club!" : , Do j-ou know, my child, you haf a voice, : . and talents, great talents! Vants training — j'es. But vliat vould j'ou haf ? Here am 1, . Carl Koenig! 1 speak ver' had de Englisoli,'. but I know ver' poot to teach music. I vill teach you same like I teach oiler, ladies who \ pay me many.dollare. Do you. know vhat I / ; am?"' Yes, she knew what he. was— he'was the"' i; organist at All Saints'; Belgravia. . Pooh! I am a composer ns veil. I write songs, and all your countrymen and ! countrywomen sing dem. 1 haf a. choral company, too, and it is for dat 1 vant you.' : . I go to de first houses in de land, de lords, de Almistcrs, de princes. You shall .come vith me. Your voice is soprano — no, mezzo- .. soprano— and it. vill "grow.. 1 vill pitch it, and vhen it is ready I vill bring you out. ' But now get away from dis place and . ; naivere come back, or 1 vill be more angry, ' ' - as before." Glory rose, and he led her to the door... : Her heart, felt big, and her eyes were glis tening. Aggie was in tho refreshment room. Having finished for the night she had re-': . sumod her outdoor costume, without remov ing her make up, and was laughing merrily among a group' of men, and playing them off . against Charlie, who was still in the sulks and drinking at the bar. When Glory ap- . : poarcd the girl fidgeted with her glove and said, "Aren't j'ou going to. see us home, , Charlie?" "No," said Charlie. "Where are you going to?" : "Nowhere as you can come." . Aggie's eyes watered, and she wrenched a button off, but she only laughed and answered, "Don't think as we're throwing'-'.'.'/ ourselves at your head, my man. We only N wanted to know. Ta-ta!" . . - / It was now midnight, and the streets wore thin -of people, but sounds of music and dancing came from nearly every open win- dowanddoor. . -."..v Aggie was crying. "That's the worst of the chilis," she said, "they- lead 'cm' to the gambling hells. And then a young mail always knows when ho can tyke- advan tage/' . As they returned post the Swiss club somebodj' who was being thrown out into the streets was shouting m a gurgling voice, "Let go 'o my throat or 1 11 corpse- ye!'r . And farther on two or three girls in their teens, with their arms about the. necks of twice as many men, were reeling, along the ' pavement and singing in a tuneless wail. (To" be Continued!) ' . . . " 