THE UNEMPLOYED. PUBLIC MEETING AT THE TRADES’ HALL. A DEPUTATION TO WAIT ON THE CITY COUNCIL. A public meeting to discuss the unemployed question was held at the Trades’ Hall last night. The building was crowded, and many were unable to gain admission. The Mayor of tho City (Cr Bell) presided. The chairmen, in opening the proceedings, remarked that, os Mayor of the City, it was with regret that he presided over the meeting. He was exceedingly sorry that there were so many out of employment, and he deeply sym pathised with them. (Applause.) He called upon Mr W. Hurdsfield to move the first resolution. Mr Hurdsfield said that hs felt some what in the position of one of the unem ployed. Ho felt that the resolution he was about to move was justifiable, and needed en forcement not only in Ballarat, but through out the colony. He moved—“ That this meeting assembled would urge upon tho Government and municipal councils the necessity of finding employment for laboring men on the day work sytem; and further, that in the opinion of this meeting a minimum wage clause be attached to all contracts let under the said municipal councils.” Why had the unemployed move ment emanated in Ballarat? For some con siderable time works had been promoted for the . benefit of the unemployed in Mel bourne, and although there was dire dis tress in this district the unemployed had not been clamoring for assistance, not withstanding that they were compelled to contribute to the general taxation. The unemployed here had borne intense suffer ing. in a manly spirit. He directed their attention to the state of affairs in Switzerland, where there was a system of compulsory insur ance. In New Zialand there was a depart ment of labor to .furnish’reliable information as to . the state of trade throughout .the obnntiy, but in Victoria there was absolutely nothing. At present contracts that were going' forward did not employ men on day ' labor nor did they give work to men of the district, but outsiders were allowed to come in, and sub letting was alßo permitted. Men did not want oharity—(Applause)—for men of this country did not believe in pauperism. But they were being pauperised by the present social system. Let them refer to the debate in the Legislative Counoil as to the Mines Bill, and notice that “ the friends of the worker” refused to allow them £1 2s 6d a week. Men came to him searching for money far a meal and stated that although they had been working on tribute in the mines they had not earned more than a few shillings a week. (“Shame.”! Although a loan of £12,000 had beeu floated in the City to re lievo distress, it had done nothing towards that end. Referring to the land question, the speaker 9aid that tho village settlements had failed because the settlers were put on “ rock bonnd land that wonld not feed a goat to the aero,” and he averred that other avenues of employment could be opened up by a policy of decentralisation. Melbourne unemployed wore continually coming into the country, for Melbourne merely sent its workleßs into the country to starve. He saw in the aadience a gentleman who 12 or IS months ago proffered a very valuable suggestion, to which he pro posed to refer. That gentleman had agreed to . subscribe os or a fixed Bum per week, together with other citizens, to provide em ployment for men in prospecting the reefs of this district, and if this system were intro duced men would be given work at, say, £1 a week, and would be able to pay their men, who now suffered on Saturday nights. (Applause). Mr T. Dunstan seconded the resolution. ■ Mr R. T. Vale, M.L.A., supported the resolution. As one who had been some 44 years in tho colony he thought he could say that there uever was a period at which there had been so many men out of employment as now. ’ Ho deeply regretted the fact because unemployed labor seriously affected every clasß in the community. He dwelt npon the importance of good wages and constant work to ensure prosperity in a community, and Baid that he considered Ballarat men before any others in the country. Whila he had been doing his best to- urge the necessity of the situation npon the Government, he oonld not but think that a lot of expenditure had bean comparatively useless. They wanted money laid out that would give not only temporary employment, hut steady labor. (Applau»“l. When the City loan was proposed he understood that it was to provide em ployment in the hard Ballarat winter for local men. When Melbourne-sat abont improving the Yarra th«ra was a condi tion that Melbourne men ebonld alone be em ployed, and if Melbourne were justified, in doing this, surely Ballarat was. (Applause.) True, he and other Ballarat men had found employment for Ballarat men throughout the colony, but permanent employment at homo was the maiu requisite. (Applause.) The speaker referred to the financial crisis and its effect npon the working classes, and com mended tha workers for their industry, patience, and enterprise. Work depended upou individual action, and while it was the duty of the Government to find employment as far as possible, and to provide for a mini mum wage, each of them should do his own best. He favored the bntty gang system, bnt he urged them to see that in tha bntty gang system men who supervised work shonld be competent to lay it out. (Applauea.) Mv Vale concluded amidst applause by expressing confidence in 'he futnre. Mr J. W. Kirton, M.L.A., said he attended to allow hiH sympathy with the unemployed, who had a claim on the sympathy and good will of all. He had himself obtained hundreds of passes to enable men to look for work. In Ballarat at present old citizens and men who had brought no families were on the verge of pauperism. Were the Government and tho municipalities doing their duty ? (No.) Re garding the municipalities, all he said was that the ratepayer who had. helped to build np the city had a preferential claim to work. (Apptan=e.) Tho Government had done their beat by public works, &c.;, to give assistance, but although comparatively little had been done in the country, conld anything more have been done? Referring to tho proposed Fitzroy and Cillingwood railway, the speaker said that he was not prepared to support a line that would only pro vide work for tha unemployed, or Melbourne unemployed, for he recognised that tha country’s condition was in a great measure dne to the construction of unprofitable lines for political pnrposes. That wag the olass of work the Fitzroy line wonld b*. He had seen four Ministers a day or two before about the unemployed question, but although theae gentlemen expressed their sympathy, something more than that—something practical—was required. Ho believed that an appeal to the more favored citizens would lead to the provi sion of work, - because he believed there wee a humanitarian spirit in the commu nity. (Hear, hear.) Legislation conld not do all, bnt it could do ranch. He must oompliment the Ballarat unemployed upon patient endurance of suffering during this winter, and recognising this ho wonld do all in his power to help them. He was prepared to extend the present session as long as desired if anything could be done for the unemployed, and he believed that was the general feeling in Parliament. (Applause.) Mr R. M'Greeor, M.L.A., said he regretted the neoe'sity for such a meeting, and ex pressed his sorrow that men who were willing to work conld not find employmen’. He was in favor of a minimum wage and an equitable retnrn for labor, hot the real trouble was that willing employment conld not get employment at any price. What Mr Kirton hadstated for himself bad been doneby almost every r’etwesih tative. (Mr Kirton —H-ar, bear.) In reference to the statement of Mr Hurdsfield as to Mel bourne unemployed being sent to Bal larat, he conld say that more men hid been Bent away from Ballarat than had been sent here. It was just about time that the free pass system should be established amongst the workers instead of re maining an institution amonget those who wore well able to pay.. (Applause,) Those who had to pay the City loan, and those in tho immediately surrounding district had first claim upon the work that it provided, and he considered that it would bo wi»e to restrict the employment to looal men. If a miner were uot worth 22s Gd a week when the amount came ont of the gold, after perhaps he had worked weeks for nothing, then that man should not be allowed to eo down the mine to work. (Applause.) He hoped for better con ditions. (App'auee.) Cr Brekenehiro Baid that he was present to show his sympathy with his fellow workers. (Mr M'Grsgor—But some have to work harder than others.) Yea, like Mr M‘Gregor and himself. Some worked with hands, some with br *ins, and othera with their tongues as in Parliament. (Laughter.) He had stated in tho City Council that he would not be pre pared to let any contract under which a living wage conld not be paid, and he said fo stilly (Applause.) The better wages .men got the better for everybody, and he was prepared-to do his bast for the workers, bnt would it be right to debar an Eastern man from obtaining' employment in the West or vice versa ? (No ) He said “No” too. Breaking atones in the paet had been set apart for the old folks so that th n y oonld earn a little, and it had grieved him much to see an many young man compelled to resort to this labor to support themselves and their parents. Ha believed in giving council labor tnnn'h about, so that more ratepayers might be employed—(ap. plause)—and he would do his best to provide employment. (Applauso). Air Robert 801 l said that the want of em ploymant wan all- over tbs colony, and then resumed.hia seat owing to interrnptione. The resolution was declared carried.' Mr B. Q. Richards moved—V That the deputation to the City Connoil to carry out. the foregoing be oamposed. of the three mem bers for the district—Messrs Vale, Kirton, and M'Gregnr, M’a.L.A.—Mr HnrdsSeld, and as many as feel interested in the movement.” He thought that most of the speeches had been purely theoretical. He pointed out that employment on the regrading works was only available for the strongest and ablest young men, and that there was necessity to find work for men who could not go below in the mine nor work upon a railway. Mining com panies should not monopolise whole areas of a district, but men Bbould be able to take up areas from the shallow depths and to take their quartz to a public battery. (Aoplause.) The Governm°nt could do no better thing than erect batteries to allow of old miners crushing their quartz for a nominal sum. At present miners had to pay through the nose for crushing, and tbs quartz would not stand it. • Referring to protection for local labor, the speaker asked if might wore right, or was there something hetterP Residents of ths two Ballarats should ba included in those eligible for local empioym“nt, aud if residents of tho eliiras were debarred, woll, let them be, for. what was the policy of the colony? At the Saxon Paddock works any man conld go and earn 5s or Gs a day in ouch easy work, but the old ratepayers were not employed. Other districts merely emulnyed Ballarat men because the city man had larger planta, and would certainly navor give them work while they could get local men. Then why should not the interests of Ballarat be similarly con served? That meeting was merelv Rapport ing the action of Cra Elliott and Whykes in the council. (Applause.) Mr M. Carroll seconded the motion. Mr G. Douglas supported the resolution, as besaid he understood all abont it. Mr Broken shirs was a very good councillor, and pro mised to do his best to get a living wage pro vided for in contracts, but as soon as a con tract was let, it conld not bs interfered with, so that day labor alone wsa required. (Applause.) When he lived in Riponshiro a Ballarat man would not have the ghost of a ohanoe of obtaining employment there. The loan works would have b»en much better done if they had been carriod out on day labor. He believed the contract had been let at very low prices, and to take advantage of a man’s necessities would never do any good. Men were forced ’to take work almost at any price, as they could get credit when in work, bat ooald not do so when ant of work. It was a pitifnl sight to Roe how the horses were worked on the New Kohinoor contract, for there was no “sinoke-oh” on that 30b. (Laughter.) Tho hones had not their nose bags on for a quarter of an hour a day either, but many of them had been knocked np. (VoiceR —‘‘Two men are working there for £1 a week each,” and ‘‘ Why havo tenders at all?") He claimed that the great need was day labor. (Applansß.) The Mayor said he wished to say a few words in support of the motion. They had heard a great deal of theorising, bnt there was no question abont bis opinions. Thhre would ba over £ll,OOO ont of the £12,000 loan spent in labor. Hie views on the minimom wage wnnAvoll known, snd under the present system men coaid sweat both themselves and their horses. If they had a minimum wage this would be guarded against. For two years past ratepayers hnd had their turn in day labor, bnt some men were required to guide the others, and needed to be kept on. The City engineer sincerely told him that many men souebt employment who conld not do a fair day’s work. (Interruption, and 11 what about him?" “He’s a School of Mines man.”) It was easy enough to find fault, but it was a fact that an old man conld not do as much as a young man. Hs (the speaker) had, in com pany with Parliamentary, representatives, offered the Minister that, if the Govern ment conld not find the monoy this year ,to find employment the City would advance it to them. B illarat shonld certainly have a share of tho Government relief expendi ture. (Applause).' As to the larger question of only employing Ballarat labor in Ballarat, he pointed nnt that all th 4 adjoining connoils invited open tenders for their work, and if the City took notion to restrict the granting of labor, these municipalities would retslinte. (A voice—“ They do it now.”) Only with day labor, as the City Coancil did. If the lowest tender wers not accented, favoritism wonld be alleged against public men, bnt the Water Commission that afternoon had not saespted the lowest tender beoause they did not wish to see men forced to come to the office for their money. (Loud applause). He would cour teously receive tho deputation on Monday, but unless six councillors would rote for the recission of a previonß resolution against the minimnm wage, the council could not undor the Local Government Act agree to give effect to the first resolution passed that night. Mr J. Parker urged the necessity of “ watch ing the contractors of Ballarat,” and asked the audienoe wlmt they wonld think of a man who negotiated with a gentleman in Geelong' to break the stone and crash it for a Ballarat contract? The speaker’s mode of address, so' tickled tho meeting that he was compelled to resume his seat. Tho resolution was thsn carriod. A vote\pf thanks was pa«»ed to the chair man, on the motion of Mr M’Gregor. seconded by Mr Yale, and supported by Mr Kirton. 