MR. KING O'MALLEY. A PERSONAL EXPLANATION. In the House of Assembly on Tues day, Mr. O'MALLEY said -.—Hon. mem bers were well aware that last year several accusations wcro levelled against hip as a member of this House. He had lived in South Australia for three years previous to entering Parliament, and uo accusations or charges had ever been made agaiuBt hiui, so it could easily be seen that these charges were levelled against hitu as a member of this j House. As a man of honour he believed that tlio fountain-head of justice should be kept pure, and Parliament was the fountain-head of- justice for South Australia. He would not be an honourable man were he to occupy his seat in Parliament if he were guilty of the charges brought against him by a great Asso ciation in South Australia last year through Mr. William Morehead, a blackmailer. Ho intended if he had boon unable to secure the requisite evidence to clear himself before this House and this country to resign his seat in Parliament, and he should never have come ba.uk from Western Australia if he had not had the evidence. He was elected to this Parliament on April 25, 3896. On May 25 he was met by and asked to assist a man named William Morehead, whom he had known in Portland, Oregon, United States, and who had simply come into the office and begged him to give 111m a quarter or half a dollar, which he gave. On tho 28th he persuaded his friend to give this man a position, and ho was sent to Broken Hill. On July 14 ho gave notice in tli is House that he would move to abolish tho barmaid system in South Australia. On July 21, by his (Mr. O'Malloy's) instructions, this man Morehead wasdismissed from the servicoof tho Society which employed him, and brought back. On July 2!) be received the following letter:—"Adelaide, July 29, 1896. King O'Malloy, Esq., M.P. Dear Sir—If you aro in a position to fulfil your promise to send ine to New Zealand I am ready to start at once. It will be better for me to be out of this. _ I am hunted by your enemies seeking for in formation, wliicin hesitate to give, but a hungry man will almost dare do anything. A renly at once will oblige yours, W. Moiikhead." He never promised to send him to New Zea land or anywhere else, unless it was to death. Who were his enemies? Were the Churches? Were tho Christian people of South Aus tralia? Were tho moral people? Then why was a certainmanhuutud for information about his career in America. He never replied to this letter, because he decided that these things went for nothing. One day m the street in front of the Post-office this man asked hun— '' Did you got my letter?" He replied, "How dare you speak to mej^^Sir?" He (Mr. O'Malloy) aimed at hiin, but he dodged. '* Well," lie said, " I will go straight to the publicans. Mr. Ohittloborough, Secretary of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association, has been after me for the last week. I don't want to put you out of Parliament, but out of Parliament you will go." In November he j entered an action in t lie Supreme Court against this man, and on December 5, after a trial of two days, tho verdict was given—a verdict of ■iOs. lie could easily see that His Honor must have misunderstood the case by his summing up. His Honor, it seemed, thought that he j was the defendant on his trial, and that Mr. j .Morehead was an angel of light from another couutry prosecuting in the interests of mora lity. (Mr. Solomon—" Did not tho Judge say you yourself should have gone into tho witness box':") The Judge said lie would not believe oitlior. The uoint on which the case rested was, did Morehead say he was an embezzler ! or not? Mr. ilarnp, his solicitor, after j he had tried several times to get into the box, advised him not __ to do so. His solicitor said to him, "When Mr. Price, M.P., was summoned by Mr. Cave did Mr. j Oavc go into tho box? when Mr. Price was ] summoned by Mr. Parsons did Mr. Parsons go I into the box? and when Mr. Ash was sum [ moucd by Mr. Hutchinson did ho go into tho , box?" No; not one of these gentlemen did. But this whitewashed, common Yankee must go into tho box, they said. These other persons were gousleuion, he supposed; Mr. O'Malloy . was not. Ho should imagine it was his place J to follow tliu instructions of his solicitor, and well did Mr. Hamp conduct the case. Morehead had to prove his statement that ho was an embezzler; that was tho case. There were many ways of looking at the decision of His Honor the presiding Judge. IIo would bo the last man in the world to question the decision of a Judge of the Supremo Court, for he had the profoundost respect for the fountains of justice, but perhaps H is Honor, aftor years of service as a politician in South Australia, was able to judge tho value of a politician's character far better than himself. He would have to live many years before lie | had the profound experience in the intricacies ' of politics that His Honor had, and the conso lation he iiad was that the decision of the Court was founded upon His Honor's past experience asapoliticianrather than on tho real judgment of a Judge. On December 8 lie wrote a letter to Mr. William Dunpliy, Manager of the Home Insurance Company of stNew York, tho Company that tins man Morehead de clared all over South Australia that he had j embezzlod the funds from, lie wrote to the | very man who Morehead Bwore had placarded him (Mr. O'Malley) over the States as an embezzler, though he denied it on oath, j He said lie never said he was an embezzler, j but tliat lie had been placarded, implying that i be was an embezzler, lie received this loiter j from Mr. Dunphy:—"January 25, 1896.— j My Dear King." Kancy now! Here was a ; man whoso Society's money ho was said to have stolen quoting him as "my dear King." He wanted to tell the truth. Tho reason people did not know alxmt his record in the past was this—his father told him, "King, •wliatoveryou do stand uponyourown resposibi lity, and no verquotc your friends and relatives." Ho had tried to fight on that principle. He had not come to Australia and said the Duke of Ourangoutang was his uncle, or that he was the son of this one or that one; he had simply aaid " I am King O'Malley," and stood upon his own. That was why he never told who his relations were, although if he were to they would find just as many wealthy ones among thorn as of those who talked of their social and moral position. He simply stood upon himself, and did not waut to be tho ghost of tho wisdom of tho departed O'Malloy family. Tho letter wont on:— " Your letter of tho 8th ult. was a pleasant surprise to me, and I am indeed glad to hear from you, and to know that you are pros perous in your present location. Yes, I «a still with the old ' Home,' and now havo quite a nice tittle business in force on the Pacific Slop#. Kellogg is one of the officers of the Iowa Life Insurance Company, and I believe is doing well. As to this man Morehead, whom yon refer to, well, I have no know ledge of evbr having tnet him, I certainly never branded you as an embezzler or issued any dodgem warning people against you, and any one saying that I did is grossly mis representing matters. There has never been any occasion for mo to make any charges of dishonesty against you, and I have no know ledge of your ever haviug committed any dis honest act, and I will take pleasure at any time in certifying to the fact that yon are in no way indebted to me, and that I always con sidered you entirely trustworthy and reliable. I received a letter from Mr. J. Chittleborougii, Secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' Asso ciation, Lome Chambers, _ Adelaide, South Australia. I enclose herewith copy of same; also of my reply to him. I wish you would accept my most hearty congratulations in your haviug been elected a member of Parliament, and should like to bo honoured with your application in the 'Home' for at least SJLO.OOO. Hoping that I will hear from you often, and with best wishes, in which I am joined by Mrs. Dunpbv, I beg to remain, yours respectfully, W. H. Dunphy, Manager." Now he wanted to read Mr. Chittleborough'a letter. Mark the dates. On December 8th, after the trial had taken place and the verdict had been given, he had written, and the reply was on January 25 th. The letter from the Secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' Associa tion was dated October 19. That was two months before be had taken action against William Morehead, and during that time the Christian Progressive and Exalted Associa tion repudiated any connection with More head. During that time ho was being stigma tized as a thief as he wont through the streets. Members might say that they did not want to hear about it, but none of them would like to hoar people say as they went along the streets, "That is King O'Malley; hois an embezzler and has escaped from America; he iB in our Parliament, but will be out in a fow days." The letter was as follows:— "Licensed Victuallers' Association, J. Chittle borough, Secretary, Lome Chambers, Ade laide, October 19, 1S9G. To Wm. H. Dunphy, Esq., 207, Parrott Building, San Francisco, U.S.A. Dear Sir—A person named King O'Malley, who lately came to Australia and has been employed as an insurance agent, is now elected a member of Parliament in thii colony to represent one of our country dis tricts. We are anxious to learn something of his antecedents, he being a comparative stranger here. Having been informed that he was at one time connected with' your Com pany, I take the liberty of applying to yau for any information you can give us as to his past life, what ho has been employed at, and if with credit to himself or otherwise. Wo should be pleased to rccoive any informa tion you can supply, and also whether ho is a native of the United States or not. Apolo gizing for thus trjubling you, I am, yours truly, J. CiuTTi.EBOHOUOii, Secretary." It was not signed privately, but was signed as the Secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' Associa tion. TliereplytoMr.Chittleboroughwas dated December 9. He called attention to the fact that Mr. Dunphy had answered Mr, Chittle borougb'a letter on December 9, ten years from the time lie had seen him—and that Mr. Dunpliy's letter left San Francisco the day after his letter to him left Adelaide, so that there could be no collusion. He knew what the driinkery manufacturers would say. He wanted some one responsible the next time, because although lie had had the judgmeut against Morehead it had never been paid. There was £10 10s. that the drunkery people owed him, and they had not paid it. Mr, Dunphy's reply was as follows: — "Sau Francisco, December 9, 1800. Mr. J. Chittleborougii, Secretary Licensed Victual lers' Association, Lornc Cham hers, Adelaide, South Australia. Dear Sir—Your favour of October 1.9 is at band, and in reply would beg to say that Mr. O'Malley was associated with mo in the lifo insurance business in 1887, and is, I believe, a Canadian by birth, I have no knowledge of his antecedents or family con nections, hut am under impression that they are good. He is an energetic worker of marked ability, and was quite successful in this business. In my dealings with him ho was strictly honest, and I have had no occasion to consider him other than entirely reliable and trustworthy.—Yours re spectfully, W. H. Dunphy, Manager." Supposing that any commercial organization orauy Christiau organization had levied charges in which his character and reputation were blackened for ever and they had written away to the land whence he came did they imagine . that tliev would have suppressed the reply? Why was it, however, that Mr. Chittle borougii, Secretary of the Licensed Victual lers' Association, or Vampires' Association, suppressed the information that would be beneficial to his'standing as a member of the community? • Why was not the information given to the public like any honourable in stitution would have done? Simply because they did not got the information the black mailer told them they would get. If thoy had got the information that their blackmailer told them they would get it would have been published, and lie would have been damned and hunted out of the town. It was the duty of the Houso to protect its members, and the House should bring Mr. Cliittlcborough before the Bar and get an explanation of bis conduct. He would move in it as soon as it was possible. What did they do? There were three gentlemen in this organization as a committee, whom the Licensed Victuallers' Association repudiated, who went round and collected money. They went from place to place, and from what they got they engaged Mr. Villencuve Smith to defend Afurehead and furnished Morehead with mimoy. He charged the Licensed Vic tuallers' Association from that letter with I being the power behind the tlirono, backing ' the blackmailer Morehead, who slandered hi in and stigmatized him as a thief. Ho had suffered in the country aH an honourable mail, and he felt strong on it. He thanked (!od he was too strong for the reptiles to put down, lie thanked God that tho wilful, malignant,a heartless, prostitut ing, cold - blooded, social institution^ called drunkeries was not strong enough to kill him. Tho names of thoso three gentlemen—let tliem deny it on oath—were Mr. Aldridge, of the Napoleon; Mr. Jono, of the Southern Cross;' and Mr. Thomas Homing, of Tattersall's. Every dog bad its day, and the cats had tho nights, and it was now his day. He was pre pared to debate the question as to whether tlie drink traffic was upon the sanio basis as any other institution. The Licensed Victual lers Act had not been enforced, and the drunkery manufacturers were selling liquor on Sundays, lie challenged the powers that be to enforce the law. In conclusion Mr. Chittle borougii, tho representative of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association, bore the same rela tion to the Secretary of a legitimate Associa tion—an honourable business when it was not blood-money—that a bedbug did to the man who was compelled to sleep in tho same bed. Why did people like the ant? They admired the ant and execrated the bedbug because the ant made its livi ng in a respectable way and tho bedbug made its living by"sucking blood. 