Priibafrhd GruhiM.luonsdu+ý tiroi3 .t/I.·1. ;FBR 4R ° S. 57. rAbout l20,huuzlresdy Uioi a·s rife hrorntaoards tLhuroliirf of thlb j&ulu; 'M Jr31tru~nt is th' sucoaiufuot fudero [hr thu tuu'o ofDerudeit )rk r,' 'Aropurrouti Tarrrorogruneousla, srr tu ,pairing f(6od dadfribe be `nro,;.boing. iatde Sfrtrou' ~ d~' a" ,itr's u. utruyjnfjfo "Ttri ,,ew tt "{t!' try Pfrrrr id's'· dutuctrue satril out ; utuo ?R~eyr] 1ThvuKitt ttrhuiochhajfer Muudu3 succ~plydrorufiltty Ttiuanruflu cutgrurpttu qi 10 tteui of utrrhrpniuOl.eta a I )ut}-o plThculi crriiatrltr.utcrtlt D Thu0.1 Lounors otroti dlliid bYllgaa K4ulttotu t 1r5 1tigu ii [ t] utcl j pgeu :A1ruphldy1.Rivorr tntel u u brdothbcUlnt Mlonday :cea.ll. Tliob'i· bne id00si0 Wurof 10as ortof 'ntrllhprshha Wi thuI 1q"I osa~ouon ut hu ime,"' und I .u ptiOsuul af 'l tqu ntpra't~ir hitrbiod Ir ta nu ttplgoiit to no otenf l pn crl Yui L ln d toryi re0 oiifefar rýTio antnbtbrot t anttbe intnora Oompaoy; Deoptvlurkr+rpo :b hing', us no shottttng osnod gotau t TqnsLdongfor d, uhutb 170' 1' ,Tilptru.ftIsny ;1?tru~totqt~he fr.onr fItrCtly~u 9 torhnurrr i~ lu-fi s truco"" tniltynuing LOydv rvnrýtti'ofepuctuhtuor lure Wore aveodu . ' lr'th il9bUghiy)h "0re irud:snlo rooe# r try thuo hunnoi nndo'it' w atourOru tuy otvf tlufutairi ortttnbtodu btidnoukins Nottr;i wbri td'dloS~ruc0 ngrgetl;oayorurl a f n:"r It'(, .otl 'Thnu- tlid ruruutA! hor' sownorisll Ilcnty, ailtlib~liaihllirg iind' ·botodri y ltus 0~thh ter t ouqop$l 'dutuido'h ".t : wtuu S1yps ur rirniird jr tY oburuodlavnrrtthuuutolu liut tbnc'Wu urhoruo.ttyu1. r':rQ i tqq;t 'fiiitis pndi!,diyore,,liniy:p. iiooi !d '''whe Irronerrhlarry.tq n ptuortairrh'io d: hO trunii 966kr ,othu t r Dadhlf lro t tiorio.trotl..'i.( upurt'I90' rti u f1ur chg ge~uo to.glqe o. A"' ·pI n Illforraniit n i lied" flii itutlidti 1'10 -tionv;hndor- (Bo.dct.:_OPc~dhiin:for arrlerabto koapbnpltrt'.frpm !Liet1VIU jTho Presidrnt of tho Shiro o0' MttRs has taken praiseworthy nation in conven ing publio neeotings todiacuss the subject of Fodoration;' nnd to choose tho..most 0sitnblo ceanidatos from those naiwinated for the Federal Council. Those meetings will be hold as follo;w :-tlnffra, Tuoaday, 93rd inst. at 8 p.n.. Nowry, Briigoloslg, Ioyfioll and uloanmaggio on :Sturday, 2711th ist., at 7.80 p.m.: It beohoes overyoino with a vote to:' attnd slech a mooting, as too mudli' enlightenment gan" not be thrown on such; on important questionaan. We have hafd ' repetition lasto oeek on asmall scale of the last experience of heat and rain. The early plordii of tirhe week was very' hot and. sultry, sad oil Friday night the change-came, bIringing with it a heavy? fall of rain. But the fall did iot last loilg 'i:'only 45 pointo wororogistored. 'It.will have a good ofeictas the silt' from the lost flood, which covered the grass toi a grcatar extent than usual, will .Ie all washed away. Graziers should have a boominig" season as there must be' grass in profusion all the winter. East Riding Councillors are much exercised in their minds over the vagaries of the waters of Freestone Creelk. Mr O'Connor is at present engaged in constructing a good sized bridgo over the Creek at Bushy Park. In order to protect the bridge tihe ank was strengthened a couple of chains into the .Bushy Park estate. But soine distance above this on the oppo site side of the creek the flood waters have scoured out a great hole ini tihe bank, and at each successive flood thils break away approaches nearer' to the bridgo. If allowed to continue it is thought that the bridge will be entirely cut off on the one side. The seriousness-of the matter is now inten ostied as Mlr E. Keogh strongly objects to tihe Council having interfered with the Bushy Park property as mentioned above. A mcoting of the East Riding Councillors is to be held to-day at the siteof the bridge, and no doubt some compromise will be agreed to. The Friendly Societies of Sale have, says the Mercury, decided to give the children a treat oi ' Thursday next, the 25th, and with that end in view have decided to hold a clhildren's picnio and sports on the societies' grounds. 'At is large meeting held on Wednesday. evening in tle Grand United Hall, tenders were accepted for catering for 600 children. The children; wiill ;be' provided with cakes, sandwiches,i6nixid pastry, lollies, and an .abundance. bf. tea. Sir W. T. Thornley has ?donated soft drinks for 600, and ,l1r'- t. H. Carter a box of' tea. ' Spbrts? will be' arranged, and £5 or'.86 will b:. giv'on in money prizes.'Tlhere. will. ienno charge for admission, aind tlhisBoard of' 'Advice hIa7e given "thed cholars a holil day for the occasion. A ghost has recently onaniifated ? its presence in the vicinitylofl Edarde', pyrites. works,. eShbast"opo. Four young men returning from swork;iat thel witching hoour of midniglt'afeww ven. ings ago were suddenly cofronted hby. an apparition in white advancing woith, extended arms. This was w succeedod. bya vigorous clashing of knives, accoium panied by a low moaning sound, as if the ghostly visitant were in an nagony of distress. The young menii" sre badly scared, and lost' 'no tinme iiil lengthening the distanid bhetwei'enthem and the ghost. One young follow in his frantic effirts to get away fell, ~nd sustained a few slight injuriesoto hid' hands. The Ballarat " Courier" says :--' A' resident of Magpie is the proud posses sor of a cat that is the champion ver ouln killer of thel district. Birds, rabbits, toads, iguoans, bloodsuckers, and lizards innumerable have fallen victima to the prowess of the animal. All previous efforts were, hlowever:' cclipsed on Saturday last, when the "cat came back" with a brown snake struggling in its clutches. Nedldess to. say tile sight of the uncanny thling. caused great consternation amongsttheo femrinino moibors of the household, but a young lady visitor pluckily. came to the rescue, and apeedily.des patclhed the reptile by a few. vigorous blows with a tiro-poker." ' " The "Chronicle" announces the death of Mr. Henry Struss. The de ceased gentleman was a very old resident of the ranges, being one of the original prospectors of the All Nations claim, in company with Mr F. Stander in the year 1863. At the time alluded to some very fine nuggets were unearthed ranging from pennyweights to over 100oz. Unfortunately the deceased has for many years suffered from acute rheumatism, and has been unable to follow any occupation of a laborious nature. Quite recently he sustained another attack, which, we regret to say, he succumbed to on Wednesday night. Without being too familiar we can con-. fidently say that there are a very large number who will miss the face of old " Harry." Miss Bates, a Californian younlg lady, the granddaughter of a former million aire,' is' perliaps 'the meost succesnftil floral dccorator..in:tho nor'ld V., Wali' six years this yoaung giirl wlho llad been left penniless.at'seventoon years of age has iuade a fortune Ly arrangitig flowers for diniers and social entertinmentsi S?e bega 'liei orireer hby decking the table of a Wnealthliy lady who was givlng a dlnner in hdrinor of a military hero Miss lntea had asked the hostesss; asa faVrdi, ti allow her to desigo and " arryi oiput thlr decorations, 'When theotaisk aw:aeccomplishod the, roomln .seemned trantformeil by one whol had tohe flig oa'f·f a fairy and the imaginlatiod of a pooe.' Every plant, eveiry floe'r, coair ied its effect aind there was so miich ,rlgiuality displayed' in tile arrange inent of the table tihat alnost every gueot asked tli nameof the 'now doeo; rator. Theo reult ;wias a o-qleiaiitly. increasing flow of orders for. the diis-' play of her talent.t 