ROUND THE WORLD ON THE BICYCLE. A GREAT TOUR BY THREE ENGLISHMEN.. the lovely city of lahore. umritsar'S golden temple. (By John Foster Frascr, S. Edward Limn, and Frank H. Lowo.) NO. , XLIII. UMMTHATt. We have been annoyed. Lonff before rc-.iehlnK the land ot Interminable gvds. when ploughing the sands and moaning the absence of roads .and kicking every boulder In exci-w of n:txly tenner, us though they, i»oor. unoffending, but ob structing bumps of rock were to blame, we cheered ourselves with the thought. "Ah.w.tlt till wo jyet to India; there shall we find KWtl roads; there are tho finest roads In tfte world." At Kurachee people wild. "Of course the roads nre tn;iffnllleent; but' not Just here. You will strike a pukkur road at Hyderlud." At Hyderbad It was. "Dear me, no, tmt from Sukkcr; v.-s, from Sukkor It Is like a Millard' bible." "That'K nonsense," said Sukker later on, "there are bits here and there, but — but—. Anywuy. Just wait till you reach Behawalpur : there the Grand Trunk road runs right "to Lahore." Did It? Not a" morsel. The good road was a cyclists' wiU-o'-lhc-wlsp. Mulian was to provide us with tho one thing prayed f<A\ Once there was a flicker of hope, hut only a wobbling undecided flicker. "At Montgomery you reach the Grand Trunk," said all Mul- tnn. "At Halwlnd It runs right across the railway line." raid all Montgomery. "Oh, you must go on to M ecu n nicer." said all Italwind. Patience ceased lo be a virtue. We trundled tho railway line till we were Hick of It. Wayside signallers, uncreiuin whether we wore a new kind of locomotive or not. waved :i red ting; then trifled with the green, and ulti mately fluttered the dirty white. Being Heated like u graids train rullled us. There Is a dazzling red shirt ill our kiL ThAt was our revenge. Goods p:issen- gers. and mail trains could see the red shirt before they saw the cyclist. The whistle shrieked und spluttered, and the brake applied. "That's U, give the poor engine a rest," we said. Necks craned from the windows, and picu were gambled whether we or tho mall would reach the next station first. We are truthful chroniclers, and therefore let us confess that the mall usually won. If, however, the secret history of the Indian North-Western Hallwuy ever comes to be written, there will be an account of mall trains delayed at some stations live and ten minutes t<» allow the passengers to peep at three wild wheelmen, who came panting behind. Hut In the prosaic olliclal reports of to day it will probably be read that those malt trainit were retarded by heavy wind und rand-storms. Eight hundred miles cycling along a rnllwuy trick wns :i trifle monotonous. We got weary of the iMi.'rruil exp.mHe of shaven earth. Even a sunset, with the darkening of n warm purple lraze through a delectable glimmer 1111 Just one bar of scraped lend rested on the edge of the world, wns regarded with a blase eye. Tired of the Milled pens and pasty bread ou which Hindus sustain a ricketty manhood, we proclaimed that when we reached civilisation two cows would be slaughtered to make u gas- tronomlcal hollUny. The Hindus laughed. "Oenllemens, you are funny gentle- mens. Other genUemcns they never smile, but you 'gentlcinens make fun ; I like you gentlemen." When we had swallowed the piece of tutgnr wo told about England. The Hindus crouched round and looked Into uur faces as though wo were inspired orators. They marvelled at the smallnes England, and the necessity of having It sur rounded with n wire fence to prevent children tumbling Into the sea. At Halwlnd we held an Indignation meeting remurkuhle for Us unanimity. The meeting took place on the edge of a railway sleeper, and It was proposed, second-id, and carried by acclamation, that India whs a distinct frost, that three estimable cyclists hud heeugrottsiy deceived, that the Indian Government should be called upon at once to provide pukker roads, that the country, instead nf being sylvan and romantic, was made up of sand, railway lines, and vegetarian Hindus, that— . And Just then a dust storm came raging' along, like :i hot, gritty London fog— that is. If a London fnfr can ho hot and gritty— and we huddled on the loeslde of the railway bank and waited an hour and a hair till It wus tired. Then In the darkness , of night, six miles from Lahore, wo at last, certainly and with out mistake, reached the Grand Trunk Koad. We had pursued It for over eight hundred miles, and we sang tho Doxolugy. Lahore ir a sort of glorified Kensing ton Gardens. There seems to be no streets, only avenues. Such avenues. The iKirder aru lined with flowers. Such flowers. And all the buildings are palaces. Such palace. The luscious perfumes of the eventide, strung and fragruut, are like the whiff of a ball- rouni, hot and clammy, but sconty. There Is the Mall, where everybody drives up and down hi the cooling hours, eyeing everybody else with cold scorn. If you are a deputy assistant secretary to a deputy assistant commissioner U Is different, and you may get a nod. Unless you nre a Government official, and wear a monocle, and swear at the natives, you- cannot be Invited to dinner. The sight of sights I on Sunday morning, when the colony gin's to the Cathedral. Then Is there a glorious contest In gurisms rai ment among the ladles; there nre magni ficent barouches with magnificent horses.drlven by men In startling colors, and with flunkies perched behind in more startling colore— a perfect Lord Mayor's Show of sumptuous silks, woixl- en dignity, ami "the odor of sanctity's eau-de-Cologne," all hastening to be seech the Almighty they may be meek, and their hearts are not given to vain- glorlousness. We went to the native town. It wns a swift transit from Kensington Gardens to a conglomeration of Petticoat Lane, Old Cairo, and a rubbish lump. The streets are narrow, packed with a ka leidoscopic throng,, the nlr so thick you. ran cut It Into Junks, and half the files in creation buzzing about you. When our European carriage met a Hindu car riage—a sort of cross between a l'unch and Judy show and a dirty llnou basket upside down, held together with four long sticks and two trees as shafts, and gcnerutly with four passengers— the en tire traffic was blocked for half an hour. Tho Incessant beat of the tom-toms was like a throbbing nightmare, horrible paintings of horrible men grinned from the walls, barbers Were busy shaving a clean line across Hindu heads., fakirs, smeared with mud, which was their only attire except n club nn<l necklet, scowled when wc smiled. At every easement sat Hindu women In their finery, some beautiful, some not beautiful, greasy- haired, with rings on their finger, and toes, In their care- and their noses. In a courtyard, hung with flowers, and slKided by an awning, wus bawling and Instrument torturing and noisy ap plauding. ; We penetrated. There was the naughty nnutch dunce In full swing. A crowd of amu»<i men squatted In circles, and they banged ono another about to make room for us. The orclies- tra worked hard i and perspired freely. The Nautch girl, fat and un graceful, also perspired freely. 8ho was not languid, or poetical, or dreamy. She was Just a stout woman, very hoL So we came out of the oven and found the blistered streets cool by contrast. A bundle of wonderfully gabled houses split the rush of the'mob In twain. On a dirty board was a dirty uotfct uvtaunclng the auarters of IUtore TbeoHophlcal Society." Over tho way ono read "Th»» f rcshest and most im Pint medicines sold hotv." The Hasurt-bjigh, the summer resi dence nf potential rotwabs In former <t»y. ww delightful. One could breathe poetry. There was the rustle of the thick leaved trn-s; the marble retreats, gleaming white; the spiral pillars, and the dainty running Inlaid llorat designs; the blue and the gold and the green plaques; the shimmering mirrors, exqui site and graceful. Tho white stone and golden top of the Hanjlt Singh's tomb showed over the courtly banyan trees. Wv sauntered among the roses and In tho shade of the itUms, climbed the stops nf the red mosque, and stood In tho marble hall where rest Uie ashes of the nuwab and those of his four queens and seven concubines and two doves, nil .sacrificed on the funeral pyre. Not a sound from Lahore, though so near, trespassed on the silence. There was only some chattering crows la the high branches, it was a place for a man to rest In and be contemplative and fgrow wise. Looking over the wall one saw Hindu boys playing cricket, and under the trees an English girl. Moused and struw-hatied. was spinning on her bicycle. The Fort la close at hand, sturdy walled and buttressed. At the gate a stodgy Thomas Atkins, who spoke n mix ture of Knlghtsbrldgc, Somerset, and Brecon Welsh, greeted us. "Want to see tli' fort, gents. Hall right, you Jlst fuller inc. Your'e riding rhan the bloMnln' world, ain't yer? Strike me. but yer rum uns. look yer. Zuin folk. likes work. Not me; no bloumln' fear; Hi tykes hit Iieasy. Hindla! Oh/Hindla's halt right, look yer; that Is, fur 'em us likes It. It's a fair cough-drop a thues; a cooker, a reg'lar knock-hout, s help me., Yer sees them pictures on 't Willi. Jtampagerous helephnnts all a'- fitlng. Ain't that 'un on 't right gtvln' l other chappie socks. That bloke In front Huiutln'. him on 't bridge; he's a Syk; fair maulers In fightin'; they can bruise, catch yer In 't wind 'an knock yer silly. Hut I don't, look yer, rrekons much on 't natives. Las' week they had a Hummydam or altummyzam, some re ligiousness like, and there was near aome upsettln i)' apple carts. We lied our guns ready an' 'ud give 'um beans hed they started hanky-panklng. Now, look here, gents. You sees that bridge. >\ell, when th' British cops this 'ere fort the mjah-johnnle he Jlmps It an gets corps -d. An' them Syk soldiers won't do a blessed bit o' guard duly at night- says as how the rajah's ghost Is alius ubhout So we lleugfish, look you, he ter keep guard. Seen the rajah? No slch luck, if I saw him I'd make 'lm show his kit. Fine view! Yes, gents. If yer wants to yer can climb them there chimbteys." "You mean the minarets of the mosque?" wus hinted. "I don't know what yer call 'em; 1 calls 'ein ehimblc-ys." He was a garrulous little fellow, was Mr Atkins- As wo looked over the ar moury he Imparted curious information alKMit antique Implements of war- lie stuck a dumpy fist on a dumpy thigh, and, rubbing th- buck of his other dumpy fist across his forehead, said, "It's warm, gents, an' when It's warm It gets thirsty like. There' the canteen, an' there's no hobjectlun, mind yer. to yer groin' In : that Is If you've a mind." We hndu't a mind, and preferred Inspecting the wonderful marble audience chamber, finer than anything we saw In Persia. We climbed to the top of the tower, and looked far over the land of the Punjaub, and listened to a naive description of fort defence. "The nytSvcH hover tyke this 'ere fort!" Hold our guide, with a touch of derision. "Look yer. we has bloomln' pcrvlslons fur twelve bloomln years. Tyke hit; d like ter see 'em." ' One afternoon wo spent In the silent recesses of tho Hhallmnr Gardens, a kind of oriental Versailles, with big basins of fountain-spouted water, ami gurgling cascades and twittering blrds.'aiul no tices that you will be prosecuted If you pluck the Mowers— English Mowers— swcetwllllam. pinks, velvety pontiles, fox gloves, wnUfiowors, cornilowcrH, mignon ette and weeds, in the evening we rode over to I'uirltsar, the Hi. John's Wood of Lahore, only thirty-Mix inlle away, and we'eovered the distance in an easy three hour, with n slice of moon, which Is better than no moon, as our lantern. For we travelled that most blessed of all roads. the-Graml Trunk, and our heart grew exceedingly light. Tho rpnd is made of konkcr, and Us nearest Eng lish equivalent Is concrete. Heavily follaged trees shelter the way, and tin either side are traetfs for the bullock waggons, also shaded. We could sing a ptcun on the Grand Trunk. There 1 plenty lo see In Umrltsar- Including a shucking statue of Queen Victoria, with a crown stuck Jauntily and unroynlly on one side— but after you have seen all you only remember one thing. That ik the Golden Temple of Hindus. When we saw it we re canted our heterodox and unapprecla- live opinions about India. We made our pilgrimage' In the early mum, when the air was sweet and the natives wore busy with their ablutions, smearing themselves with caste marks, tying charms nlsiut them, and gelling stuffed with holiness' to tost another twenty- four hours. We sallied through the packed und busy streets. There was n big nil stone tower, and we were sahuitned into a room with rich car- pots and gaudy settees, our shoes were whisked off, and. our feet encased In gold bedizened sllp|>ora of green and blue, and we were asked to unload any cigars or cigarettes, for it was desecrq- , tloti to curry ..tobacco within the temple. Advancing in the silver light of the early dny, wo came to a row nf steps, where a stream of chocolate-stained humanity wus tumbling down, with a confusion of tongues and such a bewil derment of attire. A lake lay In front, surrounded by walks of white marble, A white marble archway, carved .and embrasured and with dark recesses, flaunted two orange banners. A pier of while marble pushed to (lie centre of the lake, und on a marble floor, and resting on a shelf of marble, was the Golden Temple, a square building, or nate, embossed, with eccentric chiselling and slim pillars, delicate eaves over hanging trellJs»d tracery, range of Intus-Mowered tower, und all of gold- pure, dazzling, gleaming, glorious gold; an oriental heaven, a scene that spell- buinul the imagination. At the bottom of the steps was a twisted tree that the worshipper touched with the tips of the fliigtrs.then putting the fingers to tho forehead. Beg gar and lamed and blind sat In rows, with outstretched palms, moaning prayers. Hundred of Hindus were at the water's edge, Hplnsh'lng In the holy tloocl. We went with the surge, und were the only people nol carrying Tho great arch with tho orange bnn- nor bad a gateway of sheotod silver on one side, and the other wan of sandal wood, Inlaid with Ivory. A the crowd grow dense the jierfume of the rones hung like a mist In the hlr. At the door of the temple nil prostrated and touched the ground with their forehead. We entered and stood on one side. In the coptre lay a silken sheet piled with roses. A string of white robed priests sat around, with tho chief priest at one end near the sacred book of the Sikhs, und on the covering rested wreathn of red rosea. . An orchestra with aoft-strlnged Instruments played pathetic and sense-stealing sensuous melodies, and often the players Joined In with the low hum of their voices. Tho walls were of rich red and vivid green chased with gold, and broken Into gothlc vault overhead. A damask embroidered awning swung above the priests. The crowd, demure, fantastic, earnest, walked round tho priepts, and threw their offerings of roues Into the lap of the silken cloth. It was beautiful — this offering of the blushing flowers, the reverence, the meekness, the atmo sphere of mysticism, the lavish, resplen dent wealth, the Impressive music, the fascinating earnestness of. It all. Wc came away speaking no, words. . But what a Jar wo received at tho outer gate! ' There was u horde nf vul tures that swung upon us. "Now, sahibs, can't I sell you some curios, some fine knives ? Here's a knife that a Pathun committed a murder with at Peshawar; It's five rupees more than the others." "Photographs, sahibs, won't you buy my photographs ?" "Will you come, sahibs, and some Indian carpets ? I don't wont . you to buy them, Just lo see them; do. sahibs, come: really i don't want you to buy. Just to see." And so on. We tried to coax them away with friendly sayings; they wore confounded nuisances. Hut M wns easier to coax an earthquake with the historic bun than t«» coax those fellows. We said. "Well, to-morrow we will come and buy all your goods." Which was a lie. for we arc leaving Umrltsar this afternoon. 