A Perilous Positiors, Pobhsred sy Sfeoue Akbansemest.J By MARY' ALBERT,. . Author of "Tho Luckiest Man in tho World," "The Bride of a Day," "Brooke Finohley's Daughter," " A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," ' "Tho Shelling of tho Peas," &o.;, &o.; ' ' . , Copyright. . . ' CHAPTER XIII. — (Continued.) , .© '0 A WE'LL koep. togotlior, Leigh, '' snid Jtnrtiu, W; us his friend wout on W®" v®" into tho ruins. ' Mj- belief is wo shall discover Mr." Olford, and that ho won't ho living. Jim Hills wus thoro. I saw him; and so did Reginald Olford. And Leigh, I think Reginald saw tho ghost. Ho as good as said so!' ' Wlint, old Sir Godfrey's ? ' Martin nodded. Leigh looked gravor still. . 'I dm afraid tlioso ruins harbour mon of queer ohnraotor,' said lie. ' Oh, Martin; wo must bo propavod for tho ' 'worst.'. ' ' ' .'Ho laid his hand on tho hoy's arm Mid thoy entorod tho ruins in Bilonee. > I'lt was horo that I picked up tho hundkerohiof,' 'said' Loigli, pointing to "tho spot.,' ' By forco or otji'orwiso Mr. , , Olford must hnvo boon as,|iii- as this part n-of tho ruins;' . - - ; " ' 'And it' was frota/ttiis point (I had v' got .'on to . the wall) that' I caught sight , -of Ilills,' rojoineel Martin. ' You aro i< tall onough- to' look. over. Do you soo anything bolow ?' : ' . " ( Nothing hut a sort of;hnttorod tin 4,'sdaso on a lioap of stones.' 'I sent it thoro when: I sorarablod down,' said Martin. 'It would havo given rinydn'o nn iigly knopk hud it oomo v, " iii ono's \ytiy. But, oomo along, it. is no -. good - staring, at a thiug whioh is of no ' uso whatevoi'.' -V . . "Whon ho and Loigh.hnd gono all ovor ; tho . piaco, olimbing, narrow Btairwavs f", i-brokon away, 'and -risking thoir .neoks '. moro than onoo, and had assurod thom- Eoivps thiit no human boing was hiddon therd; tlioy passod hy tho tin case which Martin hatl dislodged, from tho wall and sent flying,. Tho hoy pioked it up and turned it about. : ' It's a handylittlo thing,' reinarkod i h: ' anfl oply wants rubbing up.' Murtin. you will certainly booomo an antiquarian.; No, you are moro likely J.' ' tbjstart fit Old Curiosity; Shop, for your I ' i'coilpction of ruhhiBh increases at an fe; Valarming rate. -But I ch'oad going in to .'Olford Houso, for had. thoro been any . ' ; tidings yet wo should havo hoard tliom.' Hio was- right. Thoro had been no js. -tidings whntovor of tho ownor of tho & : (Ruins. This, new oalamity-wakoned in keonoBt.for'oo tlio romomhrnnco of that ijpeaqpful' 'Sunday aftdrnooin,' when the v';-,. . vicari of Thorpeloigh hod so suddenly disappeared- hor had; over einco beon \- jreard of. . '.Viflffbqro'wflS lus.Bo(--lyij>g?Tymur- dored, doubtless, by somo desperate villain. And wboro was tho culprit ? . CHAPTER XIV. : - . Maroaiiux's Discovery;- '. Tho tidings of tho disnppcavancb of Mr. Olford reached Thorpoloigh Couvt almost as soon as tho largo housobold there was awako, but to' Miss Thorpo- leigh lioi-solf not . a- word was said, as hor 'friond hail bnjoinod tho servants novor to sponli'oLnny disquioting news boforo their mistress till lier health wus stronger)' ' ( But, if Mr. Olford is not found boforo noon,' said sho, -'I must for hor own snko acquaint Miss Thorpoloigh with what lias happened,' for 4t is inipossiblo that sho should cbntiiino to walk about tho woods nnd grouuds nlono at night fall, unless this now mystery is satis factorily cleared up.' So not a word was spokon boforo tho heiress, who, as hor friond ohaorvod with satisfaction, .looked brighter, and had moro lifo in hor faco than sho had worn for many a day.- Aftor breakfast Margaret strollpd out of tho Froncli window; on to tho lawn, calling hor dogs round hor, and Mrs. Moriston, observing that .sho was not drossod for walking and had' not ovcin put on a hat, was in no fear that tho girl would go far onough from- the house to encounter any daugor. And bo, whilo tho dogs capered joyously about, Margaret walked on in tho morning sunlight, building plonsnut castles in tho air. - ' Sho mot tho hoad gardonor, Ash,' who inquired hor wiBhos uhout cgrtiiin new plants sho had ordorod, and all tlio 'whilo, though she appeared to bo listening to what ho said, hor thoughts, had travelled far away to that' possiblo future, when Godfroy Byng should return, ohunged hy timo und hardship and tho knowledge of hor constancy,' nnd thoy two would live a new lifo together.. After hor brief dialogue with the gardener sho wont on down a shady walk, ths dogs frolioking boforo, hut.slie had no intention of going on into tho woods boyond, though tho animals had dashed through tho fonco and woro soon lost to yio\y. Sho -put hor silvor whistle to her lips to recall the run aways, who' were uttering oxoitod barks not far oil, and who continued to bark, notwithstanding her repeated signals, which horotoforo thoy bad always obeyed. Thon Margaret forgot ovorything >«q!frjrote»Wo dggjr-te her je,ts,frpm traps, and sho ran into tho wood, calling their mimes imperatively. Ono of them, Dan, came leaping to wards lier across tho tangled brushwood, but immediately darted back -to- bis companion, who remained' out of sight, barking sharply. 'Ho must be caught in a trap!' oxcliiiincd Mm-garot, hurrying in tlio diroutiou of tho sound, and a moment- or two took hor within sight of tlio dogs, who, '.Violently oxbited by some" object huddled at the foot of. u troo, now attempted to draw hor to tlio spot-. Tlio next instant lier oar caught a distinct moan. 'Merciful honvon ! It is i'i man!', sho gasped, nnd forced hor trembling limbs to tho side of tho prostrate flguro. Tho latter, hound and. gagged ns ho was, perceived hor, and uttered another nioau., A shook of dreadful four ran through hor, us sho now took in tlio fact of the, gag, and tlio stout leathern thongs that effectually strapped the. arms and limbs, tendering . tho nian helpless. In un instant sho had knelt down nnd removed tho gag, suppoi-tiug moantimo tho head of' this hnploss follow-boing. ' Thank God !' he feebly uttered, upon which Margaret , cried out as slio recognised her neighbour : 'Mr. Olford !' 'Can you manage to unstrap my. foot ?' said ho, gaBpiiigly. . ' I will try, and I will get liulp.' 'No, no. Don'tloavomo. Tho villains - liavo loft mo my knife ; with that you 1 can cut the straps.' : . ' i ' Too docply couCofnqd to trouble him. just no iv -.with any qucstioUtug, Mar- gurct found tho knife, aud after exor cising all hor strength, cut through tho i thongs.' ; . ' J ' Ah ! how can I thank you ?' moaned tho poor gentleman; ' ' Now try to rc- ' leaso my arms, and'; I will attempt to walk to' tlio houso if you will lot iu'o.' . i Margaret's trembling fingers wont to : work again on tho remaining fotters ; which hound tlio' unfortunate Mr. : Olford, anil sho had to dash tho tears of pity from hor. oyos before sho could complete hor work of dcliveraneo. Thon sho aided him to rise — no easy task, for ho was stiff and chilled, and tlio shock mid misery lio' had endured lind en feebled liiiu. Loaning against a trob, his hand rest ing oil' Margaret's ready arm, ho ossayod to walk; . ' I will not ask you anything now. Onlj- lot ino got you' into tho grounds- there wo can hnvo liolp,' said sho, hor concern increasing; '.Yon omnc just in , timo,' ho mur mured. Then they moved Blpwly. on, sho lciiding him, ho pixntipg for. breath, and shivering. f Tlio dogs hud merrily caught up tho leather straps, in ohodionoo to Margaret's command to tako thorn homo, and now ran forward, frisking; anil slinking the straps, thus attracting tlio notioo of Ash, tlio gardonor, who was i>liuiuing certain alterations 'which Miss Thorpeloigh wished miute. . ' Whatever liayo you got thoro, Dan ?' cried lie, as-tlio -animal . dropped ; some thing at his foot ; riioing oif , with it ugaili, howovort'. pofoi-b; liq could soo blenily what thb'dbg'hiid' jn .its .mouth. Tiion Dnn's companion. Trap, riiood up, 'comporting himself - in - tlio: solf- samq manner, and hy this time Mr.. Ash per- coivod a linndkbrohief fluttoring, as. if to iittruet attention, and then ho hoard n cry. - . " 'Why, that was Miss Thorpeloigh's voieoj-suroly !' .and ho ran townvds tho signal made. Sure onough .tlioro .was his young mistress, pdlor thuh he" had over boforo' seen lier, mid by hor sulo.wus :a gontlo- innn. sitting on- a-.-bank,-. A second gluuce told hint tlmt it was tho missing ' ownor of tho. Ruins. ' .' Thank' God, , you're found, sir,', ejaculated fhe gardonor.. ,v .- ' Cnn-you iiolp.mo — up to the houso, "Ash ?'-rotuvnod-Miv Olford. . - . "'Bring 'tho' pony i' chair;' oried , Mar garet., "Toll tliom. to; got -coffee — hraridy— and send off a groom to lot , Mr. Roginald know;1 . _ - ' Y"cs, ma'am.. I will ht) back directly.' ; : ' 1 . , . Ash -was- as. good ns his word. In . -another, fivo- minutes tho oruelly mal- ' teoafo'd gentleman- was reposing on a couoh in' tho library; Ono mcRsongor was dopdtched -to his: son, another to a doetor-r-whilo Margaret remained be- Bide.liim, entreaiiing him,, with tears in ; lieii byes, to try .to eat something. ; ; And when ; lie had swallowed somo boffeo ho discbyored tliat ho was raven ously hungry, and devoured tho chickon ' with muoh ' good will whioh Margaret offered 1 him, aftor which he smiled ! .languitjlyi and said,, moxp in his 'uiimI! . .,-ra -v..r;rTr.;;i ., A. voico, ' I shall pull through now.' So that when tlie medical man, so hastily summoned, arrived, lie . declared that rest.and complete quiet - wore - all that were needed. . - . .' Stay liorc thon as long ns over it suits you, Mr. Olford,' urged Margaret, lioBpitnbly, .' I liavo already seut to Mr. Reginald.' . . 'My. dear young lady, you- aro a maryol. of . womankind,' - returned ho, smiling. ' All this timo you .liavo not asked mo how I eumo into the cruol plight from which you dolivovod mo, so anxious havo you boon to houso and aid mo. But it is timo I.toid you my story. 1 suppose, all tho country . sido know that I was missing ?' . ; ' All oxcopt Miss Thorpoloigh, sir,' replied tho house steward, who was in uttandanco, - ( Mrs. Moriston forbade us to inform her of it.' ' And .it was slio .. who disoovorcd me. How strange 1' ; -. 'Ah, hero sho -comes. '.'said Margaret, ' iu timo to hoar what you huvo to tell, nud to congratulate .you on your safety. Mrs. Moriston, horo is Mr. Olford.' ' My dear, Mr. Olford !' exclaimed tho elder, lady,, hnstoning.to greet him, 'I was in tho grounds looking for Miss Thorpeloigh, and liavo hut this mornont, hoard that you woro here. What can havo happened to you ? The wholo neighbourhood -is in a formont. Your son and all your household, together with most of tho pooplo nt Wroxloy, liavo boon searching for you all night. Tho news only reached us this morning.' ' My dear madam, Miss Thorpoloigh lms outdono) thorn all, for it is sho who hus discovered and dolivored-mo.' 'Btit whore?. And,: again, what happened to -you ? ' ' I was walking . homo, by tho Ruins (as I havo boon accustomed to do, but will .pover do again) when somo ono tripped mo up from behind, aud-I found mysolf holploss in tlio grasp of two men, who threatened to tnkoiuy life if I'mndo tho loust sound, - and hurried mo forward into theuiidst of tho Ruins, thon to ono of tho uhdprgrouml rooms. I could not struggle, " hb my captprs had put - on handcuffs, and I was completely at their mercy.' . ' You were robbed !' ojaoulatod Mrs. Moriston. .' Indeed I was, notwithstanding my precaution -of noyor , carrying watch or money ht pight, My dbsiro to disabuse the -villagers7 of '.'n (boliof in old Sir Godfi'oy's. ghost has cost mo very doar.' ' But if you had no,monby with you or valuables, Mr. . Olford.?' interposed Margaret. . . |r os ooNTiutmi), : 