THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOUCE. BENDIGO. THURSDAY, MAY 13, 1897. RESCUE WORK. THE Salvation Army is a wonderful institu- tion, and, judged by its fruits, a power for good in the world. By its means reclaim- ing and elevating influences have reached sections of the community which seemed to be past redemption. Its success has been marvellous, and what is the secret of its power? Certainly it does not lie in the exposition of a complicated ???? of theology. From the utterance???? its teachers, by day and by night in the streets and in the barracks, it is seen that love to God and love to man are foundation prin- ciples, Jesus Christ is presented as the Saviour of the fallen, and purity of life is in- sisted on as necessary to happiness. By pre- cept and example the Army has worked for the rescue of the fallen, and it abounds in good works. In all parts of the world it has within comparatively few years carried its banners, and brought new hopes to, and inspired new life and joys in thousands of the hapless ones of earth. In Victoria its work has been remarkable. " Commandant" Booth has lately been letting the world know something of its doings. It is not long since it purchased the splendid build- ings of the Young Men's Christian Associa- tion, in Melbourne, for the head- quarters of the Army. It has also bought the Model Lodging Home, in King- street, to be turned into a Workmen's Metropole, and a farm of 216 acres has been obtained for £8,000 at Bayswater, while £2,000 has been given for a mansion in Fitzroy to be used as a maternity home. A night shelter has also been obtained in the centre of the slums of Melbourne. Altogether £30,000 has thus been expended. Where the money comes from is surprising. It is certainly not from the Government, to which so many other institutions run for help. The great pro- gress made in the seven Australasian colonies is illustrated by the fact that pro- perty to the value of £750,000 is invested in "Commandant" Booth for the religious and social work of the Army, which is under his direction. The responsibility is a great one, and yet the " Com- mandant's" salary is a small one, not so much, it is stated, as a junior reporter obtains on a Melbourne newspaper. Self- denial is a big virtue in connection with the Army. The cost of keeping the organisa- tion going must be considerable, even on the most economical lines, and yet it is done in a very efficient manner. The reason is that as far as possible the work is made self-supporting. Idleness, from the "com- mandant " downward, is not encouraged. The farm at Bayswater is in connection with rescue work. On it rescued boys and boys entrusted to the Army by the State will be trained under competent instructors in kit- chen gardening, dairying, fruit growing and the raising and management of horses, cattle, pigs, fowls, etc. This healthy work, associated with a moral and religious atmosphere, should be the means of laying the foundation of good and useful citizens in these waifs and strays, and " fit them to go out into the world capable of earning an honest living. Dormitories are to be erected for 40 boys and 20 men. The farm is expected to be self-supporting. Such, at all events, is stated to be the case with the thirteen other such farms possessed by the Army in Europe, the United States and Canada. The Maternity Home, sad to say, is an in- stitution which appears to be much needed in the metropolis, as it is already full. It may prove the saving of many an unfortunate girl from utter wreck. The Workmen's Metropole is likely to prove a great success. There a man will be able to get something to eat for a penny, and a comfortable bed and thorough wash, hot water if necessary, for threepence. If the applicant has no money he can readily earn a shilling in the wood and coal yard at the back of the lodging house. The principle on which the institution is worked — and experience has shown that it is the right one — is that no beds should be given free. The means of earning a bed and food are never refused, and it does not take long to earn a shilling. For that a clean, warm, well provided reading room, good music or other entertainment in the evening are given with a wash, supper, bed, break- fast, and a bit to help the lodger on his way next day, and, the ".Commandant" humorously states, "he need not go to knee drill or say his prayers if he does not want to." An institution of this kind should prove a godsend to many a poverty stricken and workless one. It is hoped that by it "the benches in the park will be robbed of their patrons, that the wharf rats will become as ordinary citizens and that boilers will lose their charm as human habitations." All honor to the Army for its good and self-denying labors. It has set an example for helping the really poor and unfortunate and for controlling and reclaiming the idle and vicious that may well be copied. THE BENDIGONIAN.—The illustrated pages of this week's issue of the Bendigonian are specially devoted to a series of photographs in connection with the Ben- digo Austral Literary and Debating Society, and the forthcoming competition to be held under its auspices. The photographs include Lord and Lady Brassey, who are patrons of the society, and who will be present during the competition ; the Rev. A. S. C. James and Messrs. J. Robson (Ballarat), and Mr. J. G. Oliphant, who will be judges on the occasion ; Mr. P. A. Apted (president), and Messrs. A. L. Bolton and J. Smalley (joint honorary secre- taries). These portraits fill one page, and another is devoted to photographs of the various prizes (medals, silverware, books, etc.). There are five columns of reading matter in connection with the forthcoming competition. A feature of the Bendigonain this week is an in- teresting and entertaining "Social Gossip" letter from Melbourne. The tale, which has been running for some time past under the title of " Assailant Stars" is concluded in this week issue, and next week a new serial, " The Earl's Secret" (by J. Marsden Sutcliffe) will be commenced. RAILWAY RECEIPTS.—The railway revenue for the quarter ended March is £685,559, or an increase of £59,439 compared with the cor- responding period of last year. The revenue for the nine months ended March shows an in- crease of £130,000 compared with the cor- responding period of the previous year. WILLS AND BEQUESTS.—Wills in the follow- ing estates have been proved :—John Hartwell, Wharparilla, £1,502 ; Henry White, Eagle- hawk, £2,296 ; Henry G. C. Cox, Rochester, £203 ; Robert Simpson, Long Gully, £659. The will of the late Arthur Magee, timber merchant, has been lodged for probate. The estate is valued at £13,206, and beyond £10 bequeathed for masses, it is left to his family and relatives. RESIGNATION OF TIIE HOSPITAL RESIDENT SURGEON.—Last evening Dr. W. J. Long, re- sident surgeon of the hospital, tendered his re- signation as he purposes entering into private practice in the city. The resignation was ac- cepted by the committee. During the four years the doctor has been connected with the institution he has discharged his duties satisfactorily, and has won many warm friends. In reply to a question by Mr. McGowan the doctor said he was willing to remain in charge of the institution until the end of June if necessary in order to prevent any inconvenience in connection with the appointment of a successor. It was decided to advertise for ap- plications from gentlemen qualified to fill the vacancy at a salary of £250 per annum to com- mence with. It was also decided that the per- sonal canvassing of members of the committee by candidates or their friends should not be allowed, and Mr. Hoskins inquired if it should be necessary for applicants to state their sex, but the laughter which the query excited showed pretty plainly that the committee was hardly prepared to try the experiment of having a lady resident surgeon at any rate not just yet. THE WEATHER.—Fine weather prevailed yes- terday. There were indications of a change at times, but the threatened and much looked for rain kept off. RELIGIOUS SERVICES FOR CONVALESCENT PATIENTS.—A communication was read at the hospital committee meeting last evening from the Rev. R. C. N. Kelly, of All Saints' Church, asking permission to hold religious services fortnightly in the institution for the benefit of convalescent patients. In reply to a question, Mr. Stamp (secretary) said that no such services had been held since his connection with the institution. He believed that something of the sort was held years ago, but there were very few patients who attended, and "the staff" was always too busy to permit of their putting in an appearance, and so the services fell through. Mr. T. H. Henderson pointed out that there was no State Church here, and if the committee granted permission to one denomin- ation it could not withold it from another. He remembered that a deal of feeling was infused into the matter when such services were pre- viously held in the hospital. Dr. H. Boyd was of a similar opinion, and Mr. McGowan con- sidered that the committee would be acting wisely if it let well alone. The letter was simply received. DR. JAS. BUICK.—At the meeting of the hos- pital committee last night, the secretary, Mr. Stamp, stated that the assistant resident sur- geon, Dr. J. Buick, who had been granted three months' leave of absence to enable him to take a trip to Japan for the benefit of his health, arrived in Sydney yesterday on his re- turn journey, and was expected to reach Ben- digo next week. A BENDIGO COURT CASE.—Our Melbourne correspondent writes—The County Court action brought by the Austral Otis Engineering Com- pany against Mr. J. J. Deeble, of Bendigo, was concluded yesterday. The plaintiff sought to compel defendant to complete a contract for the purchase of an Otis crusher, on which plain tiff had paid £300 out of £500, the price of the machine. The defendant counter claimed for the return of the £390 and an additional £535 for damage sustained. Judge Gaunt gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the balance, £200, with costs. AN EASTER FAIR ART UNION.—The draw- ing of the art union in connection with the Easter Fair refreshment booth, the first prize for which is a pony, harness and gig, was drawn at the Town Hall last evening under the super- vision of the mayor and a number of other gentlemen. The winning numbers are pub- lished in our advertising columns, and the prizes may be obtained on application at the residence of the hon. secretary, Mr. W. P. Tardif, Milroy- street. All prizes unclaimed by 3rd June will be sold by public auction. HIGH PRICES FOR BENDIGO GRAPES. Messrs. Pleasance and Graham, Melbourne, re- port having sold from Mr. Thos. Delbridge, Epsom—Black Prince, 10s 3d ; Waltham Cross, 9s, 8s 3d ; Centennial, 9s; Black St. Peter, 7s 6d ; Red Fingers, 6s 9d. Grown by Mr. A. Jenkin, Epson — Choice mixed, 11s 6d, 11s ; Black St. Peter, 7s 6d. Grown by Mr. J. Hood, Huntly —Centennial, 7s 6d ; Waltham Cross, 8s. DANGEROUS AMUSEMENT.— Last evening several of the youngsters congregated around the Wesleyan school -room, Golden-square, amused themselves by throwing lighted crackers on the footpath and roadway to the annoyance of pedestrians and the danger of passing vehicular traffic. Constable Walshe's attention was directed to the matter, and the names of two of them (T. Hawkins and W. James) were taken by that officer with a view to future proceedings. THE CITY POOR BOX.— Whether by accident or design has not transpired, but the authorities have affixed to the front of the press box in the Police Court a receptacle for he superfluous cash of the habitues of that place, marked " Poor Box." There is not much that misses the eye of the chairman of the Wednesday morning bench, Mr. Anderson, and on the justices taking their seats yesterday morning that gentleman immediately noticed the " improvement," and expressed the hope that the notice was not a public notification of the financial condition of the occupants of the box. The unfortunate scribes could not deny that they were in a state of chronic hardupness, but one of them ventured to add that though poor they were honest. The justices (Messrs. Anderson, Henderson and Perry), subsequently placed three half-crowns in the box. THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT.— A large and fashion- able audience is expected at the Princess' Theatre on Friday evening, 28th May, on the occasion of the vice- regal visit on the final night of the Austral Society's Competition. The box plan is filling rapidly, and the season tickets, judging by the early sale, have found favor with the public. Special attractions have been secured for the evening in question in consideration of the distinguished visitors. CRICKET CLUB BANQUET.—The Long Gully Cricket Club held a banquet last night at the Long Cully Mechanics' Institute to celebrate the close of the cricket season and the club's success in winning the Dunlop Tobacco Com- petition. Mr. A. Dunstan (president) occupied the chair, and here were about 50 present. The following toast list was gone through :— "The Queen" by the chairman, "Success to Cricket" by the chairman, and responded to by Mr. A. Mackay (president of the Bendigo Dis- trict Cricket Association); " Kindred Clubs" by Mr. C. Loader, and responded to by Mr. W. Roeder (B.U.C.C.) and Mr. C. Neerhut (North Bendigo C.C.),and "TheDonors of the Trophies," "The Press," "The Ladies" and "The Chair- man," The following presentations were made during the evening :— The Dunlop Competition cup was presented by Mr. E. Owen (on behalf of the donors) to the Long Gully Cricket Club, Mr. W. Eva (hon. secretary) acknowledging. Subsequently Mr. J. Job presented the cup to Mir. C. Loader, captain of the team. Mr. Loader presented a neatly framed picture con- taining the portraits of the players and leading members to Mr. A. Dunstan, the club's worthy president. Mr. Polgaise's handsome butter cooler, for the best batting average during the season, was presented to Mr.. K. Lyon, who also received Mr. Beckingsall's pipe for the highest individual score. Mr. Ford received Mr. Hock- ing's ball for the best bowling average during the season, and Mr. Lyon's gold pins for the best batting and bowling performances in the final match with Kangaroo Flat fell to Messrs. Cr. Davis and J. Trewartha respectively. The ball with which the final match was played was presented to Mr. Pellow, whose health was also specially honored, as he leaves for Broken Hill to-day. Altogether a very enjoyable evening was spent, and the various speeches and pre- sentations were interspersed with songs. ROYAL PRINCESS' THEATRE. —Messrs. Ander- son and HoIIoway's successful season of four weeks at the Royal Princess' Theatre was brought to a close last evening with the repro- duction of " The Silver King " by Messrs. Mac- Mahon's Dramatic Company, which formed the third attraction of the season, and there was a packed house. The fine drama was presented in the excellent manner which characterised the opening performances, and was received with due appreciation. To mark the closing night a New Rapid bicycle was given away by the management, everyone in the audience re- ceiving a numbered ticket. During the last interval the mayor (Mr. H. M. Marks), accom- panied by Cr. Bailes, appeared on the platform, and supervised the drawing, which was con- ducted by Mr. Robert Inman. Tickets with numbers corresponding with those held by the audience were placed in the usual way in a bar- rel, and after it had been given a few turns by the mayor a small boy dipped in his hand and brought out ticket No. 738. Mr. Inman asked the audience for the ticket with that number, but for a time there was no response. " Look at your tickets," he called to the gallery. " We can't see 'em," was the reply. The " dim religious light" which usually accompanies the tragic deeds on the stage, was then succeeded by the turning up of the gas, and presently there was an excited stir and the lucky winner stood up. He was then called down to the stage and proved to be Mr. Robert Strike, of Queen- street. Mr. Inman then thanked the audience on be- half of the management for the liberal patron- age accorded the company during its stay, and mentioned that it hoped to return in a few months. GOLDEN-SQUARE DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION. —Last evening a meeting of this association was held in the Golden-square Working Men's Club. The president, Mr.. J. Richardson, occupied the chair. Mr. P. Eliis, the pro- motor of the proposed tramway between the city and Golden-square, waited on the associ- ation with a model of his light gear apparatus and running track, the details of which he fully explained, and he also promised to wait on the association at a future meeting after final arrangements had been made with the City Council. Several local matters were attended to and the meeting closed. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.—A youth named Martin Hansen, who resides in Queen-street, was driv- ing in a butcher's cart yesterday morning when he was thrown out and one of the wheels passed over his body. He was conveyed to the hos- pital, where Dr. Long found that in addition to a severe injury to his left hip, two or three ribs on his left side were fractured. BENDIGO SCHOOL BOARD OF ADVICE.—The monthly meeting was held at the office of the correspondent (Mr. J. H, Curnow) on Tuesday. Present:— Messrs. Coope (in the chair), Perry, Houston, and the correspondent. A letter was received from the City Council requesting the concurrence of the board in the action of the State school teachers in assisting the jubilee committee to entertain the school children. It. was decided to grant co-operation. The Austral Debating Society wrote requesting a half-holi- day for the schools on the 26 inst. On the motion of Mr. Perry, seconded by Mr. Houston, it was resolved to reply stating that the board could not grant the half-holiday in view of the fact that a whole holiday would be given on 24th inst, but that the board would not interfere with the teachers in any action they might take in granting children opportunities of taking part in the competitions. Truant inspector McAlpine submitted a list of persons liable for prosecution for not complying with the compulsory clause of the Education Act. The list was approved of. LONG GULLY WESLEYAN CHRISTIAN EN- DEAVOR.-—The anniversary of the Long Gully Wesleyan Christian Endeavor Society was further celebrated last night by a public meet- ing and coffee social. There was a good atten- dance. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. R. Ditterich, Mr. Pascoe and others, and a pleasant evening was spent. Y.P.S.C.E.—Last evening what was descri- bed as " a special rally" was held in the Forest- street Wesleyan School-room in connection with the southern division of the Bendigo Dis- trict Union of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor. The Rev. J. H. Mackay presided. Apologies were received from the Revs. F. Neale and J. T. Kearns. In lieu of the latter gentleman, the Rev. Mr. Kerwood gave an appropriate address. Miss Faith Box, who has just come to Australia after a long ex- perience in China inland mission work, gave an interesting address of the manners and customs of the heathens, and the good work done by the missionaries. The choir rendered selections during the evening, Miss Barrass ably presiding at the organ. Afterwards a business meeting was held, when the following officers were elected for the southern group:— President, Mr. Colelough: vice-presidents Messrs. J. P. Dunstan and S. Bishop ; secre- tary, Miss Kidd ; treasurer, Mr. Symes. MR. HARRY RICKARDS' TIVOLI COMPANY.— On Saturday evening Mr. Harry Rickards will open a season of four nights in the Royal Prin- cess' Theatre with his new Tivoli Specialty Company. In addition to the many other at- tractions, is the remarkable performance of Mr. J. H. Chirgwin , who has been described as "The Musical White-eyed Kaffir." He is ranked amongst the foremost of London music hall performers, and since his appearance in Aus- tralia he has met with the highest encomiums from the most exacting critics. LARGE GRAPES.—In a recent issue we re- ferred to the fact that Messrs. Knight Bros. had forwarded to the Queen a box of splendid grapes, grown at their vineyard in this district. Yesterday we were informed by Mr. John Reid, of Quarry Hill, that he had measured one of the grapes on a bunch similar to those sent to her Majesty, and found it to be 1½ inches in length and 3 five eights inches in circumference. CITY POLICE COURT.—Messrs. R. B. Ander- son, T. H. Henderson, and C. Perry, J's.P. occupied the bench yesterday. Thomas Hogan and T. Scanlon, two young men, were charged by Constable Moncrieff with riding their bicycles on the footpath in Arnold-street, and were each fined five shillings. One person who had been under remand in the lunacy ward of the hospital was discharged as cured, while Emma Burmeister, the young woman who was taken into custody by Senior- constable Hayes at Long Gully on the previous day, was ordered to be sent to the Yarra Bend Asylum on the cer- tificates of Drs. Eadie and Atkinson. Several small debt cases were disposed of and the court adjourned. THE WINDSOR MAGAZINE.— From Mr. W. Hampton, of View Point, we have received the April number of this magazine. It contains chapters VII. to X1 of the second book of Hall Caine's interesting serial "The Christian," and the following excellent complete short tales " The Avalanche Bicycle and Tyre Company," by Arthur Morrison, " The Ghosts of Nether Talkington," by H. A. Hering, and " A Little Mistake," by C. D. Leslie, "John Bull's Balance Sheet," an article by J. H. Schooling, furnishes particularly interesting reading, and part 1. of "The League of the Aigrette'' by Percy Andreae is so exciting as to cause the conclusion to be anxiously awaited. There are many other very excellent articles and short sketches in the number, and the illustrations are as admirable and effective as usual. VICTORIA'S GOLD.—The yield of gold for the whole colony for last month, according to a return prepared by the Mines department, amounted to 71,436oz. 14dwt. The yield for the preceding month of the year was 160,78 oz. 16dwt., so that the yield for the four months is represented by 232,222oz. 10dwt. Victoria's yeild for the year 1896 exceeded 800,000oz. THE STREAKY BAY MYSTERY.—The Adelaide correspondent of the Argus reports that the inquest in connection with the death of Joseph. Marlo, whose body was recently found near Streaky Bay, was concluded on Tuesday. Beard was committed for trial on a charge of wilful murder. ALLEGED ATTEMPTED MURDER BY JEALOUS GIRL.—A girl named Tangee was brought before the Sale Police Court on Tuesday (writes the local correspondent of the Argus) and remanded, on a charge of attempted murder. It is alleged that she bought a revolver and 50 cartridges, and on Sunday night, whilst a young man named Todd was walking with his wife, went up and pointed the revolver at him. The revolver was hidden in a piece of dress stuff, and this is supposed to have prevented it from going off. Todd wrenched it from the girl's hand, and then gave information to the police. It is stated that Todd had promised to marry the accused, but last week he married another girl. Accused was allowed bail with two sureties of £50 each. £1 REWARD.—Mr. A. S. Bolton offers a re- ward of £1 for the recovery of a pocket book which he lost on the Woodstock road yester- day. The tickets contained therein have been cancelled, and the private memoranda is only valuable to himself. THE BUTLER CASE.—The .Sydney correspon- dent of the Argus writes :— As a preliminary to the trial of Butler, an application was made in the Banco Court on Tuesday morning, before the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stephen,and Mr. Justice Cohen, for a rule nisi calling upon Mr. Watkin Wynne, printer and publisher of the Daily Telegraph, to show cause why a writ of attachment should not be issued against hirn for contempt of court, by reason of matters pub- lished by him in connection with the applica- tion of Butler on 28th April. An affidavit on Butler was read, in which he stated that he was under committal on a charge of the murder of Arthur Thomas Osborne Preston and ??? Wellington Weller, and was awaiting his trial un- der such charges. He submitted that the remarks and statements and pictorial illustrations contained in the Daily Telegraph were cal- culated to interfere with the due course of justice, and were intended to prejudice the public against him at his trial. The Court Justice said that- the court had no power to deal with a matter of the kind unless the ??? complained of was after committal. Mr. Edmunds, on behalf of Butler, said he would file an affidavit to show such a case. The court having precluded publication of the extract from the newspaper read by Mr. Edmunds, granted a rule nisi, returnable on Thursday. Rules were also granted in connection with the paragraph against the proprietors of the Sydney Morning Herald, the Australian Star and the Evening News for offending in the same way. In regard to the two morning papers, a second rule was granted in reference to the paragraph published on 10th May. THE DROUGHT OF NEW SOUTH WALES.— The Sydney correspondent of the Argus says that an appalling story of the effects of the drought in the far west is told by Mr. T. Willis, M.L.A., who has just returned from an ex- tended visit to that part of the colony. He states that this drought, unlike its more re- cent predecessors, stretched almost everywhere throughout the colony. From Tilpa to ???- cannia the losses are enormous, dying and dead flocks marking the river bank for miles. The ground has been cleaned, as if swept of the leaves and bushes, and exhibited nothing but sand and dust. North of Narrabri and ??? the pastoralists are suffering immensely. The Paroo has had good luck, and at Bourke un- heard-of prices were being demanded and paid for grass. Stockowners were travelling ??? to Bourke from all quarters, but had little ??? of reaching there, owing to the dried-up condi- tion of the country intervening. Even if rain came now the death rate must increase, as the cold frosty nights would kill stock in their pre- sent weakened condition. CELYON TEA.—To those who wish a really good cup of tea we have much pleasure in commending the Bush blend of finest Ceylon tea, which Mr. Albert Bush has had ??? packed in 11b. net weight packets in Ceyon. His first shipment has just arrived, and a ??? trying it we can safely say it is really a good??? and cheap tea. SALE OF PRIZE POULTRY.—Messrs. James Andrew and Co. will hold a sale to-day at ??? p.m., at their rooms, of prize poultry, on ac- count of Mr. Manning, the famous local breeder. BEEBE anu MAYNE, monumental sculptors and general stonemasons, Mitchell-street (tram terminus), beg to inform the general public they supply monuments, etc., of the newest and best designs. All workmanship guaranteed the best. ADVT.] FINN'S MAGIC OINTMENT ) Manufactory FINN'S MAGtC OINTMENT ) Carpenter-St.. FINN'S LIVER PILLS ) Bendijo. FINN'S LIVER PILLS ) — (ADVT.) IF YOU WANT.—The Electric??? Fountain Pens with gold nibs, 6s 6d ??? in Rubber Stamps ; Account Books and General Stationery, visit M. J. E. Stapleton, 27, Arcade —-[ADVT.] Messrs. F. and E. Stilsell announce ??? quotations for lamps cooking stoves, ??? general cutlery and travelling trunks. 