FACTS ABOUT WEST1ULIA. • HOW IT STRIKES A STRANGER. u, T,' 7>„.i™. n. , ,, l "V 1 ' 0 £" et -— ° r ?— l J 1 —' 0 — - -"<»'»! Mining Stamford, the only technical journal devoted to affairs connected witb the mining uiiuiu^ industry uiunamj in 111 Anstralasia, nuDblalHDlllj has uas just returned from a three months ..l.a \\\T L. A I T~v : J, .'isit to West Australia. During this • period he visited the principal goldfields of the colony, inspected the leading mines, and devoted himself to close observation of his surroundings in all their phases. The following account of an interview will therefore be appreciated by those interested in its general subject, as embodying the sense of How it strikes a stranger." "And what, Mr. Parker, is the general opinion you have formed of Western Australia ?" " That it is destined to bo a great gold-producing country. I had the advantage, which some peoplo might consider a disadvantage, of seeing the country under its least fayorable conditions. I saw it while the exemptions were on, and during a period of severe depression ; but I did not go through it with my eyes shuf, or my ears stopped, nor did I see and hear on the 'gape and swallow system, and, as the net result, I am sure, in my own mind, tbat the West has a great future. The gold is there for the getting, though the getting may be none too easy, and the colony will justify more fully in tho future than in the past its claim to be called a gold country." «' Will not the want of water handi ca p its gold producing?" " It has handicapped it terribly. For instance, at Southern Cross, where there is water, one mine, Fraser's, pays a monthly dividend of 6>1 per share out of stone averaging 8dwt., whiie at Coolgardie, for want of water, stone going an ounce and a half, or even two ounces to the ton, could not, in some instances, be made to pay. Thi9, however, will be all straightened out by the Coolgardie water scheme, By this it is proposed to pump water from the Swan River to a reservoir on tho top of Mount Burgess, whence it can be distributed, by gravitation, through steel or iron pipes over the whole field embraced within the Coolgardie, Kalgoorlie and Menzies areas. It will cost between two and a half and three millions, and will supply 10,000,000 gallons daily, at a cost of 3s 6d per 1000 gallons. The designs for this scheme are at present under consideration of a commission of experts, consisting of Professor Unwin, Mr. Deakin, chief engineer to the Liverpool Corporation, Mr. Carruthers, the consulting engineer to the West Australian Government, and Mr. O'Connor. The chief questions to be discussed are the location of the pumping station, the height of the pipes, and their sizes and quality, and the manner in which they are to be joined. It is hoped tbat all these matters will be settled at an early date, and if such should be the case, tenders for the pipes, pumps, and machinery will be called f0P within the next three months The value of the pipes alone wUl £ about £1,500,000." „ l 1 L wl " UB " The Government means business, then ?" Yes, it does ; and to me its record seem^o'' S t e ' X <uw meant business. For T, . instance, a J s . s 1890 the colony had 400 miles of railway ; now it has 1400 miles. In 1890 it bad 8545 miles of telegraph; now it has S000 miles. It spent about £20,000 per annum on public works six years ago; last year the expenditure on public works was only about £25,000 short of a round million. In barbor works and jetties it has spent about £170,000, ahd is now preparing to spend £200,000 on a dock at Fremantle—QOOft. iu length, 60 to 80ft. broad, and 80 to 85ft. deep. It has spent £200,000 on goldfields water supply, and about £70,000 on hospital accommodation." " But how came it, then, tbat we beard so much about Westralian Government incapacity and indifference ?" " Because it was expected to workmiracles and the day of miracles has gone by. It was expected to meet the wants of of from 100,000 to 120,000 people, very restless, and mostly congregated at a long distance from the capital, with the service it had organised to suit the wants of 40,000 people, mostly congregated in and around Perth, Then every newcomer wanted to have all the conveniences he bad been accustomed to in bis own colony, and when be could not get them he sat up and howled at the Government for not having prepared for his reception." "But was the provision made to meet the inrush as promptly as miirht b have been ?" " Perhaps not; but that was because the Government did not propose to burn its fingers a second time. The outsiders rushed into Kimberlev, up North, in 1884, and when provision bad been made for them at some cost they melted away again. Possibly bir John Forrest did not wish to renew the experience." " He is not tbat sort, is he ?" " Not by a ship load; and ho is right. Yon see, the men who want so badly to be attended to, as soon as they 'call the waiter,' are just the men who can pack up and move on hen the location no longer suits hem; but the men whom they ex- pected to be so prompt in providing for their accommodation are those who would not only have to stop and face the music after the crowd had departed but would also have to pay the piper No wonder, therefore, if they preferred to go a little slow at first." one'' 1 " the population a migratory The population of the goldfields is a goldfields one ; that is to say, it consists of all sorts and conditions of men 111 the widest sense of the term from the scholar to thescaliwag, from the mining expert, descended in direct line from Ananias, aud who has been pretty well hustled out, to the share shark who might well claim kinship with tbo jmpenitent thief." ' But the working miners—wjiat are tbey like ?" " Good, capable, industrious men, lots of them, and lots of them of a different stamp ; men who call themselves miners, and make a great clamor if tbey do not get miners wages. There flocked to the Wost the "i"- 1 j \- LL- • the baker, the candlestick maker, and all and sundry the others who were out of a job, attracted by the high rate of wages paid, and all were, of course, capable miners—at least in their own estimation. Now these aro the sort of people who are making big noises about the exemptions, which, they say, have thrown them out of work." " Which, of course, involves the question of reformiug the leasing system. What is your opinion on tbat head ?" " That it is a very difficult problem. You see the Government cannot continue to impose labor conditions which shut the investor out of tbo field, checks enterprise, and paralyses development, nor can it consent to terms which would simply lock up the laud for speculative purposes. If it does the first, it will have on its hands a crowd of workers and no one to cmploy them, and if it were to do the second, it would have on its back every right thinking man in the colony. It will, therefore, have to steer a middle course, and by partly meeting the men with money, pro\ ide work for the men without, and at the same time secure the development of the country. Then good miners will be able to get good wages and as much as they can earn." " Then you have great confidence in the stability of the field ?" " Great confidence. Absolute confidence ; and herein I am guided more by opinions of men wboso capacity and reliability is beyond question, than by my own unaided observations. These gentlemen say that close investigation has given them the highest opinion of West Australia as a gold- producing country under properly-applied conditions. These conditions bave yet to be thrashed out, for it has already been proved tbat no experience gained elsewhere can be arbitrarily depended upon. The local character of gold- bearing formations varies very much in every colony, but it is pretty true to type in each separate colony, Wc6tralia alone excepted. Here the character and geological features of the gold-carrying formations differ in almost every district, and the methods of treatment most suitable in each case bave yet to be determined. On this hinges the rapid development of the fields, and it will certainly not be long deferred." " How about the existing depression ?" " It follows a perfectly natural and apparently inevitable course. Tbe same causes have always produced the same results, and the remedy just as certainly follows. When gold is first discovered in quantity a speculative boom sets in. There is a rush for investment. Everybydy wants to get on, and there are soon as many wild cats jumping about as there are ghosts in a church-yard, or pressmen in purgatory. Money is rushed in until people get tired of pouring water into a sieve, and when the returns are found to be incommensurate with the invested capital a slump ensues, and their follows a deathly depression. It was so in Victoria; it was so in New Zealand ; it was eo on tbe Band, and it is so in the West. But as the others pulled through when tbe wild cats were killed off, so will tbe West, and enjoy its time of solid, if more sober, prosperity." " What do you think of the relative merits of Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie as the head centre ?" " Ware hawk 1 Now we aro getting on really dangerous ground. You see I am going back directly,, and do not want to go cruising round either township with my bead under my arm. Still truth compels me to say that its position and surroundings decidedly give the coveted honor to Coolgardie. It has the advantage of being the first choice, and has therefore finer buildings and streets. It stands on a low hill witb a fall away in every direction, which makes drainage aud sanitation much easier than at Kalgoorlie. When a breeze blows Coolgardie gets the full benefit of it because of its hill-set situation. Its dust, though of a very superior description, has not the superfine double-milled penetrating quality of the Kalgoorlie article, and ou can manage to get to the bottom of it, and when you are below the surface you come an a solid ironstone foundation." " How about Kalgoorlie ?" " It's a very nice place, especially if you happen to be a big shareholder in half-a-dozen of its best mines, but it lies in a hollow, and is sunsmittcn most unmercifully. Take a saucer, turn it upside down, and there you have an idea of tbe topography of Coolgardie; set it right side up again and you have that of Kalgoorlie." " Dust bad, you say ?" "My dear sir, you can't beat it. Pompeii and the ashes of Vesuvius isn't in it with Kalgoorlie and its dust. It is not tbe common garden variety of dust, but patent back-action, nickleplated, copper-bottomed, double reversible and compensation-balance sort of dust, warranted unsurpassable and literally jewelled in 20 holes Then there is such a lot of it that you are reminded of the nigger's theory of the foundation of tho earth. Rock, "bat does that rock stand on» Another rock. And what does that stand on ? Another rock. And that» Oh ! let up. Its rock all the way J down." " Nice place for heavy rain ?" "Very, we should have the Broken llill incident over again, when a . fellow who ventured to let fly a kick at a bat he saw lying in Argent-street uncovered a head below it, which started swearing furiously at him; and when the other man suggested getting ropes and a bullock team to haul him out, the bogged individual answered, 'Oh, I m alright, I'm on horseback.' lhat s the sort of thing it will be." "And the mining show ?" "?' s S ink ' P erfum ed, and giltged. The stone is very rich, as the Boulder returns tell you ; there is rn immense body in view, and it looks like lasting. They are now down 300 feet, and if they sink 200 feet more and show that the stone lives down, the value of every interest on tho held would be trebled." "I suppose the style of living is b rovigh ? f'Not so rough as I expected from all the preliminary grumbling"l i,avc heard about tinned dog/etc,, but then 1 have done a spell in the South beas, and a man that can't get used to tinned tucker there is nowhere But, as presenting the other side of the picture, both Kalgoorlie and Cool- and admirably conducted clubs, giving you all the actual conveniences of a metropolitan Club bouse, though in less pretentious form, and the club men are right good follows, profuse in their hospitality, aud most cordial in their welcome. I owe more than thanks for courtesies received, than I shall ever be able to pay, so l mean to let the debt lie and accumulate at interest." "What are tho other industries apart from mining ?" . " Well, you soe, I was chiefly interested in the mining, and did not go into that; but there is the big timber industry, and there will be the Collio coalfield to include presently. That •will be a big thing for tlie colony, since it will save it from the cbanw of having its sea-borne supplies cut off, as was the Melbourne supply in 1890\. The coal formation has been proved to be extensive, and its quality good. There is the market right at, hand assured, and the Government are laying a railway line to the field. The entire area proclaimed as a coalfield has been taken up under lease by influential and wealthy syndicates. The principal representing several of these, is now in Sydney making arrangements forplant and machinery, and an English company is energetically making similar arrangements m London ; so that that the development of this important industry will be pushed forward rapidly and vigorously." "1 understand that you have sundry West Australian press enterprises under consideration ?" " That is so. It is my intention to issue two special numbers of The Australian Mining Stamlaril, containing a technical description of some of the principal mines in W.A. The surface plans and underground workings, indicating developments, trend of leef, etc., will be shown by illustration together with photographs of the property and machinery working, and in course of erection. One of the special numbers referred to will be devoted to Kalgoerlie. Coolgardie, and the castem fields, and the other to the Murchison and the central fields. I shall return shortly, and starting from Coolgardie, after visiting the mines in and about its vicinity, I intend to take Kalgoorlie, I.O.U., White Feather, Broad Arrow, Black Flag and other mining centres on the way to Menzies; then across country to Lawler's, Cue, and Mnrchison, ria Lake Way. Mr. Harry P. Woodward, who will accompany me on the trip, was until recently Westralian Government Geologist, a position he held for over eight years, previous to which be was for over three years assistant Government Geologist in South Australia. For the past twelve months Mr. Woodward has managed the West Australian business of Messrs. Bewick, Moreing, and Company, the mining and consulting engineers. Each property notice will occupy from one to two pages inclusive of plans and illustrations. This will be the first technical exposition of the W.A. goldfields published, and it is intended for circulation in England and the principal foreign centres. " Generally speaking, therefore, you are very favorably impressed with the West?" . j " I am, very decidedly, aud I think I was fortunato that 1 saw it when all the froth of the first ferment had subsided, so as to get a nearer and better view of what it really is. Aud has it ever struck you what it has been to the Eastern colonies? A godsend sir, a veritable godsend, which suggests the idea that tbero is a law of averages in the ordering of national, as in the happening of commercial affairs. It opened out j'ist when the other colonies were at the lowest point of depression, and provided work and wages for its unemployed thousands. It has preserved to Australia the population that must otherwise have drifted away. It has steadily fed thousands of families in New South Wales and Victoria, but especially in the latter, and is still feeding them, for the enormous Amount of money which is sent eastward every month through tbe postoffice order system, by far the greater portion—about two-thirds—comes to Melbourne. We, therefore, owe the West a big debt of gratitude, but some of have a queer way of showing it, I, however, have spoken as I believe, and am prepared to pin my faith to the accuracy of my conclusions." 