OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER III. A- NIGHT SF TERROR., 'The darkness of saddennightsettleddown .pon th doomed vessel and' the lesolate snore near whic-sh e lay., -- . SThe sea rose' higher and higher, great waves,like mountains, struck thbo ship, lift. ing her up, and dashing her heavily against he rocks. Withal', the long threatont g.tle "rame on, tenaing tliroough the black fog like 'nashlrieking demonland beating the poor .l1'endering Nautilus with. inch: merciless fury that she began to show. sure signs of going to pieces . Furaear in the 'black distance boare lihunders bellowed,and at intervals a red tflamne of lightning leaped ot,givingthe poor souls hultlled on.the deck a glimpse of the o.fiofl sit NiuthatLuwioted-them.: - t, Shrieks! and : wails 'bE'` lamentation rose -beire the clamor of ,the storm, and every minute some poor creature was dashed into tie sea. The captain, driven wild with ter 'rur, 'score'd the 'nly available boat, and .:wtth:bsoni bhalf a dozen men, desert'd the ship; bt.the boat was swamped almost in stantly,'hastcniug the fate tthe: occupants were o.i desero to escape. . SIn thene tof ' ll this'aful peril, while the Nautilus shuddered.oupdei him, and, the ,great. waves rushel ovpr, her, sweeping off doze?ns of poorls6iil" tountimely death.. An. drew Bruce made his way to that part. of "thie deck 'where the dead man'had lain await 'ine litrial;"" 'r' The bo.ly lay there still, sewn up in the hamnmock,anl thrown into a sheltered cor ner. where it escaped the full' force of wind nnd water. While seires of living men had bhe.en swallowed pn by'the sea this deadtman was spared.. •. Andrew Bruce saw the shrouded figure, by the flash of the lightning, and put forth.his foot and touchedeitt. Ilisiface, as he stool I there in.the stormy darkness, wore a strange lek-the look of, a man beset by some strong, temptations, to which he was not wholly willing to seonmb. - For five minutes, perhaps,ho hesitated, his face ashen white, his breath coming in labored gasps, then suddenly ihe fell on his knees beside the corpse of the man who had been his friend. "I may as well take them," hne muttered. , Where's the harm 1 And there's no telling what they are."' He drew a small knife from his pocket, and opere I tihe keen, slim' blade. Then, with a few rapids strokes, though hlie worked in utter darkness, he cuit on opening in the hanmmok much larger than was necessary for the purpose, for be rent it more than half its length. .. . With .eager hanids he groped for a few moments around the dead mani'sbosom. He fotind the miniature and the package of letters.,and drew them forth. The paekage was warm, so was the Ivory ease of the miniature. So also wson the bosom from which he had taken them, drenched as -it-was- by the-e _st-hi.he-tereor andi-brry, 5ndrew Bruce took no siote of"these strange factsi tie had the miniature and the letters in his own breast, looked about him with atartled glances, to he certain this robbery of the deal had not been witnessed, and then fled away to make an'effort to save his own life. : -The dead man lay where be left him ; the hammock cut away, his chest and his face both exposed. An awfully ghlnst ly face it was, as a sudden lightninig flame illuminated the deck for an instant,' a face very like unto death..' .Yet on' the right cheek there was a long gash, made by Bruce's careless and cruel knife, and from this wound a slender stream Sofred blood trickled.. ' " ' . Andrew BriOee,' hiing secured the papers -heocoveted, hurried forward just. as the 'nautilis parted amidships with a thundering noise. 'He haid seeired .a lifoepreserver, and then made his waay to that part of the wreck whichiwas;nearest thecoast. The'blaek waves were strewn with bits of timber, and floating chests, and boxes and to these dozens of eOorsolls'elung, striggling ,for life, be 'ling beatendown'evedy'mlonte bythe restless waves. ,'''. : . There.was small chance of escape; little hope of life, but Andrew Bruce was resolute to risk his; fate.'' He was a daring man, oid ui eixpert swimmer. ' Whilean effdrt re. mained to him he would not stand and wait \- for-death.--- -, . He.was on the.point of leaping off the wreck,'which was momentarily going to pieces, when a sht ill ery arrested his attention -on child's cry. He looked down, and the moon, wading through drifts of black, and throwing a fitful light upon the scene of horror, showed him a child just below him, clinging with both frail arms to the vessel's side, his poor, imploring little face looking up but a hand's breadth above the seething sea. The child was the son of the dead man lying on the deck beyond. Andrew Bruce recognised the boy at a glance, and with a thrill of surprise. He thought he had- gone to his doom long ago. Seeing him thus, however, his first impulse was to save him. lie could save him, and give him a chance for life. Sle actually made a movement toward the child, as another entreating cry reached his ears; but a sudden thought struck him, and he stood irresolute. "I I save him, he may come between me, and-and-what I hope for," he slowly mut tered. While he hesitated thus, a great wave dashed over the wreck and the child was swept away. With a frantic leap, Bruce gained the open sea beyond the wreck, and began to battle for his life. But his very face, as the pale moon-rays revealed it, was changed; for in that swift moment Andrew Bruce, hitherto a comparatively moral man, became a murderer". The rubicon of crime was passed; and henceforthl his course would lead dlownward. 'fThe opportunity had been given him to make his choice betIween right and wrong, and he had cosen the latter. A ceol'ess vorning followed that night of death and hqrror, and golden sunshine leamed i we l e pon the sullen sea and the drenche l shores strewn sith debris of the wreck an1 the ghastly fnee' of the drowneol. Searms of people flockel to the so -e from all qearters, some eager for plunder. others mere'y curious to see, and a few in telt on good ieorhoses. Among the utter were two or three peasant women from the pieighorhood of St. Hale. " Look, Clotilde I look l" cried one of thean a florid dame, speaking in her native tongue, " theres a little la, no bigter than your Aedre, all dead and drowned, poor little i'elonw." . . . . Lots of them went dlon last night, poor fellows. Here, mate, lene a hand here, will you? Let us take this chap over to the guard-housee; he has got a qdecr look some how for a deed man. I can tell a corpse by the look, and the feel, too. There's a se?rk o' lifesomewhere here, if I'm not much emi' taken." The men carried the body off toward the geeard- housee; weeile the women weeping and -chattering by turne,-tenderly-lifted-- tlhe boy andhurried away in the direction of St. Male. It is a month later, and Clotilde has re turned to her own cottage in the valley of ghe Loire. The seeimer is well over, and the lime. leaves are groewing yelloo, anai the ianeyardi ha?g laden with purple clusters Clotiele is looking for her husbacdeso re tire, lie has been abrood for over a year; bht his last letter which reached her months ago, told her to expect him before the winter set in. Accordingly, she has cut short heo visit to her eister, oear St. ,falo, arid has re. turned home to make ready for her husband's coming. She sits in the cottage pore .neos oaeany afternoon, watching her two children as they play beneath the limes. fhe p.l4ts them hoth her own, and loves them almost with an equal fondness-her son Andre, and the little storm-waif, the boy found on the coast on the morning after the wreck. They restored him to life, she and Rachel, and Clotilde has brought him home with Andre to her own cottage. "The dear little fellow," she thinkswatch. ing the two tihldren as they follow their hoops. lOh, I.do.hopo that Andrew won't mind my keeping him when he comes. I should so hate to part with himl" Even'w?h ilethise thomrughts fill her mind the vine-leaves rustle behind her. She looks up and utters a cry of joy. Her husband stands before her. !Oh, Aidraiv, hive you come at last ' She ales to'clas h'it neck, but 'tie pots forth his hanid and holds her off. "Don't be ai fool, Clutil le, 'h be says,coolly. "Yes. I've comel and Im thorough ly naed up. Brring 'e a glans of wine." As shat looks at him her eyes dilate with horrilfed wonder. ' ,,,.; ,; "What nile you n? What do you see that you stare at meso 2" he demanded with a brutal onath. . " She clasps her liends across her loudly throbbing heart. ' -.'. "You have changed so,' she .whispere,awe and terror in her. voice.. "Oh, Andrew, what has-e- cmeercr .ou tl A harsh' laugh escapes him, a laugh by no means pleasant to hear, i , "* Oh, a great deal-more than, I can tell you now," lie answers., No wonder you find me chariged; 'The whole world has changed for me. ' You' shall hear it all in good time.' But let me hive the wine now." She turns fron him like one in a dream. " What is the cause of his strange de. meanorl" she sailoqnisecs. "What hla changed him so fearfully 1" At this moment., the two children came running up, hand in hand, flushed and .rosy from their play. Andrew Irilruce turned round to great his own son, an,1 thus came face tofaco with the son of his dead friend. le whritened with craven terror, and his very knees shook under him as if a spectre had confronted him. ' SPeps, papa,p ' "cried Andre, running to his side, and catching his hand. But his father threw him off, without grieeting or caress, and stood st.aring' at the other child with'distendling eyes and gasping lips. ' - . " I saw him go down; I saw 'the waves sweep him off ; and here he is;" he vacantli muttered. ' ' " Olotilde returned with the wine; he 'e zed the glass and swallowed the contents at a dranght thait toy ! how camoe lie herel" he de. manded then,' pointtli towain Richmond. Poor6t Clotihlde trembled. Her English hus. band had never been over tender to her, and now there was somethinig is his face that filled her with terror. "Atndrew,pray do not be angry," shebegan,' clasping his arm with two beaseeching beands. ., But he threw her from him .ith an oath. ' . S"Answer me," he replied, his' surprise and terror giving place.to wrath; ." where did you get that boy" ' " There was a vessal lost off St. Malo a' month ago," Clotilde faltered--- " "And ihe was an her;" he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over.his face. "HIe drifted ashore. I might;bhave known. nio joan-sasveft imred -hiieo-him-hoe. Curse yon, lill have your life for it I" He seized her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Clotilde, unable to comprehend tihe secret of his wild rage, fancied that her bus. hband ba I gone mad, and shrieked aloud for help. lie clutched her throat'until her face be. came purple. "Andrew I Andrew I for Heaven'ssakedo not murder me I" she gasped. ' "I will send the boy away-" ' '"No I not no l" he- interposed, with ter. rible vehemence.," I'll murder him, I'll have his life I HIow dare he come back to stand between me and my good luck 1" Hle threw Clotilde from him with a force that dashubed hert to the floor of the porch,and rushed upon the affrighted child. "Course you I" he hissed between his set teeth. "'You shall die I" The lad shivered with terror, as the man's iron grip clutched him,,but he looked up with clear, brave eyes. " Whydo you want to murder me,Andrew Bruce?" he asked, simply. Yeou promised my father to take care of me, and take me to England." This si?ple question went to the guilty man's heart like a knife, and for one minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. " Yes, I promised him," he gasped, in hoarse accents. 'and called. God as my wit. ness." '. . tie staggered braek a paceor two-and-he k into a seat, covering his face with his hands, . "'Tis not too late now." he muttered. '!I mightdo it yet I" 'lotilde,who biy this time hadregainedhler feet, approached him, and laid her hand on his arm. Come Into the house, Andrew," she en. treated. You are not wellt you'll feel better when you have rested." ' ' ' tier voice recalled him to his senses, and nes momentary Irresolutin vanished. The evil within him was growing so strong, the good so weak. "I should have to give it all up," he mlt. tered. SirtGeoffrey Trevethon, baronet,with fifteen thousand a year I Think of th/at I waon't give it up." tie leaped to his feet with a hoarse cryand ruahed at the boy again. "He shall not live to thwart my plans,"he yelled. "lHe shall die i" He struck the ehildi a brutal blow full on the temple, a s'ngan eglywouind,and felling him to the floor, where hie lays bleeding and insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce soon silenced both with threats and oaths. Take him uip and carry him into the kit. chen," he commandted. " When it grows dark P'll throw him into the Loire." Clotilde obeyed without a word, shivering in every limb with mortal terror. She laid the child down on the lounge, covered his ghastly blood-stained face,and then crouched down herself with her son at her knees, watching her maniac husbandasshe deemed him, with affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. " You think me mad I" he oskel,divining ther thoughts. Well, I am mad-drunk with my owe good luck, Clotilte I There's nc need to tremble so; the fit is off now; it was the sight of that boy therethat brought it on ; but re lies quiet enough. lIe won't arise between me and my good fortunc arain I Sit still, Clotilite ;" I have my senses back now; I won't hurt you, my girl; I? awfully glad to see you; and I hase a w ndrous story to tell you. But get Andre snug in bed, ard fetch out some coll meao and a bottle of wine before I begin, that'so ,ood lass 1" Clo?tile arose to her feet. bit her limbo ceflusci to support her. "Run away to bed, Andre," se whispered, inging to the wintowosill for supiort, Run away, like mother's gae o boy." Her son, still in terror of his father, crept at casting a wistful glance at the couch 'cheer his unconscious playfellow lay. Then ihe wife turned her ghastly frce upon her unsbh l, "Andrew, for the love of Heaven, what is it 1 What has come over you 1" she faltered '.4rc you mad 1' \--It1aiugd again, that ugly, murderous augh. " think I nm," hoanswered, "and so will iou be when you hear what I have t, ell. Fetch out the meat anit wine, Cla tilde ; my good luck hasn't Impaired my ap. petite I" "Rut the child there l" she cried; "the roor little lad, he'll die if we.do nothing for Will be? So moch the bhtter.' The look in her husiaante eyel turned her :ck and faint. He uned to be a hanrtoomni ,n, tendir and gallant, when his hot tern. or was under contril, and she loved him tq .torationi but now she repoiled from him ij rnudderiug fear. " So much the better," he repeated. "As soon as it grows a little darker I shall throw him into the Loire." "But you will be a murderer," she shrieked out, and they'll hang you.' ; ?. "I shan't give them the chance," he an. swered, coolly. "I'll throw the boy Into the Loire to-night, and before the day breaks we shalil be on our way to England. Sit down, Clotilde, and hear my otory; there's no time to lose." The woman dropped into a scat from sheer exhaustion. " I am not over fond of such jobh,' leer husband continued, na he uncorked his wine, "but once in a while the end junetifics tlhe1 deed. You should not khnve savc"e tie i'ite from the wreck. Never meddllewith wsi?t' does not concern you. Clotilde, hbw.would. you like for your son to be.;abatonet-on baronet of Enogland, with/ au incumo of ditei tthousaid pounds per anniu I"' " •,' Ilou'ti call me;Andrew, ple?se,,". hoaren tinned, coolly. "I la hair,. chat-e,t dm'' name ii well as my fortunr. "e'Heefi,i?i .tuIai (eroffrey Trevetlhon, the late Sir (eie i'l,' Silly son and heir, andt t.-ni'orrdiv ['i to Englandlitoclaim my,,titini ild ceti-tsil. Poct, Clotilde, up nome nsouj--and tliat tliny yohtter; ,ihose lte yoie har' hb?een'?, 'enai,? i*' save, tiaha by wun?i. l coniiichr .wi enioee and between Andre after rme, and all this getd fertune. Just think of that', -k-he looked at him ' itlcwide-wli r Andrew. Andrew, you. a 'nrme, m ," h?' gasped.- "'?How could aill this'bie I '- '' " S'--No' matter; it will be, and thbit "sf.r Ices.." _ * .;I " Sir GeoffreyTrevethek l' 1Ihsut ?rhth haveyoje tIo his title Anid estates? I han?' heard you a?ny that-he never marr'ed yos'" mother,' iYou;rieaonlyan- ,. a 0t , - ' 1 . Utter it at.,yourperil "he cried, srng.' ingacsarom the rcoin adl "soiznuak- ber the. throat=.' "If yorioerer lliiis e lbtF/,.!ot 'a;-:a Jaou are ".lead werui I? Sir (cofly Treve than.d,.s ~et marry my :mother.; tShe was a poor actess, ann no aii L-tiu hbaronnet..io matter; his title arid his wi-ali't 9 a lie :e mine all"tte same.- -Wooman,.beware how you-' 1 ! "Hast,"gasped Clotilde, some one is cornm iog 1" : '" i 'e released her,naml regained Iris orit just as a peasant wtomanicame in?: ; . "' Why, whatails thee Clotilde ? she cried, shrilly ;" wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man but just returned?". "The poor girl is ill," answered Andrew, quickly, giving his wife a swift, warning glance.. ' .' I foundl her in bed when I rame home ;and the lad there is sick, too" heron tinnedl pointing to the loitnge. " Wlhat; Andre sick ?" asked the woman.' , ' Noi no;' theother 'lad; he's a. weakl? child andl I'm sorry, Clotilde picked? thun nu;:but she's loath to lart 'itht hiia; so we moust takehim with s on oor journey,?I oup pas ." .' , , ; , '"r :., COlotilde glanced at her husband in amazed awe. ' Not a muscle of her serene smiling' face mohed. ' . "What journey? TYon are not leafin " herel"'questioned the neighbor.:s "That's it," responded Andrew, pl-asantly. "We start for England in the morning.. My. business calls me, and Olotilde is too delicate to be left hehind."' ' The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman took her departure. Andrew accompanied her to the door, locked it after l her, and pocketed the key, He lifted the handker-' chief from the child's face as he cross'ed the loom. It was ghastly white, and to allap ,TstT.'ncs- lifel-o, - . " He is all right this time," he mutteed,. with fiendish content; then he turned to his wife. " Clotilde, get your crucifix,"' he com mended. "Tremblingly she' produced the 'ericlis and while he held a pistol to'her'hrow;t'::: forced her to swear that she would aneverbew tray him. h a "Remember," he added, "Iam xourlu? band no longer; neither is Andre your'ui l o I am Geoffrey Trevethon; my son is called Richmond, and you are his nurse and cam. 'I panion. Swear also to this '" , , '" She looked up into his merciless face witl' imploringeyes., '" - " '"Oh, Andrew, I cannot. siwearto this. Would you.cast me of'iforever? Think of the past, and how we havui loved each d other." - "Old things hlave pa-s :d away, all things have become new. ; Aol--tiea ve-lrotw?eae ns, no need to meddle with that; you can be my wife all the same, only the world must," not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevethon'' banished son and h ir, an? my wife died abroad. Do you comprehend?: Of. corsero you do; and if you area good girl, Clotile, and love me at all, you'll be willing to help, me to bringthis about.". : "But I am n?t willing," she replied.." It is all a wicked lie. Your wife did not die abroad; and if Siir Geoffrey Trevethonzwas? your father-Yotrare-only-imiirgitimate san Crack I went the revolver; the flash blind. ing her, scorching her very face, the, bullet whistling within an inch of her head.. The poor creature uttered a wild sbriek. 'i HIer husband caught her by the'shodlder??1 and shook her till she was breathless. - c?- ` "Silence I' he thundered. "I missed youn. this time, bet my aim will be sure next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my bidding, arid go with me and your child to-morrow, or will youe die like a dog, here at my feet ? As sure as there is a heaven above us, [ mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me in the work. I have in hand. Come, now, you can have your choice I I would sooner take you along, and I'll do well by you. What do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed 1" T.e kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward the window. The night had fallen dark and rainy, there was no help within hearing of the lonely cottl.e. She looked up at her husband's face which mocked her with fiend. ish cruelty. "One I two-" " Oh, Heaven pity me.? Yes, I will swear." The pistol was lowered from her head., "That's a sensible girl now," commented her husband. "I'll take you along, and you shall share my good fortune ;and you'll lead a jolly life Clotilde. Even if I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pos-e session of my title and estates, I will pro. vide for you handsomely; and 1'll not for. snke you either, for in spite of all this, Irm fond of you, Clotilde. And youe will haoe the satisfaction, too, qf seeing your son the heir to a baronetcy; for [shalt make the lad ir heireand successor." She leaned her head upon her clasped handk, and made no movement or answer. " Well, now," he went ;mn. One thing more, and we are done. You must swear never to leave me. You are to stick to me emn, my fortunes. Come-sweqr," The cold steel touched her throbbing head azain. It wa0 a hart oath to take-to stick to this man aund his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime. and yet not even he his wife. But she did not hesitate ; after that other oath, by which she surrounded both wife-hod and motherhood, nothing could morhe her, " Yes, I swear," she answered, quietly. tie returned the pistol to his breast, and huitoned up his coat, Clotilde looked at him, as she still knelt, wondering vaguely if he could be the man who wooed and won her girlish love? lie had changed terribly in the brief time since he had surrendered his soul to the power of sal, But his voice brought her tober feet. "'Come, come-look alive. There is no time to lose. You-:night ~pcop our best~hings, and have the bhy all ready, and I will call upon Larcom, and instruct him as to whatdiso position to make of what we leave behind us, But this job must he done first." (ro no cnirteso.) •ne report of the directors of the Man che~ler Ship Cano leo tth hll}-year eded Eel,~ Jee t]i-t .ctatri that the reeeil?t aomitaied to Lt3,0l;, aihd the expiii liture t, 156.00S, leaving a bhlance of L.'2d. German suijeets are vaccinated in the early I iiitih, a life' ogain ouolatoiiiii the ace if low-lve, andl oll amis~s o third tinme on entering I.i.ii thiri teem,,, itcompulsory Orrv te itt them -h•ioy. V'aeeinationi is atoays diiai weith melt .yul h I , ne o, r frm ar to rar Ill tense joeitloes oee -tald to he onk Terla-U I.-t-hir, cml rci-taiiee to it, bek-g tereftetly'la , ,:,i s il. ie inere t iO'i ~It~~i ubh~b-t}ae--P opriEtorej- K tliefrýYUi7Ib I~t 17O Queonaborry-stroet, North Mvelbgarue. TEL1WHOFIE 1191, 