TWO OLD FOGIES A Short Story by the Australian Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement with Vessrs. Ward, Loch Go., Ltd. [all rights reserves.] CHAPTER III. And the old man and the old maid had no luck at all. On Prince of AVales’ birth day it simply rained in torrents from morning till night, without stopping once. The flag on the church tower clung like a wet dish-cloth to the staff, from the time it was run up at what should have been sunriBe—until it was taken down at dusk. And at dusk the town crier went round with hiB bell, and announced that the dis play of fireworks was postponed to a future date. It would have been something to have a little tea-party at the parsonage, without the fireworks and the tower. But it was too wet even for that. The old man was depressed and dyspeptic, and the old maid went to bed at nine o’clock and cried herself to sleep, though such old fogies were certainly old enough to have known better. But at last it all came right. The town was not to be defrauded of its holiday, and Tuesday, the 15th, was appointed, by advertisement in th ■ local papers, as the day when shops would close, sports be celebrated in the public park, fireworks let off and torchlight procession take place, all as they would have done on the 9th had weather been favourable. And Tuesday was just as perfect a day for the purpose aB the previous Wednesday had been the reverse. Mr Paine Bent a note to aunt before he had his breakfast. “ Bear Miss Ransome,— “ Will you and your young people give ua the pleasure of your company to tea to night ? The weather does seem settled at last, and it will be pleasant on the church tower, if you think you can manage the ascent. I am told the fireworks are to be very fine. With our united kindest re gards, “ Yours very sincerely, “William Paine.” Aunt hastened to return an answer—by Eve as she went to school. “ Dear Mp.. Paine,— “ Thank you very much for your kind invitation. Tell dear Anna that we shall be delighted to come. We are quite look ing forward to our little excursion up the tower, especially in such beautiful weather. 1 shall be able to get up quite well, I am sure. I have always been fond of fire works, and it will be so nice to see rockets go up without cricking one’s neck. “ Believe me, dear Mr Paine, most truly “ Elizabeth Ransome.” The recipient of this note spread it on the breakfast-table beside his plate of egg and bacon, and read it again and again, as if it were some eh«ice bit of literature. “ flow would it be,” he suggested diffi dently, “ to ask one of Eve’s schoolgirl friends ? She is so much younger than the rest of us. She might be dull without a companion of her own age to talk to.” •' A good idea,” said Anna, graciously. " 1 will do bo. Then,” she thought, “ there will be Bix of us. Father looking after aunt, and Eve having another child to keep her company, Alan and I will have a chance to talk over our affairs. And the Table will be balanced properly.” She set the table with her own hands at , half-past five. There was a nice cold fowl, ! and a tongue, and a veal pie, and delicious cakes that she had made herself, and a salad, and a dish of strawberries, with cream. She was a sparing housekeeper, as a rule, so that Mr Paine, when he came out of his room from dressing, was surprised to see so handsome a repast, and his plea sure equalled his surprise. Aunt had not had a meal in the honse for years, and he had been anxious lest Anna should think less of aunt’s entertainment than of the keeping qualities of food in warm weather. It was quite warm weather—full summer —now, and aunt came at six o’clock, in the prettiest new erepon gown, grey, with a puffy vest of white silk, that gave quite a style to her little figure. She had iron grey hair, which had once been black, and her thin, small face was ivory-white; but her eyes were dark and brilliant still, with something of the expression of Toby’s— very Bweet and earnest, if you took the trouble to notice them. Her hair was drawn plainly back into a knot of braids behind, as an old woman’s hair should be; but she had pinned a red rose into the lace at her neck, which was an anachronism, a false note, to Anna’s mind. “ I think, Miss Ransome,” said that prudont young lady, “ you would have been better advised to put ou an old gown to-night. The tower is a dusty, cobwebby place, and you will spoil that pretty new “ Oh, no,” said aunt, carelessly, patting her hair before the glass in the spare bed room. “ It won’t hurt.” “ You had better let me lend you an old one of mine.” Aunt would not hear of such a thing. She waB like poor father, who thought nothing of tearing a good cassock on a nail. They went into the drawing-room, which was profusely docked with roses, and al most immediately into the dining-room, which was similarly adorned, several vases ■of them standing about in the interstices of the well-filled table. Alan, with a bud in his button-hole, sat by his hostess, and aunt at Mr Paine’s right hand. The two old folks beamed as they settled themselves in their chairs and opened their napkins, but the four young ones were too occupied with their own interests to notice it. Tho French windows stood wide to tho ex quisite light and air, and on the verandah Toby lay at full length on his stomach, with his nose between bis paws, keeping an eye cocked upward in the direction of aunt’s face, flow and then she threw him a confidential smile, which set his fringed tail thumping vigorously. “You are not eating,” remarked the host, breaking off a little story of a quarrel in the choir—aunt was so sympathetic and understanding about these things to noto the condition of her liver wing. “ Oh, 1 am getting on beautifully ! It is a delicious fowl—I am enjoying it so much,” she assured him ; and urged him on with his absorbing narrative. But the fact was she had the very least sore throat, which somehow seemed to have taken away her appetite. No one, of course, was allowed to suspeot this. , , ., , “ And ho 1 went to the girl, and told her I was sure Miss Lomax had not intended to insult her, and begged her to take the solo, since there was no one else able to .Bing it j and 1 bad a talk with Miss Lomax ■to try and persuade her to explain. But they would neither of them listen to me. Each Baid she would never come into the .choir again while the other belonged to it. .So they are both staying away—which means that we have not a reliable soprano ; at all. The others will not open their mouths without someone to lead them, and Anna cannot do everything.” “ It is too bad,” said aunt warmly, "that you should be worried with those petty squabbles, when you have so much else, so many more important things to think of. It is a pity I am not a young girl, with a good treble voice.” “ Yes—no, no, I don’t mean yes. It would be a pity if you were anything but just what you are. Do let me take your plate and give you some pie. Some straw berries, then ? Anna, Miss Ransoma’s cup is empty.” " I beg your pardon, Miss Ransome,” said Anna, with a start. She was forget ting her duties for the moment in a semi private discussion with Alan on the great subject of individual responsibility. The pair of schoolgirls were chattering across the table about the affairs of their school, their approaching examinations, the holi days, the matric., and so on. It was a most successful tea-party. After tea, it being still broad daylight, the children sat down to a game of tiddledly-winks, to pass the time until it was dark enough for the fireworks. Tiddledy-winks looks a silly game to those who do not play it, but to those who do it becomes strangely fascinating ; so that even after the lamps were lighted it was difficult to make these players leave off. Anna took Alan for a stroll round the garden, but before she did so gave proper heed to the question of what was to be done for aunt. “ I think, father,” she said, “ that Bliss Ransome ought not to go up the tower in the dark, for the first time. If you were to take her now, while it is still daylight, and make her go gently and take plenty of time, she would not be nearly so nervous. A1—Mr Ransome would see after us.” “ That is a good idea,” cried Mr Paine. " Come, Miss Ransome, we will lead the expedition. What wraps have you ?” Aunt's little mantle was fetched, and declared to be inadequate. Blr Paine in sisted on an old furred jacket and woollen hood, provided by his daughter. “ It will be chilly up there, though it is so mild now,” he said, “ and you must be careful of that delicate chest. Put on all the warmth you can carry, Miss Ransome. Be on the safe side.” “ Perhaps I had better,” she said, sub mitting meekly to Anna’s resolute hands. “ I seem to have just a little touch of cold hanging about me from the damp weather.” “ If 1 had known that,” said Alau menac ingly, “I wouldn’t have allowed you to come. I’vo a great mind to forbid your going up.” “ Dear boy, it is nothing,” she answered in a panic, and hastened out before he could say more. Alan was going to be a doctor, and was beginning to practise on his aunt. She thought it so sweet of him to take such care of her, and to give her pills and potions when she was not well; but to night she preferred to be taken care cf by Blr Paine. Luckily, Alan desired her room at that moment, and not her com pany ; so he let her go. Happiness is not the prerogative of youth, whatever the young may think. Those two old fogies, left to their own devices for three-quarters of an hour, were perhaps as happy as they Lad ever been in their lives. When they had shut them selves into the vestry, and shut out the dutiful children who loved to keepi them in order, they felt young themselves ; and, though they treated each other with a delicate respect that is somewhat out of date, the same light was in their eyes, the same glow in their hearts, as had been kindled in those of the girl and boy now walking round the garden. “ This is my new chalice-veil,” said the parson eagerly, “ that 1 got out from London last mail. 1 have been wanting to show it to you. Is not the work perfect ? And here’s the illustrated catalogue—I want you to tell me which of these altar cloths you like best. I must manage some- ' how to get a new one before next Easter, and I have such faith in your taste; I am i always wishing for you to consult with and ' decide for me. Ah, it is too dark to see properly ! Put it in your pocket and look at it when you are by yourself at home.” : This was the sort of thing they talked about. Trumpery, doubtless, to people who are not old fogies, but heart-satisfy ing to them. 1 The dusk was gathering fast when they i passed down the church to the front porch ! and the ladders, and Mr Paine began to be I anxious about aunt’s nerves, and she < anxious to show him how intrepid (under certain circumstances) she could ‘ be. He reproached himself for not having rigged up certain appliances to i make the ascent easier, and she skipped i up the trembling rungs while he was ] talking about it, so that his heard came 1 into his mouth. Anna would have been scandalised to see an old lady so conducting 1 herself had she been there. They reached the top safely, but slowly, i The rapid twilight had become night by 1 the time they emerged upon the roof, and < when aunt was led to the battlement para- i pet to look out upon the view- for the first 1 time, she cried, “ Oh—h—h—h ! ” in rapture. f It was indeed a beautiful picture, well i worth the waiting for. There was no rain 1 or mist to spoil it now. The sky was clear '< of cloud, full of its own deep Australian night color, and thick with stars. Like ' waves along the horizon rolled the forest covered ranges, all distinct in the trans- ! parent air; shadows of velvet, with here < and there a house-light, like a diamond ' twinkling out of them. The town beneath 1 lay suffused in Rembrandtish glows from lamps, seen and unseen, and red torches ' beginning to flare under the new- leafed English trees. The atmosphere was pure 1 and fine to an intoxicating degree, for no 1 factory chimney, no coal smoke.no mud, i no dust, no anything that was unclean, defiled it; it was the atmosphere of the ' hills and of an early summer night washed i in plenteous spring rains and perfumed with the wholesome breath of gum trees and flowers. In short, perfect. Aunt sighed a long sigh once or twice in ! silence. When she spoke there were tears in her voice. “ This makes one feel,” she said—and stopped, unable to express herself. “ Yes,” S3id her companion, softly. ****** The torches were all lit, and glowed i redly down the street like an invisible house burning. Out of the glare the 1 clock-tswer of the post-office rose, pallid and unsubstantial, into the upper dark ness, like something in a lime-lighted . transformation scene. Little foreshortened , figures, mere ants upon the ground, were moving hither and thither—members of the fire-brigade, in their smart uniforms, ; arranging the torchlight procession. “I must call the children,” said Mr ; He went to the trap-door and listened; then he went to the parapet overlooking his own house and grounds, and signalled with a gentle “ cooeo ” over the tree-tops. Presently the young ones, heralded by the lantern, which was extinguished as sooa as possible, came scrambling up, laughing and calling to one another ; and as the last one—Eve—put her head out of the hole, whisk—sh—sh—the first rocket shot into the sky, burst with a little hollow noise like a bursting pea-pod, and rained down its enchanting stars. Those rockets,” said Eve to her com panion, “ cost five shillings apiece." “ I think it a wicked waste of money,’ said Anna. . , "In these bad times, too, said Alan, sympathetically. But aunt whispered to the grey man beside her, that she simply loved to look at them; and he said, so did he. The procession was formed, and began its march round the streets, to the stirring music of the town band. They could not see it for a long time, but saw where it was by the illumination of the trees above it as it passed. Every now and then it emitted a spray of little rockets, that died upongthe roofs and roads, and, like great chorda in a merry tune, another and another of thoso soaring big ones, which would have beckoned the souls of spectators like aunt to the infinities they seemed to pierce if Eve had not persisted in stating how much they cost. At last it came flaring and clanging into the street beside the church, along by the tree-walled church garden, and round the corner, and past the gate; and just in front of the tower it halted, spread, re-formed, and lit itself up in the most amazing blood-red flame—a wizard light, celestial or infernal, anything but earthly, transfiguring the world, “ just as if Biela’s comet had run into us,” Eve Eansome said. The grey-white granite of the tower wall blushed crimson as a rose, and the faces on the top of it were the faces of angels or ghosts. The church ! trees glittered, leaf by leaf, like the jewelled ' trees of fairyland. “ I would not,” said aunt, in a low tone of rapture, “have missed this for any thing I ” “ 1 am so glad,” said Mr Paine, earnestly, “ so devotedly glad that it iB a fine night. I did so want you to enjoy it.” Then the red light died out, and the cool, clear, blue darkness came back, with all the quiet hills lying out in it. The procession marched back into the town, with its Liliputian rabble after it, and worked its magic in other streets. Pour more great rockets—another pound, as somebody remarked—leaped, hissing, into the empyrean, and dropped each its hand ful of colored stars in space. Then all was still, the church tower was left alone, and the night suddenly began to feel cold. “ It’s over,” said Eve, jumping up from where she lay on the flat of her back along the sloping leads. “ Polly, let’s go down and have another game of tiddledy-winks.” 