CONSECRATION OF THE COADJUTOR BISHOP OF IMTIffl). ? An event of great importance to the Roman Catholic community, and of special interest to the general public, 'was the consecration at St. John's Cathedral yesterday of the Right Rev. Dr. Patrick Vincent Dwyer as Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland. Tho elevation of Dr. Dwvnr to enisnonal rank aud dignity has for several months been looked forward to with more than ordinary interest, not only in Maitland but throughout the colony, for in the first place it is not every day that a Bishop is consecrated, and in the second plaec an Australian- horn priest or minister of any Christian denomination has never before been raised to tlie episcopacy in Australia, so that the occasion was also unique in the history of tlie colonies. .It wis no surprise, therefore, to find the ' solemn and impressive ceremony '-witnessed by an overflowing congregation, comprised of ' most of the leading Roman Catholics and a great many non- Catholics of the district, as well as a goodly number of visitors from Sydney and other large centres. Every parish in the diocese of Maitland was represented by its priest or priests and by delegates composed of leading Catholic lay men, the former being accommodated with sittings in the body of the church and the fatter, in tho gallery. It was the greatest gathering of prelates, priests, 1 and peoplo ever seen within the sancti fied walls of the Cathedral, and public concern as well as religious sentiment was strongly sustained throughout with the im pressivencss and solemnity of tho sacrcd and symbolical ceremonies, the deepest interest being manifested in tho proceedings from the moment the Bishop-elect was presented to the consecrating Cardinal until the close, when tlie blessing of tlie Bishop was pronounced upon the congregation. The day selected for the consecration could not have been more appropriate. It was Pentecost Sunday, that day of joy to the world when tlie Holy Ghost descended upon the Apostles in tho shape of tongues of fire, ' filling them with the Holy Ghost, and making them speak with divers tongues.' And the laying-on of liands, the anointing with chrism, the binding of the head and hands of tlie Bishop-elect, the presentation of tho pastoral staff and episcopal ring, were particular parts of the ceremony, each having its .own peculiar significance in regard to this Divine miracle, which was a ratification of the high commission Christ conferred upon his disciples ten days previously, when He commanded them to ' go and teach all nations.' The Cathedral looked particularly fresh and bright. A subdued and silvery light streamed in through the new window above the sanctuary, giving additional lustre to a scene of magnificent splendour, which made an in delible impression upon the minds of all present. At one time when tho sun momen tarily burst forth from the clouds, and sent its golden radiance through the Cathedral windows, the scene upon the high altar was grand in the extreme. The sanctuary was tastefully decorated by the ladies of the Altai Society under direction of Misses Mabery and Teresa Macnamava. The high altar on either side was hung ? with rich crimson and white draperies, the altar beautified by fresh flowers and lighted candles, and the pulpit and small altar arranged on the epistle side of the sanctuary were also adorned in a chaste manner, harmonising one with the other. A painting of the Blessed Virgin was placed in the centre of the pulpit draperies. The Cardinal's throne was decorated with a cross of white flowers, and floral ornamentations representative of Faith, Hope, and Charity (the handiwork of Miss Annie Ternes), were otherwise used with marked effect over the niches and doorway of the sanctuary. The. Beating of the large congregation was ex cellently arranged' by the . Cathedral Com mittee, not a pew being overcrowded, but there was scarcely a foot of standing room either in or under the gallery. The relatives of the Bishop-elect were provided with seats immediately in front of the high altar. These comprised Mr. William Dwyer, the. young bishop's father, Mr. and Mrs. William E. Dwyer, and Miss Canice Dwyer, of Goulburn ; Mr. John Dwyer, Sydney ; Mr. Denis Dwyer and Miss Minnie Dwyer, of Cowra; Miss Holly Dwyer, Sydney ; Mi-. T. Dwyer, Inspector of Schools, Mrs. Dwyer, W. P. Dwyer, P. L. Dwyer, Molly Dwyer and Kath leen Dwyer, of East Maitland ; Mrs. Ready, Crookwcll, aunt of the new bishop; Misses Teresa and Josephine Fallon, Messrs. James Fallon and William Aloysius Fallon, of Ash field. Among other lay visitors we noticed ilie Mayor of West Maitland (Mr. Henry Crothers) ; Mr. J. Gillies, M.P., West Mait land; Frank Clarke, M.P. for the Macleay, fellow student with the Coadjutor ; John Meagher, Bathurst ; E. O'Farrell, J. Blacke ney, W. Cantwell, John Ready, Sydney ; J. V. Casey, Orange ; Captain and Mrs. O'Sulli van, Sydney'; Dr. Kash, Wallsend: and P. W. Crowe, J.P., of Queensland, a class fellow ?with the Bishop-elect at St. Stanislaus Col lege, Bathurst. The mass of consecration was celebrated by the Cardinal and Bishop-elect. The former ?was attended by his chaplains the Venerable Arch-priest Sheeliy, of Sydney, and the Rev. John Byrne, of Wollongong. The Bishop elect's chaplains were his brother Father Joseph Dwyer, and Father W. E. O'Reilly, of Merriwa. Tho Very Rev. Father Corcoran, of Morpeth, acted as chaplain to Dr. Murray, ?who was the first assistant consecrator, and the Very Rev. James Byrne, C.M., of Bathurst, was chaplain to Dr. Bvrne, second assistant consecrator. Father M.' F. Auliffe, B'.A., was master of ceremonies. 'Tlie visiting clergy were : Very Revs. A. Horan, Ipswich, Q;, P. D. Ryan, Tamworth, Father Long, Lewisham, Father McNamara, Kogarah; Revs. J. Byrne, Wollongong (Cardinal chap iam), J. Dwyer, Gundagai; Very Rev. Father Donovan, Adm., Goulburn ; Rev. G. Robin son, Melbourne; Vcn. Arch-preist Sheeliy, bydney; the Hon. and Very Rev. W. Plun kett, C.SS.R., Waratah ; Very Rev. T. vJ Farrell, C.SS.R., Ballarat ; Very Rev. father Kennedy, O.S.F., Waverley ; Very i«3v. Vincent Grogan, C.P., Marrickville; ery Rey. J. Ryan, S.J., Riverview; Very t£Vi' n cPj1'110' C-Ml- Bathuist; Rev. John ® - Y-o-l'., Quirindi. The Diocesan Clergy w&re; presented by: Very Revs. P. Hand, ivr ' ^em Maitlimd, P. T. Corcoran, P.P., if ?^ca-'oni P.P., Raymond Ter ra.ee, P. Meagher, P.P., Singleton ; Revs. P. T?™ 6ai?^ -^it-land, Thos. Rogers, W r m' M°Aaliffe, Sacred Heart Col wfw' « °la,icy- Burwood, F. O'Gorman, tfewcaBtle, J. O'Donohoe, Hamilton, W. E. n'.n°Tiy' CeriTwa- J- F1ynn, Lambton, J. V itaiJly Murrurundi, P. Flanagan, GTesford, P.J. Roche, Muswellbrook, J. C. Meagher, Dungog, J. Foley, Taree, E. J. Gleeson, P . C. McCormnck. M. F. McAuIiffe, Cathedral, M. Kicrnan, East Maitland. At the conclusion of tho eloquent sermon preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Higgens, who unfortunately was suffering from a severe cold, the new Coadjutor Bishop stood in the centre of the altar rails, and most of those present at the interesting ceremony of conse cration congratulated him, kissed his ring, and received his blessing, the choir having in tho meantime rendered the ' Hallelujah chorus,' Among many telegrams of congratulation received by Dr. Dwyer yesterday wero two deserving of special mention — On« from tho Irish College, Rome, in which the Rector and students in the Irish College and the Australian students in Progaganda joined in expressing their joy at the consecration of the first Australian-born Bishop ; and another from Ireland from Clonliffe College, Dublin, conveying the congratulations of tho Rector, Vice-Rector, and professors and students of tho College. Clonliffe College, Dublin, and the Irish College, Rome, were the two ecclesi astical colleges in which the Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer load his theological course. The appointment of a Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland was made in accordance with a wish expressed to the Holy See by his Lordship Dr. Murray in the year 1895. In a pastoral issued at the close of that year tho venerable Bishop thus addressed his faithful people : — ' I avail myself of this opportunity to inform you that a few months ago I forwarded a letter to the Cardinal Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of the Propaganda, requesting that the Holy Father would allow me the privilege of securing the services of a coad jutor cum jure suceessionis. I am very happy to announce that the Holy Father has been pleased to accede to my request, and in a few days a meeting of the clergy who enjoy the privilege of recommending three names for presentation to the Holy See will be held in St. John's Cathedral under the presidency of his Eminence tlie Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney.' The meeting alluded to was held on the 9th January, 189G, and the names chosen by ballot were : The Very Rev. Father Dwyer (President of the Sacred Heart Col lege), the Very Rev. Father Hand, V.G., Very Rev. Father Nealon (Raymond Ter ra'ce), the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien (Rector of St. John's College, Sydney), and Dr. McDonald (Maynootli College, Ireland). Subsequently the election of Father Dwyer was approved by the Cardinal Archbishop .and Bishops of the Province, and finally ratified by the Holy See. The documents appointing Father Dwyer Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland were received by the Cardinal from Rome in the beginning of April Inst. They were dated the 30th January, 1897. According to the theory of government adhered to by the Roman Catholic Church, for each diocese there can be but one Bishop duly appointed, while at the same time every Bishop consecrated must have a diocese given him to govern. When appointing a Coadjutor Bishop, therefore, to assist a prelate whose failing powers necessitate such help, the difficulty is overcome by giving the Bishop selected for this purpose ono or other of the ancient sees in Asia Minor, or some other old time domaiif of the early church, but from which the Christian population has long since vanished. Having been appointed to this charge, which, though a sinecure, gives him the same status in the hierarchy in regard to the performance of episcopal functions as the most exalted prelate, it is then permitted by the authorities of the church that he should give his assistance to tho prelate on whose account he was called to the episcopate. These prelates are of two classes, the first and most important being those appointed as Coadjutor Bishops with the right of succession to the see in which they are assisting on the demise of the reigning prelate. The other class are only recognised as auxiliary bishops, the right of succession to the see being left an open question. Of the first class Dr. Dwyer is now a member. In order to comply with the ecclesiastical law he has been appointed ' Bishop of Zoara, an ancient See in Palestine, near the borders of tlie Dead Sea, the glories of which have long since passed away, but the history of which is still carefully preserved in ! the archives of Rome. 