ANGLICAN ORDERS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I have read the address of the Anglican Bishop with great astonishment, and cannot refrain from contradicting a few of the false statements it contains, though I feel sure that his lordship made them in good faith. The first part of the address is taken up with protestations against the Pope. Tain is as it should be, as protestation is the essential function of a, Protestant bishop. Dr. Banner blows hot and cold; at one moment repudiating acts which he supposes the Church to have committed in the past, the next claiming continuity with that Church, lie seems to Hud pleasure in the indefiniteness of Anglican teaching; if so, he has ample eoope for congratulation. Compromise is the keynote of the Anglican Church, and the con tradictor; doctrines held by her bishops make it impossible for her to speak out even when so vital a question as the sanctity of marriage is at state. Dr. Banner says:— "The concession of the validity of Angli can orders would have necessitated logi cally the abandonment of the diocesan machinery introduced into England by Car dinal Wiseman. This is utterly absurd and untrue; valid orders would in no way have affected the heretical and Echiamatical position of the Anglican Church, and in no way have affected the position of the Catholic hierarchy in England. Nearly all the ancient heretical bodies possessed valid orders, yet St. Augustine writing of one of them says, "Outside the' Church scbUmatics can have everything ex cept salvation; they can have honor, they, can have the sacrament, they can believe the gospel, they can both have and preach the faith, bat nowhere except in the Catholic Church can they havesalvatjon." The eiu oi the Douatiats, of whom lie wiote, con sisted in a refusal to obey the voioe of the Pope. The attitude of the Church is now the same as it was then, and had Anglicans valid orders they would still in their corporal capa city be outside the Church, and have neither mission nor jurisdiction. Dr. Banner speaks of the words "receive ye the Holy Ghost" as ourLord'sown formula," but these words were used by our Lord to men who were already priests; they never found their way into any ordination form of the Church at all for twelve hundred years, and when at last they ward in troduced in the twelfth century they were placed at the very end of the service—not only after the ordination was complete, but after: the priests ordained had actually been allowed to say mass by oon- celebration with the bishop. Obviously then wodsi cannot be the "Form" of OrdWB. Dr. Banner say* it is because the word* -for the work of a bishop or priest" wate tempo rarfly omitted (i.e., fora hundred years) t£at the Church condemns Anglican orders. ,. I would like to point out that the Catbolio Church does not contend that mfp*"?n by name of the order is required, but thai determination of the., older is neces sary by words that plainly rrtrtinatn - it. The Pope does not deny to Anglicans <oVden in the sense of the word in which the majority of Anglicans believe in them. Tbemfamets intended to do away with a.-aacn&aal; ffciekt hood and substitute' ministersvwbo would preach die gospel.' They made titen-meaning clear by obliterating the form-of holy orders, by cutting out of Uw ordinal all aBonr? to' the holy Bacofioe, and they, even did away with %hjs detivary of the' chaCoe and fllHn and substituted the delivery of.svfiiiilB' a ceremony which though inltsetf iuJo- eueatitl yet made moreolear tbeuieaukigof: jthj&p;&h;* was. As ?ras natural &e; pope did not Seal witn the historical feide of the question, but based hie decision on theological prtnoiplea, 4faerefoV? Barlow's lack of episcopal conseoratioada not oome within wa addbb^oC ? Jlia t mrgiHB?inla fant &at; apwreaWMffiSiiSi^SaBS >Mit I am, &c.;, AN ENGLISH CATHOLIC 