THE HAUNTED HANSOM. Wo bad I'een telling stories of those strange warnings from tlio spirit world which men have sometime'# had of events which were to happen, or had happened on this earth, when a member of the clul>, whom none of us had oven spoke to before, oame up to the corner of tho smok ing-room where we worn sitting. His manner win thnt of a reticeut man who was mastered | by on overpowering impulse to tell a story. " I daresay you fellows may remember the ! case they called the Putney Heath Mystery," ho said, " though it happened a good many I > ears ago ? " " Yes, I reiuemtiHr it/' said one of our mull ber, " though after all there was nothing very mysterious shout- it." " No, not as it came out in court; but there w«s a mystery about it that the public never heard of. It related not to the crime itself, but to tho way the detectives wero first put on the scent of tho evidence that brought the prisoner's guilt home to him. Then hu told tho following talo : It is a story I hnve not told for a long lime, lor I don't like being chaffed about it. But as you fellows have been talking about that sort of thing I can't help tolling it to you. It is twenty years ago since that cusii. -H the time I was a young fellow, just getting through the j little money 1 came into when 1 came of ago. | 1 was a member of this club then, and one night I had been in the carilroom upstairs until three o'clock in tho morning, The other fellows I hud been playing with went a diffurent way home, anil thoy took tho only hansom there was waiting outside, and I was loft to w.Ok homo by myself. , , I remember quite well that as I hurried up into the Strand I was feeling gloomy and dis contented with myself. It had been raiuing.nnit tho lights of the street lamps wero blurred and Med to be reflected from tho wot pavements. j I could only see oiib oowering figure, and tho long street seemod to bo unusually deserted oven for the hour when London sleeps. I thought that perhaps I should not And a cab oven at Charing Cross to take mo to Iibury street, where 1 lived ; and 1 felt that tho walk j thero would be lonely and unpleasant. What: a fool I was, and in what a feeblo way I wus wasting my life and throwing away all my chances, I thought, ns I walked. Just then a hfU\som(cruwling along, turned from Catherine street into tho Strand " That's all right. Jump in, sir ; you're the first faio I liavo had all night," said tho driver, as Uo pulkd up for mo. Well, I was in some sort of luck after all in Setting a cab so soon, I thought, as I pulled 1 open thu doura. Then I started and looked touud to tho driver. "What is th3 matter with your face p " 1 asked, for I hid seen huddled up on tho floor of the cab, with his head on the seat, a gentleman in evening clothes, who seemed to bo hopelessly intoxicated. " You seeru to havo forgotten about him, and I prefor to have a oab to my self." " Havo a cab to yourself 1 You II want u padded reotn to yourself-that's what you'll want pretty soon, governor. Come, jump in, and don't give in to it, or you will find yourself waking up in Bow Street Station," answored tho driver. " I tell you there is someone in there," I re plied ; " ate for yourielf." " Then he's got in unbeknown to me," said the man, " and you can till him to clrar out." " Turn him out yourself. I won't have any thing to do with him," I said, and 1 remember feeling almost startled at tho terrified toue of rnv own voice, while I realised that it would bo hard for me to bring inysolf again to look into that cab at the huddled figure that lay in the corner. Thero is something wrong wilh him. IIo is dead," I fonnd myself saying almost in voluntarily. " It's onsy to see what's tho matter with you. It's what comes having plenty of money to pay for your drinks. But come, jump in, and toll me where to drive you to afore you forgets it, or you'll bo thinking yourself the Pi iueo of Wales or the Emperor of Kussia. Mere, I will show you thnt thero is no one in. You will bo a troublesome faro enough, but I ain't goiug to leave a gent in tho street," said the driver, who seemed to be a good-natured fellow enough. Then ho jumped off tho box, grumbling to him self, and opening tl.e doors of the cab asked mo where, the gentleman was. As I looked over his shoulder in to the oab I could not answer tho question, for wliorever tho man in dress-clothes was he was certainly no longor in the cab. " Belter get in, sir, and get home,"' said the driver I felt, however, that nothing would induce me to drive homo in the cab whero I had set n tint aiBn in dress clothes. So 1 gave the man a shilling, which soothed bis temper, and made him so far communicative that he told me that he listed the cab as much as 1 did, and wilh better reason, for he had never had a good day since ho first look it out, a week bofoie. " It's the number, may be-1313. Anyhow, somebody else may drive it, for I shan't any more, But tlicre ain't kien no gentleman in it, drunk or sober,live or dead, this blessed night," said the man as be drove off. I must say I felt rutliur nervous as I walked home through the rain to Ebury- street. Was this singular delutiuti the beginning of some mysterious illneBS ? No, I felt quite well. The ouly curiuns symptom was that I could not get the figure I bad seen, out of my mind. I had only caught a glauce of the uiun in tbe cab, and jet I seemed to see him vividly when I tried to reeull him. I could remember all bis features distinctly, and tbe groy colour of his face. All through the night I was haunted by Ihut fuco When I woke up, though it IVHS a bright, sunny day, I could not get it out of my mind. Though I bad been wastiug my time, stopping sip till three o'clock playing cards.l bad a lot of work to do. It wus only u month to sendiug-iu day, and I had two pictures for tbe Academy to finish. I wus bound to make the best use of the present sunshine. Yet when I went into my stuilio I sat fur some time unable to do any thing, and when I did turn to work it was to do something quite USCUBB. For two hours 1 woiked away at a picture of the figure tl.at liauntid mo-the mail ill dreas clothes that I had seen lying on the floor of the cab, with bis head resting on the seat. Yes, be was dead, I said to myself, as I looked with something akin to admiration at my sketch, which seemed to be be almost the clevercst thing I bad ever done. 1 felt inclined to tear up the sketch, which seemed to me to be terrible and gruesome, but some impulse prevented my doing so. I put it away, and settled to my work. In a wuy !. found that the two bouts I had spent over the sketch were not altogether wasted, for after I had lin'sli'id it I was able to work awoj at my picture without my thoughts straying back to my a-lventuro o? the previous evening. I suppose it would Lave been wiser if I bad kept my story to myself, for I was a good deal elm fled about it, and though 1 am a temperate man enough many people believed that 1 hid left tbe club, wlere 1 had been playing curds that evening, on the verge of an attack of de lirium tiemrns. Still, there are some stories which one cannot help telling, and with most people anything approaching to a ghost story is of that character. The chuff I always encoun tered I used to consider was stupid, and in bad taste. About a week after my adventure thrre wire somo half-dozen men smoking in my studio, and of course they got me to tell them all about it. " Well," I said, when my venture KM re ceived with more or lew incredulity, " all I can nay in that this is what I aaw," anil opening a drawer 1 took out tho sketch I niacin and pasted it round. " It's a rory clover bit of work, anyhow," said Glozianl, tile art critic ; " isn't it, Bill P" and he passe:! it to Bill Soinns, a young fellow who had lately begun to do a great deal of work for the illustrated papers. 11 it looks an if it wore the likeness of i>omobody." " Likeness !" oxclaintcd Somrs, after he bid looked at it. " 1 tell you what it is, you have a very ghastly lurn of humour to draw this pic ture to holster up your story. Wliy.it is exactly as ho looked wlun they found him," " Who '{ What do you mean?'' I askod, and I ptercd into Somes's face to see if bo wtre dialling me, and felt perfectly certain that he was not. " 'J'om Loring. Do you mean to say you never knew him p" " I novcr saw liim in my life, unless I saw him that morning.'' " All 1 can any is that a fortnight ago ho was found dead oil I'litnoy Iloath, dressed as you draw him, with a phial which had contained auduHum by him. You must liaro read of it in the papers—the ‘ Putney Heath Msytery ’ they call it. I knew him well, for he owned a lot of race-horsea, uud was a man who waa a good deal about. Of course it tainted like suicide at first, hut the police are doubtful." I was not chaffed much moru that evuiing, for tho other men, two of whom had known Loring by sight, were much impress! d by my story. " It is not the sort of story thoy are likely to pay much heed to at Scotland Yard," said Somits after we had talked forsomu time, " but 1 know the detective who is looking alter the case, and I would liko to tell ib to him, and show him the picture. You had belter go there with me 'to-morrow." I agreed to this, and the next day Somes and 1 interviewed Inspector Sharp, who had charge of the case. ? " We don't go much on spirits of that sort down tho Yard," said tho inspector when I lial (old him my story and shewn biin iny sketch, but this is the living, or rather the dead, image of what we found on Putney Heath. And there must liaro bjen a cab in tho ease, the one in which tho genllcinitn, dead or alive, was taken down to tho Heath. Number 1313. Wo!l, I will look it tip, though 1 should be obliged if you would not tell anyone about this, for 1 wouldn't like it lo bo supposed that I istenul to suoh u story." The inspector did look up cab Number 1313 People who can recall the details of the Putney Heath mystery will remember what an import ant witness the cab driver was. The prisoner! had paid him a heavy prico for the une of hi cab for a night. The use it was put lo was (? drive Loring's body down to Putney Heat & Loring had been killed by an overdeso of laud! anuni, administered to him by people who oiilj wished to diug him, and rob him of a Inij'/ sum of money lie had been puid thnt evening, t Their obji ct, of course, was to make it appeal that the unfortunate man had committed suicide. But the Putney Heath Mystery is a long and an old story. My connection with it, which i:-. the strangest part of the story, never came out in evidence. I don't suppese half-a-di zen people have ever wondered how the police got the clnt to the ex-cabman who had lent his cab to tin: persons who sent Mr. Loring out of tLo world Certainly I cannot explain tho story. I can onlv tdl it oh it occurred to mo. Hidden away ii: my desk I still have tho sketch I drew of tbi; figure in the hansom. 1 cerlainly never drew so well us on that occasion. Sometimes when £ look at it-as I do overy now utul then -ii seeins that there is somethiiigstraiigeundalmobi supernatural in tho life slid expression ol ovorv lino, liut that nitty be mere fancy. The eoi » viction of tho accused in tho I'ulney Hoatlj Mystery is a solid fact. Inspector isliarp, of Scotland Yard, is not likely soon to forgot 111'/ evidei.ee I brought him. " Wo have all sorts of queer stories brocg b to us at Scotland Yard," he said to mo the other day when wo met aud had a glass o't wiuo together, " but that case of yours was the only instance I ever knew of our acting on ii, formation received from tho other woild !'' 