THE ADELAIDE HOUNDS. rBV'FOLLOWZR.1 The meet on Saturday was at the Marryat ville Hotel, and at the appointed hour tbero was a large muster, both of hunting men and of the road continuant. The weatherannearcd in tne morning to be very promising lor a smart run, as the groundjWos in good condition ; and fortunately .for those who were out tho rain held off, and by, the time we got to the kill it was as pleasant an afternoon as could be wished for, so that all those who saw the run could congratulate themselves upon having spent a most enjorablo afternoon. Attbo third fence The Ghost fravo his rider an ugly-looking fall, but fortunately after being driven back to town he was able to go about as usual The start took place near the schoolhouse over a nice club fence into Messrs. Cooper & Sons' paddocks. Then a nice little double over tho Avenue and an easterly route took us via a doublo into the South Australian Compauv's paddocks, which an in tho occupation of Mr. J. Creswell. Wheeling to the left, the Kentungton-road doublo landed us in Mr. W. Pile's field, and another fence brought us into the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company's paddock. Thence they headed for the hiUs, and turned off to the leftover Mr. Lillywhite's paddock, thon along a road till tbo Magill road was crossed, and over the pad docks of Mr. Colville, Mr. Hunt Mr. Wilson, Mr. Burden, Mr. Moule, and a stiff post and rail into Mr. J. S. Reid's Rostrevor property. After jumping on to the road, as Mr. Reid does not happen to be in tho colony, Mr. W. A. Wood had thoughtfully provided somo light refreshments, which were partaken of on the picturesque iawn. After a few minutes' check, and while we were admiring the lovely gardens and pretty view, came a quick call to horse. Getting away we wero soon galloping across the pretty park at Stradbroke, the property of Mr. Pearcc, where there are some real good fences over a familiar line of country, and after following, a little pieco of road they jumped into Mr. Maurice's property, and there we jumped some half-dozen or so of good clnb fences, till wo pot into Mr. A. Fox's land, and reaching the foot of the hills found the going a bit rougher. The kill took place in the paddock of Mr. Addisou. Amongst the field we were pleased to notico a new member, Mr. A. Sells, on Curiosity, and it is to bo hoped bis example will bo followed by many others. Hunting is one of the finest sports we know, and no doubt our new mombcr will bo the most eager of all to wish that next Saturday should come quickly. Tho others were -— Tho Master. Mr. F. H. Downer, on Kingfisu. Messw. F. Donaghy on Jackoroo. H. D. Young on Lubra, W. A. Wood on Alma, H. C. Cave on Ringwood, J. T. Love on Explorer, D. Waite on Skyscraper, T. Me Fie ou Imonj F. J. Gray on Brownie, F. S. Toms on Quick shot. G. A. Roe on Warrinjjie, A. G. Hay on Sneaker, A. Edwards ou Tarradale, and Collins, the Huntsman, on Aberdeen. Der rick rode_ Little Bob with tho drag, and ont for qualifications were Barnes on Cyrut (a horso that want otceedinjlv well), Pitchford on Postal, D. MacCallum on Overwood, Burns on Terror. Some of our bunting members followed around on the roads waiting for their hones' recovery. After such a smart and warm ride, the Master kindly invited the members to come into his hospitable homo at Hilltop, where a parting stirrup- cup— of tea or otherwise — and light refreshments put a finishing touch to a very pleasant after noon's sport Then all had to jor along home wards, and talk of the wonderful deeds of their respective nags, how the new ones aro shaping, and so forth until the near approach of the city parted the company for a weak. 