RIGHTED AT LAST. CHAPTER I. Boo loomed the setting sun through the chill, rose-colored mist one frosty afternoon in November, lighting up the many windows in the hugh pile of buildings called The Priory, a fine old mansion belonging to Viscount Cleveland. The red, wintry mist was not the only bit of color in the land soape, for along the undulating road, leading through the park to the stately dwelling, a stripling in a red coat rode slowly homewards after his day's hunting. Every earthly possession seeomed to have been showered on this young fellow of eighteen, the sole heir to this magnificent property. Yet discontent and sneer sat on his youthful faoo. " Who's that rascal skhulking near the woods at this time of day? " thought he, as a tall athletic young fellow, a couple of years or so his senior, emerged from a side-path, and opened a gate to lot the young heir, Loinster Cleveland, pass. " Oh I it's you, is it, Somerset ? What are you doing heroe ? Your place is in the gardens." " Mr. Granger sent me over to Iambourgh this afternoon about the camellias you ordered this afternoon, and-" " The plants ought to have been sent or fetched yesterday. There; no more words-that's enough I" And on went the horseman, leaving the other young fellow he had ad dressed so haughtily flushed with rage and indignation. The latter strode on hastily till he turned into a by-path leading to a small cottage almost hidden among trees. A light gleamed through the tiny window and showed the figure of a tall and very comely woman, who looked up as he entered. "Is that you, Somerset ?" she asked; then, noticing his disturbed look, " hut what is the matter ?" "The matter Oh, mother I why oan't we go and work on some other estate? That lout of a boy-that Leinster Cleveland-bas been more insolent to me than ever." Very dark grow the woman's hand some faoo as she listened to those words. " Oh I that I may yet avenge this I" she muttered. " I don't want revenge, mother," said the young follow; "I only want for you and me to go and find a homo and a living far away from The P'riory. I shall give that young scamp a horsewhipping soon if we stay, and got imprisoned for assault." " If you did you would undo the work of years, Somerset. We will go away some day-that is to say, you shall never take oervioo under that boy. But it suits me to stay just now. Try, for your mother's sake, to be patient. Forgot M?r. Leinstor Cleveland," she said, setting a oevoury dish on the table, " He will not let me, mother," said Somerset, sitting down. " And, mother, you always pooh-pooh me when I ask you why we are so different in our ways from other people-I mean from the cottagers around us. You do not spaok like them, and your ways are not like theirs; our cottage is not like any of the other cottages, small as it is; and we have books, and can road them. Why, you yourself have taught me German and French, and brought me up more like a gentle man's eon than a labourer. And you have a little money, mother, though only a little; and now that I am twenty, it seems to me that I ought to be doing something better than the head gardener's work hero for an under gardener's pay." His mother's face had flushed pain fully duaring this address, but she heard it to the end without interruption. Somerset continued eagerly : "PMay I give Mr. Jones, theo vis count's man of business, noticoe about leaving our cottage mother next quarter ? My place in the gardens is soon thrown up." " Give notice ? " she cried. " Not for the world I Somerset, I a,m trying to save money on purpose that we may move. Don't defeat all my plans I They so often want me to help nurse at The Priory now that the old viscount is ill, that I can soon save enough for what we want. For my sake then be quiet a little longer." " But, mother, tell me why we are so different from other people ? Of course I would do anything you wished; but don't keep me in the dark if there is any mystery--" " Somerset," interrupted his mo ther, "I will tell you to-night what I never told you before. My father was a clergyman, who taught me hims'elf with the most diligent care. That is why we are so different in our ways from other cottagers; but he died when I was eighteen, and loft me homeless, for he was as poor as he was clever, and " (her face flushed so that she rose hastily to hide it from her son) - " and I married to escape poverty. But your father left me penniless, and I had to earn my own living and yours. But mind, say nothing of this; it would not be plea seant to me to noospt employment at The Priory if my story were known." Someroet was about to make some eager rejoinder when an impatient knook sounded at the door, the latch was lifted, and a man in a footman's dress entered. " Good evening, Mrs. East. Mrs. Jones, the Iaonsekeoper, has sent to say she hopes you can come up to The Priory to-night, for his lordship is ill again." " I'll come," said Somerset's mother rising with alacrity. " Is his lordship confined to his bed 2" " Yes; but we don't think nothin' o' that-he's so fanciful. Lor', Mrs. East, between ourselves, he's craoked I He's always havin' some new fancy. What d'yo think it is now ? Why, now, 'tis one partis'lar coat he won't never have brushed I He's safe enough to be minded in that, for none of us don't want to brush his old coat. I may say as you can come up, Mrs. East ?" "I'll be up by nine o'clockr at latest," she replied, with a husky voice; and the footman, with a hasty "good evening," went off. Somerset was far from pleased to see his mother thus called away. He had hoped to have a long talk with her about many things she had hitherto been silent about, and could not understand her eagerness to go and nurse the eccentric old nobleman at The Priory. " You will not earn so much by it, mother," said he. "Why should you go everytimo they send for you ?" "Don't talk just now, my dear boy ; but bring me my carpet-bag, and I'll pack the few things I want." With a face clouded with disap pointment Somerset obeyed his mother, and scarcely was her son's back turned when she sank on a chair, and, covering her face, uttered a sort of groan. " Oh I" she murmured, " what agonies to endure I But if even at the last, after so many years, I may be avenged, I will not complain. Oh I Somerset, it is for you, for you, that I do this-for you, who know nothing I" "I shall see you to-morrow," said she calmly, on Somerset's re-entrance. Half-an-hour after Mrs. East walked up to The Priory, her son carrying her bag. She was ushered into Viscount Cleveland's handsome bed- ohamber, and a moment or two later she found herself alone with her charge. OHAPTER II. It was midnight. Great stillness reigned over the large and sleeping household at the Priory, but Mrs. East kept her watch most conscientiously in the invalid's room. " Is he awake 2" shs asked herself as her reatless eyes wandered sorutin izingly around. "No I" she answered to herself, as the old lord's deep and regular breathing told of his slumber. Her eyes glittered with excitement as she noted a dark coat hanging over a chair on the other side of the apart mont. It was on this old garment that she fixed her eyes with absorbing interest. "Is it there ? Can it be there, after so many years of search-of agonizing search 2" she thought. She rose without a sound, and very silently crossed the room. With deft fingers she felt all over the unused coat. Suddenly she caught her breath, for, seown into the coat, fastened be twoon the seams, was something hard and small. Mrs. East was not long in cutting the threads which hold it, and a tiny key fell into her lap. Mastering her emotion, she clutched it in her hand. " Oh, it is worth more to me than silver or gold I" she cried to herself. " Butthe casket I Where is the casket ? Has heaven sent me deliverance at last ?" A hoarse, gruff voico from the bed interrupted her meditations. " Give me some tisano," said the old viscount, crosesly. The nurse hastened to bring the drink. "Oh I you're the woman from the cottage below the park goteo I Well, you've some sense, that's one comfort. Keep up the fire and hold your tongue and I shall go to sloop again." A very slight noise at the door oanued Mrs. East to look in that diroo tion. It opened noiselessly, and dis closed the slight form and enchanting face of a girl in the first bloom of youth ful beauty. Without venturing to advance, she made a sign to Mrs. East, and the latter went on tiptoe to meet the young lady. " Is my uncle more seriously ill than usual ?" asked she, in lowest tones, outside the bedroom door. "No, Miss Nadolka; on the con trary, his lordship is not so feeble as before, only he is fanciful." "Ab, then I will not sit up to night I I came to offer to stay with you." " There is no need of it, thank you, miss," returned Mrs. East. The young girl said "good-night I " and retired as gently as she had ap peared, while the nurse weont back to her vigil. She waited till all was profoundly still; then drew from her pocket a needle-case, and stitched into the coat a small piece of wood about the size of the key she had just possessed her self of. " He will never discover the change by mere feeling I" thought she. " Now for the casket I Oh, where can he have secreted it ? Too well I know the lock, could I but find it I" Like a ghost she glided slowly from couch to cushioned chair, searched two book-shelves, and in every corner; but her anxious quest was not re warded. "I cannot do more to-night. It may be hidden about his bed- for if he will not let the key be absent from him, be sure the casket is very near." She fell exhausted into a chair as the gloomy, misty dawn came slowly up the sky ; but more dark than any outside gloom were the unhappy woman's reflections. " Oh, my poor boy-my own dear, noble Somerset I It is not enough to know that you are cruelly wronged, but now I can discern a new trouble. That lovely Nakelka, whose pets you fed for her whilst a mere boy, is dear to you now she is grown up and ready to enter that world which would scorn you-a labourer I How is it that you dare to love so high-born a maiden ? -for you do worship her, I feel sure, my dear boy I" Her reflections were sharply inter rupted. " Here, East, I want you. Are you awake ?" "Yes, my lord," she answered, springing up. "Give me my Coat-the old one lying out there; and go and look out of the window, and tell me what sort of morning it is." As she obeyed his directions the old man eagerly felt in the accustomed place for the secreted key. " Yes, it's all safe I They,ll never think of looking here I Trust me for sharpness i " chuckled the old noble man to himself. "Here I" he called aloud, " can't you see what sort of a morning it is without so much look ing ? Come hre I I've something to say to you." "Yes, my lord," said the nurse, submissively approaching. "You can sleep by daylight, can't you, as well as by night ? Well, then, get some sleep hero, for I shall want you to sit up with me, perhaps, for a week to come. You can do what most of the women here cannot do-keep quiet, and not bother me with medi cine every half-hour. So be here to night in good time." " Fail ? " said she to herself, as she pasaed downstairs. " No fear of that. For the opportunity of search I came here-for that I have lived my life near him all these weary years. I have the key - but where is the casket ? " (To Ib continued.) 