[?] THE MOON STRICKEN. Br Bernard E. J. Capes. It is an old talc with mo how, in a little vil lage off the great Ohamonix- road, I became acquainted with Madame Barbiiro -find her idiot son — an old tale, and with a fantastio se quel. I wonder will anyone give credit to it and an earnest hearing ? The. little record has for long years moulded in my desk ; and of late it lias grown up in my mind that may bo I am spared— as once I never thought to be— that I may cito my strange experiences as a certain monnco dictated from that " unknown bourno " it was once my fate to a little overstep. And if this revelation of a long withheld secret is to prove my death warrant ? Bettor so than the living consciousness that I am writ down an inspired madman. Therefore I take up tho talc abruptly at a certain point in the old faded manuscript. The soul of Camille Barbitro the idiot had warpod long after its earthly tabernacle had grown firm and fair to look upon. Cause and effect wore not one from birth in him ; and the result was a most wistful expression, as though tho loBt intellect were for ever struggling and failing to recall its ancient mastery. Mostly ho was a gentle young man, with one simple in stinct of duty— to drive tho goats to pasture on the mountain slopes; where nil day long he would sit among the rhododendrons, the forgot ten soul behind his eyes conning tho dead lau- gnago of fate, as a foreigner vainly interrogates tho abstruse complexity of an idiom. By and hye I made it on irregular habit to ac company him on these shepherdings — inasmuch as he awakened an interest in me that was full of speculation. For his was not an imbecility cither hereditary or constitutional. From the firBt there had appeared to me something abnor mal in it— a suspension of intelligence only— a frost-bite in the brain that presently some April breath of memory might thaw out. This was not merely conjectural, of course. I had the story, of his mental collapse from his mother in the early days of my sojourn in Iiel-Oiseau, for it came to pass that a fitful instinct induced mc to prolong my stay in the Bwart little village far into the gracious Swiss summer. The " story " I hove called it ; but it was none. He was out on the hills one moonlight night, some eight years before my knowledge of him, and came home early in the morning mad. That was all. They had thought him possessed of a devil, and had Bought to exorcise it; but the devil remained and rent him with periodic convulsions of insanity- It was noticed that his derangement waxed end waned with the monthly moon ; thatr it assumed a virulent character with the passing of the second quarter, and culminated in a species of delirium, during which it waB necessary to carefully watch him ; that it diminished with the lessening crescent until it fell away into n quiet abeyance of faculties that was but a step apart from the normal intelligence of his kind. When ho was 20 his father died, and Camilla and his mother had to make out existence in company. Now the veil, in my first knowledge of him, was never rent ; yet occasionally it Boomed to me to gape in a manner thot let a little momen tary finger of light through, in the flashing of which a soul kindled and shut iu his eyes, like a spark in ashes. "He was not always thus?" I would say to Madame Barbi&re.; "But no, Monsieur, truly. This place — bah ! we are here imbeciles all to the great world, without doubt ; but, Camillo ! he was by nature of tho3e who make tho history of cities — a roBO in the wijderncss. Monsieur Bmilos ? " " By no means. A scholar, Madame ? " "A scholar of nature, Monsieur; a dreamer of dreams such as they beoome who walk much with tho spirits on tho lonely mountains." "Torrents and avalanches and the good ma terial foices of nature, Madame means." "Ah ! Monsieur may talk, hut he knows. He has heard the ftihn sweep down from the hills and spin the great stonos off the house roofs. And one may look and see nothing, yet the stones go. It is the wind that runs before the avalanche that snaps tho pine trees ; and the wind is tho spirit that calls down the snow slip3." " But how may Madame, who sees nothihg, know then a spirit to be abroad t " " Sly faith' ; one may know ono's foot is on the wild mint without shifting one's sole to look." "Sladamewill pardon me. No doubt also one may know a spirit by the Bmcll of sul phur? , " Monsieur is a sceptic. It comes with the knowlodgo of cities. Thero are ovon suoli in little Bel-Oiscau, since the evil time whon they took to engrossing tho oohtraot3_of good oiti- zenB on the Bkins of tho poor jew-bcards that givo us lle9h and milk. It is horrible as 'the. Tannery of Meudoii. In my young days, Mon sieur, such agreements were inscribed upon wood." "Quite so, Madame. " But, for his fall— it wae always unaccountable ?" "Monsieur, ns one trips on the edge of a crevasse and disappears. His soul dropped into tho frozen cleft tlmt ono cannot fathom." " Madame will forgivo my curiosity — " "Butsuroly. There was no dark Hccrct in my Canaille's life. Moreover, it is that I will ingly recount this grief to the wise friend that may know a eolution." At another time Madame L'arbiere said— " It was in suoh a parched summer as this threatens to he that my Camilla came home in the mists of the morning, possessed. Ho was often out 011 tho Bwoot hills all night— that was nothing. It had been a full moon, and tbe whiteness of it was on his faco like leprosy — but his hands were hot with fever. Ah, the dreadful Hummer ! Tho milk turned sour in tho cows' udders and tho tufts of tho stono pines on the mountains fell into ashes like Dead Sea fruit. The springs wero dried, and the great Cascade of Buet fell to half its vo- lumo." B "This cascade ; I have never seen it. Is it in the neighborhood?" " Of a surety. Monsieur must have passed the rocky ravine that vomits tho torrent, on his way hither." "I romember. I will oxploro it. Camille shall ho my guide," " Never." ' ' And why 5" Madame shruggeiThcr plump shoulders. "Who may sav? Tho ways of tho afflicted are not our ways". Only I know that Camilla will never drivo his flock to pasture near the lip of that dark valley." "That is strange. Can the place have associa tions for him connected with his malady ?' \- " It is possible. Only the good God knows." But I wsb to know later on, with a little reel ing of the reason also. " Camille, I want to see the Cascade de Buet," Tho hunted eyes of the stricken looked into mino with a piercing glance of fear. "Monsieur must not," he said in a low voice.- ".And why not?" "The waters are bad— bad— haunted." " I fear no ghosts. Wilt thou show me the way, Camille ? ' I !" The idiot fell upon the grass with a sort of. gobbling cry. I thought it the prelude to a fit of some Bort, and was stopping towards him when ho rose to his feet, waved me off, and hurried away down the slope homewards. Here was food for reflection which I mumbled inseoret. _A day or two afterwards I joined Camille at midday on tho heights whero ho was pasturing his flocks. He had shifted his ground a little distance westwards, and I could not find him at once. At last I spied him, his back to a rock, his hand dabbled for coolness in a littlo runnel that trickled at his side, He looked up and greeted mc witli a Bmilc. He had conceived an affection for me, this poor lost soul. "It will go soon," he said, referring to the miniature streamlet, "It hi safe in tho woods ; but to-morrow or next day the sun will lap it up ore it can reach tho Bkirt of the shadow above 'there. A farewell kiss to you, , little stream." Ho bent and sipped a mouthful of the clear water. He was in a more reasonable state than lie had shown for long, though the summer solstice was at hand, and the weather sultry to a degree— as it had been, I did not fail to re member, the year of his seizure. "Camille, I said, "why to-day hast thon shifted thy ground a little in the direction of the Buet ravine ?" He sat up at once with a curious eager look in his face. ."Monsieur has asked it," lie said. "It was to impel Monsieur to ask it that I moved. Docb Monsieur seek a guide ?" "TVilt thou lead me, Camille?" . "Monsieur, last night I dreamed, and one came to me. Was it my father ? I know not. But he put my forehead to his breast and the evil left it, and I remomhored it without terror. 'Reveal the secret to the stranger,' lie said, 'that he may share thy burden - and . comfort thee ; for he is strong where thou art weak, and the vision shall not scare him.' Monsieur, wilt thou come ?!' He leaped to hi9 feet, and I to mine." " "Bead on, Camille, I follow." He called to the leader of his flock, " Fetijcan ! stray not, my little one. I shall be back sooner thnn the daisies close." Then he turned to me again. I- noticed a pallid, desperate look in his faoe, ns though no were Btruug to great effort, hut it was the face of a mindless one still. "Do you not fear?" ho said in a whisper ; and the apple in his throat seemed all choking core; " I fear nothing," I answered with a smile ; yet , the still semnreneas of the woods found a little tremor in my breast. " It iB good," he answered, regarding mo. ' a uo wiigui O|>VIV0 M utlli A VIIv iv | AUlfliniCll ( Ho went off through the treeB of a sudden, and I had much ado to keep pace with him. He ran as one urged on by a sure sense of doom, looking neither to right nor left. Swiftly we made our way , ever slightly climbing, along the rugged hillside, and soon broke into country very wild and dismal. The >astoral character of the scene lessened and altogether disappeared. The trees grew matted and grotesquely gnarled, huddling together in menacing battalions, save where some plunging rock had burst like a shell, forcing n clearing and strewing the black moss with a jagged wreck of spliuters. Here no flowers crept for warmth ; no sentinel mar mot turned his littlo scut with a whistle of ; alarm to vanish like a red shadow. All was : melancholy and silence, and the mossed defiance of ever impending ruin. Storm and avalanche, and the bitter snap of frost, had wrought their lmvoc year by year, till an uncrippled branch waa a rare distinction. Tho very saplings of stunted growth bore tbe air of thieves reared in a rookory of crimo. AVe strode with difficulty, in an inhuman twilight, through this great dark quickset of nature, and had paused a moment where the thronging trunks thinned somewhat, when & little mouthing moan came towards us on the crest of a ripple of wind. My companion stopped on tbe instant and clutohed my arm, his face twisting with panic. "The cascade, Monsieur I" he shook out in a terrified whisper. "Courage, my friend! It is that we come to Book." " Ah I Mv God, yea— it is that I I dare not— I dare not ! He drew back, livid with fear, but I urged him on. " Remember the dream, Camille 1" I cried. \- Yes, yes— it waa good. Help me, Mon sieur, and I will try to lead you to it." I drew his arm within mine, and together wc stumbled on. The undergrowth grew denser and more fantastio; tho murmur filled out, iuoreased, and resolved itseli into a sound of falling wator that ever took shape, and volume, aud depth, till its crash shook the ground at our feet. Then in a moment a white blaze of sky came at us through the trunks, aud we burst through the fringe of the wood to find oursolvoa facing the opposite Bide of a long cleft huthe mountain and the blade's edge of a roar, ing cataract It shot out over the lip of the fall 20 feet abovo ui in a curve like, a scimitar, passed in one eheet the spot where "w afcood, and dived into a sunless pool 30 foet below with- n L thun derous boom. What - it may have been" ur.fuU phases of the stream I know not, yet oven how it was sufficiently magnificent to give pnu3e to a dying soul cagor to Bhake oil the restless horror of "the world. Tho flat of its broad blade divided the lofty black walls of a deep and savage ravine, on who9o jagged shelves Bome starved huskcts of rhododendron shook in tho wind of. the torrent. Far down the narrow gully wo could ace the passiou of water tossing champed white with tho ravening of its jaws, until it took a bend of the cliffs at a leap and ntahud from sight. - AAre stood upon a little platform of coarse graBB and bramble, whoso fringe dipped and uodded fitfully as the sprinkle caught it. Beyond, the sliding sheet of water looked like a great strap of steel reeled ceaselessly off a whirl ing drum pivoted between tho hills. The mid day BUti shot like a piston down the shaft of tbe valley, painting purple Bpearsnnd angles behind its abutting rocks, and hitting full upon the upper curve of the fall ; but half way down tho cataract slipped into shadow. My brain sickened with the cndle9o gliding and turmoil of descent, and I turned aside to speak to my companion. Ho was kneeling upon tuo grass, his oyes fixed and staring, his white lips mumbling some crippled memory of n prayer. Ho started and 'cowered down as I touched him on the shoulder. " I cannot go, Monsieur. I shall die." " AVhat next, Camille ? I will go alone." ' " My God, Monsieur ! The cave under the fall. . It is there tho horror ia." He; pointed to .a little gap in the fringing bushes with shaking fihger. I stole gingerly in the .. direction ho indicated.' With every step I took the awful fascination of the descending water increased upon me. It seemed hideous and abnormal to stand midway against a perpendicularly rushing torrent. Above or below the effect would have been different ; but here, to look up was to feel one's feet di tig ging towards the unseen ; to look down and pass from vision of the lip of the fall, was to beoome the waif of a force that was un accountable. I had a battle with my nerves and triumphed. As I approached the opening in the brambles I became conscious of & certain relief. At a little distance the cataract had seemed to ac tually wash in its descent the edge of the plat form. Now I found it to be distant further than I had imagined, the ground dropping in a sharp slope to n sort of rocky buttress, which lay obliquely "on the slant of the ravine, and was the true margin of the torrent. Before I essayed the descent I glanced back at my companion. He was kneeling where-. I had left him, liis hands pressed to his face, liis features hidden ; but looking back once again, when I had with infinite caution accomplished the downward olimb, I saw that he had ciept to the edge of the slope, and was watching me witli wide, terrified eyes. I waved iny hand to him, and turned me to the wonderful vision of water that now passod almost within reach of my arm. I stood near the point where the whole glassy breadth glided at once from sunlight into sha dow. It fell silently, without a break, for only its feet far below trod the thunder. Now,, as I peered about, I noticed a little cleft in the rocky margin, a minute's climb above me. I was attracted to tills by an app?ar- ance of smoke or steam that incessantly emer ged from it, as though soino witch's caldron were simmering alongsido the fall. Spray it might be, or the condcusing of water sploshed on the granite ; but of this I might not be sure. Therefore, I' determined to invoatigate, and straightway began olimbing the rocks, with my heart in my mouth, it must be confessed, for the foothold was undesirable niul the wax perilous. And all the time I was conscious that the white- face of Camille watched mc from above. As I reached the cleft I fancied I heard a queer sort of gasping sob issue from his lips, but to this I could give no heed in the sudden wonder that broke upon me. For, lo! it appeared that the cleft led straight to a narrow platform or ledge of Tock right underneath the fall itielf, but extending how far I could not Bee, bv reason of the steam that filled the passage, and for which I was un able to account. Footing it carefully and grop ing my way, I set step in tho little water- curtained chamber and advanced a pace or two. Suddenly, light grew about me, unu a beautiful rose of fire appeared on the wall of the passage 111 UIIC UllUOb VI TVUUfc OCUIUCU K VlbllUUU BUVVjl III the rock. Marvelling, I put out my hand to touch it, and fell back on tho harrow floor with a scream of anguish. An inch further and tlieao linos had not been written. As it was, the fall caught me by the fingers with the Buck of a catfish, and it was only a gigantic wrench that eared ino from slipping olf the ledge. The jerk brought my head against the rock with a stunning blow, and for some moments I lay dizzy and confused, dar ing hardly to breathe, and conscious o'nlv of a burning and blistering agony in my right hand. At length I Hummoned courage to gather my limbs together and crawl out the way I had entered. The distance was but a few paces, yet the moment these took to traverse seemed an interminable nightmare of swaying and stumbling. I know only ono other' occasion upon whioli the liberal atmosphere of tho open earth seemed sweeter to my souses when I reached it than it did on this. I tumbled somehow through the cleft, and sat down shaking upon the grass of the slope be yond ; but, happening to throw myself back wards in the reeling faintness induced by my fright and the pain of my head, my eyes en countered a Bight that woke me at once to full aotivity. Balanced upon tho very verge of the slope, his face and neck craned forward, his jaw dropped, a sick, tranced look upon his features, stood Camille. I saw him topjilo, and shouted to him ; but before my voice was well out he swayed, collapsed, and camo down with a run ning thud thnt shook the ground. Once he wheeled over, like a shot rabbit, and bounding, whack with his bend against a flat boulder not a dozen yards from me, lay stunned and motion less. I scrambled over to him, shaking all over. His breath came quick, aud a squirt of blood jerked from a sliced cut in his forehead at every pump of his heart. I kicked out a wad of coot moist turf, and clapped it in a pad ovor the wound, my hand kerchief under. For his body, he was shaken and bruised, hut otherwise not seriously hurt. Presently he came to himiclf— to himself in the heat sense of tho word— for Camille waB sane. . I have no explanation to offer. Only I know that, ae a fall will set a long-stopped watch pulsing again, the blow hero seoined to have re stored the misplaced intellect to its normal balance. Wlion he woke thore was a new soft light of sanity in his eyes that was pathetic in the ex treme. "Monsieur," ho whispered, " the terror has pr.z-fld." " God 'fce , thanked, Camillo," I answered, much moved. "" — . He jerked his poor fcttcred head in rever ence. " A littlo whilo," he said, " and I shall knaw. The punishment was just." " What punlshmont, my poor Camille ?" " flush. Tho oloud has "rolled away. I stand naked before tho good Christ. Monsieur, lift me up ; I am strong." . . - I winced as I, complied. The palm of my hand waa scorched and blistered in is dozen places. He noticed at once, and kissed and fondled the wounded limb aa softly aa n woman might. " All, the poor hand !" he murmured. "Mon sieur lias touohed tho disc of fire." "Camillo," I whispered. "What isit?" "Monsieur Blinll know— ah, ' yes, ho shall know ; but not now, Monsieur, ray mother." " Thou art right, good son." ; I bound up his bruised forehead and my own burnt hand as well as I was able, and helped him to his feet. He stood upon them siagger- ing ; but in a minute could essay to stumble on the homeward journey with assistance. It was ' a long nnd toilsome progress ; hut in timo wo accomplished it. Often wo had to Bit down in tho blasted woods and rest awhile; often moisten our parched mouths at tho runnels of snow water that threaded the undergrowth. Tho shadows were slanting eastwards as we reached the clearing we had quitted some hours earlier, and the goats had disappeared. Petit, jean waa lending his charges homewards in default of a liuman'commander, and presently . wo overtook them browsirigly loitering nnd desirous of definite instructions. I pass over Cnmillo's meeting with his mother, and the wonder and fear and pity of it all. Our hurts were attended to and tho battery of ques tions met with the hast armor of tact at com mand. For myself, I said tlmt I had scorched my hand against a red hot rock, which was - strictly true ; for Camille , that it wore wisest to take no early advantage of the reason that God had restored to him. She 'was voluble, toarful, lmlf- hyaterical with joy and the ecstasy of wonder. . " That a blow should effect the marvel 1 Monsieur, it passes comprehension." All night long I heard her stirring and sob bing softly outside his door, for I slept little owing to pain and the wonder iu my mind. JJut towards morning I dozed, and my dreams wero feverish and full of terror. V Tho next day Camillo kept his bed and I my room. By this I least escaped the first onsot of local curiosity, for the villagers naturally mado of Camilla's restoration, a nine days' wonder. But towards evening Madame Barbiiro brought a message from him that he would liko to see Monsieur alone, if Monsieur would condescend to visit him in his room. I went at once, and found him, as Haydon found Keats, lying on a whits bed, licctio and 011 his back. Ho greeted me with a smile peculiarly sweet and restful. " Does Monsieur wish to know ?" he eaid in a low voice. / " If it will not hurt thee, Camille." " Not now— not now ; the good God ban made me sound. " I remember and am not ter rified." I closed the door and took a seat by. his bed side. There, with my hand shading my eyes' from the level glory of sunset that broke into the room, I listened to the strange tale of Camille's Beizure. " Once, Monsieur, I lived in myself and was exultant with a loneliness of fancied knowledge. My youth was my excuse ; but God could not pardon me all. I read where I could find books, and chance put an evil choice in my way, for I learned to sneer at His name, His heaven, His hell. Each man has his God in self-will, I thought in my pride, and through it alone he accepts the responsibility of life and death. He is his own curse or blessing hero and hereafter, inheriting no sin and earning 110 doom but such ns he himself inflict3 upon himself. I interpret this from the world about me, and, knowing it, I have no fear and own no tyrant hut my own passions. Monsieur, it was through fear the most terrible that God asserted Himself to me." The light was fading in the west, nnd a nnco_ of shadow fell upon tho white bed, as though' the bushed duy bad put a finger upon its lips "I was no coward then, Monsieur— that at least I may say. I lived among the mountains, and on their ledges the feet of my own goats were not surer. Often, in summer, I spent the night among the woods and hills, reading in them the story of the ages, and exploring— ex- , ploring till my feet were, wearier than my brain, btrangers came from far to see the - great cascade; hut none hut I — and you, too, Mon sieur, now — knows the track through the thicket thnt leads to the cave under the waters. found it by .eliance, and, like you, was scorched by the fire, though not badly." " Camille— the cause V' "Monsieur, I will tell you a wonderful thing. The fulling waters thore make a monstrous burn ing glass, when the hot sun is upon them, which has melted the rock behind like wax." ' Can that be so ?" "It is true — dear Jesus, I. have a fearful reason to know it." He half rose on his elbow, his face, crossed by tho bandage, white as milk in the gathering dusk. Hereafter he Bpoke in an awed wbis- por. „ "When tho knowledge broke upon me, I grew great to myself in the possession of a wonderful secret. Day after day I visited the cave and examined this phenomenon, and yet another more marvellous in its connection with the first. The huge lens was a simple accident of curved rocks and convex water, planed smooth aB crys tal. In other than a droughty summer it would probably not exist; tho spouting torrent would overwhelm it— but I know not. Was not this astonishing enough ? Vet nature had worked a second miracle to mock in anticipation the self- sufficient plagiarism of little man. I noticed that the rays of the sun concentrated in the lens only during the half hour of the orb's apparent crossing of the ravine. Then the light, smote upon a strange curved little fan of water, that spouted froth a high crevice at the mouth of the shallow vitrified tunnel, and devoured it. and played upon the rocks behind, that hissed and sputtered like pitoh, and the place was blind witli steam. Rut when the tooth of fire wai withdrawn, the tiny inner cascade fell again and wrought coolness with its sprinkling. "I did not discover this all at onco, for at first fright took inc, and it was enough to watch for the moment of the light's appearance and then fleo with a littlo laughter. But one day I vcntured'back into the cave after the sun hod cro3scd the valley and the steam had died away and the rook cooled behind tho tittle cascade. "I looked through the lens, and it seemed full of a great white light that blazed into my eyes so that I fell back through the inner fan of wator and was well soused by it ; but my sight presently recovering, I stood forward in tho Bcoop of rock admiring the dainty hollow curvo : the fan took in its fall. By and by I' bocame aware that I was looking out through a smaller lens upon tho great one, and that strange whirl ing, mists seemed to be sweeping across n huge disc, "withluouch of my hand almost. "It was long beforo_ I grasped tho meaning of . this ; but, in a flash," it-came upon me. The great lone formed the object glare ; .the small, the eye-glass of a natural telescope of tremend- _ ous power that drew tho high summer clouds down within seoming touch and opened out tho heavens before my storing eyes. " Monsieur, wheu this dawned upon me I was wild. That bo astonishing a discovery should have been preserved for a poor ignorant Swiss peasant filled me with prido wicked in propor tion with its absenoo-of gratitndo to .tho mighty dispenser of good. I came even to think iny in- dividuality part of the wonder and necessary to its existence. 4 "NVere it not for my courago and enterprise,' I cried, 4 this phenomenon would have remained a secret of the Nature that gavo birth to it. She yields her treasures to euch only as four not.' "I bad rend In a book of Huygens, Guinand, Nowton, Hcrscliel— the great high-priests of science who had striven through patient years to road the hieroglyphics of the heavens. 'The Wise imbeciles,' I thought. 1 They toiled and died and Nature held no mirror up to them. For mo, the poor Camille, she has worked in secret while they grew old and pau«ed unsatisfied.' 41 Brilliant projects of astronomy whirled in my brain. The evening of my last discovery I remained out on the hills, and eiitarad the cave as it grew dusk. A feeling of awe surged in mo as dark fell over the valley and the lirat stars glistened faintly. I dipped under the fan of wator and took my stand in the hollow behind it. There was no moon but my telescope was inclined, as it were, at a gener ous angle, and a section of the firmament was open before mo. My heart beat fast as I lookcu through the lens. -v 44 Shall I tclPyou what I saw, then and man' nights after ? Rings and crosses in the heavens of golden mist, spangled us it seemed with jewels. Stars as big as cartwheels, twinkling points no longer, but round like groat booses of molten fire. Things shadowy, luminous, of strange colors and stranger forms, that soemcd to brush the waters as they passed, but were in reality vast distances away. 14 Sometimes the thrust of wind up the ravine would produce a tremulous motion in the image at the focus of the mirror ; but this was seldom. For tlio most j>art the wonderful lenses pre sented a stead curvature, not flawless, but of magnificent capacity. 44Now it flashed upon me that, when the moon was at the full. sho would top the valley in the direct path of my teiescojxi'b range of view. At the thought I grew exultant. I — I, little Camille, should first read aright the history of this strange ratelite. The instru ment that could give shape to the etars would interpret to mo the composition of that lonely orb as clearly as though I stood upon her Bur- face. 44 As the time of her fulncsB drew -near I ""'grow feverish with excitement. I wao sicken ing, as it were, to mj madness, for never more should I look upon her willingly, with eyes either speculative or insane." At this poiufc Camille broke off for a little space, end lay back on his pillow. When he spoke again it was out of the darkness with his face turned to the wall. "Monsieur, I cannot dwell upon it ; I must hasten. We have no right to peer beyond the boundary God has drawn for us. I saw Hi3 hell— I saw His hell, I tell you. It iB peopled . with the damned — silent — horrible — distorted in the midst of ashes and desolation. It was a memory that, like the snake of Aaron, duvourod all others till yesterday — till yu&terday;, by Christ's morcy." """ It seemed to me, as the days wore on, that Camille had but recovered his reason at the expense of hia life ; that the long rest deemed \- necessary for him after his bitter period of brain exhaustion might in the end prove an everlasting one. Possibly the blow to his head had, in expelling the seven devils, wounded bovond cure the vital function that had fostered them. He lay white, patient and oweefc tem pered to all, but moved by no inclination to rise and reassumc the many colored garment of life. His description of the dreadful dcocrfc in tho sky, I looked upon merely as an abiding memory of the brain phantasm that had finally overthrown a reason already tottering under the tromendous excitement induced by hia dis covery of the lenses and magnified images they hod presented to him. Time thero was truth in the asserted fact of the existence of these, my own experience convinced me ; and curio sity as to this alone impelled me to the deter mination of investigating further when my hand should be sufficiently recovered to act .as no hindrance to me in forcing my way once more through the dense wocus that bounded tho waterfall. Moreover, the dispassionate in quiry of a mind less sensitive to the pictures que might in the result do more towards restor ing the warped imagination of my friend to its normal state, thou any amount of spoken scepticism. To Camille I said nothing of mv resolve ; but waited on, chafing at the elow healing of my wounds. In the meantime the period of the full moon approached and I decided, at what ever cost, to make tho venture on the evening sho topped her orbit, if circumstances at the worst should prevent my doing so sooner— and thus it turned out. On the eve of my enterprise, the first fair spring of rain in a drought of two months fell, to my disappointment, among tho hills; for I feared an increase of tho torrent and the effnccmcnt of the mighty lens. I set off, however, on the afternoon of the following day, in hot sunshine, mentally prog nosticating a favorable termination to my expe dition, and telling Madame Barbitre not to expect me back till late. In leisurely fashion I made my way along tho track we had previously traversed, risking no divergence through ovcrhaste, and carefully examining all landmarks before deciding on any . direction. Thus slowly proceeding, I had the good fortune to come within sound of the cataract as the buu was sinking behind the mountain ridges to my front, and presently emerged from the woods at the very spot we hail struck in' our former journey together. A chilly twilight reigned in the ravine, and the noise that came up from the ruin of the torrent seemed doubly accented by Teason of it. The sound of water moving in darkness has always conveyed to me an impression of something horrible and deadly, be it nothing of more moment than tho drip and hollow tinkle of a gutter pipe. But the crash in this echoing gorgo was appalling indeed. . For some .moments I stood on the brink of the slope, looking across at the great knife of tlie fall with a little shiver of fear. Then I shook myself, laughed, and without further ado, took my courage in hand and scrambled down tho declivity and up aguin towards the cleft in tho rocks. Horetbe chill of heart gripped me enec more, the watery sliding tumid locked fio eril in the contracting gloom. A-rahe stop in that humid chamber and my hones would pound and crackle cn the rocks 40 feet below. It mufet be gone through with now, however ; and taking a long breath I set foot in the passage under the curv ing downpour, drawn taut as an arched muscle. Beaching the burnt recces, a few momenta sufficed to restore my self- confidcnco; and without further hesitation I dived under the inner little ten- shaped fall, which was thero indeed as Camille lmd described it, and recovered my balance wish pulses drumming thicker than I could have uosired. In a moment I became conscious that some great power was before me. Acroaa a vast, irregular disc filled with the ashy whiteness of the outer twilight, strange unaccountable forms, misty and undefined, passed and repassed and vanished. Cirrus thev miit have been, or the shadows flung by homing flights of birds— but of this I could not ho certain. As tho dusk deepened they allowed uo more, and presently I gazed only into a violet tethomlea3 dark ness. My own excitement was now groat, and I found some difficulty in kooping it under con trol. But for the moment, it oecmpd to mo, I pined greatly for free comiuunc with the liboral atmosphere of earth. Therefore I dipped under fjho little fall and mado my cautious way to the margin of tho cataract. I was sufjJrisod to find for how long a timo the phenomenon bad absorbed mc. The moon was already high in the heavens, and making towards the ravine with rapid sfccp3. Far below, the tumbling waters flashed in her rays, and on all ciileo grewt tiers of solemn trees stood up at attention to salute her. When her disc silvered the inner rira of the slope I had descended, I roturacU to my post of observation with tingling norves. The field ef the great object lous was already suffuBed with the radiance of her approach. Suddenly my pupils shrank before the appari tion of a ghastly grey light, and all in a inomept I was face to face with a segment of desolation more horrible than any desert. Monstrous growths of leprosy that had bubbled up and stiffened ; fields of ashen slira — the sloughing of a .world of corruption ; lulls of demon fungus swollen with the fatness of putre faction ; and, in the midst of all, diin convulsed shapes wallowing, protruding, or stumbling aimlessly ouwaids tiil they sank and disap peared. Madame Barbital threw up her lmnda when she let me in at the door. My appearance no doubt was ghastly. I know, not tho hour nor the lapse of time covered by my wanderings about tlip hills, my face hidden in my palms, a drawn feeling about my heart, my lips mutter ing—muttering fragments of prayers and my throat jerking with horriblo laughter. For hours I lay face downwards on my bed, 44 Monsieur has seen it?" . 44 1 have soen it, Caihillo." 44 1 heard the rain on the hills. The lens will have been blurred. Monsieur has been spared much." _ "God in His mercy pity thee, Camille— mid forgive mc my sins." 44 He has held out his white hand to mo. I go, when I go, with a Bafe conduct." He wont before the week was out. Tho drought had broken, and for five days the thunder crashed and the wild rain swept tho mountains. On the morning of tho sixth a drenched shepherd reported in tho village that a land-dip had chokod the tell of Buot and com pletely altered its shape. Madame Barbifero broke into the room whore I was sitting with Camille, big with the news. She little guessed how it affected her listeners. 41 Tho Jion Dicu" emd Camille, whan she had gone, 44 has thundered Hib curso on Nature for revealing His secrets. I, who have pone- tratcd into the forbidden, must perish." 44 And I, Oamillc ?" Ho turned to me with a melanoholy Bwoct smile and answored, paraphrasing tlie dying word? of certain noblo lipa : 44 lie good? Monsieur ; be good." 