MODERATION AND DICKENS, Of courso this is a. largo sub-joflfc, and individuals owl {ivmW'ion lira w diffr-retitly aituattwi that it io difficult to preaeuibe tot; all. I.baTo at boa. thought when X bare fifaae to holiday resorts and seen what some people call enjoyment, what a pity for -human beings to make beasts and idiots of themselves at this beautiful season, commemorating the timo when the angels first sang ' Peace on earth aud goodwill toward men.' Then again, I am afraid even in our homes, the., homes of tbe respectable upper and middle classes, in our efforts to have plenty of creature comforts (especially on Xmas Day) wa are apt to loso sight of the real reason of our gathering together as families and friends. It would be well, I think, if fathers or beads of households made a littlo speech on that day to remind the elders- find teach the little ones why that period is annually sot apart as a time of rejoicing, then I think our youtigr folks' enjoyment wonld be moro rational and subdued, aud riot so likely to run to excess. Some folks, both young and old, think- they cau do aud say any silly thing ao U)is timo, They will say, ' Oh, Christmas cSmes but once a yoar^' and they think it givos them license to act in such a' way that they would be ashamed of at any other time. Even tbo poor can enjoy/ themselves in a rational way. What a beautiful picture Dickons gives of Bob Cratchit and his family. What innocent fun and real enjoyment we have there. It would do us all good to read 'Marjey's Ghost and Mrs. Peck's Xmas' Pudding' annually. It would make us try to help others and more contented with our own lot. With regardjto the remainder of the festive season ,let all who cau, espocially thoso living in town, get into tbe country or to the sea vsi'de, and enjoy all tho fresh air thoy can ; they will be the J-etter for it both iu body nnd mTnd, if they keep in mind the maxim ''Moderation in all things.' I do like to see folks enjoy themselves in their holidays. As far as my own family is concerned they generally stay at home on holidays and play tennis,, and practice jokes.on one another, and have their young friends coming in and out to join them, while I look on and have my pleasure iu watehiug theirs. — Mother Cheistsias. . 