NOVEL. The Kiss of Gold. By RATS JORDAN. CHAPTER X— .(Continued'.! Everything was dark as she went blindly from the room. She had a faint intention of going out in tho rain, — a sense of supreme and awful loneliness. The door closed upon her, and she would have stumbled had not sironar arms caught her. She looked up. and saw Richard Monklow. One glance at his face, drained of the hue of life under neath tho brown, the lips contracted, the kind eyes sad. and she saw he had heard all. I asked for too much. Porget my words, Virginia,' he said, when he could speak. 4 For cret all, save these, — that I can only live it you will let me serve you, and some times be near you. I am yours. Use mo as you will.' CHAPTER XI. Delatole was dressing to dine out. As he straggled with a collar-button he turned his head to listen to the lazy lilt of a song com ing trom a room across the hall. His face wore an ill-humored frown. It was very evi dent that the sung and the singer impressed him with equal unpleasantness. 'Do stop that humming, for God's sake !' he cried out, at last. ' It's enough to drive ono mad.' Tnere was no reply, and a few moments later Tom lounged across the hall. He was veiy different from the wavering, tempted man who rushed from Virginia's presence that snowy night almost two years before. His face had lost the flashing earnestness that rose from an ecstatic heart. It had taken on resolute lines and au ex pression of worldly subtlety. The cheeks were siightly hollowed, the eyes placidly heavy, cold, showing the haggard lines of dissipation. Was I singing? I swear I didn't know it,' he said, languidly. Delatole surveyed him with a cold, un changing glance. Still in your blouse aud slippers. "Won't you look in upon the theatre-party at all ?' I don't care a hang about it.' 4 Aren't yon afraid Mrs. Baudoine will sendout a search-warrant for you?' 4 Let her send.' 4 Cool, tor a prospective oriclegroom. 4 Prospective idiot !' And Tom settled himself very comfortably on his back on a low . divan. 4 I'll never marry Mrs. Bandoine. As the girl in the song says, 4 Something tells me so.' Couldn't you, with your managerial tactics, help me out of that scrape ? You know she did all the run ning — not I.' Delatole drew on his gloves in silence. He grew very white, an'! when he carao to the loot ot the di van aud let Ids eyes travel slowly over Tom's supine length, a rage only half controlled made his lips tremble. 4 In my opinion,' he said, slowly, with emphasis, 4 you'll be in a fair way to need the material help of Mrs. Baudoine'a money very soon.' 4 Really ? Oh, then there are times when marriage seems good unto yon?' And a burning glance was flashed at him from be- neatn Tom's lowered lids. 4 My opinion about marriage has not al tered m the least. But if a man can only fail, it he can't even support himself, the most practical thing is to find some woman silly enough to shoulder the responsibility.' 4 Go on. Your English grows xnoro vigor ous day by day. it's really a liberal educa tion to be allowed to hear you. Surely you . haven't finished yet? You said more than this yesterday.' 4 No, I haven't finished. I want to re mind you once more that you owe me money. More than that. I want it. I'm sick of yonr spiritless languor. I never knew a man who let himself drop as you have done. Because you go at a rapid pace is no reason why you should go mentally. I haven't. But you can't drink at all, without drinking too much / and keeping it up too long, la fact, you ' are an extremist in everything. There's a '(genius in moderation.' 1 4 Don't slop for breath. I am athirst for Jtherest. More, — more,' said Tom, without Ijmoving an eyelash. >!: < v/in Jiall kdva if. all fPViA fimA T>fJn Anm ftfor plain talking,' and there was a savage ifknarl in the words. 4 1 waat my money. It deemed there was some hope of getting it ©from this Baudoine marriage, as I don't believe you'll write another word.' J? 4 Don't you ?' 4 No. It may be you've tried and can't — Sit may be you don't care. In either case I've vbeen bitterly disappointed in you. You're /the last embryo genius I'll put on a pedestal. ©Genius ? By heaven ! that's rich. Why, if/you've fallen into psychical ruin. You ex- /hausted yourself in 4 The World's Way.' ' y; An unwilling, dusky red started up in Tom's hollowed cheek. It ebbed slowly ...away, as, opening his eyes wide, he smiled |at Delatole with an expression of positive | hatred. 4 That is one of these charmingly soothing ©speeches we must learn to expect from those SyWe live with. But you are wrong. The gjfarouble lies here. I unfortunately must still gibe sincere, and must put something of myself :;hato everything 1 write. When one believes ' xn and cares for to little, it is very hard. I i have not yet matched your stride, you seo, — /you who with one arm round your neighbor's wife could write an essay on the beauty of . morality.' The door banged, and Delatole's footsteps "grew fainter in the echoing passage, in the silence that followed, Tom still lay motionless, Jus wide-open eyes fixed upon the ceiling, : the small unobtrusive sounds of a quiet room /fluttering the loneliness that settled around him. |p 'How I hatohim !' and, though the words siS/ ' ' , were but a whisper, their reality was intense. He thought of the past. That year in PariB, — every detail of it returned to liim as he lay there, — that crowded, riotous, unholy year. His first taste of pleasure ; his exuberant appreciation of life carrying him along with the rush of a laughing stream going down-hill ; the new, fevered atmosphere ; the days spinning by in a sort of moral vertigo ; tho crowd that called him to follow where it was brightest, that brightness lining the sheer descents of vioe. And now ? Now he was bach in familiar New York, bound by honor to a woman who wearied him, inclined to rid himself of the obligations he had assumed in the beginning through sheer disinclination to the trouble of resisting, following pleasure with a fore knowledge of weariness, in debt to Delatole while straining at the worn-out cord that bound them, struggling against the mad dening inactivity that- palsied his faculties in the art still dear to him. A sharp, quivering breath came from his lips. Delatole had spoken truly. Something had withered within him, or in the degrada tion of his life he had lost it forever. He had striven to write, and always in vain. His ideas were no longer vivid, stirring, flowing to a logical sequence, but dim, abortive, a haze of tangled threads. Heaps of closely-written paper, upon which the best efforts of his brain had been expended with the feverish intensity a man feels in rnnning a race, had been cast aside as worth less. The day was surely coming when his world would know the truth, and liken him n il. L Vkl rtOOnmo I AJ U> piUllb tuati pUIB lUltJ-l iflUiUUU iuwobwuio once, and withers in a night. How miserably he had failed ! "Was there no escape from social annihilation, except by trading on the infatuation of a woman ten years older than himself ? And once — once — when he had thought like one inspired, and honor was a shining reality in his life, he had betrayed love for a chimera. But he must not remember that, and least of all to night, in tho silence, when his thoughts were like knives in his heart He stood up, shivering, and trom habit turned to the sideboard. He half filled a goblet with brandy, and laughed aloud as the decanter clinked again «t the glass in his baud, a laugh that subsided to a chuckle and rose again, beating upon the stillness like the wings of a caged bird. 4 It wouldn't be out of order to drink a toRst to my own defeat.' When he re-entered his studio a few moments later, his eyes wereflaming, though the smile, a hideous contortion, lingered on his lips. An open letter on his disordered desk faced him as he sat down. The closing lines caught his eye : 4 1 will finally withdraw 4 The World's Way' from the road in a fortnight. Now that four-act society drama is what I'm waiting for. In two years I've had only two curtain-raisers from you, — rags of things that only drew at all because your name was to them. Tf T can't rely on you, I must look elsewhere. If you're not going to write any more, for God's sake say so. 4 George Plunkett.' He read it and tore it to bits. There was a sob in his throat as his eager hands went searching through the mass of papers for f 1 (ll f > n n Oil nlnfo Ttnfaa %£ «<?Aaa nn4- worth the leaves they were scrawled upon. He would not even leave a scrap. All should be destroyed. And these crowded, dusty drawers, they too must be emptied, lest some day when he bad sunk into comfortable apathy, with only a profound respect for the well-being of the body, he might open them, and hear each fluttering leaf whisper how he had once dreamed a dream. He worked with an. eager intensity, as if following his heart's desire, even went on his knees and scattered the scrawled sheets right and left, then paused abruptly and looked with puzzled eyes at what he had dragged out, — a long roll of manuscript, dusty and tied with gray tape. He did not remember it, had never seen it before. Yet wait : now that it lay unfolded before him, a fully- written play, he did recall the title, — 4 Doctor Ploming.' Just before his departure for Europe, a distinguished-looking man, in the traditional shabbiness of unrecognised merit had called on him with this play, asking in a shy, em barrassed way that he, the splendidly pros perous young author, would read it, and tell mm wKflf. if a mnrifo wAi>a Win AV-J UlwilVO 1TGIO JLAIO were never touched by his servant. It had lain forgotten in his desk for more than a year. And the man who had bronght it — where was he ? Still kneeling among the mass of dusty papers, he turned the leaves. A letter fluttered to the ground : 'DeabBir, — ' I enclose this note, as it may not , be pos- rib'.e to have an interview with you. The play 4 Doctor Fleming,' which I beg you to read as a favor to me, has for its basis in cidents in my own life. The soene in Russia is particularly accurate, and I think presents a dramatic situation distinctly new. 4 Yours respectfully, 4 Felix Dawson, 4 No. — Bedford St. 4 P.S. — If you ' can find time to look it over you will be doing me an inestimable favor. I beg that j'ou will be careful of it, as I have no copy, and, even though it' prove commercially worthless, it is very uear wj me. 4 Very dear to you,' Tom said, slowly. 4 1 know just how you felt, Mr. Felix Daw son, when you wrote those words. Very dear to you. You shall have yonr treasure back.' He turned the first page with a pitying, half- languid interest, but only the first. After he felt amid the destruction of his own work, paying tribute with enraptured senses to the genins of another man. The manu script fluttered to the floor when the last climax was reached, —a climax that made every nerve vibrate aud awoke his senses like a trumpet- call, — and with strained, hot hands he grasped the chair. He looked around the silent room and down at the bundle of half-furled papers. Oh, that imaginary life pictured there through laughter and sighing, like gems through dust and tears! It was more precious than a magician's wando 4 If it were mine! — if it were mine!' ha said, aloud, and a woman's laugh drifted up from the street, as if she had heard that cry and mocked him. He sprang up and turned the key in the door. Then he stood listening. The action was guilty, almost before the thought : 4 Ne one will know — if I make it mine.' It was foolish to tremble so, of coarse. The cold drops on his forehead were foolish too, and his fast-beating heart. 4 No ono will know, ho said again, and there was a note of defiant joy in the breath less cry as he picked up the play. A sound attracted his attention. It was the far-away throbbing of a street-band, the air a Gorman battle march. It was long since he had heard its heavy, rolling sweet ness, with that flowing nnderboat of sadness creeping in like a knell for many of the mul titude who marched onward to its swing. 'A flicker of pain crossed his uneasy eyes. He Irriotrr mjLrp.li Virmnifl fiorl nfhem played it, and it pulsed through the warm night with a wake of memories. Her face in its diurnal beauty, rose before him, then a slim, white- robed body floated to join the face, an arm, a hand with finger poidting at the play, crushed in his grasp. Yes, her very voice was in. his ears. 4 You will not — yon will not steal it, Tom ; you could not fall as low as that.' He dropped into a chair, hiding his face upon his clinched handc. A sadden nostalgia weighed sickeningly upon him. 1 You will not steal it, Tom,' rang the voice in his sonl. But he looked up again after a while. Her face was gone. The Germain march had dwindled to an echo. 4 Yes, I will,' he said, steadily, as if defy- ng an invisible mentor. 4 I'll take it. I'll not be a fool. It's a chance to redeem my self ; and I cannot let it go. I can't. The man who wrote it must he dead— he is, dead — and — there's no copy of it. I can choke down Delatole's sneers, — I can pay my debts — I can start afresh. It will be life, hope, bread to my soul. I'm not going to let a fancy befool me. If it had fallen from heaven it could not have come -more opportunely. Conscience ? Bah !' But for all his bravado the violence of the temptation made him stand petrified peering into the shadowy corners. Every oreak in the silent hous9 appalled him as he mentally weighed the chances for and against detec-. tion. He passed his hand across his trem bling lips, his narrowed eyes upon the locked door. 4 I'll do it,' he whispered. All night he bent over the pages, copying the play, here and there touching it with wit that came to him then with diabolical readiness. His heart warmed over it. It seemed to become his own by tbe . mere changing of tbe names of places and people. He left no chanoe fragment of the original play to betray him, nor of the letter, and even tried to forget the man's name. By morning all was done, and done well. As he stood up, a wan and haggard ghost, a crimson hazo swept in, enveloping him like a blur of blood, and the lamps of a new day tvaia Hf in tTin naaf CHAPTER XII. From that day Tom was never alone. His secret went with him everywhere. When after a month's hurried preparation Hie play, reohristened 4 In the Name of the Czar,' was put Defore the public and be knew again the intoxication of praise and applause, his secret had much to say to him of a confi- denial and contemptuous nature : 4 If these people only knew the truth ! . Can't you fancy how the friendly hand-clasp would grow startled, cold, and the fingers leave yours as if they had touched something unclean ? Yon have the arena all to your self. The plaudits are all yours. "They do not know. But I do, I do.' He listened with a growing equanimity to these whisperings. Ho saw the philosophy of getting on the friendliest terms with his secret, since it would never leave him. Be sides, he possessed it absolutely. He never considered that some day it might possess him. It was now early in December. The theatres had juBt deluged Broadway with thousands of matinee-goers. The evening was slushy, the air damp and warm. Rose- leaf tints flecked the smoky vapor of the sky. At the perspective of the crowded street, crawling like a luminous' cleft between vast masses of rook, the humidity had heaped - itself into a low-hanging, pink cloud. Tom came oat of the stasre entrance, paused to light a cigar, and strolled toward Broadway. He had not risen until three o'clock. The day was just beginning for him. His face bud the opaque whiteness debauchery leaves, and, warm though it was, the occasional dabs of damp air struck through him, carrying a depressing chill. . As he turned the corner the currents of people eddied around him. His wandering glance alighted with butterfly swiftness on the trifles that sway a crowd, the eyes strained, piteous, dark with an arraignment, a challenge. Tom's jaded heart snddenly livened with an awful fear. But he did not pause. The streets swayed aronnd him as he walked on. Once he turned as if to glance at some flowers in a florist's shop, and he saw the pale lamplight and the gray dusk casting a weird radiance over the face. He was being followed. He seemed to hear those dogging steps above the multitude of footfalls on every side. A hansom stood idle at a corner. He sprang into it, telling the man to drive fast, and sank back, feeling bewildered, stunned, sick. Felix Dawson, the man he had defrauded, was alive. It had been so easy for Tom with the com fortable suppleness of his nature to assume that this man's long silence had meant his death, and gradually to assimilate this sup position until it became a surety. He had never realized the enormity of his act before. Felix Dawson bad been but a shadowy memory to mm, a name, me naci taaen nis play, and by tortuous, sophistical vein of reasoning this fact had grown to seem scarcely worse than if he had only destroyed it, since no one was injured. It was so different, now that he knew Felix Dawson was not dead, — no longer a memory, but a man, following him, his heart fired by this wrong; a man with eyes to scorch and voice to bo raised in condemnation ; an opponent to face, to fear. His coming meant ruin, disgrace bofore the world, but it meant also a sadden, sickening awakening to the nature and con- seqnenoes of bis act, a shame and hatred of himself. He was a thief in the commonest sense. When the horse was pulled up at the curb before his door, it was almost a shock. He had beeu sitting upright, his hands grasping the apron of the hansom, looking straight , ahead, but blind, not even aware that it had commenced to train. Delatole called to him as he went down the hall. He paid no heed, and, entering his a t uuy | ixuiig xiLuiaeii IUIG a uiiait. JJUIO iau« was clammy and wan. Something must be done. What ? What could he say when helix Da arson faced him? What defence could he make ? That he was coming he was absolutely sure. Ho must be near now. Perhaps in five minutes he would cross the threshold. Suppose Delatole heard him. Suppose the blow fell that afternoon. He sat absolutely still, his eyes fixed upon the door, his veins holding a fluid, icy terror instead of blood. At last, to his intense relief, Delatole thrust his head in, saying, — 4 Are you going to dine here ? Well, I'll be back in time to have a demie-tasse with you. I want to seo yon, Dou't go out.' The danger of betrayal over for the moment, Tom breathed more freely.. He crossed to tbe window and flung it up, letting tbe rain dash upon his face. The chaos in his brain was rent snddenly by one sententious thought ; 4 This man you dread has no proof.' No proof. The words sang in his brain, the denuded trees creaked them, the wind laughed in glee. 4 Defy him. Defeat him. He is power less. You are strong.' The bell in tbe passage gave a whispering tinkle. Tom turned, scarcely surprised. The moment had come. 4 Mr. Murray, sir, a gentleman to see you,' said the English valet. 4 Show him in hero. If any one else comes, I'm out. Remember.' He was lighting a cigar with an affecta tion of carelessness, his back to the door, as the visitor entered. In reality his musoles were braoed to a painful rigidity, his face was greenish white. He was prepared to deny the charge absolutely, to decry the man as mad. 4 No proof. No copy. No eye saw you. It is your word against his.' "Rro fin/1 Kw Q A/\ttaA natiainfilaaa! aumiMonnA juiui/bu J ) uuoiuuuioon uoouittUbo in the stability of the lie on which he had surely builded, he looked Felix Dawson in the eyes, and then his plan of defence shrivelled, his heart melted within him for very pity. This was not an accuser come to demand jusiice. This was a man in whom the fires of life had died. HiB eyes were graves of dead illusions. So might one look who had parted with hope and stood with outstretched, empty hands, crying to fate, in tones of embittered triumph, — (To bb continued.) 