POINTS. [By Needls.] The Daily. Thefts o£ Bicycles axe Getting very ' tyring.** . » No less than six charges In tho police court this morning. Derby is to have a new well sunk for domestic and stock purposes. All's well that ends well. «; It is amusing to note with what Frantic- haste some of the variety artists' m our midst take their encore nightly. Messrs. Burt and Throssell are now he only two Ministers in town. ' A Burt m the hand is worth two in the bush.' \ # Our detective force should be galvan ised into activity when Dampier opens on the 19th of next month, in 'Eobbery ? Under Arms.' Mary had a little calf That would, no larger grow, And when her rational were on She was a holy show. ' At Homes' are all the go, but the record one will be the Queen's Jubilee celebration, when Her Majesty and all the Premiers and their Premieresses will be at home. ? To my friends expecting remittances1 Vtwill come as an item' of joyful infor mation to know that many of the addresses by the Oraiava's mails are so indistinct that delivery to the right people will be extremely difficult. Cue residents have presented their late registrar, Mr. C. U. Bagot, with an illuminated address and a purse of sovereigns. Yon can't beat popularity now-a-days; and with sovereigns about, too, you O. II. bag it ! In the butchering case yesterday, it' came out in evidence that Mr. Holmes received his information originally from Corporal Love. Hence Constabla Greene's appearance in court. H'm ! ' Love's' all right. Jealousy 'tis said1, is a green-eyed monster. It never rains but it pours, and while the new Eoyal is to be opened by Westemacott's Company ,Mr. Dampier's dramatic forces play in opposition at the Town Hall. Talking or scarcity of water — well it never rains but it pour3 and at last we'll find it Damp — ier. 'Mr. Mooney is going to kick Mr. Lucifer, and Mr. Lucifer is going to kick Mr. Mooney.' Such is the latest bulletin from the Fayre. I would like, however, to inform my readers that ? this polite intimation and exchange of compliments is merely in reference to a high-kicking match. A letter has reached this office, in which the writer, speaking of a short article in yesterday's issue dealing with thieves and confidence men, suggests that I should join the /detective force. He thinks I might probably secure the position occupied by——. Well, one never knows what he may come to one of these days. Concerning tho stationmaster at Coolg-nrdie, Mi\ Greatrex, it is stated, will probably take action against the Eastern colony papers for having pub_ lished a statement saying that ho ha^ been arreated in connection with the recent railway station robbery. TwQ big journals out of their dopth, wha^. greater wrecks may we now look for 5 ' And you bet 50dol. against lOOdol. that Stryker would win the fight? Why, he hasn't the ghost of a chance. He isn't in Muggsy's class s.t ail. Muggsy would knock him out ia less than a dozen rounds. You'll loos.1 your money to a dead certainty.' ' That's all right. Don't you worry a cent's worth about me. I know the referee.' One of the elected Convention candi dates tells a neat story against himself? On the morning hia success was an nounced, he asked his wife if ho would bring home some pork sausages from, their favored city shop. ' Oh, I . couldn't trust you to do that to-day,', laughingly replied the lady, ' for I'm sure you are quite incapable of carrying ' thought of sausages and your opinion of yourself in your mind at the same time.' This judical mot is recorded of Sir George Jessel, the late master of the Eolls when sitting with Mr. Justice Bacon. A demented and enraged suitor who had been unsucces ful threw an egg at him iu the corridor of the courts, which narrowly missed the judge's head. Smilingly, Sir George turned round, and calmly remarked to the astonished bystanders, ' I think that must have been intended for my brother Bacon !' Apparently business enterprise arid shrewdness do not count in a political contest. Mr. Armstrong, holder of the undignified position of bottom man iu the N.S.W. Convention vote, has laid the foundation of a new city for New South Wales. He saw the possibilities of Laka Elawarra, formed a company to turn it into a harbor right in tho centre of a large coalfield, and there the Smelting Company of Australia, an extensive corporation, has located ita works. A few yeara hence the proba bilities favor a large population being settled at Illawarra. O, don't you remember sweet Alice, Ben. Bolt, Sweet Alice, so shyly refined, Who'd blush like a rose when her card , inal hose Were exposed by a freak of the wind? There's a great transformation inAlice, Een Bolt ; Her blushes no longer are seen — ' She rides every day, dressed in bloomer array, On the deck of a high-grade machine A correspondent tells the following of a friend of his who entered a sawmill for the first time :— He saw a circular saw which had been left running. Thinking it was a plain disc, he touched it with his finger, and was surprised to see the finger severed from the hand. While he was still wonderingly looking at the damaged hand, the man in charge of the saw returned, and asked what was the matter ; to which tho stranger replied— ' Oh ! I only just touched it this way,' placing another finger vn the saw, and having it immediately cut ofl', as before. Next ! Cairns (Q.) is .blessed, or otherwise with an amateur dramatic society, and a battle royal lately took place am on' the members as to whether the club should be styled the ' Cain.s Amateur Theatrical Society' or the 'Cairns Amateur Dramatic Society.' Tho De mosthenes of tho occasion, say3 Figaro, asked the voters to consider the titles, C.A.T.S. and C.A.D.S. and to picture to themselves how the latter would look on their coat of arni3, as it were. So the majority plunged for cats. What will the lady metnbei-a say to being styled cats? The choice is very ungal lant, if not worse, towards the she males. 