WATERLOO TO MANSION HOUSE. VIA THE BED OF THE RIVER A STROLL UNDER THE THAMES. Few people outside the metropolis, and not many people Londoners, know that deep down beneath the b<M of the Thames, for more than two yearn past, a little army of men has busy, week after week, month after month, day and night, driving eaat nnd west tho twin tunnels that are destined ulti mately to connect Waterloo with the City., The outward and visible sign of this gigantic undertaking Is the Immense wooden staging which rears its contort ed form above the muddy waters of the river Just north of lUnckfriani Urldge ; and thither, one morning, recently, the writer wended his way, armed with the necessary iiermlt to view the works. There Is one way, and one way only, to get to the tunnels, and that Is by climb ing down an apparently endless series of ladders, affixed against the Inside of a sort of gigantic drain-pipe— technic ally termed a cofferdam— which has been sunk through the Thames mud. beneath the river-bed, deep down Into the greasy, blue clay upon which Lon don stands. It Is an eerie feeling. The round blotch of blue sky above grows smaller and smaller as 1 descend. The darkness becomes more and more pro found. At first the listening ear catches perforce the swish, swish, swish, of tho river, plashing sullenly round the out side of the big, cast-iron tube. Then silence. Then, after a long Interval, the sound of voices comes floating up from the bottom of the well, mingled with the clanging of Iron against Iron, and- the muflled throbbing of a pair of glgnntlc pumps. Presently I reach the foot of the shaft, und, after donning a suit of workman's clothes, plunge Into one of the yawning CAVERN'S THAT HHAN'CH OFF In cither direction. It Is not nn alto gether pleasant experience. At Inter vals n bulb lamp throws a ghastly splotch of white nguinst the grey con crete walls, und makes n feeble at tempt to penetrate a few feet Into tho surrounding gloom. Elsewhere it is darkness— darkness that may almost bo felt. It Is quite dry, however? for tho tunnel along which I am slowly making my way Is in reulity nothing more than n gigantic druln-plpc laid east Und west beneath the bed of the rivet'. Only It Is un empty pipe, Into which no water from the outside Is allowed to perco late. 1 light a cigarette, and nm beginning to feel quite comfortable, when all of a sudden the two tiny steel rails that run along the centre of the floor of tho tunnel begin to quiver and hum; a red light, like unto a monster eye, appears suddenly in the near distance, and the next instant I am jerked sharply back against tha wall, nnd n whisper— which is really a shout, strangled at Us birth by the approaching ronr of the locomo tive— bids me make myself as small as possible. Needless to say, 1 obey my guide with alacrity, and a moment Inter a perky-looldng little engine dashes pnst, trailing behind It a long row of "skips" filled with freshly excavated clay. It Is worked by electrfn power Willi an overhead wire, the steel rolls upon which the engine runs completing the circuit, and there is much splutter ing of blue nnd red sparks umicr the wheels as It dlsupi>cftrs in the direction of the shaft. Twenty minutes' sharp walking, and wo And our further progress barred by a solid mass of masonry— more than Tft thick my guide tells me— In the centre of which Is A CIRCULAR STEEL DOOR. This Is an nir-lock, nnd through It we must pnss If we desire to contluue our explorations; all work on the other side being performed under compressed ntr. While we are walling tho arrlvul of the lock-keeper, my guldo explains briefly tho system under which this compressed air is employed to prevent the water bursting in. It is nil very beautiful and simple— In theory. The engineers know, or are supposed to know, how many million cubic feet of water and water bearing strata are nbovu their tunnel: ami, to counteract the downward pres sure of the superincumbent mnss, they pump Into ttuil portion of the works situated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain extra qunntlty of nlr. The difficulty is. of course, to know Just when to stop. If you pump In too little tho resultant pressure Is Insuf ficient, and the water comes In; too much, and you are liable to blow up the bed of the river. It is not exactly a nice sensation— that of going through nn air-lock for tho And lime. If we could conceive of a man, living ail his life on the top of Mount THune, suddenly transported to sea- level, It Is probable he would suffer much as I did. As soon as I was seated In the empty lock— which .by the way. In much like the interior of a big, empty boiler— nnd the AIR BEGAN TO ItUSlI IN. a scries of extraordinary and exceed ingly painful sensations promptly made themselves manifest. The drums of my ears were forced In until It seemed as if they must burst; and my entire body felt as If swathed In some gigantic, close-flttlng nnd yet Invisible shroud, which was being drawn lighter and lighter by a giant's grip until the blood almost censed to circulate. Hut, worst of nil. was it horrible sense of Impend ing suffocation, due to the lungs being unable ult nt once to accommodate themselves to their now environment. I was Just about to cry out that I could bear It no longer, when the rush of the Incoming ulr-blaat grew perceptibly loss, nnd Anally ceased altogether, th door opposite to that by which we en tered was swung open, and we were In the tunnel aguin, walking about under nn alr-prcssure of 301b to the souure Inch. A few momenta sufllced to take us to the tunnel head, where dozens of half- naked, brawny giants are delving away Into tho unknown. There is no iron pipe above our heads now. Nothing hut a thin layer of cluy and mud, and the sullen waters of the Thames, kept from overwhelming us only by that mysteri ous. invisible, and yet fearfully potent air-pressure. Hy tljls lime, however, I suffer no Inconvenience. The compress- ed air 1ms penetrated to every part of my system, the pressure within und without the body Is equal, and T feel practically the snmo as before I pUsued through the lock. There is n difference, however, and iny guide convinces mo of It hy a curi ous little experiment worked by myself, lie bids me whistle, and when I obedi ently make the attempt, I And that t can only succeed In producing a slight, hissing sound, the very ghost of a whis tle, as It were. Evidently my lungs were not used to expelling air under double pressure. Luckily, no small hoys arc employed In this part of the tunnel, or what would become nf them under this restraint It Is dimoult lo convolve Annthej curious fact! The men Ana It practically Impossible to boil water, the boiling point hsing 4J4F., or praotftcly double what It Is outside. A few drops heated to this pitch would bum ono like vitriol. Tho passage hack through tho nlr-loelc Is accomplished without any untowurd Incident, and twenty minutes later I em sitting In tho private nfllcu of th» en gineer of the works, Jotting down a few statistics. Tho first pile of the "coffer dam" was, it appears, driven on 30th June, 18!M, and excavating began In No vember following, Tho tunnels are J2ft 91 n in djainotnr, and are constructed on what Is known as tho tubular system. I.e., each tunnol is practically ono Im mense pipe of wrought Iron, bo)ted to gether In segments, and lined through out with cement. The total length of the llnu from Waterloo to the Maodton House will be a mllu and a half, and there will be no Intermediate stations, and, of course, no stoppages en routs.— Xsotea Batty Matt," 