MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. It is rumored that King Hedley is for the purchase of a wellknown local hostelry. We understand that the Crenurne Gardens will shortly, be re-opened with a new company on the boards. Ventriloquist Stewart and Ivy Dale, who have joined the ranks of Warner and Lean pro tem, are now nightly tickling the Tiv. audiences. The Dampiers have gone Kalgoorliewards. They return for a three nights' season here during the week. Jim Conley, one of the supposed 6-Mile murderers, saw the Dampiers in Robbery Under Arms" last week. The influence of the stage again. Millie Herherte, Daisy Chard, Ada Mavin, and Ted Herberte are billed to make their first appearance at the Tiv. to-night. Lucifer's benefit last night turned out a big success. Miss Kitty Loftus has, in consequence of other engagements, been compelled to decline " a brilliant offer" to star in " La Poupee" in Australia. This is to be regretted, for Miss Loftus is stated to be " about the best of her kind " in England. Mr Lachlan M'Gowan, who is credited with being the oldest actor on the Australian stage, has left the Dampier Company, and will settle down in Adelaide as a teacher of elocution. Mr Frank M'Kee, of " Chinatown " renown, is planning to send an American minstrel troupe to Australia, and is negotiating with Barney Fagan and Lew Dockstaider. Miss Harrie Ireland and Mr Cecil Ward »have joined the Potter- Bellew Company. Miss Pollie Emery, at present with the Potter-Bellew Company, leaves for London in June. "Dear me!" exclaimed the firstnighter at the theatre; " this is a re markable era in the drama " " Very,' replied the manager. "I am told that your burlesque prima donna earns £100 a week ?" No," replied tke manager with a eigh, "you are misinformed: She doesn't earn it, but she gets it." Kate Vanghan, who lately visited Australia, and was "understood to be dying of Bright's disease, has been divorced by her husband, Col. Wellesley, for adultery with an actor. Miss Vaughan, it will be remembered, was married by Col. Wellesley, erstwhile a member of the Prince of Wales' special set, after he had been divorced by his wife, a daughter of N.S.W. former- Governor, Lord Augustus Loftus. Francie Adlier, a grand- daughter of Madame Simon sen, who will take Flora Gr&upner;'s part iu " Matsa," is no taller than her petite predecessor. Australia would seem to be producing a i ace of singing midgets. Even Gulliver has a good voice for his inches. Menander," writing in the " Australasian" regarding i hirgwin, says :— He can jodel, sing soprano or baritone at pleasure—in fact, in point of musical attainments Chirgwin is a head and shoulders above nine out of ten artists on the variety Stage. Whether he is always quite so careful about his p's and q's as he might be is another matter, The "business" now introduced, for example, when he attires himself in a grotesque imitation of the decolette costume of a lady vocalist, is some of it a trifle venturesome. But audiences accept a- good deal from the performer who, whatever he is saying or doirg, invariably makes them laugh. Six different cinematographes have been shown in Sydney, and a' seventh is promised. Miss Louise Beaudet, who toured the colonies years ago with Mr Bandmann, is now appearing at the London music- halls, singing French chansons, etc. A decided change from Shakespearian Mrs. M'Jyneox, the handsome and clever actress, well-remembered ia Syd uey, is r?ow in the English province?, playing the leading character in " Under the Red Robe," English press notices to hand are mostly jam and enthusiasm. Alma Stanley, who accompanies Paulton to Australia, was a pr.-'tYs-i n beauty, rather than an actress, when she first took to the stage. Musgrove has secured ihe rights o£ the enormously-successful c~mic o^era " La Paupee," by Audran. Bernhardt hits Paris hard in Sardou's " SpirjHsme." A husband imagines his wife dead. A medium brings her ghost before him, but, of course, it is herself, and this' holSow-looking 'situation is managed with consummate art. Bloridin, according t"> the French journals, has leTt behind him a fortune of £75,000. Commenting ufon this, Mr. G. R. Sims says:—" I am rather -surpriised, but veiy glad to bear it. In 1865 Blondin put JES0,000 in a tiade of which Ke faiew iiot>'irg. entering into partnership with 'another.' Io 1^66 the famiiu%tightr-r< pe dancer had j-ot only -lost all his invested capital, lut had to, meet a. large number of at--eptanees which had been rather recklessly giveD. The blow was a very serious one to the amiable equilibrist, and he felt it so kees lj that it was some time before he cou'd summon np nerve fo perform .again That ; e overed from the catastrophe and died worth £75.000 is greatly to his credit" • Mr ft. G. Knowles, whose stay in Australia has bsen a good deal marred by the collapse of the Palace Theatre Gompany, with whom he came out, has left for England via America. He is engaged to reappear at the London syndicate halls on June 7. Colborne Baber (under the name of Lilla Harrison" made her London debut at the Queen's Hall sacred concert on Ash Wednesday, and created quite a favorable impression. "Among the more attractive features of the concert," said London "D.T." "was the earnest and unaffected rendering of the solo in ' HeaT my Prayer' by Madame Lilla Harrison, au Australian soprano, who made a promising debut." Miss Eileen O'Moore, known to Australians as Bessie Doyle, is professionally prospering in London, and lives in great style—lovely gowns, plenty of diamonds, and a well-appointed carriage. That clever little actress, Ethel Browning, left the Uat Goodwin Company on landing in America, and is now engaged by Creston Clarke to play Marie * in the production of " The Maible Heart." Outside the star himself, Miss Browning was undoubtedly the best artist in the company. The Zenda Company will remain in Australia 12 months. 