(CorpItoHT.) COLLEGE JACK. By CAPT LN" LA CIE SYNOPSIS OFPRE IOU: CIHAPTERS. In the wild and grandly pioturesque region of the east coast ot Van Diemai s Land, at the foot of the Fingal Ranges and on the banks of the Honeysuckle Creek, is situated the pleasant homestead of John Edwards one of the oldest and most prosproos settlers in that country duting the year 1Sti. The story opens on the night of the 3rd of May. Mrs. Edwards and her three sons are absent, tlearing Mary, their only daughter, and her father alone at the hom.tread. In the even ing abunt dusk Mary Edwards observes her father galloping home at a funous pace ein dentlylvnder s.ro .gecitement. On dismount ing he hastily conveys to his daughter the startlingintelligence that a notorious character, known as College Jack, together with two other assigned servants, who have been working on a farm owned by the " I;rrowa" at Falmouth, have escaped, taking to the bosh, after first attacking the homestead, murdering old MJr. Earrows and attempting the Ide of the son, yoeu Tom. who, iy the wany, is engaged to Mary Edwards. I.irirg the night the three outlaws make a mr.: denrmined attack upon Edwards's homeS- ad, faally wounding the old man in their first rly. Mary heroically holds tlhemat hay sing;le anded and makes herescape eon horeetaskundr cover of the darkness just as College eack, whllose real name is Tarleton, and his rcma;c.ing companion, Jim 11Shner, free an entrr.ce ty breakinin the front door. Mary reaches a place of safety and immediately re turns ascomoau.;ed by four of the neighboring set:lers o.lryto iEnd the hemestead in flames. With dlionlhr the fire is extinguished and the remains of her father rescued. A few days after her father has been laid to rest, the sad intelligence of the death of Mrs. Edwards is broughtlyher brothers, who at once form a strong par:y solemnly ple:ged to revenge the death of their parents. tleaded by John Ed wards, who is supponrted by a constable named Stiles Gritin, a noted bushranger hunter, the party follow the tracks of the fu itives for serneal days, through the rough and almost in accerssible faatsee:'s in the diretion of Mount Nicholas. On reachir g a chatsm in the mountains the purnuers are suddenly attacked and a des perate encounter takes place in which Tom Barrows is slain on onue ide and Mianer on the other. During the fight a strange apparition appears for a moment upon the rocks opposite beckoning the brothers. To their horror and consternation they rrcognise in it the well known figure of their sister, Mary, evidently in the power of College Jack. The pursuit is continued with renewed rigor leading in the direction of the sea reast, which is reached on the morning of the following day. From the summit of a high cliff overlooking the ocean a small boat is oberved making straight ot to sea in which is seated Tarleton and Mary. The latter upon seeing them watts her hands and gives utterance to a strange, hysterical laugh as the bhosat disappears in the closing darkness. The horrible snferings experiences by Mary Edwards has culminated in the less of reason. In her madness she imagines Tarleton to bhe her lover and becomes a wtlline instrument in his hands. For three days and nights the out law desperately plies the oars; the girl mean while sitting mutely with eyes fixed upon him that pierce his temost soul. At last he is driven to the verge of madness from thirst and the horrors of the situation, and, seizing his companion, he throws her overboard. At dawn of the fourth day he is rescued by the "Juno," bound for Hobart Town and at once inlists the sympathies of the doctor, whom he recognises as a fellow student, and the captain. They contrite by a rose to give the impression on board that the rercued man, n a fit of delirium, jumps orerbhard-the object being to evade en uatries from the authorities as to his identity; meanwhile the outlaw remains in the cabin,. CHAPTER XII. " How you must have suffered, Tar leton l" said Dr. Ransome, in a sym pathetic tone. "Suffered ! Yes. Yet my agony on the ocean, perishing with thirst with water all around-dying in a solitude which was awful, I tell you- amidst all that, my sufferings were not as great as during my bondage on the island. If I had my choice to-day I would take the former. I don't wonder now why convicts commit suicide or some mortal crime in order to get hanged. If I have to give myself up to the authori ties and escape the scaffold, I will surely do one or the other-kill myself or someone else," said the convict in a lugubrious tone, calculated to inspire sympathy. The fact was John Tarleton saw a chance of permanently regaining his liberty. His friend, l)r. Ransome, strange to say, had a high opinion of him, and, net withstanding the damning evidence which was adduced at his friend's murder trial, Ransome would not believe in his guilt. To the last he fought for him, and he was one of the influential friends who assisted to save him from the gallows. By trading on this genuine friendship and a liberal percentage of lies, the mere than double-dyed murderer hoped to be able to leave not only Van Die man's Land but the British Empire it self, and live in safety in some far off land. He was throwing his last card, and if he lost it his life was to be the forfeit. "You want me to help you, of course," began the doctor, musingly, "and you well know I will if it is possible. There is no doubt it will be a matter of the utmost ditliculty. If it were not for the confounded ygaing passengers I could easily see mny way. Tihey will talk about your rescue nwhen Hobart Town is reached as if it were the only incident which occurred on the voyage, and everyone will be striv, in to see you. Out of courtesy the ,feicials could not be denied, though the public could-and yet it is the formner whom you most fear. With a discreet crew there would not be so :much trouble, especially if the captain worked with us, as he will, I am sure, in this case." " I)o you thinkl he will?" interrupted the outlaw, eagerly. "I am sure of it. \\\'Wetherall and I are cid friends--and, besides, there is a chapter in the history of his family re earding transportation lwhich will cause eim to look with a friendly eye on you ,noen I explain the position. Buteven ;ieh his aid how can the job be done. Can you not think of any way out of :i;e troub.e ?' concluded Doctor Ran " I may in an hour or trwo. So far my brain i-as been in a whirl, and I -:celd no e put two thoughts together. W\c:uld it nt be as well to speak to the ca::ain first and tell him thile truth ? OF: course I did not tell him what were rcal-y the facts when he spoke. I id!n't know then you; were on tile ves .i. Will you tell hiinl all, and perhaps ::viij havI e a p!an, if he is willing to I ::e inl this 0awful plight ?" the fugi lie a!swered. \tLer a few mintte.s' reflection the dioctor sagreed it would be best to take lthe kipper into his confidence, and he uiderto: to t-e l him thle whole story .;:! ii e he con::vict's history as well. i",:r Iat irnpos le he sought out Wether -:i::d s;on pe.uned into lithe subject. TI:,: :aplain was surprised, thoilugh not .as:c·nii:cd, for he had a lurking sts1 lici.cc of thel truth. Theire was a ch.r:cr, too, in his own family history. a tl:e dictor had said, which made i:i:1 tolramt of escaped convic:s. A :'.,ri:C brother had gone wrong-at I5:: hIe was transported, and mlien wereo i.:cimen s sent to penal servilude who ha,1 dlone no wrong--and in an attenmptl I to :cape he had been killed. It was i tnispered at the time that Captains B'etherall was not altogether uncon I cerned in the affair. When the medical : officer had concluded his narrative tlhe shipper said: I Selling cattle by live weight is rapidly growing in favor in Scotland, "You can rely on me, Ransome. If it is possible to aid your friend I will do so; but how it can be done does not seem clear just at present. I'll be down in the cabin in an hour." At the appointed time the three men met as agreed on, and they at once be gan discussing the pros and cons of the knotty question. For a time none of them could decide on anything which would avail the fugitive. "There is no place at which I could drop you for a couple of weeks and pick you up on the return. Tasman's Peninsula is the only point I go near, and that would be the last place on earth to put you-even if I were able to do so. I can depend on a portion of the crew at least, but the passengers and two or three of the hands I would a not trust. I have been pestered with enquiries all day from the passengers about you. They are all anxious to see you, but I said you were not well enough to come on deck." "When they speak to you again, captain," interrupted the doctor, "say our patient is delirious. I will tell them the same, and they will not be so importunate to see him. That will be your best plan." "Yes. I will say that-and by-the bye I have an idea which may work. The thought of delirium has put it into my head. Our friend will have to be lost again," spoke Wetherall. " Lost!" interjected Ransome, ex ' citedly. "Yes, don't you see In his delirium e he must jump overboard during the night. There will be a deuce of a com motion, and I'll make a pretext of sav ing him if the sea is not too rough. He must then remain a close prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us to Melbourne, or if not there to Sydney where we can easily smuggle him on shore. In fact it must be done to-night as we will be at Hobart Town e within twenty-four hours if all goes well," explained the captain. " How will it be worked, Wetherall? Must there not be someone to give the alarm, and how can it be done? I don't quite see my way in the matter," queried the doctor. "Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable object over and take care that one of the men hears the splash. I will run aft and ask if there was not a splash, and of course he will say yes. Then you-ah, by-the-bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time, and just after the alarm, or when the man and myself are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is not in the cabin. S'Man overboard!' of course will be the cry. I will lower a boat if the sea is smooth enough, and the whole thing will be done. I suppose you have told all enquirers, as I have, that the poor fellow we rescued came from the Port Phillip district," remarked Captain Wetherall. "Yes. I must have given that in formation to a dozen or more, and everyone on board knows it by this t time. It will throw off suspicion to a t considerable extent no doubt, and the delirium story should complete it. You have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suppose we will have no I difficulty in keeping Tarleton here with out the fact being discovered ?" queried the doctor. " Why should we? Only yourself and I will hare access to the cabin, and every time we leave it we must lock the door and take the key with us. The matter of food can easily be arranged t between us. I am master here and can do as I please. Besides, the con finement will not be irksome to a man f who wants a long rest like our triend. It will do him good. At Hobart Town we may be able to give him an occa sional outing during an evening, so that in four or five days from now lie can count on having a walk by moonlight. Come on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the delirium ' business,'" added the captain in a gleeful way, for he felt quite inter ested in the work he was about to undertake. Indeed he considered it was a most meritorious act which, if not rewarded in this world, would bein the next. He had heard and seen so much in connection with the horrors of convictism that nothing would deter him from stretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if it came in his way to do it. Being a law-abiding manhimself he would not make any direct attack on the "system," but, as in the present case, without seeking for the job, he was able to do a service for a bondsman, then he was just the person to depend upon. When the two men had left the cabin John Tarleton paced the floor, and there was a look of malignant triumph on his face. "'What a blessing it was I didn't bring that mad girl along i It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would be more than strange if we both jumped over the side of the vessel. Ha! ha ! the old skipper is a cute fellow and no mistake, though I should thank him for the interest he is displaying in me. And Tom Ransome, too,turned up trumps just as I expected. He was always a bit of a fool; but he serves my purpose. I will try and in duce the captain to land me at M1el bourne. I don't like the idea of Sydney. I know too much about convicts and Stheir careers there. He'll be able to get enough cargo for Port Phillils-and besides it will shorten my imprisonment by a week or two. Thatis aconsidera tion. I wonder what they will say if they make enquiries and find out what Jack Tarleton has really done? Well," and the fellow sat doiwn and mused, "they will not be ab!e to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resur rect me. I have them any way they turn, and after to-nigist they' must stick to me thirough thick and thin. Ill not be ungrateful at all events. What luck I had, to be sure, to fall in with this vessel! Never dreamt Tom Ransome was at this side of the earth at all. He must have come out inmmediately after I did. There was a little difference though In our mode of coming. It's all in a lifetimne, I suppose." In this way thie convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings being only broken by tihe entrance of thie captain or thie doctor. fTle latter came frequenrtly, for it was understood his patient was in a fever and delirious, so he requrired close al tention. tWhen night fell the ship was just rounding 'ITasnma's 'Peninsula and under a favorable Ibreeze. iThe captain i stood close in to thesmall island at tihe south of Cape P'illar. I-lad it been: daylight hIe would have ventured bIe I'een the Itwo, but with a sailing vessel and in the gloomn of night the passage I was too risky, especially as there was no great reason for hurrying. The New York Life comprany lends money oan polieiel a year in force. The guant outlines of Cape Pillar could be seen to the north-west as the sun went down, and the rugged island lay just abeam. By eleven o'clock the skipper thought they would be well under the shelter of the headland, and about that time he would make the at tempt to figuratively kill his guest. As the night advanced a slight mist settled over the sea, and this soon drove the passengers below. The weather was becoming thick and soon an intense darkness settled upon the ocean. "It is all the better," he told tle doctor, in conlidence, "as it will pre vent all the trouble and danger of launching a boat to attempt rescue. I would not order one to be lowered on a night like this, and if I did the men would refuse to man it, and rightly, too." If the night had been clear and bright it would have been his duty to lower a boat in the event of a man fall ing or jumping overboard. but in bad weather he would not do so. Besides, in the case of the stranger whom h;e had just rescued, he would not be justi fied in jeopardising the lives of his crew in the endeavor to save a madman. So he argued, and it made his position more easy. Dr. Ransome was in thle cabin talk ing to his patient shortly after eleven o'clock, when he heard two distinct knocks over head and he knew their import. Going out he locked the cabin door, and, running up the ladder, was at Captain Wetherall's side in less than a minute. " My unfortunate patient is not in the cabin, captain. I left him for a few minutes just now and when I returned he was gone. Will you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mind he may harm himself '' he cried. "Missing !" exclaimed the captain. "Then we are not mistaken, Bill. That splash we heard meant a man over board. Give the alarm! Hol ! all hands here!" and Wetherall gave a stentorian shout which brought the second officer and half-a-dozen seamen, in addition to a couple of hardy pas sengers, who were braving the weather, to his side. "There is a man overboard, lads, but I don't like to cr,-,r you to mar a boat. Will any :te/rusNer for the duty ?' "Who is it ?" came the query. "The poor fellow we picked up yes terday. In his delirium he escaped from the cabin and jumped overboard. Bill and I heard a splash, but we could not make out what it meant until the doctor came up and told us the man was missing," glibly answered the cap talin. "Well, sir, I'd volunteer in a moment if I thought it was any use, but on a night like this there wouldn't be the ghost of a chance of saving the man and very likely we might get lost, too," returned one of the sailors. His opinion was echoed by the others, and the second mate also urged the futi lity of attempting a rescue. "We are making good way, sir, and he must be a long way astern by this time," he re marked. "\Well, understand I didn't think ol ordering yout to lower a boat, for on such a nightas this I wouldn't do so. If any pleased to volunteer and try a rescue I would not have stood in the way, though it is most improbahle you would have succeeded. Perhaps it is as well the poor fellos is gone as the doctor says he might never regain his right senses again," returned the skipper in a solemn tone. Hle would have been mad to tihe latest day of his life, and, unless he was watched night and day unremit tingly, his life would have been a short one as he had most pronounced suicidal tendencies. I didn't leave him for five minutes this evening but once, and that was when he escaped. A life of that sort would not be a pleasant existence, and could only be spent in a lunatic asylum. As the captain says, it may be a merciful release after all," added the doctor. It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable gentlemen like Ransome and Wethlerall could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a rufflian like Tarleton. True they did not know the full extent of his iniquities, and that must be their excuse for the sins of commission of which they were guilty. After all they sinned with a good intention, and Hades was richer by several slabs in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, 'Juno," was heading towards the north west and entering Storm Bay on the run to thie DIerwent. Small groups of passengers and sailors discussed the tragedy of the previous night, and there were not a few who s avowed they saw suicide stanmped on the lost man's face when he was drawn up out of thie crazy boat in which he was found. "The seal of death was upon him," remarked one superstitious woman, devoutly crossing hIerself, "and when you see that it is only a matter of a few days iwhen the spirit goes." She did not take the trouble to ex plain what the "seal of death" was, or howo it could be recognised, but that was only a trifling omission not worth bothering about. Nearly everyone on board were immensely wise after the event, and it appeared they had all fore doomed the rescued man to an early and violent death. The captain an the doctor went amongst the passengers and gossiped with them regarding the sad event, and soon John Tarleton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship was as dead as Julius Ctsar. Quite a squabble, indeed, took place betweent a couple of passengers as to whether or not hIe cas devoured by a shark within a certain time of the jump ing overboard, and the capintai was cal!led on to decide thie matter, whrich he did to thie satisfaction of thIe rman who contended hIe must hiave been eaten by a shark. 'The skipper was eS tile same opinion, for Ihe expllained that tihe suicide, being almost naked whlen he went over the side, would quicliy at tract a man-eater. " A white body al ways does, and there are plenty of big sharks around Trasman's 'ceni:n,ula," he concluded. Thuis satisfactorily was John Tarleton dispised of. Hie cwas not only dead lbut eaten, and utril thie great day slwhen the last trump shail sound hie woulid be as nothing. \lcanwclile the strbj:ct of all this ghastly gossip enjoyed himseslf in the capitain's cabin. lc really felt life was wrolth livingi, for being dead in tihe abstract lent an added chartl to beintg alive in the concrete. All his debts for instance, bothl monetary and otherwise, must be wijred out now that hIe had dis appeared in thie waters of the Southernc Ocean, and to a man with suchl a load of sin and crime on his sholslders it was pleasing to think he could not be callcd ot to pay the debt. C J 12 (To nE CorNtt1Nun.) The volcmeo of Irfe in Viotoria show a gredual increne, 