THE HISTORY OF AN OPAL RING. CHAPTER XX. dear Bertha, I anraur- prised at you,' Mrs. Dalton replied angrily, taking up a fan that lay beside her, and fanning herself to cool her indig- nation. ' wo Know what Mr. Fancourt is; his past life is nothing to us. I can't think how you could he so indelicate as to allude to it. Of course, if had not been Lord Alphington's grandson, his proposal to marry Lena would have been out of the question; hut Mi. Lawrence has no established pssitlon — it is quite another thing. One would really think at times, Bertha, that you had not common sense. You must see, at any rate, that wo cannot have anyone hero whom Mr Fancourt would not like to meet.' ' 1 dou't think MrSt. Lawrence is very likely to trouble you much, IliUlIlUlUj JJUX IUU KttlUUCU U UbUU bitterly. ' He has not been here for the last, three weeks.' ' Most likely then, as he must know that Mr Fancourt is often here, he is afraid of meeting him — afraid of some exposure. Don't you see, Bertha, its quite plain it must he so ? If you should hap pen to meet him, I must insist upon your being very cr.ol in your manner to him ; for my part, I shall certainly givo him to under stand that we do not desire any further acquaintance with him.' 'Mamma, I cannot promise,' said Bertha, flushinir nninfnllv. 'I do not believe anything against him. Mr Douglas knows.' 'Well, my dear, you are quite right to consider Mr Douglas,' allowed the prudent mother; 'and when you ore iu a house of your own you can invite whom you please. By-thc-way, don't you think it would be a very nice plan if Mr Douglas were to take this house off my hands, when Lena marries ?' she continued more cheerfully, laying down her fan. ' I am thinking of going into _ apartments at the West End, where I shall bo nearer Magnus Square. Mr Douglas's income is not very large. Ho probably won't want to launch out at first. I should think such a house as Hlis nnrrlif -iticf e»Sf ln'm ) ""QMk juai' WUIV 11A11J ' I don't think Mr Douglas has any idea of taking a house at all, mamma,' Bertha stammered in some confusion. ' Mr Douglas is going away.' ' Going away ?' exclaimed Mrs Dalton, growing very red in the face again. 'Going away without proposing? I never heard of anything so dishonourable, after all the attention he has paid you. I am afraid it is your own fault, Bertha; you have played your cards badly.' ' I have played no cards ait all, mamma,' said Bertha, greatly vexed. She had no intention of revealing what had taken placo that aftornoou — neither Douglas's declaration to herself nor his warning against Fancourt. That she was awaro would bo utterly J useless uulcss there was soinc I basis to go upon. ' Ho can't go away so,' decide d Mrs Dalton after a few moment's thought. ' It's ridiculous. L flihnll writn nnil nolr \\\\\m A\n. ner.' . ' Pray do not, mamma,' Bertha entreated. 'Mr Douglas nnd I perfectly understand eaoh other, if that is what you are thinking of. Wo shall never bo more to each other than good friends.' 'Well, I must say there never was a mother treated as I am,' Mrs Dalton lamented, drawing out her cambric handkerohief. ' Here have I been planning night and day for your comfortable settlement in life, and now you talk about being nothing but friends! It's really enough to drive one wild ! I am quite sure that with a little encouragement Mr Douglas would have spoken ; and whot better can you look for? It isn't likely you can mako a great, match like your sister. It won't do no, with our new con nection?, for you to bo a teacher. What ip to become of you I don't knoiy; and all might have been settle S(? happily 2' Mrs 1)1 ton melted into tears as she contemplated the failure of part of her scheme. Bertha was pale and silent, feeling rather guilty, but she had no thought of giving way, 'Don't bo anxious about my future, mamma,' she said at last. ' I am sbrry I cannot act as you wish,. but I need not be a burden upon you. Sir Stephen and Lady Langley, when we wore at their house in the spring, asked me to go and live with thorn as their daughter. I declined then as I thought you could not-spare me ; but I am sure they want mo to go. Sir Stephen said he would speak to you about it this au- tumn. Mrs Dalton wiped her eyes — her brow cleared. 'I would much rather have 6cen you in a bouse of your own at once,' she said with a sigh ; 'but Sir Stephen and Lady Lang- ley move in the best society, and you may have a clianoc with them perhaps, if you only put away you silly, romantic notions.' Bertha made no reply— she was only too thankful to let the sub ject drop. In order to avoid any fresh discussion of such topics' she invited her mother's attention to what she had been doing for Lena in the afternoon, and Mrs Dalton, once more absorbed in the all-important subject of the trous seau, forgot for tho time being her disappointment in Douglas and her intentions towards St. Lawrene. chapter xxr. St. Lawrence sat at his easel. The "Clearing in an American Forest " had not progressed very rapidly of late, though the artist had- confined himself to the studio than had been his habit during tne summer months. Sometimes, holding tho brush listlessly iu his hand, he gave himself up to re verie ; and then, endeavouring to rouse himself, ho painted vigour- ously for a while, but what he did too frequently failed to please him, and he would dash out his whole morning's Work with a sort of -contempt for his own insuffi ciency. ' Its no good ; I believe I am losing my powers,' ho said to him self, after a vain attempt to bring out a piece of foreground to his mind. ' I must go away. I must get out of this altogether. If anything is discovered, I shall hear of it. But I don't know that it is much to mo now. What a fool I was to go on lingering near her, when I knew that Dou glas loved her. Oh, Bertha, my love, my darling 2 No other wo man in the world can ever be to mo what you have been — can I ever bear to see your sweet eyes resting -lovingly on another, to hear your dear voice calling ano ther by the name of husband ? Oh, I am a fool 2 I trusted in my own strength, and I am as weak as water ! i must never see her again, and yet what a blank the world will be to me without her!' With a groan-like sigh he threw his arm over the back of the chair on which he sat, leaning his head down upon it. He was not a na ture to love lightly; nor had his love sprung up liko a flower to wither down in a night. It had begun by esteem and regard, and had taken full possession of his heart before ho himself had been aware. Never for a mome it, however, did he dream of enter ing the list against his friend. Douglas had confided in him. and soonor would ho have allowed his heart to have been torn from his bosom than have turned traitor, and have sought to win tho prize for which Douglas was striving. Ho had felt forlorn on first coming to London, as well as ag grieved and disheartened, and Douglas had given him his friend ship, believing in him and trust ing him in perfect faith. St. Lawrence was not the man to disappoint that faith. Ho might suffer — for with his strong feel ings he had great capacity for suffering — but ho would not stoop to dishonour in word or deed. After a while he rose and laid aside his palatte and mahl-stick. He determined to hire a horse, and take a long country ride — to try what rapid movement and change of soene would do to ban ish vain longings and regrets. He had just changed his coat when a knock wap heard at the door, and Donglas entered. The latter threw his hat on the table and himself into an easy chair, with- out speaking ; he looked pale and heavy-eyed, as if ho had not slept. v ' Why, Douglas, man, what is tho matter P asked St. Lawrence as he noticed his friend's subdued and saddened countenance. ' Matter ?' repeated Douglas. ' The matter is that I have just been making a fool of myself.' ' How so, dear fellow ? What haye you been doing ?' inquired St. Lawrence. ' I have heen a perfect idiot to think that Bertha Dalton could ever care for a fellow like me,' Douglas replied. ' I popped the question yesterday, and received a very gentle — Heaven bless her 2 — but point-blank refusal. Now you know what's tho matter ; and I'm off to Borne, or the top of Mont Blano, or "over the dark blue waters," or somewhere till I can come back' n sane man.' 'She rofuscd you 1' oried St. Lawrence. This termination of his friend's wooing had never occurred to him. A thrill of joy darted through his frame. Suddonly tho could that overshadowed him was lifted away. And vet ho felt indignant with himself for his gladness. 'Do you think she was in earn est, Douglas ?' ho asked, as soon as he could trust himself to speak. 'In sober earnest. She left me no room to mistake on that point said Douglas. ' It is an uncommon thing for me to be off my sleep,' _ he resumed, after a pause, during which each was too occupied with a tumult of thought and feeling to speak; 'but last night I scarcely closed my eyes, and I think I see some things I never saw before. The idea came to mo — not from anything she said, mind your — that if you had asked her the same question tho answer would have been differ ent.' ' I my dear fellow 2' exclaifried St. Lawrence, tho blood flushing his cheek and brow, and his heart throbbing with an emotion that in its intensity was pain. ' Are you dreaming?' When Douglas loft Bertha Dalton the previous evening he had guessed her secret, as she had feared he would ; but he left her with a generous resolve to bring these to he so thoroughly loved and valued together. As he said, he had not slept, for not only did he feel his own disappointment kttflnlv. "hllf' it.lind hnnn wifli mnntr J J WWVU II iUUU a bitter and jealous pang that he had made up his mind to stand on one tide that his friend might be happy. He did make up his mind, however. Ho had told Bertha that, if she would not have him for -a husband, she should have him for a brother ; so after tossing about through a restless and wretched night, he came to his friend before his reso lution failed. ' No,' he replied to St. Law rence's question, ' I am going to mako a elean breast of it. I think I blinded myself when wo were together "with Bertha. I have seen the blushes rise to her sweet face and the light came into her eyes, and I tried to hope it was for me ; but 1 see now I was mis taken. "Well, perhaps, as you have sometimes told me, I am not intended for a married man ; but, if Bertha would have had me, I would , have tried to make her happy, Heaven knows.' He ended with.- a sob? -leaninir hin timet nr. his crossed arms. ' I am surd you would, my dea'r boy,' said St. Lawrence. ' And I know what it must have cost you to say what you told me just now. Do not talk any more of it, unless it does you good to speak out. I am in a desperately idle vein, and going to tike a long ride ; come with me — don't go and mope at home.' ' I don't know ; it's scarcely worth the trouble,' Douglas said, raising his head. ' Nay, come,' St. Lawrence urged — 'come for my sake, if you will not come for yoar own.' ' Well, as you will,' Douglas replied, languidly rising from his seat, and taking his hat. " 'I may as well go as stajj, and stay as go, for anything I seel Hang it all, it hus been a blow to me I I sup pose a fellow does not get over this sort of thing at once.' 'No,' said St. Lawrence, plao. ing h?s haud on his friend's shoul der ; ' I think if it were my case I should never get over it. Bu t you are naturally more bouyant Douglas ; I have more hopo for you.' 'Which means I am a shallower mortal,' Douglas commented, with the ghost of an smile. 'And lam afraid she thinks so too.' 'That is not what I intended,'" returned St Lawrence ; ' you know it is not. Don't I know your warmth of heart ? Haven't you stuck by mo through good report and evil report ? Haven't yon believed in me when no one else did ? Don't think me a cal lous brute, Douglas.' ' I believed in you because I couldn't help it, acknowledged Douglas. ' Woll, if wo are to -go, let us be off ; it's stifling here. What do you purpose ?' ' To ta£e tho train to Epsom,' said St. Lawrence, as they des cended tho stairs, 'hive the horses we've had before if wo can get them, and take a long stretch out though the country. Wo cau dine somewhere while we put up the nags, and return in the even ing' ' Oh, hang the dinner !' cried Douglas. 'That was not alwavs vour creed, old fellow,' St. Lawrence said, smiling. ' Do you . remem ber dragging me off to dine one day after the promenade iu the Botanical Gardens, when I would have Said ' Hang the dinner 2 ' just as you do now ?' 'Ah, that was where we met Bertha,' observed Douglas. 'How you were taken with Lena then !' ' Becauso I didn't see below the Burfuco,' St. Lawrence ex plained. 'That fancy was soou over.' Douglas looked in his friend's face wistfully, as ho longed to question him ; but, thinking bet ter of it, he smothered a sigh, and walked on in silence. A crowded London thoroughfare was not favourable to much con versation of a confidential kind, nor was a railway-carriage, and but little more passed till they arrived at Epsom, whore they were fortunate to secure the' horses they wanted. Turning their heads southwards, they soon found themselves pursuing tho course of tho Mole, through tho lovely scenery amongst tho Sur rey Hills. What a change from tho heat and dust of London 2 Instead of bricks and mortar, there were wooded uplands and verdant mea dows. and lanes shaded bv man- nificcnt trees yet in their full glory, and bdrdered by tangled hedgerows, where bunches of blackberries, scarlet nips, white convovulus,and wildelematis were growing in smoot confusion, the rivor flowing placidly, dark with the reflection of overhangiug fol iage, waterlily leaves sleeping on its surface. Instead of the tram pling of feet, the rattling of ve hicles, and the many voiced hum of of the world's toilers, there were the song of birds, the tinkling sheep-bell, and tho lowing of cattle. All breathed peace. Na ture was a wonderful comforter, and the two equestrians, each with his own burden of v care, found it lightened and more easy to be borne. . They werei approaching a vill age, the church spije just visible above the trees, when they noticed a pretty cottage standing back in a small garden, and- partly con cealed from tho road by a high laurel hedce.. A Virerinia creennr. how turning crimson, covered the front, and several fine trees for med a leafy background. ' What a charming snuggery 2' St. Lawrence exclaimed. ' If the worst oomes, I think I shall bury myself in such a place as that, and forget tho world aud its evil-doings.' ' But not alone,' said Douglas, with a pang of uncontrollable jealousy. ' Oh, I don't know ; we needn't settle that now/ St Lawronce re plied evasively, anxious to savp his friend from pain." As ho spoke, two persons em erged from the porch of tho oot- tage, and come down tho path to the gate. One was a handsome, dark-complexioned, showy-look ing woman; tho other, a rather under-sized man with dark hair and whiskers, his appearance bo- ing that of a servant out of his livery. - 'Bo sure to tell him ho must come at onoe,' said the lady, as tho friends walked thejr horses past. Tho than touched his lint with an uflirmativo answer, and then walked away towards the railway station. Tho lady turned up the path to the cottngo. St Lawrence and Douglas looked at each other in astonishment. - ' Can I bo mistaken ?' said the former. 'I was startled at first,' Dong- las observed ; ' but I think our eyes must have deceived us.' ' I should be inclined to'imag-. iuo so too, but that I feel certain I have seen that woman before,' said StLaWrence. 'Her face seems to connect itself with some not over-pleasant recollections of iny youth. But, after all, it must be a trick of fancy,' he added ; ' tho woman I allude to is proba bly thousands of miles away.' ' There's no saying who's away or who isn't,' remarked Douglas; 'one is always running against people in tho most extraordinary manner.' ' I shouldn't bo surprised,' said St Lawrence, after a pause of con sideration. ' I verily believe you will hear of something to your advantage — as the newsDaners sav — before long. I think I am becoming prophetic, ' observed Douglas, with something of his former vivacity. ' Prophesy a cutlet and a gluss of good ale then, saidStLawrenee, throwing off his train of serious thought, and urging his horse in to. a trot. 'That church spire mnrks the neighbourhood of an iun where anglers much do con gregate. Thoro wo shall find good cheer.' (To he Continued.) . ' The dates on some of the rare old books offered for sale in Paris shows that they were issued be fore the invention of printing. Says a philosopher, ' No tho roughly occupied man was over miserable.' Probably this philo sopher never spent a forenoon amongst his friends trying to bor row a five-shilling piece. . Another philosopher says that nothing seams to please a fly so much us to bo mistaken for some thing to eat, and if ii can bo bake.d iu a cake aud ' palmed off on the unwary for a currant, it dies happy. . - A gentleman made the follow ing return to tli' income-tax com missioners : ' For the last three years: my income has been spme- wln.t under £150; in- futuro.it will bp more precarious, as the man is dead of whom I borrowed thc-m 'iir-y.' , A forlorn-loQKing man said, ' I have tried every (fling I could turn my hand to, buCcouldn't make anything nuswor ; "and now I have decided to go up amongst the hills, where they, say there is a wonderful echo, to see if I can make that answer.' , , Poison for Flies.— rA good poi son foiv flies is mudo by boiling quassia chips iu water until a strong decoction is obtained, sweeten with brown sugar or treacle, aud sot the mixture in saucers about tho room. The great commendation of this mix ture is that it is quite harmless to human beings, therefore is safe to have about where thero are children. Chicken Jelly for invalids. — - Take the leg of a fowl and after skinning aud scalding it, remove all the fat and wash it clean in cold water, put it in a saucepan with tho skin, half-a-pint of cold water, and salt to taste. Boil slowly to pieces, strain into a cup, aud let it stand till it jellies. Keep thy "temper, keep thv purse, nnd keep thy tonguo, if thou wouldst be healthy, wealthy, and wise. . ... Too many nlon would rathor'win n dollar in a bet limn pnrn fivo. A Syrian hawkornrrived at Goorgo- tovvii (Q.) on Monday with n camel, which caused u slnnipudo amongst the horses, two of which bolted. The owner went after them, and did not return for two days and a half. Tho Townsvillu Munioipal Council has detailed that tho. miuimum wage payable . by oontraotors . to labourers shall be 9s per dny. Tho minimum wage question is oatohing on, mid it is time that out-throat competition for living labour should altogether ennU» Lighted cigarettes we're distributed the.othor day .among a lot of mon- keyslat the Zoo in Pans by sorao mischievous urohins. The nnitt.nl., puffed away at the weed in evident enjoyment until tho ndvent.of the keeper, who pnt a stop to it/ . Haw onioii.poundod nnd nppiiod to burns will give immediate relief. 