Purely Personal, ' When the money is to come from, God only knows .nev n , eome p'otn. Cod only knows, -a Yyner. apn.p, .s,,j' McKenxie Khan's ::r, Knificenc scheme of railwav constructior _ Vyner should have bracketed McKenzie vwthe- Supreme Being, if onlv tor courtesy'- -aC- ('harles A.' ec. accidentally shot at Kalgo< 't'lie, in Ciimit Lastwood and Co.'s store, lias almost >t ered. Going down below tor a change It is belo-. : that tile following persons are shortly aooi it to announce themselves tor the repr-!s«n tation of the Coolgardie electorate ir r. of the two petrified or fossilised i. "C;;-f. s of Parliament ; Mayor Mncdonald, Crs Climie. Maxwell, Cumoore. brae-Stewart. M and f'aahan. The other counc'ifr s have already been angeneraily nouneed, iz thought probable that the To - not enter tin !erk and the Surveyor will s this time I 'ear I <:' recoiled the ;<-H)iCR : Old hands here will [lowing instance of McKenzie Khan's ear:. tess When the Dunnsville (Wealth of N Kauis) rush broke out, Mac. had placards a over the town warning all and sundry th. u it was impossible to get to hhout camels Mae. made a -ut of the business, his camels the new find a nice little per being' busily swanipers ar i engaged in the transport of their necessary impedimenta. The bottom :<;!'. out of tlie game, however, mainly thro;;; (h Mac himself driving out with horses ; .n ! trap He stultified himself • SWAMPi Dr. Black, k M . who is a'candidate for the electorate, of Dundas, which includes the much-tabo.-.ed town of Fsperance, is a person of nc little official consequence, in his own estimation. One morning shortly niter his appointment he was standing in the street when he was accosted by a stranger, who inqiurevi if he were Dr Black. He replied in the affirmative, and the stranger then proceeded to talk of some business matter in connection with which he wished to interview the R M. He was brought up, however, with a sudden jerk by the autocrat, who produced his watch, glanced at it, and suavely remarked, " ft is now three minutes to 9 o'clock. If yon will come to the. courthouse at o o'clock, when 'the official day opens, £ sha.il be at your service." The K M. then marched oft" to the courthouse, leaving the stranger to follow him to his official den, at which he arrived just in time tor the opening a the •» official day." Dear TOTFKRSH»BR : The- other night, when Chairman Bellingham asked those who believed Yyner to be ;i "fit and proper per-on," to signify in the usual manner, a lady in the audience " signified " by holding up her right hand This is die first time I have known a woman to signify in this colony Probably it ts the first instance of a woman exercising the suffrage in W.A.- Yours, FRONDE;;R, Lawyer Dymes is opposing Leake at Albany. He is a good speaker and is as popular as Leake is "otherwise." His laugh is a whole-souled one, and shakes his huge frame jellyfish-wise flow many of the 1 >evil's Brigade are candidates for Parliament at this election? In the eastern colonies lawyers dominate politics and there seems every probability of W.A, having her laws made by lawyers, unless the journalists out-general them in the interests of the ('ommonweal. Dundas writes Vivian Moffatt-Baker, one of the candidates for Dundas, is said to be a. duly qualified medical practitioner, though he has followed a variety of occupations. Vivian is a remittance-man, and lives like a " clook" while the coin lasts. When it is "dispelled" he hibernates until the arrival of fresh supplies fie will provide stacks of fun for the electors, especially if his ship has come in. His chance of success, however, is not worth considering. The notorious Pigeon ha.s been again on the rampage up North. He ha.s evidently considerably improved in marksmanship during the last week or so, as he succeeded in wounding one man and killing another without wasting much ammunition. Last week he discharged a shower of bullets at a constable, without seriously hitting anything that has yet come to light Pigeon appears ;o be a tirst-ciass warrior, and absolutely devoid of fear, judging by the wav lie faced his would-be captors. Wilkar Wak. •n, who has just retired t i'i >111 caia i :< lature for X , F. Coolgardie. was a pn ispecti >r in Yi '. before he came to W. A , He was a Is' 1 a >ch >< >b;eacher and nevvspaper editor. He came t 1 ' this colony before the Coolganhe gold • hi discovery, and settled in York as teacher of the public school. On the discovery of gold, however, he pulled up stakes and joined in the hunt for " metal." One of his prospecting experiences in Victoria was that of being lost in the Gippsland ranges somewhere up W'alhalla wav He was out for five days without food and without ft re in 'the middle of winter, and winter in that part of Gipps- : land under the circumstances is one of the • most unpleasant things that can happen to any man A Oippsland winter at any time is a " demned, damp, unpleasant" sort of meteorological fixture. Waldon was just about ready to pass hence when found by a. search party. A few weeks of nursing, however. brought him round, and re-fitteii him tor fresh explorations. His prospecting experiences in \Y A. have also been cvK a tough nature, and should provide entoftaiiV ing "copy " / The Constitutional Committee of the Federal Convention, sitting" at Adelaide, has decided that federated Australia will be called Australia Thanks. This leaves a chance for McKenzie Khan to get Cool, re-christened " Australasia," An all- round increase has taken place in the Victorian revenues. All revenue yielding departments show an increase. ' The clouds must be clearing away from the Victorian sky. Considering the extent to which Victoria has suffered from the depopulation process during the last fewyears, the increase in the customs and railway revenue points to a considerable increase in purchasing power and a largely augmented business activity amongst the" few people remaining in the colony. The At; >mic Ore Reduction process, the merits ot which, were so highly extolled by swindler-philanthropist Goodman, was said at the time of its introduction to public notice to be a very remarkable process indeed It would be more correct to say that the machine was a remarkable one, for it was understood that it refused absolutely to have any dealings with stone which did not contain payable gold. It rejected buck reefs and threw hunks of it at any attendant who had the temerity to insert it in its innards. It was said so at the time anyway, We foi "get whether we believed it then or not Franc's Hart, the musical Westralian sharebroker, who advertised himself a little while ago by whooping loudly for \he F.mpire at Draper's Transvaal lecture, has "gone bung." fie failed for a miserable two thou., and has been expelled from the " Housf," \Ye had an idea he was worth millions, like Calvert. Dan O-C.onnor, M.L.C., is alleged to have got the following off his chest at Albury during the federal elections: " To-day I saw the sun in his regal and eye-blinding splendour throwing off myriads of coruscating rays. But in the streets of Albury I beheld women, the trancendental loveliness/and brightness of whose faces fairly clefieo? the powers of the orb of light, and the radiant glory of whose human forms divine was not so much diminished by the dazzling comparison." There seems to be a superfluity of coruscation and radiance and dazzle and things about silver-tongued Dan's orations They are C dark with excess of light." Crick, who was also a Federal candidate, isn't so dazzling as Pan. O'Connor by any means. Dan blinds his audience bv waving in front of them a dazzling rainbow of verbiage : (.Tick gets home on them with a brickbat. Dan enchants his " darlint" people with a kaleidoscope : Crick overawes them with a large, red, beefy fist. The following little interlude is said to have relieved the monotony of one of Crick's meetings :—Voice : "Mr. Crick, if we elect you to the Convention will you promise to fight Jack Haynes on the floor of the House?" Crick (furiously): "Yes, I'll fight Jack Haynes anywhere, and if you wait until the meeting is over I'll give you a plug on the nose, too. You go into the parlor and wait till I come down." Voice : "And Meagher, too 5 " Crick : •' Go on. you drunken swab." Rev. D. G YYatkins recently did the trip from Cue to Perth in 35 hours. Two hours in a buggy, 33 hours in the train. The "Geraldton Kxpress" commends this as a piece of smart work. Well, it's not too slow for a parson, though some credit must be given to the train, doubtless I he "Northern Mining Register" (Alt. Magnet) is spoken of as Rason's barrel organ" by the " Yalgo Chronicle. The barrel organ, according to the " Chronicle." announces itself as supporting Rason's candidature because it believes it is "supporting the candidate having the most ability, most intelligence. Ac . Ac " Xow . what does Ac., Ac. mean ? Yosper has told the story of his imprisonment to Kanowna. It was brought about under an old George IV. Act for the punishment ol political conspiracy. I le was then editor ot a North Oueensland newspaper and collided with the (1 <>vernnlent through protesting against a proclamation issued by Acting-Governor I'aimer, relativ e to the Dav Dawn strike »•' r Dual bathing, it appears, is likely to have a " look in" at Perth Water. A party of ladies and gentlemen have been seen sporting about in the water, amid the accompaniment of much silvery laughter. "Table I'alk" says : "Mrs. Gnmdy will surely not put a damper 011 this. What could be more delightful than to try and beat brother lackill a race, and excel cousin Fred in a dive " Whose cousin, and whose brother ? it oughtn't to be necessary for Mrs. Grundy or anybody else to put a "damper" on mixed bathing. It would be a work of supererogation, unless mixed bathing at Perth is conducted on the principles expounded in the familiar nursery rhvme Mother, may I go out for a. swim Yes : you may, my daughter. Hang your clothes on a hickory But don't go near the water Broken Cp," a piece of verse after the style ot Henry Lawson, which was published in last issue of the " Western Table Talk." is a real good swinging "pome," and does credit to FhS.K. It's a shearers' lav, and is racy of the •• shed." "Now, ot course, anecdotes about our dear Queen are rife. I heard one sometime ago that struck me as being very amusing. A little girl was lunching at the Royal table, when, seeing the Queen delicately pick a bone, she cried out in childish glee, " 'On naughty piggie wiggie " We can sympathise well with the embarassment of tinperson in charge of the child, but needless to add, our beloved Oueen was very much amused." Slab from a " Sassiety" contemporary. Did that really strike the contributor, "Gwendoline," as being " very amusing " Note that the Queen's name is mentioned once without an endearing adjective being prefixed. This must have been dtie to gross carelessness on the part of the printer. Mrs. Hooligan and Mrs. Casev. two representative W.A. ladies, have called at Warden Finnertv's and signed the address which is to be presented to the Queen on the occasion of the Diamond [ubilee. Yliss Smith and Miss Brown have also signed it. Fioth these young ladies occupy positions in a well-known local hotel. Tom, Dick, and I Larry are arranging for an address to be signed by representative W.A. gentlemen. There is an ad in a Sydney paper advising people to " Go to Hell" for stamps. It is signed by one Hagen, late I). A. Vinci in and Co. Is this the same Dawson A. who is responsible for Y'inclin's Success, and the whilom successful man who conspired with Rhys-Jones to run the "Mining Journal?" Squatter G. J. Brockman, of Minilya. in the North-West, is asking the Gov. for a "total remission" of rents, inconsequence of the drought up that way. The drought, according to his account, is of unparalelled severity, all the timber, except a few river gums, having died out, and the whole country, within fifty miles of the coast, a drifting mass of earth. Mulga, snake wood, and wattle have all died out. A drought that kills mulga must be an exceedingly noxious sample. The present drought has lasted since 1894, an ( l hi addition to the timber all large stock have " quite died out" on the station. Brockman is the man who once wrote to the Agricultural Bureau (W. A.) extolling the magic virtues of the " milk bush." This bush, he averred at that time, afforded magnificent feed for stock, and remained fresh and juicy throughout the longest and severest drought. The impression we gathered from his letter at the time was that the plant would flourish " down below ," and we had some idea of selling the copyright of it to his Satanic Majesty. Has the bush now given up the ghost 5 . ; / I " Western Table Talk" " Love, they s I a >'. kuighs at locksmiths, and sportsmen : certainly laugh at Smith's handicapping. I , i ' J,at is j» s t how it is, d'ye see (Jessie) ?" The above is hereby labelled " humor" so j that people may know what they're expected j t<> see. ^ But as we don't think even the label will be sufficient, we rise: to point out the point. (Forgive 11s. evil communication, A m;lro | named Jessie was supposed | to be too leniently treated by Smith for the j Maddington Stakes, run at Canning Park j last. Saturday. The above alleged "jokelet j is one of tire things which occurred in con- ; sequence. The. really humorous part of the j business is that Jessie didn't win. I lie "bloomer" craze is fast dying out, an ! < l now it is quite a. rarity to see "a pair of ! Tin astride of the runaway buggy wheel. [ The nasty masculine element has said that | bloomers are improper, and poor woman, as I usual, has to knuckle under, and refr'aiti from " wearing em." The bikiste now propels the whirling wheel in skirts, and, where possible, rides a tandem. The main anxiety of the cycliste, at present, is as to the person who is to do the pedalling. She likes to allow her swain to undertake as much of the business of propulsion as he is willing to undertake. The marriage rate is falling with a. sickening crash in consequence of this new development. However much a man may be " spoons" on a girl, her weight tells seriously against her when he finds that he has to push a double- barreled bicycle every Saturday and Sunday afternoon. Besides, the young man can't hug his Daisy when laboriously propelling a bicvele built for two. The girls have given np making bloomers, but the young man who has spent the best part of two days in the way abovementioned generally comes to the conclusion that he has made a " bloomer." The Coolgardie Railway Superintendent has cruelly libelled the local climate. The Cool, people were congratulating themselves, on having at last escaped the torrid heats, of summer. They were, in fact, felicitating themselv es on the pleasantly cool weather when it was discovered by the Superintendent afor esaid that things were uncommonly sultry. He went out on the railway line and discovered that the rails were- " buckling," so " fierce was the heat." He sped back to the telegraph office and wired off details of the frightful heat wave that had passed over the town. Well, perhaps it was hot. We noticed several things ourselves. The office thermometer got off the nail on which it usually reposes, clambered on to the roof, and finally eloped upwards i 011 a red-hot sunbeam, frantically shouting Fxcelsior 1 Fxcelsior!" Then when we got home we found the water in our domestic waterbag boiling furiously, ready for the insertion of the fragrant Souchong. Also, there remained nothing of the faithful dog we had chained up in the morning save a small heap of ashes and the chain. Also, we accepted the invitation to have a long-un Likewise something else happened which is too numerous to particularise. These things didn't strike us at the time, but upon sober reflection and a. careful perusal of the Superintendent's report we notice that it was hot that dav. Net increase in the population of W.A during the quarter ending March 31 : Males, 11,488; females, 3,401; total, 14,889, This great colony will soon have all depopulation it needs. The " Mining Journal" (Perth), alludes to the larming community as a "shiftless, thriftless group of settlers" who, previous to the influx of population, "festered in filth and idleness in what almost an)- other group of men of British race would have converted into a prosperous community." Rhys-Jones wont be popular with "the Gropers if he continues to make remarks with his sledge-hammer in this fashion. "The blithering blarney of " Miner " (Cool.) Harney.\— W.A. population on March 31 : 108,440 males; 44,395 females; total, 152,835. Arrivals in W.A. from oversea during last quarter: 16,623 males: 4123 females: total, 20,838. 6164 persons left this colony last quarter. 20,838 came into the colony from oversea The arrivals outnumbered the departures by 14,674. /V. N. A. Skehan (Vic.; says the country is cursed with too many lily handed natives He suggests technical education in order to produce more highly skilled artisans 