1)1OCESA N (K)PI?,JE.,NCE CANON GODBY'S PAPER. The following paper was read before the recent conference by the Rev. Canon Godby, M.A., of Melbourne. THE TEXT OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. Is there a traditional Greek text of the New Testament? I take down three Greek Testaments containing the Greek only which I have had in use during the last five and twenty years, and I find that each differs from the other two. One in the text of Mills; one in the text of Scholz; and one in the text of Stevens. (I have no doubt that many here could produce many others.) And we might refer loosely to any one of them as the traditional text, or the 'textus receptus.' I suppose that prac- tically for the majority of readers any Greek Testament not containing an 'apara- tus criticus' is the traditional text. If we take the three which I have men- tioned, as being perhaps the commonest, e\e shall see what meanling, if any, canl be attached to thile word "traditional." Robert Stephen published his 'Edito Regia' in Paris in 1550. Dr. John. Mill published at Oxford 'ill 1707, and Scholz published at Leipsig in 1830. In addition to these the mlost likely text to be in commnon use is 'that of the Elzevirs, published at Leyden in 162; .and, perhaps, someone may possess Bengel's printed at Tutbingen in 1734. I take these, as 1 said, as being the manual Greek Testaments most likely to be in our 'hainds. To what extent do thley r'epresent anyfhin'g which mlay be called a tradition? Scholz. the Roman Catholic Dean of Theology in the University of Boarn, ap parently aimed at evolving his text from MS. authorities alone without any great regard to the labours of any of his pre decessors. Bengel followed the older. printed texts to the extent of admilitting into his own no readinlg that was not found in one or other of them. Mlill's text is a reproduction of Stephen's, with a few variations. The Elzevirs, who, in their preface, claim that they are giving un changed and uncorrupt the text received by all, practically reprint Stephen; and finally Stephen, while chiefly compiling his text from MSS. in tile Royal Library at Paris, acknowledges the assistance of the "Complutenlsian Polyglot," published by Cardinal Ximenees, 1517, and adopted some readings from Erasmus, whose fifth edition is dated 1535. There seems to be no tradition then, so far. The main source of all subsequent texts is no doubt the 'eiltio regia' of Stephen; yet all differ each 1from other. So far we have not looked at the first of a7l sprinted texts; theGreek of the famous "Coennplhtensia.n Polyglot," the result of many years of labour and of an expenditure reckoned at £24,000 of our money, by Cardinal Ximenes. Its great importance to our particular question lies in the fact that it ;Is the first printed text of the Greek Nelw Testament; and we may expect if there is a traditional Greek text of an antiquity 'greater than that o'f the invention of printing to find ,it here. The+ very form of the book shows us that there was no such traditional Greek text. In the Old Testament the Vulgate hold.s pride of place, with the I-H'ebrew on one side, an'd the LXX Greek on' the other, and the pre face states:--"Mediiam autem 'inter has latinam 'beati' Hieronymi translationem velut inter Synagogam et Orientalenm Ecclesiam posrimus: tanquam duoc1 huic et inde latrones. medium .autem Jesum, hoc est Romanam sive Latinam Eccleslam collocantes." What could now be said of scholarship, which identified thle LXX with the Greek Church, and likened it and the Hebrew Scriptures to the two thieves, the Vulgate, representing Jesus, in the midst. Such, however, was in Biblical p scholarship of the early 16th oentury. We to are reminded of the worn out old story of the local preacher, who, having sat ( wearily through a discussion on the Greek N. and Latin of a certain passage, desired the assembled .brethren to return to the original English. But what becomes of .the tradition? Before the beginning of the 16th century the Bible was known in Europe in, Latin, and practically in Latin only. After that time the editions of the New Testaments in Greek have been as various as the editors; and it is purely by accident if any two of us this morning have read in identical copies of the Greek Testament. I think we must say that there does not exist a traditional text of the Greek Testament. But there is a 'textus receptus,' a text that Is with which all textual critics have compared the variations which they have found in' MSS. an'd versions. Yet, even here there is not perfect agreement. Eng- lish scholars chiefly follow the third edition of Steiphen, published in 1550, and Continental scholars the second edition of the Elzevirs, published in 1633. Among English scholars, however, Dean Alford adopts the Elzevir as the received text. This is not of much consequence since the edition of Elzovirs 'is founded on the third of Stephen. Alford states that Stephen founded upon Erasmus, while Scrivener is so positive the other way as to complain that Stephen does not so much as name Erasmus and his services to sacred learning, nor adopt him for a model of his earlier editions; but that in his third edition only he adopts many read ings of Erasmus, and some from the "Compiutenslan." The "Complutcnsian Polyglott," magni- ficent work as it was, does not seem to have been founded upon any mnanuscript of value.In spite of the fact that this com- pilation cost Ximenes ,no less than £24,000, I modern textual critics have not been able to identify among existing codices any of 'those which the Cardinal seems to have procured at such vast expense. His pre- p face states:-"That not any sort of models Shad been used for this inmprint," but in l the place where they should be foun'd, nanlely, the Ulniversity Library at Alcala, i1 "models" of anty sort have been found, at least for the Greek New Testament, The readings of the "Complutensian" are said to be "not widely different from s those of the codices 'written froml the tenth century downlwards." It has been Scharged that the Greek of the "Contplu f tenslan" was largely corrupted from the parallel Latin text. Certainly one whole verse I. John, v., 7, was interpolated. SWhen in 1518 Erasmus enquired whether the editors of the "Complutensian" bad a found MSS. containing so serious a varia e tion from ally he had seen as the verse of the heavenly witness the reply was e sent: -"You must lknow that the Greek codices are corrupt, hut that ours contain the very truth." Another instance 'of the cnow almost incredible ignorance of the value of Greek which iprevailed among BLblical scholars of the early 16th century. But the consequence's cwere serious, for Erasnlus having issued the challenge that if the verse 'ere found in any one Greek MIS. he would insert it in his forthcoming now edition of the New Testament, a 1MS. was found inll Britain-now identified with the Cod. Montfordianus, in the Trinity College Library, Dublin--contain le ing the words, and Erasmus 'inserted them; and tile English translators translated them:--"There are three that bear record in ,heaven, the Father, the -Word, and the e Holy Ghost, and these three are one." It But this Js not the worst legacy which Sthe 'textus recep'tus,' and through it the English auhorised version has received froell Erasmus. HI-e w'orked 'in a hblurry. A worthy pulblisher at Basle, he'aring that Ca'dlun'al limenes was absouat to pltbl'ish, and desiring to be first 'in the market, sent anll invitation to Erasmnis, who was these lectbuting at Cambnridge, anid urged himn to edit a Greek ediltion of the New Tosta vment. Erasmus was very poor, and m3rolben t promnised to give him as match as any other publisher would. The proposal was sent 'in April, 1515. The pulblisrIlr's pr'e ', face was w'r,iiten in Felbruary, 31516. Ten 10 monoithbs, not only to halve 'brought ot 'ont any solt of edi't;ion, buit to have criti in cally examined the whole text, ini Greek, it anid that not rashly nor at small pains, but it in? conlsultatdl'on with very mainy of the best le cotdices, bot:h of Laitin and Greek, and is those not of all sorts, but tlhe :most ancient in rand mest correect. 'Ihaslt is hlis account is of his work in Iris dietlicatl?on ito Pope Leo I X. He enote 'his dedicaltion on Fe:bruary ci 1. 1516. 'He had received his commlission Ir on April 17, 1515. Shall we marvwel a't his It diligence or el'otubt hiss veracity? Sorivener descrilbes ErasmIus's first edtifon as tylpo if grlaphically the m:ost facilIty he henclws; and '- no 'wonder. l?raslnls seenns to have used n his codices th'enselves as printer's copy, it and to h.ave made nco transcription, and 'wh:ere t?te Greek failed him, as it did n Ile!albly ill the list volerses of the Apoca Slypse. he boldly enladle Gresel for him'self. Greek which ?till stands as 17aelt of the textus rIeceptus.' The TSS. which he hlad wce~re few, and all etl'rsives. Onely one sseonms to lave been lof ally particular valcue ned that ice hle ulsed little. .In thIeO Syear beforle his deartih, 1515, Elnasmus pub lished thle ifith edition of hlis te.t. hiaing t taken mnol·ro pains over his sucbsequelnt StflJ.a hle did over ?nlis first issue, and hav i, ng, espedially in his rf~clth edftton, 10 greatly alnoend(ed his text fro?mi tlle CoeCpl. Ic Pol. e StepIhen was a printer in 'Paris, living e mnd 'woerking under the patronag?e of 1e FIancis I. anld I'en'ly II. He speaks in er his preface of hel?a8ing emplelc:ed "Codices ,ipea vtustatiss. spedie poce a'doran'dlos," st and professes to hlave been so calreful in Is his edliting tha't hlardly one singie letter tf is i'hithout the conflrminig a~uthlority of re nahny books of th'e best sort. In his third dy ldiltion, 1550, he entered in. bhe m:argin he itie various re~d?ings of his a thmCel.tiles, et thus giving the first text -wi'th apparatus 1e criticus. He ,ptcfessed to h?rve collated ht the whole of sixteen autheoritlies of wvhich L the Compl'tenstian was one. l-is citation's ln of 'the Comnpleutenslan, ihowever, are farlse, 'y i'n a great many places. IHis best MS. was s Codex Bezi, the D of 'uncial SISS. 1e of the Gospels and Acts, of thee 'igicest SantiquitLy, (but containing neany rnmacrk able varications flom nall hnosn authorbt Sties. It was given by Beza to the Unilver sity oif Cambridge in 1581. Trhe identifi cn ttion of ~Stephen's ot1her MSS. has not ic poeleeded bheyond conljectburce. S T'he Elzevis of Leyden puiblishced their i first edition in 16142, and the second 10 of 1633. Thesy vary in a very- small degree Sfrom' Stephen's of 1550, the ovariations of lid tall sorts numihbering probaibly less tilan 300 in tho whole book. Its popula'l'ty we as gained by the extreme beauty of its printing, and Its publishers do not claim to have consulted any original MSS. 'I must not weary you by giving details of any later printed editions of the Greek N.T. I think 'we have seen enough to come Ito the conclustion that as there is no tra- dition in favour of any Greek text, so there is no critical value to be attached to eitcier of the texts, which may be called thie received text. They were comipiled before the oldest and the best of known MSS. had been discoverEd, and their corn- pila't'ion itself marks the very first begin- ning of textual cri'ticism; but their com- piltrs had neither the mnaterial upon which to .work, aor the skill and training wherenwidth to work. But when we say that the rntmatal Greek Testanmenibs, which are in the hands of alll, and supply the devotional readings of all, are of no critical value, let us be care- ful to guard ourselves from being mis- understood. In their preface to their most unasterly text, Westcott and Hort put the positioa thus: 'With regard to the great bulk of the words of the, Now Testa- menul there is no variation or other ground of dloubt, and therefore no room for textual xilticisun. . . The prorportion of wecrds accepted on all] bands' as raised above doubt is very great, not iss on a rough computation than, seven-eighths of the whole. The remalining eighth, there fore, formed in. great part by changes of order and obbher comvparative triviallities, constitltutes the whole area of criticism. The office of te.xtual criticism is to reduce Sthis very smnall residuum withlin the nar a nwest posslble limit. 'The lack of value wthen of the manuatl Greek Testaments, \- which we comuimonly use as authorit'ies Swhere readings are 6? di'spu'te, does not t argue a conrespondi'n~g lack of value of the b ook .for our every dwy purposes. More than 180 years a'go, Bentley, the greatest of English sch'olars, himnsetf the planner of an indepandent text fou:n'ded only upon Sthre best authorities, wr1te thus: "The real text of the sacred 'writers 'does not nowy lie in any MS. or edition, but is dispersed ain them all; nor is one article of the faith or an'oral precept thereby diverted or lost inm them,. IChoose as' a;wkiwarrdy as you will, choose the worst by design., out of the whole litump .of readin'gs; even put ihom in the hainds of a lknave or a fool, and yet with the mnaost sin'i'strous and alb surd choice, he shiall not extlingulish the light of onle choipter, nbr so disguise Chridetanlity, but thalt every feature of it will still be the same." "Thus," adds Scrivener, "bath God's Providence kept from harm thhe treasureof hisw ritten word, so far as is needed for the quiet assurance of His church and people." It seems, then, that we arrive at three conclusions. First, that there exists no text of the Greek Testament which has any claim to be called traditional: secondly, that any text which we may happen to possess is sufficient as containing effectively the whole Christian revelation; and thirdly, that the text commonly known as 'textus receptus' is of no value or authority where readings are in dispute. It does not, for instance, help to establish the geniineness of the last half of 'Marlc xvi., or of the story of the wonman takling in adultery in St. John 10 vii., 53, to viii., 11, to say that Stephen or Elzerir or Esrasmius of the Compl. P?l. co:t:alns or do(es not conltain them. It probably lies out of the power of textual criticism to restore to us the 'ipsissimh Svoiba' of our sacred writings. Except f dirom a sentimental paint o'f view we should not be grieatly the gainers if it 0 nould. Bnu.t textual crliticism may, and I firmly believe will, ultimately produce a text separated from the sacred autographs by so short a time as to make impossible it that other criticism which is seeking to dissolve the sacred story upon which all depends into mythical legends, which Christians have woven about the memory of their hero. It does not lie within the power of us living here in the ends of the earth to do anything in the great work in this direction which is being done. But we can thank God that by the power of His indl'ellinlg and spirit the church has through all the centuries guarded the sacred trust of His word given into her keeping. We can ourselves treasure and diligently study "the sacred writings, which are able to make wise unto salvation, through faith, which is in Christ Jesus." ============= 