PUBLIC MEETING IN FAVOR OF THE SCHEME. APPOINTMENT OP A COMMITTEE. The proposed city railway 'was considered at a largely-attended meeting held at the Chamber of Commerce yesterday afternoon. Alderman J. Upward, Mayor of Ashfield, pre- sided. He explained that the meeting was called by the City Railway Extension Alliance, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken to further the movement to extend the railway into the city. He thought the meeting need not waste time discussing the merits of the proposal, but might discuss at once what were the best steps to take toasslst to carry the pro posal Into effect. Mr. R. B. Cropley, hon. secretary of the City Railway Extension Alliance, said a great deal of correspondence had taken place between the alli ance and the various suburban municipalities and country people on the subject of railway extension. It was found that suburban residents and country people were In favor of railway extension Into the city. (Applause.) Some peo ple thought a public meeting should be held in the Town-hall, Sydney, and the claims of the proposal urged as forcibly as possible. Person ally he was opposed to a public meeting. The Government favored tho scheme, and from his point of view a public meeting would carry no greater weight than the present assemblage. Other persons favored a proposal to have peti tions in favor of the extension sent out for sig nature. These, It was urged, and he rather agreed with this view, would counteract the opin ion put forth at the meeting held tho other night in the Town-hall. ("Hear, hear.") Up to the present 71 councils had replied in favor of the scheme. ("Hear, hear.") Some councils certainly said that too much money had been spent on the city already, but that was merely the opinion of councillors who were not always right. They wanted more light lines, they said, but these people did not grasp the situation lnarmuch as they failed to see that tho exten sion of the railway Into the city would be of great benefit to country people. ("Hear, hear.") Dr. Quaife said, as one who had taken a great interest in this matter for years, and as one who knew most about the various schemes, he was prepared to say that he considered tho present scheme tlie best yet recommended. He had no doubt about the proposal passing tho Assembly, seeing that there was a majority of 24 In favor of tho scheme going to the Public Works Commit tee. Personally ho could conceive no posslblo objection to tho scheme. . Its merits were its best support. What opposition had been shown to the proposal seemed to him to be feebie. When people opposed a work like the present hy talking about ghosts, they certainly had a sorry case. (Laugh ter.) But nevertheless there was a powerful body working against the proposed extension. And ho wus not so sure that they would receive the sup port of the Legislative Council. Therefore he was inclined to think that it would be better to have a public meeting, because peoplo would say tbey bad no case, and they were not game, and that sort of thing. Mr. John Stinson, Mayor of Burwood, said the residents of the western suburbs were in earnest in this matter, and were anxious to see the scheme carried out. ("Hear, hoar.") The present stage had been reached by long and constant agi tation. and ho thought it would be a mistake not to persist in agitation until the scheme was car ried to a success. (Applause.) People In the east ern as well as the western suburbs should favor tho railway extension, because they would ulti mately benefit by It— ("hear, hear")— and he con sidered it to be their bounden duty to show to the people and to the Parliament that they were de termined to have the railway into the city, as a matter of right, and not as a matter of grace. (Applause.) The work was a national one, and tho sooner they could impress that view upon tho country the better for the scheme. The com mission had arrived at their decision after much consideration, and hy the method of exclusion. It was the best scheme that had been proposed. (Applause.) If the Hyde Park scheme was not adopted, there would bo no city railway, they could depend upon that. He, therefore, sup ported the proposal to hold a public meeting in the Town-liall, and ho thought It would be a good tiling If extracts were made from the late Mr. Eddy's evidence, and from the documents com piled by the commission, and have them dis seminated all over tho country. Mr. Alexander Wilson spoke In favor 'of a pub lic mooting, and his views were supported by Mr. P, J. Brennan, who advocated in addition the ap pointment of a committee to arrange the details for the meeting. Ultimately," It was decided that a public meet ing should be held in the Town-hall, In favor of the scheme for extending the reallway into the city, ' and that tho following gentlemen ho the committee:— Messrs. Alex. Wilson, J. Stinson, P. J. Brenns.il. Cansdell, Dr. Quaife, J. G. Thompson, Thomas Miller, J. Sands, G. J. Waterhouse, Dr. Hodgson, Georgo Evnns, Clarkson, and Grelg, with power to add to their number. It was decided to send out petitions In favor of tho scheme tor signature. 