hb^i^!- mm. A DETECTIVE STORT. JpS 'LICENCE L-. LYNCH (BMlurdocli van Deventer), author of *'No Proof;' 'Moina,' etc. CHAPTER XXV.— {Continual.) ??'? ? The detective began with a brief sketch of the Brierly^ brothers, and then described, vividly, the discovery of Charles Brierly's dead, body beside the lake at Glenville. He paused here, and his voice grew stern as he resumed— .' ? l . 'I had never seen Charles Brierly in life; but, standing beside Ills dead body, looking down into that face so lately inspired by a manly, strong soul, I knew that here was murder. There was no possibility of acci dent, and such men, I know, do not cheat death by meeting him half way. It was a murder, and yet he -had no enemies, they said. ? '.- . : .. .?..'/? . . 'The case interested -me. from the first, and when I had seen the sorrow of -the fair girl he loved, and who loved him, I gave myself eagerly to the work of seeking the author of this most cowardly blow. 'That night I walked the streets of Glen ville alone, and, passing a certain fashionable boarding house, I saw, in a room lighted only by the late moonbeams, the shadow of a wo man, who paced the floor with her bare arms tossing aloft in a pantomime of agony, or shame.' He glanced about him. The two lawyers were standing side by side near the :. door, erect and stern. The man in the chair oppo site was affecting an 'incredulous' indifference. The room was intensely still when the voice ceased and no one stirred or spoke. 'Next morning, early, I viewed the scene of the crime, and I saw how easily. the destroyer might have crept upon an unsuspecting vic tim, owing to the formation of the shore, the shelter of the trees and- shrubs, and the pro tection of the curving Indian Mound. There had been showers two days before, and in . certain spots, -where the sun did not pene trate, the. earth was still; moist. . Under a huge tree, just where the slayer might have stood, I found the print of a dainty shoe, or rather, the pointed toe of it. In two, other sheltered places I found parts of oilier foot prints, and, «i little off the -road,, in a clump of underbrush. I found two well-formed foot prints, all alike, small, and pointed at the toe. But I found something more in that hazel thicket. I found my first- convincing, con victing clue. Ii was just a shred, a thread of a black mourning veil, such as widows wear. Later I found a poor simpleton who ? had been in the wood on the morning of the murder, and who had been horribly terrified. For a time he would only cry out that lit had seen a ghost, but by and by he grew more communicative, and from what he then said— for he described the 'ghost' at last' as a thing all white with a black face— I knew hew to account for a white fragment which I found not far from the black one! A hired carriage had passed over that lakeside road on that fatal morning, and I learned that the lap cover: with it was, 'large and white.' Large enougn to cover a woman of small stature, who, with a black veil drawn close across lier features, and rising suddenly from among that clump of hazel, could easily ter ? rify a simpleton into leaving the place where his presence was a. menace.' He paused a moment, but he might as well have been looking upon carven statues. No' one stirred; -no one spoke, and he resumed his fateful .story. 'Then came the inquest. ' I believed, even, then, that J knew the hand that took Charles Brierly's life. But I did not know the mo tive, and, until I did. my case was a weak one. Besidie, a woman sometimes strikes and still deserves our pity and protection. 'I must know . the motive,' I said, and waited. Then, at the inquest, as Robert Brierly, the ?Tjrdtner' df- the ; dead 'man, whose presence trr 1 the town 'Was' known to: only a few; 'canie for-' ward to testify,, a woman; who did not know him, and whom he did not Imbw,; fainted at sight of him; and was taken .out if court. Then I knew the motive.' V ^ '-..?'. :. ''Ah-h-h!' ,;'. A quaerssighlhgisdnnd cscapefi the lips bf the -woman still ;slitlng stonily. erect before him; but i.e Jitirrpfl, -;$&; : ./'Bui 'knowledge is- tfot' always /Jjroof— in ai iebifirt of law— and Iimist~hav£ ?proofi That night a woman dressed as a boy, 'by courage .and Running '-Combined, forced her way Into -the rooms .so lately -flecufiied by: Charles Brierly. Fear of detection vhtLd begun its work .upon her niind, and :^he went most of all,' to*- try and throw justice off the track. In Brierly's. desk she left a letter, very con spicuously placed, an anonymous letter, so framed as to throw suspicion upon the dead man's betrothed. This 'again, showed the woman's hand. She also carried away a watch, a pistol, and some foreign jewellery and dainty bric-a- brac, to make the work seem that of a thief; and last, she found, upon a letter file, a : newspaper clipping, which she also caried away. If. she had left that I might have overlooked its value. As It was, I found, the paper from which it had been cut, securedfb second copy, and dis covered my chie to the tangle. It was an advertisement^ for the heirs of one Hugo Paisley, and I soon found that the Brierly brothers were the sought-for neirs. Then I knew that Robert Brierly's life was also men aced, and I warned him, and tried, to set a guard about him. 'In the meantime a boat had been found, not far from the scene of the shooting; it had been seen on the lake that morning, and its occupant wa' a spy, keeping watch up and down the road, and the hillsides, while his confederate carried out their programme of death; I had already fixed upon the woman, ?and nowwe began to look for the man.' -Just here the man calling himself Latham got hup stiffly, and moved toward the window near the clerk's desk, where he leaned against the casement, as if looking down ..upon the street. No one seemed to notice him, and the narrator went on: \- 'And now I -had to find my final convincing proofs of the motive and^the deed. The brothers Brierly were, all unknown to them selves, the heirs to the Paisley estates, and of Hugo Paisley, by descent. Tfirough some error the murderers of Charles Brierly had been led to think him the sole living member of the -family, and when Robert Brierly stood forth at the inquest, the woman who had shot down his brother with hand and heart of steel, fell fainting at the sight of him, and, perhaps, at the thought of her wasted crime. 'And now it was a drawn game, in which both sides were forced to move with caution, and, for a time, I could only watch the wo man, on the one hand, and the safety of Ro bert Brierly on the other, for he now stood between the plotters and their goal. 'But despite my watchfulness, the second blew fell, and the first time Robert Brierly ventured upon the city street alone, after dark, ie was struck down, almost at his own door. It was a dangerous injury, and, lest the assassins should find a way to complete their work, we took him away, as soon as he could be moved.' The woman was sitting very erect now, her eyes smouldering behind the gleaming glass es, her hands tightly clenched upon her knee. ' ' ? ' 'I knew that we must force the issue, then,' Ferrars went on. 'And Mr. Myers came over here to substantiate his client's claim to the Paisley estates, and to look up the pedigree, the past and present history, of the, other claimants. How well he succeeded need not here be told. He did succeed.' Mrs. Latham had risen to her feet, and, for a moment, seemed struggling for compo sure, and the power to speak-clearly. 'All this.' she said then, 'which is very strange, does not explain why you dispute iny claim in favor of a dead man. As for this murder — if you have proved what you charge ? ' 'One moment,' Ferrars broke in. 'Let me add. in that connection, that one night one of my agents, in the character of a burgler. .entered this woman's room at her hotel in j Glenville. She found in a trunk, the ~veil J -frbnf' which the black fragment, found on the bush, was torn; and- also a suit of boy's t clothes. ? ; v^CbjB veil7 die brought: away, -the V cloSies ^ere^iyen ? away, to a poor woman j only,- this Morning; and-she sold them ta^my ;[ agent: '?*?{?&& ^jforlthe.:' ^naSi,- 'he :has.fbeefir:i|raee;dv toy-i&eris;&Jea; :$ira.fcii: and jewe^d^r£a^^t|;; Se^e^Sal^'anaXdia fawju/ jhiegi^pMi ^^tiB^eW-^rki^d^^iB' pijidStL L;%r j&fet;^hp^|SRlfit'Mt veyidence'ls ' eoinplfeibe; *^fe' i|ig;^ose}is; ;aQ^d^:tor^nviCit/^j|sei^o^^^ . T;he ' 'woman's f ace^ was': ^^|te ^aiid iseL :^A3K% *$U|*t JehV^said^in ?&? fe$)M ; ? toS*, . 'yore cMve^^,pjcb'\^ iesfcacte ^js; not &we-;$0!082i ' llr/Srierly^ tif&ejder;, being deafl!'. V'' '-'??? V'-'-r--' ???.'.-.?.?: ^ :'\%''.'- '. , '? - ^'Eyeri go, the see6bd wife _/of -iGastongLat:-: fl&m;:: cannot inherit,'*and:ier .?'.broQier^ej^ffl: in theicliaracter of' brptner^in4aw,:'iean!BOt ; snare' the inheritance. ,.'One mom^t,'-:fpr;'the 'wor Bian' seamed about to ^speakl .' *'Lei ime^.end this. Last night, in room number Jeight at a -certain cafe. I jheard' the plotteis- ia jceiH ference, and I know that the daughter ot Mrs. Cramer, who would have inherited after the Brierlys, is dead. The game is ./up, Mr. Harry Levey. . You and your sister have1 aimed two heavy strokes at the happiness of two noble women, and the lives of two good men, but the final stroke is mine! And now, Mrs. Jamieson,' if that is: ? ' He did not finish the sentence. The. man Levey had drawn closer and closer to. the inner door while Ferrars spoke, and now with a swift spring, he hurled himself against it, plunged forward and would have fallen had not Fer rars, always alert, bounded after him, and caught him as he fell. For the inner door had opened suddenly, at his touch, and when Ferrars drew the now struggling man back ward, and away from it, the others in the room saw, in the doorway, a man and woman side by side. At sight of Robert Brierly's face -the wo man, who had faced the .ordeal of denuncia tion and conviction almost without a quiver,' threw up her hands, and uttering a shrill screain, a cry of mortal : terror and anguish, fell forward upon her face. Then came a moment of excited movement, which would have been confusion but for the quick wit of Ruth Glidden, and the coolness and energy of the detective. While the entrapped villain was straggling like a fiend in the grasp of four strong men, Ruth knelt beside the fallen woman and lift ed her head. ? ' . The next moment two or three officers came hastening in, and Ferrars and Brierly, seeing their captive in safe hands, came together to her aid. She looked up at them with a questioning face. 'Did you know?' she asked, her face full of horror. 'Did you know her?' Ferrars nodded, and as the officers led their captive, cursing and blustering, out at one door, he lifted the senseless woman, and car ried her to the couch in the inner room. 'Bring water!' Ruth commanded, 'and leave her to me.' As the two men closed the door between them and the two so strangely different wo men, Brierly laid a hand upon the detective's shoulder. '\ 'Ferrars,' he said, 'what did Ruth mean? Who is that' terrible woman? And how is she concerned in your story? It is time I should know the truth.' 'Quite 'time. That woman is Mrs. Jamie son, or the person you knew under that name. She is cleverly disguised, but I expected some such trick.' She went to 'the States' to rid herself of you and your brother; and she took that man, who is really her o*d brother, and who tried to kill you, as her fel low criminal.' ' . ? i 'And did she— *— ' Brieriy stopped, shud dering. ?! ' 'She shot your brother; there is not a doubt of it.' . . ' . ' ? 'My God! And I thought ? '' They were alone in the office, and Brierly dropped weak ly into- the nearest chair and dropped his face upon his hands. 'You thought,' finished Ferrars, 'that I was interested in the woman. I was. I suspected her from the very first, and so did Hilda Grant.' In. the inner room, Mrs. Jamieson opened her eyes and looked up to ?? meet the gaze hi the fair woman who was in all things- what she was not. ' |' MtutK Benf over her,, a glass of water in her hand,' 'Drink this, Mrs. Jamieson,' she said, sim P1?- ... A-.*iudder like a .death -throe shook the re ?cumbeht form. She lifted herself by one elbow, and caught at the glass, drinking greedily. Then, still holding the glass, she said slowly: ' . 'Then you know me?' 'Yes.' 'How?' ? ; . . * 'By .?your voice, a little, but mostly by What Mr. Ferrars said.' ?Mr. Ferrars!'- she gasped. 'Do you mean him?' 'I mean the man you have called- Grant. Did- you never guess that he was a detec tive?' . :-:?? 'And he knew!' The woman arose to her full, height and again,, as on a night long since, and In another country, her arms were tossed above her head, as Ruth nodded her answer, and lor a moment her face was aw- 1 ful to look upon, so tortured, so despairing, ' so full of wrath and wretchedness and soul torture and heart agony, for women can love and suffer, though, their souls be steeped in crime.. - ? ? -? , ? -. Sura, who haa taken the half- emptied glass from her hand as she struggled to her feet, now put it down, and, startled by her look arid manner^ moved toward the door, but the woman, her face ghastly, cried 'Stop!' with such agonised entreaty that the girl drew back. ' ' (To be continued.) 