|A STIRLINGSHIRE PLOUGH- MAN'S STORY. We were gathered round the bothy fire one cold winter night when the conversation tnmedj on ghosts Bach member of tbe company hadj some thrilling tale to tell, either of bis own ez perience, or that of someone else, and when it came to Bob Morris' turn he remarked, " I suppose, boys, none of you ever heard mo tell of my experience P" " Never," we chorused. " Let's hear it. Bob P" and he began as follows :— " Some fifteen years ago 1 was serving at |Bankend, on the west side of Denny 1 was jsecond man on the farm, and shared the bothy with two other young fellows, and a haremscarum set we were ; few ploys occurred in tbe district that we bad no hand in How well I remember the midnight raid we planned on an old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood about half a mile from the farm The night selected was well suited for our purpose, there being no moon. Reaching the garden, we scaled tbe wall, and iu a short time bad our pockats well: lined with apples, besides tilling a small sack,, when the owner of tbe vineyard suddenly) appeared. Bob Jones, who was on tbe top of the wall with the bag, dropped safely on the other side, and we lost no time in following. »But the old fellow was not to be done so easily, and we soon discovered he was on our tnck. About half-way to the farm we came upon an old deserted mansion called Cowanhank, which stood by tbe side of tbe road, and bad the reputation of being haunted. Never *ery particular at any time we were less so now, and bad scarcely concealed ourselves in one of lower rooms when the old fellow came puffing; up. He paused irresolutely opposite the house, ««Next day we beard that ' Daft Jack,' the {Tillage ' natural,' was boasting how he had (frightened some chaps at the « big boose' the pight before, and we were inclined to believ» bis statement, when, on investigation, we fonnd jtbat the bag of fruit left behind in our hany had disappeared. As we had a two-fold object, (however, in keeping silent on the subject, Jock teas allowed to TTimr raster of the siUptfaai 