CHAPTER XXXI. I i ■MfiTTT'Fi'R,S SAD STQBY. 1“ Your daughter l" gasped the young maujand he regarded his oompanien as it ho thought aha had suddenly taken leave of her senses. “Yes, my very own. 1( “ Then—then you must he—•— 11 Your grandmother. Yes, if you oaro to own me as suoh,’' MIbs Forteeque returned, with considerable bitterness. “ I do not understand—I oannot compre hend 1 ” faltered Arohie, whoHe mystified oountenanoe would have been an Interesting study for an artist. “ That is not strange,” the woman replied, “ It is no wonder that you oannot compre hend how a woman, In my position, answer*, inz only to the name of and figuring before the world as Miss Fortes qui^i," rich old maid—should have been tfc'e mother of this beautiful girl, and, through her, claim relationship with you.” *8* . Arohie’s lushed and troubled raoo told but toe plainly how keenly her wards cnt him, althongh he made no response. “ How strange it Is,” she resumed, after a moment of’ profound thought, “ that secrets, whioh we suppose to have been bnriei so deep that there can be no possi bility of their ever being unearthed, should suddenly rise to oonfront us, like a restless ghost of the past, when we least expect It! Arohibald Wellington, I h?.vo carried suoh a secret In the depthB of my soul for more than fifty years—a seoret whioh I firmly bolievod would go unrevealed with mo to my grave. But here, in mid ocean, I am com pelled by a stranger, ol whose existence I was unaware a week ago, to throw open the innermost reoesaea of my heart, and oonfeas that which no one now living, save myself, ever even suspected,” «* Madame,” Archie here Interposed, with •n air of proud, though quiet dignity, which made his companion's eyes softan with an expression of unwonted tenderness, “I beg that you will not feel oDinptllid to make any revelations to me which racy be at all harrowing to your feeling”. Of course it Is but natural that I ehoald desire to know the history of my dear mother, who to me was the embodiment of all that was most beautiful and exalted in life ; but I wonld prefer te forego all suoh knowledge rather than wring from you a seoret whioh may be both saored and painful to you.' •« My young friend, your kind considers* tlon does you great credit,” Miss PcrteFquo remarked, as she bent upon him a look cf approbation, “and betrays a refinement of feeling that touches me deeply. I have confessed to you my relationship to your mother, whioh I have suspected from the moment when you told mo that her nrane was Helen, and also that you believed her (o have been an Eoglishwoman.” “ There have doubtless boon many Helens who were Englishwomen," Arohie began smiling Blightty, but thinking that was hardly sufficient ground to warrant her suspicions. “ True, but you strongly resemble your mother, and that resemblance impressed me immediately , bnt this likeness settles tbs question with me. But If I go no farther In my revelations to you —if I do not exp'ain away oeristn doubts and snsploionB, whioh you oannot fail to entertain, yon would go your way when wo reaoh Now Y-rk, and carry a aora heart in your bosom all your life, and I shou d lose a link out of mine, whioh, since I have discovered it, I would cot part with under any oiroumstanoes. Archibald, if, after I have told you the Btory of my past, yon oen own and give mo a little affection, as your mother's mother, I believe chat my declining years will be happier than r I have over dared to hope.” Arohie was deeply moved by this appeal, and something very like kindred feeling surged through his heart for the aged woman beside him. “You have nhown yourself manly and tender, from the moment of onr meeting, ’ Miss Fortesque resumed ; “ your kindness te me—-a perfect stranger and a crabbed old woman, at that—at the hotel in Liverpool, and your thoughtlul attentions since, have aronBed a very warm feeling In my heart for you, and I am free te say that I should bo very proud to claim you ns my daugnter s son.” “ I fear that you overrato what have been no more than the commonest courtesies,’ Arohie modestly returned. “ If you regard them ss simply common courtesies, they have not been very plentiful in my life 5 though, perhaps, I have been somewhat to blame, for I warn yon I am not always the most amiabie creature in the world—Indeed I have relatives who have bestowed npon me the very significant appellation of ‘ the porcupine/ ” Miss For sesque responded, with a grim smile. Then, notiolng the twinkle of amusement In Arohie’s eves, she added: “And yon also may live to learn that I have been rightly named. Bat new for my story," she continued, with a sigh. “ When I was a girl, eighteen years old, I lost my mother, and during the next two years I and my sister, who was bnt twelve months younger, were left to the care of a governess. My father was a very wealthy lauded pro prietor, with a rent-rol1 that yielded him a very large inoomc. He was «a generous bb a prince, and there was nothing in the world he would not do for his ohildren, whom he idelised, I had one brother, who was a few years my senior, and who, at the time I speak of, was an officer in hor majesty’s service. Our governess was a highly-educated woman, bnt she was not fond of yonng people, and, after onr lessens were ever, she never paid much attention Co ns—althongh it was understood that she waB to have a general oversight of onr lives and ooonpatteus ; and thus we were left, a great deal of the time, to amuso ourselves ss we chose. “Daring a season which we spent in London, 1 studied under a noted mnsioiaD, whe, however, was a comparatively yonng man, very handsome and well cultivated. To make a long story short, we fell in love with each other, and the honrs assigned for my lessons, Instead of being devoted to mnsloal instruction, became simply inter views of the must sentimental nature. In three months we were betrot hod lovers; and, finally, knowing that my {ether would never aanotion enr onion, we agreed npon a seoret marriage." “The ceremony was performed very quietly, in a modest little church in a suburb ef London, and, for a oonple of weeks, we believed ourselves to be in para dise, I going to and from my heme, osten sibly fur my daily lesson, as nBnal. Then there oame a blow that nearly deprived me of my reason, and shattered all my earthly hopes. My husband, on returning from Richmond, where he had been to give a lesson, was killed-” “Killad?” exclaimed Arohie, in a voice of horror, “Yes,” returned Miss Fortesque, with white lips ; “there was a railway aooident, and ho was oruBhed and mangled beyond recognition. He was only identified by the name on his music-roll—even some papers, whioh were in an inner pocket of hlB vest, and among which, I have every reason to believe, was eur marriage certificate, were so mangled and discolored- as to be entirely illegible. The news of thlt horrible aooident made me almost insane with grief, and yet I felt obliged to hide my Borrow, lest I should exoite the suspicions of my father. I dared not oonfess to him what I had done, for he was an intensely proud man, and I knew that he would never allow mo to acknowledge, before the world, my relations to him whom I had clandestinely married. So I crushed baok into my heart my blighted anguish, and bore my burden in silence, But it wore upon me—I lost flash, strength, odor, and felt no interest in life ; my nights were Bpent in weeping, my days in a oon tinual straggle fer an unnatural calmness, “ Several months passed thns, and then my father became alarmed at my oontinual feebleness. He wished me to consult a physioian, but this I utterly refused to do. Then he proposed a season of travel, think ing that a change might perhaps be bene fioial; but 1 begged him instead to send me to my old nurse—who had married and was living in the country—and let her care for me until I grew better. He consented to this plan, and, with a great burden lifted from my heart, I sent for the woman to oome to me at onoe, when, knowing that 1 must have both help and sympathy from her, I confessed aU my trouble to her. •« Her great good heart went out to me at onoe, and ahe took me away to her quiet home, where Bhe oared for mo with the utmost tendernesB, and when my little girl was born, no one save herself and I were the wiser for the fact. Of oonrao I knew I could never olaim my child, and she promised to eare for her until she should be eld enough to require a governess, when, she assured me, some way would be opened to provide for her future.” *' And this child was*“my mother ? ” said Arohle, inquiringly. “Yes; there can be no doubt of it," replied Miss Fortesque, " as I will prove to you later. I named her Helen Talfonrd— the latter being her father's surname, and she grew up believing that she was an orphan, aid the child of some distant rela tive of 1 Numb Hammond,’ who was au un usually refined woman for ene In her position. When'Helen was eight years old, I provided a competent governess for her, but deolded that it was best for her to still remain with nurse, whore I oonld visit her frequently, without exciting comment, to aresrtain what progress Bhe was making in her studies, and provide for all her needs and wants. She became deeply attached to me, and I loved her with an affection almost as absorb ing as that which 1 had bestowed upon her father. As years went on, she proved to bo unusually bright and olever, giving promise of exceeding beauty, and then I began to regret most bitterly that I bad not confessed my marriage, at the outset, so that I might have olaimed her and reared her si a ohild of tae family.” “ it is a moat romantlo story, but a very sad one," Arabia observed, as Mias Fortesque paused a moment. “ Yes, and I ruined both my life and hers hy that one false step—my seoret marriage. That was doubtless what your mother meant —with, perhaps, som9 reference to her own mistake—when she told yen never to ask a girl to marry you .secretly. Wheu Helen was eleven and I thirty, my father died. Previous' to this my brother had resigned his commission and married, after which, taking his inheritance, he went to America, for the troubles and perplexities which. f'>r a few years, had been oaused by dishonest stewards and misohievr.us tenants had dis gusted him with the life my father was bving, and he wished to try something different. My slater had also married, but her buBband proved to be a man of no prin ciple, who squandered his own fortune, and then tried to wring her settlements from her. I alone had remained at home, refusing all offers of marriage, although my father often urged me to settle my future while he was living ; but a? heart was in the grave with my lost dear on“, and, loving him only, I oonld never he another man’s wife." Tears rushed involuntarily to Archie's eyea as she said this, for her face was almost Convulsed with agony, as she thus recalled the bitter past. “Bat, to go haok to the time of my father’s death,” she resumed, after conquer ing her emotions. “ As there wrb no one to manage his estate, it was cold, and his wealth divided among hie three children. My sister and her husband, after receiving their share, went to live upon ihe 0 mtinent, and my brother wrote, begging mo to oumo to hi® in America But this invitation I declined. I could not leave my child—I felt that I must remain near her, oven though I oonld never acknowledge my relationship to her, so I purchased a pretty villa, not far from Nurse Hammond’s home, and, for years, reaided there, alone with my servants. I had Helen with me a great deal, however, and the years between that time and her eighteenth birthday wero among the happiest I bad ever known. She became very lovely, both in oharaoter and person, as she grew toward womanhood, and I often longed to teil her the truth. But her one great failing wii3 a morbid ssnBitive ness, and I feared the result upon her. She had just passed her eighteenth birth, day when I was taken suddenly 111, My physician pronounced my condition very serious, and deoided that I must go to Lon don, and Bubmit to a critical operation, saying It wao the only chance I had for my life; but he refused to express any opinion as to whether I should oomo safely ont cf the trying ordeal. I believed I Bhould not live through it, and, sending immediately for Helen, I confided to her the secret of my yonth and of her birth. I wanted hsr to recognise mo as her mother before I died, and to know the reason why I had willed her all that I possessed ; while, in ease I lived and regained my health, I bad resolved that I would brave the world, acknowledge her, and have ths oomfort of her preEenoo In my home during my declining years. Bat the child was so shocked and wounded, to the very centre of her soul, upon learning the truth—how J had looked the oonrage to acknowledge her, and had thus ooademned her to a life of obscurity, that she proudly refused to have the wrong righted at that late day. I acknowledged that I had been W6ak—I begged her to forgive me; and promised that we should be all in all to eaoh other in the future, and that I would make all the amends possible, by giving her her rightful sooial position. But she oeuld not be reconciled. ' It was too late,’ she said, aud, being too truthful to pretend what she did not feel, we parted with u feeling of bitterness in both our hearts." “ That was very hard,” said Arohie, with a sigh of regret, yet fee log that ho cnuld not really blame bis mother under the oir oumstanoes “Indeed it was,” hiB companion re. turned, “it almost ornshed me at the time, As she ltfc ma, I put this looket into her hands, telling her that it contained a lock oi her father’s hair — the only reliol had of him. Theu I wont to London, to put my ilia in the hands of surgeons I was an invalid in the hospital for nearly a yeti afterwards ; the operation had been successful, but my recovery was dis oourogingly Blow Narso Hammond oame to iibe me several times, but she oonld not persuade Helen to aooompsny her. I did not murmur, for I oonld not blame her for resenting having been deprived of her birthright,, but I hoped that when I was well enough te go horns, I should be able to win her love back to me again; but-” Again Miss Fortesque paused, overcome by the harrowing memories of that sad time. “When, at length, I did return,” she said, at last, “ it was to be met by the heart-breaking news that my ohild had fled with an nnknown man ! I afterwards learned that she had beoomo acquainted with him at th8 county fair, after wbloh she had been seen walking with him several ■ times, by different parties. He was supposed to be one of the students at a teohniaal 1 school In an adjoining town, bat, as the elopement had ecoarred j ast after the oloso of a term, I was never able to learn either his name or where he belonged, Moro than a year afterwards I received a short note from Helen, and in it she begged my for giveness for what she had done, and for all the pein ahe had oaused me. She said she had oome to realise how wrong it was to sever every tie that had bonnd her to the only rotative Bhe had in the world, bnt she had bce.u so morbidly sensitive and resentful over what ahe had, at the time, felt to he a great tau irreparable Injury, that she hardly oared what became of her, and thus ahe had been tempted to aooept the love and protec tion offered her. She was fond of her husband, she wrote; he was kind, and they were doing woll. She olosed by saying that she felt she had no right to olaim any relationship with me, after having thus taken her fate Into her own hands, but she should never oease to love me, as her mother, as long as she lived. The note was simply signed • Helen,’ with no date or address to enable me to reply to it, and thus j that ohapter of my life was olosed for over.” (To he Continued), A German Inventor la said to provide mirrara whloh will not break. He employ * aellulold where glass was heretofore nsed. A perfeotly transparent well- polished cel luloid plate reoelves a quicksilver booking like that of a glass mirror,# This booking is in tarn protected by another oellnloid plate, which also refleots; so that praotioally a doable mirror ie furnished, lighter, oheaper, ; and more lasting than glass, No details of i the preoess are to hand. 1 