The Great Treasure Lobster. $(Bijr Emest EtevencJ. ? £»ART nt iVOTOESON'S STORY.— (Continued.) .. ORTDNATBLiir, i save pretty etout nerves, and I retained my presence of ?minfl, . outwardly at 'any rate. How I really felt, I leave you to guess.' 'Listen, Deserants,?. I said, trying to reason, with him, 'Iiet us go up above first, and sea the sunlight; T flrm't -feel etiual to join ing that dinner party just DOW.' 'Why not ? I've felt miserable enough these last few dava: but now I am iweu again, tieip me to rorce tae man-aoie up, and we'll go to them. Don't be' frightened of them, man, we'll be like them soon.' There was no doubt we should if I didn't act ?quickly. I weighed the chances o£ a struggle with, him; but that was doubtful — he was as strong as I was, and had the strength of insanity to boot Muttering to himself and chuckling in a blood freezing manner, he went to the man-hole. Then I saw my opportunity. He could never move the joover at the depth we were then, even if we both had bad the strength of ten men we could not do it. I turned off the electric light, add started the pump-^the pump that raised us to the surface. Black darkness shut down on that grim party in j the cabin for ever, on the madman and myself. 1 Darkne& that seemed like something real and tan gible. It startled him for the moment, and that moment saved us. I- felt that we struck something, probably one of the masts, so I knew we- were rising. Then Deserants was on to me like a mad dog. I had hoped that the sudden shock of the darkness might Jtiave . restored his reason, but it made him worse, fthink. There we fought like two worrying wolves, in that awful blackness, to the accompaniment of the noise ol the piston rode. That noise kept me up, if I could husband my strength and keep form from damaging the machin ery until we reached the surface I might manage him. It seemed ages, centuries, before we came to the top, and there in that confined space we rolled over and over, and choked each other, and fought such a fight as never was founght before. Suddenly, I could see a little, then plainer, plainer, and we shot out into open day, with the sun blazing through the bull's eyes. I gave a ehout of -joy, breathless as I was, and with at mingled the whistl ing scream of the air rusSiing in through the waste pipe to fill the exhausted tank. Such strength did the sunlight give me that I twisted Deserants on his back, and got my knee on his chest, with one hand on his throat. There was no help for it, I sa.w, by the look in his wild beast's eyes; I must stun him. A small spanner we carried with us was within my reach. Before he could throw me on* I seized it, and struck him a Wow on the head. He fell back senseless, and it was with a sigh of relief I got up and opened the man-hole, and put my head outside to recover myself. It was calm, and in the -distance I could see the white line of the breakers of the Barrier, otherwise there was nothing in sight. I turned my attention to Descranta He had a pretty good scalp wound, and I let it bleed, think ing it might do him good. Then I fastened Ms Stands and feet, and put him in as comfortable a posi tion as I could, and tried to recover him. I suc ceeded after a while, and when he had struggled a bit, and found it useless, he became quiet, and I dressed his herd and gave Mm a big drink of ?wine and water. I had decided in my own mind that the only thing to do was to make straight for Tiau Island, and try and nurse Descrants there. I had our position pretty well, eo, shutting the man hole, I went down five or six fathoms, and steered straight for Tiau. That was & nasty trip for a man who had already inad his nerves pretty well tried, but fortunately it did not last long. Sometimes Deserants raved, sometimes he was sullen, and sometimes apparently sensible, and begged me to release him. But I eaid, 'No, my boy, next time you might came out top dog instead of me;' so I kept him tied up, and fed and nursed him,, and looked after him like a mother, until we ran on Hoe beach at Tiau Island. The natives came to meet me at a distance, but they wouldn't come close to help me get out Des crante, but 1 coaxed him into a good humor, telling turn I would let him free as soon as we got ashore, and finally undid his feet, and he got out. As soon as he felt the land he turned quite silly, and com menced to laugh like anything. He was quite quiet when I let him go free, only loony, altogether loony. I saw there was no help for it — that I rfiould have to finish the work myself, for I never would trust myself with him again. I stayed some days to see how he shaped, but he was just the sams — quiet, but. silly and harmless. The niggers ?were not frightened of him, and I gave them some trade to look after him until I came back; and then I started for here, and have been working here until iiotv.' 'Do you think Deserants is safe with the nig gers?' asked Campbell, when the tale was told. 'Safe enough if he doesn't get violent, when they might knock his brains out to keep him quiet. But he won't do that; we'll find him there right enough.?' We then proceeded to diseuas our future move ments. We had a. very smart little lugger at the station, which could be brought through the pas sage to -where we were. With this we could take toe stuff to Tiau Island, and use the lugger for transhipping purposes afterwards. We agreed to make trial trips in the lobster, and see how .we liked it, and then one of us could go back in the dingey for the lugger, and bring- it down, with a couple of tie boys. There was a bit of a bight in the reef just behind' the island that would hold her like a dock made to order. Campbell and I tossed up who should go down first, and it fell to. me. So just as the sun was sinking we Bank as well, beneath the .surface. I I felt a bit queer at first, but the easy, confident manner of Vowlson reassured me, and, by the time we gat to the bottom, I was just as easy as he was. That is to say, I pretended I -was. At any rate, I hadf a good look around, t'o sea as much of the bottom of the ocean as I could. As Vowteon had said, it was a very quiet place-^rhere seemed to be an utter absence of everything but the com paratively smooth, white-looking bottom, and . a shimmering, misty-looking vapor, or, of course, what looked like vapor, but was really the effect of the brilliant electric light on the smooth water. 'Come and look at the -Sidp,' said Vowlson, and I Trent forward, and looked through the bull's eyes. There she lay on even keel, but all the side opposite to us had been torn out of her by the monster nippers of the lobster, to give access to her hold. Behind her the reef rose up like a, wall. While watching this strange sight I saw something on the wreck move. To see anything move in this sea of stagnant stillness was startling in the ex treme. 1 directed Vowleon's attention to it, and he increased the volume of light by altering some arrangements of reflectors. We both watched atten tively, for something was moving on the wreck — a. naked man was seemingly climbing over it from the other side. As I stared with astonishment I saw what looked like another nude figure coming ~ over the far bulwarks, then another and another. 'What is it,' Vowlson?' I asked in a fright, for the thought struck me that these must be the ghosts of the drowned sailors, and I didn't like It. 'D — ?? ? if I know,' he said, 'but we'll make it out directly.' Then as I looked I saw that these things were, not naked men, but huge flesh- colored snakes. They went crawling and writhing about the broken-up deck, growing bigger and 'bigger as 'more of their bodies appeared, and then a head end face looked over the side, and I nearly -shrieked vriJ3T horror! Imagine the gigantic face of a wicked old man, hairless, with the flesh in folds and wrinkles. Imagine a huge beak planted between two fiery, eavage, glaring eyes; and imagine that from this loathsome, naked face sprung all the flesh-colored makes, writhing and twisting about, and you have the shuddering terror that iad stopped to look at US. I glanced at Vowlson, expecting to see him jump astern, to start the machinery to fly Tip to the sur face, but 'he was standing looking quietly out of the hull's eye 'What is it?' I gasped. V 'It's a deep-sea octopus,' he replied, 'a creature whose existence is discredited, but we can see lor oureelves now thai it leally €Xi6te.' , ' 'But I've seen an octopus; it's black, not that awful color, and nothing like so huge,' I protested. . 'This .'fabulous creature/ as :. they call it, lives only in the deep sea, end never- comes to the eur . face; that's why it is bleached like that. . It's a horrid looking thing, I admit.' : 'Will it attack ub?' , v- ^ . - ?- ; '1 believe it's . coming on with that very ? Intent- ; tion.'' ? ' '..-/'-? :.:- Vv '.-; '?;?;?'-,? ;r 'Won't- you go -up?' I asked. : ? oiy- ? ? , : .- -. ' He looked at me contemptuously, vjjut. flid- not deign to answer. , I turned: and watched the Drute, w5io was. now evidently advancing towards ms! 33ie nearer it got the more horrible it was; Jte color gave it a human- like /aspect, that was ehuadering to look at. The repulsive-looldiigv creases bn. Its face and body moved., and wor&ea; f as it r*ppiw^ed. us, and 1 think those naked wrinkles and creases were almost the most awfifl ^atogabmit^ .'?'But the eyes -were develisb, arai aeemeel to vfeirly^blaze in the full glow of the light. Vowlsan stood like, a rock, one hand 'km ; a Sever, watching it come on* ; plow the advanced soJieBlh^a. rsachea iiB, 'and -commenced to clinu- and -twist ^around the body of the : lobster. Of 'course, 'ijgeYqppJxk- not really, iear them, but, to my bedghtenea' fancy, it seemed as though I distinctly fc«ard:.;. their creeping crawl round our casing. ?'--'? '£*'?-' ??' v ' And the head, with. the flaming eyes, the great parrot jaws, and the naked wrinkling face came nearer and nearer. / ? . I remember thinking that we were inside a walnut, and our shell would be cracked and be picked up, when I fsaw Vowlson smile. He touched a button, and -the pistons rose and fell: 'The. face was now close, to us, the .eyes glaring in the full light of the bull's eyes. Vowlson pulletl tha lever over. - The lobster's nippers seized that hideous head between its jaws; a rush of black water darkened all around, and we could see nothing through the bull's eyes but inky blackness, with what seemed writhing, naked figures showing out now and again. We were moving; Vowlson was backing to clear these writhing arms. Back -we went until the water grew clear again, and we could see once more. The.lobster's jaws had done their ,work; the awful thing. now trailed shrunken and dead, with its arms lifeless and quiet. Vowlson released the lever, the jaws opened, and the deep sea monster dropped on the bottom. Then Vowl son broke loose. 'Isn't she a. little beauty!' he cried, insanely patting* the side of the machine. 'Isn't she a dainty darling? Bring on another octopus; bring on your sea serpent, she'll tackle it!' I really thought he was going mad like Deserants; but I was relieved to hear him say, 'Bring out that wine, old fellow; it's the only thing fit to drink her health in,' for I sadly wanted a nip. I felt wben he said that that he was certainly not mad. We drank her health with three times three, and then had a yarn over it. When we had finished we went -back to the wreck, for the water had cleared again; and taking two boxes, ascended to the surface with them. Campbell went down next. No adventure hap pened that trip, and during the next twenty-four hours we made several descents, and got up all the treasure there was. We then held a council as to our next proceeding; as to .whether it would be better to go and get the lugger down at once and proceed to Tiau, or visit the two remaining wrecks that Vowlson bad charted- down. . The big Spanish ship to the south Vowlson would not ?visit again on any account. The skeleton din-r ner party and the madness of his companion had evidently given even his iron nerves a turn. We decided in favor of bringing the lugger down, loading her up, and going to Tiau at once, and seeing how Deserants was getting on. Vowlson offered to go up with one of us, whoever went for the lugger, as he wanted to see the inner edge of the Great Barrier, and the third man could stay on the island and .wait there. Campbell and Vcwlson, therefore, went iip for the lugger in the dingey, and I stayed on the island, with the lob ster and treasure for company. The treasure was right enough, but I never got reconciled to the lobster, much as I respected that machine. There was a solemn-looking air of dormant life about it that made me always expect to find it some day sedately walking about the island, musing on the follies of mankind. One gets these sort of thoughts when one has to ke'ep a lonely watch on a little patch of sand and listen to the constant boom, boom of the surf. I was heartily glad when I saw the lugger's sails in the distance. The two boys that Campbell had brought down ran below and hid when they first saw the lobster, and it was some time before we could reconcile them to coming close to -it. However, we set to work, and soon had the bullion loaded, and then prepared to start for Tiau. Vowlson was going in the lobster; we were going to take the lugger across. The run across was a plea sant one, for the south-east monsoon was blow ing, and the days and nights were fine and clear. We soon sighted Tiau, and making for a little bight that Vowlson had told us of, dropped an chor, and went ashore. The lobster had not ar rived; but we expected to reach the island before , Vcwlson, so were not alarmed for his safety. I The natives recognised some words that Vowlson ' hid taught us to repeat, and also our description of the lobster; so they became friendly at once, and from one of them, who could speak a little broken English, we inquired about Deserants. They managed to convey to us that he was still ' silly, and lived by himself on the other side of the ! island. We agreed that it was better to await the coming of Vowlson before disturbing him, so relumed to the lugger to wait. The next morning the lobster arrived, after an uneventful trip, and we went over to where the 1 natives said we should find Descrants. He was sitting in front of a gunyah built of boughs, look ing idlj out to sea and playing with some pebbles. He was crooning to himself in a low tone when Vowlson went: up and spoke to him, and did not evince the least surprise at thus unexpectedly seeing his old comrade. He was a fine-looking man; but his eyes had a queer, furtive look in them, and he would not look up at you. He was' dirty and unkempt, but the natives bad kept him i well fed, and he looked strong and healthy enough, i He did not seem to be at all aroused by Vowl- ? son's appearance, and we went away, seeing that . our presence did no good. Vowlson seemed very i downcast at finding his friend so bad, and once, as we walked back, he said: 'I'm afraid I hit him too hard with that spanner.' Between ourselves I was afraid he had; but I didn't want to add to his i troubles, so said nothing. We came to the edge of the beach, and Vowl son was just saying, 'I think I'll shift the ma chine out of sight,' when we were startled by a loud yell, which was echoed in a frightened chorus from all sides by the islanders. We soon learnt the cause of it. The maniac had followed us back ; unknown to us, and now the sight of the lobster - had brought on an acute fit. He dashed past us, burling Vowlson to tbe ground as he did so, j and' made straight for the machine. ? j 'Shoot him! shoot him!' screamed Vowlson. picking himself up and racing in pursuit. Too late. Before we could fire or Vowlson come any where near him, the madman had reached the machine, clambered in with the greatest agility, and closed the man-hole after him. Vowlson halted and ran back. 'Take to the bush!' he shouted, and we saw what lie meant. Descrants had started the lobster, and was making towards us. Vowlson was just in time to swarm up a palm tree, but that availed him nothing. Des erants, who, whatever his madness, possessed per fect command of the lobster; halted and wheeled the machine. The awful jaws closed on the tree, and in an instant it was twisted and torn down, and Vowlson flung sprawling, but unhurt, on the sand. Camp bell and I could do nothing but look on in dumb terror of what was coming; for inside the cylinder the mandman was impregnable. But the catas trophe was^ averted. Vowlson gained his feet be fore the fatal claws clutched him, and doubled i short round behind them, as it were. Before we : guessed his purpose he had leaped on to the joint j of one of the legs, ana thence climbed to the top of the cylinder, where he was safe for a time. . Even with the danger overhanging us, Campbell and I could not help laughing at wfeat followed, for Deserants, losing sight of his victim, turned the ungainly machine round and round till it looked like a live creature searching for somethlag it had lost. Apparently it became patent to the disordered brain that was guiding it what had became of Vowlson, for the lobster started straight for tho sea. 'Pray goodness he does not sink the lugger,' said Campbell. But this was not the motive. Descrants evidently meant to wash Vowlson off In the sea, where he would be an easy prey. The lobster headed for the mouth, of the little bight, where there was a surf. I haa great hopes that a resolute and ready-witted fellow like Vowlson would manage to escape somehow, and anxiously we watched the lobster ana its naer. A great wave met them as they entered the-sea, and when we saw the lobster again Vowlson was gone. We saw the machine once or twice more, amongst the broken water; then it disappeared for ever from our gaze, and so far, that is the last I know of the great treasure lobster. Quietly and fearfully the natives came out from their hiding places, and went with us down to the beach to see if our friend's body was washed ashore. Suddenly a g^eat cry went up, .and, away from one side, came a staggering dripping figure. It was Vowlson. * * * * 'Yes, that first roller saved me. I managed to dive into it, and he lost sight of me in the broken water, but I bafi a devil of a job to get ashore; I got nearly washed out- two or three times. If he had gone into the smooth water 'in the bend I should nave had no. chance. But I'd just as soon be dead, for what will become of my machine?'- And the strong man looked as though he would burst out crying. '_ ..' ..';'..'?-*?} 'You can build another/' said Campbell, sooth ingly. '...?.;? ?\\.-v:. ? '???-??;:-.-. '?' ??-.?_ *'Never such a Ijtttle daisy as that. I tell you, man, she had a -sbnl.'inib.er..-- ^jBeames, you-saw, her stand up to that deep sea octopus and crush it, didn't you?' ' 7..^ H ??-'?:'-\ ,;.?'? ./.?'?'?.- : -.:,'?:??-'? .We got him iup to, the bushes, and cainped there all night, and watched for the jreapperance of Hue lobster,, but; Jt nfever ;came. in tb« anorn lng Vowlson had regained -bis spirits; and we set' to work making preparations for our departure. We bad the. treasure in the lugger, and we could re cover that which was placed in another part of the Barrier by Vowlson -and ? Descrants, so we came out of it very well. .'.:,.- ?'' ;? ,: . : , :; : ?? ' /? ??- :-?*.' -??''.'' ~-*?/-^r-*.,;.V,iV :—' ' .. What has become at pne madman Des'erants and the lobster? Did he go to join the dead com pany feasting under the sea, or is he still' rpain ing about somewhere? His iritelleet had recov ered sufficiently for iim to be able -to manage 'the' machine, but might It aot, irresponsible as he was-;;lfeaia .-him to':«om¥ terrible deed of mad ness.; 'He might : enter some crowded port and cinfc ship after ship if be liked. Always I. shall dread to hear of something like this happening. The Idea! of the most perfect and powerful subma*. rine -yesEel the world ever saw, roaming the seas in -charge of a raving maniac is not a reassuring one.' (The End.) , 