THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO 811 AIIOW. CnutonsstoricH are lolil about, the powers possessed by corliiiu unlives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains These old men, it is said, hnvo duvoled scores of yenra lo tlm study nf natural laws and forces, which tlio rest of tin world known nothing uhntil. Lately » German professor visited the "adepts," ns these queer IliiiduH are culled, for lite purponuof finding out tliu sound, of limit romnrkuhlc performances. Tlioy (rented him rather scitrvily, bid i lit ores led him ull tlm same. One day llm professm wanted to examine samo ancient Sanskrit uiauuscripts. An adept, went with him to the cava wherein tlm hooks wevo kept. Tlm place .was dark ns Hie bottom ofa well. " I ean't sou lo read here," said lite visitor. "Then we will have somo ligld," wits Hie reply, and immediately (tho prnfessoi says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ho could not tell whence it eume, hut lie noticed tlmt it Imd ooo slrutigi qimlity — it cu»t not the alighleel s/uii/oiii. This a slory hard to believe, yet ilr I ruth is nfflrinei! hy n man of vast learn ing anil high ehnrue.ter,, mill you who now rend it liavo no reason for doubt ex- eepl Hint nil Ihe lights //on have seen have east shadows, Uoliof or nnbeliol commonly runs parallel with ono's own experience. Dr. Johnson snilfetl at the account of Ihe Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man wlm litis been ill for years, aud failed lo find n cure, is sceptical when friends (ell him him nf u medicine which Hmy believe will make liitu well. AVlial else lint doubt could result from his ex perience 1 Take nil example :— "In the spring of 1888." writes our correspondent, " 1 felt in u low, wouk, uiul languid state. T felt low spirited and out nf sorts. At first my stomach wns deranged' my appetite poor, and uficr eating I lind pain nnil weight nl the chest. I wns much troubled with wind, nnd frequently aput up n sour fluid, a i ii I bitter bile. Latur on I. suffered from nervousness nnd groat depression of spirits. T kept up with tuy work, but always had a sense of discomfort. Oil' nnd on I roiiliimeil in this way for two years, nothing tlmt f look relieving mo. At last T lienrd of Mother SoigiTs Syrup, and procured a supply. After 1 lind only taken a fow doses I found relief ; my food digested,, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although 1 bail no rensou to fool any confidence in this medicine, novcr having used it or aeon il used, I now glndly admit its value, and its powor over disease. Since my .recovery, lor which I thank Mother Seigcl's Ultra- alive Syrup, I have liven iu the best of health anil spirits. In Hit! interests of suffering luinmnily I deem it a duty to scud you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor, ami outfitter, 151 Hockley H ill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter nnd the story about tho light that east no shadow. Tho latter may bo true enough, hut it cannot hy verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand wo have a trustworthy witness, -who will answer letters of inquiry, and can he found nt his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical in Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup, ft nets on Ilio theory that most ailments nre hut symptoms, forms, or phases of thill, universal disease— indigestion nnd dyspepsia ; il cures tlmt, imd throws the light of health and .happiness over lionrts end homes where illnsss ami pain lind east sueli dark anil terrifying shadows. Ami this is why people bclicvo nil that is told of its sueness by eager witnesses. Aluury Stirutxis for Federal Dis tinction. — Tlio committee 'of. th 'Albury Federal Capital Association lias resolved to take immediate stejis lo bring under general notice tlio qualifications of Albury as a situ for tlio Federal capital. It has liocn decided lo invite the delegates to Ilio Federal Convention to visit Alluiry, when tliey will he entertained lit a banquet ami shown all ovor llie town ; also to offer a prize of 10 guineas lo ho competed for by the children attending the public schools for an cssny setting forth the advantages possessed hy Albury an a site for the capital ; furthermore, tlmt 6000 copies of hooks ho obtained and distri buted throughout the colony of Australia, containing viows of the principal sights of the place, ami selling forth the qualifica tions which the town possesses. The mutter is to bo taken up with great. en thusiasm on both sides- of the river, and no expense is to lie spared ill having the claims of Hie town fully laid before Un people of Australia. 