Gathered Grain. Tho number of persons born blind is 65- to»f 1,000,000. A horse will eat in a year nine times his o wn weight, a cow in ue times, au ox six rimes,, and a sheep six times. Tho little town of Nazareth in Palestine, has no fewer than three hospitals, seven con» ' vents, and 12 schools under European super**' A famous anatomist has discovere.l. that by forcing air into the larynx of. a dead animal : sounds conld be produced similar to those of. . tho voice during life. Tho greatest depth at which carth^mhet are known to originate is about 30 miles. It; . lias also been calculated that a heat sufficient to melt granite might occur at about tbe same. depth. \- Some years ago, in a Hatton Garden dust bin, a small cardboard .box full of loosei. diamonds was discovered by a dushnao,. and • restored to the owner, a diamond merchant,,. who rewarded the finderwith £50. The Hohenzollern family ghost, known1 as-. "the Wbito Lady," has beern seen again wandering about the Royal Palace at Berlin, and the Emperor "William has given orders; ,, for mantraps and spring guns to be set; • • Veal is less nutritive, possesses moro waste. and less fat, thau beef. In Germany it is ooa-": sidered as excellent as beef, and is prescribed". , for invalids: but in England it is thought., harmful for persons with weak digestions;. . . In the State of Washington there is an un known land of 2,500 squaro miles shut in- by the Olympic Mountains, which, according to« • Indian traditions, is inhabited by a veryheroa tribe,, whom none of the co ist tribes dared1. molest. . - There is a church in tho city of'.Cork which." is known for miles around on account of. tha peculiarity of its steeple. The steeple.is.built of two different coloured.,stones,, two. sides., 'being built in white and the other two in. red; stone. » Palo blues or greens aro tho most restful; wall, papers foe tho. eyes,. whereas rod is; exceedingly fatiguing. .Do not read, write,, or work longer than two hours together with-, out resting your eyes and closing them fully ■ five minutes. Beef is the most nutritious of all human ' foods, and can be eaten longer continuously •• "than any other kind of meat, resembling rico \ and bread in this respect.. Fresh beef, is almost \ completely digested—moro completely^ tlrin milk is—by an. adult. Poultry is good flesh-formingfood;. Kali " j is liko poultry in its large amount of waterchd'5 sraalljsupply offat. There is nothing to show that fish is a brain foodi except that the suiall•'-* amount of fat makes it a suitable, dietfurpa: sons ofsendentaiy habits. Mathematical calculations show- that air" iron ship weighs 27 per cent less- thaa a- - woodcn.oue, and. will carry 115 toiiRof cargo • for every 100 tons carried by a wooden ship ; , of the same dimensions, and both loaded to :: |,the same draught of water. In a certain sense elephants aro stilli used in battle by Indian troops,, but they are only used as beasts of burden and draught far artillery.;,but years ago. they were used in the • East as fighting animals, and taught to swing chains and bars of mctal.in their,trunks.,^ --v . "Whatis perhaps ono of, the raost exclusira : ' decorations in the- world is the Order of the Double Dragon. It is the sole onler of Chinese empire. All European Oaurts hare / decorations and orders innumerable, but the ; Cbiueso Court has, but this one, which has five grades, each grade being: subdmded rato- .: numerous degrees. All natural' wings, whether of insect; bat, ■ or bird, uct on the same principle—that of*, screw. When tho bodies of flying creatures. arc fixed, tho wiogs, striking downward, and,., - forward, and upward and forward, inalternate down and np strokes, describe what aro called ^ figure-of-eight tracks in.space. It is a. widespread belief, both in. Scotland..;, and Ulster, that tho line, "3ea gull» sea gull* sit on the sand, it's never good weather while you're on land," alludes to tho well-known -, fact that when the bird flies ont early and far-;. to seaward, or remains on tho sand, fair weather may bo looked for, whilo if it takes i ,■ contrary course storms most frequently follow. It is rcmarliablo (says a gossip)' how many, prominent politicians have sons who may to . [' described as " chips off tho old block. Amongst thom aro Mr. Chamberlain, Hr». Goscben, Sir Cliorles Diike; Sir Edward Clarke, Lord Salisbury, and last, but—to judge by his-recent success at Balliol—art least, Mr.Asquith, ull of whom havo-dewr aud promising young sons. Tltero are many animals which have tfifl capacity of imitating tho human voim% and» ,.-.K would t>o difficult to single out anyone**-| most efficiont in this respect. Tho> feBato'-;^ sea], when deprived of its young, sighs in n way tlm& would.be difficult ta tinguisb from a woman in a stato oEgnex*v Seal hunters Imvo often found ihtir moat painful and depressing owing ta this. ,V - 