CHAPTER V. A Golden Nest. Neither Dick Richards nor any other man ever saw Milly Pritchanl again alive. She did not go home, and her lover, though he tramped the moor till the moon rose, and tame back from PoJglnze again later with lanterns and a dozen willing hands to help the search, could find not so much as a glove or a feather from her bat to guide his steps. Dick told what there was to tell at the police station, and n detective came down from Truro four and twenty hours later, but his inquiries proved nothiug. An official in vestigation was held at the little schoolroom, and two justices of the peace made sugges tions and cross-examined old Pritcburd and the fisherman. John Macklcbose's name cropped up in the matter, but him they could hardly approach that morning because he. was burying his mother. Two sensations in a month were unusual at Polglaze, but now the sudden dis appearance of the local beauty, followiugthus hard upon the death of Widow Macklehose, formed matter for much discussion. For many days the boys of the neighbourhood spent all their time on the moors, wandering amid the deserted mine workings, and search ing many wild acres of heather and gorse for a trace of the missing girl; hut nothing re warded their search. Hilly had clean vanished, leaving a mystery that promised to take its place amongst those arcana of human concerns only to be unlocked on doomsday. Dick was a broken man. The matter went near taming his hair gtoy; bnt those who supposed that Milly had not decided between the two strings to her bow when she disap peared, were amazed to find how calm and callous John Macklehose was upon the sub ject. He never discussed the matter, and showed such aversion to it that voices raised high in ilie mystery sank in his bar parlour when he entered. Dick had spoken with him the day after Hilly'm disappearance, while yet all thought she must return to her home, or, at worst, be found again. And he had told lis rival the story of a scene already familiar to him. But the Beast heard it all patiently, and then spoke. 11 I'm sorry for thee and for myself. But I'd have you know this. Sho've courted the worst the Lord can bring on her. The Lord uses all manner of strange weapons, but His will be often done, though maybe blindly, by them as know not what they do. She— Hilly—spoke words to my dyin' mother. She said how she loved none bnt me, and called the Almighty to witness it. And she went back on ir, Dick Richards, and thereby lied to one as was at the point of de ith; And you know what falls on them as lies to the dyin'. • I'm sorry for you, but the Lord don't take no count of men." 41 If she's dead, who'd have done her to death f Who'd have raised a finger against *hc?" asked the other, and Macklehose shook his head. 11 The Lord knows," he answered. '1 Tdu're 'and, John ; cruel 'ard vn her.". 41 Not so, Dick' Richards, I'm telling you 1 the truth. 'Tis the truth that's 'ard, not me. • I'd give my life for her to-morrow if 'twould bring her back to you, but it can't be." ' No man ever suspected John Macklehose of , crime. Old Pritehard only knew that the j inn-keeper was aware of the contemplated j meeting between Hilly and Dick at the " Lovers* Stone," but he attached no importance to the fact, and if he had done so, would not have hinted at it. He liad kept his month shut through life, and was certainly not going to open it on such a perilous matter. He missed his niece sadly, and whined about his consequent discomfort, but to connect Macklehose with her disappearance did not enter his head. Many di-believed Dick's story of the screams, but, as Gaffer Pollock remarked, j there was no better one forthcoming. More-! over, what profit could -Dick have in a lie ? The poor fisherman had to suffer, however, Tor Milly V formal promise to the Beast leaked out through the cottage woman who had looked to Widow Macklehose, an^ there were some who hesitated not to bint that Dick knew more than he bad said. \- But'time drew curtains over the matter in •fulness of days. A month passed, then a •second. May came and Polglaze, busy with ItS' fishing, thought less and talked less of that Btrange event in March. Many noticed, however, the mark Milly's loss Jiad left on those most concerned. Dick, according to the nature of his clap, had mourned extrava gantly at first, bat his wound began to heal by first intention, and golden-haired Hilly faded little by" little from his memory. With thq other man it was different.. * He had shown no overwhelming grief at first, but hme appeared to increase his sorrows Always silent ana reserved, he grew taciturn and morose ; always temperate, he now took to drinking; as Poltock said, the man began to creep through life instead of to walk upright through it. He looked ghost-haunted, and ghost-hannted he was ; but none' knew the awfal memory that began slowly to destroy him ; none bat himself guessed at that grim uprising by the "Lovers1 Stone,11 at that hurricane of passion, at tho sudden knitting of hairy banas round a plump, white throat, at the murder done and the murder hidden. He had gone hack home, holding himself the weapon of the Lord. He had knelt beside his dead mother and thought himself no cr; and now, day by day, a mist was rising from off that terrible moment, and he began to see himself the toy of the devil and his deed as it really was. Drink could not drown the truth, time would not dim if. The dwarfish demon, grown to a giant now—the foul thing that had first prompted him to play the listener—spoke loud in the night watches, and another voice from within urged him upon a different course. He knew he must end the present suspense or else go mad. He hesitated between giving himself up to man or to death ; between destroying himself or letting Polglaze know where MiUy lay hid under sand and flint. And while he: hesitated, the powers that control human affairs chose another course, and wondrously revealed the truth through the hand of au idiot, aud the beak of a bird. Tommy Leng was a little hair-lipped im becile, and a harmless "softy,11 wha rambled about Polglaze. Tho hoy loved loneliness. The birds and the rabbits were his playmates. He scaled the cliffs for the gull's nests, he knew where the rare chough-built, and him self bad gathered together a great collection of eggs,-to which'he added as each spring came round, and his strength" and agilitj* increased. • His parents laid no injunction upon him. but let him go his dangerous way on the steep cliffs and elsewhere. They thought if might please God to break the child's neck some day—the best thing that could happen—because certain it was he would npver be able to earn his bread. This boy,"'on a day in early May, wander ing over the moors some half-mile from the " Lovers' Stone,", came upon a marvellous strange tiling in the gorse, a nest gold-lined —a yellow-hammer's nest—that bird which lays eggs written upon in a mystic language, which no man can decipher. " And the eggs reposed in a soft bed, fashioned and wrought with a thousand interwoven threads of pure gold. The boy laughed and chattered to him self. 5e had never seen the like, and he tore the treasure down and took it home rejoicing. His father marked the gold for a woman's hair,'and remembered a sunny head that had vanished not long since. He cross-questioned Tommy, kept the matter silent for the time, and on the return of Richards from the sea showed him the nest. "Hard by where that nest be you'll find her," said the idiot's father. ""lis the Lord's doin', Dick. He confounds the larnin* of the wise, and puts truth into the 'and of the daft." Tommy proudly led the way to the moors next morning, and there not far from where the ne»t was found, wonderfully hid in a steep place, only to be reached by a bird, and climbed out of by an ape as it seemed, they found an awful caricature of what had been the beauty of Polglaze. That night the gossips of " The Trawlers' Rest" talked long and loud, and John ATacklehosc listened, but he made no addition to the manifold theories advanced on every side. In the morning, however, he cleared that mystery and told the truth. The post brought a letter to the police station, and at the breakfast hour the few authorities of the village were at the inn. But jraeklehose was not there. Ho had cut his throat that night, leaving, something to bury, nothing. to be judged. 