A Judicial Error. NOVEL. By Marion Manville Pope. CHAPTER IV. , . Six months had elapsed since the execu tion. Spring again in the land, and people along the cross-roads saw that Caleb's head stone was blossoming. Various small boys, climbing upon eacn otner s snouiders until their chinB rested upon the stone wall, had , peered over with shuddering interest and curiosity, and reported that the murderer's grave hiad neither stone nor board at head or foot, and that the magnolia tree was its only ' -marker. Thereafter they pointed to it from the distant roads or fields .where they played, , -investing it with a baleful interest and oal- ling it 'Caleb Newai's tombstone.' Its waxen blooms were flung aloft with prodigal profusion, rivalling carven marble in their beauty, and the spices with which the Egytians embalmed their dead were not bo sweet as the perfumes arising from that neg- looted garden where the gra»s was strug gling out over a dishonoured grave. At least two people in the community had never seemed to recover from ' the shock of -the tragedy enacted the year before. Mr. Baxter was a changed and moody man. When announcing to his congregation that by the terms of Mr. Atterly's will they had bieen so liberally remembered that the new ohurch would at once be undertaken, his face had been terrible to see. His hearers had wept with him, as much in sympathy for his ohoking efforts at polf-control as for grief over the violent taking off of one of their most respected members. The heart-breaking pathoB and eloquence of that address had made him locally famous. The attendance at the ohuroh increased. There seemed to be an awakening among the people, and at every meeting thereafter the minister had exhorted sinners to repent in such burning words that converts had been many, and the membership was growing beyond the seating capacity of the old edifice. There was a revival of suob proportions that one of the deacons had ventured to say to Mr. Baxter that out of the cruel tragedy for whioh their own hearts bled a great and wonderful prosperity to them as a Christian organization seemed to spring. It is one of those cases where the blood of a just man has been blessed to the need of ... -Christ's followers,' he said, ' even as His blood was shed that all who believed in Him might be saved.' -To the good man's astonishment, Mr. Baxter threw his hand wildly over his head and rushed from the room, crying, 4 For -God's sake, don't say that !' But dating from that time the young minister had thrown himself into his work with redoubled zeal. He prayed beside every sick-bed, he comforted every sufferer from either mental or physioal anguish, he rested neither night nor day when there was .a soul to lead from the paths of sin or a -broken heart in need of consolation. His health suffered from the strain, but he was deaf to all remonstrances. The other man in whom there had also been a marked change was Dr. Matheson. From having been a light-hearted, laughter- loving young fellow, devoted to his pro fession, but not averse to outBide amusements, i-he had -become a serious, preoccupied man, whoBe restless eyes were always roaming moodily about in futile search for some thing. This something was understood by :all his friends to be that clue whioh should \- put him upon the right road to clearing Caleb' b name. And as time went by and this determination to find it grew more and -more intense, instead of being lessened by discouragements and fruitless search, even the patients who trusted him most in matters of profecsional skill grow to regard him us .a little touched upon that one subject. Mr. Baxter still continued to call at the Manor, imploring its inmates to allow him to be of service to them. Whatever may have been Dorothy's previous feeling for him, neither Bhe nor the rest of the family bad ever forgiven him for that unfortunate suggestion on the night of the murder con- oerning the coat and the offering of false ' testimony. Dorothy resembled her brother eloBely in face and temperament, — so closely that Ann described it as being 4 the breakin' , av yer heart, to see her, bringin up poor Mr. ' Caleb loikea ghost before yez.' The young minister's housekeeper, cook, 'And maid-of- all-work in one, who was a . -Mend and cousin of Ann's, described him as an angel for goodness, and tearfully related how he prayed unceasingly for the comfort ing of the Newals. 4 If ye'll belave me, Ann, it's niver wanoe that poor dear young man has come from thim Newalses but that he goes sthraight to his sthudy an gits upon his two knees an' prays fur thim. 4 Ooh God, says he, 4 Almoighty Father,' says he, 'have mercy upon a poor sinner an' hear his prayer,' says he. 4 Comfort thim that monrn,' says he, 4 whose prop an' sthay has bin taken from thim.' Och, it's enough to break yer heart entoirely, f hat wid his' sighs, an' his groans, an' his sobbin' like a chile widout its mither. Wanst, jistin the middle av his prayin', the Manor bell begun tollin'. Howly Virgin ! he raised sioh a cry in', so pitiful loike, that Oi jut had to run away widout waitin fur the ind avit. That Manor bell is worse nor a funeral ; Oi cross mesilf whiniver Oi hear it. But if iver there was an angel it's the young minister ; 'faith, if all Protestants was loike him Oi'd be afther turning' wan.' Same to yez fur iver sayin' it,' said Ann, wiping her eyes, but with more animosity in the words than in her tone. 4 Sure, thin, he'd ought 'a' bin a praste, so he bad. Not wan av thim prays and fasts more than him ; an' Oi'm a good Catholic, as ye know, Ann. Mr. Baxter had always evinced a pitying interest in Dr. Matheson's seemingly hope less efforts to clear his friend's name. He had never been invited into the laboratory since the fatal night, and had never shown any anxiety to see it again. It was under stood that Dr. Matheson was still experi menting, partly continuing along those lines in which the two friends had previously been interested together, and partly seeking in new fields for himself. But of these experi ments he said little. The doctor and the minister met but rarely, but when they did the latter never failed to inquire, with a sad smile, 4 Any news P' To which the answer invariably was, 4 None.' One day, happening to betaking his leave as the doctor was returning from some of his visits, the minister ventured to remonstrate with him upon the subjeot whioh was upper most in both men's thoughts. 4 Do you not think, doctor, thai it \fould be better tor you to reooncile yourself to the situation as it unhappily is, rather than wear your heart out further in this fruitless search ?' 4 No.' 4 But consider,' the olergyman continued, gently. 4 the crime was proved to the satis faction of justice. The penalty of the law has been paid. The tragedy and its un happy oonsequenoes, which have so deeply and terribly affected this houzehold and oomm unity, are now become things of the past. Would it be wise, do you think to reopen it P Would it not be wiser to let it sink into that oblivion towarde whioh all earthly affairs inevitably drift?' They had been standing by the open gate ; the doctor held the padlock and key in his hands. He had regarded the minister gloomily daring the ooarse of this speeob, nervously snapping the lock baok and forth with the key . He now removed the key and tapped it softly upon the padlock to emphasize his reply. 4 1 have considered more things in this case, Mr. Baxter, than it is possible for any one else to have considered except the mur derer himself. As yon say, the orime was proved to the satisfaction of legal justice, and the penalty of the law has been paid. Bat it was paid by a guiltless man, who became responsible through a set of damn ing evidences for a guilty man's debt. I swore npon that soaffold that I would prove this. If it takes ten years — twenty years— fifty years— if I live so long, I will do it.' Mr. Baxter had recoiled before the bitter vehemence of this 'speech. He sighed and shook his head Badly, averting his horrified eyes, whioh had instinctively turned towards that melancholy corner of the garden where the magnolia tree stood. The mound be neath it was flattened and low, as if seeking to efface itself, or at least to become as incon spicuous as possible, and young green grass was knitting the broken sods together. There was no sign of footBtepB having trampled the grasB approaching it, and with a shudder of pity he turned away. It was evidently visited rarely, if ever. 4 May God have meroy upon him when you find him ! 4 Amen,' the doctor answered, almost sav agely ; 4 for I shall have none.' As the minister walked sorrowfully home, he met a man, apparently a stranger, who accosted him civilly and asked if he was upon upon the road leading to the Manor. 4 Yon are nearly there,' said Mr. Baxter. 4 That is the house.' 4 1 was wondering if it was. It looks like a fine old place. They told me in town I should be apt to find Dr. Matheson at this hour.' 4 They were right,' said M. Baxter. 4 1 have juBt left him.' 4 Vegetation seems much more advanced here than in New York, where I came from,' said the man, who seemed talkative. 4 Can you tall me what kind of a tree that is I see over the wall, — the one with white blossoms — I suppose they are blossoms P' 4 That is a magnolia-tree,' said Mr. Bax ter, moving on. 4 Thank you,' the man called after him ; much obliged, I'm sure.' 4 You are very welcome,' the minister re plied, without turning his head. A few minateB alter, as he was about opening his own gate, he heard the Manor bell toll. Hearing his step upon the walk, Bridget had opened the door and stood wait- ng for him. At the sound of the hell, Bhe crossed herself. Mr. Baxter looked at her gravely. _ 4 Why do you do that, Bridget P he asked, kindly. - - 4 Sure, sure, it sounds jist loike the ould bell in the little ohuroh where Oi was chris tened in Ballybofey, in county Donegal. It niver rang loike that widout it was a passin' bell. This is jist loike a knell, surr, for a passin' sowl.' 4 Still, you know it is not, Bridget. Yon know the doctor thoaght best to get a large hell, so that Andy could hear it in whatever part of the grounds he happened to be.' 4 Sure, surr, Oi know it, an' him as deaf as the post the bell's sthnok on, savin' wan little piece that's left av wan ear. It's jist nothin' betther than haythenish to set a church bell a -tollin' to call wan deaf onld man, an' him not to prayers nayther.' The minister went slowly to hiB room and washed his hands for the mid -day meal, mat tering to himself, as he did so, — 4 A passing soul, — a passing soul' CHAPTER V. J ust inside the gate at the Manor the little porter's lodge had been built by its former master. This had not been occupied for its original purpose after the honse had passed to the Newals, but had been used by the ohildren of each generation for a playhouse. After they grew up it had fallen to baser uses and had become a sort of storehouse for garden implements, until the day when Dr. Matheson had so hurriedly moved in, when, to avoid the necessity of fitting up a con sulting-room in the house, the lodge had been hurriedly cleared out and the dootor's office furniture moved in, and it was here the majority of those who called professionally were shown. This had proved an effectual bar to curiosity. The stranger who rang the bell was aston ished at the response to his pull. Indeed, so startling and unexpectdd had been the sound he evoked that he had forborne to re peat it, but stood patiently digging the point of his cane in the road and peering throngh the gate. Presently he espied an old man, evidently a servant, coming slowly down the drive-way. Andy, for it was he, carried a little tin pail in his hand containing some thing steaming hot, and this pail he de posited carefully upon the door-sill of the lodge before attempting to open the gate. Then, fumbling leisurely in his pocket for the key, he approached and undid the fastening, looking sharply at the new-comer out of his rheumy old eyes. 4IsonybodysiokP' he inquired, by way of salutation. 4 A great many people,' answered the stranger, jooosely, 4 but no one that I know.' 4 Hay P' ejaculated Andy, curving his gnarled right hand around his ear. 4 No,' said the stranger, perceiving the old man was very deaf. 4 Are yez after wantin' to see the docther P 4 Yes. 4 Very good, surr. Will yez plaze walk inside P Stepping over the threshold, the stranger perceived the tin pail oontained coffee, and presently Andy emerged from an inner room with a larger pail in his hand, and, sitting stiffly down in the doorway, proceeded to take ont his midday lunch, with the evident intention of partaking of it then and there. These preparations reminded the spectator that he was himself a hungry man, and that an appetizing lunch might be already in process of demolition in the Manor. He elevated his voice several degrees, and in quired, — 4 Did you tell the doctor there was a visitor awaiting him ?' 4 Yis, surr. Oi've had rheum'tiz in me kneeB an' shoulder j'ints this monyayear. But it's wurse whin the damp begins comin' out of the grrouc.' in the spring-' This was equivalent to 4 louder:' so the stranger pitched his voice higher, and shouted,— 4 Does anybody know I'm here ?' Andy continued munchiug his dinner, com fortably oblivious to any questions. Convinced that conversation was likely to be discon nected, the stranger produced a card and held it before him with one hand, while he pointed with dumb show to the house with the other. Andy regarded the pasteboard with economical interest. 4 Ooh, hape it, surr/ said he, with one oheek distended by a liberal bite from one of Ann's rolls. 4 Sure the doother'll know yez when he comes, widont printin' av it.' Exasperated and discouraged, the doctor's would-be visitor again sat down and strove for a few minutes to make himself as com fortable as possible for what bade fair to be a prolonged wait. Andy munched audibly, and gulped the hot coffee down with hissing accompaniments of indrawn breath like Japanese salutations. At last, restless and impatient, the stranger arose and made as if he would go ont the doorway ocoupied by Andy and his lunch. 4Fh'at would yer honor be afther doin' now ?' inquired the inoumbent of the only way of egress. 4 Sure if it's mania to walk in the garden ye arc, thim dogs'll he atin' av ye for dinner.' 4 Damn the dogs !' exclaimed the stranger, angrily. Yis, surr ; that's jist f hat Miss Dorothy was sayin' only yisterday, that thim hastes mast ayther be chained or fed so fall they wudn't be afther atin' little b'ya and gurruls as well as their olders.' Determined to make him understand, and as the old man had finished his lunoh and laboriously got his weight upon his feet again, the stranger placed his mouth on a line with Andy's ear and shouted, — 4 1 want — you— take— my — name — to — the dootor.' 4 Yis, surr ; no, snrr But it would be all me place 'ud be worrutb to take yer' honor's name, or me own name, or mesilf, to that honse for at laste the nixt tin minutes' The stranger stared. 4 Do you — mean — to — say — you — are- ordered — not — to ?' 4Yisl> surr; thim's me ordhers, an me wurrukin' on the place fur over forty year. Wanoe there was a mon come here to the gate all whoite an' trimblin' loike, an' tould me to tell the docther his little gurrel was dyin'. An', bein' as it was a case of loife an' death, Oi made bould to break me ordhers. Begorra, surr, yez 'ud thought Oi was a thafe in the Tower av London come to stale the quane's crown jewils — an' me widout a wurred ag'inst me charackter since the day Oi was borun. No, surr. Whin thim tin minutes is up that it wants to wan o'olook, Oi'll take yer honor's name wid pleasure, an carry it on a oarrud, or me tongue, whiohiver ye plaze, — though me tongue is as good as the printin' av it, an chayper for yez. But the docther himsilf '11 be here at the sthroke av the clock. Sure he knows ye're here. He's heard the bell.' 4 Why in the name of wonder — the stranger began in his ordinary voice, and then, reoolleoting himself, carefully separ ated the remaining words and shouted them — 4 did — they— make — me — ring — a church— bell?' 4 Faith, surr,' answered Andy, taking off his battered hat and scratching Jhis head thoughtfully, 4 they're afther sayin' it's all on account av me hearin', which ye oan see fur yerself, surr, is not so very bad, — not so bad but that Oi can hear a gintleman loike yerself who spakes plain an' daycently loud, as well as ony mon needs to hear, an' better nor some wants to whin their wives is find in' fault wid 'em. Sure that's fhat they say about that matin' -house bell; but Oi belave it's to give warnin', surr ; for fhat wid the docther movin' so far out of town, and fhat wid all thim ither docther min thryin' to git his practice away from him by repMfkn' round that he's a little touched in the topw the head, sure it was the best way entoirely av littin' thim all know he was kapin' his ould wans, an' gittin' new wans ivery day, whin lvery mither's son av thim as calls him out night or day lets the whole town know the doother's got another patient.' Tim old fellow chuckled softly to himself at his clever penetration of the subtle cause leading to the establishment of the bell, but as his laugh brought on a cough he sobered up, and added, as he gathered up his pails, — ' There, surr, fhat did Oi tell yez P Here comes the docther down the path, jist as if the clock had knocked him out av the house whin it sthruck Yez oan tell him yer own name ; yer honor knows it better nor Oi do.' And Andy hobbled off down the path with his pails, passing the dootor as he went. Standing in the lodge door, the stranger regarded the approaching figure ouriously . He beheld a tall, muscular, broad-shouldered man, with a chest so deep as to excite won derment in the beholder's mind. His eyes were dark and penetrating, bat restless, ex cept, as the stranger afterwards discovered, when some unusual interest developed in the conversation. Then they ceased to wander from object to objeot, and became riveted upon the individual before them. There was ascertain nervous alertness, or restlessness, in his manner that was in harmony with his wandering eyes. 4 Dr. Matheson, I believe ?' 4 Yes, sir.' 1 Do yon remember Waldruff Bowman ?' The puzzled scrutiny with whioh the doo tor had been regarding his visitor gave place to a smile of recognition as he cordially ex tended his hand. 4 Perfertly. But at first, not expecting to see you, I could not place you. Well. well. What brings you" here?' 4 Oh, a little business, — collecting. Look here, doctor, are you running a private in sane asylum here P' For a moment the dootor's face olouded as he looked earnestly and rather resentfully at the questioner. Then, apparently satisfied that there was no malice baok of the inquiry and evidently feeling that the question was justifiable, if not agreeable, he smiled sadly and said, 4 No. It must look something like it, though, to a stranger.' He paused momentarily, and then added, abruptly 4 Did yeu ever hear about the Attorlv murder P' y 4 Yes. Who didn't ?' 4 Well, I didn't know whether you paid any attention to it or not living in another State. If you. remember, the man who was accused of the murder, an— and— hanged for it, was named Newal. He belonged to a very good family, who had lived for three generations in a plaoe oalled The Manor. This is the place.' 4 1 am still trying to prove his innocence.' Bowman laughed. 4 Well, it seems to me to be a little late in the day to do him any good. Is that why you happen to be living here?' Again the dootor looked sharply at his guest. 4 Not altogether.' Then he added with seeming frankness, 4 You see, it was like this. I was his bosom friend. I believed in him. I still believe in him. His poor widowed mother and two sisters were left alone herein this big lonesome plaoe and it Beemed as if they needed someono around. Besides that, the mother has required al most constant medical advice aud attention. I had no family ties, so I did what Caleb would have done for me under similar oir- cumstancns: I moved out here Let me sec: you never knew Caleb Newal, did you ? You left college the samo year he oame : my first year there was your last. By the way how did you come to give up medicine?' ' (To bh Oohtintthd ) 