A NIGHT ATTACK. THE ENEMY. GOT IN A SLEEPING CAMP WITHOUT ADEQUATE OUTPOSTS. FALLS AN EASY PREY. The "Dully Telegraph" special corres pondent at the recent Aldershot manat- uvr'M of the British Army, tells In the following picturesque fashion the story of a successful night attack;— as i untlepated, after . yesterday morning's battle, there wus a fierce night attack upon one of the camps, nnd to day. there, has been a running light and big engagement between the two oppos ing columns. 4The Army Mnntouvtes .are planned to afford officers- nnd men -experience In the tactics nnd practices !«»f war,. Hence the fftst duty In these, mancnuvres Is to keep the' action merrily going, night and day If possible. Who wins or who loses IX a matter rather of secondary Importance, compared with the value of the Instruction Imparted by the tasks sec cither side. One hour It Is the Invader who achieves that ques tionable standard of excellence called '"success;" the next the tables are turn ed, -and England, represented In" the character of the Northern forces led by .Major-General Burroughs, seizes a glo- -rious victory. - Many of the participants full .even to deserve, let alone commnnd, 'success, nnd General Barnard, or his subordinate? who were responsible, gave awuy liist evening In a fell hour nil I heir leader had done by days and nights of planning and lighting. Tie had pro tected, his camp by placing two batta- lions on outpost duties, and drawing such a screen round his quarters that no European., army ..'could have broken througlRwithout alarming alt his troops. His outposts in Brimstone Wood pro tecting his north-west front were with drawn after dark yesterday, arid one imitation was left! to guard In a very In different fjwhlon the approaches to this camp. 'There were two manifest blun ders, for neither of which probably the Southern General was. responsible. First, part of the camp was pitched In nn in- secure hollow, and.- next, the optposL? were not adequately cpverdiVby'outJylng scouts. ,No wonder, thcnv that last night, thiinks-to l>old energetic tactics, the Invaders were themselves Invaded and routed, horse, fool, nnd artillery. "This must he avenged," sahl a dis tinguished officer of the rtoynl Dublin Fusiliers, near eleven o'clock lust night, when he was forced to parade Ids men in his shirt .tails on llndlng the Northern troops In his camp, and. utmost in his quarters. When the major part of the opposing forces ' wero presumed to he a-hed In ,s\vcel slumber, MaJor-CJenoral Ucngough, with half Ills army, suddenly burst with a roar down Into tho enemy's .encampment. Nccr was there a more dramatic, .belter led, and better deliver ed night attack.' It was perfect In Its Inception, and well-nigh faultless In Its execution/ And what moro eun he told In tha, .way of. prnlsp Is equnlly merited. I wont In wltluthe leading 'assaulting company und' battalion as T did al Tel- el-Keblr, and . there 'was much In the 'whole'- opo.ratlniis to recall that glorious .'and dcclsjvo action. 'StUl, If I may say so, we have learned since then, nnd the blow was Tfctter delivered, und. In n sense., iho result was as great. Thcr.e are. two things, in one of which British troops. excel, though la the other fthey 'are constitutionally: defective. No troops In'.the . wide .world possess to such a de gree the. sustained, calm, balanced mind 'that: in peril and unddr' strange condi tions as.' .well enables them to carry through That most trying of duties, a night' attack. And I regret IhaL no airmy. lukes fewer precautions limn our own against possible surprises, or re tains' such rooted Indifference to risks to he run from their enemy's plans and prowess. '. After gunfire, at nine p.m., In the Nor thern. .Camp, situate nt, Keepers Hill, Cunford; .last night word was passed around hi. "whispers," or rather ehhdly .hy- signs, for three baitullons to " full In" promptly/without fuss or' noise. The .men. In -full marching order, took their places In the, ranks. The moon had not .risen/ and such of the sky us. could ho seen through the environment of gloomy plribs showed .hanks' of Hying black clouds, threatening rain that came Inter In a prolonged deluge, attended by thun der and lightning. On, outpost duty for ,No..l'Fle1d Column were the Berks Be- glment. , They wer thickly spread to the cast.- securing Brimstone AVood up almost.' To the west side; or' Lnn'gmoor Down, .whereon, to the south of Wool- mer Po'rid. was Mujor-Gcneral Barnard, the invader's camp. The assaulting column consisted of the 1st 'South Staf fordshire Regiment, the 2nd Liverpool Regiment, and the llrd King's Royn! Hides. No happier selection could have been made than that the Stnffords should lead, ,for they have been long and' care- fully tutored In the' mode of making night attacks. Each soldier wore round his headdress the 'white hand that dis tinguished the Northern Force! NoMe- lesRly as ghosts -the troops moved In column out of camp., over the Illand stream, which is a tributary of Die Oak- hanger nnd River "Woy, Into Brimstone enclosure. Before them lay a march of three, miles, part of which wus over a woodland track . and two-thirds over rough uqtrodden ground, full of traps In the guise of ditches, holes, heath and fern. Halting within (lie wood, the troops closed up Into position, Major- General Ucngough. In |k!rson. wlih his staff, marching on foot with the assault ing pnjumn. taking the direct command. Luckily, as I have said, Uic enemy had withdrawn Uietr chief outposts, and. equally fortunate; the Northern lender hud In a member of his staff un officer who had. carefully scouted and explored the ground. After u quarter of un hour's smart' marching, during which not a word was 'uttered, even the command having been conveyed by sign, the column struck off the mad to the left through 'he plney woods. Not u path helped to mark the rout, and from general to private many a stumble and full was made, without ejaculation or cry of any kind. We plrl;»d ourselves out nf the pitfalls ami made our way onward- communing Inwardly to ourselves no douht. Brimstone Enclosure, at one angle, hns a narrow belt or tongue of timber that abuts upon Longmoor Down, within I'M yards of the Southern enemy's lower camp. Not a post or sentry of the foe was met with till the column arrived at the limit of the wood. By means of several brief halts, the whole column was kept In compact order. Delaying, momentarily, when within thirty yards of the edge of the wood, the assaulting column then rush ed forward at the double. An outpost nt the harrier challenged. almost shrieking, "Halt! Who goes there?" He llrcd Ills rifle, and when one or two of the outposts did tho same they were surrounded on all shies by Major-Gene ral Bengoiigh's Staffordshire Regiment. The umpires silenced these prisoners, and without pause the battalion held on towards the enemy's camp. We had scrambled on anyhow over the fance, and Jumped the big ditch, deploying partly during tho operations. For half nn hour we had seen the lights In Major- Genernl Barnard's tents- as wo stole al most between his caripx. Out upon Longmoor Down the tents were there In a hollow. 70ft below the crest. When officers and mim realised how near they had got, nought co.uld restrain their ar dor. With a roar of cheering,' as the thunder of the ocean's surge, which -was heard back nt Gonfbrd. they - ran down hill., it was a black avalanche capped with snow that swept dpvvff. . Not a soul, save a few sentinels', stirred about the tents. These challenged and 11 red, and a few men came out In a sleepy, dazed way, to meet us and lire -their rlffes. But! the shooting was feeble nnd trilling, compared with the din and tramp of the assaulting column. When within, thirty yards of the tents, Bar nard's sergeants could.be heard hoarsely bawling for Company A, and so on. to "fall In." ' It wus too late. The unw plros nnd officers- succeeded in .halting the column; for .the men's blood was up, and they would In rndny Instances, I fancy, ' have enjoyed a rough-and- tumble, with their antagonists. ' "Cease firing!" was sounded,' and his Itoyal Highness the Duke of Conndught, with the headquarters! staff, 'who. came .up, complimented Mujnr-Gcndrnl Bcngough on certainly the most brilliant enterprise of the campaign, it was 10.35 ' p.m. when the affair was over. Then, after 'gaily whistling nnd singing, the assaulting yolnmn, marching by the main roads, 'retired to' their own camp, which they reached before midnight. 