LOVE in a mask or, THE STERNE MYSTERY. PH4.PTBR XLVI.—(Continued.) Kod was startled, but he stepped forsaying boldly, for he saw that Sir iChad averted his face: "Father if I did not stand b - v J' 00 n o w j should be an unnatural craven, ta- C < ?I do not deserve this," murmured retain Campbell. "I never understood Se meaning of love until now. Sir r\n ana J were always enemies and rl- Vj. -^rg liave done each other many fitter wrongs in the past: hut the crime "f conspiring to ruin the fair fame of tis wife and those that should bear his i,v a mock marriage, is unpardonable. ' I mate no excuse ; the scheme mine and Castlemon's, because we luted Sir John. We met Mr Lan sou at tie gaming-table, and, attracted by his glib tongue and knowledge of biblical ^notations, we taxed him with being a carson, but he strongly dented it, though te confessed to having studied for the Cbureh." . -X was ashamed of being seen m so •Kicked a place," the clergyman interposed, "though I had been driven by lack of funds to try my luck." "Then it was," proceeded -Campbell, That our scheme began to EiRjsn... V-f confided in Lawson; but I'll acknowledge that we did not obtain his consent antil he had been paid fifty rupees and Tiad a promise of fifty more when his jrork was done. In a few days an expected uprising of the natives took place and we seized that opportunity to get Sir John and the girl that he had cheated us both of to go through a marriage ceremony that was to be in reality no marriage at all. Our colonel had been tilled, and his daughter, who was affianced to Sir John, needed protection. I do not think that I need dwell longer opt® this horrible subject. Only let me say how thankful I am to Heaven that Mr Lawson deceived us. To me there have been long weeks of bitter—bitter remorse." For a moment he was shaken with emotion. "In self-vindication." put in the clergyman, "let me say that before join ing in the shameful plot, I made full in' quiries about Sir John Sterne and Miss Mervin, and knew that no harm could result from a legal marriage between them. Then the affair entirely escaped mv memory for years." Suddenly Sir John spoke: " I have been terribly punished, but am by 110 means blameless. It is true that Campbell and I hated each other as young men. But let it be forgotten, •When I discovered the fancied wron; that had been done to me and my little child. I was not responsible for my actions . I searched high and low for Campbell and Castlemon. with murder in my heart. At length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and I resolved to mutilate his dead bo'dy, or finish him. if any life were left. My unerring instinct guided me to him. He was half buried among a heap of slain. I flashed my sword in his face and he begged for mercy. He was parched with fever's burning thirst. Satisfied that he was dying, I laughed at him. wished him a speedy journey to a darker world, and left him." He held out his- hand to Campbell and added: "I believe that I deserved your hate, but I forgive all for my sister's sake." Captain Campbell was too overcome to reply, but he- grasped Sir John's outstretched hand, not letting go until Mr Lawson exclaimed: "The butler and Lord Cra.\vfield*s valet have gone into the church. The earl is not far behind." Even as he spoke the Park carriage appeared at the foot of the hill, and as it passed the rectory. Captain Campbell stood at the window by the side of Sir Johc. " The accursed scoundrel !" muttered the baronet. "X saw his yellow face as the carriage passed'." For a moment the clergyman left the room, but came back saving: " Follow me to the vestry, please, through the passage that communicates with the rectory. Make as little noise as possible." The whole party obeyed, on the very tiptoe of expectation. Sir John leaning on the arm of Markham, and Captain Campbell walking between his son and wife. Captain Parker could do little else but give vent to ejaculations that had better be left out of print, while his wife and Annette brought up the rear. . They passed into the vestry, and it required the restraining hand of Mr Lawson to stay Sir John from rushing forward. and attacking Crawfield, whom he could see half-supporting the beautiful Elsie at the altar rail. "Where is Mr Lawson?" the voice of Crawfield demanded, angrily. "I am here, my lord." was the reply, as he advanced. "I am here to save this poor child from you, fiend that you are! Then it was that the earl's blazing *>es rested upon Sir John and the party crowding into the doorway; then it was Mat Elsie sprang into her father's arms a cry of joy. CHAPTER XLVIL—ELYSIUM. r w ? , think and to act. Lord ^rawfieia knew tha)t he was cornered—that there was not a ghost rL a chance for the success of his ®cneme of making Elsie Sterne his wife, could not understand how he had so cleverly hoodwinked, or how the ™an he knew as Castlemon liad escaped irom the well. And here was Sir John oterne, whom he had believed to °»og thousands of miles away—here back at Blairwood, and apparently »improving health. thń 1 ttis to Grant- curse bim 1" !he bow' u UIlderst a-nd his warning " He has beaten me with my own ltt? 0 ?.;- K 1 ever meet him again, it •MŁis life or mine!" J f ; ! ord " Captain Campbell said, a w not now press you for the payment gro promised, and I give you credit .for not 111 your o w n m i n d I RVw ? S l lemon ' b u t Ean-y Campbell, vnii Ii- betra *-ed my knowledge that a mur d »er, I knew that you ifor v7> kiiI me ' a n d w a s Prepared The man upon whom-yoninana « , Shift 41,6 crim e was present, m e the welL I do iunL k Sir John's Intention to y Z a for dru ggtag and kidnapping ^ daughter, but while forgiving PoW ? ^ m e - 1 m t e n a informing Oieht % *" hat 1 ^ the Park on the Etrojea^ Zeba ' s cott *« e n>as Ifomplice, Grant, has fled,' to Sir "I would advise you clever® ^ T o u a r e a y o n n S man, ra^ V.r. 5 "' 31,3 o f tte highest social o^'weki?" ^ ^ 1 5 btaste a *>y your Shourt nd unscrupulous : mind, fce ricMs " a**"* It. It -would <agonv i^Pre ?i b,y T,ainful to have your a ^ a weary trial before J o n S r ^ V ^ agree to give the comlt " f0Ur hours in ^hich to leave honored/' 5 '° U haTe^tegiaced and dls- 311 e3cpose or '"ThT ^Ject wretch taen^p^ B l r J °hn's life." clergyman. "I am the t n ^ ^ f na^ted the ceremony which Miss Sterne's mother a legal wife 356 Tou have been imposed upon in every »ay." "There was a. touch, of sarcasm in Mr Lawstm's tones, ^ad with a fierce imprecation Lord Crawfield turned and hurried away—out of their lives for ever, with Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following close behind. "What terms they made with him for services rendered will never be known. Meanwhile, Lady Helena had fainted, and recovered at least.half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner in which Sir John regarded her. Ait last she fell sobbing at Ms feet, and was told to leave Blairwood Park that very flay. "Tou shall not face the world penniless," Sir John said; "but I will not have one element of discord under my roof an instant longer than is necessary. Go to some hotel or just wherever you please, and I will send you a cheque for five hundred pounds. After that I wash my hands of you,* ungrateful woman that you are!" The party left the church and entered the carriages that had returned from the Blairwood Arms, and so great was the joy upon every face that any "passin stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. At the last moment, however, Noel expressed a desire to walk with Elsie to the Park rather than ride, because the exercise and the sweet, fresh air would help to banish the lingering effects ei the narcotic that still clung -4o her system. Upon this Annette suggested .that she should ride on the box beside Stretton. She did not -mind it a bit—in fact, she would enjoy it. The requests of She young people were smilingly granted, and, when they were alone Noel caught Elsie to his breast in a mad. passionate embrace. "Oh. my darling," he said, "I can hardly believe that all this is real yet But yesterday we were in darkness and pain, and now Heaven itself is opened to us, and we are bidden to enter." She answered him with a kiss and a happy sigh, and they walked together, clinging tightly all the way until they came to the embowered lawn, which Noel called the "Court, of Love." Again did they recount all that was beautiful in tŁe past, but the most bliss ful moments that memory recalled paled before the exquisite joy of the shinin; present. * • e * « Though the reader may anticipate pretty accurately what became of the people who have played their parts in this story, he or she would feel a little dissatisfied if the author neglected chronicle the actual facts in black and white, so I will gather up the threads and lay them before you. Lord Crawfield took the advice of Sir John, and fled to the Continent; but, not in accordance with Sir John's advice, he was breathing vengeance against Grant, whom he still believed had duped him. Though he searched for the lawyer for many weeks, he met him at last accidentally, to be shot dead on the instant by the man whom he was seeking. There was no malice or premeditated intent to kill in the lawyer's act. He was simply frenzied by fear. - after being chased over Europe by a man who had sworn to take his life. Then Grant dis appeared, none knew whither. The blow was a severe one to the pride of his wife and. stepdaughter; but Ade line Cleveland consoled herself by mar rying an aged and impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a digni fied name in lieu of ready cash. The gentlemanly Mr Kemp was forced to leave Blairwood somewhat hastily. To his disgust, he was paid his claim against William Stretton In full, and saw his hated rival reinstated as head gamekeeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reached the ears of people who had had reason to dislike him, and upon the very day that Stiretton and Annette were married the gentlemanly Mr Kemp was tarred and feathered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too well. He fied, and never came back again. Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind, the result being that an accumulation due to his sister-.aroounting to upwards of a hundred thousand pouifds, was transferred in a proper and legal manner and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation tha,t he deducted «very fraction of the money paid to Captain Campbell when he was known as James Castlemon. This was insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband and industriously employed himself to the shrewd investment of his wife's un expected wealth. And all this while^Noel had been working slavishly, his time being about equally divided between his studio London and Blairwood Park. tn five months he had painted half-adozen portraits, and the picture that was to -make his fame and fortune had been accepted by the Academy. with this great news he arrived unexpectedly at the Park -fine morning, and Sir John greeted Wm with a merry laugh. "Here again!" he said. "Noel, my boy, I think that you had better set up your studio here. If yon are not consumed wifli impatience to go in search of Elsie, I would like to say a few words to you." "T am listening, uncle; but pray don't be long. I have grand news myself. My last picture is accepted, and I "' "Well, well! I will be brief. Tou and Elsie are to be married next month, and as all this will be yours and hers one day, you must not take my ewe Iamb away from me. I am an old man—much older than my years, and I want young head and stirong hands to help me in the management of my estate. Z love Elsie, even as much as you do—In a different pray. I love you lad, because— Tears gathered in his eyes, and Nod grasped his bands. "Uncle," he said, "your will is our law. in these things. I should hate to take my darling away from you, and nothing will please us better than——" "Better fihan what?" interrupted Elsie, suddenly entering the room, her face radiantly lovely with tbe jgreat happiness thai had come Into her life. - . " Why, nothing will please us better than to make our home here after, we are married,-.sweetheart." Nod concluded.' laughingly, as he kissed 'her blush ing taxx. "It is papa's wish, darling."" Elsie rail to her Cither's arms and kissed him fondly, saying: ' "I never want to leave , you, dear papa—never!" " ""Only for. a little while. Ton must have a nice honeymoon." he . smiled. "And that reminds me that there Is a big box of wadding presents for you from Captain Parker and his wife/ Now that I am satisfied T will ieave'Yon' to your love-maMng. I see that Mr Law- EÓn is coming across the lawn.".' Sir John left them togther to that ineffable WUss wWch the true and. the tried only kiiofr. " » ' • v ' r:r '-'" • KThe EndP ; v; T3ie "cold jnoon" is oot cold at jail wlićńślie Is visible, Irak Tery, To^ hot cold. ~ f 