THE-SERMON. THE COMMONWEALTH.OF GOD AND THE FEDERATION OF,AUSTRALIA. (By the Rev. J. GIBSON, of West Mel bourne Presbyterian Church). Text, Ephesians ii: 19-"Now tWoiv.T ! ye are no more atranger. and foreign!!?SJt houSldrfGS» "* »< *« state. In the same chapter lie speaks of the commonWealth of lsnel Lir f from the commonwealth of God. FroiX he says, the Ephesians were "aliens beine strangers from the covenants of promise having; no hope, and without t/nj ?n the world; but now,5' he adds, "in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far nff -jT Je , nigh by the blood of Christ, for He is'oS peace who hath made two into one and tion! CU down tbe middle wall of part? ' It is a fine conception, this which Paul UD10IX or fel,OT"sbip of dif ferent races m one commonwealth or house hold of ~Gjod,|and I have thought it a fit -subject for our consideration to day on the occasion of our anniversary, seeing that as a Christian congregation, we belong to the household of which the apostle speaks and must, therefore, be deeply interested in its welfare and progress, but for another reason I have chosen to speak on the subject of our text, and it is this. ? While we are celebrating to-day our anniversary as a congregation within the household of God there is much talk of the formation of another commonwealth throughout Aus tralia, m which the different colonies of Australia are to be federated or united as one for the common benefit and support of aH. It is true that the latter common wealth is a political combination, and might be thought quite different in its constftu tion from the commonwealth or household of God But by comparing the two. I wish i . v. - y0','Jl07 t,he ,°?e commonwealth, which is political, should approximate to the other commonwealth in character, not withstanding the difference between them my object being to impress upon you the Tam!ty °u l'ltrotu?iDg every common wealth, whether it be political or religious, the same fundamental principles which Paul conceived to be essential in the household of bod. With this object in view, let me point out what things Paul believed to he necessary in the commonwealth of God before that commonwealth, as he expresses it, could be ?fitly framed together; then vou will the J more clearly understand how we should pro j feed tb' build up a commonwealth of \us I tralfo: such as will endure and prosper.* | .-Paul's words, I have said, convev the idea I of a pcrfcict state. The verv title of his [commonwealth-the household of God-sug-1 gests -perfection, for God is perfect, and jrveiything^ belonging to Him must be per 4-feet tot). . lint, looking at the'matter only ' ' }l,umaf1 i>oint of view, wenotice, first Of all; that the-apostle's idea of a perfect it^^jjiQnwe^Qi.iB oiie in which nobody shall' .-appear as .a-.stranger or foreigner. Ib the J SommonweaUh of Israel, ^vith which he con trasts the';couirnoiiwealth*cf God; Paul, round, people like' the Ephesians were treated as aliens. They were rigidly ex-' pluded from' the rights and privileges of I .Jewish citizens, not because of anv moral or spiritual disqualifications, but simply be I cause of an accident of birth, and becausej j they had not conformed to an outward cere I mon.v, what lie describes as "circumcision< in the flesh made by hands." In the com-1 monwealth of God, however, such accidental barriers do not exist. Circumcised or un circumcised, Jew or Greek, even- man, ac cording to Paul, is to have access bv one spirit unto the Father, so that-no one shall I : "ecounted a stranger or foreigner, but alii ? shall be fellow-citizens with the saints. I j Now, this just means that in Paul's view of! ;a jierfect state there should be equality be j foi-e God. between men, and nobody desir I mg citizenship should be excluded by mere j circumstances of birth, or any other acei i dental circumstances, from enjoying the! rights and privileges of citizens, in another 1 I passage, namely, in his epistle to the Gala-1 : tians, the apostle says there is neither Jew nor Gentile in the commonwealth of God, neither bond nor free, neither male nor female, for all are one in Christ .lesus. That is to say, not only are distinctions of ?nationality to be abolished in the perfect state, but distinctions of class and even distinctions of sex are also to be abolished, as far as the enjoyment of the rights and. I privileges of citizenship is concerned. Women and slaves, therefore, who in other j states may be denied the rights and privi-l leges of citizens, are to enjoy these equally | with free men in the commonwealth of God. But why is this 6o? Why does the j apostle lay it down as a fundamental prin i ciple in the constitution of the common I wealth of God that all should be one, I whether they,are bom Jews or Greeks, Uri [ tons or Chinese, bond or free, male or fe | male? For two reasons, I flunk. First, because all are the children of one Father. | "God," sayB Paul, "hath made of one blood ! all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth;" and "Of a truth," says Peter, "I perceive that God is no respecter of persons, but in every nation he that feareth Him and worketh righteousness is j accepted with Him." That being so, since God makes no distinction between men in His commonwealth, as far as nationality or jother outward circumstances are concerned, i it is not for us to make such distinctions in any Commonwealth of Australia that aims at being perfect. But more than that, there is a second reason why there should be perfect equality of citizenship in the per fect commonwealth, even to the abolition of distinctions of nationality, distinctions of class, and distinctions of sex. Everyone, Jew and Gentile, bondman and freeman, male and female^ has to bear the burdens of citi zenship, whether the privileges of citizen shin be enjoyed or not, and it is neither right nor fair in any state that those who perform the duties or bear the burdens should be prevented from sharing the privi leges of citizens. Perfect equality, of course, does not mean >vhat the French Commu niets contended for, and what some social ists stUl contend for, namely, that all shoujd have share and-Share alike of whatever is going. That would' be absurd. AH do not perforin the same duties, and all cannot therefore expect to enjoy the very same benefits, But Paul's idea of a perfect com monwealth-most certainly implies that "in Everything essential to citizenship, in the rigjhtto govern or elect Governors as in the privilege of being governed, in the right to decide what is best for the good of all as in the privilege of working for the common good,-all should have «tl *qual opportunity of expressing their opinions and of making their influence felt forgood. Slavery, there fore, in every shape and form, is inconsis tent -jvith -^citizenship in a < perfect - 6tate, PJMflliw^ithBtandingjfotit'degra^'"^ man ; below the. level if citizenship, and if any be. denied tlie rights they cannot be expected worthily to perform the duties of good citi zens. In the second place, we notice, besides ! equality, Paul's idea of a perfect- state im Elies fraternity. All the citizens should be rotherly and Unit together in the bonds of peace. "Christ," he says, "is our peace, who hath made two into one, and broken down the middle wall of partition, so making peace;" and you remember how, in another passage, he sneaks of the kingdom of God as being righteousness, peace, joy in the Holy Ghost. At present in most states (so imperfect is our behaviour and our . ideal of conduct), there is anything but peace be tween citizens. Men of one nationality are at enmity with those of a different na tionality; class is arrayed against class, and the rights of women are set up, as if they were quite distinct from, and in a measure, opposed to the rights of men. Constant bickering and quarrelling are the result, and confusion prevails, where there should be harmony and goodwill. Instead of a com mon weal, then, there is too often a common woe; each man, or class of men,, seeking particular ends, ajid forgetting the general good.' Now, in a perfect state, as in a well ordered household; it ought to be recognised thatif one suffers, alljnust suffer, ana that if there is to be prosperity there must be peace. A house divided against itself can not stand, and no more can a community prosper, if its members are constantly fall ing out and striving against one another tfor their own ends, instead of seeking the common welfare. Peace, of course, may be bought at the price of honour and health. It is sometimes so bought. But true peace,' the peace of real brotherhood, that which we look for in families, does not need to be bought, and never should be bought. In fact(> it cannot be bought. It is part of a man's disposition, and unless it be as dear to him as his heart's blood it will always be liable to fail. It is the very image of love, the outward expression of an inward state, and love is the essence of humanity or what is humane, civil, kind. The question what makes peace honour able or disinterested (for to be honourable it must spring from disinterested motives), leads me to observe, lastly, that Paul's idea of a perfect commonwealth implies obedience to law, which is perfect liberty. I put liberty last among the attributes of a perfect state; but you can put it first, if you like, as the Srench revolutionists did, for it is both first and last, lying as it does at the very founda tion of all. But, mark well what true liberty is. Equality in the state insures the perfect enjoyment of the rights and privileges of citizenship by all the citizens; fraternity or peace among the citizens proceeding from mutual love implies that everyone is as anxious for the common welfare as for his own individual advancement; but occasions may arise when the rights of in | dividuals clash, and threaten to de istroy the harmony that should prevail. There must, then, be respect for law and authority, and a ready obedience on the part of all the citizens to what the law re-, quireg. Without this there may be tyranny on .one side or another, but there can be no true liberty. Now, here we reach the first principle upon which every commonwealth «ho(ild be founded, and the last thing that any commonwealth can do without, viz., righteousness. This is the corner-stone of the whole' edifice of a perfect state. Christ Himself, said, "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all else shall be added unto you." The kingdom and righteousness appear in His view as one and the same. Ana clearly, if men love not j to do what is right, they will never learn to live at peace with one another, or to treat one another as equals, without re spect of persons or class or nationality. In righteousness God rules the world, and by righteousness alone can earthly rulers hope to have a perfect 6tate. It is this that exalteth a nation, and not wealth or any thing else. But righteousness and human law, I need hardly say, are not always one and the same thing. Law and equity, in deed, are often opposed in human govern l ment. What is lawful is sometimes merely j what is expedient-a compromise, a make ! shift, not pure justice. The fault is in | human nature, with its imperfect judgment ; as to what is right, and its habit of con founding justice with its own selfish in terests or wishes. Hence the necessity for something more than human judgment in governing a commonwealth. To be per fectly fair, or just, or righteous in dealing with others a man must learn to look be yond himself, and not on his own things merely, and lie must learn to trust other! judgment than his own. And so in a per fect commonwealth we must have laws for the citizen to obey which are not made merely by men. Divine law over and above human law-that is absolutely required to regulate our conduct before perfection can be reached j and obedience to God must ever come first if the will of earthly rulers conflicts with the will of heaven. Reforms will thus be secured in human government when such reforms are necessary, and so liberty will be progress. The laws of God for tlie guidance of men and nations have been variously expressed, let me say. They have been revealed in nature^ they have been written in. books; but primarily they are engraved on the human heart, ana obedience to them is the main thing in all religious worthy of the name. But here comes the conclusion of the whole matter, and here, I think, you will perceive the value of what I have been say ing in relation to the foundation of a Commonwealth of Australia. That com monwealth, we know, is a political com bination, and religion, we are sometimes told, has nothing to do with politics, by which is probably meant that politics should have nothing to do with it. But I am sure you will agree with me that if re ligion preaches righteousness and peace and equality between men, then it has a great deal to do with politics, and ought to have a great deal more than some men allow. In truth, so far as the general conduct of citizens is concerned, a religion which preaches the things I have mentioned has everything to do with politics, and politi cians ought to make religion a very vital concern, both for themselves and those whom they seek to govern, if they would see their Government prosper. There is no otjhfef "feure foundation; on which they can hope to build up a well-ordered, pros-, perous, arid lasting commonwealth.'" All; jiistory testified to this, that once nations and -men, have ceased to be religious, or-lo take religion into account in tneit daily: conduct, then, most surely, they have begun to decline ana fall. Aild who among poli ticians, except the most shifty and cunning of self-seekers, or who, among citizens, ex cept the most 'worthless and careless, can doubt the value of .a relirion like Christ's", which makes it the first duty, botixof eifci' eene, and their rulers, to be righteous before God, to live peaceably together a< brothers ' 1 ' . ?? -m. ,:-m 1 1 ? » -{in. a-.ooioin^n'-housetiola, And to treat-one j&tfotherfaitly; -affehtitled fo. equal rights ;ind privileges.' i venture to say that the ! best Christian will always make the best j governor and the best citizen in any com monwealth, and, therefore, I urge you to cultivate pure religion, not merely in church, as memliers of the household of I God, but also in the state, as members of a common brotherhood. Of religion that is not pure I have nothing to say, except what wouM condemn it as injurious alike to church and state. No. nation or in dividual has ever really, ptagpered through the cultivation of what is base or false, even though the baseness or falsehood -was covered with the cloak of religion. The Romans in the time of Augustuiewere ac customed to complain that their empire decayed beCause tlie faith of their fataers had been given up, and a new religion. day* ancient gods, she would regain her ancient majesty. We hate the new religion of the Christians, not for its doctrines, but for its action on our state; its life has worked our death." But Augustine's reply to this pathetic wail was only the simple truth, that Rome declined and fell, not because anything good in- the ancient religion of Rome had been given up, but because the errors and vices which that religion en gendered or failed to check had been al lowed to corrupt the national life, and it was necessary that a purer religion, even that of Christ, should purge the dross as by fire and. destroy the evil forces that were at work. Christianity, however, has other business on hand besides that of destroying what is bad,*-its chief end is to preserve what is good and build up over all the earth a kingdom of God "wherein dwelleth righteousness." And to this end, I repeat, we should all see to it, both as members ql the household of God and as citizens of the state, that we use all the forces of Chris tianity so that the fair brotherhood of men, which Christ came to establish upon the earth, may be established here in Aus tralia, if not in other lands, for the glory of God and the. benefit of the whole world. 