LfTKRAKV GOSSIP. ' A tas-e for hoots biT.-Ti.t* more and ujori' comuiui!.' — Maoaulai. Messrs. Longmans, Green, and Co. have in hai;d for the autumn season two new books bv Andrew Laug. The first is a ' Book of Dreams and Ghosts,' containing many modern stories of the super natural, now published i'or the first time, while tbe second book is Mr. Land's usual Christmas book, to be called the 'Pink Fairv Book.' A London weekly paper ob serves : — ' Mr. Andrew Lan? has, perhaps, attained distinction in more various departments of literature thiiu any other living writer. As a student of folk-lore be has proved himself no un worthy antagonist of Mr. Max Miiller. whom he chaffs unmer cifully about his sun- myths. His translations of Hosuer and Theo critus establish h's claim to be considered a classical scholar. His leading articles in the L\ '/ Kfit'v are full of learning pul lightly like pr.voVr in jam ;' and he turns o\,\\. a baiUid after the style of Viiloa as deftly as any man need. Oniv as a novelist has Mr. Lang failed.' This last state ment is open to question. Many a young novelist, struggling for recognition, would be only too thankful if he could 'fail' to the same extent as Mr. Lang and for the same terms. Mark Twaiu's book about his trip round the world, to whxch be is now adding the finishing touches in London, will appear in the autumn. It is said to be written in the style of ' Innocents Abroad.'' In a recent letter the author refers to the book ;is follows : — ' I am i.iore than batiffied with it these latter days. I wouldn't tci le it for auy book 1 Live over written, and I am not nn ia~v person to please.' The title is not \el an nounced. We are not likely at the earliest to get the biotrraphy of Professor Henry Druinmond for 18 mouths. He was a consiJerp.ble let'er writer, aud had ina:iy prominent friends. Hie correspondence ought there fore to be au attractive feature of the work ; but as to the materials available little can as yet be said in anv definite wav. Ihe choice of Dr. George Adam Smith as Drum mond's l-iot;i ripber has commended itself to everybody. The two men were intimate personal friends, and in gifts and characteristics they had much in common. At last there seems to be a pros pect of the ' Life ot Sir Andrew Clark' being published. This biograpbv ir- oi;e in which Mr. Gladstone, the most eminent of the lale physician's patients, has | taken a deep interest, and a tribute to Sir Andrew by Mr. Gladstone will be oue of the features of the book. Miss Ethel Turner's new work for the coming season is entitled ' Miss Bobbie,' »nd may be ex pected in September. An increased number of illujatratioirs by Harold Copping will form a special fea ture of the book, which will be en larged in size, although the price will remain the popular halfa crown. The favorite authoress lias dedicated this volume to Mr. W. fcteele, Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co's. Australasian manager, who has been closely associated with the fortunes of her pre vious books. Mr. Alfred Austin's ode which was published 'on June 21 was not the only jubilee pcem which the Laureate has written. Another appeared in the Nru- York In dependeni of June 17 under the title ' Victoria the Good.' Here is the first stanza : — '1 he dew vras un Ihe summer lawn : 'ihe roses bloomed, the wcods were yreeu, Whin f.vth ttpre came, as fresh as dawn, A Maicieu tvitli majestic mien. They girt a cr^wn abcut her brow, 'ILey piaced a Fceptte in her hand. And loud rang out a Nation's tow, ' God Guerd the Lady of the Land T Mr. Hester has written the ' Annals of England ' in 200 pages of doggerel verse, of which the following is a fair specimen :? — We annexed the TrannvU. srd thru slew 'Ihe 'lrAi:svaaVt viie»d, tbe fierce Zulu. No lor^er by tbeir foeN alarmed. The l-oers for iudependence su-med. They heat us at Mhjiiba Kill, Ar.d, resoluto, achieved tbeir will. This is almost equal to the famous but auonymous stanza: — Joshua, son of Nun, Ai.d Caleb, eoii of Jephunneb, Were the o! ly tv.o '1 hut ever got through To the laud of milk and honey. The Berlin 2vaii--ri-il Zeitmiy has been following an example made in England, and asking competent experts to answer the question 'What Do the People Itead r' The cheap edition of Schiller's 'Tell 'heads the list with a sale of 61i»,000 copies. Go-'the'.s ' Hermann and Dorothea ' follows next with 490,000. The third and fourth in the catalogue are the German translations oi Sir Walter Scott's ' Ivauhoe,' with a sale of ? 45,000, and of the ' Piokwickier 'j of Charles Dickens with 40,000. The German equivalent for ' a double million magnifying gas microscope of hextra power ' would be a philological curiositv. The Literary World tells of the shock received bv Funk a::d Wau' nails, an American firm of pul - iisiiers, when the advance sheets came to hand of Aiphonse Daudet's ' Sappho,' which thev had pin chased the right to issue in the States. (They were a firm used io publishing religious worksj ' They made haste at onee to cable to Daudet, ''Sappho'' will nyL do.' ThiservptogrumuMtic cable message bafflrrf Diiudpt. It was solougsiuce he had had anything rejected that lie did not know what it meant. He consulted with numbers of friends, and this was the conclusion at which they eventuallv arrived : — ' Sappho ' in French is spelled with one ' p ' — ' Sapho.' In Eng lish it is spelled with two. Au unusually acute friend pointed this out to Daudet, which much relieved the novelist, and he cabled back to Funk and Wagnalls, ' Spell it with two p's.' The pub lishers were more astonished at Daudet's reply tlian be had been at their cable message.'' 