Up Country. THE RECOLLECTIONS OP' A CITST GIRL. While waiting1 yesterday for an as sistant at a bookstall to find a book I overheard a young- man remark to some of his friends: 'What a dull time these country people must have all the year round. I don't think I could exist for an hour in a country town, much less pass my life away on a farm.' Poor fellow! I thought, how delicate you must he. How do city people get such wrong ideas of the manner of life in the country? The truth is that there is scarcely one living- in the country who would exchange the simple pleasures it affords for all the gaiety which city life offers. No, there is something- in the bush which every native of it loves, a sweetness in the atmosphere, and a simplicity in the life, which en dears it to the dwellers. Looking- seriously into the matter, we cannot help seeing- that in the city men hardly understand their real posi' tion, or the end for which they are working-. Nor is it necessary, for their occupations are as a rule 'purely conventional, or mechanical. They perform their amount of work day af ter day, but they do not see the re sults of their labour. How different it is in the country. There nothing- is obscure. The farmer sows his seeds and works hard tilling- the soil. He labours not in vain, and his work is made less difficult by the happy pros pect of a g-ood harvest. He is' under the canopy of heaven from early morn ing- till dusk, and is always sure of an abundant supply of fresh air. Is it not true that men who are condemned to live in the haunts of manufacturing and commercial industry rush to the bush whenever leisure allows them and gaze with long-ing even upon landscapes transferred to canvas Rustic life is nearly always the same. I cannot forg-et my first impressions when visiting- a large country farm in my early schooldays during a Christmas vacation. Not that I can point out ex actly what there was in the old ivy grown wall, or the shingled roof patch ed here and there with tin, or the busy farmyard, or the noisy poultry that interested me. Nor was there much beauty, according- to city ideas— in the lace of the girl who was sitting on a low stool near a basket of flowers, some of which she was twining into a wreath, unconscious at the moment that visi tors had arrived and were looking1 at her. But there was truth and real life in the surroundings, enough to prove that an eclogue is the poem which ad heres closest to nature, and has the softest sentiments. It was not difficult to persuade us to prolong our stay, and as the time flew on I began to forget the noisy city streets. One clay while we were having a confidential little chat I asked the farmer's daughter if she ever grew lonely, or felt her life monotonous. 'Oh, well!' she said, 'now and again I feel as if 1 would like a change, but when the time comes I put off the trip, and very soon forget my intentions of leaving home.' Perhaps it is far better for her not to go, for if! she once lost her love and ap preciation of the simplicity of country pleasures she would scarcely ever find them again. Like the little cage-born bird she discovers in her own limited circle a thousand little pleasures in visible to eyes that have a wider range. What can be more charming1 than to listen to the sunburnt farmer hum ming1 familiar little airs at the plough, as though it were some musical in strument? The first day that my friend took me for a drive through the country we came in view of a humble dwelling Round the door were three or four young girls and an aged woman, their mother. The centre of attraction was a hawker exhibiting his various wares for sale to the astonished looking pur chasers. We did not interrupt them,, and I need hardly say that they did, not seem to see us. The mother, with spectacles on her nose, held in her hand a piece of lace, and appeared to be discusisng the price, Avhile the young girls looked at her as if they thought it would be a great loss to lot it go at any figure. We did not wait to see if the article was pur chased. My fripncl told mo that many a Avife and many a maiden, too, in those back parts of the country, look forward to I; ho visit ol! the hawker with almost as much eagerness as they a Aval t the ar rival of the postman, who is to bring thorn news ol! a. Avanclering husband or brother. LhMng at a considerable distance from the town, they cannot find time to leaA'e their homes in or der to purchase what they require. Tho result is the haAvkev's visits are Arory Avolcome, and his goods readily bought. 'Rut day by day he is groAV iim* less familiar in the country, owing to the well -stocked stores in the toAvn ships and the good roads. My dreams that night Avere on a little of everything1 that T had seen during the day. When Ave had to re turn home to the city it Avas with re gret that Ave parted from the dear old scenes and friends. Among the most memorable events in the country is a wedding. Prepara tions are made for months before the nuptials take place, In the smaller towns the whole country seems re joicing 011 the day. The church is clo oorated avH.1i the choicest flowers, and the greatest pains are taken to haA'e ovprythlng1 as' perfect as possible. I Avas in a country town not so long ago when one of these Aved dings oc curred, and I receh'ed an invitation. When the morning came the sun ap peared to shine brighter than ever.and the day Avas as sunny as any heart could Avish. it to be. The bride looked uncommonly beautiful in her robes of Arirgin Avhite, as she Avas led up trem bling to the altar. What is it that 'makes eA'eryone serious sind awestruck at a mariage ceremony, which is gen erally considered as an occasion for rejoicing? During the ceremony I no ticed many a rosy face turn pale, and I did not see a ghost of a smile throughout the church. The moment, hoAvever, the ceremony Avas over the change Avas magical. The happy cuuple Avero cheered Ij.'. a crowd of pea santry as they left the church and en tered their buggy. The day passed off with great rustic rejoicings. Numbers nt friends A\t'i-' on---: lained, and all thoughts of work were banished from the mind. Everyone laughed at his own pleasantry without attending to that of his neighbours. NeArer before did I. AViuWs s.uch a happy gathering. After dinner all the company aban doned themselves to the dance, and neA'or Avas a dance more thoroughly enjoyed Surely the country people are the privileged portion of the human race. MARY AGNES RTAN. 