Again the circling year brings round the anniversary of the birth of the lowly Nazarene whose advent . was J,.— .liAn. U., " Kp anti <i J — rBBBKfa who whispered the message of Peace on Earth, Goodwill 4o Men. And al though in this materialistic age — ma terialistic even in its ortioioxy— the ears of the earthdwellers for the most part are shut against the voices of the angels, still that mystic message has not heen forgotten, and Christmastide the world over is a season of good wishes and good will amongst men. It is a time when the feuds engendered during the year can without loss of dignity be fo gotten and opposing fac tions and partisans can lay aside their petty temporal differences and realise for a little space the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Man. It is the looked-for time of re-union among the scattered members of fami lies, who at Christmas endeavor to hold a family tryst and renew tbe springs of affection in the home circle. And it is well that .it is so. This world would be a poor dreary place without the sentiments' of love' and friendship ; and both love and friendship are -de veloped' and cemented daring the Clyistnias gatherings, pastimes and feastings. Tbe season is marked as a welcome break in the work-a-day routine of life, a little season of surcease from 'the cares of business and useful toil. Here beneath the Southern Cross 'we celebrate the occasion under different circumstances, climatic conditions, and other methods than those in vopn ) in the old countries of the n- rt'iern hemisphere. Instead of the dark December of old England with its sleet and 6now, where they pile the Yule log on tbe fire and gather round the Rearth to tell ghost stories, we have the thermometer ranging up to 100 d eg. in tbe shade, and seek our pastime in athletics ih the open air, or in pic-nics by the river side beneath the shade of the gnm trees. Still, with all this diversity the sentiments' are nurtnred-j list the same, and we.are steadied_ini_the_'ajv_tMlfeliviiiTa "rough Bliate of in strnmeni every half year. The secretary's action in advertising the dates on which the library wonld be closed daring the Christ mas holidays was approved, on the motion of Messrs O'Brien and Davidson. The meet log then closed. For the firat time in many years, there is to ha an election for the Eastern Vermin Board. Polling day is fixed for January 6 th. There are nine nominations lodged, and these include all the old members- There has been considerable grumbling and discontent evinced by the mallee lessees with the work ing of the board as at present constituted, and resolutions were carried at Meeting West, Quambatook and Lalbert asking the Minister to abolish the board altogether as having outlived its alleged usefulness. If there was genuine cause for com. plaint the lessees hare the remedy now in. their own hands, and can ef fect a change in their representation. If they are satisfied with the old member3 they can re-elect them, and if tired oi them they know what to -do— rnh'their dames off the ballot papers. It is a matter that con cerns tbieir welfare, and the mallee set tiers should not neglect to vote, to register their verdict one way or another. Their choice will fix the character of the board, and if they ohoose unwisely they will only have themselves to blame and should quit grumb ling. At the half-yearly meeting of the Mattiew Burnett Tent, I.O.R., the following o fibers were elected for the ensuing term : — CR., Bro F. Punch (re-elected) ; D.R., Bro H. Bntland ; P.C.R-, Rev Bro W. Webster ; W.S., Bro A Barnes ; M.S., Bro Lisconibe ; L., Bro W. Barnes ; I.G., Bro Arnerin ; treasurer, Bro A. G. Adams (re-elected) ; secretary, Bro J. £. Manning (re- elected) ; auditors, Bros H. Hawthorne and L. Whitney. Upwards of 260 candidates for admisdon to the non-clerical division of tbe public service presented themselves at the exanina- tions which were held in Melbo rne and the chief prjrinc al towns on Saturday- 3-1 c . Bgauitejgli.not be i as sue" havings hanks' are' not m'w ' con nected with the Postal department! corrpsl pondence addressed to them shonldpear the usual postage. It has been decidal, how ever, no', to io<pose fines for deficieit post age on Savings Bank oommnnicatiois until the 1st of Jane next. It is advertised that to meet the con vem'ence of Kerang visitors to the Barbara . Athletic Sports cn Monday next, a special tram will leave the Kerang Railway Station at 9.30 a.m., and the evening tram will be delayed at Koondrook for the return j urney till half-past seven. Excursion fares will be charged. - Two instances of the effects of prohibitive borderduties have been brought under notice at Warrnambool. Mr Wm Langtry, of Kenilworth (near Port Fairy), recently wrote to a Sydney firm, asking for the prices of sulky road-carts, delivered at Port Fairy. Tbe firm replied : — Wejregret thatit will Jb'e impossible for uB to_do anyjmfiness with ybu'in these carta 'as' the import duty into Victoria is £19 on' each two-wheel vehicle. We sell the carts in Sydney at. £6 6s eaili, . so that it would not be of any use whatever our quoting them carrying a duty greater than the value of the cart." Some time ago Mr Gideon Nichol (a farmer) sent a hag of grass ssed to Toowoomba, in Queensland, He was astonished, on getting the account to fiud that the charges and duty amounted £1 15s 6d, of which 15s was for duty. The value of the bag of grass seed at that time in Victoria was about £1 13s. The excessive amount of the duty has been brought under the notice ef the Minister of Lands in Queens land. During the -past few days a fitfnl rainfall has been general throughout coastal N- S. Wales. The arid districts of the interior" sue Etill waiting and -hoping for similar favors. On Wednesday evening a fewof the friends of Miss Gibson and Mr Porn ell met at Mrs Magil ton's residence to spend an evening together. Mr ParneU, ( of the firm of' Par- nell and Sons, Geelong, has jnst' '.completed of his gifted friend's mortal remains. Up till midday yesterday tbe weather was hot and sultry. Then a few slight thuode- storms paseed over the town laying the dost and reducing the temperature to a more welcome condition. Some cases of typhoid are reported, but so far they are of a mild type. The Murray at Echuca is now only about 2ft. above summer level. An indignation meeting of tbe residents of Swan Hill was held on Wednesday night in connection with the town water supply, Cr Tuff in the chair. It was pointed out that, while the ratepayers were called upon to pay a rate of 2s in the £ (four times that of Melbourne), there were residents in the south portion who were affected by a total want of supply. Several ratepayers said that, although paying rates, they had also to pay for water carting. Resolutions were carried representing to the Minister of Water Sup ply the necessity of bis taking immediate steps to relieve the distressed ratepayers, and asking that a 3in pipe be laid at once from tbe termination of the 4in main in Campbell-street. The quarterly meeting of the Wealeyan Church was held at the parsonage on Wed neaday last, the Rev. L. Tait presiding. dance was smaller than usual. The balance sheet submitted was of a very satisfactory character, the income being about £3 above the expenditure, a considerable sum having been raised by special efforts and donations. Several items of correspondence were read and dealt with, and a number of matters were brought under review. Messrs Peel and Holloway were re-appointed circuit stewards, and the latter gentleman was elected lay representative to the Annual Conference, with Mr Freeman as substitute. fa Saturday, at Nyah, a lad named Archi bald Holding Jeans, aged 10 years and 10 months, son of a village settler, m""- death by drowning. Decease -a<1 another boy named Sydney v— "ril were, at about 4 o'clock vne afternoon, fishing is the Murray. Vermeil's line go\jjentang!ed in a hag. thi"» the water, u<MSfcraSF'W|Min3BMW He failed, and returned to$be. bank, when deceased said he Would hkye a try. He stripped off, caught hold of -the end Vf the line and wound it round his hand and swam to where the line was Enagged, but was un able to free it, and eauk in endeavoring to reach the bank. When the body was re covered the line was twisted around decea sed's riuht arm and light leg. 