CHAPTER XXIX. THE FIRST LINK IN THE CHAIN. It was between 10 and 11 o'clock at night, and the night watchman was again seated within his snug little domicile, consuming his frugal repast. He was sitting beside the small table fully dressed, as he had just come in from his solitary round. His old soft hat was pushed back from his brow, about which a tangled mass of iron- grey hair hung; he had not even removed the big coat which he had donned some hours earlier in the evening; his strong, heavily soled boots were stained with patches of black mud; and the eyes that burned brightly behind his blue spectacles had in them some- thing which told of a mind plunged in specu- lation. The door of the hut was standing half-open, and through the doorway the bright glow of the oil lamp shot a broad ray of light into the outer blackness of the silent Moss and adja- cent colliery. Suddenly Adam Bannister's head was raised alertly, and he ceased munching his chunk of bread and cheese. A footfall had come to him out of the silence, and he was waiting to see who came. He did not stir, and he quietly resumed his meal. Then the footsteps were heard again on the smooth, damp cinder path outside, and some moments later a man's form was framed in the doorway. It was Levi Blackshaw, well attired, sharp of eye, suave-tongued, smooth- faced, and inquisitive as usual. "Good night, my man," Blackshaw cried pleasantly, as he took a step forward. "And so you are the new watchman, are you?" "Ah reckon ah am, mester," was the bearded man's response, and his voice had harsher and harder notes in it than when he addressed Lettice Forrester earlier in the evening. "Ah felt jus' a bit 'cowd' wi' trampin' through th' damp an' weet, an' ah thowt a bit o' a snap an' a drop o' werm tay would liven me up lahke." "I daresay it will, and I am sure I hope so, my man. By the way, I have forgotten your name. Wells told me about you, and I trust you will stay with us longer than the last man did." "My name is Bannister, sir—owd Adam Bannister. Ah s'pose yo'll be th' y'ung Mester, what Mester Wells towd me abeawt?" "That is so, Bannister. My name is Black- shaw. I was just having a stroll round the place before turning into the Hall for rest, and when I saw your cabin-door open it struck me that I might as well drop in and have a word or two with you, Bannister." "Thanky, sir," and the watchman's hand was jerked up to his grizzled beard. "Things do seem to get a bit lonely lahke on th' Moss in th' middle o' th' neet." "Yes, that is so. Orsden Moss is not the liveliest of spots on a night like this. But you will soon got used to it, and you will seldom be left quite alone on the Moss, you know, for there is generally a man on the brow in the engine-room." "So ah reckon. Ah con drop in theer neaw an' again when I want a smook an' a chat." "Of course," Levi remarked, and then, after a momentary pause, he added, "You're a Lancashire man—I can tell from your tongue, Bannister—not an Orsden Greener, I think?" "That's reet, Mester Blackshaw," was the ready response. "Ah were born an' bred up Owdham way, but when ah was a young chap ah coom deawn here, an' ah lived at Hindley an' Ince a goodish bit." "You worked in the pits. I suppose?" "Reet yo are, mester. Ah worked i' th' pits as lad an' mon for o'er forty 'ear; an' when ah geet too owd for that theer soart o' wark ah had to do some'at, you known." "Of course, of course. And is this your first visit to Orsden Green—I mean the first time you have ever stayed here or worked here?" "That's so, mester. Ah'd heer'd abeawt O'sden Green mony o' tahme, but ah connut say that ah were ever here afoor t'other day, when Mester Wells took me on." "You would hear all about the remarkable way in which my uncle, the late Aaron Shel- vocke, died, I daresay?" Blackshaw remarked. "Well, sir, ah did hear some'at. Ah connut read, yo' known, an' what ah did get to know abeaut it was jus' what ah heer'd t'others readin' int' pappers." "Well, it was strange, to say the least; and perhaps stranger still that the former watch- man, whose place you now fill, should have died in a drunken fit the same night." "Neaw, that was strange, " the old watch- man cried with some show of interest, as he finished his meal and proceeded to fill an old clay pipe with cut twist. "But," he added philosophically, as he lit a scrap of paper at the fire and held it above his blackened cutty, "ah s'pose we a' han to gooa when eawr tahme comes." "The last watchman we had," Levi broke in, with a faint smile irradiating his dark face, "went before his time had come. He was an old soldier, too, and one would have thought he was afraid of neither the living nor the dead. But he did not stop many weeks; was afraid of ghosts, so I have heard some of the villagers say, and you got his job. I hope you are not afraid of ghosts, Bannister?" "Ghosts, eh !" the watchman cried, as he puffed noisily at his pipe. "Not me, Mester, I've a lump o' oak in't corner theer as'll shift annythin', ah reckon." Levi laughed aloud as his glance followed the old chap's finger. Then, as he buttoned his overcoat up to the throat, he said— "Well, I'll say good-night to you, Bannister, and finish my stroll. May drop in again some other night, as I often take a turn about the colliery and the Moss. Good night." "Good nert, sir. Shall be gradely fain to sre yo' again anny tahme yo're this way." Blackshaw nodded, drew bavk, and went into the night, closing the door after him; and when the patter of his feet had died away the watchman sprang erect and glided softly, lightly, across the flags with which the small room was paved. Between the corner of the room and the door he paused and bent low, where a small object scintillated in the interstices of the rough flags. That glistening spot had attracted his eyes for the first time some moments before. Then he might not have seen it had not he followed Blackshaw's wandering gaze as it roamed here and there over the place. He tugged at the object with his fingers for a moment or two in vain. It was hard, smooth, of metal, and had been crushed be- tween the flags with some force as if a heavy heel had pressed it home. In an instant he had whipped out his clasp-knife, inserted the strong blade beneath the object, and prized it forth. Then he went back and stood beneath the lamp examining his find. The shining article in his palm was a small disc of gold about the size of a three-penny piece, and evidently a portion of a broken sleevelink. On the upper surface was a small shield, on which were graven ornately the two letters "L. B." On the under surface was soldered a crushed and twisted link of a thin gold chain. It had evidently been snapped from its fellow by force, and a greater force still had wedged the disc between the flags. "L. B." the watchman muttered lowly. "Those are the initials of my visitor. This is a portion of the sleevelink Aaron Shelvocke presented to Levi Blackshaw last Christmas. How came it here? How long has it been wedged in between those flags? Did he lose it here? And was he looking for it when I caught his eye? I will find out." He crossed the floor again, and in a moment had pressed back the disc in its former place. Then turning down the lamp a little he went forth upon his nightly vigil. Passing the narrow flight of steep steps by which the brow was reached, the watchman went along the wagon road beneath the screens. As he passed a half- filled wagon he heard footsteps, saw a man's form loom up in front of him, and again he and his late visitor stood face to face in the semi-darkness of the place. "Good night, Bannister. I'm just return- ing," cried Levi, genially, as before. "By the way, have you a match or a light? I want a smoke, and have forgotten my matchbox somewhere." "My lamp has gone eawt, sir," the watch- man replied; "an' ahm jus' gooin' to th' fire- holes to leet it again. But yo'll get a leet in my cabin, Mester Blackshaw, if yo're gooin' that way. Th' door isn't locked, sir." "Thanks; good night. Am sorry to trouble you further." They went their ways, and an hour later Adam Bannister returned to his den. Slam- ming the door, his eyes glanced along the narrow space of flags. The shining spot was no longer visible. A low laugh fell pleasantly from the watchman's hairy mouth. "Good! good! That is something won already. Mr. Levi Blackshaw has found his property and carried it off. That bit of gold may mean much!" 