NAN NINE. (iWOM OUK CORRESPONDENT.) The new buildings which have recently arisen have vastly improved the appearance of Afannion-Klrect, which a twelve month's old ghost revisit'uigtlic "glimpses of tho nioou would Ir-mlly recognise. Tbe wine awl beer saloon urcctcil by Bond Bros, is a lofty aud commodious building, '.mil its interior fitiiugs would certainly do crcdit to a much larger town thau Naunine. Tho front bar, handsomely fitted up with mirrors, flowers, pictures, aud a " golden haired Hebe behind the bar'' is a revelation calculated to stagger the most crusted drybloiyur from away back. The same enterprising firm arc erecting a shop between the bakery aud the hotel on the tiiue block. Ou tho opposite side of the street, Messrs Median "and Co. have erected a handsome building, which is occupied by Messrs. Lee-Siueru and Co. and tlic W.A.. Bank, and fittingly enshrines tin; dignified representatives of those iustitutious- Messrs. H. B. Williams aud Co. have entirely transformed their p'-emises by the addition of a plate glass front aud a handsome verandah, the appearance of which compares favorably with anything in town. Tlic adjoining premises, recently erected liy- Air. Saiusbury, cannot lie Baid to he au ornament to the town at present, but will doubtless bo improved as time rolls ou. A ball was held in the Miners;' Institute ou Thursday evening last in aid of tbe funds of Unit iuotiUitiou. The help of the ladies of the town had beeu invoked by tiie committee, and the successful manner iu which the dauce was conducted prove that the ladies of Nanniue are capable of giving a lesson in manage ment to Bome of tbe Lords of Creation.' The following are sotno of the dresses:— Airs. Eves, bridal costume of white cashmere and chiffon. Mrs. Carberry, white crepon evening dress with white lace trimmings. Mrs. Patterson, fawn skirt, green and white silk blouse, green s.ish. Mrs, Tyler, black skirt, cream crepon blouse, trimmings of black lace. Mrs. Leitch, pink crepon costume. Mrs. Poole, white silk evening dress, corsage of roses. Mrs. Anker, eau de nil costume, sequim trimmings. Mrs. Perry, black ukirt, grey silk blouse. Mrs. Wright-, black skirt, white blouse. Mrs. Kelly, white lawn, white loses and chiffon. Mrs. AU '.n, black skirt aud green silk blouse. Miss Pinker, blue muslin evening dress Miss Sturmer, wnite musliu, piuk sasl aud ribbons. Miss Barnett, white blouse, green chiffon. Miss Tiernav, white cor.led zephyr, lace hei'thn and roses. Miss Poole, pule green niUt, spray of pink roses. Miss Wilmore, black skirt, pinli silk blouse. Au old Udy of obscure origin, who lived iu Ireland, had two d-.iughters being educated in Paris. SIm <1 sired them lo return, and they pi.-adod for a longer sojourn. " Them girls," she said, " has been so long iu Paris, they begin to think themselves Parasites." These same girls wero warmly d»votad to private theatricals, and often took pari in them. Somebody (old r-hfl old lady that one of her daughters bad engaged herself to a Frenchman, ono of the actors. Whereupon, she exclaimed—"I always said no gnod would coins of those amatery theatricals." Messrs. Fulton, Grimwwdo and Co., Perth, have purchased the whoicsnie stock of Messrs. Dean and Co., anil have now closed f<«- M<\ 15. W. Mayhew's stock iu Fremautle. aud will run the Fremaulle business iu Mr. Mayhew's building, in addition to their new premise? in Murray-street, Perth. Nestle's Swiss Milk—One quality only, the best. Proston and Co., Indent Agents. " K.ANDY KOOLA " Tea for )).jr;ty, strength, and flavour has never be<;n. equalled.—Preston and Co,, Agnnh, Fiepinutle 