ACTORS OF THE PAST. Keau and Macready. Interesting Beminiseoneos. Before, wo come to tho year of the Qiieon's aceos- sion, and tho heyday of Mucrcady's uaroer, lot us glance for a moment at Edmund Konu through the \- eyes of Hazlitt and Leigh Hunt (says " Pall Mall.") With the possible exception of Mrs. Siddons, Haz- < litt rogardod ICcan as the groatcst actor lie had over witnessed. " Nor," ho says, " except in voico and person, and tho conscious ease und dignity naturally resulting from those advantages do we know that oven Mrs. Siddons was greater. In truth of nature and - fnrco of passion, m discrimi nation and originality, wo see 110 inferiority to any one on the part of Mr. ICcan ; hut there is an INSIGNIFICANCE OF FIGUnE and a hoarseness of voice that necessarily vul garise or diminish our idea of the characters lie plays ; and perhaps to this may bo udded a wan t of a certain elevation and magnitude of thought of which Mrs. Siddons' noble form seemed to ho th o only natural mould aud reccptncle." ICcmblc, ac cording to Leigh Hunt, had faded before Kcan like a tragedy ghost. " Kemble's Othello," lie de clared, " was not tlio man, but his mask ; a trophy, a consul's robe, n statuo ; or, if you please, , a rhetorician. It was Addison's Cato or an kctor's Schoolmaster, which you will,' hut neither Shakespeare nor gouuino acting. " _ Kemblo had' never moved him except as . ..Lear. ICcan he never saw " without being moved, and movod, too, in 50 ways— by liis sarcasm, liis sweetness, liis pathos, his exceeding grace, liis gallant levity, his measureless dignity; for Ills little person ABSOLUTELY BECOMES TALL, and rises to tlio height of moral grandeur in Bucli characters as that of Othello. Suuh was the actor with whorr. Macready had to challenge comparison when ho came to London in 1816. Tho criLiesjpuid him the compliment of at leust comparing him with liis- great rival, though seldom to hiB advan tage— in tho expression of domostio tendorncas alone would Leigh Hunt allow that ho was the superior. Tulfourd wns porhnps mbro favourable '.to him than the rest, describing him as being the -."most romantic," us lConible was the " moBt classical," aud Kcan tlio " most intensely human " ;of actors. Some denied his right cvon to the titla of tragedian, contending that ho was successful . only in melodrama ; but this George Henry Lowes a reliablo as well as a brilliant eritie, declares to' be absurd. -, It was in tho first year of tho present reign that Macready, then a man of 44, undortook tho man agership of Covont Garden Theatre.' One of his ;:first acts was to potition THE YOUNG QUEEN for her special patronage, uiul for tho liberty to assume for hisplnyers the title of " Her Majesty's Company of Porfbrmcrs." This is rocordod on lOtlr August. On 23ril. August lie received a gracious' reply, tlius summarised by Macrcady himsclf-i "'1'hu Queen had exprcssod herself much .interested in Covont Garden, stated that sho had groat rcBpoot for Mr. Macrcady and admiration for his. talent, that the precise object of his request re quired consideration, but if it should bo deemed -impracticable to concedo, that sho trusted other means might be found of rendering assistance to his undertaking." In Novembor tlio Queen VISITED THE THEATRE and asked to see Macready after tho performance was over. The qvent is thus recorded :— " I drossod myself in full dress, and went to wuit on lior as she retired. At length tho Quoen— a very protty girl— camo. Lord C'ouynghani told her who I was. She smiled and bowed, and said, .' I am very much obliged to you,' pointed mo out to the Duchess of Kent, and bowed repeatedly to tnc." Thirteen yeurs later Mucready performed .boforo tho Queen under circumstances lass pleasing to himsolf. Tlio occasion was tliut of a production of Julius Cmsar at Windsor Castle undertaken by Charles Kcan, whom he regarded witli but littlo favour. Kcuu was rewarded for his services by tho present of A DIAMOND RING; which ho lost : 'whereupon a wit" gavo out tho re- part that it had boon found sticking iu Mac- ready's gizzard !" Mucready lias painted his own portrait for us, warts and all, in all tlio fascinatiug volumes from which I hove mado these brief quotations— his " Reminiscences, Diaries and Letters," odited by the late Sir Frederick Pollock, ono of liis most inti- mato frionds. It is a striking, mid on tiie whole a pleasing portrait ; mid the warts are "painted ill" so conscientiously and uncompromisingly that one docs not hesitate to accept it as a faithful likeness. In the company of liis fuvourito associates, Dick ons, Forstor, Talfourd, Bulwor Lytton, Lalor Sheil, . as well as in liis family circle, Macready wus kindly,' affectionate, A DELIGHTFUL COMPANION. In liis dealings witli his fellow actors, unfortu nately, ho was less admirable ; with them lie waB nnsynipathetic, irritable, churlish. As apprecia tive as another of the delights of his profession, ho could not endure its discomforts unu drawbacks. He bad taken to it unwillingly, and he chufotl throughout his career at the social disabilities which it involved. "Whenever his foot touched tho boards," as Mr. Archer puts it, in liis admirable biography of the actor, " Ids solf-respcct, liko Bob Acrcs's courugo, began to ouzo out at his fingor tips, and tha great cheek upon his lower nature was removed." Needless to say ho was not popular in liis profession. Once, wlion he was absent from rehearsal oil account of illness, tlio explanation .was given that he had heart discaso. "Whutl" cried an actress (still living) who was standing by, "Macrcady suffering FEOM HEART DISEASE ! You might ns well try to make mo bolicvo that Wultcr Lacy could sutler from brain fever," Macready, like many another actor-manager, was given to taking tlio centra of . tho stage. ".When ho played Othello," says Georgo Vandeu- .hoff, wittily, " lago was to he nowhere Iago was a mere stoker, whoso business it was to supply Othello's nnssion with fuel und keop up liis high pressure. The noxt night, perhaps, lie took logo, and lo ! presto I everything was changed. Othello was to bccomo a mora puppet for Iugo to play with." I am afraid that, curried away by my own interest in his character, I havo allowed him hero to indulgo this propensity once mora, to tho undue oxclusion of tiioso other notablo figures of his timo whoso namos I havo mentioucd. 