A SIIKACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST- BEEN CON QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Workman.) On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to tbe humble home ot Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45, Crown-lane, Ultimo, lie was discovered nursinir a two- vear-old babv. and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and ablo to answer tho knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a. critical illness and a period of pain it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, bo said : — '* You want to know all about my case? Woll. I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of value to those who ate stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christinas I mot with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since tho accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the .malady I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could boar. They were for all the world liko as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, asd was a nuisance to myself and every one els?. I was in cessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my Case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order?' '* No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sinco. Fivo weeks ago I could not walk acrova the floor : in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days wheu I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all ho could, by opium ami morphia pilK to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotorataxia, or Progressive locornotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terized by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told mo that I might last for ten years, and that I wight never get tho use of my legs. (Just then tho patient kicked bia legs about with enenry to show that medical opinion Is not infallible.) Woll, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by the advertise ment describing tho cure' effected in tho case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Auttralian Workman, bv Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. *I read in tbe advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect was an marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed, and was able to move about. I havo taken four boxes of Pink POls during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches theru? They aro perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for rue before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You soo I am rapidly regaining my strength.' *'He is 100 per cent, better.' said Mrs. Jarvis, who bad come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis. 'have a cold bath, aa 1 all the fetiing has come back in my legs. If 1 keep on going the war I am I hope to be able to re*umo work as a boilermaker, and you know I hare to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am hotter to-day than I havo been at any time during tbe pa.it five year-. I ascribe all the change aud !-enc-6t to thc3e Pink Ptlis. They have saved my life. I am in uo pain notv whatever, and feel like a new man. Oa the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave u:c to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everv body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation oat here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms v. hat is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of tbe astonishing cures wrought bv Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial p-iralv.-is, and kpinal disease, also the many disorder* which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexiou, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, Mr. J. S. T. McOowen. leader of the Labour partj in the N.S.W. Assemblv, was seen by our reporter in connection witli the remark able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowon srys he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that be had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months a?o. oxins to a malady which ho developed, lie afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there wasiittlechanccof his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydnoy Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore, UWeo very one elsewhoknewthe facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable frOL. al! leading chemist*, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queeas-place. Sydney, who will forward (poet paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s. 9d., or h dozen for liaTftd. i 