\- CHAPTEKX. ?;'?;? After a little she dragged her self up wearily, and went back -»l:o the drawing-room. The young count brightened . visibly at her ap pearance. Mrs. Castlemaine told her that she had stayed out too. long in the night air and dew, 'You look so cold and as white as^the moonlight,' she said. ' Laurel made her some careless answer and sat down. Count Iiem priere engaged in conversation. He was de]Lighted to find someone who could converse fairly in his native tongue, and he never wearied of gazing on her rare type of beauty, and the tasteful dress that appealed so forcibly ta his artistic eye. ?Herbert and his fair' guest came in almost an hour later. Laurel did not look up at their entrance, though she felt . her cheeks growing hot with the bitter thought'that was in her mind. ' Did Herbert Castlemaine suspect that she cared for him ? Had he fathomed the secret of her heart before she really understood it her self 'Was that the secret of his coldness,his almost harshness to her? ?- ?? ?? . ...:.-? '..-.vc. . - ????' ' The hot 'color flashed into her sensitive face. She tried not to hear his clear, firm voice as he talked to Mrs. Merivale. To drown those tones she ? was obliged' to listen attentively to ? the count and to talk more herself. She roused- herself to vivacity., She would be gay. No one should guess how her heart was beating. She succeeded so well in her efforts that the Frenchmn waas delighted. He thought that he had at last began to make an impression on the lovely girl, and Laurel, never glancing towards the others, did hot know with what a frowning brow their host watched their apparent coque tries. ' : ?'???.- .',- But the interminable evening was over at last. ? Laurel could never have told how she got through it; but now they had all gone to their rooms, and she stood before, the long glittering mirror in her dress ing room gazing with sad eyes and trembling lips at the face reflected there as at a new creature — a girl who for three months had - been living a- strange, ' unconscious love dream, and who had first found out that she had a heart by its bitter aching. Self-scorn and self-pity struggled together in her heart. She felt with a great throb of bitter shame! that she had given her love un sought, Unvalued, and to another woman's lover. v 8 Yesterday she had been reading in a book in the library some.pretty verses written over just such a mad and foolish love aa this of hers. A fancy seized her 'to read thenr again, in the light of - this new revelation that had flashed upo:i her heart. ' I will slip down to the library and fetch the book,' she said, glid-: ing out into the hall and down the broad staircase shrinkingly like a, ghost. .?''??????' The library was deserted, but the shaded reading-lamp still burned over the. centre- table, with its litter of books and magazines. ? 'He has been here, ' ! she murmured, softly, noting the faint fragrance of cigar smoke that per vaded the air. ? ' She sat- down on the great cushioned reading chair, and then she saw another token of his pre sence — a knot' of golden pansies he had worn in his button-hole that evening, and which now lay care lessly oh the floor at her feet. '?' She would never have guessed that he had thrown them there in passionate disdain because Maud Merivale's hand had pinned them on his breast. -;- ' Laurel' picked lip the poor, dying flowers and held them tenderly. ' You have' been near the rose,' she murmured, and pressed them to her lips in sudden, passionate love and sorrow. ' She could not help it. They spoke to her so plainly of the proud man who ' had won her heart all unwittingly. They made her think of the princely form, the dark, luring, splendid face, the proud, cynical, dark eyes, the curling- ]ips like- that x-nce--or: twice only ahe had seen? curved ints-a 'beautiful emile^ subtly sweet and dangerous. She held the flowers, kissed them' again and again, then threw them far-away from herin a sudden revo lution of feeling bordering or* supreme self-contemgt. ' Ah ! if I could throw my hope-', less passion from me was lightly,' she sighed. r She found the book she wished, and, tempted by the deep silence and quiet of the room, decided to remain awhile. With herfair head resting on her arm she began to read aloud softly, after an old habit of hers. Suddemly a sweet, chilly breath of night air blew over her. She looked up and saw Herbert Castle maine parting the heavy curtains of silk and lace at the bay window, behind which he had been quietly sitting smoking a cigar. Bewildered, startled, Laurel threw down her book and sprang up in ignominious flight. The master of Eden coolly caught her hands and forced her back into her seat.. 'Why need you always fly from me as though I were an ogre ?' he said, plaintively, ' I shall not eat you child, tempted as I might be to do so.' ' I-— I thought myself alone,' she stammered, crimsoning under his mocking raillery. -. . ' There is no harm done,' he answered, drawing up a chair in front of .her, gazing at her, 'with the same slow, sweet smile he had worn when he bade her return to his mother and the count that evening. , ' I was smoking at the window when you first came in, and I, thought at first I would be still and not disturb you, thinking you would go in a moment. But yo.u stayed, and I changed my mind.' , Fancying some covert .meaning in/ his .words, she answered quickly-- ' ''But it is late, and indeed I must be going upstairs now.' Herbert glanced at his watch. ' JNo, it is not late— at least not midnight. Surely you can- spare me a few minutes, Miss Gordon. I wish very much to speak to you,' he saidV almost gravely. ' I cannot imagine what you have to say to me,' she . began tremulously. ?'.-,. .???./. ? ''.; ?. 'Can you, not ?' laughing. r- 'WelL -suppose I have a.. mind to lecture you on your frivolity, Miss Gordon ? Do you know, I never dreamed what . an egregious flirt you were until I saw you. bringing the whole battery of your charms to bear on that fas cinating Frenchman this . evening. Why have yon never condescended tome likewise ?? ' 1 deny the imputation. I am no.t a flirt,' she answered indig nantly. 'Then' you were in earnest — worse still 1' he said, in that light, mocking tone, with his piercing eyes on her bnming face. ' Beatrice pardon, Miss Gordon — what would Cyril Wentworth say to that ?' 'Nothing! It is no concern of his,' she flashed out, passionately, uneonscious of the sudden joy that flashed- into his eyes. ' Do you mean that you have broken with Wentworth?' he ex claimed. 'Yes,' she answered, coldly. ' 'Do you mean that youlove him no longer — that it was a mere child fancy that absence has cured?' he askedher anxiously. ? She gave him a swift, half -angry glance from her dark eyes. ' I do not know why you should presume td question me so,' she said, with a little flash of pride ; but I-will answer you, Mr. Castle maine. Yes, it was a mere childish fancy, and I am effectually cured of it; I know now that I never loved Cyril Wentworth in my life,' He bowed his head in graceful acknowledgment. ' 'Your frankness emboldens me to ask another confidence,' he said, ^Miss Gordon, tell me the story Mrs. Merivale poured into your sympathetic ear this evening ?' She drew back, indignant and amazed. ? . . ' 'Would you ask me to betray a woman's sacred confidence?' she cried. ': ? .. ? 05e laughed aloud — harshly, sneeririgly. ? 'Do you call that confidence whichis poured into every strangers ear's? ? That- figment ' of Maud M'erival's crafty brain?'. he cried. 'Tell me the petty fiction she gave you; Miss Gordon, and then you shall hear my side of the story.' , ' If you wish me to congratulate you, Mr. Castlemaine, I wiE do so'without waiting to. hear more,' she ?? said, desperately, eager to escape this painful interview. He caught her hand as she half arose, and gently forced her back to her seat.- ' 'Do not leave me yet,' he said 'Pshaw! I know her pitiful, stereo typed' story ! We were lovers once, and: her parents ? parted us and sold her to an old man because he was richer than I ! Is not that the amount of the pretty idyle,Miss Gordon?' . ? , : ?-, '? Yes,' she answered, wonderingly 'I thought so--Ihave heard it of ten' before. Now hear my side of the; story, child. We were lovers in our young , day s-4that is true. You would not believe that Maud is thirty, would you, Miss Gordon? My -mother thought me too young to marry then, and. besides, she did not wholly approve, of my choice. The end justified her. We . post poned the consummation of our bliss until I should come of age. Maud, grew impatient. Old Mal colm Merivale met her, and — par- don the wretched sla^g, Miss Gor don — she 'went for him ''and, dis-: ?rardedme ! To-night;3!!'hBieaiind, after a moment's pause, ' she threw prudence and deKcacyta'the 'winds, begging me toiorgrve-herand take her back to- my heart — swore that ahe had never ceased to love me. Can you guess *what answer I made her?' ; ' No;' she faltered, tbjrillmgwith interest. To be Continued. 