LITEIIATUEE. I BOOKS UP TO DATE. IBSEN'S NEW PLAY. Ttfe majority of Ibsen's plays have had, so far, a note of hope, of youth. In them. The closing of the door on Nora Helmer Is not final. "The Enemy of the People ' rings with the promise of a fuller, richer life for those who "do not fear to stand alone." Consul Bernlck, in the "Pil lars of Society,' takes leave of us "with the dawn of a new courage in his eyes, and with thews and sinews set for a long, earnest day of work, brightened by. nobler ideals than have hitherto inspired him. And, as Allmcrs waves a farewell to us from the pages of "Little Eyolf," he cries, "Upwards — towards the peaks. To wards the stars. And towards the great Bilence." But we find no ray of sunshine in "John. Ga briel Bnrkman," It is, as that keen critic, Mr. A, B. Walkley, styles it, "a tragedy of the Irretrievable, of wasted lives, of fate ironically mocking at mortal hopes." It tells how crabbed age and youth cannot live to gether; how (In another sense than Mollere's) "les anclens sont les anciens et nous somroos les gens d'aujourd 'ftui," how the dead must be left to bury their dead. "Our. brave Ibsen is old- old," Is the thought that grows sadly upon us as we turn the pages. Long he lived nameless; how should spring take note Winter would follow/ Till, lo, the little touch, and youth was gone!. Cramped and diminished. Moaned he, "New measures, other feet anonl My dance is finished!" The peaks are cloud-capped, the stars hidden. In Ibsen's latest drama we have reached the valley of the shadow. The three principal characters in "John Ga briel Eorkman" are old. The one young creature,' Borkman's son, Erhart, in whom the hopes of the trio are severally centred 'according to their different temperaments, refuses absolutely to be bound by any elderly ideals. Full of the joy of life, and devoted to a worldly young widow of adventurous instincts, "I must have happiness," t... n.fAB mUlt rliiflanf nnHlla n AA ' "T flTT) VOIIIl?! I want to live, live, live!" "Stay!" implores his lather, once a merchant prince, who, in a moment of weakness and the throes of some gigantic enterprise, had appropriated the funds of a bank of which he was managing director, and gone under for a season. "Stay, Erhart, and join with me. We two will go forth into life again and work together." "Stay," commands his mother, a cold, self-righteous Pharisee, who has put her husband out of her life, since his sin, as one dead. "Stay! and redeem the name, honor, and fortune of the Borkman's, shattered by a John Gabriel." "Stay," tenderly beseeches the gentle maiden aunt, Ella Reutheim, "and be the son to my fading life you were when the crash came, and I took you to my home and loved and watched over you." But Erhart turns from them all, and goes out into the night with Mrs. Wil ton, who has already made her plans and provid ed for unforeseen contingencies. "Mrs. Wilton," says Mrs. Borkman. with a malignant smile, "do you think you're acting quite wisely in taking that girl with you?" To which Mrs. Wilton re plies in the same strain, "Men are so unstable, Mrs. Borkman. And women, too. When Erhart has done with me — and I with him — then it will bo well for us both that he, poor fellow, should have some one to fall back upon." Yet neither Mrs. Borkman nor Mrs. Wilton are wholly bad. Ibsen's tendencies are not melodramatic. John r?nf.i.tQi sfmcir !« ns far removed from the deep- dyed villain, the beloved, yet execrated, of pit and gallery, as It la possible to be. He Is a dreamer, an artist In finance. But for the treachery of a friend, his grand coup would have left the bank shareholders richer Instead of poorer. The crime, In Ibsen's as in Ella's eyes— for with the sweet nature of this one of his women characters the writer is evidently In com plete sympathy— is that he has bartered his bet ter nature for the directorship. He has sold the best of gifts— true love— for worldly advance ment. And now, when she is slowly dying, Ella, In a fow powerful passages of a wholly powerful scene, tells him so: — x Ell (approaching him): "You are a murderer! You have committed the one mortal sin!" Borkman (falling back towards the piano): "You are raving, Ella!" Ella: "You have killed the lore- life In me." (Still nearlng him.) "Do. you understand what that means? The Bible speaks of a mysterious sin for which there Is no roregiveness. I have never understood what It could be, but now I understand. The great unpardonable sin Is to murder the love-life In a human soul." Borkman: "And you say I have done that?" Ella: "You have done that. I have never rightly understood, until this evening, what had really happened to me. That you deserted me and turned to Gunhild Instead. I took that to be mere common fickleness on your part, and the result of heartless scheming on hers. I al most think I despised you n little, In spile of everything. But now I see it. You deserted Ute woman you loved! Me! me! What you held dearest In the world you were ready to barter away for.galn. That Is the double murder you have committed! The murder of your own soul and of mine." "John Gabriel Borkman" Is a cry of fate. The younger generation is no longer respectfully I "knocking at the door" of the "Master Builder's" edifice. It is well within the citadel, dancing on world-weary heart-strings, whooping joyously through coridors of sacred dust, malting havoc among antiquated household gods. There Is no place in the world for a decayed monument of splendid dreams. Apd the shadows of evening are already falling over the two women who clasp hands wearily over John Gabriel Borkman's grave. A copy of the play reaches us through Angus and Robertson. Martin Frltchard's much-talked-of novel, "Without Sin" (Helnemann), owes its popularity, we' conclude, to the apparent originality of the central Idea. A young and beautiful Jewish girl, the wealthy heiress of a great London Hebrew dealer in works or art, tails a victim to tne sen suality of an artist, who is painting her aa the Virgin Mary, she herself being at the time of her lunocent and unconscious fall In a swoon or trance. The conviction that she Is to be the Vir gin Mother of the new Messiah has grown up with her almost from Infancy, and is fostered by the fact that she bears a singular resemblance to tho painted imago of a beautiful Madonna hang ing In her father's art gallery. Thus, finding herself enceinte, In her state of curious nervous tension, she implicitly believes that her dream Is about to be realised. She lives, until the child is born, In a spiritual ecstasy. Her surroundings are of purest white; her heart, soul, and mind are kept prayerfully purged from the lightest thought that might sully the majesty of her great maternal duty: and her world— a rich and fashionable one — howls, weeps, or spits venom as the fancy takes It. How. she Is disillusioned, and tho action she takes in consequence, we leave our readers to discover from Martin Frltchard's (Mrs. Augustus Moore) pages. Apropos of the plot, original as It may appear In fiction, wo have a dim recollection of a genuine instance of the "Virgin-Mother" hallucination, mentioned either by Frofressor Lombroso or his devoted admirer, Max Nordau. We have received from the Sydney Book Club threo additions to Bell's Colonial Library. "Tho Way of Marriage," by Violet Hunt; "Marin LUta," by Kato Douglas Wlggln; and "Devil's Dice." by William Le Queux. Violet Hunt's book, of which the Illustrations by S. H. Vedder, form an Insignificant feature, contains a collec tion of short stories. Mrs. Ferdinand Munday, tho "Hard Woman," one of this writer's best- remembered and most successful creations, Is at the bottom of It all. She crops up again here, as pretty, as brilliant, as shallow, and as pertly talkative as ever. Gossiping in a crowded assem bly over the Ill- assorted married couples around her, and the delightfully diverse methods of llielr coming together, "Tell their stories," she laughs, "put their courtships all In a book; I'll help you. It's very nice of me, for I can't forget yon had the audacity to put me In a novel once." Whether Mrs. Ferdinand Munday kept her word Is not recorded. It was not one of her little habits when she sparkled, and rattled, and in trigued across our field of vision In tho old days. She cannot have set her seal to the "unpublished episode" concerning her exquisitely got-up self, anyhow, especially as It Is not the best in the book. Some of these brilliant society suap-shots have appeared before In magazines, and it is In such light trifling that Violet Hunt excels. She doesn't spare her own sex, but she is not mali cious. Her literary touch Is of the quality of her heroines— sharp, clear-cut, dusbiug, and de bonair. No creator contrast could exist than that be- tween Violet Hunt and Kate Douglas Wlggln. One brings with her the scent of patchouli-laden drawing-rooms; the other the breath of mea dows, aud the healthy fragrance of hawthorn hedges. In "Marm Liza," however, Kate Wlg gln transfers her garden-ground to tho heart of a 'populous city, and takes for heroine a half witted child, gradually opening to the touch of tenderness and wisdom like a flower In the sun shine. It Is a pathetic little story of self- denial and patient labor, with humorous touches to brighten, and human sympathy to give it breadth and force. The third "Bell's," "Devil's Dice," is full of excitement and adventure. That the situ ations are mostly impossible matters little. Mr. Lo Queux has the happy knack of holding us to the last page, In the face of contradictions and inconsistencies that would make a mathemati cian's balr stand on end. George Robertson and Co. forward a parcel of books in Macmillan's Colonial Library serle3. Balzac's "Beatrix," Rolf Boldrewood's "Sealskin Cloak;" and "The Unjust Steward," by Mrs. Oli- phnnt, have already received attention. Dau- det's "Robert Helmont, or the Diary of a Re cluse," , charmingly illustrated by Picard aud Montegut, was first published by Dentu In the "Musee Universal" of 1893. It met with little success. "No story," "Only a succession of land scapes," complained the public. Later, it ap peared at the end of the second volume of "Jack," where it finds Its proper place, as it describes scenes round about the forest of Senart, where Daudet first met one of his best-loved heroes. Nov. It again tempts fortune as a separate work. "For Freedom's Sake," by Arthur Petersen, Is an exceedingly well-told story, of which the cen tral figure is John Brown, the Abolitionist hero of Kansas. Two other very readable novels In the same popular series are "The Inn by the Shore," by Florence Warden, and "Ravenstone," by Christabel Colridge and Helen Shlpton. The editor of the "Academy" has been asking "representative people" the titles of the two books which had most pleased and interested tliom In 1S96. Mr. Crockett declared for "Senti mental Tommy" and "Margaret Ogilvy"; Mr. John Burns Tor "A Child of the Jago" and "Lite and Labor of the People of London." Max Beer- bohmu, taking high ground and ignoring the ef forts of a few short centuries, voted for "Shake speare and the Bible." Mrs. Purcell's "Life of Cardmal Manning," Harold Frederic's "Illumi nation," "The Life of Archbishop Magee," and Mr.- Kipling's "Seven Seas," had a large number of votes, as also had Stevenson's "Weir of Her- miston," and Conan Doyle's "Rodney Stone." Miss Janet Achurch gave "A Sturdy Beggar" and "Lady Bramber's Ghost," by Charles Charring- ton. "John Gabriel BnrUninn." A Play in four art-). Uy llenril: Ibsen. Tiniiahiteil from lists .Norwegian Uy Wil liam Aroliar. (London I U'lUlaiu Hslutmanu.) 