TUNNEL UNDER THE THAMES. Few people outside the metropolis, and not many people Londoners, know that deep down beneath the bed of the Thames, for more'than two years past, a little army of men has been busy, week after week, month after month, day and night, driving east and west the twin tunnels that are destined ulti mately to connect Waterloo with the City. The outward and visible sign of this gigantic undertaking is the immense wooden staging which rears its contort ed form above the muddy waters of the river just north of Biackfriars Bridge ; and thither, one morning, recently, the writer wended his way, armed with the necessary permit to view the works. Tliere is one way, and one way only, to get to the tunnels, and that is by climb ing" down an apparently endless series of ladders, aifixed against the inside of a sort of gigantic drain-pipe—technic ally termed a cofferdam—which lias been sunk through the Thames mud, beneath-the river-bed, deep down into the-gl’easy, blue clay upon which Lon don stands. It is an eerie feeling. The round blotch of blue sky above grows smaller and smaller as I descend. The darkness becomes more and more pro [ found. At first the listening ear catches perforce the swish, swish, swish, of the river, plashing sullenly round the out side of the big, cast-irem tube. Then silence. Then, after a long Interval, the sound of voices comes Heating up from the bottom of the well, mingled with the clanging of iron against iron, and the muffled throbbing of a pair of gigantic pumps. Presently I. reach the foot of the shaft, and, after donning a suit of workman’s clothes, plunge into one of the yawning CAVERNS THAT BRANCH: OFF in either direction. It is not an alto gether pleasant experience. At inter vals a bulb lamp throws a ghastly splotch of white against the grey con crete walls, and makes a feeble at tempt to penetrate a few feet into the surrounding gloom. Elsewhere it is darkness—darkness that may almost be felt. It is quite -dry, however; for the tunnel along which I am slowly making my way is in reality nothing more than a gigantic drain-pipe laid east and west beneath the bed of the river. Only it is ah empty pipe, into which no water from the outside is allowed to perco late. I light a cigarette, and am beginning to feel quite comfortable, when all of a sudden the two tiny steel rails that run along the centre of the floor of the tunnel begin to quiver and hum; a red light, like unto a monster eye, appears suddenly in the near distance, and the next instant I am jerked sharply back against the wall, and a whisper—which is really a shout, strangled at its birth by the approaching roar of the locomo tive—bids me make myself as small as possible. Needless to say, I obey my guide with alacrity, and a moment later a perky-looking little engine dashes past, trailing behind it a long row of “skips’” filled with- freshly excavated clay. It is worked by electric power with an overhead wire, the steel rails upon which the engine runs completing the circuit, and there is much splutter ing of blue and red sparks under the wheels as it disappears in the direction of the shaft. Twenty minutes’ sharp walking, and we find our further progress barred by a solid mass of masonry—more than 7ft thic!c_ruy guide, tells me—in tlie centre of which is A CIRCULAR STEEL DOOR. This is an air-lock, and through it we must pass if we desire to continue our explorations; all work on the other side being performed under compressed air. ■While we are waiting the arrival of the lock-keeper, my guide explains briefly the system under which this compressed air is employed to prevent the water bursting in. It is all very beautiful and simple—in theory. The engineers know, or are supposed to know, how many million cubic feet of Water and water bearing strata are above their tunnel; and, to counteract the downward pres sure of the superincumbent mass, they pump into that portion of the works situated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain extra quantity of air. The difficulty is. of course, to know just when to stop. If you pump in too little the resultant pressure is insuf ficient, and the water comes in; too much, and you are liable to blow up the bed of the river. It is not exactly a nic-e sensation—that of going through an air-lock for the first time. If we could conceive of a man, living all his life on the top of Mount Blanc, suddenly transported to sea-. ! level, it is probable he would suffer | much as I did. As soon as I was seated | In the empty lock—which ,by the way, | is much like the interior of a big, empty , boiler—and the | AIR BEGAN TO RUSH IN, a series of extraordinary and exceed ingly painful sensations promptly made themselves manifest. The drums of my ears were forced in until it seemed as if they must burst; and my entire body felt as if swathed in' some gigantic, close-fitting and yet invisible shroud, which was being drawn tighter and tighter by a giant’s grip until the blood almost ceased-to circulate. But, worst of all, was a horrible sense of impend ing suffocation, due to the lungs being unable all at once to accommodate, themselves to their new environment. I was just about to cry out that I could hear it no longer, when the rush of the incoming air-blast grew perceptibly less, and finally ceased altogether, -the door opposite to that by which we en tered was swung, open, and we were in the tunnel again, walking about under an air-pressure of 301b to the square A few moments sufficed to take us to the tunnel head, where dozens of half naked, brawny giants are delving away into the unknown. There is no iron pipe above our heads now. Nothing but a thin layer of ciay and mud, and the sullen waters of the Thames, kept from overwhelming us only by that mysteri ous, invisible, and yet fearfully potent air-pressure. By this time, however, I suffer no inconvenience. The compress ed air has penetrated to every part of my system, the pressure within and without the body is equal, and I feel practically the same.as before I passed through the lock. I There is a diffei'ence, howevc-r, and my guide convinces me of it by a curi ous little experiment worked by myself. He bids me whistle, and when I obedi ently make the attempt, I find that I can only succeed in producing a slight, hissing sound, the very ghost of a whis tle, as it were. Evidently my lungs were not used to expelling air under double pressure.. Lucidly, no small boys are' employed in this part of the tunnel, or what would become of them under this restraint-it is difficult to conceive. Another curious fact! The men find it practically impossible to boil water, the boiling point being -12'1F., or precisely double what it is outside. A few drops heated to this pitch would burn one like vitriol. 1 • The passage back-through the air-lock Is accomplished without any untoward | incident, and twenty minutes later I am sitting in the private office of the en- \ gincer of the works, jotting clown a few statistics. The first pile of the “coffer dam” was, it appears, driven on 20th i June, 1S94, and execfvating began in No vember following. The tunnels are 12ft Bin in diameter, and are constructed on | what is known as the tubular system, i.e., each tunnel is practically one im mense pipe of wrought iron, bolted to gether in segments, and lined through out with cement. The total length of the line from Waterloo to the Mansion House will be a mile and a half, and theme will be no intermediate stations, and, of course, no stoppages en route.— “London Daily Mail.” 