THE USEFUL DUCK. 'A. strange story is told by a well-known tourist, whose personal character is sufficient guarantee for its veracity. * It appears that whilst he was riding on a bicycle one day through a small hamlet, a duck flattered ud from beneath his wheel. to fall apparently dead by the roadside. Its indignant owner, rushing out from a way side cottage, stopped the cyclist, aud gave him no peace until he had paid the estim ated value of the duck's life. The cyclist having settled the affair to the satisfaction of the bereaved duck fancier, rode on his way, giving no further thought to the matter, till some time after, again having occasion to pass the same spot, he was surprised when the accident again occurred in precisely the simo manner, the second victim of his carelessness bearing a strange family likeness to the duck that he had previously killed. Again the owner rushed forth and mulcted him in damages. His suspicions being aroused by this coin cidence — almost as strange as that experi enced by the elder Mr. Weller on the occasion of his conveying voters to the poll and upsetting them into the river — be stealthily, concealed himself behind an ad jacent hedge, which commanded: a view of the scene of slaughter. Presently, he saw what might have been the ghost of his victim stroll casually across the road. At the same time he heard the warning tickle of a cyclist's bell sounding in the distance. This was shortly after wards followed by the epprarance of an unsuspecting rider. Beneath his wheel che duck fluttered for a moment-, and then lay si.iffaiid stark by the side of the road. As the irate owner again rushed forth to claim damages, his intention was at onco buulked by tho lurking tourist, who, step ping forth from his hiding-place and pkk ing up. the yet warm b.sdy of tho duck, puffed a volume of tobacco smoke into it* uoa'.rilfj . a restorative treatment that was immediately followed by an indignant and very lively struggle on the part of the in genious bird. Inquiries subsequently made in the neighborhood revealed th'e fact that the duck itself had been the originator of .ha tiick, which the owner obs6rvinp, and .enhancing' the effect by a little training, had boon made the msacs of an extensive system of roadside piracy and blackmailing. In fact, as far as tin '? raconteur' of this interesting anecdote is aware, the deck is still pursuing its nefarious avecation to this day. — The Complete Cyclist. 