AMUSEMENTS, — » Trvoti Vabiett Compaitt. — A large and appreciative audience assembled at the Town-haL on Dec. 30 to witness the performance of the Tivoli Variety Company. The b-li waa an attractive one, and fall of good things. In the first part tbe fun was in the capable hands of Messrs. .Tames Wilkinson and Copeland, assisted by tbe song and dance artists, the Misses Howard, and the Cstnbry Sisters. Mr. Tom Queen wa6 the 'recipient of a double encore for bis dancing in his number 'My Angeline.' As a clever and finished performer in this line, he has few equals in tbe colonies. In the second part Mr. John Tudor and Miss Nellie Finley were well received, and created uproarious laughter in their clever Bketchee. The triple horizontal bar act of Mr. Martini, introducing the backward and for ward double somersaults, is a re markably clever performance, and thisartiBt is repeatedly recalled. He is ably assisted by Baratti, a young performer of promise. The other performers were accorded a good reception, and the entertainment concluded with the laughable farce entitled ' Mike's Misfortunes.' If we may judge from the large attenciiJice the recactxon in prices has beea a move 5n tbe right direction. Tee ' Ot.de Enolishe F^tkb.' — A new programme was pre sented to the patrons of this popular place of amusement on Dec 30 The bill fairly bristled wit h haniorous items, and these caused very hearty laughter, the result being that frequent demands for encores extended a big programme to an inordinate length. Messrs. R. Bell, Stowe, Mooney, and Kelly were all splendidly received, and Miss Priscilla Verne and the Andersen Sisters were specially favored in their amusing and clever sketch, ' My GaL' Tbe aerial performance of Ouda was much enjoyed, and the Odan Sister*, in their acts on the doable and single trapeze, showed themselves capable performers. ' Professor Segcy 8 weight-lifting feats and Signor Valazie and. his baboon are special features, and are deservedly popular. The entertainment ccn nlncJpd with one of Mr. Moonev's lauglix-I? farces. The work done by tl.' '-ihestra, under the direc tion --?' Mr. James Stewart, was valuable throughout. Cekmobkb. — The warm weather experienced Dec. 30 resulted in a large audience assembling at Mrs. Oliver's cool and charming resort. The performance b^ iTr. 'K~i'g Hedley's Orchestra arJ Concert Company was generally enjoyed. Mies Sagel was, as usual, heartily encored for her songs and Mr. Albert Wfcelan, in his e'ever per formance of mimicry, was splen didly received. Peopessok Davib'b Enteetaik biekt. — An audience that well filled St. George's Hall on Dec. 30, witnessed Pro fessor Davis's clever entertain ment with a great deal of pleasure. . Professor Davis is as sisted by Madame Stella Davis and Madame Isabel Stuart, and, besides being a very neat illusionist, is a capable mimic and ventriloquist. The greatest interest was mani fested in Madame Davis's thought reading performance, and, later on, in the professor's great spook act, in which the three spooks — Geordie, Cissy, and Josephine — are pro duced. Apart from the dexterous manner in which the profeesor es capes from his captivity, the pro duction of the epocks is a feat of ' modern ghost-raising ' that is remarkably realistic. 