CTCMHG, Cycling Notes. Just before the departure of the lost English mail, at the Crystal Palace track, J. Platt-Betts lowered T. J. Gascoyne's unplaced mile record of 2 minutes 7 seconds by a fifth of a second. The Chesterfield rider, it may 'be remembered, made his record when he beat Balden at the Catford May Meeting. Betts's times, as taken by Mr. Pembroke Coleman, N.C.U., were as follow :— Quarter, 32 3-5th seconds ; half, 1 minute 2 1 -5th seconds ; three-quarters, 1 minute 33 3-5th seconds ; one mile, 2 minutes 6 4-5th seconds. Messrs. Cameron and New have been appointed to represent the Cyclists* Union at Brisbane on the 31st July and 7th August. Two more places are required to be filled, and a test match will take place, the competitors being Sargent, Hamilton, A. J . Long nrair, Bablinski, and Bell, and the date to-day (Saturday). Our Newcastle correspondent writes : — ' A very Buccessful road race was run off by the Newcastle branch of the league on Saturday last. The courae chosen was from the Catholic Church, Hamilton, to Hexham and back, about 16 miles, and the prizes were— First, a pair of Dunlop tires, presented by tiie Pneumatic Tire Company ; second, third, and fastest time were for trophies presented by residents of Newcastle. The result was as follows :— A. W. Derkemrie, 10 minutes start, actual time 58 miuutes 20 seconds, 1 ; A. Roberts, 4 minuleB start, actual time 53 ipinvites 35 seconds, 2 ; J. Rennie, 1 miaute 30 seconds start, actual time 51 minutes 43 seconds, 8 ; G. A. Campbell, 2 minutes start, actual time 62 minutes 35 seconds, 4, The following also started : — J. Campbell, G. M. Oowie, ,T. Hawkins, 5 miuutes : H. Fisher, L. Welford, 7 minutes 30 se conds * P. JPetereon, F. Greenwood, 10 minutes ; J. Bradbury, scratch ; and C. Lynch. 5 seconds, did not start, as they thought they had no chance with Buch long limits. Derkennie was never caught, and won easily by 55 seconds. J. Rennie and G. A. Campbell had a good go for third, which resulted in favour of Rennie by about 20 yards, and he also secured the fastest time This is the first time Derkemne has started in a race, having only joined the League abont four months ago, and from his performance he i6 likely to be heard of again in the near future. The branch has been strengthened by the addition of Mr. A. F. Chapman, who lias been appointed manager of Ben net and' Wood's branch depot here. This will be a great assistance, as he is a good man in club matters as well as racing. The third monthly social of the branch takes place on July 22, in the New Masonic Hall. This should be a great turnout, and the com mittee are working very hard to make it a success. Training matters are very lively just at present. Amongst those to be seen on the track every afternoon are A. F. Chapman, J. Bradbury, G. A. Campbell, C. Lynch, J. Rennie. and J. Hawkins. Most of them are training for the league's August meeting, and Newcastle should be ?well represented there, Newcastle people are very much pleased to see that the league is going to run a big meeting in November with a big .£300 race. They think it is time that Sydney tried to hold their -own with Mel bourne.' A 50 -miles road race will.. take place over th3 Farramatta to Windsor and Penrith and back route on the 24th instant. The race will be handicapped on best and best machines } pacing on single machines only being allowed. Entries will close to-day (Satur day). Kerr made his first appearance in England on Saturday, the 23rd May, ou the Catford track at the Hospital Saturday sports, but there were only about 1000 persons present. Kerr made his debut in the Five Miles Scratch Kace ; but the majority of the English cycling papers are of opinion that he has not had time to develop his speed. The race was run in heats ; but Kerr did not qualify for the final, which ?was won in 13 minutes 13 seconds. The previous day the best quarter-mile Ken1 did while training was 31 seconds. Goodson was out the same afternoon, it being his first ride ou the track, and he did the quar ter in 33 seconds in his ordinary clothes. The cycling papers seem to have a good opinion of Goodson, and style him the champion of Australia, and expect great things from him. The ' Wheeler ' says : ' There was a decided colonial air about our Lon don office on the day after B. Goodson's arrival, wlien the Queenslander and W. L. Ken, of Sydney, met .for the first time since the greatest matches in the latter town last November. The interchange of sympathetic cycling views between the pair did the heart of an enthusiast good to hear, and another traveller awheel and asea — one Ii. £. Jefferson— dropping in at the time the quad was completed.' The Redfern Bicycle Club's Open Road Race was held on Saturday over a course from Crow's Nest, jNorth Sydney, to Beecrof t, a distance of about 15 miles. An immense crowd assembled outside Singleton's Union Hotel to witness the start, which was made punctually to time, viz., 3.30 p.m. The first prize was £10, open order, presented by Mr. G. Sargent, of Beecrof t ; second, £4, presented by the residents of Beecroffc ; third, £2 ; and a prize £2, open order, for the rider doing the fastest tiaie. Out of 50. entries 42 started. The day was gloriously fine and warm, but daring the afternoon a strong breeze raised clouds of dust, which somewhat troubled the riders and was very unpleasant. The roads were not in places in the best condition, and this coupled with the dust rendered the course a trying one. The majority of the competitors were paced for the greater portion of the journey, and to this fact can be attributed the good time in which the distance was accomplished. Approaching the finishing point, which was ou the heights of Beecrof t, the full force of the wind was felt ; nevertheless, the finish was a great one, and Was warmly applauded. The race resulted as follows : — G. C. Stuart (5 minutes 30 seconds), 54 minutes 10 ecponds, 1; H. E. Preston {i minutes 40 seconds), 55 'minutes 5 seconds, 2 ; J. P. Hayes (ecratch), 55 minutes 41 seconds, 3. Stuart, pedalling strongly, won la capital race by 55 seconds, 36 seconds dividing second and third. J. P. Hares secure the prize for fastest time, having accom plished the journey in 45 minutes 41 seconds from Bcratch. Within the nest six minutes over a dozen riders finished, the times being : — F. G. Cleeve (2 minutes 30 seeondB), 55 minutes 56 seconds ; J. L. Shine (6 minutes 15 seconds}, 56 minutes 21. seconds; J. F. Babljnski (2 minutes 50 seconds), 56 minutes S3 seconds ; A. R. Thompson (6 minutes), 56 minutes 52 seconds; A.Stuart (4 minutes SO-seconds), 58 minutes 20 seconds ; A. Pontey (1 minute 10 seconds), and J. Hayes (20 seconds), together 5S minutes 44 seconds ? A. E. Kane (2 minutes 30 seconds), 59 minutes 21 seconds jj. Cameron (scratch), 59 minutes 30 seconds; and M. Kerr (3 minutes), 59. minutes 64 seconds. Then cime in close orderE. Salisbury, A. Boycl, G. W. Pulfarfl, and W. H- Cameron. Not a single accident occurred to mar the pro ceedings, which were carried out in a most successful manner. The officials for -the day were ~— Judge : P. W. C. Crane : Starters : Messrs. Sidney J. Wyatt, und G. A. Richardson ; timekeepers, Messrs. W. T. Ken, S. J. Wyatt, and A- G- Cameron ; referees, Dr. Gwynne-JHughes, T. New. T. BL Wearing, G. F. Andrew, and J. 3. Meagher. At the conclusion of the race an adjournment was made to Sargent's Hotel, where tea was partakon of, the return journey being accomplished by moonlight. The members of the Sydney Caxton. Cycling Club spent an enjoyable day at Lady Robinson's Beach on Saturday. The feature of the afternoon vas a five mileB bicycle handicap on the Brighton racing track, which was lent for the occasiou. The race was fast and interesting throughout, the winner beimj J. A. Pegg, 40 yards, who defeated Matthews, 700 yards, by a few yards; Strickland, scratch, being close up third. A lap dash was won by Orr, 25 yards, W. Bateniau, scratch, being second. The sport was witnessed by a good many friends of the ?'competitors, among whom were many ladies. An adjournment was made in the evening to Lick House, where dinner was served by Mr. Figg. Toasts fol lowed, and an impromptu concert served to fill in the remainder of the evening. A pleasant ride home by moonlight was a fitting close to the day's sport. The professional riders of England propose insti tuting a memorial for the late A. W. Harris. Forty per cent, of the gate money taken at the Grand Prix de Paris of 1897 will be given to the poor of Paris. At a big cycle meet held at Padone, Italy, Ia6t month, on which occasion the Royal Family were present, the prizes emauuted from the King and the Princesses, fclo much was the King interested' that he asked to be allowed to hol;i the watch in the final of a scratch race, which was won by Minnozzi. In the Mayoralty contest in Chicago it appears that the wheelman's vote is a very considerable item towards success, and the different candidates make considerable efforts to obtain the cycling support. The present Mayor of Chicago is an enthusiastic wheelman. It is therefore not surprising to learn that in the bicycle road race from Peak Hill to M'Phail and back, 18 miles, the following competed : — Hutchih, David son, -scratch ; A. Davidson, 3| minutes ; Hoffman, 4 ; Albert Wilbams, 6 ; Bailey, 10 ; J. Jackson, Humphrey, M'Cullagh, 11 ; Capp, 18 ; Dawes, 20. The result was Dawes, 1 ; W. Humphrey, 2 ; and Capp, 3. The winner had a heavy fall, caused by a dog. ITie cyclist Jerome Murif was the guest at a welcome social tendered at Broken Hill by the leading citizens and the League of Wheelmen. The Mayor (Mr. Holdswortb) presided. In proposing the health of the guest he spoke of him in highly complimentary terms, dubbing him the greatest cyclist in Australia. In replying Murif narrated at some length portions of his ocean to ocean trip experience. The league presented during the evening a gold medal to F. W. Shepherd for services as late secretary. There were 20 competitors for the 10 -mile cycling road race at Dubbo. Horder won. Time, 29 minutes. Sullivan second, Mahoney third. Several hundreds witnessed the finish. The Yictoiian League of Wheelmen, having had before it the fatal accident to Robinson, a competi tor on Saturday in the Bulla-road race, adopteia report for -fixing the min;mum weight of all racing machines, wnether for track or road, used at com petitions sanctioned by the league. Messrs. Megson, Payne, and Fowles have left for Singleton to compete at the race meeting to be held at Singleton at an early date. ' A. F. Chapman, J'. Bradbury, Simpson, and Tipper will aleo make the trip. Mr. Eawley has issued a circular to ail members of the league inviting them to attend a general meeting to consider the advisability of appointing two hono rary bandicappers to assist Mr. J. Williams, the official handicapper in his work. The great French, road race from Bordeaux to Paris was contested for the seventh time ou Satur day and Sunday, the 15th and 16th May. Ou its establishment in 1891 it was an amateur event, and was won in that year by the English rider, G. P. Mills, whose time was 26 hours 36 minutes over a course about 10 miles shorter than that which is now used. Long-distance road racing was popular here at that time, and several Englishmen competed and secured the first four places in the race. The genuine amateur in France has since been effaced even more effectually than he has in England, and the professional r signs in his stead, and the race is now contested by men of the latter' class. Last year there were 32 starters, four being Englishmen, and one of these, A. V/Linton, who has since died, won the race, although there was some dispute be tween iim and Riviere, who reached the post a few yardB behind. The time was then 21 hours 17 minutes 18 seconds, which was nearly three hours faster than the previous best time made in 1895 by Gerger. On the present occasion the starters numbered only 16, just half as many as last year, but the punishing character of the race as now'con tested is aufiicient to deter all who have not under gone special preparation. For this race no English rider competed. Neason, of Liverpool, had entered, but he could not start owing to pacemaking diffi culties, as no man who is not in command of suffi cient pacemakers to take him through, would stand the ghost of a chance. The Bordeaux -Paris course is a most trying one, the hills on parts of it being very severe when compared with the 24 hour courses which used to be followed in English road races. The start, was delayed until 6 p.m. on the Saturday so that the men might finish at the Seine Yeledronie for the delectation of the public on- Sunday after noon. Last year A. V. Linton started at an extra ordinary pace, coveiing the first 62 miles in 2 hours 50 miuutes. Partly owing to darkness coming on soon after the start a more moderate pace was made this year. There was a large crowd to witness the start, and Riviere, Cordang, and Meyer soon drew away. Huret, Riviere's rival on the track, soon re tired, as he had not enough pacemakers to enable him to compete with success. Cordtmg took the lead early in. the race, and covered the first 100 kilo metres (about 62 mileB) in a little over three hours, and, riding hard, he continued to gain on Riviere through the earlier slages of the race, the latter, as is Ms Mr.qnt, riding... to a time .schedule. Riviere's systematic pace, ho'wever, soon brought Mm again within touch, of the leader, and at Poitiers they were about level. Cordang then made another at tempt to get away, and so well did' he ride that he obtained a lead of half an hour by the time Tours was reached' Riviere then began to creep up to him, steadily diminishing Ms lead, until, with about 50 miles to go, he came level with Ccrdaog. .His dogged persistence took him to the front, and, gain ing gradually, he arrived first at the finish, and rode a kilometre t und the track amid the ovations of the crowd. His time was 20 hours 36 minutes 46 seconds. Cordang arrived itf 20 hours 53 minutes 31 seconds. Meyer came in third, a long way behind. A feature -of the race was that lliviere was paced by a number of -motor-cars, which probably gave him a consider able advantage against the head wind that prevailed. The death is announced of another prominent racing man of the past, who made a name for him self not alone for his racing ability, but forthe sportsmanlike manner in which he rode. This is R. H. English, of North Shields, who died early in May at the early age of 34. English may be eaid to have first established his reputation in a 15 miles race at the Crystal Palace in September, 1884, for he rode this race from start to finish at such a. pace that all his opponents were left hopelessly behind before a mile had been covered, and this was long before the advent of the pacemaker. With the ex ception of Cortis's mile time of 2 minutes 41 3-5th seconds, he made a clean sweep of the recards up to 20 miles, riding on to this distance after the com pletion of the race. No one other than. H. L. Cortis had previously covered 20 miles in the hour. In the amateur championships he won the 25 miles in 1884, and the 25 and 50 miles races in 1885. In the latter year he competed successfully in the United States, and altogether won some hundreds of prizes. He turned professional, subsequently, but he always bore the, .character of £a genuine and straightforward racing-man, who won his races by sheer hard riding. The League of New Zealand Wheelmen has ap plied to be admitted to the confederation of Aus tralasian wheelmen, which at present includes the Victorian, New South Wales, aad South Australian leagues. Greenwood who had to give up his attempt to ride from Port Darwiu to Adelnide said to a ' Mail ' interviewer. ' I was very bad before I left Melbourne I weighed lOst 121b ; when they took me on board the steamer to come back I just went 9st 21b.' As he stood on the steamer's deck he did not look 9st, and his legs were bandaged up, the result of au operation that had been performed. ' I had a good trip up in the steamer to Port Dar win,' he continued, ' bnt I soon began to feel some thing was wrong ; I lost my appetite and could not eat anything, but I was determined to go on. I consulted a doctor, and he said I ought not to in that state, but I felt everybody was watching the trip, and what else coufd I do but proceed With it. Four days before I started I lost my appetite altogether, and in addition got deaf, The doctor said I might get better as I got into cooler climate, and again told me not to start. However, 1 got ready, and set out last Sunday three weeks. The heat was terrible ; it was from 95' to 100', with south-east heavy winds, which are continually blowing at ihis time of the year. You have no idea what it is like, and then I was getting the fever, though I did not know it, so you can just imagine how I felt. The first day I went 92 iniles. There is jno road, as you may sup pose, but only a camel track, and this is worn right down, so that if you attempt to ride along it you would strike 'the pedals on the bank each side, and that meant bending them or breaking them. It was terribly rough riding, and what they call grass up there grows about 10ft. high ; it is ;peculiar-looknig wiry stuff, and very hard. I felt very ill when night came on, and Coleman and myself lay down to sleep some distance from the rail way line. I soon found out I had made one mistake, and that was coining away without a mosquito net. I never eaw such things in my life. There seemed to be millions of them. I did not sleep all night, I was too ill ; and when daylight broke I could hardly stand, eo I decided to turn back, though during the night I was hopeful of being able to get to Catherine btiver, 108 miles further dd, where I understood a doctor was to be found. I started to walk back with Coleman, and it took me all the next day to walk 12 miles to the railway line. There is no station. When you want the train to stop you have to wave a flag. ' This I did at Adelaide River, and then came on to Port Darwin. I was taken to Dr. Goldsmith's private hospital, where I was for five days. An operation yos performed on my leg, which, as you see, is still bandaged up and swollen, and I am ju6t managing to walk on it. I was unable to walk down to the steamer, so they took me down on a railway tricycle, the rails for which are laid down the pier. Messrs. Pratt and Foster were ex ceptionally kind to me. I am down on the ship's books for some kind of fever, but I am getting well again. I said I could do the trip, and I will. I know how to do it now, and what I require and when to start. I will wait until January, and then start. That is the beBt time, for you can go up with the strong south-east wind. I made inquiries all about Murif s ride. He was only by himself 180 miles out of the whole journey. He had company either with packhorses or provision waggons nearly all the way. Snell was asked to do the &ip;, but he wanted £500. for it ; nevertheless I will do it.' It is proposed to ask his Excellency the Governor to perform the opening ceremony of the new club rooms of the L.V.W. in Russell-street, and to give his Excellency and suite a guard of honour, com posed of cyclists, from Government House on the occasion. A bicycle gymkhana waB held at Bathuret on Saturday, that being the first sports of this kind witnessed there. The movement originated with Miss Violet Smith, who made an excellent secretary, and with the other officers carried out the arrange ? ments satisfactorily. The officers were as follows ; — Judge of horse events, the Hon. Jago Smith ; 6tarter. Mr. H. Suttor ; judges of bicycle events, Misses Stewart, R. M'Phiilamy and Violet Smith, and Mr. Daugar ; committee, Misses Stewart, R. M'Pbillarav, and Violet Smith, and Messrs. J. M'Phillamy, E. M« Arthur, and H. M'Phillamy ; hon. secretary, Miss Violet Smith. There was a very fair attendance of ladies and gentlemen, who watched the contests with interest. The results W6re : — Ball Eace.«=^First beat : Mr. H. M. Taylor, I. Second heat : Mr. John Macks), 1. Third heat : Mr. E. J. M' Arthur. Final : Mr. E. J. Sl'jirfchur, 1 ; Mr. H. M. Tavlor, 2 ; Mi-. J. Max⪙, 3. Cigar and Umbrella Eace.— First heati Mr. H. M'Phillamy, 1 ; Mr. E. J. M'Arthur, 2. Second heat : Mr. E. N. Dangar, 1 ; Mr. P. Meagher, 2. Knal : Mr. B. N. Dangar, 1 ; Mr. H. M'Phillamy, 2. Turning Competition for Bicycle] lor ladies only —First heat : Miss Slonian, 1. Becona heat : Miss Pilcher, 1. Final heat : Miss Siotnan, 1 ; Miss Pilcher 2, Thread Needle.Races for Horses, ladies aud gentlemen. — Miss Violet Smith's The Idler (Mr. H. M'PHllamy) , 1 ; Miss Fegan's Prince {Mr. P. 5Ie8«ber), 2. ' Ball and Bucket Competition for Bicycles.— Miss Ruth M'PhiUamy, 1 ; Miss Avern, 2. Liemon Pegging Competition for Bicycles, ladies and gentlemen.— Miss Ruih M'Pliillamv and Mr. F. Jago Smith, 1 ; Miss Pilcher and Mr. Jno. M&ckel;, 2. Hack Race, gentlemen only, catch weight, distance half mile.— Mr. P. Mea^her's Prince, 1 ; Mr. J. M'Intosh's Hypocrite, 2 ; Mr. E. J. M' Arthur's The Eat, 3. 