'local and general -..-?.?.??: items. This Platform Ticket System at CnuRcn flTBBKT BAIMVAY STATION.— TniS mOTDlDg the necessary barriers were completed at tho Church street B»!lHfty stntion for (ho PurP?fe of V™™utmB persons crowding on to the railway platform. There will, from to-day, be only tho ono entrance and exit for the public, viz., through tho mmn , ? c n.» -.;!«« nt.ntion. and no reraoiiB unless thev have business with the officero, or mo possessed nf I railway tiokot, will be allowed on the platform without they purchase a platform ticket the price of which will bo twopence. The tickets will ba dated and are available for one tram only. No extra hanfls, we are told by Mr; Form, railway, station master, will be necessary to attend to tho coCtionof platform tickets The gates will be closed half an hour before each tram is due. Thb Colonial Mutual Ldi Society's Mmt INo -The Argus which report* on Thursday the muting of the above society of which wo yesterday mwatelegraphlo Bummary, writes , The question ?fold'flKe pensions was incidentally referred to by M 'Henry Henty, the chairman of tho Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society, in the course of his remarks at yesterday's meeting of that institution. Cshowedhow the' society's business m endow Sent policies was improving and proceeded-' Tho ratio of increase has been fourfold. It » interest fagto have such faota known fa view of tp« special attention wbioh has recently boon directed to the problem of how best to provide ' old-age pensions,' Wal.lv in New Zealand, where a bill had last sea Son beon introduced dealing with the question on 'national scale. Personally, I am strong y of opinion that such matters should be carefully avoided by tho state, and left to those whoee busi ness it is. We have already had too much legisla tion by men who think they know, but don't. 'Gentlemen,' said Mr. ,T. 1\ Burna, of Now South Wales, at tho meeting, ' gentlemen, let mo impress nnon you tho necessity and importance of advertis ina in connection with a nociety like ours. Lvery time anothor-Rroat life assurance society does any thins of consequence it lets the public know all about it by advertising it in tho newspapers. It takes ewry opportunity of keeping itself and ita work well before tho public, and so reap3 the re ward of its enterprise. Consequently, I say wo can not place too much importance in judicious advertis ing. The meeting evidently endorsed Mr. Burns a Tjih Fedkuaii Combination Co. — A Very small audience assembled in tho Town Hall last evening, whon tho above Company gave its third and final performnnce. Tho patronage accorded tho Com pany throughout wor not nearly commensurate with tbe high-class character of its entertainments, and Mr. Kelly is deserving of tho commiseration of all who have a taHte above negro minsfcrolsy or boxing booths. It will probably bo a long time before Mr. Kelly will saoriflco his time and deplete his pockot in a rain endeavour to provido amuse ment and ontortainmont for tho Muitland public. It is apparently love's labour lost. Ab on tho preceding niRhta, Professor Barker waR loudly applauded for his clover and puzzling display of sleight-of-hand tricks, at. which ho is a thorough ndeptj and as 11 finale, ho gavo what was described as an expomiro of no- called spiritualism. In fact, ho ropoatod tho business which created such a boh Bation somo time baolr, when tho central figure was Mrs. Mellon. Tho Professor did not summon ? spirits from tho vasty deep, but ho caused n oonplo of very proRentttblo imitutionB to emurgo from a black-draped cabinet after having beon securely tied and sonlod in a calico bag whioh wbb seemingly as sound an Mr. Reid's polioy. Ono of tho 'ghosts ' moved about tho etago and shook hands with somo momborB of tho committee which had beon ap pointed from the nudiencnj but when the lights woro arain turned up, tboro wan ProfosBor Barkor tied and Boated up in the cnbinot just as fclio enm mittoo had left him. It was very mystifying. 1 ho vocal efforts of MiRB Lena Iioveday— who also gave a coraio rooitation in a vivaciouR mannor— wero greatly appreciated,. and Misa Maddook's flexiblo and molodiotiR soprano voice was hoard to splendid advantage, ono of tho lady's fine numbers winning for her a baBhofc of beautiful flowers, Messrs. Morgan, Chandler, nnd Why woro in their beBt form, nnd earned unstinted approbation, whilst; tho Irish oharaoter impersonations of tho volatilo Teddy Coloman kept those proaont in a simmer of mirth, and his singing and first-clans daneing earned him tho only recalls. Mr. Wells was an ofllcicnt nccom pnnist. _ University Juhioh Public Examinations. — Wo dosiro to direct attention to tho advertisement announcing tho dwto of tho Sydnoy University Junior Public Examination (local). Candidates forms may bo had from tho looal soorctary (Rov. R. Jaokson, Enst Maitlaud). Tho forms, accompanied with tho feoB, must bo returned to the looal secre tary not lator than Wodneadoy, 12th May. Looai. Entebmmbb.— Tho nttnntion of our tondorB is orvllod by ? advertisement olsewhoro to ' a novolty' in tho shapo of a now laundry tab whioh was oxhibited at tho late Show, amongst a oolloo tion of galvanized iron goods by Mr. William Hogan, tinsmith, of High-street, WoBt Maitland. This nrtiolo iB etiongly mado and is fittod with modern appliances foromptying and carrying oil waste wator and sinoo they do not ocoupy more spacu than the ordinary washing tub, nfc no greater cost, wo antioi pato that tho makor will find a ready oalo for them. Thoy can abo bo oonnooted with hot or oold wator sorviciiH, if desired. Leoturi3 rou St. Stkphun s Church Rni'Ains Fond.— It will bo noon in our advortiaini; columiiB that thoRnv. D. McLennan from Berry, is an nounced to deliver a lecture on tho ' Horo of TJpnnda' in St. Stophon'a ProBbytorian Church, ?Eaut Maitland, on Monday next at 8 p.m. As tho trabjeot of tho looturo ifl now to tho peoplo hero thoro nhould bo a good attendance. A oollootion will bo takon for Ohnroh ropaiis. Death op Mb. Fiikd. Biiunkbr, — Ab wob antioipnted might occur at atiy momont during tho pant week or ton dayn, tbo doath of Mr. Fiod. Brunkor, oldowt nurviving son of tlio Hon. Jaa. N. Brunkor, Chief Soorotary, took plaoo nt; half-pnat fivo o'olook yoatorday aftorhoon at tho ronidonco of bio parents, ' Maudovillo,' Oakhainpton road. Tho lato Mr. Brunkor, who woo a native of East Mainland, wbb 43 yoaro of ago, and loftvos a widow, but no family, For many yonrs ho noted in tho capacity of Forest Rangor nl; Cooranbong and Lake Mncquario, but on account of declining hoalth rotirod from tho Civil sorvico somo two yearn ago. For tho past threo years in fact his hoalth had not hoeu good, hut ho managed to got about until within three months or bo of his doath, when ho wnn obliged to take to his bod. Dr. W. .T. JtiiBBoll han beon in oonstaut attondanco on him for the pnat tow months.' Nothing, however, but a vigorous oonatitution and utimitlnnta kept ' him nlivo, for ho was unable to tako any oolid food. Tho Von. Archdeacon Tyrroll, of East Maitland, wao a frpqnnnt vinitor at ' Maudovillo,' and afforded the usual Bplritual connolatioim to Mr. IJrnnkor in liia hist illnona. Tho Chiof Sbcrotary la vory muoh griuvod at tho death of bin aon, to whom ho wiib raiioh attnqhod, and tho doopnst nympatliy iu oxproanud on all flidon with Mr. and Mm. Brunkor and family in their sad boroavemont. The fnnornl will tnko place at fchreo o'olook to morrow aftornoon.' Tho interment will mado in tho Ohnroh'of England oomotnry at Eant Maltland. West Mai'J'∧ Pomcjh Couut.— Boforo Mr. H. Orothore, .T.P., at thin court to-day Sainuol nnd Sidney Blwoll, two young inon, plnadod guilty to buing drunk and dioordorly in tho bar of an hotol about ton o'olock laat night, and woro oaoh fined Gb or 21 bourn. For lining indeoont languago in nigh-otront, Samuel Elwoll wan Hnnd £1 or bovoii daya, Sidney Elwoll was Bimilarly flnod for using profnno Inngimgo. A Fbactuhkd Tmaii.— A lltfclo girl named Dorm Williams, daughter of Mr. Arthur Wllliiiuin, of tbo Hornonhoo Bond, whilo standing oloso to a floater u cart thin morning noar her home, wan knocked down whon tho horno moved, and had hor thigh frnotaiioc! by tho whool, whioh imaged over it. She wao romovod to tho hospital. BiiAih'b PnitMiaBB.— It will bo ohnorvod from ndvcrtlamnonta oloowboro In thlo inono that tho largo and oommodiouB buainoiiB promlnon in Hifth otroot, originally ocouplod by Moonro. Roborfc Blair und Sona, lmvo boon taken by Mr. M. ,T. Meara, grocer and provision morohaut, nnd by Inn son Mr. Prod, Montn, of bioyolo famo. Tho formor hna made ft grand display of groonrioB, provision!), and otlmon'o otoroo in two of tho largo wfndowo, wlnlo tho third loocoupiod with bloyolo'n nntl othor thinga oonnooted with tho whool trade. Mr. Frod. Moam in rvgont for tho woll-known ' Rod Blrdo,' and gooB in for repairs and tho oalo of Qf(nipmonta on well. Tho two ohopo have boou partitionod off, and malco vory aoltablo biiulnooB promiaoa for both gontlomon. The Cabb op the Phisonbh Hinis.— At a meeting of tho Cabinet yesterday consideration was given to the case of tho prisoner Charles ?Mines, who wa« sentenced to' death at tlio Mait land^Circuit Court nt tho beginning oE last month for a capital offence. Tho Chief Justice, beforo whom the case was tried, was in attendance yesterday, and a decision was arrived at by tho Cabinet, which will bo made known after it has beon submitted for approval to his Excellency the Governor. On»Bit op Sales.— The order to be observed by auctioneers of fat atock at the Municipal Yards, CnmpbxH's Hill, on Monday next, is as follows : — 1\. E. W. Sparko. 2. Marshall and Blaxknd. 0. J. N. Brunkor and Son. Australian Joint Stock Bank. — From our (Herald) Brisbane telegram we learn that at a meet ing yesterday, the now echemoof arrangementof the AuBtralian Joint Stock bank waa adopted almost unanimously, 4'!0 personal votes and proxieB, amounting to .£299,'M1, being in favour, and ono vote, for .£100, r.ga:nBt. Tho head office authorities give tho figures as 457 votes, for X313.512 for, and threo votes, for JZitiO against — tho latter being probably the revised figures. Although too late for usop, roxios are being received in Sydney in Biipport of the new arrangement, leaving no room for doubt that the feeling of the depositors is almost entirely in favour of granting more reasonable terms to tlio institution. It has been already mentioned that a great preponderance of proxies in favour of tho scheme has been received by tho directora oJF tho branch in London. This unanimity of opinion augurs well for the speedy completion of tho arrangement nnd tho re- establishment of tho bank on a sounder basis, with confidonco given Co tho contributors of now business by the provision of priority. ? 