By HARRY STILLWELL EDWARDS, Author of "Two Runaways," "Mine," "Sister Todhunter's Heart," "De Valley an De Shadder," "Ole Miss and Sweetheart^" &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. I All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.—"In all the World koJ Fairer Flower than This i" The city, was in. a whirl on election day; hacks and carriages darted here and there all day long hearing flaming placards and hauling voters to "the. polls. There was the usual scheming to get the factory votes, tho railroad clerks, and. the suburbans. Bands played at the Montjoy headquarters and everything to comfort the inner patriot was on hand. Edward had taken charge of this department and at his <5wn expense conducted it. He was the host. All kinds, of wines and liqueurs and malt drinks, a constantly replenished lunch that amounted^ to a banquet, and cigars were at all hours quickly served by a corps of trained waiters. In all their experience old election stagers declared never /had this feature of. election day been so com plete. It goes without . saying that Montjoy's headquarters were crowded, and that a great deal of the interest which found expression in the streets was manufactured there. It was a fierce . struggle ; the Swearingen campaign in the county had been conducted on the "still-hunt" plan .and on this day his full strength was polled. It was Montjoy's home county and if it could be carried against him- the victory was won at the outset. On the other hand the Montjoy people sought for the moral effect of an overwhelming victory. There was an expression of general relief .in the form of cheers when the town clocks struck 5 and the polls' windows fell. Anxiety followed and then bonfires blazed, rockets exploded, and all night long the artil \- lery squad fired salutes. Montjoy had won by an unlooked-for majority and the vote of the largest county was secure. ■Edward had resolutely refused to think : upon the discovery unfolded to him. With reckless disregard for the future he had 'deter mingd to bury the subject until the arrival of • virdow. But there are-ghosts that will not come down at the bidding and: so in the inter vals of sleep, of excitement, of polities the remembrance of the fearful fate that threat ened him cameup with all the force and terror of a new experience. Hexhurst was impossible to him alone, and he had held to Norton as long as he could. , There was to be a few days' rest after the homo election, and the younger Montjoy seized this opportunity to run home, and, as he expressed it, "get acquainted withthefamily."_ Ed ward, without hesitation, .accepted his invitation to , go with.him.' They had become firm friends now and Edward stood high in the family esteem.- Reviewing the work that had led up ' to Colonel Montjoy's magnificent opening and ' oration, all generously conceded that he had . been the potent factor. , It was not true in fact; the younger Mont joy had been the genius of the hour, but Edward's aid and money had been necessary. The two men were received as conquering heroes. As he held his hand in hers old Mrs. Montjoy said— "You have done us a great service, Mr. , Morgan, and we canriet forget it," and Mary, shy *and happy, , had smiled upon him and uttered her thanks. There was one discordant • note—the daughter-in-law had been silent until all were through. " And.I suppose I am to. thank you, Mr. Morgan,'that Norton has returned alive. I did not know you were such high livers over at ■ ; Hexhurst,".she smiled maliciously. "Were you not afraid of ghosts ?" . - Edward looked at her with ill-disguised hatred. ■ For the first time he realised fully ; that he was dealing with a dangerous enemy. \ How much did she know? He could make nothing of that serenely tranquil face.- He bowed only. She" was his friend's wife. But he was not at ease beneath ter gaze and • readily accepted Mary's invitation to ride. She was going to carry a note from her father to a neighbor, and the chance of seeing the ■ country, was one he should not neglect. They . found a lazy mule and ancient country buggy at the door. He thought of the outfit of the' sister-in-law. "Annie has a pony phaeton ; . that is quite stylish," .said Mary laughingly, as they entered the old'vehicle, "but id is only • for'town use; this is mine and papa's !" "Certainly roomy and safe," he said. She .laughed outright.. > "I will remember-that; so many people have tried to say something comforting^about my turnout and failed; but it does- well i enough. I went to college every Monday and came back every Friday in it for four years, and my driver was generally a woman with a • poke bonnet on—just like mine." They were off then, Edward driving awkwardly. It was the.first time he had ever drawn the'reins over , a mule. . ' . "How do you make it go fast?" he. asked • finally in despair. ' ' "Ob, dear," she answered, "we don't try. We lmow the mule." Her laugh was infec • tious. They travelled the public roads with their / borders of wild grape, crossed gurgling streams .' under festoons of vines, and-lingered in shady , . vistas of, overhanging houghs.- Several times ' ■ they boldly entered .private grounds and passed through backyards without hailing, and at last they came to their destination. There were two'liuge stone posts at the en trance with carved balls of granite upon them. An" iron gate of Moorish fretwork hung be tween. A thick tangle .of muscadine and Cherokee roses led off from them right and \- left, hiding the trail of the long-vanished rail • fence. In front was an avenue of twisted :sedars, and closing the perspective a glimpse of white columns and green blinds._ Up this, through alternate shade and sunlight, went the old mule with"its captors. • The girl's face was lighted with smiles ; it .was for her a new: experience this' journeying i with a man alone; his voice melodious in her hearing ;■ his eyes exchanging with hers quick . understandings, for Edward was happy that \- morning—happy in his forgetfulness. He had thrown off the weight of misery successfully. ; and for the first time in his life there was really ' a smile in his heart. It was the dream of an -'. hour—he would not mar it. Soon he would be .. gonef Perhaps the ocean would roll between ;. them for ever. He would wrest the supreme . moment from fate and wear it as'animmor ■•-. telle. Her voice recalled him. "Ihave always loved " 'The Cedars.' It -.wears such an air of gentility and_ refinement, i It must be that something of the lives gone by cling to these old places.'' " Whose is it She turned in surprise. " Qh, this is where we were bound—General .Evan's. I have a note for him." . ' "AhI" The exclamation was one of awe • • rather than wonder. She saw him start . violently and grow pale. "Evan," he said, t with emotion. • "You know him?" I "Not I." He felt her questioning gaze and • looked into her face. "That is, I have been . introduced to him only' and I heard him . speak." ; After a moment's reflection—"Some time, perhaps, I shall tell you why for the . • moment I was startled." She could not. . ■, understand his manner. Fortunately they had .' arrived at the house. Confused still, he fol lowed her up the broad steps to the verandah and saw her lift the antique knoclceri "Yes, ma'am, de General's home; walk in, " ma'am; find him right back in the librery." / With that delightful lack_ of fonnality \- common among intimate- neighbors- in the \- South Mary led the way in. The General 3at writing at' a broad table—writing letters, it afterwards transpired, in behalf of Colonel . Montjov. She made a pretty picture as she pahsed "at the door. The sun was . shining : through the painted window and suffused her form with roseate light. "May I come in ?" : "Well-! Well !■ Well!" The old man rose with a great show-of welcome and came \- forward^ "May I come in? How d'ye do, 1 Mary ; God bless you, child; yes, come clear \- in,"* he said, laughing, and bestowed a kiss upon her lips. At that moment he caught ' sight of the face of Edward, who stood behind ' her, pale from thd. stream of, light that came , from a white crest in the .window. The two men gazed steadily into each other's eyes a \- moment only. The girl began— "This is Mr. Morgan, general, who has been such a friend to father." The rugged face of the old soldier lighted up, he took the young man's bands in both of \- his arid pressed them warmly. ■ '".I have already met Mr. Morgan. The • -v friend of my friend is welcome to " The Cedars.'" He turned to move chairs for them. • The face of the young man grew white as he bowed gravely. There had been a recognition, , but. no voice spoke from the far-away past through his lineaments to that lonely old man. Duririg tho visit ho was distrait and embar ' rassed. Attention of his host and his playful \- gallantry with Mary awoke no smile upon hi3 lips.' Somewhere a barrier had fallen and the waters of memory had rushed in. Finally, he was forced to arouse himself. " John Morgan was a warm friend of mine at one time," said the old General. "How was ho related to you ?"1 ■" "Distantly," said Edward quietly. "I \- was an orphan and indebted to him for every thing." . "An eccentric man, but John had a good heart-terrors like the, rest of us, of course." : The General's face "grew hard for a moment, hut be rallied and turned the conversation to . the, political campaign. ■ " A grarid speech that, Mr. Morgan; I have never heard a finer, and I have heard great speakers in my day.' Our district will he well and honorably represented in Congress. Now, ouylittle friend here will go-to Washington arid get her. nariie into the papers." " No, indeed ! If papa wins I am going to stay, with mamma, I am going to be her eyes as -well as her hands, the city." . "And how is the little mamma?" She shook her head. "Not so well, and her eyes trouble her very muck." _ ' "What a sweet woman she is ! I can never forget the night Norton led her to the altar. I have never seen a fairer sight—until now," he interpolated, smiling and saluting Mary with formal bow. " She had a perfect figure and her walk was the exposition of grace. I think she is one of those, Mr.,. Morgan, who do not rely upon any particular charm, but who strike youat the first" glance aud meeting as the in carnation of womanliness and tenderness. They seem to carry with them the very essence of home lif e, and the hearts_ of all men under stand." Mary surveyed him with swimming eyes. It wa3 easy to see where her heard lay. She"went up and kissed him lightly; He de tained her a moment when about to take her departure. ™ You are a fortunate man, Morgan. In all the world you will find no rarer flower than this, I envy you your ride home. Come again, Mary, and bring Mr. Morgan with yon." She broke loose from him and darted off in con fusion. He had guessed her secret and-well was it that he had ? ; ( To be continued.), 