Slabs and Slices. Never kick a man wUen bo's down,'unless you are sure he can't get up, - .« Man and wife, like verb and nominative, should always agree. But which, is,the verb ? / \ A roan may not see the point when lie. sits down on a tack, but it radices an im pression on him. . ' I saw a ship at; sea,' said Fittory, ' that \u- '! mi water,' 'That's absurd.' 'Not a bio \jl ii. Slie was on fire,' A young lady being asked bjr a politician which patfcy' she was/most, in favor of, replied that she preferred a wedding party. What fcis the difference-'between a^mis. chevious mouse and a beautiful lady ? One harms the cheese, and she charms the hols'. An old pawu-ticket signed by Tasso, the poet, and dated 1570, Has been found'in a Florentine- curiosity shop in a 'portfolio of old letters/, ' \, * In Ceylon; ■ the marriage' coremony is performed by tying the couple together by the 'thumbs. In. this country they are mostly tied by the ears. ■' Thoylsay that love is blind,' sighed the engaged girl. ' If ho wasn't,' replied the envious friend, ' some people would never have a chance to get married.' ■ Oustomer : 1 Barber, my Bkin is tender. I wish you'<? shave me down, not up.' Irish Barber: ' Down is it ? Sure, sir, there's nothing1 else but down to shave |' Willie : ' Ma, do clergymen strike ?' Mother: • They do, my son. When they are offered another place with a larger salary, they immediately Btrike out for that plaoe.' Hubby: 1 Yes, dear, you look nice in that dress; but it cost me a heap of money.' Wife: ' Freddie, dear, what do I care for money when it is a question of pleasing you ?' Mrs. Robert Milligan, an. American lady, was the mother of twentv-five children before she was forty.-eight '.yeara old. Her numerous progeny included five sets of twins. " ' I suppose,' said • Jolliboy to his friend, 'that when your wife caught you flirting with Miss Gofast she was speechless with amazement ?' ' Oh, no, she wasn't,' said Talkerley. ; You don't know rnywife.' Envy—' How are they all at home Green ?, .'All right except my wife, and she's got a swollen face. The doctor says it seems to be' in fashion our' way.'—' For goodness eako don't tell my wife or she'll want one, too. ' Whatever .drove you. to marrying 14 wives?' asked the judge, regarding the prisoner with more than ordinary interest. • Thirteen was such an, unlucky number, your Honor 1' answered,the. "penitent prisoner.": wiping his eyesi with -l*s coat-, sleeve. - • : 1 ' ' — — - Angelina: 'That was a lovely engage ment ring you gave me .last night, dear^ But what do the initials " E.,0." mean on the inside?' Edwin (who has bestowed the ring before, and had it back): ' Why—er —that is—don't,you know? That is the new way of stamping' eighteen carats,' ■ ' Tommy,' said the visitor, * have you read the books in your Sunday school library ?' ' Soma of them,' he replied, rather- doubt-, fully. ' Oan you tell me what happened / to the hoy who went.fishing on.^Sunday?' 1 Yes. 'He caught.tbree'.oatflah and ah eel.' ' How do you know that ?' ' 'Oos I was .him.' The New Woman.—-' My dear Miss Pic ton do you know that your starched front is all damp ?—' Yes, I know. -I"have just been seeing my fiance off to India, where'he will remain for two or three'years ?'—' And you have been weeping V—' \yhat do you think of me ? Not a bit of it. He did the weep ing,' . / . " • ' John has broken. the five-mile bioycle ireoord,' said 'the proud father. ' I expect so,', said liis mother, resignedly. ' He's broken the front gate, and three places in' the hedge, and the cat's' back, and this croque' set, and his. oollar-bone. sinoe he began to ride, and I'm prepared , for any thing " X_- ' The most curious use to which paper is to he put is that suggested by the recent patenting of a blotting-paper tow'elV It. is a new style of batlf towel, consisting of a full suit .of heavy blotting paper. A person, on stepping-out of his morning' tub, has only to- array himself in one of those suits, and in a seoond he. will be as dry as a bone. ' ' $oya to, the human heart.—No bad man is. ever brought to repentance byv angry words or by bitter soornful reproaches. Qe fortifies himself against reproof, and hurls hack terrible charges in the face of his accuser.Yet guilty and hardened as he seems, lie has a heart iu his bosons,, and maybe melted to teavB by a gentle voice. Whoso, therefore ban restrain his disposition to blame and f\nd fault, and,oan bring him self down to a'fallen brother, will soon find a way to bettor feelings within.' Pity. and., patience are the two keys whioh unlook 'the' human heart. The new Bishop of London cliaa «v keen sense of humor. During a o.qnflrmation tour in..the diocese of '^e.^vbdroiog^'<Dr.. Oroigbton put u,p one evening in an old manq? ho,U3e, and slept in a room supposed to, be hau,nted. Next morning, at break fast, the Bishop \vas asked whether he had Been the ghost.' 'Yes,' lie replied, with great solemnity,' but I have laid the spirit; it v^ill never trouble you again.1 On being furteer interrogated as to what ho had done the'Bishop.said, "The ghost instantly, van ished when I asked for a subscription | towards the restoration of Peterborough Cathedral," ■ • ' '.MX.-":. ' 