The light that oast no shadow Curious stories are told about the powers pos« . sessed by certain natives in India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study ? of natural .laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer . ? j Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out Y '-the secret of their remarkable performaces. They j treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all ') the same. One day the professor wanted to ?v examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An ys A . adept went with him to a cave wherein the books ' fl were kept, The place was dark as the bottom of a i well. 4 1 can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. * 4 Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly .light brightoned the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed it had one strange ?.quality — it c ist not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and— high ?character, and you Avho now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. -Johnson .sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane .ghost. ' A man who has been ill for years, and failed to ?find a cure, is sceptical' when friends tell hirii of a medicine which tbey believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his ex perience 1 Take an example , ' In'the spring of 1888,' writes our correspondent ? * I fell into a low, weak, languid state. I felt low -spirited and out of:sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had; pain and weight at the chest. I was much ? troubled, with, wind, and frequently spat up a sour !fluid, also bitter bile.-'' Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept ?up with my work, but had always a sense of dis comfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, noihing that I took relieviug me. At last I. heard of Mother .Seigel's Syrup, and pro ? cured a supply. . After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this 'medicine, never having'used it or seen it used, 1 now glad}y admit . its value, aud its power over . . disease Since my, recovery,., for which I, thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humauity.il deem i t a duty to send you this -testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th 1893.' ? There is a good deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. -The latter may be true enoughi but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. .On the other hand We have a trustworthy witness, who will answer ?J . letters of enquiry, and cau be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical .r ^about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, It acts on %he theory that most ailments are but symptoms,, j ? forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges- . tion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the I light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people | believe all that is told of its success by eager j . witnesses. ' ! 