MOAT ICROFT; OR, THE GHOST OF A CRIMiE. By A. E. HOOPER.. CHAPTER I. A STORMY CHRISTMIAS EVE. It was a five-mile ride to Silcoat Hall from the nearest station, and with the snow lying thickly on the ground and the wind blowing boisterously, it seemed double that distance. I had looked forward to a brisk gallop along the frost-hardened road, and had hoped to reach the Hall before the usual fun of Christmas Eve commenced; but it had been snowing heavily all day, and by the time I alighted at the little junc tion, all the roads and the surrounding country were blotted from sight, and on mounting the only horse procurable at the Station Inn, I found that the snow was above the beast's fetlocks. There was nothing for it but to make the best of the disappointment; so, pull ing the lappets of. my fur travelling-cap well down over my ears, and turning up my coat-collar, I bent my head to the almost blinding blast, and spurred my horse into a canter. It was not long before I discovered that I was mounted upon a knock-kneed, broken-winded steed, whose frequent stumblings and hoarse gasplings added to the misery- o my almost frozen hands and the razor like sharpness of the wind. Power of endurance is, after all, very much a matter of habit. I knew very well that a farmer, a shepherd, or a sailor, used to being weather-beaten, uw-,ild have laughe^i at the discomfort I felt during that evening ride. But I was a city man, in the habit of getting into a cab whenever the weather did not suit me, and the desolation and loneli ness of this tract of snow-covered country increased tenfold the un plleasantness of the wind and the snow. I consoled myself with the reflection that on 'Change or ini a crowded London thoroughfare I could give points to the farmer, the shepllerd, or the sailor, and beat them all easily. Cowards for tile most part are those wiho have not been trained to courage. I kept up my heart for a time by anti cipations of the comfort awaiting me at the end of my ride. I had been a Christmas guest at Slleoat Hall for the last three years, and I knew whatr to expect. There would:be the old, silver haired squire himself, stout, florid, and genial-the very soul of hospitality; and. his lady, a. gentlenomanh of the ' old school, with her fine old face leaming: welcome, her antique dignity and cour tesy, serving as an adsmirable: oll to the bluff frankness of the nmaster' of the house .Thlon I shotild rmeet Tom.Si coat, my special chum since the T'in chester days ..and together we. should fight again our 'Varsity :battles ;which seemed to belong to such ancient. his toryn though the -last of thein was scarcely two years old: - Besides these, there would be the-girls, and the married brothers and sisters, the uncles and aunts and hosts of grand-children, who always gathered together at Silcoat at this season of the year. Yes, it would hbe a glad meeting, and a "merry Christmas," well worth, this miserable ride. I pictured to myself the great oak-panelled hall, gleaming with the light of hundreds of candles, the roar ing Yule log, the wreaths of shining hdlly, the grim portraits of Silcoats dead and gone, and the stands of: armour worn and borne-by the soldiers of the fanilly; and, as the picture rose vividly before me, I spurred my horse into a quicker pace.. - It was a thoughtless, not to say a brutal, act, and I suffered for it. The poor beast, more willing than capable, broke into an anrkw-ard gallop, sighing like a blacksmith's bellows, and then, quite suddenly,he stumbled and pitched forward upon his knees, flinging me far over his head into. a deep drift of snow. Thankful for the first time for the snoew, which had. given nme a soft fall, and saved my bones, I scrambled to my feet, and proceeded to help up my sorry steed. He had fallen lame, and as he stood in the middle bf the road, panting and trembling in every limb, I cursed my folly in refusing Tom Silcoat's offer to meet me with horses. Being uncer tain of my time for leaving town, I had made up my mind to trust to my own feet or to the chance of finding a horse at the Station Inn; and. here I was, two miles from the station and three from Silcoat, nearly up to my knees in snow, shivering at every fresh blast -of the icy wind, and burdened with" a disabled horse. . Two things were clear to me. I. could not leave the poor beast to its fate, and I.would not go back- to the lin:.- So-I sqized the bridle, and, walked onwards -at a slow pace, with my asthmatical steed sighing and limping-along beside me. How long- I had been plodding along I do not know, but probably I had not covered more than half a mile when I caught sight of a light twinkling ahead of nle. I then remembered to have no ticed, on former visits, that there was a little roadside inn, midway between the junction and "Silcoat Hall; and the thought of being near to any place of shelter put fresh life into me, and I strode forward as qucikly as my lame horse could go. Ten minutes later I halted in the midst of the stream of yellow light which flow ed across the road from the uncurtained windows of the-inn parlor. A shout brought an ostler to the door, and when I had given directions for the care of my horse, and had seen him led away to the stable, I went into the bar of the Travellers' Rest. CHAPTER II.-THE STORY OP A CRIMIE. There was a large and rather noisy party gathered in thie cosy little inn par lor, and a place was quickly found for me near the fire. I was glad to fling off mny coat and cap, and stretch nmy stilt limbs out before the blaze: and, after exchanging a few words with the land 'ord about the weather, I settled myself lown into a corner to enljoy half an hour's rest before proceeding on my journey. There had been a lull in the conver sation and laughter as I entered, but the party soon grew used to mny plresencee, and tile talk began again. "'You was a-sasiing as hol you seed a light In thle window o' thie Bloat Croft, Bob." said a stout, solemn-faced man, tappin; his pipe against a biar of tihe grate. Thile eyes of all present were turned townards a young man who sat just in side the door. He was a lanky, loose jointed youth, wnith a pale face and a pair of vacant-looking eyes, which shifted their gaze from face to face be fore their owner nanswered. "''ell, neighbor," said he, at last, in a thin, reedy voice, "an' It's true, as I'm ready to take my Bible oath on it. An' I don't know as it's so strange, af ter all, seeing as it was the Moat Croft. an' seeing as it was on Christmas Eve'!" "No, no; Bob's right," murmured seo eral voices. "T'ell, but tell us. Bob, did you go an' look into the windows?" asked,the stout man by thie fire. Again Bob allowed his eyes to wander from face to face for a momnent, and then he brought them to bear upon his questioner. "Before I answer, p'r'aps you'll let nme ask you a question," he said. "Answ-er me this, Jacob MIeadows: TVill you go now and look into the windows of the -5oat Croft ?" Several of the men laughed, and all of them smiled, with the exception of the stout man. He shifted uneasily on his seat, and took a deep pull at his steam ing glass. Bob seemed to feel that he had scored a point, and he hastened to follow up his advantage. "It's Christmas Eve, you knonw, Jacob," ihe said-"the- night of the murder,.you remember. TVon't you just take a lonely walkle to thie Mtoat Croft, an' come back an' tell us what you Again there nwas a laugh at thie stout man's expense, and it seemed to irritate him, for he tapped his pipe so hard against the- g ate that lie. broke its stem. "I only asked a civil question'," he cried an aggrieved voice. "You'needn't take it so sarcastic-like Bob." "Well, no more, I needn't, Jacob," re turned Bob, s. ho was apparently satis fled with the impression he had made, and was inclined to bb magnanimous. "An' I'll just tell you that I didn't look !nto the n indows of the Bloat Croft last Christmas Eve. When I seed that there light-an' it was a bluish light as I sed!-- come away as fast as I could; an' don't believe there's a man here to night as wouldn't 'ave done the same." An inarticulate murmur of sympathe tic. ussent passed round the room, and then Jacob Meadows made his peace w:ith Lob by askting him to drink some thing hot and strong at his expense. The landlord of the Travellers' Rest was attending to the orders of his guests, and as he passed me with Ja cob's refilled glass I toolk the opportu nity of asking him if he could furnish me with a guide to Silcoat Hall. A sudden hush fell upon the company at the sound of my question, and every body kept silence while the landlord allsweredl it. "St's a to-riblle rough night, sir," said he, "an' it's a good five miles round to the Hall on Christmas Eve." "Five nilics! Why, it's only five miles from the junction,and this house is half ,'ay between the station and the Hall!" I exclaimed. "I said as 'ow it was five-mile round to tihe Hall on Christmas Eve, sir," re turned the landlord, doggedly. "But I don't understand you. What do you r.c:.?' I asked. "You're a stranger in these parts, sir," he said, "or you'd know that on Christ nlna Eve tlhe folk about here can't get to the Hall without going round by the village, an' that's a good five-mile round. The straight way Isn't half that "-tance; but it leads past the float Croft, an' there isn't man here 'ud pass t1i 1 Moat Croft on a Christmas Eve--no, not for a month's wages! Isn't that so, neighbors?" All the men present nodded" their heads slowly, but with decision. :-- : "The Moat Croft Is :that: old, unin-. habited house which stands back from; the road about a .mile neareir to 'o;tlfe Hall, 1 suppose?" .. "Yet, sir; you come upion it, just" as? you turn off into the lane," said`:the! landlord w""e was a-talkini of it ust as you co'ne in, -sir," ,utTln Jacob 'iMeadows?. B'ob there d as a-tellin' us of a light 'ee seed In the Croft. 'windows' last: Christmas Eve." . - - ' "WhIat's wrong' with the -'place?": I: :asked.: 'w_"tellsn sr Iaid the landlord 'folk do say as the'e oid house s:hauritedi; an' I'n?r "ire it's riot a surprisn' rthing *if IL "M'furdeir can t:-be hid, "said. Boib, in a sepulchra? olce. . : "You're -right. Bob-you',re righta seniited Jacob Meadowhb sI ':'?It's' nbt for nothing' themi blood-stains "won'tt wash out." .: .- - . You sei.,sr explainedthe an lordt "there was a blood muider donie at tlhe Moat Croft fiveye''earago. and. them as did It gotboff an' cou ild niov- be traced."- - "Only the corpse- vas ? ound ?said Bob, in a hollbs tone. : "Tell me the storiy,'I said: "There:s not much of a story to tell," returned the. lindlord; "for- nobody knows the rights of -what happened. The Croft has stood empty for ten year an' more, an' now it's likely to stand empty till it tumbles .to pieces. It's ag'in natur' that anybody should want to live in it after what's took place. Five years ago to-niiglt, on just such a stormy Christmas Eve as this, the neighbors was a-slttin' here in this very room--just as you might say we're doin' now-when we hears the sound of wheels a-comlin' down the road from the junction. 'A carriage,' says I. 'With two horses,' says Jacob Meadows there. It was you as said 'Two horses,' Jacob, wasn't it ?" "I think I said 'A pair of horses,' Johnny," said Jacob, thoughtfully. "I wouldn't be sure, sir; but, when Johnny says 'A carriage,' I think I said, 'With a pair of horses.' " "Well, well, two horses an' a pair comes much to the same thing," said the landlord. "I know the sound of the wheels 'stopped, an' I said, 'It's somebody as means to stop at the Rest.' So I goes fo the door ,an' I sees the face of a dark, "foreign-looltin' man. at, ,the carriage -window. 'Some - birandyZ sharp!' cries he. 'We'vegot somebody' ill here--look alive!' You maybe sure I wasn't long gettin' the brandy and as I gave it into the carriage I caught sight of three people inside. 'There was the dark, foreign mali, a beautiful young -oman with yellow hbai-, who was cryin', and a young gentleman who was lying back, with his eyes shut. I shall never-forget that young gentle man's face, sir. I took partic'lai notice of it at the time, for he looked-deathly pale. He was fair enough to be fthe lady's brother. An' I have good cause to remember him, .for the next' time I. saw him he was a corpse--a murdered corpse, sir!" ........ ... '.::. "How was that ?" I asked. , "Well, sirh', the carriage drove on, ain' I thought no more about it till'news: was brought to the Rest on Christmas' morning that murder had beern one at the Croft. I went to the- old- -house with others, an' when I told about. the carriage I was showed the corpse. As I say, it was that very young man, stabbed to the heart with a queer, foreign-looking knife. As for the car riage and the two other people, nothing 'as ever been heard of them--leastways folk do say as they might be seen near the Croft on any Christmas Eve; but nobody cares to go an' look for 'em." The landlord mopped his forehead, whlichi had grown damp while he was speaking, and as he looked round the room his guests all shook their heads. "Do you mean to say that nolle of you will guide ime to Silcoat Hall for half- a-sovereign ?" I asked. " If you like to go thle five-mile round, sir, I'll take you for half that," said Bob. "No; I'll go by the aloat Croft," I said, "Then twenty suvereigns wouldn't take me," he cried; and all the rest nod ded. "Then I must go alone." I buttonesd ulp my coat and pulled on my capl, while the whole company gazed at me in surprised displeasure. "Ytou say I must turn up a lane to tile Craft? Is it all plain sailing aftel wa'ls?" I asked, after I had paid my reckoning and given instructions about my horse.' "You can't miss the lane. It's the only turning to the right." returned the land lord; "an' if you get safely past the Croft, you must take the second turn to the lTft, an' go straight on to the Hall. You'll see the Silcoat lights to your left when you get to the Croft. But if you'll take my advice, sir, you'll go the five mile round." I laughed and shook my ihecad, and then, having bidden the company good night, I left -the Travellers' P.est and went out into the storm. CHAPTER III.-A HAUNTED HOUSE. Since I had entered the Travellers' Rest the snow had begun to fall again not in soft, feathery flakes, but in crisp, Icy particles, which were driven sting ingly into my face by thie bitter wind. The landlord shivered, and shut the inn door quickly behind me, and I could fancy I heard the company gravely dis cussing my folly as I bent my head once more to the blast and set forth upon my lonely walke to Silcoat Hall. The cold was intense, and I w-alked quickly; but by the time I redched the lane mentioned by the landlord I began to wish myself beside the fire in the Travellers' Rest again. The snow whirled round in the wind like whirling waves of white.dust, dazzling thie eyes and making the head giddy, and for the irst time I began to understand how it was that people could perish in a snow storm close to their own homes. I knew that Silcoat Hall could not be much more than a mile and a half from me. and yet I felt so sleepy and stupid that I was several times tempted to lie down under the nearest hedge and take a nap rather than traverse the rest of the dis tance. I had a vague feeling that it would be a dangerous thing to do, but I did not seem to care; indeed, the danger of the thing seemed to threaten some person quite remote from myself--a per son for whom I had no feeling of in terest whatever. Still, when the temptation grew strong, I made an effort to shake off the feeling of drowsiness, and when. by beat ing my arms across my chest, I had re stored a little of my lost circulation, I found that I was standing against a solid gate-post. A second lock showed me that the gate belonging to the post was lying on the ground, half-buried by the snow, and, straining my eyes, I saw through the mist of the driving flakes the black bulk of a large house rising up at the distance of some twenty yards from where I stood. Then II guessed that I had reached the 'Moat Croft. No sooner had this fact become clear to me than I made up my mind to try and gain an entrance into the old, de serted house. I had no fear of ghosts, for I had no belief in them; but now that I had roused myself from my strange lethargy, I began to see that I had been in danger of giving way to the fatal snow-sleep, and I thought that by taking refuge for a few minutes in the old house I might shake myself al together free from the subtle influence which seemed to be creeping over me against my will. I instantly turned at the gateway, an.d maTde my way up to the door of the tIoat Croft. Entering the dilapidated porch, I found to my surprise that the door was unlatched and swinging to and fro upon its rusty hinges; so I pushed it open and stepped into the hall. A< mouldy smell; like that of a long disused wine-cellar or vault, assailed my nostrils, and at. the same moment I became conscious of a. strange feeling of heaviness upon my heart. I had felt sleepy .while -out iii the, snow,"but this. was an altogether different sensation. .My ,faculties now seemed all on the alert and sharp; but at the same time I was aware of a sudden depression of spirit-a feeling which in past timmes ?vas.described -as "having a presenti ment of evil," 'but which is now called in vulgar language, "a fit of the blues." Probably the feeliting.was induced by the' loneliness of the old house; possibly the: story of. crime -to which I had so lately. listened hliad 'exerted a -stronger in fluen'ce tilidn ny miind than I -had ',imi agined- and caine back to. nie'-'with greater force non that I: had reached the :dcene of the murder. Certain it was, account for it how I may, "no sooner liad: I crossed the threshold of the -1Moat Croft than I began to wish myself outside again. I might have retracedl my steps at ince; butTI was ashamed to acknow ledge, even, to nyself, that I was cap able of.etperiencing uniipleasant; sew satins in a haunited house so I crossed the'=hail, and.. tdned the handle' of the -nearest door.' A sudden stream of light flashedo ut irdni- me; adid lit:its aid I could see:the ?hole:.of the interior of the room. .he sight which greeted me sentan Icyshocit thropgh my- heart, and I stood ini the dodrwayva, riveted toithe spot, with stif fened limbs, ,while my hair seemed to grow crisp' with horror. - In the middle of the floor.stood a lan -tern, from which the light radiated, nmd close' beside it, stiff and stark, lay the body of a young man. His face, which was as white as chalk, sfas upturned to the ceiling; his eyes were shut, and I could see that he was very fair, for a close crop of bright yellow curls clus tered round his forehead, and a slight tawny moustache shaded his lip. Kneel ing on the floor-one at the head and one' at the feet of the stiff figure--were two. people, a man and a woman, and at the sight of them the details of. tbo...lnda,. lord's story flashed into my mind. Theo man was dark and foreign-looking, with black, pointed beard and moustachios, and the woman was beautiful and very fair-fair enough to be the young man's sister! A gust of icy wind blew through the room with a shrill scream, and then-. Bang ! The'door at which. I stood was slamn med ih my face, and I stood alone in the dark hall. ' \--Fora- moment I stood half dazed bnd stupefied, ,rithout powLer of nmotion. and theri, wlthla violeint effort, I broke-t h spell which boulid me, and tried-to open the door..-But the'handle was loose, and sii~ped'round- and: roueid in. my hialds, eind it--was several -moments before. I could 'gt it to :move back the" latch. 'When at last I succeeded, it seemed as if somebody was _pushing against the other side of the door, and I had to put forth all my strength to get it open.: I.Isprang into the room, and found'it was now as dark .as the hall. outside, and no sooner did I release the handle of the door that it slammed to .behind It was not a pleasant position -to:-be in, and not knowing Which way to turn in the - darknets,' I -stood ? quite - still, thinking that I might hear some move meiints:from the other occupants of the room-if, indeed, it had any. other living occupants ! -': - ' . : Not a'.sound: reached -nie, save the shrill -screaming of . the wind, which blew: inricy gusts.- thiough 'an: -open window. - It was the wind which had slammed the door: I guessed that it was the wind which had held.-it so tightly shut; and now it struck me that the man and woman I had seen might have escaped by the window. I crossed the floor, half afraid . to tread lest I should stumble over that awful Thing; and in a moment I was standing close to the window. It was a French window, opening, like. a. door, down to the ground; and as I stood there, with the wind blowing full upon me, I discovered that the snow- had ceased to fall. Hark ! What was that ? During a momentary lull in the storm, surely I heard the muffled sound., of wheels and horses' hoofs on the snow outside. I stepped optside the window and looked eagerly in the direction of the sound, and as I looked the heavy clouds opened and let out a sudden flood of moonlight. A carriage drawn by two horses was passing down the lane, and I just caught a glimpse of a foreign, black-bearded face at the window as it vanished between the high, snow covered hedges. Then I looked back into the room I had left, and I could see the whole floor gleaming white in the silvery light of the moon. The stiff and motionless figure I had seen lying there such a little while before had vanished, and the room was empty. As I looked, a wave of darkness seemed to flow into the room and fill it from floor to ceiling. The clouds had once more closed over the moon. I no longer felt any desire to rest in the haunted house; so I turned my back on the Moat Croft, and hurried away in the direction of the lights of Silcoat Hall, which I could now see twinkling in the distance. CIHAPTER IV. - THE END OF THE STORY. As I had expected, the fun of Christ mas Eve was at its height when I reached Silcoat Hall. I could see the ruddy light of the broad hall windows as I stumbled wearily up tile avenue, and I could hear the sound of music and laughter as I drew nearer. But I was scarcely in a mood to enter upon the gaiety of a Silcoat Christmas Eve at once; so, instead of going in by the great door, I made my way round to a side entrance, and asked a servant to show me up to my room, and to tell Tom Sil coat of my arrival. Five minutes later I was seated in a deep easy-chair before a roaring fire : and by the time Tom could make his escape from the company in the hall, I was beginning to feel myself again. In telling Tom of my experiences, I made no reference to my visit to the Moat Croft; for at present I felt disin clined to encounter his laughter and bantering questioning.' He blamed.hi?l self for paying any heetd ito my 'uh es-: tion. that he: should not meet me with' horses. "I ought to have known that "they. would be badly off for mounts at. the Station Inn, especially at. Christimas-? time." he said. "But here you are, safe and sound, and better late than never.' 'll send you up something to eat. and drink, and then you must come down and : help us amuse the youngsters. I must be off or they'll follow me in a body, and carry me off by main force." I found that my portmanteau had ar rived, and had been unstrapped, and while I was waiting for my supper,' E removed all traces of my struggle with the storm. When the tray was brought I made a hearty meal, and then, feeling quite refreshed, I left my rooms,. and, guided by the souid of music, found Miy? way down to tihe hall. -Sir John and Lady Silcoat gave me a! hearty welcome. - S"You" are just in time," cried& Tomi: coming up; "-my Uncle Gerad has just. returned home from Italy, arid he h is promised to give the yoiingsters'a special treat. I .woi't' tell you what it is ;::t' see, tihey are all taking their places: for the show. 'Come with" me, and I'll get you a good seat, and introduce you to my Cousin Stella at the same tiie.'' I saw that seats had been arranged in rows across the great hall; and now-the whole company-men, women, ahd chil dren-were hurrying to take their places. I submitted to be led to a place by Tom Silcoat. I was'still feeling a litte dazed by my sudden entry from the storm out side into all the glitter of this gay scene; but I was suddenly roused by hearing Tom's vqice say: "Stella, I want to introduce my oldest chum to you." *?"' I looked up, and then gave a violent start, with difficulty suppressing. acry;. -.A-nost beautiful girl stood befor'e me iithe extended hand--a vision of loveli nes so.rare that an hour ago I should have said I had never seen anything like. it.. But now I knew I had seen her be for. Tom's cousin, Stella, was the most beautiful fair woman I had last seen in the Most Croft, kneeling at the feet of "Whiat on earth's the matter with you, old iman?"' cried Tom, sharply. "Totu look as if you had seen a ghost!" - The girl had withdrawn her hand, -anad was looking at, me -in surprise, and I: could only bow stiffly, and say: : S"I-I beg your pardon;. I ?'as a little startled for a moment." : " '"Well; yell ; sit down,". said Tom'., "See! they are puttlig the lights out."': We sat down on the nearest chairs, and as we did so, the hall grew nearly dark. Just before us I saw a pair of heavy black velvet curtains, and pre sently a strong white.light was brought to bear upon the place where the cur tains were slightly separated. Natu rally every eye in the hall was fixedT upon this spot, arid as I gazed aLt it, a feeling of strange uneasiness crept over ime. - m Suddenly the black curtains paitedc slightly, and a pale face appeared at the aperture. Then. Indeed, I gave a' spasmodic gasp, and pinched myself to see if I-were awake.. . . The face w.s the face of' young man - .iaxen in' its -delicacy, and -fair and beautiful enough to be the face of Stell' Silcoat's brother ! . : :"For Meaven's sake, tell me -hat this: means, Tom !" I whispered, hoarsely. "Why, what's got into you, man?" he replied. "Can't you guess ? My Uncle Gerad's a ventriloquist, and that's his lay figure. Handsome chap, isn't he?" Tom's voice was drowned in an out burst of'clapping and cheering as the curtains were parted again for a moment to allow a second figure to pass through -the figure of a .tall, foreign-looking man, with :black, pointed. beard ana moustachlos. He was- dressed:in: a silt of ruly.velvet, and wore the sword of air Italian nobleman; and as he b?ied''tbo the company, Tom whispered: :. "_That's my' ncle Gerad." ' 'I sankl.back into my chair in a states bordeihig -upon collapse- I wanted to : -yrll-?lua-wvith-augliter,but I was afraidl It.-would disturb the entertainment.- The sudden tansition from tragedy to com.i dy was aliost too muchl for my already excited nerves; and I was thankful that Uncle Gerad's aentertainment -prbored to be bf a comic nature. As it was, some of the graver children looked at me in as-. tonishment ftom time to time to see-ifL it could possibly be a grown-up man who was laughing so heartily at a children's entertainment.. 7 After the affair was over and the chil dren had all gone to bed, the elder mem bers of the;company gathered round the Yule log:and sonebody suggested ghost stories. - " .' . a - " -. - "Ircahntell thelatest," I said; "for it only happened to-night." . l-: was instantly commanded to begin, andI'repeatecl'the story of the crime told by'tlie landlord of the Travellers' Rest, and went on to relate what I had subse quietly witnessed at Moat Croft. W:hen I.told how I opened the door of the ioom and saw the stiff, stark figure lying in the light of the lantern, Gerad Silcoat burst intos.ashort and sudden explosion of laughter, arid then he remained quiet till I hadfinished. d. . "It's a most remarkable coincidence," he said; "but I must supply the sequel'to the: story." Of course, the -story of the murder at- the Moat Croft is all new'to me; but Stella and I and our wax figure have evidently, played :the parts of the ghosts of the murderers and the murder ed to-night. This is how it came about: Just as: we were driving past the old house part of the harness broke, and our man said he must patch it up before we could go on. Stella thought it would be :less cold in the house, and as our waxen friend needed a stitch or two in his coat, ie" carried him in" with us,' and Stella: sewed him up'-by'tle 'light of the car riage lamp. ' e heard the slainming of the door, and'as Stella had been getting a little nervous, we took up our man: and carried him out-at the window, arid; finding the harness repaired, drove off at' once. " : No .wonder you looked a bit startled when I introduced you to the beautiful murderess," said Tom. '"I hope.Miss Stella will forgive me," I. said.- .': .- , . " I think she did then. I know.that she did soon afterwards; for before I left the Hall at the end of the Christmas holi days Stella Silcoat had promised to be my wife. . 