SPORTING. At a meeting of the A.R.C. Committee held on Tuesday afternoon it was resolved — 1\. That it is desirable to appoint a stipendiary steward. 2\. That the carrying of the above resolution be communicated to the committee of the South Aus- tralian Jockey Club, South Australian Tattersall's, Onkaparinga Racing Club, Port Adelaide Racing Club, and Gawler Racing Club, and that they be respectfully requested to consider the advisableness or otherwise of passing a similar resolution and acting with the A.R.C in appointing a stipendiary steward to all the above clubs. Nominations for the A.R.C. Summer Meeting are due with the Secretary, Mr. S. R. Heseltine, before 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, January 19. The weights will be issued on January 21, and the acceptances close on January 26. Hear Hear was sold by Messrs. Barker Brothers to Mr. W. Good fellow on Tuesday afternoon for 130 guineas. The Richmond — Encore colt has gone into Jenkins's stable at Parkside. Dalesman was purchased by Mr. W. Wasley at the John Bull Bazaar on Tuesday afternoon. Royal Admiral and Morna Leo have been taken in hand again by Tom Keily. Fleet Admiral, who is looking well, is enjoying a short spell. Simple Jim, with J. Harper in charge, was sent to Sydney on Tuesday. Jack Sprat is now being schooled over the fences. The Bowaka— Sprat gelding jumps very well. Ola, Orb, The Ghost, and Glowworm were offered for sale by Messrs. Barker Brothers on Tuesday, but they failed to find purchasers. Mr. Harry Linn has received fair ac- ceptances for the Lake Albert Races, which take place at Meningie on Thursday, and some capital sport is expected. The steamer Milang will leave Milang for Meningie at 6.5 a.m. sharp on Thursday, returning from Meningie at 5.30 p.m. The Victorian Racing Calendar for January is to hand. Nominations for the Port Germein Racing Club's annual meeting, which takes place on February 3, close with the Secretary, Mr. A. Cobb. to-day. Marie May has changed hands, Mr. W. Kelso having purchased the Marvellous— Spec mare. The jockey J. Barbour, who has been seriously ill, has gone to Ballarat for a change of air. It is reported that Mr. T. G. Muir, of Sydney, intends to race a few horses in Eng- land, the team including the three-year-old North British, by Gozo— Florrie. Honiton, by Oudeis— Real Lace, has been purchased by Mr. S. M. Wilson, and will in future be trained by J. Cripps at Flemington. Madcap, with a colt foal at foot, is to be sent to Tahbilk, on the Goulburn River, where Malvolio and Ascot Vale are standing. J. O'Brien, of Mordialloc, has (says an ex- change) received from Elmore a pair of young- sters by Mainstay's sire, Mainsail. One is a two-year-old gelding out of Malvina, a Malus mare, full sister to Foliage, whom J. Leek used to have ; and the other a three -year-old filly out of a Panic mare. Tho former is en- gaged in the First Caulfield Futurity Stakes to be run next year. The annual meeting of the Milang Racing Club was held at Milang on Thursday evening, when a most satisfactory report and balance- sheet were presented. The following officers were elected :— President, Mr. W. P. Dunk; Chairman. Mr. W. T. Cowan; Committee, Messrs. Rust, Walsh, H. W. Haddy, Hillier, A. Saltmarsh, W. Saltmarsh, Warren. E. Dunk, Moore, Stewart, Cameron, Tinks, Poole, W. H. Haddy, and F. Cowan; Hon. Secretary, H. Saltmarsh, jun. ; Town repre- sentative, Mr. S. Whitmore; Handicapper, Mr. H. Hughes. The programme for the April meeting was adopted, £205 being given away in stakes. The Auckland Racing Club has, owing to the defeat of the favourite, Multiform, by his stable companion, Gold Medallist, in the Great Northern Stakes at Auckland, causing some bitterness among punters, and in order to avoid any such unpleasantness in the future, resolved that in the event of two or more horses belonging to the same owner running in one race they shall be bracketed together as one in the totalizator, and that if either horse wins the dividend shall be paid as for one horse. An English writer, referring recently to the Australian horses Daimio, Ebor, and Norton, said (says the Argus) that he did not think that any of them would ever do much good in the old country, on account of the fences being so different to what they had been used to in Australia. Further, with regard to the rela- tive form of the two breeds— English and Aus- tralian—he said:— 'I always think that, although the Australian racehorse may be as good or better than ours, the general average is by no means up to tho English standard." As Ebor has since won three or four steeple- chases in England the critic has probably changed his tune. By- the- way, Ebor is not the sole property of Mr. Gollan the vendor, J. Gardner, having retained a third interest in the horse for one of his little sons. 