NOTES AND COMMENTS. Ptrth is ti e envi .-d of the Esstern governments. So *i-any v eople die there ; hat envy is called up tiy the amount of dearh duty which it would fee possible to collect uuder proper g- vernm nt. * * * * The Governor is coming, and the following scene is almost, certain of repetition :—Customer : Aie my clothes ready ? Tai:or : Not yet. sir. Customer : But you paid you would have fhem done if you worked all night. Tailor : Yes; * but * I didn't * vro r k all * night. We have now a new cricket hit. The telegram mist solemnly sends and an incnsiderable contemporary solemnly prints that ' Mason opened t~> M'Kibbin and 'ciit' the first ball io 'le?' for four After tfcis <ve shall read of pulls to the off ;:iid that Ranji lifted Trumbie a'ong the carpet for one * * * * A smart Eastern paper swallows this :— ' Tom Fitzgerald, of circus fame, told a friend of the 'Bul'etinV that hi-; lirm'had cleared over £8.000 by their show in the West during the iast fi~e months.' The five months firstly is an extension of five weeks, and the £8,000 cleared is most likely £8.000 taken. But it is about as near the truth as anyone in the show business can ger, so let it Os ar Wilde (&ays; an exchange) has been staying at Dip.ppe, being registered at a hotel as M. Sebastiea. He is engaged in literary work, and is said to have nearly completed a pos-m dealing with the recent painful episode-in his career. His position in certain literary circles in Paris seemingly has not been affected by his record. Neither his wife nor his children have seen him since bis liberation. Nor, the MINEB supposes, do they want to. But it is pretty safe to bet that society will not be EO particular, aud that in & year the public will be buying his book without a shade of reservation in regard to the hideousness cf the author's personality. * * * * Mow, if this were simply the wide world's hal it of judging things entirely on their mi ri s the habit would not be challengeable. But it is not", it is because the world, as it grows thicker in its population grows lfss moral, and that as its aspirations and amusements multiply its memory grows shorter. In h ss than half a decade Dilke's stains were —not forgiven, but forgotten, and it is safe to bet that as Wilde's sins were arrayed for a shorter time they will be forgot: en ;n aD even shorter period. Perhaps it is to be deplored that our memory is growing shorter, but it is a fact. At the beginning of the century politicians could conjure with the mention of a noble need or a battle twenty years old. Were the same tactics resorted to now the generatiou would ask, without raising an eyebrow, 'Wot yer givin' us V while the event itself would only be found in the memory of some way back pressman or in the reference dictionary. * * * * His Xcellency the Guvenah will be in our town on Tuesday to partake in a cleriealcum-maion c function which has been suffi ciently advertised without reference here. An inconsiderable contemporary says he will be officially received on the ' 31st November.' What does this mean 1 Surely not that; the municipality wish to save itself expense by assigning the function to a'diesnon.' The day meant, no doubt, is December 1, but it would have a laggardly look if the Governor's reception took place three days after his arrival. This would surely be a criterion of our' up-to datedness.' * * * * That king of posseurs. Kingomaley, is getting play-i out. His two themes, the abolition of barmaids and the legitimatising of antenuptially-boru children, areright enough, and display an ingenious and original mind But these two are spread over three long dragging years, and the creator's ingenuity, therefore, may fairly be judged to be more obsolete than* original. His fossil declamations, . therefore, which he hatched out with the help of one of our lordly legislator!!, stand a chance of coming home to reost. His extravagant verbosity, moreover, is growing more bathotic, as witness : ' 1 ask the House not to act like midnight, skulking, famished Texas prairie dogs,_ barking at the imaginary ghosts of their departed ancestors.' If the imaginary ghost of the departed gumption of the king of rkodomontade would bark when he got up to speak he would say Our old friend Kowalski is back in London, after a successful concert tour in France, where the composer of the March Hongroise, that martial octave exercise, which has stirred the breasts of the entire civilised world (and for which he got exactly £25) was received with open arms. Report says he will return to Australia. We would like to welcome him but trust he will have more sense than to return. The Australian public never put him in his right niche, i.e. out of eyesight of any musician we have had living in Australasia, and even that magnificent old yarn regarding him has since been attributed to Rossini. You know the yarn of course. An iron-fingered darosel consulted him prior , to a composition competition as to which piece she should play. She insisted on playing the pieces, an l actually struggled through one atrocity. 4 How many pieces have you,' asked Kowalski. Two.' replied the girl. Then play the other one, the other one decidedly,' and, seizing his hat, he evaporated through the door. * * » * Ju 'ging by the Melbeurne fire enquiry, our own fire watchman is not the only one who can go to sleep on his roost. The enquiry there proves that 'he fire was burning at a little after 1 o'clock and the brigade watchman did not see it until half after two. This hour by the insurance list made just a quarter of a million of difference. The fire is valuable as an object lessoa as showing that stone wall and brick are powerless to stay the progress of a. fire. Be this as it may the Melesian doorkeeper of Craig, Williamson and Thomas' got a severe shock on the Monday morning when the neighbours came running in to tell him that he need not bother to go down as the warehouse was burned down. ' Burned down, be d d,' he said, ' how the devil can that be, haven't I got the key in my pocket.' * * m * Premier Reid, of the cornstalk colony, has been catching particular fits over his utterances regarding foreign flotations and floaters in foreign places. ' You all know,' said his tumminess,' what sort of shows are takea to foreign parts for flotation, and you all know the sort of men who take them.' These harmless words, which were perfectly innocuous in their grammar, have beea taken violent exception to, and the leading lights in tha company-promoting world of Sydney have been effusively arraying their honesty and the unparalleled prospects of their ' shows' before the Premier and the Sydney public ever since. Moreover, the Premier has been taken to task for impugning the respectability and honesty of the mining speculators. Considering that all the derogation the Sew South Wales Premier was guilty of is contained iu the words we quote, does it not seem as if the mining men were protesting too much and that they are fitting ou a cap that might or might not fit them. Georgy Porgy was quite right in his remarks, though he expressed them clumsiiy. John Bull does get a few plums, but, snakes and sawdust, what a lot of stones he has to spit out. Premier Reid, by the way. is being baited for takingr the opinion of bmkers regarding certain aspects of the finances. We wish this disease w as catchingand that it would spread to Sir John Forres". We believe that the same accountancy that bankers practice is the ori'y thing ibat wouH brine? our finances in^o such a shape as to be understanded of the peop'e. we are part of the people we are waiting anxiously for this element to be introduced. * * * * Says the Bulletin:—' The marks of the feet of the critics are deep on the otherwise beautiful cuticle of Mrs B. Potter. William Archer said the nastiest things possible. S hen A. B. Wa'kley in the ' Speaker' : ' She giveus a mincing, affecied minx withoat a shred of dignity, or any sign by which Francillon is to fee distinguished from the very type of woman for whom she was deserted by her husband. She ta'ks of her matronly instincts. but we notice the audacity of her decolletage.' Like a-ise George Bernard Shaw in the * Saturday Review ': ' She seems, as far as I can judge, congenitally incapable of a gr-nuine impersonation. But she has coached herself into a capital imitation of a renl French actress playing the part, which she thoroughly und< rstands. Saving one or two lapses into clowning for provincial laughs, her performance is not a bad specimen of manufactured actinjr.' Now, these criticisms are so undeniably just that it is a matter of large wonder they have not been made any time since the lovely woman, ' Worh Costume,' first acted in Australia. But the Australian newspaper men, including the 1 Bulletin.' could never get further than Mrs Potter's clothes and Mr Bellew's cordiality. We owe something to the pair's transplantation to London after all, and it is their allocation to their true ley«l in the world of stage art. Neither of them could act is the same plane as Walter Bentley, Mrs Lewis, Miss Ward or old Lachlan M'Gowan. 