THE BENDIGO MECHANICS INSTITUTE. Here we have one of the very finest buildings out of Melbourne, and probably the best library, and very little use for either. The decay as a circulating library of the Bendigo Mechanics Institute has been going on gradually for many years past. Originally its normal number of subscribers was 600 or 700. It has now about 300. This has come about in the space of 15 years. At this rate it is within measurable distance when there will not be enough subscribers to keep the in- stitution open. The causes of this decline are in no way connected with the com- mittee or officials. They have discharged their functions as capably and with as loyal an interest in their duties is could be desired. We are loth to believe that the new generation of Bendigonians do not possess the same regard for literature as their fathers and mothers did who were the cause of establishing this fine and once highly popular and warmly appreciated in- stitution. Though our young people are far too much given to sport and gambling there is surely many more readers amongst them than is indicated by the very small proportion of 300 subscribers in a popu- lation of about 30,000. What we sus- pect is that owing to the very great cheap- ness of books and newspapers these insti- tutions are not nowadays the economic conveniences that they were fifty, thirty or even twenty years ago. For one or two pounds a year the average citizen who reads for amusement generally and only occasionally for instruction can provide himself at his booksellers with all the literature that he requires. It then be- comes his to do what he likes with it as long as he pleases, to light the fire or make curl papers with it, to lend it, which means in most cases to give it to his friends, or otherwise dispose of it. As he reads he is not haunted by the ghost of a return journey to the institute for the purpose of returning the book, and he is not when he takes it up threatened with placards and dockets concerning what may happen if he do this thing or refrain from doing this, that or the other thing. A man who really loves books reads them much more happily and leisurely when he has the sense of proprietorship in them than when he is merely flying through a cir- culating library with the reading fever on him and not contented till he is set up with another—afraid, as it would seem, that he is not devouring his pounds worth of the literary banquet. To the wonder- ful cheapness of books and newspapers and their consequent great multiplication on every hand we chiefly attribute the decline of such institutions as the Bendigo Mechanics and the dying struggles for existence of nearly all of the similar institutions through- out the country. They have almost outlived usefulness. As circulators of light litera- ture and the latest new novels it would be no loss if they were all shut to-morrow. The booksellers' shops can now perform such functions quite as cheaply, everything considered, as the best appointed of the so- called mechanics’ institutes. And yet in all our considerable towns at least there should be centres where samples of the classic literature of the nation should be jealously preserved and its study culti- vated and encouraged, and there should also be a public storehouse of real works of practical educational value in the arts and sciences, with books of reference to which the studious or the enquiring could have free access. As novel reading clubs, the days of the mechanics’ institutes are visibly num- bered. But in the case of the Bendigo in- stitution it is very much more than a novel reading club. Apart from its works of fiction it has a valuable collection of literature and works of reference which the citizens should never allow to be dis- tributed or broken up. It is also the owner of some thousands of pounds worth of property. It has no revenue to carry on as it has been doing during the past twelve months, and “special efforts” each year in order to clear off shortages of re- ceipts are out of the question. The com- mittee have several courses open to them. One plan is to make over the library and property to the City Council and let it hereafter be conducted on the Coventry, Leeds, Birmingham and Glas- gow plan as a free circulating library of which the whole of the ratepayers would be members. Another plan is to boldly reduce the subscription fee to 10s. per annum or even to 7s 6d or 5s per annum, and if necessary go into the hedgeways and bye ways and compel them to become subscribers. If the fee were cut down by 50 or 75 per cent., scores would probably pay it, who now look twice at a sovereign and on the second look drop it back in their pockets. EAGLEHAWK, Titles of Residence Areas Country News and other items will be found on our first page this morning. FOURTH PAGE. —The following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth page this morning—Mining News and Notes and Sporting Intelligence. TO-DAYS EVENTS. —Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m.; half-yearly meeting Sandhurst Trustees Co., 11.30; City Council, 3 p.m.; Dr. Ryder’s lec- ture, A.N.A. Hall 3 p.m; entries close Golden City Races; Dispensary Board, 8 p.m.; concert aid Watson Sustentation Fund, Theatre, 8 p.m,; Lumare’s Cinematograph, A.N.A. Hall. 8 p.m.; Wanderers Assembly, 8 p.m.; meeting Epsom (arrange social). Mining meetings: Half-yearly Shenandoah (Petrie), 10.30; North Shenandoah (Petrie), 10.30; Garden Gully (Craig), 11.10; New St. Mungo (North), 11.30; St. Mungo (North), 12.15; Princess Dagmar (Hemming), 12.45; Carlisle (Craig), 3.15 ; New Argus (Davidson). PARLIAMENT. —After the Companies’ Bill had been touched and the Legislative Coun- cil’s amendments discussed, federation was continued in the Legislative Assembly yester- day. The high standard of the debating of the previous evening was maintained, most of the speakers addressing themselves to the subject in its merits and demerits. In the Council some further progress was made with the Mines Act Amendment Bill. An amendment by Mr. D. Ham authorising the employment of Chinamen as a fulfillment of the labor covenants of min- ing leases was withdrawn after some discus- sion. A CONSTABLE'S CLAIMS. — Mr. Lazarus, in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday next, is to ask the Chief Secretary to place upon the table of the library all the papers relative to the claims of ex-constable P. Cox, of Bendigo, who was injured whilst on duty during Easter week, 1896. EAGLEHAWK TRAGEDY.— THE trial of Charles John Hall on the charge of murdering his wife, Minnie Hall, begins at the Castlemaine Assizes on Tuesday next, Mr. Justice Hood is to preside. Dr. Quick and Mr. Barkly Hyett will appear for the defence as before. Hall, who is in the Bendigo gaol, continues to take matters much the same as he did from the beginning. MINERS ASSOCIATION.—The fortnightly meeting was held at the Trades’ Hall last even- ing, Mr C.E. White presiding. The Hon. J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., in answer to the associa- tion’s letter, wrote, stating that the Mines Act Amendment Bill would receive his best con- sideration when it same before the committee. Received. The secretary (Mr. P. Phillips) re- ported that the Watson's Sustentation com- mittee met on Tuesday evening, when £71 in sick pay and £7 donations were passed for payment. During the month one member had died. Twenty members had declared on the accident funds during the fortnight and 12 off. The expenditure was £201 5s, of which £91 10s was accident pay. The secretary added that a fortnight ago a married woman came to him at Eaglehawk and paid her husband's entrance fee into the association. He was then seven months bad on the books. A week ago he asked her where her husband was, and she replied that he was working in West Aus- tralia. As the rules said they could not accept a member from outside the district, he thought it best to bring the matter before the committee, so that they could come to a decision. Mr. Craddock moved that the secretary's action be endorsed, but there was no seconder and the motion lapsed. Mr. P. S. Williams said the only thing they could do was return the money and state that their rules precluded them from accepting that gentleman as a member. If they went to Coolgardie for members (where this man was working) they might as well go to America. The law was made to facilitate members going away, but it was not intended that members of other districts should join. If they allowed this person to become a member they would be getting members from Castlemaine and Bal- larat or other places. Mr. Rowe moved, and it was carried that the money be returned, and that the person be informed that the rules pre- clude him from joining the association. In an- swer to a question as to whether a person could pay up arrears when seven months be- hind. Mr. Hawke stated that he could not pay up after three months. REVISION COURT.— The City Council sat at the Town Hall yesterday as a revision court for the electoral roll of the city. There were pre- sent:—The mayor (Cr. Marks) and Crs. Ryan, Harkness, Carolin and Hoskins. The atten- tion of the court was directed by the town clerk to the names of sixteen deceased ratepayers, and these were duly struck off. The objection of John Henry Hocking against William Mat- thews's name being put on the list was ad- journed until next Friday week, the 30th inst. The matter is inferred to elsewhere. Chas. Joseph Kirkby applied to have his name put on the roll, and on Mr. Honeybone explaining that the applicant was eligible the request was granted. The list of rolls as revised were then duly signed by the councillors and the court adjourned. QUEEN'S STATUE FUND.— The adjourned meeting of the general committee was held yesterday afternoon in the mayors room. There were present: —Messrs. Davis (in the chair), Magnus Cohn, Goudge, Cohen, Faul, Crofts, Claridge, A. Mackay and the Rev. E. H. Scott. Apologies were received from the mayor, the Rev. A. S. C. James and Mr. Cohn, senr. Messrs. Paul and Cohn reported having obtained promises of support amounting to £6 12s. The several other committees have not yet been able to commence their canvass. Mr. Cohn remarked that so far they were not much further ahead than before. The chairman : “Yes, the thing is dying of inanition. The meetings are getting smaller and smaller, and the enthusiasm is gradually dying out.” Mr. Faul: “My impression is that there is precious little enthusiasm in the streets ; Mr. Cohn and I have canvassed.” Mr. Cohen did not like the idea of dragging money out of people. He suggested that the ratepayers’ roll be called over, and a list of persons be made out who would be likely to subscribe. These could be called upon. Mr. Cohn said the thing had not been done systematically in order that the poorer classes might have a chance of sending in small amounts. The question of sending out subscription lists was discussed. The secre- tary said a number of lists had been returned from the mines without anything on them. Mr. Davis said the Watson Fund had cut the ground from under the statute movement in the matter of small amounts. Mr. Mackay said that many had been called upon but were “not at home.” In those cases he suggested that circulars be sent to them stating that the fund would be closed on a certain date. The circular could then be followed up. It was thought a good suggestion. Mr. Faul remarked that he had received a most emphatic refusal from a city councillor. Mr. Crofts thought that in case circulars were sent out, an advertisement could be placed in the news- papers asking that the applications be returned. Mr. Macoboy considered the best way would be to fix a date, and the time could afterwards be extended for a month to allow of personal visi- tation. Mr. Cohen thought the best way would be to adjourn the meeting until next Tuesday, at 4 o’clock, when the rolls could be gone through. A motion to that effect was carried. It was also decided that a draft circular be pre- pared and submitted to that meeting for ap- proval or otherwise. The meeting then ad- journed. A TECHNICALITY AT A REVISION COURT.— A question which should be of interest to rate- payers came before the City Council yesterday, sitting as a revision court. John Henry Hock- ing objected to the name of William Matthews being placed on the ratepayers’ roll, and applied to have it struck off. The town clerk said it was merely a formal matter. Mr. Hocking purchased property, which was occupied previously by Mr. Matthews. The purchase was made before June 10, and the owner was in occupation on that date, so he was entitled to the vote. It was moved that the objection be upheld, and the motion was just about to be passed when Cr. Carolin, whose attention had been engaged elsewhere, asked the nature of the objection. On being enlightened he pointed out that the court could not act in the matter without first obtaining de- finite facts. They could not strike the name of any person off the roll until they had evi- dence that he had been served with a notice, or the notice left at the house. The objector would have to come to the court and testify to this having been done. Cr. Carolin added that he did not know the parties interested, but he knew what the law was in respect to these matters, and thought it their duty to carry it out. The mayor remarked that it had always been the custom to treat matters of the kind in a formal way. Cr. Harkness, however, pointed out that there had been trouble on those lines before. After further argument the rate col- lector (Mr. Hopper) was sent for, in order to ascertain if he could enlighten the court in re- spect to the case in question. Mr. Hopper said that Mr. Hocking bought the property before June 10 but did not take possession until a few days afterwards. Cr. Carolin : “Now, there’s the wisdom of my objection.’’ Further argu- ment arose as to whether Mr. Hocking was entitled to a vote under the circumstances ex- plained. It was agreed that he was not. Mr. Honeybone, however, said that Mr. Hocking when he came to the town hall to give notice of his objection represented that he was in occu- pation on June 10. It was eventually agreed to adjourn the case until Friday, 30th inst., in order to give Mr. Hocking an opportunity to put in an appearance and explain matters. HUNGRY FOR DRINK.—Two young men named Frank Skillen and William Brown were arrested about 11.30 last night charged with stealing three bottles of beer, the property of Edward Simmonds, and on a second charge of assault. The man had been drinking at the Coach and Horses Hotel, and on the barmaid leaving the bar it is alleged that they stole three bottles of beer from the shelf. The barmaid heard the rattling of bottles and told the licensee. Mr. Simmonds went out and caught Skillen. Brown, on seeing his companion in trouble, went to help him to escape and as- saulted Simmonds. Some other men who were in the parlor rushed out and the pair were over- powered. Constables Garland and O’Farrell then ran them into the watch-house. An open knife was found in the possession of Brown. THE CINEMATOGRAPHE.—The first-class pro- gramme provided by Colonel Lumare at the A.N.A. Hall was repeated last night. Among the cinematographe pictures was a view at the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets, Mel- bourne, which was speedily recognised by the audience. As they looked a fire-engine dashed round the corner, and the firemen were cheered, as if they were actually within hearing. An- other picture was a view of the Mounted Rifles marching four-deep past the Exhibition building, prior to the departure of the detachment now in England. This also aroused much enthusiasm amongst the audience, especially when Colonel Lumare interjected that “They were the best shots in the world.” The Clare sisters, Will Wynand and the phonograph were equally ap- preciated. It is Colonel Lumare’s intention to make an extended stay in Bendigo, and in order to popularise the entertainment he will, from to-night, reduce the tariff to 1s and 6d. H.A.C.B.S.— Female Branch.—The fourth social in connection with this newly-formed branch of the H.A.C.B.S, was held in the Odd- fellows’ Hall last night, and proved most en- joyable. There were between 70 and 80 couples present, and the dance music of Butler’s Band left them nothing to desire, the floor being in splendid condition. Mr. F. Denton was M.C. A committee had been formed to attend to de- tails, and, headed by Miss Burke (president) and Miss Lineham (secretary), they omitted nothing. About 11 o’clock an adjournment was made for supper, the catering having been placed in the hands of Mrs. Roberts. THE VENTILATION QUESTION.— At the fort- nightly meeting of the Miners’ Association last evening, Mr. P. Phillips read an interesting paper on “Ventilation in Mines.” He pointed out the necessity of sending pure air down the mines, and said the responsibility of doing so should rest on the mineowners. After the paper was read the matter was freely discussed, and on the motion of Mr. P. S. Williams it was decided to write to the mineowners and Mine Managers’ Association, asking them to appoint sub- committees to meet a sub-committee from the Miners’ Association to deal with the ventila- tion question. A motion that a sub-committee be appointed to draw up a scheme to be sub- mitted to the committee was lost. A detailed report will appear in to-morrow’s issue. MINERS' RAILWAY TICKETS.— At the meet- ing of the Miners' Association last evening, the following letter was read from Mr. W. H. Jones, secretary of the Stawell branch of the A.M.A. :—"The Railway department has cur- tailed the distance for which miners' tickets can be used to 20 miles. It causes great loss to many of our members whose homes or works are beyond that distance, and no doubt similarly affects your members also. Our branch has decided to ask the members of Parliament for this district to endeavor to have the privileges formerly granted to be restored. I am directed to ask that your branch will assist us by taking similar action, so that no doubt the matter will be favourably dealt with." Mr. Praed said he could explain the matter, as he had been interesting himself in it as secre- try of A.M.A. Some four weeks ago new re- gulations came into force in which was a regu- lation that miners' tickets should not be issued outside a radius of 25 miles. Before this cause into force tickets were in certain districts issued outside a radius of 25 miles. The secre- tary of the Carisbrook and Majora branch had written to him asking him to assist Dr. Salmon, the member for Talbot, who was to ask a question relative to the regulation in the House. He went to the House, and the reply the Minister gave was that Mr. Mathieson had recommended that miners' tickets be done away with altogether. He (the Minister) would not do that, but the decision to limit the radius to 25 miles was agreed to with the concurrence of all the mem- bers of the Cabinet. The Minister also said he could not alter the regulation until the Pre- mier's return from England. He had also interviewed the Minister on the matter, and he asked him (Mr. Praed), as secretary of the A.M.A., to get the number of men who have been receiving tickets outside a radius of 25 miles. When Mr.Turner returned the matter would be brought before the Cabinet. He (Mr. Praed) had also received a letter from the Acting-Premier, stating that the matter would be brought before the Cabinet and be dealt with at a future time. Mr. Praed said he had also sent circulars relative to the matter to the mining and labor members. Mr. Collmann moved that the operation be granted and that the secretary be instructed to inform the Stawell branch that action is being taken by the A.M.A. The motion was carried unami- mously. THE MALMSBURY WATER SUPPLY.—At the meeting of the Miners’ Association last night a letter was read from Mr. Honeybone, town clerk, asking the association to appoint a repre- sentative on a permanent committee to be formed for the purpose of taking steps to urge on the construction of the upper reservoir at Malmsbury. The letter stated that it was thought advisable that such a committee should be organised with a view to keep this impor- tent subject prominently under the notice of the Minister of Water Supply until such work as we are now undertaking is an accomplished fact. Mr. Andrews moved that the president be appointed. He had already warmly supported the movement. Mr. P.S. Williams failed to see the use of such a committee. He could not see what the committee was going to do. The Minister had already stated that the work would be carried out as soon as the necessary funds were available. Mr. Collmann said it was a committee to watch events. Mr. Rowe could not see the slightest necessity for the com- mittee, and was of the opinion that it would cause a little expense. The secretary (Mr. Phillips) said it would require a great deal of pressure to carry it out. It was not necessary that the members of the committee should be going to Melbourne all the time. The purpose of the committee was to keep themselves well posted in respect to the matter. Unless the matter were kept well to the fore they would find that the Minister's promises were only made to be broken. He felt that more water might be wanted during the coming Summer. There was a terrible demand for water. It was a very important matter. (Hear, hear). The expense of a standing committee would be very light Mr. Marcollo remarked that they could not do better than keep in touch with the City Council in the matter. It would cause little ex- pense. Mr. Craddock moved as an amendment that the president for the time being be ap- pointed. Mr. Laity suggested that the secre- tary be appointed. He was always at the office and would be able to attend a meeting at any time. Mr. Rowe “But it will entail some ex- pense.” The president (Mr. White) said it would entail no expense. If he were appointed he would not run into any expense unless he first brought the matter before the committee. After further discussion the president was ap- pointed to act on the committee. LOYAL JAMES ROE LODGE—The first annual meeting of the Loyal James Roe Juvenile Lodge was held at the Temperance Hall on Monday evening, Bro. A. J. Pearce, junr., in the chair. The balance sheet was read by the hon. secretary (Bro. T. Dunn), and showed a profit for the first year of £10, which reflects credit on the officers. The election of officers for the next six months resulted as follows:— G.M., Bro. H. Oliver ; N.G., Bro. A. J. Pearce; V.G., Bro. G. Hill; E.S., Bro. C. Phillips, Warden and supporters were also appointed. Several nominations for membership were re- ceived. Should any of the adult members of the lodges in the district visit this lodge the juveniles will be very pleased to receive them. It is indeed a treat to notice the business-like manner in which they conduct their lodge. THE MINERS' ASSOCIATION AND THE BREAD TAXES. —“Should the association discuss poli- tical matters?” was a question asked at last night's meeting of the Miners’ Association. Mr. Walter Hurrell, of the Carlton branch of the Freetrade Democratic Association, wrote en- closing copies of resolutions carried at the last meeting relative to the injustice of the wheat and flour duties. Mr. Rowe moved that no action be taken. It was purely a political matter — a question of free trade or protection; and judging by past decisions could not be discussed. Mr. Collmann seconded the motion. The question of free trade or protection might divide the working classes again, and many developmental measures as a consequence might be thrust in the back ground. The Bendigo Labor Council had written to the different councils, asking them to take the matter into consideration as to whether any action should be taken. Some thought they should take up the question, while others were afraid that it would divide the working classes again. Mr. Phillips (secre- tary) said they would have a chance to hear Mr. Max Hirsch on these questions next week. Mr. Hurrell said something in his letter about “a cheap loaf for the working man.” He ques- tioned whether that was or was not the object. He would say of politics, “keep it away as far as you can when you have a congregation of mixed opinions.” The motion was carried unanimously. WATSON SUSTENTATION FUND CONCERT.— This very interesting event takes place at the theatre this evening. With such a laudable object in view, and with so attractive a pro- gramme, the theatre should be crowded. In addition to other items Mr. Ch. King is to play as a violin solo, Paganini’s celebrated tour de force for one string only, and Mrs. Mueller has most kindly placed her Bluthner grand piano at the disposal of the committee. A FAREWELL SOCIAL was given by Mr. and Mrs. R. Bell, of Quarry Hill, to Mr. F. Guy Mannering on his leaving Bendigo for the West. There were a large number of friends present. During the evening Mr R. Ford and Mr. A. Chapple were called upon to make presentations of a handsome gold locket and a valuable pocket book. Mr. F. Guy Mannering has been connected with photography in Eaglehawk for the last eight years. The death is announced of Mrs. Meehan, at Muswellbrook, near Newcastle (N.S.W.), at the age of 105 years. She come to the colony in 1850, and has resided in Muswellbrook since 1852. “AUSTRALIA TO ENGLAND” is a Jubilee poem by Mr. John Farrell, of Sydney. It originally appeared in the Sydney Telegraph, and is now published in booklet form by Angus and Robertson. PROPERTY SALE —Yesterday at his rooms, View street, Mr. J. H. Curnow sold a miner's right allotment, situated at Mt. Korong Road, with a small w.b. cottage thereon, on account of Mrs. E. A. Campbell for £80. The purchaser was Mr. W. E. Lewis. THE WEATHER.— The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’s yesterday were :—Thermometer.—9 a.m., 42°; 12 noon, 48° ; 3 p.m., 51°; 6 p.m., 48° ; maximum, 52° ; minimum, 36°. Barometer.—9 a.m., 28.98; 3 p.m., 29.85; 6 p.m., 29.87. The Misses Hattam and Brown announce their preparatory school at the Masonic Hall. Club swinging and calisthenics are taught on Monday and Thursday afternoons. 