THE GHOST OF R OKY HILL. In the quaint old town of Rockwood, in the . neighbourhood of Rocky Hill, stood an ancient farmhouse. An observing traveller might uave asked if, indeed, there wan anything ehe in the ' town but am ienb farm houses, and this par ticular. dwelling differed hut little in appearance v from its neighbours. , Tho prominent foaturo of this noted spot was*'hot its antiquity* but its ghost. ' xno gnosc 01 noosy run was nu enDrv lived delusion, but as chonnioglyj defiant of investigation as the moBt inveterato loVerof ghost lore cuuld have wished. In fact, t^e pld . house, build before the invasion of the British, would scarce have inupired a .passing thought V N . but for the occasional manifestation -of its. time-honoured spectre. For years it had struck terror to tho hearts of tho superstitious'And . exoited tho ouriusity of noil- believers, vlt was a ? , peuceablo spectacle, and seldom varied tbe order of its visitation, consequently tbe houso could l oaat of a long list of tenants, souie of whom lmd helped to establish its notoriety quite as much as tbe wraith itself. There were rumours thaTlhe houso had once been a rendezvous for tho British in. the troublous days of '76, and that murder had been committed within its walls. Lator, it bad boen ^ tenanted by a secood Bluebeard, whoRe three wives had succeeded each otherin suffering from his brutality and finally become insane, and terrifjiug tbe neighbour* till oven the ghost, sunk iijtu oblivion. But BIpebeard eventuallj - went theVay of all the earth, and the old house whs occupied from timo to time by tbe credu lous. »'hQ fled in terror from its unaccountable noises, and tbe incredulous, who resolutely iunored what tlioy' cuuld- not explain, and stoutly refused to believe in the supernatural. The most sceptical, however, ; when pressed ? for an opinion, were obliged to admit that there was something queer about the place. To a few facts rumour h&d; added many reports, until it was impossible to ascertain which were false and which were true. Doors were aaH to open and shut without the aid ot bands. Heavy bodies were rolled from oue room to another. Barrels bumped thoir way down the btairs. Tin war o rattled, &b; if falling to the floor. . The clanking of massive chains occasionally echoed through -the house. The print of a bloody v baud appeared upoif tbe wall Doleful moan-, ings were sometimes heard. Strange , to say, people seldom agreed in locating the noises. One would positively declare that they came from the cellar, whilo another with equal assur ance asserted that they came from the garret. Thus things had gone on from year to year, till at last ti'uporstition, time, and decay had ' done their work, and the house stood empty, About that' time, Silaa Pain's wife resolved to replenisfrthe family purse by takiug summer boarders.' jSilas was a worthy farmer who lived in tho heart of the wood, about two miles from tho haunted house ; the very last place one would have thought that a rich man would . have chosen as a summer resort for his daugh ters ; but one hot day in June, Dora and Cora Hayes, twin daughters of a Boston merchant, urrived, bag and baggage, at the Fain farm, uud were welcomed by tbo worthy couple who lived there with much good-natured bustle, and many injunctions to make themselves entirely at home. . The girls were delighted with their new quortere, and indulged in all sorts of rhap sodies over the rambling old house. ' You know,' said Dora, aftor one of these burnt* of eostacy, papa sent ns out here so that we could run wild this summer, and this is & darling place in whioh to bide away from /society I' ' Aunt Sally pinchod her rosy cheek, and told her to run wild to her heart's content. Aud run wild she certainly did. One day the girls were strolling thronghi the woods, whefl' *tbcy- ni^^cn|g..flniiif» fy? highway. ' I wonder where this road leads to Cora ( remarked, as she peered down the dusty cart path. ' I don't remember seeing that place be fore,' pointing towards a dilapidated house. 'Nor I,' answered Dora. 'Let's go and ascertain what it looks like.' 41 It's empty, as sure as you live,' answered Coro, a moment later, as she peeped cautiously through a broken window light. Just then a Rhadow fell acros? the path, and thu girls looked up to see the sun ? disappear in a big, black cloud. ' Oh, dear I It's going t:- rain, and ? . 'meroy knows how far ws are from home I What shull we do, Dora ?' ' ? Her sister closely soanned the heavens before ffho replied : *( It isn't going to b« much. Let's try to open this window— I'm just wild to see the inside of this old coop. The rain will be a good excuse for house- breaking,' she added, with a merrj laugh, By the time they had succeeded in forcing an entrance the rain was fallinz in largo drops. Tbqjjirla paused a moment to watch it patter against; tbe panes, and then began to explore the empty rooms. They bad hardly reached the second floor, however, when a heavy clap of - thunder caused them to return to the window, where they stood nnd gazed anxiously out at tho pouring rain. The black cloud was fast in creasing, and the wind blew furiously. 11 Ob, dear 1' exclaimed' Cora, thoroughly frightened. '* Just hear that awful thunder 1 \% wish we had gone home,instead of coming here.' Don't be. a goose, Cora! We should have been dreuched through. We must , make the bast of the situation. The rain- will soon held up.' 3ut the moments dragged along and the storm did not abuto ; on tlio contrary, jt in creased until it peemed-' as if the incessant crash of thunder would rend the very eartb. , Dumb with terror thegirls crouched in a dark corner of, the room and hid their faces in fr.h«?tr: ? bands to shut out the.gla*o «f LUb liglituiug.. Suddenly thoy spfaiigto their feet, exclaiming— .. What was that?' From some part of the house had come a . cmhitig sound, as if heavy chains rattled toji&tber.; For a moment the girls stared at one another in blank horror. Like a flush it dawned npon their minds that this wus the haunted houib of which theyhad ofteu board Auut Bally Bpealc. 'jComo 1' , whispered Dora, drugging her' shivering sister towards the window ; ' this is ' - awful 1 We mnst go at once.' As. she spoke, the whole artillery of the : heavens seemed to burst direotly overhead ; a terriflo cr»sh from some region below followed, .. and the old house quivered in everyj timber. ' 'Vyibh a wild scream the girls throw up the sash and 'leaped from the window. HalCan hour later thoy atoggqred into tbe Pain kitcheuj limp and exhausted. ? 11 'SJou poor dears 1' exclaimed Auut! Sally, as she gazed* at thoir blanched faces. ' The storm has frightened you out of your senses ; wherever have you J-een all . tbis time ? But there— don't stop to talk until you havo changed your clothes and'druiik somef hot ginger tea.' . When the girls, had \recovercd from theii fright they rehearsed, their ? adveuture to Aunt Sally, who listened eagerly. When tho story was' ended she drew a long breath, and rc« marked that there was something mighty curi ous about that house, aud she hoped the old thing; was shook clean off its foundation, though she didn't suppose anything short of lire would sottlo that' ghost, anyhow* ' But tlie haunted houso still loomed on the' ' brow of the hill the next morning* when Siliia ? Pain drove around to inspect the place, upoo whioh its absent ow;ner bad requested him ta have an uvo. vniia : uu, only I wafctthu uhif-M'»f-r for my . doll. Will v»i aive it iomuV . ? ' ?, ?' ? -X4.'. ? ? 1 V ' r' ' 