OCCASIONAL PAPEM ISAAC or mjus. ] lie nag a poor, dirty old man, aoi could not cook a bit. But be was kind, u<*d to make boats for us out of pd* : heads, ojtcriing the bill very wide, ma a kind of sail-mast of the top one. i Isaac's bread was blue, with iriteraj I little jelly pieces in it. My little sister« : to call them the "bread's" brain*. | Father kept Isaac just for our amusen ; He used to buy his own bread from ! township, and when favourable opport 1 ties occurred we used to steal it, bat ]*?t lambs would not even cat la bread. ! We girls (the only recollect ion I but my brother was that father made himt eighty miles with a mustard-planter os l back, and because it slipped and he si j it, he had not enough brains to takei! I nod there was a tremendous lot of oss ' isary talking about it) used to drift , lambs in a cart as bullocks to oS I Isaac's bread, and when the wheel cat* j we blamed over-loading for it. ka"! j awfully sorry for the cart, j Isaac was an inveterate punter, at i imjmrtaut race meetings he always pd "bit"' cn a horse. Some times he * win, but he never bought new elotliwf the money, and he never had a diw suit on. The only tiling Isaac objected to «* piano. Perhaps he ha a reason & never heard him grumble when M played, but 1 could not touch it bat he would say, "A beatin* and a ben aottin' and a sottin' at the inoosie»H days, me poor head a bammerin'. Fltfi 'ud the Hinny be a larnin' to wash! out here." , • We hated Isaac then. 'We used to«j thought we girls should be doing; tw» ing up. The idea of *%mric" u» nenae never struck o*. The sun was * as it sets in Australia, hot and netfh weary of its day's work. We w®6*! ting along the verandah when Ip*®* oat of the kitchen with a toww ^ arm, and a very dirty calico «P 9 side of his grey head. With one hairy, hire arm on with the other he pointed tor®1 "Thane's the way to the go^L Hinnies, "that's the way to the I city." | t Patsy was always mischievou*, a®» him ahe said: * " s' "D^ you mean where you a®"*1, cheaues to, Isaac?" -V . ''No, no, Hinnv. The^roldcn city» Tlie Great Hand thaip|de yon, P and the leetle birdies, end head (that's the boatittcre), Haud lives there, ft begone t» »Jt night when the sun ruos away-"^ 18 too tired to go, Hiniwea. -j Patsy had "Why are you t^faied, wort too much?" eyes on our sleeves. shitpicking «P™ for distraction's sake. ^ ,"No, no. Hinnies, bat Isaac UP that stiff le's almofct afraid carry him to the golden city# 00 left just in the rate." * . ^ try fury of-the sunset vainly endeavouring) a gain admittance into the coveted place. I [And 1 began giggling hysterically, then! iuder until i was m a fit of uncontrollable! [ughing and ciying at the same time. ; Dolly and Patsy cried more than ever, id said: r'You are positively -wicked." •Fortunately, Isaac was too much en -ossed with his problem to notice us just len. Father did not bother his head about hat we did. We used to resort to the rer every summer's evening to fish. Isaac buld take his place on the big flat stone >side the other four sisters. I never cared uch for Isaac, because he was mean lough to make me move further down the rer with the potato sack used for a fish g net; he said it frightened the fish -av. tie was a tiresome old man in many ways, pecially when we girls used to hold a gatta after sundown. One would take e fiat-bottomed boat, called the "Crazy ,ne," and Tilly would have the light boat, Hi the whole clan of girls as cargo by way a handicap. The one in the Crazy Jane would sit fac 5 the bow with a back-water stroke on. Isaac would set our nerves on edge and sitively make us feverish with irritation leaning over the fence, sboutiug out use s warnings every time we showed our ces. Patsy used to stand up in the bow of ly's boat, hanging on to the painter, kiss [ her hand in glorious defiance, with a rhtfufly hot face, at Isaac. Ve threatened to put "yabbies" and all ids of things in his .bed for revenge. ,t was terribly hot one day, so we all nt into me river wuu uut uuwura uu— rer (ook a single stitch off. The water pt up to our mouths, and we each dared i other to follow, which was an unfair ng, considering nobody could swim, and ill depended on your height. 5aac nearly went mad when he saw us iing up the high, sandy bank. He ught "we had all been tipped out of the Fe let him think it, too, because he was avs tormenting us so. And it did Isaac d to have something to really worry r. he morning Isaac could not get up to k the breakfast. He was ill. For a week was .very, very bad, and we missed ic, and we resented the baker's bread pur nursery table as a contemptible in ter. Poppet said it had no "brains," she refused to eat it, because it did not e like lemons. re held Isaac in sacred awe then—for he told us the Great Hand was beckoning im. We trembled as we approached his —there was something ghost-like about Jome to me, Ilinnies." he said. "Isaac is g away. But Isaac has left a new Peli bont, for ye. I was keeping it, I was, surprise. I was, for ye's, but maybe ye Idna find it arterwards. In the box >r the windy ye'll find it snug and Flicn arc you going. Isaac?" we asked, daybe when the Golden Gates be open, nics." 'atsy will watch and see," said Pop Ipen the windy, Hinnies. Maybe when e out o' the room Isaac will be stuck for want o' a hole to get out by " >o passing V>f Isaac seemed to distress so little—and altogether there was ?thiri£ so interesting about it we lost impression that this was Death, la! the Great Hand put the Token yet, pies?" m sky in the west is getting crimson," Patsy. Hi! and so golden!" cried little Pop ie earth looks so purple beneath," said rattic, why are you erring?" T asked, here will l>e such a big em])ty space mit Isaac," she sobbed. 'nder the mattress, Hinnies, there be rrand sum of nine noun—T roted the ont in ve favours, Ilinnies—T tpok the jess o' doin' it on the back of the purty > hook vi' the ba-lambs ye lent me." pae! Hurry!" cried Ponpet. "I never such a beautiful sky before." pn't 'ee l>e too reckless i the at Hinnies." ac! Isaac! Wait We will be d." e light has died away. Tsaac has gone ;h the gate." Then Poppet under 