CHAPTER III. The library more than made good the account given of it by its late owner. It contained everything in literature that could aid in making a man a modern Magian. Mr. Armytage spent nearly all his time there, reading and writing. The change in his habits and pursuits seemed to make a change in his character. A certain cheerfulness nnd playfulness of demeanour disappeared, and ne became grave and reticent, and to have an aversion to company. But he was evi- dently growing profoundly learned ; and. one cannot do that without making some sacrifice. On the other hand, it is difficult for society to dislike wealthy people, especially when one of the people is a beautiful girl, living In luxuriant surroundings. Accordingly, the Armytages had a great many visitors, or, in other words, Judith had plenty of admirers. She showed a talent for managing things, and the-household affairs proceeded in an orderly and handsome manner. Each guest was made to feel comfortable, and as if care- ful attention was being shown him or her ; at the same time no one was distinguished above the rest Mr. Armytage was uni- formly produced upon fitting occasions, and middle- aged gentlemen and ladies were on hand to ask him about his studies, and to express interest and appreciation for all he said to them. Altogether, it appeared to be a successful ménage. Among the guests who turned up with a certain persistence that showed a liking, for being there was John Revell, a man of thirty and upwards, who bad been.in the army. He had lived a nomadic and adven- turous life on his own account, and had sojourned several years in India He vos dark, quiet, and massive, with a large square head and eyes habitually introspective, bul. sometimes gleaming out in a. look of exceed- ing penetration. He would pace up and down the verandah with his hands in bis pockets, and his head bent; he would sit motionless for hours in acorner with a book ; he would of ten converse with Mr. Armytage, betraying an extraordinary familiarity with occult subjects ; he spoke little to Judith, but he watched ber quietly. One summer afternoon, ns she was walking alone on a path bordering the shore, he came up from among some rocks on the beach and joined her. .... "Who is this Mr. Noel Mar?" he asked her, after some general conversation. " Is he an old friend of your father's ?" : " We have known him about a year," said she, turning her head away. » " He resembles a man I once saw In India," continued Bevel], "He is much younger than this man would be now, but there is a strong likeness. He called himself Sartane. He was a rich man engaged in trade of some sort; but he was not in very good repute. He had an unusual familiarity with the life of some of the native people, and lt was said of him that he wus an adept in black magic. His end was rather odd." '< "What was lt?" asked Judith, who had listened with interest, . " He was found dead in his bungalow one morning,.with a knife between his ribs. At the InquoBt it was doubted whether he had committed suicide or had been murdered. The body was nailed up in the coffin, and left in charge to be buried the next day. But when they lifted the coffin to put it m the hearse, it was unexpectedly light, and they'opened lt. The body was gone, and wa« never found." ' , " It had been stolen?" vit would Beera so, but the seals were unbroken. The natives said he had come to life, and got out by arts known" to himself and the, Evil One. I was reminded of the story by your Mr. Mar." i " He ls not my Mr. Mar," said Judith, and, after;a pause, she added, " You never saw the former owner of our house, did you? " '? Revell shook his head. , "He was a retired merchant in the East' India trade. He told us that he had once killed a man. He, too, resembled. Mr. Mar very much, only he was a great deal older." " What became of him ? " asked Revell. " He died here. His body was found lying in that clump of cedars. There was no apparent i cause of death. , But he seemed to know that-he was about to die, for he had executed his will only the day before, and bad, left directions that his body was to be buried where it was found." They walked on in silence, and presently came to the cedar grove. It stood on a sandy knoll near the water. . Beneath the' largest tree there was a low. headstone, marking < & grave, though there was no inscription on it. But as they approached thev saw a figure stretched upon the ground -the figure of a mau. It was, in fact. Mr. Mar, who now rose and advanced to meet them with a smile. He was a fine-looking personage, still young, with deepest eyes beneath thick dark brows, and a narrow but lofty forehead. He was tall; and> slender, and his bearing was graceful and Insinuating. " The gentleman who. rests there bas chosen his place well,",he .remarked. "On a flne.mopnligbt night, one might expect, to see his ghost there, u , . " Ghosts sometimes walk by daylight," ?aid "Renell. f --.v " And do I look like one ? " rejoined Mar, laughing. . , V In i that case, I suppose, the ' proper thing to do ls to vanish, and leave the living , to their own devices. But be on your guard, for though I become invisible to the eye, I may haunt you still,'' So say- ing, with another laugh, he turned off amidst the shrubbery and was gone. After a. moment, Revell turned to Judith, and held.out his hands. "I love you,"/.he said in a deep voice. " Will you be,my, wife?',' . . , .1 : She looked.. searchingly into his eyes. " But can you save me ? " she asked. ; He ; only nodded,-and threw his arma around her. 