MUSIC&THE; DRAMA DRAMATIC A..D MUSICAL NOTES (BY TOUCHISTONE.) T'wvo attractions vied with each other for public favour with Launceston audiences during the week. At the Acadlcemy of Music the ciuclmatogra.phe has been shown, while Mr. John Gour lay produced "Skipped by the light, of the moon," and other pieces at the Mechanics' Institute. By-the-way, it was some time prior to Monday evening since the Mlechanics' Institute was utilised by a dramatic company. 1 remember wit nessing a performance of "LHamlet" by lcrr Ilandman, the German tra gedian, on the Mechaanics' stage. The leading lady of the company was Miss Louise Benudct, who has since made a reputation in comic opera in the United States. Miss Louise Crawford, who died some years since in India, was the Queen, and Mr. J. F. Cathcart the Ghost. Bandiman also produced "Narcise" and "Mlerchant of Venice" during his season in Launceston. Miss Louise Pomery presented such pieces as "The Lady of Lyons," "School for Scandal," and "As you like it," at the Mechanics' and the Montague-Turner company produced "Faust," "Lucia," "Mignon," and other operas. I re member Martin Simonsen mounting "Der F!reichutz" on the same stage,. but the incantation scene was neces sarily stripped of its impressiveness. "P'irates of .l'enzaane" was iirst pro sented ill Launcceston at the Mechan ics' by a company headed by Mr. 1. A. South, and "La F!ille du ''Tambour Major" was performed by Mliss Elsa \lay, ll iss Fanny Liddiard, the M isses IPlorrie a'nd :Bllanche Lewis, .ried. I)ark, Cecil iBurt, 1. L. Skinner, and otlhcrs. O(n I'.ihursday, .Friday, and SaLurd'ay Mrs. Potter, Il'. IKyrle lhellew, :and a stlrong drallmatic company commence 'ai brief season atl the Academy of \Music. The stars have just concluded a phenomenally successful season lhroug'h New Zeal'and. iu Ch ristchurch the caudiences were so Iarge that people 'were accommodated in the "wings" behind the 1'oot ligh ts. The two principals are so widely known that comment on tlheir capabilities is supcrtluous. The company includes Messrs. ,1. F. Cath iarl, ()lly )eerilng, Cyril Keighltly, \l ongt nmery, Misses Linda, llaymond, I 'olly lEmiery, aid others. f Inunceston lovers of music will be Sintclrested to eI'l,'Irn thait lMr. Hlollbbs, I who visited lihe city on several occa sions Is a meinlr of thlie Nwc\bury SIpdla Comnpan'y, contemplates leaving New Zenaland shortly for :London. Mr. llohhs has relatives in England, who arei widely known in musical circles. Several TI'lsmaniiiiillis are members of 1 lMr. lenry Br'acy's Comic Opera. Coin I iiny, which opened iat the Lyceum \- 'lheatre, Sydney, recently. 1'rom Ip'plers to haind, it is graitfying to learn liat tlh i prformance of tilhe iniitial production, "The Bleggar Stu L' dent," goes smoothly aind well, and l- he audience on the first night, be f cmine very enthusiasttic, so muclh so fln I tlie opening choru's was encored. \- The orchestra., conduc ited by IM] r. George F. Pack, is strong, and plays \- well, it and the fresh-voiced chorus I being powerful faclors in the snc cess of the production. IMr. l.macy ap Ipear's in his old part of Simon Io onuinovichi, and was the gay, hand somen heggar studlent to the life, I singing his rg'fe share of the music I1leasi gly, anid being frecqunently en (.ored. Iil the part of Conrad Ma litlki, the second studlenl, rml . C. Syd ney a.lfe, lante of llolrlt., was iama t1 ieuish in his nactingf, bul, showed a 1 nice tenor voice, and looked well. Owing to the illness of Mri. Knight x Aston, who was to have appleared as tlhe bomblistic Colonel Ollendorf, Mr. John F. Forde had to take the part (his original character) at short no lice. His acting caused amusement, but it fell to the lot of Mr. Albert SlWhela.n to a.rouse the greatest mer riment by his assumnption of the 'role' of the Countess's hunigry servant Onuphrie. His mimicry of Mir. Knowles's singing of "On the benches in the park" brought the house Sdown. Mrs. 'Bracey showed her ex 1 pericnce as an actress in her old part of the haughty and worldly-minded Countess Norval.sk, ,ut. her singiing was less excellent than her actling. The rMisses Mabelle Darley and Julin Spencer appeared as the daughters of the Conitess, Laura and Steplhnia, and were fairly good. The foirmer has a soprnio voice of good compa.ss, hut Ilacking fullnessC, and the latter hls less qualification as a. singer. SOtlheir alts were tnaken by Miss Nina Oshorine, Messrs. Fred. Wentimworthi A. lh'lhiotti'o, etc.. and Miss Minnie SEviredte is the leander of the hballet. SThe production is enjoyable, and worth seeing. \iMr. Clhmrles Hollownvy. the well iiknown nctor, who ihas beci nin in n mtc of a private hospitanl in S.dlney t for 2 days. snuft'erinig from rheumatic gout. left the institution convalescent recently. and iproceeded to Sydncey. I'n route' to Queensland, to rejoin his S\\\illi:im.on and llmsgr'ove hnrave .e ,-- -- cured the Australian rights of "The Gay Parisian." This bright and sparkling musical comedy has passed its 300th night in 'blase' New Yol. Artist Tennyson Cole and [rs. T.C." are singing at concerts out in South Africa, for which they get great praise. When the l]rough Comedy Comn pany tecrinate their present M[el bourne season it is intended to visit Nesw castle, Brisbane, Sydney, Ade laide, and New Zealand. After that the curtain falls, and the Broughs remain in memory only. Mliss .l(ate Vaughan (says the Syd ney. "Telegraph's" correspondent) has returned to London from Australia and New Zealand "blithe and bonny," and so greatly benefited in health by her six montdhs' absence that she con templates an early return to the stage. Tl'he indelartigable Damn lIarry, ac companied by his manager (lMr. Dick son), has returned to Mlelbourne after a protracted tour of the northern colo nies, where lie was accorded a hearty welcome. It, appears that he has been disappointed in his efforts to obtain the Alexandra, and consequently is preparing to have another trip in the country. it, is reported that hr. Carlyle Smythe is doing his utmost. to per suade "lan Maclaren" to visit Aus tralina and New Zealand in .1 SOS for a lecturing tour. Strange to say, the Scotch papers are bitterly sarcastic concerning Mltr. \Vatson's recent American tour. Ahr. ]3land TIolt has scored another triu?mph with his spectacular mnelo drilnu. entitled "The Derby Winner," now runniii ng ati the Melbourneo Theatre Royal, which has been crowded nightly since it, was staged here. Signor anl Signoral Coy should lienlil, materially by the concert tendlered to tlhemn in Melbourne re cenutly. The Tl'own H.lln contained a large, brillint, anid clthusiast.ic audi nlice, including his E1xcellency the (overnor and Lady Ilrassey, Sir wV. .1. and ]Lady Clarile, and other no ltales. 2A long prlgralnini consisting enitirely of \ocol mnlsic inclulded opern tic exeerplt.s tlhl, lose largely by being' riemollled fIrom their sltage surrolnd ings, lutu, still appairently have plenti fiul ldmirier, even when il'produced IIuider coi' npl tiivliely disail.a\'lilitag'eoius ciri'cuillistaiies, suci h, for inlstalice, is the silbstlititiol of an ielcomplanying pinoiforto for l:he orchestra. The Coys (says Ilie, ":Aust?lr..lsialn") were welcomedl with lould nllii long aplplause as they stepplled logethelir on to the pihl forii to sin g the familiar "Parigi o Cain'.'" duet from "L Tri'aviata,'' and the fiinal lnote was the signal for vigor ois? tolkens of aplproval, which were 'olut.iniuedl iuntil Signor Lnd Signora Coy hlul bieni kelpt howing aieknow ledgnlients for so?lll t inm. "Rfolerto, O T'uI Che Adoroi," from "Rolberto ii DIinvolo," as siiung by Sign'iora Coy, Ibroilghutl, the hIouse: down, and after lieinlg nladen withln more floral tributes hliin shll counl possibly carry, the recipient was persuaded to give as 1 enllc(orle tlordigra.ndi's Giov\anottin. Signor (Coy hesiles talking part, in the Itabove-mnllinellel i duet, aind al.so ill. oilierl' conieenr'ld numbers, sing tmhe Ioeni solo in Cnee's hulinmorous "Ital i:ni Sunlld.'' the chorus work being un tdeilltkein y the Royal Metropolitan Iiederltifel, conducted bly Mr. Ernest \Wood. 