UNITED METHODIST ASSOCIA TION FOR THE PROMOTION OF HOLINESS. The monthly gathering of the above association was held in the Mission Room, Centenary Hall, on Saturday last. There was about the usual number present, and a good sprinkling of ministers. The Rev. E. Masterman occupied the chair, and the secretary opened with prayer. After a few testimonies had been given by those who were trusting for full salvation, a very pointed and definite address was delivered by Mr. Parker, of New Zealand. Mr. Parker having ex pressed his pleasure in being pre sent,^ having heard much about the association in the past, went on to show the immense advantage to the in dividual and the church in living a holy life. Such a life having a deep influence upon, and connected with a man's business, church and home life. Believ ing, as he did, that in every meeting for the promotion of holiness, there were some desirous to enter into and enjoy this fuller life, he would briefly point out a few truths which might prove helpful to those present. He then pointed out (J) That full salvation or holiness was a distinct blessing from justifi cation. He would not in any way seek to minimise the vast advantages derived through justification, but there was a vast difference between that and 8anctification, whilst both iwere obtain able by faith, yet the one was offered to the sinner and other a special heritage of the saints. (2) Consecration is not sanctification. There is as much differ ence between the two as between re pentance and justification. The one was the human part, the other, the divine. Consecration meant a giving up of ourselves, body, soul, and spirit to God. Sanctification, an act of God in cleansing our souls from all iniquity. (3) Sanctification was for the young as well as the old. It was not the mere re ward of years of ripened service, other wise it could ngt be by faith, but a blessing which every young convert might enjoy to help his spiritual growth and fit him for service. A child exempt from disease, being more likely to grow and be useful than one tainted and decrepid. So, when cleansed from the disease. (4) Sanctification meant fitness for fulness, There was a difference between a vessel being cleansed and filled. Many were cleansed; but not filled with the Holy Ghost. When a man's heart was cleansed from sin, then the Holy Ghost delighted to dwell therein, and use such a one for. Hia glory. Such a state of grace would not exempt a man from trial or temptation, but such was not sin unless yielded to. Christ was tempted. If the blessing was obtaininable by faith, it was obtain able noiv. 