A CORSICA# BRIGAND'S ■'FATE." : On May IT M; Deibler 'guillotined a Oorsi can' brigand named Manaccia 'at Bastia (says tlio correspondent of the London Daily Tele graph). [ Manaecia \vas found guilty of having shot several persons, and was one of the most dangerous marauders ; in the ' " maquis,',' or bush. The guillotine was taken from, the out house of the.Tocal'theatre' at 2'a.m.y ah'dwas put up on the Place d'Armes in the presence of a large crowd kept hack by formidable contin gents of troops and gendarmes-., These pre cautions were especially necessary, as it was thought thai some of Manaccia's wrld brethren' from the bush "would make a desperhte attempt to rescue him at the last moment;All ^passed 'Off, however,;; without '"any:demohsirratioh on the part of the bushrangers, 'who''were, no doubt, awed by thequantity of'cold steel gleain ingrourid the guillotine. ; The brigand Manaccia was sound1 asleep and snoring heavily when M. Arrighi, acting for the Procureur General, ordered him to be ; aroused. - The" .bandit bounded from , his, iron - cot hat'the 'dreadful summons,! and then fell' back- half dazed as' he saw the cell crowded with'people,' and 'realised that liishour . had 'come., 'Doctor Saliceti, attached to the prison;- gave him' a glass of Chartreuse, which1 he eagerly drank, and . then plaintively exclaimed -' Ikis not possible 1 The President otthe'RepubHobahndthave rejeeted my appeal for pardon* for T killed nobody;' I am innocent of the crime of 'murder,' T, tell you all." Deibler and his men next appearedhahd' the. bandit aUbwed ^himself :to :. be ihanacled without resisting. He' then heard'Mass,'and listened to the exhortations qf 'Abbe'Ilisterucci,. the prison chaplain, who' urged him to repen tance.': : Shortly after,4. o'clock the• condemned man was put into, a vehicle by Daibler's men, and was conveyed to'the Place d'Armes.' Manac cia was as pale as a ghost as ' he emerged'from the huge van, refusing the help'of Deibler and' ,bf 'the chaplain. ' After 'a long terrified look at the guillotine and a glance at . the crowd assembled to see him die, the, bandit was put down on tho " bascule" • and his head was soon off. Brothers (of. Mercy," cowled and girdled, recited the prayers for the dead around the_ guillotine and- afterwards carried, the re-i mains to the cemetery, where the bandit's friends were assembled for theinterment. ' The people who had-; thronged! the' Place d'Armes went away from the spot deeply'impressed, many of them saying prayers'aloud for ,the re pose-of-the" brigand's soul. '' Deibler and his men do not seem to' have been" molested by anybody while fulfilling their.'task^ and will no doubt come "away' from -Bastia convinced that Corsican bandits are to be feared less' than the Paris or Lyons -Anarchists, who have been troubling thpmfor;yearsl :'- -;"']' 