[?] —Edited by' VIVIENXE' GOSSIP OF THE DAY. DO.OUB WOMEN TIPPLE? That little article from sin English journal published in last; Sunday's Times about women who drink iB, I regret to say, as applicable to Sydney as it is to London. The average person has no idea of the amount of tippling that goe3 on in our society. It is the custom to drink at table ; indeed, my experience is that it is only an exceptional case in which you find the women refuse wine, and I have often seen tiie young ladies keep pace with the men, and grow merry as the dinner pro ceeded. Girls should be vory careful, and parents should discourage the custom. A fashionable tea room where stimulating refreshments are provided on the sly ' should also be avoided. Beiug weak or j finely struug, we acquire a taste for (spirits I far readier 'than men, and as we find it, almost impossible to change our habits we should be always on guard. It does not take long to stagger from the diuingroom to the gutter. SOME THOUGHTS FOR OUR GIRLS. I find in chatting with girls that the duties attending upon matrimony are very generally misunderstood. We all look forward to marriage. It is our destiny, and society is so constituted that after a certain age single blessedness — or cursed ness — is a reproach. Disguise it how we will, we cannot get away from facts, or hide our age. The laws and customs are such that few women can be independent; they must walk hand in hand with the sterner sex. Wifehood then being our highest aim in life, surely we should make every preparation for it. We should learn how to manage every department of a home, and to understand tlie rearing and training of children, and, above all, we should try to be of assistanco to our husbands. Tho average girl seems to think that there must bo nothing but happiness after marriage, aud that it is the duty of a husband to surround her with every com fort, to see that her every fancy is gratified. Of coarse that is to a certain extent a man's duty ; but then a woman should not think in that way. On tho other hand, if she wants to make a success of marriage, she should believe that it is her duty to be a support to her husband, and to surround him with every comfort. A good girl can do wonders iu that way. I havo known instances where girls have smartened ud roal failures, given them courage and new life, and made a success of them after ail. A man's wife should be his best friend, and his home the place where he desires to exhibit all the trophies he wins in a cold, unsympathetic, cut-throat world. If a womau trie3 to make a man happy and to understand him, depend upon it ho will return the compliment. THE STORY OF THE NEW SERVANT GIRL. I hear that the social status of the servant girl ha3 been raised to a very high degree in the-country, and although visitors are alarmed, things are all the better for tho change. I had a letter this week from a friend who lives iu the country. She had been without a girl for weeks, and she advertised in the local papers. One evening there was a rapping at the hall door. Her husband responded, and, on opening the door, he beheld au attractive young lady on the mat. ' She. inquired for me,' the letter runs, ' and George showed her into the drawing room. She was dressed in the latest style. She handed me her card, and after we had exchanged some formal remarks about the weather, and sho had complimented me on the surroundings of our house, she said : I hear you want a girl ?' ' I said' yes; 1 am in a defcperate state. It will be awfully kind of yoa if you can recommend someone.' ''Do yoa think I'd suit?' she a3ked, with a charming smile. ' ' What could I do ? I wanted to say no, fori felt sure she wouldn't, but I hadn't courage. Without changing our relations iu any way I said it would be very kind of ' her if sho would come, and told her the duties. ' ' Very good,' she said ; ' I will send my boxes to-morrow/ and we parted, just aa I would part from any other lady, '? Wheu she had gone I looked at George, aud George looked at mo, and then he laughed outrageously. I was hurt; aud he 'said I should write to her instantly saying I had been suited, and was very sorry. But I would not give in, though I did not sleep much that night. The young lady came punctually, and she is with me still, and I hope she will never go. I never had a better girl or one who showed a nicer understanding of her position. She is courteous, and in no way forward. She attends all the balls, and there is not a better dressed girl in church ; but she does her work and puts me to no inconvenience. She makes her own dresses, and I find saves her money.' Is this not what we have dreamt about all these years ? A statue should be erected to that girl, for is she not the herald of liberty ? I am afraid though she would not suit many ladies, for some expect their girls to have no souls and no pride. . But the change which is being worked in the country, will some day come over the cities. It is all the result of the spread of j education aud newspapers aud literature. Good women need not fear. A good mis tress has always good servants. THEY GO, SEE AND CONQUER. They are making a great fuss over the American belles in London. One leading j majgazine gives a seriers of portraits of American girls who are in the thick of society and carrying all before them. The advantage they have over the English girl is clearly explained by the fact that American girls are piquante, smart, and bright, and also generally rich. When they entered into the arena with English girls they saw and conquered completely. Even suppose the English girl has superior attractions, she is generally weighed by the disadvantage of tlie law of entail which provides that the eldest son shall succeed not only to all landed property, but to a proportionate income on which to keep it up. Money is everything nowa days in England, as well as in Australia and America. English society has long since ceased to inquire into the origin of fortunes, and it may be the same some day in Australia. Our girls are as fond of titles as anyone. I have never known a woman who persuaded her husband not to accept a title. Snobbishness is said to have first sprung to light in a Republican country; it is rampant iu American society, and I need not try to measure its extent in Australia. THE TELEPHONE AND INSANITY. I wasn't surprised to notice from the report of the state of the insane and the increase of insanity in the colony that a large proportion of the lunatics come from tha area within which telephones are rampant. I had never seen it stated before that the telephone was a cause of insanity, but now that the discovery is made I can quite understand it. I have seen it drive people real crazy. I should not wonder if those who have telephones in George- street, for instance, are more or lesB dotty. Wheu the 'buses and cabs are on the blocks in the afternoon I defy anyone to hear. I have tried time after time to send a message to a friend, aud given up the attempt with a splitting headache. Those blocks are a disgrace to the city. ! They show that the Municipal Council is a wooden-headed body. Our telephone service is wretched, iu my opinion. Others pay think differently, but I would not have the contrivance in my house for love or money. There is a rage for it just now among ladies in the suburbs, where one is thought to be a nobody if one hasn't a telephone, you know, ? It is juntas well to be a nobody as to be an inmate of Call&u; Park. AN ARTIST'S LIFE. The artist in Sydney is having a parti cularly bad time of it just now. There is not the ghost of encouragemeut. The absence of Miss Eaditn Walker is felt. When she went there were few picture buyers left. The average wealthy mau has a contempt for Art as expressed in painting. He doesn't understand it, and, so far, ifc has not become fashionable here to have originals on one's walls. Go into tho best houses and you will seldom find a valuable picture. Society doss not visit the Art Gallery and rave about lights aud shades. They know actors and musicians aud titled individuals, but artists' names are unknown to them. I really believe it is worse in Melbourne. Have you ever seen the portraits of local celebrities they have there in their gallery ? At first sight one is inclined to laugh, and then one feels sorry. There are no picture buyers in the country, and Art teaching is confined fco the boarding-schools. Aud such instruc tion ! It would not be a bad thing if our local artists could arrange for an mnual exhibition in the big country towns. Just now, with the drought, the Bxperiment would fail, but the idea might be kept in view. Art as a profession is madness, aud Art for Art's sake is foolish if one hasn't an independent income. ' A MAN OF THE WORLD.' How distressing it is to see young fel lows, clerks in banks and city offices, passi ng is 'men of the world.' I atu sick of the jhrase. Their idea of a man of the world, [ fear, is one who knows all the barmaids ;n town, and cau talk about horseflesh. Now, the plain truth is ' the man of the world ' is no good ; he usually ends by going to gaol or to Uiu JNick, tor whom we should have much sympathy. If he has to entertain all 'the men of the world,' he is sufficiently punished for his reckless ambition. A man of the world is one who causes sorrow in his home and breaks his wife's heart. Give me the man of the hearth. — M.A. 