RELIGIOUS SERVICES. Wesleyan City Mission.— The anniversary concert was held in the Wesleyan Hall, Forest street, last evening, and was well attended. The chairman of the mission (Mr. J. B. Ed- wards) presided. A splendid programme of vocal and instrumental items was gone through. Solos were effectively rendered by the Misses Lowe Hall, B. Manning and Barrass and Mr. Stanfield. Mr. Hull recited “Christmas at the Workhouse,” and Mr. Skillicorn “Out of the Old House, Nancy.” The glee party, Messrs. Bishop, Smith, Miller and Skillicorn, and the Misses Barrass, Manning, Eames and Willan, sang two glees —“Where art Thou, Beam of Light,” and “Five Times by the Taper Light” —very creditable. During an interval the secretary (Mr. Thomas) read the annual re- port. It stated that the Quarry Hill mission had been sufficiently developed, and the com- mittee deemed it best to ask the circuit at the quarterly meeting to take over the work. An active committee had charge of this work, and they trusted that before long a property would be secured and a church fully established. They had opened a hall near the gasworks, and up to the present had received great encouragement. A school had been opened, and there were now 40 children on the rolls. The evening service, conducted by the No. 1 band, had assumed such proportions that additional room was now re- quired. The attendances at the Gospel Hall, Dowling street, varied greatly, and at times taxed the patience of the workers. The Sun- day school in charge of Miss Martin, showed an improvement in attendances and general re- sults, and the Creek street school was also im- proving. The finances were not as good as they could wish, but this would be remedied if friends would only give in their names as monthly subscribers. Miss Martin, Bible woman, gave a short but interesting resume of the work done during the year. Votes of thanks were passed to the subscribers, and to the evangelistic bands and brass bands for assis- tance during the past year. Bible Christian Church, Long Gully.— The anniversary was celebrated on Sunday by three well attended services. The Rev. R. S. Carson preached in the morning from 2nd Kings, 2nd chapter, 6th verse, “And they too went on.” The Rev. A. Powell preached in the afternoon, his text being, “Resist not the Holy Ghost.” The first point to be considered is (the preacher said) the immense value of the Holy Ghost, and what its distinct feature is. Christ’s death on the cross made holiness to us a possibility, but the Holy Ghost makes it a reality. When anyone comes to Christ confessing their sins and asking forgive- ness the Holy Ghost is given to him, and going into his heart makes his holiness a reality. The Holy Ghost gave to the disciples the power of prophecy and the power to forgive sins. We should all be careful not to resist the Holy Ghost. The importance of the Holy Ghost was shown when Christ said to His disciples, “It is expedient that I go away, for if I go the com- forter, even the Holy Ghost, will come, and when it is come it will teach you all things, and be with you for ever.” Christ had been with them for a short time as an external Saviour, but the Holy Ghost is an internal Saviour. In order that the work of the Holy Ghost should succeed, there must be co- operation. It is one thing to be convinced of sin, and another to turn from that sin. There must be your co-operation with the Holy Spirit for you to be able to resist the sin. If you yield to the spirit’s influence, it will mean that you become converted and lead a life of use- fulness and humility—that order is made out of chaos. At each service the choir, under the baton of Mr. F. Williams, rendered special sing- ing in excellent style. Miss Norris accompany- ing on the organ. Last night a concert was given, under the conductorship of Mr. C. H. King. The attendance was very large, and the chair was taken by the Hon. J. Sternberg. The first piece was a selection by the Long Gully Male Choir, which was given in a telling style, and a serenade, “Sleep on,” received capable treatment from Miss Annie Perrin. Arias by Miss Ni Gan mid Miss Ethel Hampton were very highly appreciated, and the song, “Out on the Deep,” by Mr. Stanfield, was sung with feeling. Two violin solos were given by Mr. C. H. King, and the audience applauded clamorously. Songs, “Ship Ahoy,” by Mr. Hocking, and “The Fog Bell” were also applauded. A recitation by Miss Ethel Osborne, and a song by Mr. Sharp were both highly appreciated, and en- cores demanded and given. Miss Lillie Sharp gave an exquisite rendering of Bellini’s “Qui La Voce,” and received great applause. The accompaniments were capably played by Miss Lizzie Trevean and Miss Lottie Pinder. 