THE SKETCHER With the Cape York Prospecting party—XI. Being an Account of a Trip from Cape York to the Carron Range, with Various Peninsular Sidelights. PART II.—(Continued.) By M.W.S. The Cape York Aboriginals—a Short Account of their Customs, &c.;, with a Few Words of the Different Dialects. The religion of the Cape York natives is very similar to that pertaining to the Australian tribes generally. As regards the next world they believe in the trans migration of their souls into the bodies of white men. Of course this is a re cently manufactured belief coincident with, but certainly not preceding, the arrival of white men. And it is not alto gether a doctrine of transmigration, though I have seen.somewhere a state ment that a tribe took possession of two white men and meant to keep- them pri soners because they thought the white men were returned warriors who had died, been clothed.again in a. tegument of white, but could not resist the temp-' tation of revisiting'the scenes of their blackfellow existence. If there be any truth in this aboriginal belief, what a vista of conjecture it opens up !—one very reasonable conjecture being that those white men who, like yours- dif fidently, find their life lines drawn in more or less constant contiguity to the blacks, have been members of that de spised rsfce A generation back, and, "jumping" into human life again In distant lands, could not resist the occult power that drew them over land and sea and out of every station in civilised Hfo back towards the haunts of their previous but forgotten existence. From all that I could pick up after much questioning I do not think the belief is general that they, the natives, will come bade as wnite men to this world —that it, to this world as they know it. Indeed, I was positively assured by one rather intelligent boy that their future life will be spent somewhere in worlds amongst the stars.. They have no post: mortem hell, although they have a very picturesque devil, who, however, en tirely confines.his operations jto this world. The statement that they have no idea of a Supreme Being is certainly incorrect, though their idea is vague and not very mystical. Like the devil, their god does not seem to have any thing of Importance to do with them after death, when they apparently shake themselves free of everything re lating to this life or its acts, and make « fresh start. "The Great Big Man" who lived a long time ago, and who was different altogether—though in what way they cannot explain—from, other men, made the land and the sea, and jftyrs and moon, but the sun seems to have been there before the Big Man of their mythology. Bat the principal work of the Big Man was in scooping out holes from the earth for fhe oceans to lie in, and sliuging great areas of land here and there, some into the water to make Islands, some on to the dry ground to make mountains. The Big Man lives yet somewhere, but He has long ceased to take any interest In his people.- This is not quite a god, bpt it is getting on towards It. The devil, on the other hand, takes altogether too much interest in them and their goings and comings, and frightened as some of my countrymen would be, frightened as I was myself in my youth, to pass an "airy" place (eerie, I suppose, is the proper word) at night and alone, the Cape York natives are much more afraid of anything and everything that makes a sound which they cannot ex plain. They have • absolutely no moral backbone at all, but utterly col lapse if anything weird or unusual or temporarly inexplicable occurs to them during the night. Under the circum stances, the mystical side of this life being entirely composed of horrors. It is not to be wondered at that, they have eliminated hell, even fdr their enemies, \- from their speculations concerning the next life. When a man dies the nearest female relative carries around with her. some mementoes of the departed—a few small bones, some shells maybe, or a spear point or other such belongings. By-and-by the ghost (" umboypu" in the Gudang language) comes along at some evening time, when the cockatoos are screeching In the trees, and, taking possession of one cockatoo, makes it fly over to a tree near where the relative site, and per media of the bird he oaks her to give him the bone belonging to hte foot or ut« hand, and the spear point that be needs to catch the kangaroos in the world he ha* gone to. I have seen a native woman crouching sorrowfully under a tree with her eyes turned up towards a screeching cockatoo in the branches. No one Interfered with her or wen-t near her or listened to the words she 6poke from time to time while "cocky" took a breath. It was the " ghost'vt,f her bo? telling her liow things were wJtti hini In the strauge country beyond, and asking for some •tiring? of his that she had in her posees «km. By-and-by the bird flics away— she has made a promise to do all that ,i* asked—and coon after 4he goes away to. a .certain plaoe and buries a bone 'orA^ > 8^ > l''.or^B^iQ.^l&^r'dTt^e,;''bttt.-her lieart. oetrays iher promise at the-laic . niomeut—dhe cannot bury them all or sho will never hear from her boy again, and next time the cockatoo, or rather t;he- guost of- her boy, upbraids nor with .'tor treachery, and says bitter things which make the heart of the mother eoro within her, and again she promises, and again she only partly performs. This goes on till the last article is placed laiceording to the Instructions of the spirit, that speaks through the \v!hite cockatoo. Aud then the dead ha 9 gone for ever. Truly a strange phantasy, and yet it shows more of a mental origination and a more vivid Imagina tion than we would be Inclined to credit the natives with. It may be added that the men neve* carry round any remains or relies of wife or brother or comrade. The nrevalent mode of bury ing or rather disposing pf the dead was to sun-dry the body laid on saplings or from a tree. The crows nud Mwks sometimes hastened the. work of decomposition, but a nut-class funeral, consisted hi letting the bones get tare through the sole agency of time and weather, and then they were buried in the ground, save some portions pre served as mementoes by the female re latives. While one of those "funerals" was iv progress if a person struck the lee side of that camp he would en counter an Invisible opposition that would lay him out quicker than a spear or a policeman's baton, gome ghostly occult influence ? No ; olfactory ! At Cape York this 3s r.ll in the past tense ; now they bury their dead in the sand, and the* cockatoos carry few messages from the departed. Among some of the Eastern tribe* below the Batavia tKe bodies of the dead are sometime* burn ed, and here and there through the north the dead are occasionally eaten by their relatives, not as cannibalism, but as a religious ceremony. . Note.—To prove that canniballdm ex isted on the mainland as well as on ail the Torres Straits islands, Mr. Jardine eaya ttat he saw on more than one oc casion Jn the sixties, natives carrying round human flesh In bodcets, some of it cooked and some raw. They mado no attempt to conceal their gruesome tucker, and Mr. Jardine states that tlic custom of cannibalism was then quite general. lam Indebted to the same gentleman for the information that he had 800 and odd names of fighting men w!ho were living north of the Jardine River In 1800, and about the same time he counted out one by one the men, in cluding, boys who had passed the "bora," taking part in a corroboree near Peak Point, and they totalled 570. (To be continued.) 