NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. A Theatrical Marriage BY ELDER BRUCE. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XX (Continued). ' Then, why did you marry me,' she said, ' You must have known I could not be a lady all at once, so why did you marry me.' I was in the mood for plain speaking at all hazards, but when I looked at her quivering face, her flashing eyes, I half hesitated as to the wisdom of answering her question. I shrugged my shoulders. 'Why did you marry me ?' I said. ' Oh, I will tell you in double quick time. 'I married you,' her voice trem- bled so that she paused for a second. 'I married you, fool that I was, because I thought being a lady and having nothing to do would be nice, and I was sick of the life with Jim and Susie. But I never cared one straw for you, Jerry,' she paused again breathing heavily and then added, with a long sobbing sigh, 'for I liked some one else, much better, a man, not a boy.' The time when an avowal of this kind could have caused me any pain had perhaps passed, but I certainly felt great astonishment, followed by fierce anger, as I realised that from the very beginning she had hoodwinked me. All thoughts of mercy left me, and I determined to answer her as fiercely as she had answered me. ' I made your acquaintance,' I said pitiously, 'and followed it up, with but one object in view, and finally made a fool of myself and married you. It was to stop my father, Colonel Fitzgeorge, from marrying you. I was in hopes I could find out something that would convince him of the absurdity of the idea, and I lost my head over you, and married you myself, which you can't regret more deeply than I do.' I looked at her as I had finished speak- ing. She had turned very pale. 'Did Colonel Fitzgeorge !'—(her voice faltered over his name)—' mean to ask me to marry him ?' she said at last. 'Yes, I believe so,' I returned moodily. After a few moments pause she sprang to her feet, tearing her wedding ring off her finger threw it on the ground, and then sinking back on her seat she burst into tears, such tears as I had never heard before, sobs in- termingled with moaning cries that did not sound human, but more those of a wild animal in bodily torments. ' What is the matter now ?' I said drearily, watching the ring whirl rapidly for a few paces on the floor and then subside. More sobs and cries was the only answer. ' You see, Willie, I said, ' going to the theatre was a game not worth the candle, it only causes scenes and makes us both say what we may regret in calmer moments. Stop crying, there's a good girl, you will only make your self ill.' I picked the ring up as I spoke, with a vague thought of putting it on her finger again, but when she spoke I compromised matters by placing it on the table next her. ' Go away,' she cried between moans and sobs, 'go away, that's you, you've spoilt my life you wretched selfish boy.' As I heard her I felt melting, abso- Iutely melting, no anger, sorrow or surprise, just dead blank indifference. 'I never want to see you again,' she went on, ' That's you. you've spoilt my life, I cared for him and he cared for me ; I used to think he did till he went away, oh dear, oh dear, what shall I do !' It was the Colonel she loved then. This was a great blow to me, for I realised suddenly what the trouble of my interference had been. I was to a certain extent responsible. I looked at her with a species of contemptuous pity. Where was the use of these heroils. She was not the only person who had a torn aching heart 'Why did you marry me,' I said miserably. 'You know yourself you encouraged my proposal.' I have thought since that it was a wrong speech on my part, but she did not resent it. 'I was so miserable, so wretched when he went away without a word ; it seemed nonsense to think that he could ever care for me. I was desperate, reckless, possessed of a devil, Jim would have said, and that made me marry you.' ' Well it's too late now, so we must make the best of it,' I said with a philosophy I was far from feeling, 'and if I have spoilt your life, you have spoilt mine, so we can cry quits on that score at least ; if I could undo the past I would most cheerfully,' but— I finished with a despairing shrug of the shoulders. 'You wretched selfish boy, I hate you, I wish I had never seen your hateful face,' she cried, after sobbing and moaning for several more minutes, nor would she say anything more than this. I tried possibly in a half-hearted way, comforting her, reasoning with her; all in vain, only the one answer. 'You wretched selfish boy, I hate you.' Feelirg in need of some moral sup- port and comfort myself I quickly wearied of abuse administered in so monotonous a form, and left the room while she continued to give way to her grief and temper in the noisy ostenta- tious way so indicative of the class to which she belonged. The night before at the club, a rather pleasant young fellow named Fenton had said to me, 'If you were a bachelor Fitzgeorge, I would ask you to join me in a trip to Drury, we could stay a couple of days, I recalled this now, and determined to find him out, and arrange to go at once. It was a way out of a difficulty. I was sure it would be better for Willie and me not to be together till we had both cooled a little and were more prepared to pick up the tangled threads of our lives as best we might, and, to adopt a commonplace form of express- ion, make the best of a bad business. I went in search Mrs. Elder first, and put Willie under her care for a couple of days, then I telephoned to Fenton that I was at his disposal should he be in the same mind, and on receiving a reply to the effect to get ready to start, I scribbled a few lines in pencil to Willie, packed up my valise, and in an hour's time was on my way to Drury with Fenton. We often imagine, I think, that if we can escape from the scenes of a temporary discomforture that we shall free ourselves of all recollection of it. But this is a mis- take; unpleasant thoughts and me- mories are ghosts, are obstinately adverse to burial, and refuse decent departure, preferring to remain above ground for the purpose of haunting poor unfortunates. I certainly escaped from annoyance in the flesh by leaving Willie and seeking change with Fenton ; but in the spirit I was on the rack, and about as miserable as I could well be, nor had I the consolation of being able to give way to my grief, and go about with a rural countenance. I was forced to maintain an air of sincerity if not joviality, listen to Fenton, and make suitable replies to his many varied remarks. He was an outspoken merry kind of a fellow, who evidently did not consider life 'a business that does not pay its expenses' No, to him so far, it had been a pleasant and profitable affair, and his views of the future were of the most resolute, indeed his cheer- fulness seemed almost a personal affront to me in my frame of mind. He was engaged to be married, and as he grew more confidential, he showed decided signs of rhapsodising to me about his fiancee. This, I really had in self defence to discourage, and considering my own experiences, I think it to my credit that I did not indulge in gloomy forebodings for him from my own position as a married man of three months' standing; No, I maintained silence, rigid significant silence. The morning of the third day found me in Auckland, and mounting the stairs of the Hotel in that subdued frame of mind consequent on a doubt as to the sort of reception awaiting me, I passed Mr. Leonard Vanderbilt in the hall, we exchanged cool nods, but did not speak; it struck me that he smiled in a curious manner, but I did not heed him. I went straight to the sitting room, and the first thing that caught my eye was a letter stuck in the frame of a pier glass over the mantel piece; it was addressed to me in Willie's stiff caligraphy. As I opened the envelope I remember recalling to myself that this was the first letter she had ever written me. I wondered vaguely, too, where she was so early in the morning, and why she had written instead of speaking. The letter was a long one, the first part very carefully and neatly written, the latter showing signs of carelessness and haste. I can not do better than give it verbatim, spelling and all. 