SENORITA/S GOLDEN SOSES. A glowing . southern sun bathed the drowsy old garden in a flood of molten gold. Tbe oiauge and fig tree3 hung their luscious fruit within tempting distance, while up to tbe Senorita's bedroom window climbed in a riot of yellow splendor the superb Gold of Ophir rose tree, famous along the entire coast. Never was there each. another rose tree. The Senorita was straight and tall and slender. Though the grey was beginning to creep'in her dusky hair, and the tell tale wrinkles were seaming her forehead, she yet was a handsome woman, with the same Andalusian features, the soft, speak lag eyes, the. clear olive skin, her beautiful mother had biottght from Spain years ago. Every afternoon when the Senorita had finished her household duties, before she sat down to the dainty drawn work which was a part of her dai]y occupation, and from which she derived a modest income, it was her custom to enter the drawing room, and after adjusting the blinds so that the sunlight would touch her portrait gently, to .stand before it intently regard ing her own lost youth. " Madre di Dios J" was the murmured exclamation,but it was long time ago— long—time—ago." There wns always a vase of golden roses on a little stand before the portrait. "When the Senorita's gaze left the picture it fell upon the flowers. H'ith a gentle eigh she would pensively touch the petals with caressing fingers, then silently and like a ghost slowly glide from the room. Years before when the Senorita had been young, a beauty and a belle of the little settlement, up at the Presidio there bad been a gallant young lieutenant who fell desperately in love with the charming Spaniard. Their courtship amid the myrtle and orange groves, under the warm moonlight of the southern region, in the sheltered *ooks along the white beach, had been ideal. Once when the lieutenant returned from Santa Barbara, whither he had lieen sent on important military business, he brought to his sweetheart a tiny rose bush, which ae planted before herdooi. " Tgnaeia," he whispered, as he eaught her slim hands ia his and hent his bold, blue eyes upon her blushing face, "■ my love for you will be perennial, like this bush, and sweet as its blossoms." But alas for the pledges of passion ! The lieutenant was one to lore and ride away. Ere the roses had bloomed the third year, be had departed, departed with fervent rows and promises of a speedy return. But the long, burnmersummers, the slow, dreary winters, drifted by and he never came. Hie tiny bush grew to be a lordly tree. She heard of him now and then—the famous Indian fishter, then the major, tbe colonel, at last the great general, whose name was honored throughout the land. Then cahte the news of his marriage to a celebrated belle and lieires«. The rose tree was jjrowiasr and blooming-, hut hope was dead in the heart of the Senorita. Year after year she lived her simple little life in the old adobe cottage of her ancestors. One by one her friends i>assed away. To the Senorita were left only her ; rose garden and memory. | It uas a great day for the sleepy liille ] Spanish town when tlie railroad came; | greater, when the rich syndicate built the '■ magnificent- hotel. Then came the electric cars, rushing and clanging before the Senorita's rose garden. One evening tlie Senorita sat under the Gold of Ophir rose tree. In her hands she held a cluster of her favorites. As she inhaled their fragrance her thoughts were as ever, busy with the past. The golden gate, clicked and swung open. Two people advanced slowly and uncertainly through the gathering dusk; a man and a woman, young, fashionably- dressed, with an unmistakable air of good breeding. The man, stepping forward and courteously lifting his hat, said, " Have I tho honor of addressing Senorita YgnaCia Bona Ventura?" He stopped abruptly as a sharp cry broke from Senoiita's lips. *' Santa Maria!" she breathed rather than spoke, " who it ees ?" " I am sorry to have startled you so," replied the visitor gently: " we were told at the hotel that you -were quite willing strangers should see this beautiful tree or we would not hare intruded. I beg your pardon," and he turned as if to go. " Stay, Senor," she cried, " do pot go. I will show you the roses with happiness— si. But your face it ees which gave me so mooclio start. Jesu Christo! but you are like some one—" " I think you knew my father," said the stranger; be was - stationed here at the Presidio, years ago, and I have often heard him speak of the charming old town." " Your fathaire here ?" "Yes, my father, General Saunders; Lieutenant Saunders when he was here." There was a profound silence. The straight, slim figure seemed turned to stone. Tom Saunders felt as if he were confronted by some, vagus unknown tragedy. His young wife, too, was experiencing a sensa tion as if she were looking on a mysterious phase of human emotion. She turned her 'sweet face, full of tender sympathy, towards the Senorita. The Senorita spoke first; " Si senor." she said in a low, grave voice, " I did know your fathaire long—time—ago. He look like J yon—ah, I *ope he ees well—:si" " Did you not know ? But of course 1 you would not have heard"—said Saunders sadly, " my father is dead. He died a month ago."1 " He ees dead!" repeated the Senorita mechanically. *' Yes," said Saunders, " and before be died he charged me with a sacred com mission.- He knew that I was coming here en my wedding journey. He called me to him one day and said:—• When you get there I want you to hunt up Senorita Ygnacia Bonaventura. Tell her for me that now as I am searing death, I see with clearer vision, and I regret the past Tell her that as I lie here racked with pain, I long, oh! I long for the coolness and quiet of her rose-garden, and that in the long watches of each restless night I smell again the psrfume from the golden roses I planted before her door.*"' There was a sound of sobbing, as Saunders finished bis pathetic message. It came from his wife, who was profoundly affected by the situation. But tho Senorita did not weep. Her white face was tense in its agony, hut not a tear glistened in her sombre eyes. She hold oat l«r hand to the son of her old love. He took it in his and pressed it gently. " She has suffered for my father's sake," was the thought that flashed through his mind. As Saunders and his wife were leaving, their arms ..filled with branches and clusters of the Gold of Ophir roses, the Senorita aelft open tue gate for tliem. When Saunders passed her, she laid in his hand the king of all that year's blossoms, a great royal golden rose-. "For the lieutenants grave,** she simply said. Saunders bowed, too much moved to speak. And six weeks later the ashes of that perfect flower were reverently strewn over a grave in Greenwood. Hours after their departure, the Senorita entered the little drawing-room. Her face was wan and haggard and old. She lifted her flickering candle high before the por trait and gazed steadfastly upon the beautiful young face that smiled down at her. "Madredi Dios !" she breathed, "but it was long-—time—ago." The next morning they tried in vain to waken the Senorita- She lay still and , eold on her bed, drawn close to the open casement. Through the window, the great gay golden roses climbed and looked into the poor little chamber. And one, bolder than the rest, had laid its yellow head close to the dead heart of the Senorita. 