The Story of the Caitouncle Ring. By Waltee H. Bonk. I Winstone had made his fortune out of an opal property he dropped into up north, and one evening as we sat in bis cosy smoking-room after dinner the subject turned upon the ill-luck sup posed to attach to the stone. ' All tommy-rot ! said our host. ' What kind of bad luck did opals briug me ? Fifty- two thousand in four years. I dare siiy you could do with some of the same kind of ill-luck yourselves.' Why,' he added. ' I'll bet that this carbuncle (holding up a tine ring he always wore) brought more bad luck to its tormer possessors than any opal ever polished.' Being in a gossipy mood, very little urging in duced him to recount the following story : — ' You all know,' he commenced, ' that for years I knocked about the country droving and cattle-dealing. Well, I had been out south-west with a mob, and after delivering them discharged my two men and started back across country alone, stopping here and there with my eyes open for fresh purchases. I got back as far as the granite ridges along Burragorang way, and was making across to Wanganderry, just behind High Range. It was a miserable ride up and down through the wild gullies and spurs, and on the day I speak of it wa6 nothing but drizzle, drizzle, drizzle all the time ; a dull grey sky overhead, and the trees and bushes weeping aud dripping eternally— not a bird twittered — everything wet and gloomy. At sundown (I hadn't seen the sun all day) I came to a deep gnlly with the bush run ning up on both sides in a thick mass. On my left the bed ended abruptly in a regular precipice, at the foot of which was a huge pile of rocks and bouldere displaced from the face of the cliff, while to my right the scrubby, narrow bottom wound away out of sight among the ranges. A stony bridle-track led down the ridge, across the bottom some fifty yards from the boulders, and then up the other side, and as [ rode down I had all I knew to beep my tired horse from rolling over with me. ' It was almost dark — the damp, muggy, de pressing gloom of a wet night in the bush — and I kicked up my horse to get out of the gully as fast as I could, but as we began to climb the other side I heard, or though I heard, a movement among the boulders, and looked round. From the tail of the heap came the figure of an old man walking stiffly and with head bent dowu, and, so far as I could judge in the bad light, dressed in an old soft- felt hat, flannel shirt, and moleskin trousers. I was astonished at seeing the old fellow there, twenty miles from the nearest homestead, j in such weather, and pulled up to speak to him. As he shufHed noiselessly down the bed of J the gully, without apparently noticing me, I called after him ' Good night, mate ! ' He took no notice, and I turned my horse to watch him, but as soon as the animal saw him it began to snort and back up the hill, while I experienced a creepy sort of sensation along my spine. How ever, I wouldn't be ' done,' so spured after him, digging in tho hooks like fury to make the horse move, but the animal bolted at every few yards, snorted, and tried to wheel, so that before I could overtake the man he had disappeared. I now found that there was an almost obliterated path through the scrub in the bed of the gully, and, be lieving that it led to some selector's humpy where I might put up for the night, jumped off my horse and led him along it, not without con siderable trouble, for the brute tried all ways to clear out. By-and-bye the path took the side of the ridge, up which it travelled obliquely, and I could just make out — for it was quite dark now — where it rounded the shoulder of a spur ahead of me. ' I tell you it was pretty wretched dragging the unwilling brute up that track, the black, wet bush on every side, the grey skeletons of dead timber rising here and there like ghosts around you — and there, at the elbow, stood tbe old man beckoning. I shouted to him, but he went on, and while I was fighting with my blessed horse he went out of sight again. Convinced now that there was a roof at no great distance, I managed, with the aid of a sapling, to persuade my nag to hurry up, and on rounding the bend saw, perched on a small plateau on the side of the ridge, just what I expected — a selector's hut. There was a light in it, shining with a soft whitish glow that illuminated the place like a dull electric light ob scured by a china bulb, not at all the bright yel low star rays that come from a lamp or fire, and again I lelt that wretched, creepy feeling, for as I approached it the light grew dimmer and dimmer until, as I stood beside the hut, holding my trembling horse short up, it had entirely disap peared. ' Frightened ? Well, I felt nervous. I cailea, but got no response, and tying my mount to a tree went to the doorway and struck a match. Then I got another turn, for the place was simply a ruin. It was the usual deserted bush hut. The door lay where it had fallen inwards, the slabs warped and gaped an inch from each other, the bark roof was flapping with every gust of wind, and a sheet here and there had fallen through and lay rotting on the earthen floor, leaving great gaps that you could see miles of sky through. The clay chimney had partially crumbled down, block ing up the fireplace, and the hunk had long ago collapsed, and lay, with two or three empty tins and scraps of sacking, against the wall. Alto gether it was anything but a cheerful place to pass the night in, but there was nothing else for it, so I brought in my saddle and bridle, hobbled my horse and let him go, managed to light a fire somehow, had some tucker and a smoke, rolled mvself in my wet blanket in the driest spot I could find, and went to sleep. ' It must have been near midnight when I awoke with a strange chill running through my veins, and heard my horse stamping and snorting outside. I was about to step out and look to him when from the long disused fireplace little gleams of whitish light began to flicker and sparkle, ris ing steadily until there was a bright fire burniug, but though the flames leaped and twisted there was no heat, smoke, or crackling, such as accom panies the consumption of dry wood. Nor could I see the fuel from which the light emauated, and as the light increased, illuminating the whole of the interior, the hut seemed completely reno vated. The door was closed and latched, the bunk appeared as if but recently tenanted, and on a stool with his elbows resting on his knees and his head supported on his hands sat the old man I had followed up the gully, gazing into the heart of the fire. I thought I must be dreaming, and tried to rise and speak to him, but some mysterious in fluence kept me still, and all the while I could bear my horse clinking his hobbles outside ; hear the slow drop, drop, drop of the water from the ends of the bark, and feel the rain falling upon my face from a hole in the roof. *? While I watched tbe old man got up and ad mitted another man. I could see them both as distinctly as I see you fellows, and heard every word they said, though the sound appeared to come from tiny voices away off, like listening at a telephone. This second man was much younger than the other, though dressed much the same. He wore a big fair beard and carried a swag which be threw down in a corner. The old fellow came over to where I lay anrl took some meat and damper from a sack haugiug from the ridge pole, and placed the food before the other, who ate it hungrily while his bost warmed up some tea in a billy. Presently the newcomer raised a pan nikin of tea to his lips, and on his little finger was the dull, red, angry gleam of a large carbuncle set in a gold ring. The old man started when he saw it, but recovered himself, and asked his guest where he got it. ' ' My sweetheart,' said the younger man, with a laugh, drawing it off his finger and passing it to the other. ' Worth a bit, too. Want to see it? ' ' The old man turned the ring over and over in his hand, held it sideways as though to read some inscription behind the collet, aud then handed it back. But I noticed that though he made no re mark he watched the other from that, time like a tiger glaring at his prsy. For what seemed a long period they sat by the fire, the younger man talk ing, the old man smoking in silence, till tlie former laid down his pipe, unrolled his swag, aud climbed into the bunk. ' The old man sat for a while looking fixedly at the quiet form, then, approaching1 on tiptoe, apparently to assure himself that he slept, pro cured a long piece of rope and bound his hands aud feet without awakening him. Reseating himself he gazed into the fire for a time, and then, raising his head, called solemnly : ' Roger An son ! ' ' The sleeper moved uneasily. ' Roger Anson, wake up ! ' the old man said again. ' ' Who wants me ? ' cried the sleeping man, starting up. Then, finding himself bound hand and foot, he began to pojr out a stream of blas phemies that would frighten you. ' The old fellow walked over to him, dragged him bodily out of the bunk, and laid him down beside the fire, then seating himself where he could look down into his face, said : ' Roger An son, do you know me ? ' ' The man raised his head and looked atten tively at his captor for a moment, then fell back gasping : ' Barnard ! You're not Harry Bar nard ! He's been dead these years ! ' ' ' I am Henry Barnard,' replied the old man slowly, gazing down gloatingly on his prisoner. ' Give me that ring you wear.' Stooping down he drew the carbuncle ring off Anson's finger and examined it afresh. ' ' Roger Anson,' he began again, holding the ring before his captive's eyes, ' for years and years I've waited for you. I knew you must come at last. Twelve years ago, Roger Anson, there wasn't a happier or more prosperous man than I. Twelve years ago I brought home my darling wife, Anson. She was all the world to me, was my Winnie ; and though she was twenty years younger than I, she loved me until you came to Wagga. Do you remember how I found you, Anson, weak and starving at my sliprails ? Do you remember how I took you in, fed you, clothed you, gave you employment ? Do you remember the blessings you poured on my head for my goodness to you ? Do you remember how you swore you would never forget, aB long as you lived, all that I had done for you ? Do you re member it still, Roger Anson ? ' ' He paused to witch the helpless man writhe and struggle to burst his bonds. ' It's no use, ' he said gravely, ' you could not get away if you had the strength of a giant. I trusted you,; he con tinued, and now his voice was broken and his chest heaved, ' trusted you implicitly. I could not dream you were the black-hearted scoundrel you proved. I came home one day and found that you had gone, and with you my poor little wife. Did my sufferings ever cost you a thought r Did you ever think of the heartbreaking anguish that possessed me when everything about the old home, every little occurrence, every room and every ob ject in it reminded me of my Winnie ? You know — you must know — how I searched for you with out avail. How I followed every trace that I could find, every clue that seemed' to promise any hope of success. At last I went home, and the day came wheu my dear one returned ; came back weary and broken and dying to ask my forgive ness — which I gave her, Anson, freely, fully — to lay herself on my heart like a poor wounded bird, aud die. Then I set out anew to look for you, to hunt you down, but, broken in spirit and in body, I wandered here, built this hut, and waited. I knew you must come at last. '' ' This ring I gave her when she first promised to marry me. It was our engagement ring. I used to wear it»for years before I met her, and she would have.no other. See, here, in the inside,' thrusting liie ring- forwarl, H H.B. to W.H.B. — Henry Hope Barnard to Winifred Hannah Beaton — so you robbed her as well aB destroyed her, you piti ful 'hound. Now you shall suffer some of my agony, for I'm going- to kill you, Ansoo. I won't but your throat or brain you ; that death would be too easy . Watch me; and see if you can guess how you are to die:' ' Stepping to the Corner of the hut the old man took up a pick and Spade, and while the wretched prisoner watched him with staring eyeballs began to dig up the floor of the hut through the embers of my fire, which still glowed as he drove the pick into the earth. He worked away until he had dug a trench about six feet long by two wide and as many deep, then he paused and looked towards his victim. ' Can you guess now ? ' he asked. Then the man guessed. Shriek after shriek in fearful accents rang through tlie hut, while the old man looked down and mocked him. ' Shout, you dog ! ' he said sneeringly ; ' burst your lung's if you will, there's none to help you. You are mine, all mine, at last.' Despite his struggles he drew him to the trench and threw him in, and, slowly, shovelful by shovelful, heaped the earth upon him till only his face remained uncovered ; then he threw the ring into tbe hole upon the doomed man's head, and spoke again, ' ' Roger Anson,' he said, leaning upon his shovel and peering down at the convulsed features bathed in the sweat of mental agony upturned to him, ' you, and such creatures as you, are the curse of God's earth. You, and such as you, have destroyed the homes and ruined the lives of those who, until you crossed their path, lived happily and honourably in the bosom of those who loved them, but by your contamination are condemned to suffer torments beside which your present sufferings are as nothing. Go, now, to where your evil deeds have condemned you, and may God have mercy on you, for I have none.' ' One last despairing shriek and the earth fell, covering face and head. Quickly heaping up the last few shovelfuls the old man stood watching the heaving mass grow slowly quiet, then the weird light died gradually away, his form grew fainter and fainter, until there was nothing left but the drip, drip, drip from the roof and the red embers of my own fire on the place where I had seen Roger Anson buried alive. ' I hardly know how I got through tho rest of the night. At daylierht I saddled up, determined to bring the police and make a search, but the thought that 1 would only be laughed at caused me to change my mind, and I decided to make a preliminary investigation on my own account. I set to work digging with my sheath-knife under the ashes, but though I went down fully three feet I found no trace of any skeleton. As I pushed the earth back into the hole I found this (taking from his finger the carbuncle ring and handing it round). Look inside it and see the in scription — 1 Ii.H.B. to W.H.B.' — don't talk to me about opals again.' 