BREVITIES. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — A Judge of the Supreme Court in America has decided that a divorced wife has no right to use the name of herformer husband. — A husband divorced his wife in America because she indulged in mixed bathing at a seaside resort. A lady lost her life in Paris through nurs ing her sick lap- dog. The animal out of apparent gratitude licked his mistress, and this led to her contracting the dog's dis temper, her death resembling hydrophobia. Verdi has completed his 84th year, and was decorated on his birthday by the King of Italy. Though in the best of health, he is now composing his funeral mass. At the Battersea Polytechnic young women who wish to qualify themselves as professional milliners, dressmakers, and cooks now enjoy tbe same facilities as arc1 given to young men who wish to follow some technical trade. The Cat Show has been held at the Crystal Palace, many very beautiful speci mens ot the feline race being on view. The massive cat which for the second year was awarded the Challenge Cup, was priced at £2500. A vessel larger than the Great Eastern is being constructed for the White Star Line. The largest vessel in the British merchant service, the Monarch, has been making her trial trip. She will carry a cargo of 18,000 tons.T-The metal of a battleship recently launched at Portsmouth, weighed 4500 tons. Possibly the oldest woman in existence resides in county Clare, and is declared to be 116 years old. She lives alone, and with the exception of being slightly deaf, possesses all her faculties, walks erect, her eyesight being unimpaired. — The mother of the Wesleyan minister at Wilmslow com pleted her 100th year. She is in vigorous health. — An inmate of West Ham Infirmary celebrated her 100th birthday. A nun in Boulogne is about to celebrate her 100th birthday, She took the vows 80 years ago, and since then has not left the convent. Over a hundred machines are now used in London Board schools to teach the girls typewriting. A clock has been erected at Piccadilly circus, to be seen day or night. The hands are illuminated by electricity, and the figures indicated by electric stars. The Liberator estates of Gulea Hall (Romford), Chingford, and Tilbury, sold by auction, realised j£135,000. — Bryn Castle, Wales, which has the reputation of being haunted, was sold by auction, the ' ghost' being included in the sale. — Policies on the life of Jabez Balfour are to be put up for auction in London. The convict is now 54 years of age. A report on the boarding-out of pauper children stated that one boy who had grown up in the house of his nurse or foster mother had married her, she being a widow. An inventor claims to have discovered a system of gumming or cementing fabrics which will make an end of sewing. At a foreign sailors' lodging-house in East London there isapenny in- the-slot machine for disnensine blessings in the form of printed slips to Mohammedans. Upon the machine being opened it was found that not a few of the blessings had been obtained by means of dummy money instead of real coins. A number of men clerks and others who are said to have offended against the law and suffered the penalty have formed them selves into a ' Society of Reformers' in East London, their object being to rid themselves of the terrible ' shadow' of the blackmailer, who prevents them rehabilitating their moral character. An Austrian engineer, following the lines of an English inventor, claims to have dis covered how to produce smokeless fires. He has provided an automatic stoker which places the coal on the fire in such a way that all smoke is consumed. 'Air is admitted to the under part of the fomace only. The railway companies are sorely per plexed over the question of conveying bicycles safely and easily by rail. Dozens ol schemes for securing the cycles to tbe sides or tops of the vans have been ' experi mented with by different railways, but the ideal devicn has not yet been discovered. Wooden stands, covering the whole floor space of a van, are found to preserve the bicycles from damage, but only 16 machines oan be pnt into a van so fitted, against 40 to 50 accomodated in an ordinary van. Over 11,000 cycles were booked from Liverpool street alone during August, as tnany as 1742 being sent in one day, so that any decrease in tbe capacity of vans (of which as many as possible are already added to the trains) would actually make 'trains for cycles only' an occasional neeessity. The railways have to be prepared for anything now that everyone cycles. It is on record ;hat one dav at Radnor an ordinarv train was besieged by 300 cyclists, all demanding transportation for themselves and their wheels ! A Frenchman is converting the web of the spider into silk of the most beautiful and fairy-like fineness. The end of the web is caught while it is still attached to the spider and is wound on to tiny bobbins. ' The Daily Chronicle correspondent at j Victoria (B.C.) has beon collecting informa tion as to Klondyke. All the claims of any value have been staked ont, prices being j from £40 to £100 per lineal foot, so that { no man with less than £5,000 to £10,000 . oan hope to buy a good property. The j thousands of newcomers will have to strike j new ground or work for daily wages. The , scarcity of food is shown by the fact that | flour in Dawson city was worth £10 a bag | of 50 lb., and eggs were a dollar apiece. | Many experienced miners are now leaving j Klondyke to escape the approaching famine. \ The amount of gold taken out last year has j been ridiculously exaggerated, not more : than £800,000 having been cleaned up as the result of the winter's work. On the other hand, over one million sterling has been spent on this summer's rush alone. From 50,000 to 100,000 men are expected next spring. The King of Corea has had himself proclaimed Huang-ti, equivalent to Em peror, and making him of equal rank with the Emperor of China. The words Huang ti mean ' Son of Heaven,' ' Ruler by the ' Grace of God,' and imply the function of fixing the holy days. For thousands of years the ruler of China has done this, but now he has fallen on evil days, for the Mikado and the Corean monarch make their own calendars. | 