COUGH DROPS. [By The Lobbnoe.] Somehow I can't get the hang of things at all lately in Hobart. It is dull enough goodness knows, and money they say ia ' tight,' PerhapR that is the reason why there have been so many people os the loose lately j but anyhow, if money is tight it is evident mankind can not be in that happy frame of mind and body, for when cash is too tight to be loosened we haven't got the means to do a blew ourselves. On Monday evening an ec centric individual who had evidently experienced a looseness at the tap oame into our shop and requested me to serve him with a pint of beer. He looked as if a pint of castor oil would Jbare done him more good, and I asked him if he'd purchase a bottle for luck, bnt after thinking the mailer over for about five minutes in deep meditation he acknow ledged his inability to find the oash, re marking, as he deplored the fact, that money was tight. Let us blow the froth off, And slate another eoore | We'll have to nav another day, We cannot promise mars. If creditors look gruesome At our uuluoky plight, Turn out our trousers pookets, And deolare that ' money's tight' Honey's tight and we are loose, It's no use looking bine ; Until the better times arrive Please take an I.O.U. Live in a medium of exchange Till good days heave in eight; We cannot part up if we would, For why P 'Oaase ' money'6 tight,' * * * For pure devil-go-easy apathy in matters matrimonial commend me to one Jardine, who reoently aired his troubles before a Melbourne beak. Twenty years ago he married a sweet young thing from Lefroy, and lived happily in Hobart foi two years, she bearing him two. children during that period. Upon nhifting to Melbourne the lady bestowed her love favors upin their lodger, one Jones, and during a three years intimacy bore him a full comple ment of issue. These were duly regis tered in the name of Jardine, no opposi tion being made by that obliging gent. Time wore on, and it would seem that the lady alternately fancied the one and the other until there were sixteen chil dren on the slate between them. Troubles will ocour, you know, in the best of well regulated families, and it would appear that this lot proved no ex oeption to the rule, for a dispute arising over the parentage of one of the love pledges, nobody being quite certain who was its old man, a police court case en Bued. Jardine didn't appear to mind any thing which, was a certainty, but 'when an indecent allusion was made to a person whose name was like the letter X. in Alge bra, an unknown quantity, everyone was dissatisfied. The trio were eventually fined for having committed a breach of the public peace, two of which being 'duly paid by Jardine, they left the court.' 'Un til that strange dark person is discovered and fully identified this grievous vmcer - tainty will for ever remain as a blot upon the parentage of one of the family, who, like Japbet, will probably turn out to scour the world in search of s father. Oh, say not woman's lore is bought For goli or other pelf ; Dear woman, lovely woman, loves For no one save herself. Sixteen may be divided, But fifteen's another game, Whiob leaves a cold uncertainty For one to find a name. It's heads I win and tails you lose, You see the number's odd ; Bpin up the coin, decide the doubt, And call liicn Tommy Oodd. ♦ * * Amougst other matters of no importance which have occurred during the week may be chronicled the reappearance of our friend the ghost. It is some coneiderable time now since the misguided person who found irrational pleasure in frightening helpless women, desisted from bis prac tices, and rumor accredited it to a certain gentleman who since left the colony, but as the present reappearance re sembles in detail closely tbat of the first galoot, it is only reasonable to suppose be has broken out again. Park-street last Friday evening was enlivened by a young woman frightened almost out ot what wits she bad, and on Monday evening a loviDg couple near the cemetery in Campbell street were much disturbed by this peram bulating piece of idiocy. The ' boy ' was in a dilemma, for the lady would not be left alone whilst he went after the visitor, so be was compelle I to maintain an inof fensive attitude much against his inclina tions — so he says. Ghost may catch a Tar tar this trip, and if he does be needn't come to me for repairs, for I wouldn't let him have a pennyworth of plaster for a fiVDI. * * * Why don't you Ret some of our alleged labor members to kick up a dust about employing lioys where men ought to be 1 They never let a chance pass to shed tears over the possible fate of the working man whose vote thiy enavelled under promise of making Tasmania a shining star, but beyond the Baiue old weak minded snivel they never do anything. There was a fellow hard at work running wood with a buzz-saw, the inevitable boy being in at tendance of course. Everything went all right whilst the ordinary wood-cutting was in process, but by aud bye when a knotty piece which required experienced handling happened— whiz 1 and there is a crippled hand with the chance of an am putation. It wann't the boy's hanil, but the poor devil wlio was compelled to work under such condition caught all the trouble. But I'm long sick of speaking ot it all. When, oh when will we have some decent legislature 1 AnBwer : A6 goon as tbereis no more land to mortgage, no more workmen left to look for a job, und our half-a-doisen 'toffy' families, having no thing else to meddle wiib, will turn upon themselves and conMime each other in the bitterness of their own venom. * * * Deep in the heart of this blissful city of purity and apples lives a lady concerning whom rude persons aver that Bhe has smiled not wisely but too well— aud ptetty often. WWoU assertion, by the way, is: very uncalled Cor, and discovert a spirit of envy cankering the .hearts of a lew who Lave signally foiled to step so high, and wbich inuendoes, moreover, were bat even as lain drops upon a duok's back until quite recently, when a vilely hideous prac tical joke was played upon her.; , The lady has upon her visiting list, it would seem, a tinted gentleman, of some means, and it was in thie direction that the wicked shattft of slander were hurled. And it happened this way. He was retiring , for the evening, being ia man of strictly mode rate habits, when a small parcel was left by a small boy.- It was direoted to the lady, care of himself, and was moreover labelled, * Glass with care.1 Ever eager to be of service, de gemmaa promptly de livered the package. Curiosity was on tip toe to have the very neatly-wrapped little parcel opened. Was -t jewellery f Must be— couldn't be a horse and dray,V hat was a certainty. With eager tremulous £nget? the wrapper was broken, and the contents tumbling upon the table disclosed a small toy tinted baby enclosed in a lewd valen tine representing in rainbow colors an obese lady in an exceedingly tight-fitting costume. Over what happened then let me draw a dfrholout please, but now a person who carries a lator declares he will open tbe victualling department of tbe perpetrator of that vile goak— when he finds him. * » * Who was tbat impudent fellow that said that Australians lacked poetical instincts? I forget hia name just now, but he was a perverterof the truth and a jumped up Bnob anyway. Why we are reeking witu poetry. Only give a football barracker a pint and contradict him if you doubt my word. In Tasmania we have plenty of Henry Lawsons, only they want develop ing. Yes, and Miltons too. Take the following exquisite stranzas for instance. They came from the country — up Both well way — and are written by a New Zea land Scot, bewailing his absence from the Laud o' Cake*s. It is delightful to find tbat in this distant part of tbe world the true old spirit of Scottish poesy U still alive, and if some Scotchmen may profess to miss in the subjoined verses tbe expres sion that distinguished the Bard of Ayr, I am of opinion that it ia all through a feeling of jealousy. Tbey will not acknow ledge the exquisite depth of thought con tained in the verses as the Bothwell exile monrns for his distant thistle fields and groans for the distance which separates him from bis native land. There is, 1 take it, little difference between him and the immortal Burns. Let her go : While brechan coeies crank the woo, An' wawble tonne spa«l ewankie coo, I thrumpit thro' the ena ; When waukit inges wab the mame, An' kintra cooeers gawk the dame, An reekit hurdies thrair; The crondie pawkit frae the reek, An unco Wabster loons. Sorimp redmin midden by the keek An' mnckle sican tunes. Still bleak there I keek there, Tbe callow mawkins creel ; Nor bldw then, I scaw then The blather cawpron beil. Then quat still I wot still, The ratton haggis pyles, While lug brae I hog screigb To raught the slaps an' styles, 