QUEENSLAND AND THE FEDERA TION MOVEMENT.'. (By otra Speoiai Correspondent. , BRISBANE, February 27th. A briet summary of these articles trill suffice in bringing them'to a conclueion. We have seen that Queensland and Victoria, by reason of the greut diversity of their soil and, climate,^ are favorably , situated for mutual: benefit in the* matter of intercolonial free- i trade. Tbo great want of this colony is a ! market for those products of her rich lands whiali are now yielded, and a guaranteed market for others upon the growth of which she has not yet outored : Victoria furnishes, and will furnish, a market of that description of 110 .mean proportions. The lattor colony, in return, naturally expects a commercial compensation in the shape of a market for her manufactures, rather thuu that Queens laud should purchase so largely from foreign countries, while her sister communities can supply her wants. Victoria is desirous of a free interchange of products and manufac tures ; hut Queensland is nor bv any meuns anxious, and simply becauso sbo has not so far realised the immense'gain to all depart ments of commercial and social life that muse undeniably follow tho abolition of border re strictions ; and the reason why Queensland lias not so far realised theso great advantages is—First, because she has not studied the proposed change as tho merits of the case warrant; .ana, second, owing to tbo utter selfishness and prejudices of many of her politicians. The moment Queensland enters upon • a careful consideration of the whole 4 question will be her virtual inclusion in the -federation ; but at present lier want of sound investigation into the whole question, and the prejudice and the utter selfishness of many of her politicians and very many of her infantilo manufacturers are responsible for her abstention from takiog part in the popular movement.' The deoision of Western Australia to send delegates to tho Convention is a hard knock to those antago nistic to tho Federal Convention here, who derived a deal of satisfaction in the holding aloof of Western. Australia. ~ They havo been pointing out the absurdity of tho movement being regarded as truly Australian', owing to the non-representation of such a great tract of the continent as is embraced within tho colonics of Western Australia and Queens land, and havo drawn the nonsensical conclu sion that, because the other colonies are, so to speak, in a minority territorially, there fore the federal movement is not a national one j hut now that there is a prospect of Western .Australia joining, Queensland will no doubt bite her nether lip and find it necessary to throw up tho sponge. If eo, all the better ; in fact, it wcro the wiser course, in order to' securo the inclu sion of this colony in the union, to allow her to elect her delegates just as she pleased ; certainly, if her politicians did not see the force of choosing their representatives in the precise way adopted in the other colonics, this failure at unanimity is a re grettable incident; tho odium attaching to this departure from tho desiro of the majority will, in the future, redound on Queensland alone. But then many people, somo in par ticular, see no reason wliv we should build so much for the benofit of posterity, for, as one bright political, star here observed onco, 14 What's posterity done for us ? " I am not sure whether lie was an Irishman ; I am rather iuclined to fancy ho was. However, in order to win this colony over there must bo no mud-slinging when the convention meets, hut a statesmanlike view must bo taken of the wholo subject. The spirit of mutual sacrifice for the national good must be tho dominant uote, for what noblor pledge of sincerity and security cau there bo than that provided by the silken cord of love?'- With tho growth of years comes the extension of democratic power, and the lattor brings with it a thousand knotty problems for solution, the path to the accomplishment of which is paved with all sorts of agitators, constitu tional and otherwise; but those problems will havo to bo solred, and certain grievances will have to bo redressed, before the inauguration of that era of peace and universal oontent ! meat, or comparatively so, towards which so many true-hearted men are looking. It is for us in a national crisis like the present to keep this constantly boforo our vision, and strive, individually aud collectively, to ' weld tho commonwealth together so that it raav be able to withstand those storms that aro sure to beat upou it, aud this cau only" ho done by the entire structure being cemented with tho spirit of self sacrifice. When the convention gets faiclv to buji-' ncss, and Queensland's absence, should such be the case, comes up for discussion, the right hand must be hold out to her in her isolation, and facts aud figures must bo adduced—for their production is bound to be convinciug—to show her tlio great, advan tages of ousting in her lot with the other colonics. I feel positivo that if the Victorian people really desired federation and stipu lated for Queensland prodacts grown, and to be grown in preference to thoso of foreign countries, this coiony would not hesitate a single hour. "Why should she?- At present alie lias a hazy idea of c< Victorian selfishness," and Sydney's greed, and so on, but dispel theso ghosts of a diseased imagination, and Queensland is at your side, with you and for you in the great scheme of universal happiness. X have said nothing in these articles of the Northern and Ceutral agitation for Home Kulo as affecting this colony's future; 1 have spoken of thoso aspiratians previously, and as tkero can he no doubt as to their cropping up at the convention, 1 would give this word of warning, advise no course that is sure to wound the sensitiveness of the Queensland Parliament. Tho Imperial Parliament itself will do .nothing till it receives a reconimau dation from Brisbano. All attempts at dic tation, or slurs thrown at. this colony, .will drive her further off, even though she should stand alone, for there is a decided objection locally, to anything iu the nature of coercion. In conclusion, it is to be v hoped that Oeeloug will have tho honor. _of seeing-JVIr Higgins sitting as one of Victoria's delegates. Her manufactories entitle her to r distinction, and the intelligence, of electors may ho relied upon iu favor of tl worthy representative iu the Assembly. T in years to come thoy will bo able to . back with satisfaction, taking pride in ti share bf the building up of tin Austral nationality. 