Till MM HOLY. CHAPTER X. THI0 BEVItLATION Next morniug at breakfast, Captain Danton was 'buck; bub BoginiUd'B haadsonio face easy flow ot ? conversation were miaaing. George Hcyard, it ? appeared, was going on a skating excursion some ?miles off that day, and hud prevailed on Mr. Stan ford to remain and accompany him. Rose felt about as deaolato as if aho had boen ? shipwrecked- on a desert island. There was1 a pang' of jealousy mingled with the desolation, also. Emily Howard was a sparkling brunette, a coquette, an heiress, rand a belle, ' Wan it tho skating ex onraion' or Emily's big black eyes, that had-tempted him tollngor P Perhaps Emily would go witk them ?kaltnff, and Eoao knew how 'Charmingly piquant little Miss Howard was on skates. It was a mieorable morning altogether, and Rose tormented herself 'in true lorer-libe ttyle. ' She roamed about tho house aimlessly, pnlling out her ' watob perpetually to look at'the hour, anil sighing drearily.' She wonderod at 'Sate, who tat so placidly 'playing some'song without word*, with the S«otch baronet standing l»ythepiano, abaorbed. ? ' What doBs «he know of love ?' thought Bobo, ? contemptuously. 'She is aa cold ao a polar ice berg. She ought to marry that knight of tho woe ful oountonanoe boaide bor, and bo my lady, and lire in a oastle, and eat«nd tlaep in velvet and 1 rubioB, It would juit suit 'her.' Doctor Danton came up in tho course of tho fora ? noon, to make a professional call. Hisipatient was ' bettor, oalraer, less nenrous, and able to sit up in a i rocking-obnir, wrapped in a great shawl. Graoe ; persuaded him to say 'to lnnbboon, and he did and tried to win Minn Rose out of tho dismals, and got incontinently tinubbod' for his pains. But thorn was balm in 'Gilead for Rose. Just after luncheon a little sholl-like sloigb, with pranc ing ponioa and jingling 'balls, whirled musically up to the door. A pratty,, blooming, ' black-eyed girl was its solo occupant) -andRoie at tho drawing-room window, ran ont to meet her. ' My darling Emily j' cried Rose, kissing tho young Indy she had 'bsen wishing at ' Jerioho all' day, 'how glad I am to sea yon I Coma in ! You ' ?will etoy to dinner won't you?' ' No dear,' said Miss Howard, ' I can't. I just came ovor for you i T am alone, and want you to epend tho owning. ' Don't say no; Mr. Stanford will bo hama to dinner with -3eorgo, and he will CECOrt you back.' ' Ton pet I' cried -Roae, with anoUiar rapturous kiss. 'Just wait five minuteB while I ran up and dress.' Mies Howard was not Tory long detained. Rose was book, all ready, in half an hour, gj/' Would your siater come ?'? inquired Miss How ard, doubtfully, for ahe was a good doal in awo of of that tall, mnjetstio sisteri 'Who, Kate P Ob, Bho is outriding with Sir j' EonaldKoitb. Novorraiud her, we enn have a bet- ' i ter timo by oaroelves,' I Tho tiny flleigh rtuBhod off with its fair poau-* , pants, and Koso'a depressed spirits wont. up to fever heat. . , . It wan tho fired; of March, and ACarbh had come in ' ike a lamb— balmy, snnnhin y,i .brilliant. Evory body looked at them admiringly aa tlin fairy Bleigh , And tho two pretty girls flow through tho . village, and thought, porfaapn, What aiflne thing it was to be rioh and youag, und 'handsome and happy, like ? that. Jy^Miaa Howard's .homo was about' half a mile off, , and a few minuted'brouglib them to-U. Tho two «irl« pasaod tho aftornoon agreeably . enough at tho piauo andiorer nowbcoltB, bub both, wore longing for ovening and tho -roturn of tho , gentlemen. MisB Howard was-enly siztosn, and oouldnltiielp ^admiring Mr. Stanford, or wishing sho .wore ? her f brother. Goorga, and with him all day. ' ' The Mnroh day darkenod slowly down.' Thoann rttoll low and dropped out od night behind the height ? frozen rirer, in a cloryof orimaon an-Lpurplo, Tho ?hues of the sunset died, the ovoning btar shone , ittcot blue and bright la the night-sky i end tbo two , girls stood by tho wiudow watching when thogsn ? tlomon returned. - There1 was jjiisb light oooufrh loft t« soo them plainly na they drew near the bouso, tboir skatoa -slung ovor tboir armHt bub Mr. iGaorgo Howard f ';, came in for very littlo of tUalr^rognrda, ' Handuomo'fellowJ' said Miss Howard, hot eyes sparkling. - ' Wh6P' said Roao, eatelocaly, as if her heart -wan not boating timo to the word. ' Reginald P' lf Y»d ».lin \a 4: Iia linnrlanrmtaf. man T nvni* atttr.' lloBOilau^hed- u rather foroedjlivugh, though.' ' Don't fall in lo.ra with my handsomo brother tin-Jaw, Hmlly. Kato won't like it.' ' Thoy are to bo marrtad next .Juno, are'' they iDObP' HBkod Emily, not notloing tho insinuation) earo by a Blight colour, which the twilight hid. ', ' So they aay,' 'Thoy will bo a fine looking pair, -3aorge and all 'tho gontlomen say tlut sko Is ihe only realty bonufcl ful woman tboy ovor tjaw. ' TaHtoB differ,' snid Eoao, with a shrug, ' I don't think so. She is too pale, attd proud, and onld( and too far up in tho oloudij altogether. Sho ought to go and bo » nun | sho would mako a splendid lady Abbess/'. .' . ? ' She will make a splendid Uta. Stanford.' 'WlioP' said' Mr. Stanford hitnsolf, nauntoring jn, ' You, Miss Howard f' 'Not another lady I know of. What kind of a timo hnti'you, Bleating P' 'Capital,' ropliod hor brother ' for an Engllsh iiiftu, Stanford Itnooku cvorythlag. Hallo, 'Eoae | \ trho'd have thought It P' \ Roao omorged from 'tho'ohadow' of, tbo window I curtains/ nnd' shook handBoarelasily 'with 'MnQtor \ Goorj»e, ' I drove over foc.her after you went,' said his sister, 'Come! there's tho dinner bell, and Mr, Stanford looks hungry.' 'And is hungry,' «aid Mr, Stanford, giving her his arm. 'I shall astonish Mra. Howard by my performance this evening.' They were not a very, largo party— Mr, and Mrs, Howard, their «on and daughter, Mr, Stanford and RoBe— but they were a very merry on*. Mr. Stanford had been in India once, three years aga, and told them wonderful stories of tiger hunts, and Hindoo girls, and jungle adventures, and Sepoy warfare, «ntil he carried bis audience away from the frozen Canadian land to the burning sun and tropica* splendours and perils of far-off India. Then after dinner, when Mr. Howard, senior, wont to his library to write letters, and Mrs. Howard dcaed in an easy chair by the fire, there were music and sparkling ohit-chat, racy as the bright , Moselle, at dinner, and games at cards, and fortune-telling by Mr. Howurd, juuiorj and it was twelve before Rose thought it half-past ten, ' ' I must go,' said Rose, starting up. 'I had no idea it was so late. I must go at onoe.' Tho two young ladies went up stairs for Miss Danton's wraps. When they descended, thpslfligh was waiting and all went ont together. The: bright March day had endod in a frosty starlit, windless night. A tiny moon glittered overhead, and silvored the snowy ground. ' Oh, what a nigbt!' oried Emily Howard. 'Ton may talk about your blazing India, Mr, Stanford, but I would not givj) our own dear snow olad Canada for the -wealth of a thousand Indies. Good-night, darling Roae, and pleasant dreams.' Miss' Howard kissed her. Mr. Howard camo over and made nn attempt to do the same , ' Good-night, darling Rose, and draam of me.' Roso's answer was a slap, and then Reginald iras beside her, and they were driving through tho lum inous duik of the winter moonlight. ' You may et«p at the gate, my good fellow,' said Mr. Stanford to the drivor { ' the night is fine— we will walk the rert of the way— ah, Rose P' Rose's answer was a imilo, aad they were at the gates almost immediately. Mr. Stanford drew her hand within his arm, and they saunterod slowly, very slowly, -up the dark, tree-shaded avonue. ' ' How glooaby it is hart !' said Koee, clinging to, his arm with a delicioua little shivor ; ' and it is midnight, 'too. How frightened I should bo alone 1' ' Which 'tueans you are not frightened being with me. 'Mian Rose, you are delightful 1' ' Interpret it as you please. What would yo» say if the -ghost were to start »»t from these grim black trees and confront, us ?' ' Say f Nothing.' I would quiotly faint in yo«r armp. But this is nofc the ghest'n walk. Wasn't it in tho tamaraok avenue old atarg«ry saw it P Let us go' there P' ' It '{c too late,' said Roae. ' No! it ia not. Them is sonothing delightfully novel in promenading .with a young lady at the witohing'hour of night, when graveyards yawn, and giBboring ghosts in winding sheets oub up antics before high heaven. Come.' ' But, Mr. Stanford ? ' ' Reginald, I toll you. You promised, you1 know.' ' But' really, Reginald, it is too late. What'if w« wero soen ?' ' Knosenao I Who is to see ua 1 And if thoy do, haven't brothers and' sisters a right to walk' at midnight as well as ' at noonday if thoy choose P BoBidoe, we may .sea tho spootro Of Danton Hall,' and I would give a month's pay for the sight at any timo.' They ontored the tamarack walk as bo spoke — bright enough at the entrance, whoro the starlight streantod in, but the very blaokneas of darkness farther down. ' How horribly diamal I' oriod Roae, olinging to him more oloaely than ever. ' A'tnurdor might be committad here, and no one bo the' wiaor.' ' A fit place for a ghostly promonade. Speotro of Danton, appear I Hiat! What is that P' Rose barely suppressed a shriek. Ho pub 'his hand ovnr his mouthy and draw hor' silently into the shadow. ' ' Afl-ifhin mooking words had ovoked them, two figured' entered tho tamaraok walk aa he spoke. The starlight showed them plainly— a man and a woman— bha woman wrapped in a shawl, leaning on the man's arm, and both walking vory slowly, talk ing earnestly. 'No 'ghosts h«re,' whiapored Reglnnld Stanford. ' Bfiquiot, Rosa t wo aro in for an advanturo.' '1 ought to know that woman's figure' said Rose, in tho same low tone. 'LnokT Don't you P' , « By— George 1 It can't bp'-Kato'l' ' It Ik Kate | nnd who is tho man, and what does, ib mann?' Vow Rose, jnalioiously asking that .question, know in bar hoarb.the man was Mr, Riohards, Sho did not comproliond, of course, but sho knew it must; bo nil right ; for Knie w«lked with' him ther« under her father's snnotion. Mr. Stanford marlo no reply | he wns staring liko odo whooitnnob bnltovo hla eyes, KateVfuoe, shown in profile, was plainly viaiblo ob they drew noitrnr. Tbit'man'it, shroudod by coat collar and poakod anp, was dUbiddoii, hhvo n wnll ahapod nosn, ' Itls Kut« I' roponted Mr. 8t»nford, blankly, ' And wbnti dons Itmeau P' ' Hush 1' ' whisperod Rose |' ?' thoy will hear you.' She draw him baok noftly, Tho two advanoin'g figures wore bo very nenrnow that, thoir words could bo heard. It was ilato's soft roioc that war aponltinpf. ' Patience, dear,' sho was Baying ; ' patlonoo a Ubfcln longor yet,' ' Pationco I1' cried tho ; man, pnanlonatoly. ' Itnvon't I beon patient P Haron'b I waitod and waibnd, oating my heart out in solltudo. and lone lluesn, and miaory P But for your lava, Kate, your undvinir lave and faith'in me— I' ahonld Inner ncro hnvo gone mud 1' Thry pntood ouh of hearing with tho last words, Reginald Stanford ntood petrified $ avon Rosa wbb desporatoly.stArtted by the words, 'Take, mo awny, Rot;inald ;' sho said, trombling, ?' Oh, lob ub gn bnfnro they oomo baok'l' Hor voice orouaod him, and ho lookod down at her with a' face an white as the frozen snow. 'You hoard him P' ho said. ' You hoard her'P Whnt rtooB itmuftn P' ' I don't know. I am frightened. Oh, let us. go-!' i Too .Intel Kntn and hor companion hud .reachecl bhe end of the tiimaraok walk, .and wore, rnturnlng, An'iihoy drew noar, sho wrs speaking t again tho two liatonors in tho darknooa hoard hor wordn. ' ' Don't doepnir,' shb untd, earnontly. ' Oh I my darling, novel' denpiir I Oomo whab will, I nlinll always love you — always truBb you — always Thny'pasand'out of honrlng again— oub of the dark iufco tho lightod ond of the walk, and did not rolurn. Roftlnald and Ron* waited for a quarter of an hour, but thoy had disappeared as suddonly no thoy had nppoarfld. 'T«kn mo In,' i'ait«ratod Rose, ahlvorlng. 'I am noarly ttor.on.' He f.urnod with her op the walk, novcr spooking a word', vary palo in tho light of dio itarn. No onownsvlRlble as they lefb the walk} all round tho house nnd grounds tvero huel'od and atill. Tho houas door wna lookod, but »ot bolted. Mr. Stan ford opened it with a in|»Jifc-key, and thoy nntored, and wont up ntaii'B, otill in ailonoe. Rose raaoheri hor room firsb, and paueod with hor bauds on tho handle of the door. ' Good night,' sho said shyly ,»nd wistfully, ' Good nlglii;,' ho answortd, Jbrlofly, and wob gono. (To be eontinuid.) 