CAM MGSMILL'S FAREWELL SERMON. -.?-.... . — ? T-* ? — ? ?. ?? . . The Rev. Canon Kingsmill preached at St. Matthew's on Sunday evening for the last time. The following is the full text of his address :— Hebrews xiii. a, 8v., 'JesusChri&t; the same yesterday, and to-day and tor ever.' There is something, at first siahb, strangely abrupt about this verse. It appears to stand but suddenly, dissevered from and uncon nected with the verses which go before and the verses which follow after. But the con nection is real, nevertheless ; and behind the words tnemseives there lies a long sad tnun of thought, which is crowded with sorrowful t ; memories of the past. The inspired writer is speaking of the changes and chances of our chequered lives. He reminds these early Christians of separations and partings, of ties broken by necessity, by persecution or by death. And indeed the churches of that day were holding the faith in manifold and great temptations. Like the ark of old they were borne across troubled and tumultuous waters and called upon to endure a great fight 6f afflictions. The Church was moving heavenwards 11 'Midst toil and tribulation And tumults of her war.' Jewish bigotry flung them out of the syna gogues, execrated and excommunicated ; heathen cruelty answered the Story of the Cross with the dungeon, the axe, and the . flame; false brethren crucified the Son of God afresh and put him to an open shame ; God buried these unknown workmen, but the work went on; they were tossed into nameless graves upon earth ; but they were written upon the shining page of God's book of life. Man flung their poor remains to the vultures or the waves ; angels bore them upward to join tho bright company of witnesses of whom the world was not worthy. Man trampled their dishonored dust in Roman amphitheatres ; but at the ? sounding of the great trump they will rise in the Bplendour of immortality to be made like unto. Him for whom they suffered and died. „ -? ? And. here we; see the connection of the text : with the verses which preceda it. If the rude, rough hand of death has severed your , connection with those who spake unto you the word of God, remember there is Qne who : never changes and who is the same in tho ages that are past and in the ages yet to come. A free translation of the passage would be — ' Remember those who have been , your spiritual guides, who spake unto you the . word of God— but who will never speak it to , you again— whose faith follow, considering the outcome of their conversion, and this outcome was Death.' But there is one who has conquered death, even Jesus Christ who . is the same yesterday, to-day, and into the ages. In our days of security and peac9 the tie between the minister and the congregation jjp not severed by persecution or death, and . tho passage has only a partial application to bur modern lives. Still there is much which irnay be said. Even modern clergymen, al . though neither witnesses ncr martyrs, may Bay remember your spiritual guides. In my own case I have tried— as God has helped me —to preach the Gospel amongst you. But preaching the Gospel is a very wide expres sion. If it means to reiterate Sunday after . Sunday and yoar after year, well-kuown truths and doctrines which we heard almost in the nursery, and which nobody ever dreams of contradicting, then I certainly have not preached the Gospel. If on the other hand . ib means that every truth revealed by God to man whether by Patriarchs, Prophets, Seers, Psalmjsts, Evangelists, and through his Church centres, gathers and diverges towards the Cross of Christ, then I have, however, feebly preached the Gospel in the Church. I have tried to quicken your faith in the word of God and in the Church of God. During the last 25 or 30 years tho assaults made both on the Church and the Word liave been characterised by a bitterness and san uusxsr^pulous animosity, which have not ?been ??equalled since the French Eevolution. The attack his been delivered as soldiers ' say along the whole line. Our fathers had only one or two forms of unbelief — Deism or naked Atheism. But now we are assailed by geologists, philologists, physiologists, historians, antiquarians, mate rialists, rationalists, neologians, agnostics, &o.; If hatred, malice, and all unoharitable ness could have killed the Word it would have died long ago. If slander, ridicule, and ' unbelief could have slain it not a vestige of it wonld have been loft. But the Lord has been mindful of His Word. ? Such an array of witnesseshas been raised up as the world haa never seen before. Translated into ? almost every known language and dialect it has gone forth conquering and to conquer, until the earth shall be filled with the know ? ledge of God as the waters cover tho great deep. And tho Lord has been mindful of His Church. How true are these words — 'Thoreis nothing so indestructible as the Church of Christ. Empires may rise and fall, republics may prosper and fall into ruins, aoeietios and philosophies may succeed eaoh othor in endless variety, but the Church of Christ will exist through them all and ourvivo thorn all. You may rob the Church —as she has been robbed before — and strip her as bare so when Bhe cam© into the world ; but weaken her or subdue her you cannot so Jong as the spirit of her Heavonly Master fwejIslnherheftrban^WBPlPeab^UfPi' W-? belong to this ancient Apostolic and Catholic Church, and she too has been assailed in the pre sent day as well as the Word which she guards. We are warned in tho Inter epistles that the end of the *' Age ' or 2Eon in which we are now living will be marked specially by a spirit of lawlessness. This spirit is to cul minate in Antichrist himself, who is empha tically described as ' the lawless one.' It is this spirit, now at work which is filling the world with miserable little sects who pretend to be founded on the Bible. And so the Mormon with his Polygamy and the Quaker refusing the Sacraments and the Unitarian denying the true Divinity of our Saviour are all founded upon the Bible. But ii; was God's appointment that the Bible should be given through the Church, and in the case of heresy expounded by the Church. In the early days when nil kinds of scriptures were floating about it was bhe band of the Church which was laid upon some, declaring them inspired, and upon others declaring they were not. It was not a voice from heaven which fixed the Canon of Scripture, but the voice of God's Church. Lawless people think they can read and interpret the Bible just as they like, but from the beginning it was not so. When lawless people attempted this in earlier days the whole Church Catholic assembled in various great councils aud decided once and for ever how the Bible was to be read as bearing ?upon greab doctrines such as the Hnmanity and Divinity of Christ, the Personality of the Holy Ghost, &c.; If we throw overboard these great prin ciples, then every man can have a small church of his own. And if there were no great historic churches to guard the truth, Christianity, misled, distorted, and misrepresented, would not survive another half century. I have often reminded you of bur Saviour's warning concerning the signs of the times. The prophetic scriptures shew us of events which are even now casting their shadows before the volcanic stata of Europe — the condition of that 'organised system of robbery called the Turkish Government,' which for centuries has caused such anxiety to Christendom, have been foreshewn in that sure word of prophecy whereunto ye do well to take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place. As I hope to have the pleasure of seeing many of you on next Tuesday night, I am not obliged at present to wish you fare well, but am running over a few points which I would ask you to remember in my ministry amongst you. One that I have spoken of comes out with special force in this text. It is Jesus Christ the same 'into, the ages.' A modern invention is that at death every man is judged before the 'Judgment' — that nothing can take place botween daath and the Judgment. But this is contrary to tne plainest words of Scripture and the belief of the earliest Church. St. Poter i., iii., 19, clearly relates that wonder ful journey of our Saviour to Hades, in which He 'heralded' the great sacrifice to the Spirits in prison who some time were dis obedient to the preaching of Noah. And there is in this text a wonderful feeling of rest in an unchanging Saviour- Nature, whioh is ' the robe of the Invisible,1' has taughb us to love the ' everlasting ' hills crowned with snow. We contrast their same ness with the shifting, changing scenes of life. But greater than all do we fael this when we turn to one who is the unchanging and unchangeable Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, to-day, and forever. 