A Sydney Miraole. " ti INVESTIGATION BY A RE- ft PORTER. C ft THs IWTRrnaSTIn CASE OF MaIR. THoMAs JAIrVIrs. wUo sAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS A7 1E5 WAS CanRp PrrED - PARTIALLY PARALYZED. bUFFErING P1ROM LOCOMOTOR ATAxrI . aN IIELILESS. DOCTORS, IospITrrr. AUTHORITIES. ANDI EVERY ONE SAID IIE MIUOT DIE AS HIS CAS was IIOULESS BOUT THEY WetlE iIISSAKEN. TODAY HE IS A Nsw MAN, FULr. or LIFe AnNI lINuiOT, uIlO CuUTCIIES 11E 1I[ 'T'nows AwAr. HIs DEAn LfIIti narT LIwE. irIs APPETITE 1HAS RETURNED. AWND, IN FACT., 1114 hAS A NEW LEAsE or LIFE OUT AND OUT. So tmuch interest has been shown by olur readers In this mlarvelloulls case that we have publllshed tile facts again as they appeared in tilhe Australian WIorkmesa a few weeks ago : One afternoon our rlepresentative madle his way to the bhll,1e0 of Mar. Thomas Jirvis, 45 Crown- lIma.. Ultilmlo. tie was discoveredi nnrasi a two-year I babllly and his Efce d-eclared hliim to be olo of thie hllipiLst mvn' in Syduny. Lie was up and Aboune and able to answer the knock at the door. In replly to the prelimlinary questions. he said: : You want to know alliabout my case ? " Well. I am glad of the *pportunity ti tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." SHow long were you suffering ? " " Well, twelve nmonths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I :have ione nothing sinca then. Abount ire years ago, next CLhristmas' I met tIltll a accident. I was badly scalded whlile taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sy they. Since the accident I Ilave bees in failing health, and after four years of gr'dsal development of the malady I as forced to give up my billet at tile Glehe Island." What were the symptonla ?" "Simply inde-c'ibable. The pains were so nlething terrible. They were jlst abhut as much as I could bear. 'hey were for all the world like as if a raw were cutting my bones in two in verv part of ale. I had no control ever my bowels or bladder, and was a suisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and llaking, and could neither eat or sleep. )n the 28rd March last I saw a well cnown docor, and he told me that my ase was utterly hopeless. lHowever te gave me an order to the Director of Jharitable Insritutions." SDd you make use of the order ?" " Noi ; I came hlmo n-id went to bed -nd have been pretty well in bed ever ince. Five week-, age I conlil not valk arolse thle 1 'or; in fact I could toi got oat of bet. I felt then thnt i' vas all ov-r with me, and onl: i luestion of days lwhen I would giie up lhe ghost. My dnc'or was attendine lie, and did all he could. by opnill and uorolia,. to eane th- agony I was in Swas ulnder him five or six weeks. H -amt to tier coaclurion that [ wtq siff .ring from lo om -tor ataxia, or ipro S;ressive Ino-IInotoLr ataxy, a diseus.e o; he spinal corn. cllhara'tersedl by pies. zur diSttrblanleS, of grit ard dills-ult. "t co-ordina-ing vol5u tary movetuenis Le told m thlat I mighllt 1ast for ten :ear-, anll that I mg-llt never get th. toe of my legs. (.Init then the patcent sicked his legs about with enlergy to how that mledical opinion is nit iinfal I ble) Well. ji-t as a ldrowning muan vill grasp at a straw, f grasped at tle lee conveyeld by thle advertisement de clbing the curIe salLted in the case of .Hi1ther b 'iler-um- Iker in E -clan', wlhetl. I read it, the Australian Jornkman by )r. Wlhama' Piluk 'Pills for PAi nIle. I read in the advertiseuent ot -1ieh seemed to fi Iny own. I deter inetii to give P uk Pi Is a triall anyway mnd sent for a box. The at11-ct was ar -iarvelli'us as it ws tmlagical. I wis Ible to eat and sleep as though nothing ,as tile matter with me. It was thll. irst appetite and rest I h id for mIany a laly. It was incredible, I immedlattly -ft the ied andll was a'le to move about. I have taken four boxes of P nk Pills urint the I:St lour weeks, and an: -aking now the 1ifth box. I can walk tbout with the aid of a stick, and am :raduilly but surely. recovering my for Iier vigoullr and vitality. You see those s:rtchles here ? They were made for me bhfore Igot D'. Williams' Pink Pils lot I was too week to use them. and iow I don't want them. All I wan5 is his stirk, and I hope coon to do with Lnt it. You see I am ralidly re 4aining my sIt'e-lgh." H 1e is 100 ier cent. better," said MIrs. Jarris, whis had come in and taken she baby on her knues, " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and nade another man of Ililm." A friend ahn call d in at that print iaid tilat Jaras looke. ton years lounger that day than he dd a fort light previon-ly, " I can now," C n mnuod Jirvis, "ham r. cold bath, and all thm-, feeling bae 'nilbiack in my legs. If I keep on 4-ing the way 1 am, I h pe to be iole to resume work a' a boiler maker. s mad you know I have to be in ths very link of health and strength to work at hlat trade. I au better to day than ] lave been a' any time during the pasl i-e years. I aseribs at the ehenge Sand benefit to the'e rink Pills. Tihrm save saved my life. I am in no Ijil .1ow whatever, and feel like a new m-sl in the mantl psete there is a bo: o. ipium and morphia p lis whicla th loctor gave me to deaden the exet u cisting pain. But they scn stay where -hey are, for I co longer nerd thinem r'very body tha knows me has brb amRzed at the change in me. The3w can hardly bhelere their eces. M1' Nfy being ai'out asain him eaused qnite a sensation out hb*re." Such is the remarkable hirarv. an cenfi mo what is slid in all tile chi-f newspapers of thua country of th, astonishing cdra wrougllt by Dr a Wiliams' Pink P.11s for . Ple People. They cure locomotor a'exy, partial pardysis, and spinal disease, also the mmny disorlers wlichl arise from an impovrished slateof tile blood, aruem' a pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, inpigestiol, loss of appetiteseiesthese of breath, paina in the back, nervous headache. &e.; \- These pills are a tonic, not a purga tive They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place. Sydney, will forward on receiptof post order one box for 2s Od, or half-dozen for 14 Oct. 