MEN OF MUSCLE. Giants that have Figured in the: Past. Of the wonderful athletes ofiall.ages Milo of Creton is' perhaps the--most known.. He once ran a milelwith an ox on his shoulders; then with a blow ot his fist he killed the beast, and 'ate it in one day. The strongest man could nottake. from :Milo a pomegranate which he held between his two fingers, although. a woman he loved is said to have done it. Hie could break, by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One day, being in a house with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to fall in, but Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death is well known. He tried to tear asunder the trunk of a tree, buit his hands got pinched in the wood, and being unable to disengage them he perished, devoured by wild beasts. " Theagenes of Thasos, who, with a body like that of Apollo and:the strength of Hercules, surpassed all his rivals in hll kinds of, exercises, ,won Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymbos,l;and Astvdamus won also renown as won derful athletes. The strength of. Samson. is too well known to need description here. The Roman Emperor Calus Julius Verus Maximus was a :marvel of strength, .being :able :to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fin gers. -Ie was upwards of eight feet in height, and his. wife's bracelet could serve him as a tinger ring.' Salvius of Rome could walk up a ladder carrying 2oo pounds on-his shoulders, zoo pounds in his hands, and 2oo pounds fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round the arena carrying 50o pounds fastened to his feet. locus could hold the most furious bull and tear away his horns as acsily as one would pull up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was re puted the strongest man of his time. He was a maxi of great stature, and the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chas teigtierave, who 'lived at the court of Francis I. of France, could stop-a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Boufleris, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron ,with· his hands. The strongest man could not take fromt him aball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support whatever, four strong soldiers could not move him; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with that heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the in habitants. At about the same time there lived a Spantard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten men pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of great strength; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded the palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, Marechal de Saxe. who commanded the French at Fontenoy, was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half-a-dozen bottles. He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the head, and throwing him in the air, let him drop right in the middle of his own dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in re sisting him was a woman, a Mdlle. Gauthier, an actress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and 'after a long strugie she won, but with the greatest difficulty, She power at: 3dlle Gauthier's arm was far beyond the common, and with l her;,fingers she roil.up ,silver- plates as I easily as.any one would-paper. :.'Thomas Topham; bornu in London Sin -r: o0, was a,man possessed of extra ordinary strength. :He -once ,lifted three casks filled with water and wcigh iiig in all i;836,pounds. lHe is said to have had the combined strength of iz. He could bend a stout bartof iron by holding :the two ends with . his hands, placing the middle of the bar behind his neck, and bringing ihe twc ends :forward. 'He could:also undc what he. had.done-that :is, straighten the bar, again, a, much more difficull feat. ' -' - He. broke a rople fastened to the ground that would sustain 2,ooc pounds weight, and lifted an oak table six'feet long. with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one hand he raised a man who weighed 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long distance. It is said of him that having been placed on some duty at the entrance gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go-through; on the driver whipping up his horses and attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset it and its occu pants into the roadway. Topham, who kept a public-house in Islington, had a wife who quarrelled with him to such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. Her cules, Samson, Milo, and many other wonders of bodily strength had to give way to a woman; so did Topham, ap parently. At-about the same time as Topham there lived another wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixed in records with those of -Topham. Richard Joy was already renowned for his marvel lous strength before Topham was born. . -IIHe was commonly known, as the " Kentish Samson." and the "Strong Man of Kent." -Among- other-things, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and snap a rope-that-bore 3,500 pounds without .breaking, the latter being far more extraordinary than Topham's similar feat. He was drowned in a smuggling ex pedition some- ten .years before Top ham's death, and is buried in the -churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadstairs. A Scotchman, said to,be Ihe last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of ex traordinary strength, from which cir cumstance he got the byname of Jemmy-Strength. Among other feats he could carry a 24-pounder -cannon. and had been known to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton and a half: upon -hiJsbanck..-/,-any a time he took up a jackass; and carrying it on his shoul ders,. -walked through the toll gate.' A Belgian giant could stand up under two tons. Jonathan Fowler, a Massachussetts fisherman, once walked out knee deelp through the mud and filth of a sea shore at low tide to'a shark left by ther retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive on his backito- the shore. The shark weighed 500 pounds -quite a load, consideriug that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the .-man had to `wade through mud. Dr. :Winship, the well-known Ameri can athlete, raised from- the ground 1,4oo pounds. - A seaman on board, the celebrated cruiser,- the .Alabama,. a. Scotchman named'Gill could:;lift a. man at arm's length with one hand.-?,' Abraham Lincoln, the martyr Presi dent, was a man of great strength. - He could with one blow;bury an axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than any other man, and he is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon. house weighing doo pounds. 