A siymsej miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. 3&k; ^interesting case of Mr. Thomas JaryiB, who says that a few wfeeks : ago be was crippled — partially paralyzed, suffering from locomotor ataxia, and helpless. Doctors,! Hospital Authorities, and evervone said he must die as his case was hopeless. Bnt they were mistaken. To-day he is a new man, full of life and energy, bis crutches be has thrown away, his dead limbs bave life, his appetite .has returned, and, in fact, he has a new lease of life out and out. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Work man a few weeks ago : — One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown -Lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year old - baby, and his face declared him to be one of happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to tbe preliminary questions he said : ' You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor- . tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I bad to leave off work, and I have done -nothing since then. About 5 vears aso next Christmas. I met with : an accident. 1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the milady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. -However, he gave me an order Xo the Director 'of Charitable Institutions.' -' Did you make use of the order?' ' No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the flcor ; in feet I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when 1 would give up the ghost. My dootor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was . under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that 1 was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxia, a disease of the spinal chord, i characterised by peculiar disturbances of j gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements.' He told-ine that I might last , for 10 years, and that I might never get tbe use of my legs. (J ust then the patient kicked bis legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, just as dro wning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the enre effected by _ another bo3er -maker in England, which I read in the Australian tPorfc man, by -Dr. Williams' Fink Pills for Pale People, I read in the advertise ment oif a case which seemed to fit mv own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect' was as marvellous as it was ; magical. I was sble to. eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad bad for many a day. It was inoredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. X have taken four boxes of Mnk PiUs during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. lean walk about with the aid of a slack, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr, Williams' Pink Pills, but r was tew weak to use them, and now X don't want them. All I want is tbis Btiok, and I ho£@ soon to do without it. You see' X am rapidly regaining my strength.' . ..J.' .- 'Btais 100 pec cent better,' said lbs, Jaryjs, who -had taken the baby on her ' knees. Br, Williams' SSnk Pills, bave sayedils life and made another man of htm. / - A friend, v.bo called in at this point said that Jarvis looked .ten yean younger that day than he dtd a fortnight pre viously, 'lean now/1 continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling h^s come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way £ am, X hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you : know I bave to be iu the very pink of health and strength to work , at that trade. I am better to-day than I bave been at any time during the past five years. X ascribe all the benefit and change to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no. pain now, however, and feel like a new man. On tho mantel piece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor jjjave'tge to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay wberp they are, fo? .| no longer net 5 them. Everybody who knows me bas been amazed at the ebange in me. They $a» hardly believe their eyes. My being abput again has caused quite a sensation out here.'. . Snob Is- the remarkable history, and confirms what ig said in all the chief newHHjipere of this country of the astoulBhing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, They , cure locomotor atajsy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the. many disorders which arise from an im.gfty«rk^ed atatei of tJw blood, euoh aa anmmifl, pale and sallo w complexion, general muBeular weakness, indisesiion. loEB of appetite, ahortueBS of breathe, {tains in tbebaek, nravoU8 headache, Ac. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name,,Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fox Pale People, and ate eold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. \- Mllianra' Medicine Company, OueenV Place, Sydney, will forw^d on receipt of stamp or po«t oider one box for2a9d, 