[?] — . A TRAVELLER'S TRAGEDY. I _ At daybreak Indian Tom emerged from bis "wickiup and stood at the doorway, open, as is the custom, toward the east, whence the desert tribes expect a Messiah. He sur- veyed the. rot bidding landscape with an air of proprietorship. Tall, gaunt, with an eye like a coyote's, and a skin clinging close to bis bony frame, tanned to yellow parchment by hundreds of electric storms, Indian Tom was a veritable wizard of the wilds. Not far to the westward rose the long, undulating outlines of the Funeral Moun tains bordering Death Valley. On every other- hand stretched the monotonous wastes of the Mojave Desert, now a long way of barren plain, now a range of hills rising above it. A few yards from Tom's habita tion was a pool of black water which oozed slowly from the ground on a "little slope. When it reached a certain level, it over flowed and trickled in a narrow rivulet along the sands into a piece of ground enclosed bv wires. Here it kept alive a scanty erowth of native grasses. In the background of Indian Tom's immediate landscape were dozens of burros, which constituted his worldly wealth and made him a lord among his fellows. When a burro became famished to the point of starvation on the sparse sage brush, it was admitted to the little enclosure and permitted to feed until it could stand strong upon its legs. Then it was eluboed forth npon the desert again. Indian Tom often sold burros to prospectors, but the number did not diminish, and the source ot constant supply was a mystery which no man bad fathomed. Above the low mountains in the distant east the sun rose like a ball of fire. There were no soft tints of blue and purple along the summit to herald the approach of dawn and. indicate a little moisture in the air. But instead came a suddpn flare of light that burned at once in the sky and along the mountain sides and on the wide reaches of the plains. The air was shot through and through with penetrating, stinging rays. Here and there appeared putfs of wind, whirling sand aloft, with an ominous, swing ing, funnel-like motion. And in the far north these gradually increased, until a cloud of dust hung like a curtain against the sky, higher above the earth than the tops of the highest mountains. Indian Tom surveved the scene, sniffed the hot blasts which saluted his withered nostrils, and muttered, in the composite lingo which he hsd picked up from prospectors of different nationalties ; 'Ugh ! Mucho calor ! Heap dam hot wind !' Then, as one of his squaws placed before him a chunk of dingy-looking bread, a black bottle, and a savoury combination of jack- rabbit and bacon, he squatted beside tbem, upon the ground, and attacked with great gusto, a breakfast which, for a desert Indian, was an epicure's dream. Three hours later the shifting gusts of wind had united in a constant furnace-blast. And at a point fifteen miles from Indian Tom's, across the range, and upon the edge i of the basin-like depression known as Death Valley, two men were suffering constant s torments from the almost insupportable heat. i At the first indications of an electric storm i they had prepared an insufficient shelter by ,i making a low tent of some canvas, under ; which they had crawled for protection. They ' had also tried to shield their two burros by ' i muffling their heads in gunny- sacks, to \- i screen them from the driving sands which i rode on the sweeping blasts of the norther. This S3nd penetrated everywhere, and cut -I the skin, if exposed, like needles. 1 4 I wonder if the critters is alive ?' said k! Anderson, in a luli of the tempest which ; j permitted the raising of hi< voice above the whistling of the wind. ' If they be,' he 1 added, ' 'twould be a mercy to wet their -i noses with a little water.' Grimes struggled to his feet, throwing off the weight of the canvas, which had been j pressed down upon them by the drifting i sand. Five minutes later the burros had " been resurrected, the gunny-sacks had been removed trom their heeds, and their mouths had been thoroughly sponged. When these things had Deen done, and everything had been adjusted for a probable recurrence of the tempest, the men found that they had just one canteen of water left, one which had been filled at Coyote Hole as they bad come past a few hours before. It had been kept until the last as being the freshest. They each took a ' pull' at this. It's pretty bitter and brackish, ain't it ?' Grimes remarked. ' Some way I never Jike that water. It tastes to me like arsenic and asphalt. But — by , it's good ! Give me some more. It's good, it's good, it's good. Ha ! this is life. No man knows what joy he can get out of a little thing until he's been almost dead with hunger or with thirst. Don't you think 50, pard r 'Don't he an idiotic fool,' Anderson replied. ' The wind's a-comin' up aeain . Better curl down here behind the outfit," and see that yon make that water go jest as fur as it will. If we can stand it till night, and the moon comes up, and the wind goes down, aud the burros is alive, and we can git to Indian Tom's, where there's water, we're all light. But if we can't— whv. then we're jest dead and buried, and that's all there is of it,' was Anderson's grimly philosophical r3Pfc When the sun went down, blood red in the west, the wind sank to rest, like the spent wrath of an angry giant. Tbe airy blankets of visible, palpitating heat, which had been pressing down upon the earth, -seemed lifted all at once and flung abroad into space. For a brief interval tbe darkness J of nigbt swept over the mountains, pierced in I the illimitable vault--, overhead, by thousands | of brilliant points of fire. Then the moon j came up, swimming in a sea of silvery radiance. Anderson and Grimes, by a sup reme effort, aroused themselves from the lethargy which had overtaken them in the. closing hours of the day, and prepared to -leave the spot where so much suffering had j been compressed into so brief a time. They had adjusted the pack npon Nobles, the smaller of the two burros, and were preparing to ' cinch' the load on Jerusalem, a "big and brawny specimen of her patient race, and their principal dependence as a pack animal. Anderson stood with his foot against her side, pulling on the rope that held the pack in place, when properly ad- justed. But there was no answering pull from the other side, where Grimes was stand- j ing. Anderson was angered. | 1 Why the devil don't yon pnll ?' he ! "thundered. Then, in gentler tones, ' Why, I boy, what in the name of Simon Peter's ghost is ailin' your Have you got the St. Vitus dance f ' Grimes was reeling in aimless circles, frothing at the mouth and making inarti culate cries of pain. Then he fell to the ground, ana his legs and arms threshed the ground with spasmodic contortions. Then came nausea, wor=-e than any seasickness. And a moment later Grimes sat up and 'palled himself together.' ' God V he said. ' That's terrible. It is the worst I ever had. Who would have thought a man could live through such pain as that ? ' I fell yon wh3t,' Anderson replied. You've eaten something that don't agree with you— it's almost like poison. You're locoed. We've got to camp' fiere again and make some coffee to settle your stomach.' Aftc-r a mile or two of travel almost in silence, Grimes called a halt. _ ' I'll have to yggt ' said. 1 I'm sick again. I hate to say so, but I can't go on.' 4 I'm pretty bad myself,' Anderson replied, when they had stopped. 4 Queer, isn t it r Then, suadenly, he felt the same symptoms which had so tortured his fnend, although in a lesser degree — spasmodic, uncontrol lable contractions of the muscles, a wretched nausea, and a burning, intolerable thirst, Winca seemed to dry up every atom of vitality and to cleave to the very centres of existence; But Anderson was strong, and he fought like a lion against his unseen foe. 'It was "in the water,' said Anderson. | We've been poisoned. Those devilish j coyote-bounty hunters have pat strychnine j in the springs. Five dollars for a coyote's scalp and a man or two thrown in. Hell, what a country this is !' ' It's that fiend, Indian Tom,' whispered Grimes. ' He's poisoned the water at Coyote Hole, and he'll be looking for our burros to morrow. If I can live long enough to stick a knife into him, I'll be satisfied.' They traversed the sloping rim of Death Valley and the comparatively level ground above it, and came to the long, winding canon which opens upon the confines of the valley and, at its upper extremity, forms a pass in the Funeral range, beyond v.-hich lie those continuations of the desert where, at this time, Indian Tom's wickiup and the adjacent springs were the most important signs of life. At intervals, when Jerusalem, staggering beneath her double load, stopped to rest, Anderson was com pelled to listen to the delirious ravings of his friend, who constantly begged for sur cease from pain by death as for some priceless favour. 'The situation was iutolerablv oppressive to Anderson. The physical pain which he Endured, although terrible, was nothing in comparison with his mental torments as he listened to his friend. There were moments when he despaired of the issue, and argued with himself that neither could survive the toilsome j mrney ; that both must die ; and that it were better to end all at once. They had almost completed the ascent of the canon, and the burros paused, from sheer inability to move further, upon the highest point, where the sides of the gorge dropped abruptly away into unknown depths, shrouded in darkness, where there was no fantastic play of the moonlight. Here- Grimes called softly for wafer, a-king in the tone of a spoiled child who believes that its mother denies its request from caprice. There was something in the tone and in the repeated, insistent demand that cut Anderson to the heart. It was really such a little thing, yet so impossible. ' Water, water, won't you give me water? Only one drop, one little drop, and I'll be satisfied.' Come,' said Anderson, gently, 'can't you be yourself for jest a minute ? Don't you know that I can't give you water? Try to reason jest a little.' ' Water!' was the imperious reply — ' water, or kill me, in mercy !' Anderson drew his revolver from its bolster for the first time. The moonlight glanced from the polished steel as he held the handle towards Grimes. He intended to test him. ' Here is the revolver, he said. 4 Take it and use it. ' ' I can't,' was the reply. 'My arms are paralysed. I can't lift my elbows. Don't you see that I'm only a wreck of a man — nothing left of me except a voice and a brain that's all on fire ? Anderson, I'm myself now. I know what I'm saying, and I call on you, as you are my friend, to do your duty.'. Anderson hesitated for a moment. He wavered to and fro and toyed with the le- volver, undecided. Then, with a quick movement, he turned the weapon upon hi3 own heart and pulled the trigger. Ther was a report, followed by a cry. Anderson threw his arms into the air, fell, clutched vainly at the edge of the precipice, and dis appeared into the depths. Again, at the first break of day, Indian Tom 'stood at - the door of his wickiup, holding erect his meagre form, unbent by the weight of s hundred years, and gazing into the far reaches of the landscape. The atmosphere, swept by the norther of the day before free from every particle of moisture, was perfectly transparent, and every outline of the mountains, every naked rock and shrunken desert bush, was distinct with a startling individuality. Here and there a jack-rabbit bounded over the barren plain, or a coyote sneaked away from the approach of day. Shuffling unsteadily across the sands came two grey forms which Tom watched intently from their first appearance in tbe distance. Nobles was in advance, with the lighter load, crazed for water, and frantic to bury her nose in the black, sluggish ooze beneath the shadow of Tom's habitation. Then came Jerusalem, trembling with fever and weari ness, and staggering under her two- fold burden. For, lyirg back upon the blankets, tied so that it could not fall, were a human form, rigid, uncovered, the beard and cheeks bleared with bloody foam, the glassy eyes staring unmoved into the face of the morning sun. Then Indian Tom, lifting his hands to the east, chanted, in guttural monotone, a verse of thanksgiving to the -Spirit on high who puts into the white man's heart the lust of gold, and sends him forth iDto the wilds, driving his deft footed little beasts laden with the miner's pick and pan, with tobacco, with bacon, and, best of all, with whisky, which warms the marrow and gladdens the heart of the Great Father's dusky servant. — T. BRTTCY. 