a haunted house, I don't belong to any society, but Intake- a great interest in what1 are called-occolt'inystow. ios. 1 pursue my investigations iu my own way, and nob long ago waa on tho look ont for a'haatitod house. I had an open mind oo -the subject of hauutinga ; all I wonted was to prove the truth one way or another, I board, after some research, of iv bouse iu the northern outskirts of London— there aro many lonely pluce9 about? there. 1 arranged with tho agent to have the use of the house for a week. He assured me it was quite empty— not evou a caretaker wao iu it. No one, of oourso, would como near it, os the belief in ite bring haunted was profound, and the whole neighbourhood shunned it. This looked eligible. I dopartod one even ing, io high spirits, for my solitary vigil. Of course, , there was a in order connected with tho boose, but the exact nature of the haunting I had never been able to get at. To discovor this would be part of my work. It was early autumn, at, tbe moonless part of the month, so that the nights wore dark, but not cold, and I needed no fire. I suppliod my self with food and light. The boose looked decidedly gruesome— in a melancholy state of dilapidation, windows broken, shutters off their hinges, tbo door stops green with damp ; the garden was a wil derness. However, 1 bave a largo fund of animal spirits, I am the right aido of forty, and my life has been au easy one ; I am not, therefore, a person of in jods or ready depres sion. I explored my temporary possession uu- scared by tbe rash of rate and mico and the cracking of loose flooring. Fortnnatoly I found some old furniture— oseless even to tbe poorest second-baud dealer— scattered about the bouse; somo of this— a few choirs aud a tablo— 1 brought down into one of the rooms that seemed best to serve my purpose. What wss I going te do P you— If you are un initiated— rauy csk. Why, sit up for a ghost— or an appearanco, hallucination— what yoa like to call it. It sounds fuouy : I can quite see (hat.; and you may think that if I saw any thing it wouldu't prove much. Somebody else, of course, would explain it away. But, any how, here I was. It wnsu't my cue to remain in one place. Tho ghost— or hallucination— might be disportiug itself in obc part while I waited in tbe other, und we tibould thus be dodgiug etoh other— a sort of hide aud seek. Bo I roamed about up and down very muob as if I had been tho per turbed spirit. Everywhere I heard creaks, groaniogs, flappings— no wouderthe place was believed to be haunted. I aui certain every plank bad the dry rot in it. I had some supper and eiijoyod it ; a spirit stove supplied me with hot coffee— my only drink, remember. Then I composed mysolf on two chairs. I may have dosed ; I remember thinkiug tbe sileoce oppressive, and thou suddenly starting up at some sound below.' What was it ? No doubt I ought to have gone to the door and looked out, aud perhaps called out, to sec what or who was there ; but I stood atilL If you about out rudely to a— well, a ghost, you destroy your own purpose. This may have boen my reflection— I don't say it was. Sol waited— as any scientific man would. Why did I attach any partionlar importance to this sound? Well, it was different from all I. bad beard— liko somebody groping in the dark. A gbaot wouldn't grope, you objeot ; ghosts aro familiar with tbe dark Exactly ; that's quite right ; but it didn't oncuc to mo at thr time. A door dosed— I'm snro it did ; and tboro was a door shutting off tbe paasage leading from my room to tho rest of the house. I fancied, too, tho key wss turned— but this must bave been fancy. What was it— who? A 6tealthy step enme right up to my door, paused— good heavens ! a ghost at ouch olese quarters ! It came in— it— ho— something ! 2 fell back io my chair ' I heard a horrid laugh, then something cold touched mo on the forehead. A hand— a ghostly baud, of course— I thought wildly, then oponed my eyes. 44 You keep still and I won't 'urt yon, " said a gruff voice. 44 Looking after ghosts, wss you ? Well, l'm:the ghost— a rum sort, as I wsuts that there watch of yonrn." I am no more defloiootin courage than most men— I bad thought I was moro efficient in (he matter of nerves. But with a pistol held at your head it is necessary for thu most cour ageous to temporise I cursed myself for a fool iu coming to this lonely plsee unarmed 44 Look hero, my good friend," I began. "Ob, Lord ! stow that ! Good friend, indeed ! Pork out that there watch !" 1 did not wear a gunrd ; my watoh was car ried loose in my vent pocket. It was a valuable gold one ; worse still, a gift." 41 You may as well remove your pistol," I said ; 11 1 have uo weapon." 44 You've got 'ands, ain't yer P You might Hoar me. Got any .money ? Pork out that too." I had some gold about me I banded that out— tbora wss no help for tt. I hoped it might appease 'the wretoh'a desire for. my watoh. How in tbo flood's name did he know I was here ? Had that Idiot of an agent been blabbing ? 1 didn't mean to lose my life for my wateb, but l did mean to make a try for both. I said oarelossly: That is a trifle of money. I have plenty more, though not about mo. Thu watoh is of more valuo to tno than it oonld be to you." I did not tkhik my ttsssilsnt waa a regular burglar; he did not look like it ; and no burglar would come to a deserted bouse on the chance of a gbost-buntcr bring unarmed. The mau was probably ono of tho bad characters every neigh bourhood puomsiics. 44 You think I'm agoiu' to trust you, do ysr ?" be decuandod soeeriogly 44 No ; I ain't than. You just give tne that there ticker and I'll clear out, and you can look arte? ycr gliosis iigic. Yer didn't think to meet ouch a ghost as inn?'' He gnffswed.I, In silent dignify, measured my ahnners of knocking his pistol up and ftee- iug myself, (5ut he was a confoundedly esntious lrilcw— bonuver once released his bold cm the trigger, And who was to know if 1 were murdered in this desolate place ? Ditdaluiug inveotivc, 1 drew out tbe watch. Ho ccfced it 44 My eye J" ho 'arid, 44 ain't that a w turner, n»l uo mistaJco I " ' Since you have gut all of value 1 possess about dus," I observwl pcllfcrfy, 44 perhaps you trill do ine tt.e favour to withdraw," e4All ricbt1gov,nor, Yoa won't eotoe ft-leoltiu after them blooming ghosts agin ia a 'urry, vrifl jtx ? Lerd t ate'C this '«e ptiot Well ill be off. Much obtigod, tfit, for what you' ve gov mn. Good- Bight, uiid I you xuay find ghoat aa won't -want breed nud choose/-1 Vftrh rrbirti focutiuoa adieu ha retired but atili covering me with the pistdh I heard him unlock— yes, I'm certain now at that— iho passage door It slammed, end I was alone. I'm afraid I awore extensively— awesrinj; is an awful relief, aud I was as med as 1 could bo. If only 1 hadn't boon suoh a craven fool when I board those sounds I could have kept my monoy, my watch, and my srif- reapcot. As ifc was, ThatoA mysolf ; I hwdtt't a penny to get buck to town, nud I qauilud 6tho smiles of Scotland Yonl and the chorus of fun iu tho - papers. Catch mo running after ghosts agaiu ! Aftor alh how would my solitary experience i provo ttoy truth :? Huog the tenth 1 tramped \t homo. Fortunately I am a bachelor, wwt'l havivno inquisitive wifo to want to know. 1 tnadu cautious inquiries at tho agents anything eonld bav tarn kuownof mv . . sk taoetrtffo tenancy of tbe haunted root? £ didn't wiflb'tho-newspaporo to got baldoLit, I pt explainod. - ,.i " Oh, dear, no, sir P' roplled the agent, with -overmuch zeal ; I quite understand bow > nn pleasant yoa'd find it. No, sir ; I givb y otf ! my word I haven't told- anyone." ) 44 Perhaps the ghost told the burglar then, b I said to myself grimly. < . £ Mot bairatod houaos alone after that. j| decided that they were not good GuldB forin j veatigation, aud parsaed my otndies in othof directions. . My friends are not srientlQo, and it is a more satisfactory plun in these coattorf to have two observers— oo eery muob safer tti every way. 