The Golden Rock; OR LAURA ANSTRADE. By EBNEST 6LAN7ILLE. Author of "The Dost Heiress," "TheFair Colonist," "The Fossickers," etc. CHAPTER XXXIII.— (Continued.) There was an exclamation troin and she came swiftly in holding one of the rifles. "Look," she said. "I have found ail our guns and belongsngs. Webster caught the rifle and opened the breech. "Loaded! Ah, now, we re all right." " Hume sighed heavily. "Do your eyes pain you still, she asked, gently. "No; but to be blind at such a ttme as thSs. It is that. Good heavens! if I could only see a little — a very little. She looked into his face, and, with a curious thrill, saw that the tears were streaming down his cheeks. She took bis hand and patted it. "I am not weeping," he said, with a ghost of a smile, "but the treatment of the old woman makes my eyes water." "Thank God," said Webster, fervently; and he grasped Hume's disengaged hand in a warm pressure. "What do you mean?" asked Frank, hoarsely, while Ms hand tightened In a convulsive grasp on Laura's fingers. "I mean that your eyesight will be re stored. I saw a similar recovery on the Barracouta, and I remember the sur geon's joy when he saw the water run from the powder-burnt eyes of the patient." "I cannot see yet," muttered Hume, as he raised his fingers to the bandage. "Nay, man, wait a little longer; you are in the hands of the old woman, and must trust the cure to her. But, belier e me, Frank, you will see sight on youi rifle when the Zulus come again." "And the sunlight and the trees," he whispered; "and the face of our sis ter." "Which." she said, "would you like to see first?" "Well," he said, "I would like very much to see my feet, for they appear now not to belong to me, and then one look round the hoiizqn. But the idea frightens mciVand he leanV against the door again With folded arms, while, Web ster paced to ai\d fro, ;and .Laura. istood looking at the qdife 'figure and the' three natives, dimly outlined on the Door. Suddenly the rshafts of sunlight that streamed through the lower cracks were" cut off, and the black line of sliadow crept steadily up the wall, until the nar row ceil was faintly illumined by one broad streamer only, and this they watched slowly fade away, leaving tliem in impenetrable gloom. "It is verv still." muttered Hume. "Yes," said Webster; "it is oppressive. I suppose the night is upon us, hut the light is turned off as though it had been under command. We must not stay- here it would be folly— madness." There came a sound of. shuffling, and the voice of Klass, sounding hollow, call ed out, "Are you there?" "What have you seen?" ' "Ah, it was so still I thought you had been swallowed up. The Zulus are in three parties; one has marched up the valley, another is by the river, and the rest stay near here, where they were encamped before." "Are they keeping watch over the ruins?" "Heh, sieur, I think they fear the stones and the things in them, at night." ".Then let us get out of this," said Webster. . "Wait a while," said Hume, for an animated discussion had sprung up be tween the natives, and he was listening .Intently. The strange chief was evi dently emphasising some point with great importance, and the smack of his fingers into the open palm mared off each point. "Does he think the Zulus are deter mined to find us?" asked Hume. "Oh, aye," said.Sirayo; "yoh, I have no more snuff. They will attack to morrow, and if they do not .succeed the .others will come to their help. But they do not want us!" . "They do. not want, us?" . "So -the chief says. They came -here the thud of his assegai was heard as It struck the floor. . "They find us here. It is the worse -for us— but they do not seek us. So says the cMef." \- "Is .there such a treasure?" "No chief would tell where the grain pit Is dug In the kraal or if It were full of grain.. But the Zulus -do not hunt on a cold'spoor. If they came after riches, who will say they are not here?" "But who told the Zulus of the store? They were encamped here before, and did not enter the ruins?" . Sirayo .repeated this, and the chief, with an angry exclamation, poured out a volume of excited words. - .."He-says the-secret must have been told them by one of the witch-doctors who lived here, and .who alone knew of it with the chiefs." " ; There was a noise in the ropm of someone moving. Laura cried out that something had brushed against her, and there was a scraping, followed by a rash of cold wind. . Each grasped a weapon, and deep, silence ensued as they listened; then Webster struck a match, and, as the feeble light spread, they followed its path through the darkness. "Yoh," exclaimed Klaas, whose eyes gleamed as tbey rolled, " the umtagati (witch-doctor) has gone;" and he thrust his assegai through an opening in the wall opposite the gap through which they had entered. The match went out, and the stranger chief gave a sharp exclamation. "What the deuce is in the wind now?" demanded Webster, impatiently. "Treachery!" said Hume. " Was that the Informer?" he asked, in Zulu. "Eweh," said Sirayo, fiercely; " my fingers itched to grasp him by the throat « it til. _ - _ «..il inaJ tVirnilffVl as lie sax were line an e it the afternoon. He is one of those who knew the secret, so says the chief, and he roust have given the word to the Zulus last night." "And now he will go straight to them, tell them where we are, that half of us are wounded." "Eweh, he will do that." "For heaven's sake," said Webster, "give me the bearings of this matter." Hume explained. Webster laughed fiercely. "We've missed port again, but I'm hanged if I weigh anchor now." "A few minutes ago you were anxious to get away from here." "Look here, Frank, we are after a treasure. There's no doubt we've been mad to push on; but if there is a trea sure here we would be mad to give it up. What do you think yourself?" "Leave me out of the question. Let Laura, decide." Slrayo's deep voice interposed. " The chief has a plan." "Wait awhile, Laura. What is this plan?" "He says it would be no good to leave this place unless you take the backward path up the mountain, for on the plain you would be seen and attacked In the open. This is a strong place that a few men can hold. The Zulus will attack in the morning, after they have eaten. You will hold them off till the sun is high? To-night one of us will leave, cross the river, and gather the people to fall on the Zulus. He cannot go, for his hurts are deep; neither a white man, for the peopie would not follow him; neither the Gaika; for he is not of their race. It is I who will go. Soh! That is the plan.and It is good." Hume interpreted, and Webster bang ed his clenched hand into the open natm "SnlftnrtW" Ha criPi? "Now, Laura, the decision remains with you." "I am tired," she said, in low tones. "I could not climb the mountain if we retreated. Let us stay." "What we decide to do must be done quickly," said Sirayo. "If you find your way to the people, Sirayo, will they not turn upon you?" "The chief has given me the word and a sign. They will follow Sirayo," said the chief, proudly. "Then let it be as you wish." "I will go," said the chief, rising; "I must swim the river, and though the way is not far I will be longer than if I had both arms. .. But when the shadow is shiall at your feet you will hear Si rayo's war.-cry," Without another word he passed from the room by the way Klaas had taken. CHAPTER XXXIV.— SIRAYO'S MIS SION. After climbing through the hole, Si rayo found himself In a passage so nar row that his broad shoulders jammed, and he was obliged to edge along side ways, and so dark that he had to feel his way with his toes. It bent sharply to the left, and after he had shuffled on about twenty, paces he found an open ing, above,, and mounting on projecting stones reached the top of the wall, from which he dropped Into the open pas sage. This coiled round and round in widening circles until at last he stood on the outermost fringe, from which he mini tliA f7.il,. a haa Ban vuc vi Attuu AIA Co- «LUUU(.> yards distant. Creeping round the wall to tbe opposite side he saw, far off, the gleam of camp fires straight ahead in the direction of the Golden Rock, and then to the left, towards the river, the : lights of still another encampment. The stars shone brilliantly out of the black sky, the air was cool and refresh ing. He drew a long breath, looked back at the dark pile, so much like a mound of the dead, but he almost shud dered, then sprang lightly to the ground, paused awhile, listening, and si lently slipped away in the direction of the river straight towards the Zulu fires. He heard the_ distant lowing of cattle complaining at being hurriedly driven . in the night, sharp yelping of dogs, the angry uttering of a war song chanted by deep "throats. : -They were sounds familiar to his -ear. They told of war and victory, or premeditated riot in the morning, of a frightened people desert ing their kraals in the night with such of their goods and their cattle as they - could hastily .collect, of terrified children and wailing women, of men who had lost heart. He knew them well. Often in his daring youth and stormy man hood he had burst upon some peaceful village slumbering amid waving fields of maize and seen the scattered survi vors flying to the woods or rocky re treats in neighboring krantz. Like a hurricane he had swept over the land, leaving desolation in his track, and the wailing of innumerable women widowed by his terrible regiment, the quavering cry of children made fatherless by him, seemed to mingle with that tremulous cry that came on the night air from be yond the river. His iron soul stirred under these blood-stained memories at the thought that now, in his grim age, the last of his band, an outcast, without authority or possessions beyond the as segai in his hand, he was hurrying to the relief of the helpless. He strode on faster over the level plain, his nostrils expanding, his tireless sinews stiffening until his gait was as clear and springy almost as in youth, when he led his vic torious warriors to the fight. The reflection before him shone in a ring of flame, then as he rapidly ad vanced this split up into separate flames and he slackened his speed to approach stealthily. There were ten fires in a circle, about each there squatted ten warriors, some of them chattering as they ate, others flinging their war cry across the river telling what they would do in the morning. Little did they dream in their confidence of the dreaded OTiomv whnsp fierce eves took note of their numbers, and who, slipping away to the right, turned his steps to the river. He stood on the high banks, listening to Its soft mysterious murmur, trying to pierce the gloom on the further bank, and unshaken by the eye-like reflections of the brighter stars, through which the Spirit of the River looks out upon the venturous mortal seeking to draw him into the clutch of the waters. At a spot where the bank was low he went down to the water, felt the depth with his assegai, then gently slipping in, so that he made no sound to disturb a lurking crocodile, he waded until the cold water mounted his chin, when he fixed his as segai in his waist band, and struck out with his right arm. A few strokes he made until with his toe he touched the bottom again, then struggled on the bank, reached the top, and all wet as he was he ran In the direction of the con fused hoise. His way was soon barred by the thorn fences to the cultivated lands ui which he could hear some strayed cattle munching at the forbidden food, but with unerring instinct he found a dis secting footpath, and passed through several kraals, deserted by everything save a few curs which yelped at his heels, before returning to forage- in the abandoned huts. Then he came up with a string of old people feebly struggling along, who stood still to look at him with bleared eyes, and next upon a band of women, swinging along under great bundles borne on their heads. At the sight of this glistening figure -at their side, that had come' without warning, and of his head-ring sign of the dreaded Zulu, they threw down their bundles and ran shrieking away, while at the noise vouner children ahead cried out shrilly, communicating the alarm to the men who were in advance driving the cattle. The men called to each other, and the rush of their foot could be heard. "What is it?" they shouted. "We know not," said a boy's clear voice; "but our mothers cried that the Zulus were upon us. Give me an asse gai. I will fight, too." "Run, my child, run," called out a wo- ! man's voice. ' "Stand where you are, and I will do you no harm;" and as the deep voice rolled above the noise there was im? mediate silence. "Soh! Let your chief Induna come forward, I have a message." "Do not heed him," cried the woman, "he will slay you." "There is but one," cried another, "kill him; nay, let us tear him to pieces." "Stop, or toy the bones of Chaka I will beat you till you cry for mercy. Let the boy who spoke advance. Come." "My son, my son, do not heed." "Nay, I will go since I am chief." and there came to the great Zulu a stripling, with his eyes gleaming, and the hand that held the assegai thrown back. "You speak tb us as though we were dogs! Who are you?" Sirayo's eyes rested on the boy ; then glanced around. "Tell your men to kefep back. I hear them stealing through the grass like snakes." The boy turned, and called to the men to Keep DacK. "Good! You will be a chief some day!" "I am a chief now," said tbe boy, proudly, "since my father was killed." A strange light leapt from Sirayo's eyes. "Take that, oh, child, and tell me what It is!" and he held out some thing, after sticking the point of his as segai in the ground. The boy looked at the gigantic figure before him, then snatched the thing, and held it close to his eyes. "It is the war plume of my father— Umkomaas." "Yebo. He lives; but be is in danger, and if . you would save him you must obey me. Say that to tbe people." The boy turned instantly and shouted the message, whereupon the women name forward, - while the man talked. "How do we know this is true?" asked an old man, suspiciously. "You know by the plume, by the word that your chief lies in the old place of stones, by the wound I received in his defence, by the sign of the snake skin round my arm. I have said enough. Let those who obey the chief Umko- maas stand on this side." Sirayo beginning suavely, ended by ringing out in a stern command, and quelled by the authority in his tone, a few of the young men ranged up behind him. "What means this, son of Umkomaas, are your warriors quicker to run than to obey?" There was a threatening murmur from the dark mass of men who had gathered opposite to Sirayo and his small party. "Who are you that we should obey?" "Who am I? Well do you ask, for never yet have you seen a warrior like me. I am he who was the first war chief of the Zulus of the south. I have led, I have fought, I have conquered since I was a boy like' this son of Umkomaas; I am Sirayo!" They fell back before this name, and the women fled again; for the fame of the great chief, spreading from tribe to tribe, had entered their remote valley. "Yes, I am Sirayo, and there never was a warrior yet who would not have left all to follow him at his command. You have heard; nqw, without more words, will you obey?" "Bayate!" they cried and thundered on their shields— all but a few Indunas, who would feign probe their suspicions by prolonged discussion. "It is well. Let" there be no more thought of flight. Your women will re turn to their kraals. The men will take their weapons and meet in the great kraal. Every man will take his place In his own regiment, and the Indunas will take their proper positions. Ad vance!" In a vast semi-circle within the great kraal themen drew up In something like order, regiment on regiment, to a num ber of 2000— each regiment with shields differing in color from those carried by the others. Sirayo marched through the lines, towering a head -above them, and the rows of gleaming eyes followed him, trying in the dark to decipher the features of their new leader. It was an impressive scene— this large body of men. silent and waiting, drawn up under the stars within the wide circle of huts. "Your enemies are few," he said, "you are many. Why did you think of flight?" "They had killed our fetish, and the witch doctors, said we were doomed," came the response. "They lied, they|prere In league with the enemy. Whicli of the regiments suf fered most in the fight?" "We of the Rock," said a young Indu na, proudly; "nearly half of our bro thers lie beyond, and they fell facing the foe. I, Inyami, say it." "The Regiment of the Rock will draw up on my right." There was a movement, and from.ilie mass, frith active steps, a body of about 300 drew up. Sirayo recognised the red and white shields of the men who had first sided with him. "The -regiment of tried fighting men will now draw up on my left." "It is the Regiment of the Snake," said a deep voice, and at the command a body of- about 500 flue warriors march- ed to the left, giving a booming shout as they fell into columns. " Who leads the Regiment of the Snake?" "I. Chanda." "Chanda, listen! You will at once lead your men down the river towards the place of stones. On the further bank you will see the fires of a band of Zulus. Camp over against them, singing your war song. In the morning, when they retire, you will cross the river and at tack them in the rear." "Will they retire?" "I have said it. Heed my words. When they retreat you must cross and follow. Depart, and make much noise." Chanda gave his orders, and the regi ment, accompanied by a shrill whistling from those who remained, filed out of the gates and went chanting into the night, and as they sung they struck the hafts of their assegais against their shields. "Chanda has done well. Let the others obey as promptly. I want, now, picked men from the regiments in the centre to make good the Regiment of the Rock. Inyami, select your men." The young Induna advanced and touched, with his assegai, the men he wanted, ticking them off on his fingers, until two hundred stood out and fell in with the Regiment of the Rock. "Sons of Umkomaas, little chief with sthe big heart, I place you over the men who remain in the centre. You will sleep here, but when the sun is up you Wilt II1U/TUU. IfUlCK.iy iU IUC U1U ovv«<.« where your father lays.-' "Shall I not go at once, oh, chief?" "Nay, do as I say. Inyami. listen. The largest body of Zulus Ue at the place of the Shining Rock. Is it not so?" "It is so, great chief." "You will lead on to the nearest drift. We will cross the river to-night with your regiment, and draw up before the Zulus. There must be no noise. We steal like panthers on. the prey— si" leht and hungry. If any man speaks so much as one word it will be his last. "Do you heed?" "Eweh, oh chief!" ''Come, then;'.' and placing himself be- 5 side Inyami.- -he led the regiment to- . wards the river. The war song of Chan- - ; da's regiment on the march came plain ly -on -the wind, and -In -response they, heard the deep booming of the Zulu chant. The enemy recognised that some movement was afoot, though w their confidence they never expecten that their defeated foes would dare to attack them. (To be concluded.) 