? GHOSTS M 'ENmilmLjP Wardley-hali,; near Manchester, which belongs to; the JJajriL of Elles mere and the trustees of .the Duke of Bridgewaterr- is being modern ised and repaired, 'in order that M*.- J; Cairns,- the outside manager for 'the'Brideewatef trustees, mav take up his residence there. The house, which lies near the main road,. leading from Manchester to the north, and but a few minutes' walk from the ill-fated Sand hole colliery, Walkden, which has been on fire nearly three months, is famous as one of England's haunted homes. In a glass box is kept what is deemed the cause of many strange dis turbances — namely, a skull,, said to be. that of one Eoger Downes, a 'rake-hell ' Cavalier of Charles the Second's Court, and the last of an old. family. After gambling, and drinking one night Downes walked out with a drawn sword, swearing to kill the first man he met, and kept his word, his victim being a poor tailor. By Court influence he avoided punishment for his crime, and pursued his career more wildly than ever. One evening, shortly afterwards, his sister and cousin, who lived at Wardley-hall, were sur prised to receive a strange-looking box by the waggon from Man chester, On opening it they were horrified to find inside a grinning, skull, and; a communication in a quaint j crabbed hand,' to the .effect that, it was Eoger Dbwnes's head. He had been killed in a' brawl on London Bridge, his head cut off; his body thrown in the Thames — the writer, an eye-witness of the affair, forwarding it to Wardley with the significant announce ment, 'Heaven has avenged the innocent blood which he has . shed. ' His relatives tried to ? keep the story a secret, hilt. 1TI ? Vfl.in ''Mn errmm ' ontro ' Harland's Lancashire Legends,' ' would hold the head ; no triple locked box of iron would keep it captive,' There was no rest till it was placed in the window of the library, its eyeless sockets looking out over the domain it formerly ruled. Two centuries and more have passed, and any attempt to disturb the skull has always brought disaster upon the dis turber. At least such is the fixed belief of the country side. One man attempted to break it up, but was taken with violent pains in his limbs as though being cut to pieces, while even to remove the skull from its accus tomed resting-place is said to have caused terrible thunderstorms and disturbances in the district. Thomas Burnitt, the Manchester antiquary, paid Wardley-hall a visit at the close of the last century, and wrote of the skull as 'a surprising and most unusual piece of household furniture.' He adds that one of the party removed it from its position to a dark corner. ' That night a violent storm arose— 'trees were blown down and cottages unroofed,' but on the skull being returned to its accustomed place 'these dis turbances of Nature ceased.' Such are some of the strange stories con cerning Wardley - hall, and the inhabitants round , about implicitly believe them. Whether the alter ation in the old mansion will annoy the '.spirit of the skull' yet re mains to be seen, but in any case, owing to its past history, the old place will always be of interest. 