POINTS. ' DhIEF E.VOIMaSB FOR RAILWAYS. ,'ThTS. . officer has now been baok from his visit to America, &e.;, a considerable timo.- It will be interesting to know, when lio intends putting in his report. Porhape some member of Parliament will nsk the question ; also,", the cost of suoh to the country, if any ? Q.N. Bank Commission. Surely it is about time this document was made public, or are tlio public to bo treated to a little mo'ro v dodgery? : ' r- Says Mr. Fauro to Corporal Czar, ' '-' Great Cnssnr's ghost, you aro n. daisy ; ' Says Corporal Czar to Mr. Faure, Between us we'll rauko tho Johnnies go aiay. pithstdent Faube's triumph on his return to Paris will not bo supported by the, racialists. That is very sad, but if they do not throw lombs thoir absenoo' will not niuko much difforonce. The federation folic want to hold a con vention in Brisbane in January. , Say February ; it would settle thcra nil. It is said that tho Amoor line not boon ' . . " directly " concoruod in tho rising of the tribes. Very likely, and it requires no - prophet to toll that. But tilers nro tnapy other ways of killing a dog besides feeding hint on beefsteaks. Tim- American Government must surely winlc ut Cuban filibustering expeditious. : It would bo impossibln to despatch such expedi tions from Great Britain. Kveby person remembers what happened to Great, Britain because tho Yankees woro smart cnougli to clear away with the Alabama' from Birkenhead andor cover of night. If the Spaniard should come out on top in Cuba after all tho Americans may have to pay through tho nose, tho sums .way ,as . Wondek how the uctiug-Premior and his colleagues will explain last night's blow-up . to Sir Hugh when lie reaches hoino. Moral. Ho should never go from home; The Greeks unmiot pay tho war indemnity unless somebody lends the money, and nobody can bo found to obligo them, without 'a guarantee. SALisnuRY'a proposal that three of the great Powers should guurunteo the loan' has . been tabooed by Russia and Germany. As Italy's guars 11 too. would not bo worth tho paper it would bo written on, and EYance only feniains, that way out ie elosed. - Besides, the Cologne Gazelle, which is always in the insido track us to all its in formation, lias found that the duties proposed ' to bo assigned by Greece to pay the interest aro already hypothecated. Ait, this is so much gain to the Sultan, who can be imagined soaping his lean hands and grinning with delight. The pattern colony, of New Zealand got a character from ono of its judges the other day. Alluding lo tbe continued occurrence of burglaries and robberies, he said tbe polios were shorthunded nndmore raon were wanted. Tn Auckland things bad got to such a stato that it was unsafe for respectable people to venture out after dark. ; New South Wales Legislative Council desired to alter the Commonwealth Bill just a little. ' . ' The amendmcnts.eubmitted on tlie'measura were so numerous and of so drastic ' a character that Mr. Barton, who had obargo' of it, got tired of the documout and loft tho Chamber. Most of the amendments, it was said, had the object of destroying tho federal oharaotor of the bill, und the convention will be asked not to notice the proposed alterations. AnvERTtsnas will study their own interests if thoy uvail themselves of Saturday's Tele graph. Circulation over 10,000. Make a 'note of this. ' Supposing him about to relent a little, Mr. Fuxton reminded Mr. Leahy, last night that he: bad already said some hard things about lawyers. ' ' ' ' .'"Lawyers," 'said Leahy in a tone whioh seemed to imply. n feeling, of. deep regrot, but wus meant for soorn.' He added: '.'"What man in his proper . senses would say anything but hard things about lawyers? ; Habuaobb got up regretfully shortly after 0 o'clock lust night to talk about tho Land Bill. ' Heknew.tbat.it would bo impossible for him to crowd all ho bad to' say into the short time which remained to .him before bed time. Therefore Ills wholo uttoranco looked that brisk vivacity . which the ..lion., member usually, displays when he is untrammelled by time, uiid on with his favourite subject. ' What he had to say had to he sandwiched in, so to speak, between - sighs at liis limita tions Hud assurances that lie did not propose to . keep tho House out its blankets unduly long. A' gallery prophet's comment on Mr. Hardcore : " Ho lms always been in Opposi tion, and always will bo. , Ho will be in Op position when the decrees are pronounced on Judgment Day." The hon. member for Leiohbardt confossed to being iu nn extremely awkward position In the House yesterday. He said: " Unfortunately I should like to sit down but I cannot sit down.V ; Pooii Hiirdnero! But instead of ' tho sympathy duo to it man in that most awk ward of prodioumonts, ho wus laughed at by his friends and enemies alike. But be can take a lot of .that kind) of thing and umilo serenoly sweetly in tho ahoras. '.' It takes many raon to sit on an aero, especially a hard aero. > During Glussey's spoooh on the seoond reading , of the -Land Bill someone on tho Qovornment benches cruelly interjected, " What about tho communal settlements?" This drew tho retort from the leador of tho lubuur party to the offeab that be did not boliovo tlio Government over intondod tho " communal " land settlements to prosper. . He also said the Government took, par- , tioulnr oaro that the attearat which was madn to stifle the venture should bo successful. The annual report of tho Curator of Intestate Estates for last year is in some respects an interesting document. It shows that from January 1 to December 31, tho estntcs of over 900 poreons, who died leaving property but no will, wero dealt with and administered. Most of tho estates aro small, hut one oxoccds £3,000. The total expenditure in connection with the benevolent asylum at Dunwiuh, for 1806, was £1 1,901 12s. 4d. The total number of inmates resident at various times during the year was 1,168. 