-!A STORY OK young OLD ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. LY Ki{ E DERI OK RURDOX. • ^ CHAPTER 1. ' liif: domain of Kildermay was of great •extont. and its records dated back- to the Not man Conquest its lief was hold bv Baron de I-acc-y, who obtained it from the Conqueror” in satisfaction for mili tarysernces. Rut in course of time that family died out. and the domain passed from knight to squire till, in tlie time of ■Queen Elizabeth, it had been reduced to less tnan half its former acreage. The •Norman castle built by the m-st baron whioli had for centuries been a terror to the surrounding country, had bo -conic a ruin, and the greater part had lieen utilised by adding to it a new •-structure of the Elizabethan style. About fifty years prior to the eom snencement of the foilowjng events the 'domain had been purchased hv a. weal thy Scotchman of . the name of Good win, who considerably increased the ■size ortho estate, so that at this time it fell little short of its original extent. Goodwill was a bachelor, by repute, of -a niorose temper,- and at constant war with his neighbors, so that he was ignored by them—:a condition of things which rather pleased than irritated. On ~the death of a near relation he had taken charge of two children, a boy and ta girl, to whom lie became devotedly at tached. and it was no secret that they .would be his heirs. The only other member of tlie family rwas a ne’er-do-well, who! before the • advent of the two children, had looked Tupon the estate as his on the death of his uncle. He was a man of about .forty years of a^ri*. fonder of the gay -•city than the quiet country, and bore a •character the reverse of good. Robert •Goodwin died, and, to the surprise of 'everybody, left no will—at least, none -could be found, and. in eonsequeifce, •John Rawdoii became his licir. The tillage of Ivildermav lies in a hol low formed by tlie slope of the sur rounding lulls. It can boast no claim to historical notice, for from the day the first stone of its oldest cottage was laid Sts existence had been humdrum, save for an occasional rara avis in the shape -of a visitor to the hostelry. But its tor por had begun to pass away for ever under the slowly grinding wheel of Time, which had brought two changes -against which fell monotony itself was hot proof. One was material.and awoke ■the echoes of the hills by its shrill Whistle.and sleepy apathy of the village hy the bustle it brought in its train. The •other was corporeal—namely, the death -of the squire, and the advent of a new master more in keeping with the new •order of things. The village, as I have said, nestled at ’the base of an amphitheatre formed bv ca natural conformation of the land. The •crest of the hill spread for some dis tance to form a kind of table-land, and then dipped in undulating meadows and ,valleys. "One mild October morning a traveller •Stood on the crest of the hill and sur veyed with evident pleasure the village : below. The sleepy calmness of the : scene, made more reposing by the ab sence of anything human, appealed strongly to his feelings By contrast to ■the whirl of life in the vast city he had lately left. He was a young man, slim ■Jy built, but of well-knit frame, and his manner and dress betokened a person • above the common. His features were ■ pleasant, and would be called handsome .when animated, but in repose they at •"tracted more' by the sadness of expres • sion, which revealed deep sufferings "Though young in years, there was that -5n his bearing which indicated intellec tual powers developed to a high degree, .and a quick perception which admirably 'Catted him for the stud 5- of law in which The was engaged. The beauty of the ; scene on which he gazed tempted him "to linger in contemplation of it, and to .mote the long, straggling street, and neat, trim cottages. “There are other views than this to en trance the eye,” lie said, aloud, “but none so soothing to the mind. Yonder ■mansion on the high ground beyond the Tillage is the Hall. Ah, me, there lies :my fate!—for me the beginning and end •■of all joy in this world. Kate, darling Kate—my love, my life, and constant \- thought and great desire—why art tliou • so cold? Why dost thou lift my soul to the seventh heaven one moment, and the next fill it with despair ? I will solve these doubts once for all, though the solution crush me.” i The traveller arose from the ground -On which he had cast himself, and \- slowly descended a path, now and then stopping to pluck some wild flower more lasting than its fellows, and en ■ tered the village. He halted at the vil lage inn, and glanced at the prodigy of .-•art painted on the swinging sign- board, .which represented an apology for a ' thrush — so unlike that the uninitiated were forced to read the inscription ua • iderneath in order to find that the bird Was meant for a “Whistling Throstle”— then strode through the village and as cended the hill by a private road which Jed to the imposing edifice he had before noticed. He was met on the threshold by a comely youth about his own age. but of much stronger build, who warm ly welcomed him, at the same time up braiding his friend for not sending word Of his coming. “I would have driven over in the dog • cart and saved you a tedious walk, ■ George.” “I have not the least doubt you would, iPhilip: but I preferred to walk and -breathe this delightful air. I feel better for it already, and have a mind to for •.sake dismal chambers, ambition, and all Ihat sort of thing, for bright sunshine .-.and a prosaic country life.” “Do, my dear fellow, and turn gipsy; I’ll join you in half the expense of a van surrounded by brooms, chairs, tin ket -stles, and other novelties. We will live •the free life of Bohemians, and feast on -.stolen geese, hare pie, and other delica \- cies.” ' “Don’t be facetious, Philip. It is very -/easy for you to laugh, but the joke would be on my side if you were coopec Sn dingy chambers reading dry law fro it uanoming to dusk. Is this your sanc tum?” “Yes. It was my uncle’s favorite •-room, and since his death I have madt •-St mine. I am glad you have come, a; -I want your assistance to unravel £ mystery. But perhaps you are tirec .-and prefer to rest?” “No, Philip ; I delight in mystery TWhat is it? A ghost in the Blue Room sor secret passage leading to a dungeoi •full of horrors?” “Neither, George. It is a documen .which, so far, has puzzled the wises ..beads- to solve. It was enclosed in ai •envelope addressed to me by my lab ismcle.” “Ha! a will, by which you are left ii (•possession of the estate provided you di .certain impossible things.”. “That is nearer the mark, only It i :iiot a will, though it relates to one. Bu I you had.better see the document. Here it is." A conundrum, indeed. Philip, and dif ficult to explain: but it is the liey to.the hiding place of the will—that is evident. 1 will read it again." M.v dear Philip—The enclosed paper I bequeath to you with my blessing. It may seem the foolish whim of an old man. but it is written with the best in tention for your good. Take heed to its command, and time will prove its value. 'The paper was.as follows:— I was once animate: now 1 am inani mate. Memories and awe come to him who looks upon this shape which once -hold a soul. 1 am found upon tile earth and under the earth: in rivers and seas: ou mountains and plains: in sandy de serts. ■ whore vultures hover and pools run dry. 1 am pai-t of the living and the dead. Bock diligently for this tiling, 'which contains my will. " .\ curiosity in conundrum — eh, tloorge? You are puaalwl?" •Ves, Philip." replied his friend, re moving his eyes from the paper. " It set me thinking. Ha! What hybrid is tha.1 at the window?" A shaggy-headed boy had climbed on the window sill, and, with astonishment on his face, liung half in-and half out, evidently disconcerted at the room being j "Han! What are you doing here ?”! said Philip, with mi appearance of anger. "Go away instantly." The boy disappeared, and Philip,, turning to his friend, said, yPoor. boy;.< he Is half-demented. My.late uncle took 1 great Interest in him,'and allowed'him tYcome and go as he pleased. Since his death, the queer creature has been incon-. soluble, and haunts this room day pud right. Neither my mild threats nor I fear, of my cousin’s whip prevent him." ■ "Has he a home ' ' "Yes; he lives in the village with my old nurse. Betsy Stump: but even she cannot control him. But the paper, George; 1 am anxious to have your, opinion of it." "No doubt, Philip; but first answer my questions. Have you any idea of. its meaning ?" “Not the slightest" “And your cousin, John ltawdon—-can iie explain it 7” “No! He pooh-poohs the .document, and says there is nothing .in it.He wanted to destroy it, so I liave kept it under lock and key. You must know that there was no--love lost "between my uncle and his nephew, thus you can easily perceive, my cousin does not wish the will to bo found; As matters are now, he succeeds to the whole of the property." ' ; “You surely have a copy of the) paper?" . “No, George.” . .. ■ “Then 1 will make one at once; under, such circumstances the paper might be destroyed.” "That would not matter, for every word. line, and sentence is indelibly.’ en graven on my brain.” "Well, for my own satisfaction, I will copy it. Leave me alone, for a while, Philip; perhaps, as I am not personally, interested, I may find a. clue to the meaning of the conundrum.” Left to himself, George Marsden spread the paper on the table and read it several times.. Difficult problems had an.attraction for him. and this was the first of the kind he had tried to decipher. He had a peculiar aptitude for unravel ling intricate points "of law. and he knew no reason why this conundrum should not he easily solved. But it proved a harder task than he anticipated, and at the end of an hour he was its far from a .solution of its meaning as when lie bad begun. “Well. George." said Philip, “have you succeeded?" .... “No.'l confess myself beaten, though 1 have used all the brain power I pos sess. T;he thing is too general; -it exists everywhere, lienee the difficulty. One thing is. certain to my mind: your uncle —r-rBy the bye. If he was your uncle, how is it Mr Hawdon claims the heir ship?” "He was not,” - replied Philip. “We called him so, but really the relationship was not very close." “And they were not friendly. Then a will does exist; your uncle liad an ob ject in writing this curious paper. He was too sensible' to do so without a definite and ulterior purpose. What that purpose was is pure speculation, but my theory is this: You"are inexperienced in the ways of the world, and consequently at the mercy of unscrupulous. persons, or let me say person. The property re quires great tact to manage, which you must admit; also that you are not suf ficiently conversant with the many little details so necessary in an estate of this magnitude. What is more likely than that your astute uncle reasoned after this fashion? He knew the good points in your cousin’s character as well as the bad ones; that under his super vision the estate had prospered beyond measure, and that it would continue to improve if left to him until increased knowledge of the world fitted you to have complete control. He' was doubt less' afraid that-your cousin might ob tain power over you by fair or, foul means to his advantage. Suppose he reasoned thus, and hid the will where it could not be found without the key to its hiding place. I firmly believe that was his intention, and that the conundrum cannot be solved except by travel in foreign lands. You are expressly bid den to ‘seek diligently,’ and. from the context, through all the world. Per haps some incident of the past or future will make clear what is at present dark. Did your uncle ever speak of his early life? I heard he disappeared from ICil dermay for ten years.” "No, George; he was very reserved, and a man of few words. Once only did lie break through the habit of coldness. It was shortly before liis death, and we were sitting side by side enjoying the coolness of a summer evenlng*-lie client and I perforce likewise—when he said, ‘Philip, what a beautiful sunset! How brilliant the tints of the clouds!’ Then, changing from animation to desponden cy, he continued: ‘Crimson and purple, crime and shroud. Whose crime? Whose shroud?’ Then he sighed and relapsed into silence. ‘Of what were you think ing, uncle?’ I asked. He looked at me in a vacant manner, and muttered some unintelligible words, the while twisting his thin fingers one within the other. 1 had never seen him so moved. Then he spoke clearly and forcibly, still staring at me. His eyes seemed starting from their sockets, and the eyeballs appeared to be covered with a diaphonous film, or which the mind was portraying with vividness a scene of the past. ‘Too late —too late!’ he groaned. ‘Merciful Heaven! shall I never escape from tki: torture? Oh, for one drop of water t< moisten my parched throat!’ Then h< stretched out both hands, half raised himself from his seat, and fell laugh-in; ; into my arms. He recovered almost im mediately, and the fit, or whatever i was. passed off, seemingly without an; ill effect. ‘Let us go Indoors, Philip, he said; ‘I feel c,hilly.’ As we approach ed the house he stopped, and said, kind [ lv, ‘Yes, the setting sun. Go toward it, my boy; travel and gain wisdom. I comes from seeking, even in the desert. \- At the door of this room he bade m ‘ good night, squeezed my hand firmlj . and added, ‘I think I have acted for th best.’ They were the last words h t! spoke to me, for the -next day he becam ,! seriously ill, and -in three days he died.” 1 “And left you and your sister penn: 3! less. I suppose it is for the best, but i t requires a good faith—blind faith—t believe it." "'i es. George. dependent on the boun ty of John Rawdon. Never that, al though it will be painful for us to leave this old Hall, our. home for so many yc- ars. She does not know that she is no longer mistress here : but it must be revealed, and the quicker the better. I will tell you a secret, George. My cou • sin.loves Kate passionately—genuine, I think, for once in his life, Women are women, and 1 am afraid, w,hen he knows that this .is no longer her home, siie will accept him. ‘To give up iuxury lor genteel poverty, and the easy posi i tion of mistress for the drudgery of daily toil — the position of a squire’s wife and fifteen thousand a year to be come, a portionless noboby — are consid erations enough to make a young girl eager to accent one who would enable her to retain her fate. . Simple and ignor ant as i am in sueli matters, I lenow what would resut from a union between, my sister and my cousin. Knowing how unscrupulous In* is. and the ill-re-j pule rumor gives him, I would sooner she should beg from door to door than marry him. George, as a true fi*end, ad- j vise me how to act." | Had Phil lit) been les intent on his own troubles, he would have been astonished at the effect his words.produced on his friend. How often w.e. forget in the re cital of our own wrongs the feelings of others! It is human .nature to see one side only—to .utter killing words without I a thought .of what may be caused by theni,. Tlte sting of the bee lasts but a little, wlijle but*, the dart which enters jhe. heart twists and rankles uneasin Geqrge. Marsden. was ardently in love with Kate Goodwin—not that kind of, infatuation miscalled love, but true, sincere, ingenuous devotion, controlled by fears that it may be unxequitted, and o prefers to bask in the presence of the object,of. its. adoration day by day; to feed on every look and .treasure up every smie; to, remember every word, yt is afraid, to. breathe the avowal that will decide its .fate— pure.- unselfish love,' re strained by its own overwhinring pow er. . Every word, spoken had. dadened each impulse of Jus throbbing heart, and would fester deeper and.deeper as time passed. . ....... ... But no sign of the anguish within his breast . betrayed itself in 'the. quiet soil command with which he spoke; a slight pallor, passing away momentarily, alone showed the depth of feeling...' ... “You ask for ray advice,’-; he said. ‘‘I much decline, to touch on so .delicate a subject.; You sister is mistress of her own heart, and it would be presumptuous fox- me to interfere. I thank you for your confidence. Pleased be satisfied with my ‘.‘Certainly. Nevertheless I shall wax-n her agaiixst him. . . . Shall we try the. copse for a..pheasant? This matter makes me a veritable savage. I feel I nxust; kill something to divert my thoughts," The two sportsmen shouldered their guns, and trudged silent and thoughtful over the fields, sodden, by the October 