IBSEN AND THE MODERN SPIRIT. In literature as in other departments of life the modern spirit is distinctly scientific, Some of its prominent disciples are Heine. Whitman, Ibsen, Zola, and Tolstoi, all of whom have but one creed — contempt for shams. They are Realists, not Idealists. It is the habit of critics to judge the modern spirit by that section of it known as the latter-day French novel. The school of Zola — which includes men like Flaubert, Daudet, the Goncourts, and the Russian Turgeniff— believe that the new romance, now in an ex perimental stage, must follow the rigid methods of saienoe in being based alone on what are called ' human documents — that is to say, upon records and evidence of actual lives as they are lived, gathered either from experience or laborious etndy. Zols himself prefers to call his realism by the narrow name of Naturalism, because in his writings he gives prominence to the physiological ele ment, and chooses snoh actualities as vice and disease for exposure. Zola has learned from heredity that there is in all of us a certain cerebral infirmity that determines car fate, and he proceeds to act the part of literary detective, and doctor at once. He admits that there is a world of wholesomeness outside these exceptional oases, but he argues that it is the exceptional cases that require special treatment. A different type of realist is Leo Tolstoi, the RnsBian Poet, social reformer, and ' friend of the unfriended poor.' He is a preacher of revolutionary discontent and a believer in religion, as distinguished from dogmatic orthodoxy. But Tolstoi is a personality apart— an odd blend of the mystical dreamer and man of affairs. Perhaps, .however, the most remarkable exponent of the new spirit is Henriok Ibsen, the Norwegian poet and dramatist. He was born in 1828. His works are a mixture of splendid incoherenoy and the freshest of genius. In his early dramas — such as ' The JLUiKl pOl Jl wllU bUO vwUICllUf WUvLC liv vi wuuO of Julian the Apostate's attempt to reintroduce paganism — he drew chiefly from Mediaeval history. Life, as it goes on daily around him, next engaged his attention. It is here ho exhibits a knowledge of human nature, and a keen irony that is perLaps only ex celled by Shabespere. ' The Comedy of Love ' is a stinging satire on the so-called ' grand passion.' Brand' and ' Peer Gyut are satirical dramas in verse. With 'The Pillars of Society,' published in 1875, he be gan a series of realistic pictures of ordinary life that has plaoed him first among the dramatists of to-day. Among this series are ' A Doll's House,' ' Ghosts,' ' An enemy of Society,' ' The Wild Dnck,' ' Little Eyolf,' ' The Lady From the Sea,' ' Hedda Gabler,' The Master Builder' — a piece so perfect from a literary point of view that no single word could be taken away or added — and the recently published ' John Gabriel Borkman,' a study of a gigantic swindler oftbeJabez Balfour pattern. 