?^v^;^-stefc^^;- A Gold Coast Mystery. (From, the ' Weekly Telegraph.') .The Royal Mail Steamship Maboona / was steaming slowly .along the Gold Coast, bound from Accra to Liverpool, and the passengers, lying about in deck chairs, gazed lazily out from under the shade of double awnings across the glittering water at the long coast line, which unrolled itself like a panorama before them. . Long lines of yellow beach, where the blue Atlantic rollers' broke in sheets of. snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cottomvood trees, clusters of na tive huts lying beneath the shade of feathery puling,, roaring surf-covered, bar and river mouth, all came into sight, and disappeared as the steamer rolled aioug, until, lying tome distance behind the coast among what appeared to be miles of- mangrove swamp, a lonely fiat topped mountain, rose in view.' The summit could be plainly seen against the blue tropic sky, but the. up per slopes were covered with wreaths of mist, which was strange, as the rest of the landscape lay sharp and clear in the sunlight. ': ' That must be the Ghost Mountain our black passengers tell us the strange tales about. By the way, you promised to teil us about the time you went to the top, Commissioner,'- said the Doc tor, turning to District C&inin.ssioner; Odily, who lay bai-k in a cane chair. .... The la tier, was a slightly made, spare man, who was returning home invalid ed, haggard and yellow in face from the climate and fever, but still showing by the flash of his eye, and the flrm mouth, traces of energy and decision^ He turned to the Doctor, and answered: ' Yes, I lived— and several times near ly died— In sight of it for three years, but although 1 once tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a Ju Ju man ever reached the summit and lived.'' Here the passengers drew in their chairs to listen, and the Commissioner continued : ' It was some twenty, years ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and myself sat out 011 the veranda of my house, smok ing an after-dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as hot as fire, and at night it was if poissible worse ; the inside of the room resembled an oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze stirred, bring ing with it the usual smell of burning wood, orange flowers, and lilies, mixed with the foul odours of'mud and swamp, and although there was considerable risk of fever, it was just possible to breathe there, which you couldn't do in side. ' After we had smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched out hi9 hand, and pointed across the miles of dense forest and mangrove swamps that lay beneath the bright moonlight, opeaing out here and there to show the glisten ing surface of a broad river reach, or the foul black mud of a tidal lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain stood out clearly asainst the sky, with a silver cloud of mist wrapping its lower slopes. ' ' When sihall we climb that wonder ful mountain, Oddy ?' ' ' Oh, whenever you wish ; to-morrow, if you like,' I answered. We were both young, and, with my head full of the varied information in the departmental books, I thought I . knew everything about Africa and its natives. I have changed my mind since, and am just beginning to learn a little now — while Jevons, a burly red-faced Englishman, was firmly convinced that there was nothing worth knowing except how to make 25 per cent profit for his firm by cheating the natives. We both of us laughed at the superstitions concerning the mountain, so having decided to go I called for my Shantee boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant Arnun and Kossoo, for there were ten .,' Haussas' attached to the station. ' A few moments later the two Haus sas, who are, as you know, Mohammed an black troops), entered. Fine, tall men they are, from the far interior, with features much finer than those, of the Coast tribes, dresse'cL in brown Karki uniform ? and a red fez. While they stood at attention I told the boy to have two hammocks and eight bearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. At this he urged us- to abandon the idea, saying that for four hundred years no one but a Ju Ju priest had ever reached the summit without either dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. How ever, we both laughed at any ' supersti tious idea,' and, turning to the black oergeant, I said : ? ' ' Are you, too, afraid to go, Arnum ?' ' ' Mountain be great Ju Ju, sah ; not good to. meddle with the Fetish of the heaiher ; but where Commissionah go, Arnun and Kossoo go too, even though the mountain be full of devils,' was the faithful fellow's answer. That is the nature of the Mahommedan. Treat him fairly and lead him well, and he will follow you through Hades. ' We started at daybreak next morn ing, travelling as far as we could in our hammocks, with plenty of black carriers, until the bush became so -thick that we had to go on foot. ' I remember -the morning well, the bright sunshine and brilliant flowers where the forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness and wreaths of mist that lay around the trunks where the great branches met above us, every tree festooned with hanging creepers. We did not know then that this mist might mean quick death, and that the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, was generally full: of fever. . ' ' On we went, winding in and out among the trees, now crossing a clear space, and again cutting our way with matchets through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling, of leaves and the voices of the forest, and watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. ? ' In the morning we made an early start, and, after'a hard /day's march, climbing and stumbling among man grove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fathomless mud that abound in these swamps, we camped at sunset under the mountain itself. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shallow stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slime of a mangrove swamp. The moon shone brightly on the water, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but the mountain in front lay wrapped in a dark cloud of mist, oat of which we could hear the rustling of trees and the moaning of a night breeze. Our bearers, dn spite of the liberal pay promised them, showed signs of making off, de claring that none of us would return alive, and it was only by threats that we could induce them to remain. s.TiVi«B dawn xuu&e; we Xonled tie streamL ana just. as -we stepped out'. of the water canie upon two tail wands of scented ::wood|- driven -into * ? the- siuici, each carrying a. white cloth? dipped In blood. This- is one of theJu Ju marks, and -where it is set up with the proper ceremonial you- might lay all you pos sessed there, and1 no native would daro to touch it. v '. - :?? '- ?- .???:'',:?':'. ''?,'' '' As. we: passed Jevous, out of wan-' tonness, and with soihe sifly- remark about' ' pulling up nigger gu'peh-titioh.-,' snapped^ one .- of the stakes across ' hjs- knee, and set the,, .pieces floating down the stream. I at once' turned, upoii linn angrily :': ' . ;: ?? : ?/.' : ':. _'' ???'?? ? ' ' What did you do that for 1 . You fool, look at the carriers ; you'll see they will all bolt now,' worse frightened '.than' ever.' ': ? ' .?-;'.'- '' '-'?. ' ??'? '. ' ?'.' '?? ':. ' - ''Lot of silly 'niggers! Let them bolt, and we'll go oh aione, 'eh',' Kossoo V he said, turning to ^he Houssa. '' Whether they be sticks and stones Ikhow not,' said the latter in his own tongue, a little of which I knew,.' but it is not good to insult the gods of the' heathen,' and by this time- I knew he was. light I was a ? little uricoinfort-, able, for I noticed the carriers mutter ing one to another, and looking at hfy ; companion in 'a thirealtening manner; but we induced them to -go on by draw ing our revolvers, and the climb eoui lneneed. -^ - ' WihJle 'tihe sum shone over 'Hie forest below usfihe ?moumta'i'n sides weire covered wlith wihliibe mist, Vhi'dh soaked, our ?elo'tibes aind seemed .to go through, to lihe 'borne, and, WMle we could feel no aiir om ?our fates, we could bear tlho, trees ovenheaid swaying . aoid CTistMinig in She breeze. Tlhe lower elopes were oozing wtftih water and mud, so tlhat our np waiM mai'oh was difficult wed dismal, especially ae we iliad to out our 'way tihraugih tihomy njuislhes amd ?masses cJf 'training pikim'ts most of the time. Up we went, struggling, through swamp u'ud twaike, wutiiil 'bowon-ds atffcennoon I noticed any oainpamioa got strangely quiiet, amid Mad a flushed, -swollen look a'bout fais face, wthidh I did not Idike. When we stopped a few minutes, for breaitlh I said : .' ' ' Wiha't's Ufae ma'titer, Jevons ? Are you ill ?' but I onlly got. a surly, 'No ; go 'on,' fotr am answer, amd we oomttaued car way, and 'by 6 o'clock were some !halif-way up tlhe iinountalta. ' ' Here we tound a lifctflie cileaa' space sbrewn Wiitfh a few targe flait rocks, 'and as 'the ?iDear-ens fliad ?brought some dry wood from the 'forest teelbw we made a fire amd prepared to camp. Once or 'twiice I noticed. Jevons stagger as Ihe moved aibout lairraaigimg flhe simple meal, amd ait last I made fluiim sit down amd leave d't alone. WIMle tihis was goiing om wihat little diim flight there was faded ?away, amd am to tense darkness closed airaumd tib. My friend aite nothing, buit dramk some of 1!he spM'tis and quinine I gave Mm, 'and tihen said : ' 'I don't know wlhalt's tihe matter with ?me ; my mead's on fire, and I cam't mold myself ;up. Some one must have pai saned me-Kw eometlhlimg. I'll go to isle&p.;' ' — . ' Wrapping Mm to (his waterproof sheet I placed some baggage under Ms head, amd sait dowin beslide 'Mm. ' ' A.minTi amid Kossoo,' I said, 'I'll watch fliiallf Uhe might— you sleep.' Iihen I tlhrew anore wood om tlhe fire, amd be gan my lonely vdgffl. 'Overhead the trees swayed amd msfiled, amd a cMU wind drove In my face, while famtasbic wreaths of inlist drifted . across ifce firelight. Tme red glow fell om my compamiom's face, amd I sarw mow flushed amd distorted it was, while me moved uineaisilly to 'his sleep. uiarcL murmured faxan time to ? time. Drifting out of 'Che darkness came the :iuoaaiimg of tihe wind and the myriad voices totf the 'forest, 'amd I .listened until at last my eyes closed and I '.fell asleep. ' After doziimg uneasily a little I theanl ?a wea!k voice calling me, 'amd, rising to iay feet, siaw Jevoms trying to raise h'imself. Hastily 'mmuing across to Ihiim '. raiised Ms ihead, and he gasped out : ' 'I don't know what it cam be, but I feel I'm dying. Hold my Qiand ;'dou*t leave me,' amd then his Ihead fell back on niy kmee. ' Oailimg: Amun, I told him to bring ih'orne more wood, amd to rouse one of 'he bearers, aindjfor the little wtoile he -was away in the darkmces I felt strange ly desolate. Im_.a few -niiiuutea'Tihe re tunned. ' ' ' ' ' . ' ' TQae 'Stontee men tall 'line '''for go away,' he solid ; ' only . Ansun. amd Kos soo here. Where officer an-am live, there -e nausea uiain.' Tmen lie made up the ;ire amd sat close beside me. ' I shafll mever forget tlhe Qiwror of that dismal might, sitting by Uhe glow of the fire, watdhimig the flickering shadows as I flield my dylimg 'comrade's tead on my knee. The mist drove past.iin wreaiths, dhiill'img me through wMi 'i'te clammy touch, while all airound tlhe bramdhes swayed amd rustled as the wind swept through 'tlhe trees, amd at ?Intervals the snort of the Geopard seek ing hiis prey sounded iflirougih the forest Jevons moved uiiieasiily at times, amd clutched my ihamid, tout never recovered oomsaiousmees, amd wQiem at length 'tihe weary might passed, amd -the dian ligibt of dawn caune fi'lteriimg through the biiam!dhes, I saw wi'tlh Ihorror that he was dead. 'Aibamdoniimg all oui* luggage we three started to retrace our steps, attempting ?tihe ataost limipossiible task ,of caaTylimg tihe body of our comrade with us. All day we . struggled downhill, through mud amid tihiormy thiicliet, tea-ring pair clothes 'to (ribands, amd at Dimes getting a masty wound ourselves, always in the eaime cloud of damuny mist, I alter nately dhafcimg with the fever vv'toch mow attacked me, amd abusing our cowardly rariuers for deserting us. To wairdis evemiuig we reached the stream whiidh separated the mountain from the mamgroves, amd mere we flung ourselves diqwn, aind, wdtih patios in eveiy limb, aaid with my 'Wood like liquid fire, I lay tiill morndng iim_the burning gawp ol fever. \ 'Wihen doiylliiglht came I could scan'cely stamd ailane, amd, as to carry the body any, ?further was llmposs'uble, nofilrug could be done but to scrape a shallow hole dm the sandy strip by the river, amd lay lilt Hhere, at the foot of the 'two Ju Ju iwauds ; for when we returned the mlisstog 'ome !had been replaced. 'Afll thiait day, with swiimming head amid useless limbs, I learned on the Shoulders of my flaitihiful followers, fl'nd, 'hattf-caiiuiied «md half-staggering, man aged 'to 'get through the awful tract of mamigiroves, tfllacik mud, and swamp, which we had 'to cress. Struggling ?along Ihiaillf-oonsaious late that night we reaidhed Hhe spot where tlhe haimmocks had been left, amd, although they were worm out with faitigue, the two stanch BJanxssais took me up, and, travelling aQong the deaav palth, we came stagger ing Unto -fine compound at dawm—two iha.g'gaird, talttered ^bearers amd an um ? conscious imau. . ' For 'ten days I lay between life amd death, amid then slowly recovered.' - ' Did -your friend show symptoms of/ inaiainia 1' asked itJhe doctoi*. 'I ihaive eeea many men die of fever, ??i-4t;naU'6'/iike':ite!;,-'.i'a:TO\vered''th'e ?'com-. lafeioiiar ; 'ib\if irdnv tlra-t day: I. flia-ve, .'? ^ oa-v&Mly;' ayttded::«my,- insult; to the ?native Fetich. Lcam £ive/you no rea sans, ;- and cam only say with' Hamlet, ' Tlliere aire moire -tilings, in heaven and oaTth tih'au aire dreaiint of, in your phQo wdpiliy?' ??: And ifcf you wish .to kuow./airi .the strange things; that liappen in tills; JAJri'can f wests you uiust spend yoiur ?life among them.' . . ' 