BIJOU THEATRE. After: another tour in India and the Bast the | ever popular Hudson's Surprise Party has re turned to. Adelaide. They reappeared at the Bijou on' Saturday night and obtained an enthusiastic reception. The audience was not so large as many who were reluctantly refused admission could have wished, but it was as large as the hall would permit.' So great was the . desire to seo once more the old favorites that the supply of seats, which had been augmented for. the occasion, was not equal to the demand, and hundreds were disappointed. From the footlights in front to thedoors at the back the place was packed. , Many seemed to have hung themselves on the western wall and of course obtained an excellent view of what was going on. AV hen the curtain was raised the vast smiio which illumined the proprie tor's ebonised face at onco spread itself over the" ' audience, and there . it ' remained till the end. of the final farce. Those present seemed, utterly unable to get enough of anything. Whether it was the gay dancing ot the Thornton Sisters, the antics or McKisson and Kearns, the melodious efforts of Miss Violet Elliott, Mr. Wallace King;, and Miss Lillian-, Stanbridge, the ; serio-comic elrusiou of Miss Ida Rosslyn, or the drolleries of Mr. Hudson, the ory was always for more. Every item in the first part was encored.. Miss Elliott was.giveu a splendid reception. Sho sang"The chimney corner" in a way .which pleased all. her admirers. Sir. Wallace King was also greeted most enthusiastically. On being encored for his rendition of "By the watcrs'llie gave "Sally Horner," the song he sang with.such success here before. Heedless to say lie was applauded to the echo. The whole company then took part in a supposed scene from "The Shop Girl," winch concluded the first portion ,of the entertainment. Into this scene were introduced an original 0 apanese and fan dance by the Misses Linton and Williams and a "Golden liair down her back" tableau." These must be seen to be appreciated. After the interval Altro, the equilibrist, went through his clever performance, and then Mr. Hudson, comically arrayed, sang about the "Maid of Athens," and introduced a funny.. burlesque on the modern drama. In tlio latter lie was assisted by Miss Linton. Then Miss Habgoud played witli characteristic skill two pianoforte .Selections—"Air do ballet" | (Ohaminade) and "Scherzo briliante" (Wool- I leuliaupt)- and needless to say this portion of the programme >vas specially good.Miss Ida Rosslyn gave with plenty of spirit a serio comic song, "People we meet," after which two new members-of the company, Messrs. Watkins and Shenvin,? appeared Jn their; specialty, "Troubles in a musical academy." They obtained pleasing music from all sorts of unlikely looking instruments, including tlie musical billiard cues and Turkish tubophone. ! Judging by the way their performances were i greeted they are likely to become very popular. I One of the best items was the singing of Blu-1 | menthol's • "Evening song," arranged as • a ; j quartet by Miss Habgood. -It .was sweetly | sung by the Misses Stanbridge and Elliott | and Messrs. Wallace King and Reed, who well . deserved,the applause with which their elforts i were received.' Miss Jessie. Williams followed j in her "Legmania specialty,"...tapping.- the j top of her head with the sole of her foot and performing other similarly interesting feats in the course of a graceful dance.':" Thompson's ghost"—a laughable sketch—in which Messrs. Altro, Reed, .and Hudson and the Misses Linton and J. Thornton took part, concluded the entertainment which is quite as good as it used to be and'went with it swing from start, to finish. ' - 