THE BERESFORD GEOSr. The story of the Beresford ghost' has been mentioned in most works, about apparitions and saoh like, and Sir Walter Scott made use of it in his writings, both in verse and prose. The various aocounts did not agree, however, and so the Right Hon. William Beresford, possessing speoial information about the ghost, tried to get at the truth about thel matter. This iE the strange story, as told ' to her ohildren by the Lady Beresfori who, in Oetober, 1693, saw the gbost : — Lou are no strangers to the intimacy and the affeotion which subsisted in early life between Lord Tyrone and myself. We were educated together when young, under the Bame roof, in the pernicious principles of. Deism. Our real friends afterwards took every opportunity to . convince ua of our- error, but their arguments were insufficient In a perplexing state of doubt we made & solemn promise one to the other that which ever died first should, if permitted, appear to the other for the purpose of declaring what was the religion most acceptable to the Almighty. One night, years after this, I was sleeping with your father at Gill Hall, when I sud denly awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting visibly by the side of the bod. I soreamed out and vaiuly endeavoured to arouse Sir Tristram. A Peophesvxno Ghost, 4 Tell me,' I said, 4 Lord Tyrone, why and wherefore you are here at this time of the night P' 4 Have yon, then, forgotten our promise to eaoh other P I died on Tuesday at four o'clock. I have been permitted thus to appear in order to assure you that the revealed religion is the true and only one by which we can be saved. Iam also suffered to inform you that you are with child, aud will produce a son, who will marry my heiress ; that Sir Tristram will not live long, when yon will marry again, and you will die in forty- seventh year.' I begged from hiin some convincing sign or proof, so that when the morning came I might rely upon it, and feel satisfied that his appearance had been real, and that it was not. a phintom of my imagination. He caused the hangings of the bed to be drawn in an unnsnai way and impossible manner through an iron hook. - I was still not satisfied, when ho wrote his signature in my pocket-book. I; wanted, however, more substantial proof of his visit, when he laid his hand,, which was as oold as marble, on my wrist, the sinews shrank np, the nerves withered at the touch. 'Now,' he .said, 4 let ho mortal eye while you five ever see. that wrist,' and vanished. An amazing story certainly. Lady Beres ford bound up her wrist, and to the day of her death it was never uncovered to any eye but her own. . She annohnoed the fallowing morning that' Lord Tyrone was dead, and sure enough' that day a packet was delivered containing the announcement of his death. A son was certainly born to her, and he did indeed marry the ghost's heiress. Lady - Beresford died too when she was forty - seven. The population of London is said to be 6,848,300, and increasing at the .rate of 105,000 a year . FrinHd in Squih Walts- 