'Well, the story yours, and as I believe the lady of the She gave me another good kiss, and runs that a certain house has always come to her son's walked off with her bedroom candle. ancestress of assistance ever sinice the Vhite Lady Tile next night at eleven she camen S mine ran away promised to 'walk.' It depends on again to my room. She dreised mne and got married you, mnay dear, whether Julian and his in the white satili andl pearls, and without her par. father receive a satisfactory ghostly powdered my face thickly to give me ents'consent. The blessing on the engagement or not.' the pallid look necessary for my; marriage didn't 'I wasn't crying a bit about the ghostly character. turn out well or ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what It was always the custom at the1 someth"ag. At any rate, she said. ' If you would only say Court to go to bed earlyon Christmas she was plagued with re- that you would like me to be-' Eve, so that by a quarter to twelve morse in her later years, ' Of course I would, that's why I'm thle house was perfectly quiet. I took and very inconsistently here. It's my belief tlhat the Ladly up the heavy, old.fashoned candle "undertook to appear and Cary has alays had a good bit of a stick I was to carry, and crept out of * give her blessing when- voice in her son's choice, Mly dear, thle room, my lwhite satin and pearls ever the heir of this house the White Lady walked before I was covered by a dark cloak. I found the becomes nr,.oprl u n eneaced, andI had to undereo lust spring Ladv Cary had slhown me W.'TE were a great houseful of \- people. They always had a ::: houseful for Christmas at the Court. I have spent many a merry Christmas there since, but never one ho merry as that. :I suppose it was because we were all young, and at that time of life when you only see the lights and none of the shadows. Besides Julian loved me. :I had been certain of that ever since we met at Scarborough in the summer; and since I had been stay. ing in his father's house, he had found a:thousand little ways of making me more than sure that this dear old house was to be my home, and I the happiest mistress that ever owned it, because Julian loved me. It was the night before Christmas Eve, and all we young folks were dancing in the big hall; and it was between two waltzes, as I sat resting in one of the deep window seats, sheltered by the heavy curtain, that Julian lilted the curtain, and passed in, and sat beside me. The Window seatiWas in the shadow of the great 'tair,;' aid the rest of the company ere'gathered round the piano, and were laughing and talking so gaily, that his words were no more heard by them than the soft sighing of the pine trees outside. No oe heard what he said but I, and no onelever shall hear; for you need not suppose that I am going to write down:here what he said to me. But it was one of those very happy moments that come so seldom and that-lights one's life when they do come for a long; long way back and forward. And lie told me he should speak to his father next day. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I was a nice-looking girl in those days, and considered -agreeable and accomplished, as girls'went. So next day when I met Julianin the hall for a"moment-after breakfast, I never ex pected the answer to be anything but y?es' when I said': ' Is yoiir father pleased with your choice?' -j . -. - . To, my surprise Julian hesitated, then he answered : 0'L: think he is. pleased with my choice, but he begs us to. consider nothing as settled until after Christ mas Eve.' 'Why ?' I asaed naturally enough. "I can't tellyou nov. It's a long tale, and.those Danvers girls will be here ina.'minute. I promised, like the foolI am, to go skating with them. But this afternoon when we come in to tea, if you should happen to be in the library instead of the hall, one might perhaps get a word with one's sweetheart.' The Danvers girls came in while he was speaking, but he finished his speech in my ear with great calmness, and I went off to nurse my new hap piness, and wonder at and delight in it until the time was come when I should see him again. I" I softly slipped into the library and closed the heavy door after me. The duisk was falling, the firelight shone pleasintly on the glass of the book cases and the gilt backs of the books, and I stood by the window and watched the skating-party come up from the lake. 1 hadn't had a word with Julian all day. I couldn't skate, for I had promised my dear mother years before that I would never go on the ice, because my father had been killed by an ice accident. I saw them come up, jingling their skates and talking merrily, and two minutes later Julian was in with me. ' How nice and warm it is in here, my dear little love,' he began. 'I have been in purgatory all day- such a cold purgatory too.' And indeed his face was as cold as ice. When he had thawed his hands a little by the fire, we sat down to gether on one of the leather-covered settees, and he said: 'Now, heart of mine, we have only a few, few minutes for all our stories and explanations, for I must get back to the.other people before the tea comes in. The real fact is-there's a ghost in our family.' I turned my foot this ivay and that, to watch the play of the firelight on my' patent-leather shoe. ': I don!t think,' I remarked, still looking dowi, 'that a ghost would be an insupe able objection.' .. ' It's .not quite.. that, .e. said, hesitatingly., ' What is it ?' I asked.'. . The story; is sucr to be interesting; tell:'it to me,s luliin,' 'Well, the story runs that a certain ancestress of mine ran away and got married without her par S ents' consent. The marriage didn't something. At any rate, she was plagued with re morse in her later years, and very inconsistently undertook to appear and give her blessing when ever the heir of this house becomes engaged to a suitable young person; and if she doesn't appear the engagement doesn't come off. That's all, my dear.' ' But do you mean to tell me,' I exclaimed, for I could not help think ing he was laughing at me, 'that you would give me up just because a stupid old ghost didn't put in its ap pearance at a certain hour and place?' 'No, I wouldn't,' he replied, ' but my father would never consent, and I am sure you would never marry me without his consent.' ' I'm not so sure of that,' I said to myself in a low voice. ' I don't want to have any secrets from you, little woman; so I won't pretend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if the ghost does appear on Christmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do.' 'But am I to understand then, that ever since your ancestress took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has appeared to sanction the engagement of each heir of the house in succes sion ?' ' Of course you will laugh at it,' he went on in rather an injured way, 'but that really is the story. My father will tell you that he saw it, and his father before him; and I haven't the slightest doubt I shall see it on Christmas Eve. My father and I will sit up for the purpose.' ' A pack of old wives' stories I' I rejoined indignantly. 'Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me and I'm not going to marry into a family that believes in such nonsense.' ' Oh 1 aren't you?' said Julian, quite calmly, ' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that I love you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. But you see how much pleasanter it would be for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the orthodox manner.' i, really even then thought he was playing some sort of joke on me, but no, he was quite serious, and I had actually to be in that ridiculous posi tion of being engaged for more than three days And Julian was. very careless and people were always coming in and finding us at different corners of the room as if we had just jumped there: and once I am certain one of those Danvers girls saw him kiss my ear as we went upstairs before dinner. Tihe night before Christmas Eve I really felt almost worried out of my life, and when I went up to bed I sent away my maid, put on my dress ing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of the fire to have a good cry. I had hardly begun, how ever, when there was a soft tap at my door, and Lady Cary herself came in. Site was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't have been more than forty-five, but that seems old when you are only eighteen. 'May I come in?' she asked, in her soft sweet voice, and came in at once, shut the door, and sat down opposite me in the other chair. Dear, dear, dear ' she said.' 'Now whatever is the matter'?' ' ' * I'm tired,' I replied, ' and I've got a cold in my head.' Lady Cary turned her eyes to the fire and fixed them there. ' 'Such a model of frankness arid candour !' she said, slowly; -'that's what Julian said when he told me: he was engaged to you. It calme, it's true, at the end of a list of your more important qualities, beauty and sweet ness and angelic charm.' She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I crept humiliated to the low stool at her feet. ' I'm very sorry,' I murmured; 'I didn't know that Julian hadtold you anything, and it seems so strange to be engaged and nobody to ivish you happiness, or good hick, or anything, and to be depending on a stupid ghoist, and I think' I *was wishing, when you came in, that theie was someione, that-that my inother had tiot died when I' was'quite a little '.;a'dy; d Cary ' str'oked "' my"'haii. f Thire,' poor' child,' she-said'; '.there is someone." Tell 'neallU'b6ut't''"' And I told hera:ll.abo'ut 'it as: well as f'"cduld, and'vh'en'1riiid finished she 'bifkd otit with a'fulnn '-littleI laugh. 'l ii. ? ;'b ' ''M.i deax .I felt jit' as' yi'do bht.it when Iia_ ybradge;,'d 'La'rd ry'simtdwrcatny' to *my tas sistance exactly as I 'am coining'to yours, and as I believe the lady of the house has always come to her son's assistance ever since the White Lady promised to 'walk.' It depends on you, mny dear, whether Julian and his father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not.' 'I wasn't crying a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what she said. ' If you would only say that you would like me to be-' ' Of course I would, that's why I'm here. It's my belief that the Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked before I was engaged, and I had to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to-night, and my future mother-in-law showed me how to end it as you will end it to-morrow.' 'I?' 'Yes; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas Eve the in tending bridegroom and his father, if the father be alive, are bound to watch in the chapel from eleven till one, and across the gallery at the end the White Lady glides as the clock strikes twelve. You will have to practice gliding, my dear; it is a very difficult art.' "Then you mean that I-that you---' 'I mean that you must, in the character of the White Lady, pro nounce your own blessing on your "" y LOOK 9 SAr' LOrK 1RERE-JER fl IS AG. - own engagement, as I did on mine, and as I believe all the ladies of Cary have done on theirs. It's the secret of the ladies of this house, and I should never have told it to you if I hadin't believed that you are the best wife in the world for my Julian.' ' Then you mean to tell me, Lady Cary,' I said, when 1 had recovered from my delight at this little speech, ''that you yourself played tihe part of thfi ghost in this house.' "I did indeed, my dear,' she replied, anl it was the best night's work I ever did.' 'And her voice trembled, and her face lighted up with the recollection of old happiness. ' I have got tihe dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and theveil that my mother-in-law gave me, they were miles too big for me, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to move from the chapel 'for an hour after midnight, which is a merciful provision to give one time to get com. fortably out of the way before they can find any traces of one., The way to:the gallery is rather peculiar; there'are'two secret doors to pass, but' I will show yoii the trick'of these 'toimorrow,' and Iwill be there to' re ce'dve you when' you' fipd your way bick? to the. modern side'of the Court. Yo ni'mustn't be nervous about it.'l'i "Nervois I' I exclaimed,' there' is nodthingto be nerivoUs ýbout;:;only one can't h el p---.-?. .''" ':' N6,~ doh't 'sijy .you''can't help de`spising Juliani for~it. It runsin the 'tilod, my' dea': likbi;tlieir fair hair 'and their blues eyes; and'ayou m'ust 'itki"'pedple' as?yoi find'themi'and "smake thl bestof tliten.' " ' ' She gave me another good kiss, and! walked off with her bedroom candle.' The next night at eleven she came' again to my room. She dressed me in the white satin and pearls, and' powdered my face thickly to give me the pallid look necessary for my; ghostly character. It was always the custom at the; Court to go to bed early on Christmas Eve, so that by a quarter to twelve, the house was perfectly quiet. I took' up the heavy, old-fashioned candle stick I was to carry, and crept out of! the room, my white satin and pearls covered by a dark cloak. I found the spring Lady Cary had shown me under a canred wreath on an oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and it closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening, lest anyone should have heard me pass from my room tothis. But there was no sound- only I could hear my own heart beating. I walked along the passage in which I found myself. The dust lay thickly under foot, so that my steps made no noise as I walked. It was a narrow passage made of rough stone-work, and a door at the other end which stood ajar and was easily opened, led me to a part of the house that I had never been in before. ' It was the suit of apartments that had been oc cupied by the White Lady, and since her time no one had lived in them. Everything was just as she had left it. Her garments and personal possessions were littered on the tables and chairs. There was a lute, all its strings broken but one; and one stiff dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had courage togo up to it and see that it was only heavy gold brocade. The dull, dark tapestries on the wall swayed a little now' and then- with the wind, 1 suppose-but it seemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a small stream over my fingers. Lady Cary had said I should be nervous, and I certainly was. Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood rushing to my heart and nearly choked me. Suppose Lady Cary was wrong; sup. piose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms- sacred to itsruse and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of. I grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end oS the last ante-chamber' I,:came to hnother panel like the one iin the corridor, pressed a similarspring, and found myself on a little flight of. stairs which Lady Cary had warned me led directly to the gallery. Attthe. foot 'af this I was to wait tilltI;heard the church clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the gallery, -and descend a flight; of, steps ,atthe ,other side, :vhich would lead me into 'a passager commuliicating with; tIhe suite-of rooms I :lad'just left.,inI, ;:I I didn't like the idea of that long sequence of mouldering emptiness behind me. I tried to get theopanel to shut, but it wouldn't act; itshinges were still, and I was afraid.of making them creak. There I waited; and!if it wasn wrong thing to do to deceive my future husband in that way, I can only say I wis well p-tlished for it. What I suffered in those five iinutie no one can believe who simply sees it written down here. What I should have liked to do was to bolt back to my room like a rabbit and marry Julian in spite of all his father's opposition. Bat I have a habit of carrying a thing through when once started. Besides, Ididn't want Lady Cary to think me a fool. So I stayed there with my heart beating to that degree that I felt as if they could hear it in the chapel. At last came the long, dull, slow stroke of the clock. I gathered up ny satin draperies, held the candle high, and walked up the steps. It was a short flight, and in another moment I was in the gallery. My knees were knocking together with the double fear of being found out, and of diving again out of the comparative light and safety of the chapel into the un-t known depths of that dark stair beyond. The white moon shone through tie windows of the clereqtnry, and there was air here as wellas light, and movement, and human coin panionship; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in the' cshancel below the two figures of my lover and: lia father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as one watches the dead. I drew my veil over my face, held my candle high and walked forward. I felt rather than heard the hushed ' Ah l' from the chancel which told that they had seen me, Holding my candle high above mat i walked-for'in that hour of terror my gliding lessons vanished from my memory, leaving no trace-to the other side of the gallery, and passed under the low wooden doorway and down the flight of stairs. The way was easy to find and, somehow, I felt that tlie worst was over now. 'True, there were those dclr?di deserted rooms to traverse, but at the end of them, warmth, light, fire, my own room and Lady Cary, who was there waiting for me. So I followed tile passage I found at the foot of the stairs till it brought me to the sliding panel I had been unable to shut, which let me into the ante-room of the White Lady's bedroom. It was with a sigh of relief that I pushed it open and passed through it. I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feel something approaching a return of what I always like to consider my natural fearless ness, when I saw that I wasn't alone. There was another light in the great dark room and it 'was advancing ,to. wards me. My first thought was Lady Cary-and I, htirried to meet fh er.s . . :, ,'t !,' ,, , , .! ,' The next nibnient Isawiw the fearI had thrust from me in this iroornt ten minutes before haid, beeni unoL idle terror..' lIt/'was hot Lady. Cary;,. who was colmingitowairds me .lvitithsthe candle inhand; uplraisediin a silver candlestick.:., It was not ,Lady, Cary whd vwore satin and pearls and a death white face., It was the White Lady -the ghost.herself-in whose charac ter and in whose rooms I wasmadly masquerading.; i . : In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not.to scream,:not to betray my, pre sehne here to Julian. and :his ;father, i my candle slipped from my hand.t At, the: same, instant; the: ghIst's light, .too; was extinguished,. and (iI Was alone inithe dark--.in the rooms :qf:a dead woman, with that dead woman's Iace!and formlnot three yards; from .me-in the,darkr.:, .. ,.: ,Ah I, drew:a long breatlh, ;i(er was a smell of vilnegar and smelling-! alts. 'Soniebody was rubbing my halnds "I was very cold: tOh I thank God, are you better? It was Lady Cary who was speaking. 'I opened my eyes, and look:d at her. I was in my own room, pleasant and bright with fire and lamp-light. Lady Cary was bending over me with a very anxious face indeed. 'It's all right, my dear. You fainted in those dreadful dark rooms. It must have been a great trial. I knew it would be. But you are safo now, my child.' I sat up; thie wet vinegar cloth flopped from my forehead as I did so, and fell on my hands. 'Lady Cary,' I said, ' I have seen the ghost, the real ghost, and it came close to me in that dreadful room.' VYour nerves are over-wrought,' answered Lady Cary, calmly. '1 don't wonder. . You must have fancied some bit of drapery or shadow to be a ghost.' ' It was as real as I am,' I said ; ' thought it was you at first. Oh, it is horrible, most horrible I' Lady. Cary would not let me talk about it any more. Sie stayed with me that night, and in the morning gave out that I was too. unwell to come to breakfast, which I certainly was, and about noon she came up to my room. m No,' shie said, 'everyone is out skating. Have you the courage to come with me to the White, Lady's rooms, and find out what optical illusion it was that so frightened you last night ?' . I have a thousand things to ask you,' I said. ' How did Iget back to my room ?' ' I got uneasy about you last night, and came to look for you,' she said. ' And did you carry me back ?' Lady Cary laughed. ' My dear, if we are to go we must go at once, or we shall have the maids upon us.' She threw a shawl round me, and we crossed the corridor. The oak panel swung on its pivot, we passed through and it closed behind itus. In another minute we were in the White Lady's rooms. Seen by the dim daylight that filtered through the cobwebbed panes of glass, the rooms were most deso late than ever, and almost as eerie. But with Lady Cary's arm round me I could have faced it even in the dark, I thought. ' We passed through one room after another, but nowhere was there any thing that could by the wildest imagination be made to resemble white satin and pearls, and a raised arm holding a lighted candle. We walked to the further end and then retraced our steps. Lady Cary was just saying, ' It must have been pure imagination,' when I caught a glimpse of something moving at the end of the room-something white-and stopping short, rigid with terror, I pointed towards it. 'Look I' I said, "Look there-there it is again 1' Lady Cary put up lier double eye-' glass and looked. 'You poor, dear, blessed little innocent,' she said. ' Don't you see that it's a looking-glass, and reflects nothing worse than your pretty self in your white dressing-gown ?' Even then I was hardly to be cori vinced. Not till she led me up to the glass panel and I saw my own furred gown and scared face reflected in its depths did I understand the height of my own folly the night before. But then I was convinced, and Lady Cary led me back to my own room to pet and coax and laugh at me till I should be in a fit frame of mind to meet my lover. When I went down' to luncheon Lord Cary rose up before all thecom pany and kissed my forehead, and welcomed me as his daughterand his son's wife;' and such before the next Christmas Eve I became.' It was on the evening of our wed ding day that I felt I could not keep my secret no longer. ' Julian,' I said, ' I hope you will forgive me. I have something hor rible to tell you.' ' Proceed,' he answered, with- a twinkle in his eyes. ' : ' But it really is horrible, and per haps you will not forgive me. + But .I couldn't bear to tell you: before, .for fear it should interfere somehow with our marriage.'. ' You rack me with suspense,' he replied, cheerfully. ' What is this horror that might have parted us at the altar steps ?' Then I told him how I had played the ghost on Christmas Eve; and when my tale was ended, I hung my head, waiting his reproaches, 'My dear little woman,' he said, putting his arms round me, 'this is ancient history. Who, do you sup pose, carried you out of the ghost's room that night ?' 'Did you? Did Lady Cary- ?' 'Of course she did. You didn't sup pose that a dear little shrimp of a woman, such as my mother is, could carry my big, blonde beauty ?' '; !Andyou are not. angry ?' '.Do Ilook it ?' he asked. in 'And you think I was right, and your mother was right?' ' Yes, sweetheart, and all the other fajr ladieg wnhohave played the ghost on Christmas Eve to win asuperstitiops CGary foa ahusbahd. I oInly wish wre were better worth tie troisble;' ' ' ., sto that I have my.o)tn opmtnno1 