mm mm PATTY ERSKINE. I awoke with a start. I lay for some minutes, as I often lie after a sudden awakening, afraid .to move hand or toot, pitifully, childishly frightened of I knew not what, while 1 gradually remem bered the events of the previous day. There xiau ueen notmng aiarmmg in it, nothing but a mug ran way journey, a drive, a Kind weloome to an old friend's house, dinner and bod, and then this sudden start which had set my heart beating till I could almost hear it in the silence of the room. I struggled with my absurd terror and felt for the matches. Of course, they fell on the floor, and I did not dare to pick them up. Bat someone else found them for me, and gently put them into my hand, frightening me so much, that — I own it candidly — I screamed aloud. 4 Oh, how silly you are,' said a girl's voice from the matches, ' don't do that. I wonder why I always frighten people. I did want to talk to a woman so much. I haven't spoken to a woman for years ' — here a sob caught her voice. rYou need not light the candle ; yon cannot see me.' But with the cheerful companionship of the lighted candle, my spirits and courage all returned. ' Wno, and what are you P' I asked boldly, although my voice quavered. ' ' Patty Erskine, Margaret Erskine ; have you not seen my portrait downstairs ? It is a Gainsborough, and they are very proud of it ; but I am prettier, much prettier. You do not know how dreadful it is to be pretty, and have no one to see you !' 4 Patty Erskine,' I said, 'who — a natural delicacy m discussing a lady's misdeeds with her ghost "prevented me from finishing my sentence. ' Yes, I killed him,' said the Voice wearily. 4 I killed him, and 1 killed myself. He was cruel to me, and the other man was kind, oh, so kind ! and I was very young. 1 was only sixteen when I died. Shall 1 tel! you the story ? I have never told anyone, because I died before help came, but I should like to tell you if you will be Kind to me.' I lelt as if i had a naughty child to deal with; the voice was very young and very near me, and the remembrance of the youth ful and beautiful face in its frame downstairs was very vivid. 4 "Where are you, Patty ?' I asked. Quite close,' she said. 4 I will tell you how it happened. I never meant to kill hiin. The other man was in there — I forget, you cannot see if I point. This was my room, that door led to my boudoir, and ha was there when my husband came in, and said things that he should not have said ; 1 was angry. I took a pistol and shot him, I never meant to do it, I never thought he was dead, I thought he had fallen down to frighten me. Then the other man came in — it was his pistol that 1 had nsr-d — and called me ' mur- HarnBfi ' unr) autn rhaf t rtni- 1 — X UUtA put UiO 4 lie 1U danger as well a3 mine, and that he would not stay there to be hanged with me, and, m spue of all my tears and prayers that he would save me, ne, who had always been so good to me, he opened the window, and ran for his lite. When i saw him run across the lawn to the tree where his horse was tied, J and knew he would never come back to me, | it did not seem worth while to live any 4 longer, so I shot myself.' | . . There was something inexpressibly ghastly 1 in the toneless, weary voice coming out of r nothing m the dusky room, telling its brief unhappy story with its tremulous mention of 4 tne other man. ' I come here every night,' it continued.. ' If I could be sorry, i could rest, but I can not be sorry, and I am not sorry. If he were here now, . I would kill him again, 1 can never forgive him, never, never, never.' The voice wa3 ringing now with passion, and caught with sobs. A great longing came over me to take the poor little ghost in my arms and kiss and comfort her, but alas ! I could not even see hor ! when the sobbing changed suddenly into a laugh, and " the Voice said, 'And now yon can talk to me. I want to know all about the fashions. I come here and I look at people's clothes, but tney wear sr.ua quror tilings, 1 cauaot. understand thera. Tell me what you wore last night.' I gapped. A ghost telling murder stories is coinprehensiblo if a little commonplace, but a frivolous young ghost talking about fashions is an anachronism. ' Would you like to know what I should be wearing if you. could see me?' the gay Voice said. ' The last dress I wore was a sacque of blue-flowered brocade over a green satin skirt, and I had my hair powdered as it is in my pioture downstairs. It was yellow hair, you know, and my eyes were blue ; I was one of the belles of the time, and a reigning toast for a season, but it is all over now. Imagine it, I have not spoken, to any one for close upon a hundred years, it is enough to make one die of the dumps, if one were not dead already I Tt is so strange to be dead — let's change the subject. What will yon wear when you get up ia the morn ing? What morning gowns do they have now ?' My visitor's changes of mood were as sudden as they were surprising, hut I had my wit3 by this time, and was able to answer her question. ' We don't wear morning gowns,' I said ; » I shall put on my coat and skirt. Your what ?' said the Voice. ' Coat and skirt,' I replied. « I don't understand,' sighed the Voice ; what is it like ?' It 13 never easy to explain yourself to a person who has no clue to your, meaning, but it is particularly difficult, to describe your dres3 to the ghost of a murderess who died in the last century, and I completely failed to make myself understood. 'If I could only see it,' she wailed; and then, with one of her sudden changes of voice and mood, ' ah ! but I can, it is you that cannot see me, not I that- cannot see you. Are not your things in the wardrobe ; I sa v the m iia unpack for you this afternoon, you will not mind if I turn your things out, I know where they are. Oh, why did I not think of this tefore !' I glanced anxiously at the candle ; it was long and would certainly burn until the short summer night was at an end ; for I felt that, were I left alone in the dark with that voice, which could no doubt see as well in the dark as in the light (if a voice can bo said to see), I should certainly go mad. Otherwise, with the aid of the candle, my fear resolved itself into a creepy nervousness. The wardrobe door opened, and my coat aad skirt got down from their hooks and came across the room. « The coat,' said the Voice, thoughtfully, ' reminds me of a riding coat ; but the skirt —don't yon have hoops now-a-days ? 4 They went out of fashion years ago, I . You see, we are more active now ; th-lB could not play tennis or go on the top ft aQ omnibus if they wore hoops. MV skirt fell ia a heaP on tlie groattd- « nS./Ki omnibus ?' queried the Voice. Yfktoj" % »v 1 ? Vf- 'A ' Do yon ride in stage coaches ? she said, answered ; ' everyone does.' , 2my we bad our own coaches, the Voice replied with polite scorn, and my dress Si8 before the looking-glass, or sol the® «1 for aU I saw was my hat hanging supposed, f 0 i heard her peals of J® ft ffmy bat turned round and round or I lyio '!>»>« t!lls It, was very ffraeBome.iymg oandle shadowy room wndpe struggled together, and the CQt?Vf tbe ghost's silken skirts w eTwr" Cltl thing and looked at all my clothes. She was evidently enjoying herself very much, and T had lost my fear of her and was even becoming a trifle sleepy, and wondering if she would ever go away, when she spoke again. ' What is this ?' she said. My best evening gown was close to me. ' Chiffon,' I answered, yawning. ' You are very kind,' she said, politely. ' People don't answer me generally, in fact never, aud I have often tried to speak to them. What is your name ?' I told her. ' Maud !' she said, but from the sound of her voice and the position of my bodioo I gathered that she was far more interested in my sleeves than in me. 4 What an. odd name !' ' Patty,' I said, 4 why don't you talk like one of Miss Burney's novels P Your con versation is positively modern.' She laughed. ' I do not know,' she said, ' you must ask cleverer ghosts than I ; but' I suppose we talk after the manner of the person to whom we appear ; I cannot talk to other people I know. May I try on this gown ? I should like to have a new dress, the first for a hundred years — but I am keeping you awake, I am so sorry, and so selfish.' She seemed very near to me now, and near tears, so that once more I felt a wish to comfort that fascinating little ghost . ' Patty.' I said, sitting up in bed as I spoke, ' Patty darling, it's all right ; try it on by all means, only don't cry. She laughed again, the bodice rose from the floor, and I lay back watching tho un seen hands of that long dead beauty, busy with my very modern satin dress, till the bodice came close up to me and the gay voice of my visitor implored me to help her ' do it up.' Mechanically, feeling that the dress stood out but feeling np body within it, I did up the hooks ; -it sprang from me as I fastened the Jast of the set, and, the skirt far too long for the little ghost, held up in both hands, it ran to the glass. ' I want a necklace,' cried the laughing voice, 1 may I have yours ? Oh, I know you will lend it to me ! Here is the case, your keys are in your pocket, are they not ? Which is the right one ? Oh, be quick, be quick!' She seemed to be all over the room at once iu her excitement, my necklace hanging in the air a few inches above tho lace of my dress, and I sat up watching it, half in fear, half in amusement ; she was such a frivolous little ghost, and so gay ! Dawn had come upon us while W8 were busy with my dress. Already the candle burnt dimly in the lessening twilight, and now the first beam of the sun shot through the opening between the curtains. With a cry of fear and horror my dresB fell in a heap on the floor as the sunlight struck it, and turned its white to scarlet ; my necklace, clattering to the ground, lay like drops of blood in the warm red light. ' The sun !' she cried, ' ah ! how it hurts !' I never saw her again. — M. A. Boyce. 