LITERATURE. New Books and New Editions. "Where the Dead Men Lie" and other poems, by Barcroft Boake (Messrs. Angus and Robertson, Sydney), is a collection of short pieces, belonging to the distinctive Australian "school" of poetry, of which Gordon may be accounted the founder and the pattern. Mr. Boake was his acknowledg- ed disciple, and not only his writings, but his life, even to his voluntary leaving of it, bears resem- blance to that of his master. The memoir ap- pended to the collected poems by their editor, A. G. Stephens, shows as plainly as do the verses themselves how their author possessed the quali- fications necessary to an Australian poet. His faculty of versification, though wholly untrained, sufficed for the production of lines whose rugged character — even to the substitution of assonance for rhyme — is appropriate enough to a bushman's lays of the bush, and will offend those only of his readers who value nicety of literary, work- manship. His experiences as surveyor, as boun- dary-rider, and in travelling with stock, gave him practical and varied knowledge of the life and scenes of inland Australia; while the natural and, perhaps, hereditary disposition of his mind en- abled him to discern their picturesque and roman- tic aspects. Passages from his letters, quoted in the memoir, show that he was deeply penetrated by the feeling and influence of these. "There is pleasure," he writes, "in a mad gallop; or in watching the dawn of day on a cattle camp-to see the beasts take shape, and change from an indistinguishable mass of black and white into their natural colors; in the dead of night to find yourself alone with the cattle-all the camp asleep, perhaps only a red spark betokening the camp. I find something unearthly in this assemblage of huge animals ready at any moment to burst forth like a pent up torrent, and equally irresistible in their force." He goes on to describe the low, moaning sound, ris- ing to a roar, or subsiding to a murmur like dis- tant surf, which is a sign that the cattle are quiet; and the effect of the moonlight upon the dark mass, with the occasional flash of eye or horn catching the light. The sound and the sight con- jure up strange fancies in him; he seems to be in some other world. Here, in a few words, we have the principal material of bush poetry ex- pressed even better than in the verses themselves, together with the poet's feeling towards his sub- ject and its effect upon his imagination. Of the poems, the one which gives its title to the collec- tion is perhaps the most characteristic, the most morbid, and the least satisfactory. The "Wastes of the Never-never" are haunted by the ghosts of those who have died to enrich the station-own- ing "Money-grub," and very unkindly "take their pleasure" in scaring the travelling cattle, an that the surviving drovers "know no leisure." The pieces which, like "Jack's Last Muster," are most directly inspired by Gordon, are naturally tried somewhat severely by comparison with their ex- ample; while for an unskilled versifier to follow Swinburne, as in the "Wayside Queen," is to court disaster; but there is a charming little bush idyll in "On the Boundary," and a creditable imi- tation of Bret Harte in "Josephus Riley." Noth- ing in the book pleases us better than the poems of which children are the heroes. Boake evident- ly had all a poet's sympathy with childhood, and his tale of the plucky little "Tuck," who went down a shaft after his fallen brothers, is as full of it as his more comical story of "Babs Malone's" un- premeditated appearance as a featherweight joc- key. For the first essays of a poet lacking the advantages of literary training, the work is, on the whole, commendable, and the pity excited by its author's untimely end combines with a regret that it leaves unfulfilled the promise of better and more original poetry which these pieces con- tain. Not that Boake was likely to become the great poet of farthest Australia, to whose advent he looked forward, as one of his letters shows. For he that "is for to come" must have not only the knowledge and the inspiration which Boake possessed, not only the technical skill which Boake might have lived to acquire, but a broader and saner philosophy, a greater power to recog- nise the final good beyond the proximate evil, than we find in any of the bush school as yet. He will recognise that adventure and excite- ment are not the only things which make life worth living, and that even where these are ab- sent Australia is no "Land of Dumb Despair," but of hopes to which he will give utterance and interpretation. "Patience Sparhawk and Her Times" is the title of a new book (published by John Lane), recently added to Messrs. Angus and Robert son's "Book Club." It is a story of the clever American writer, Gertrude Atherton, powerfully written, but of the nature of a character study rather than a mere recital of events. The vari- ous incidents and circumstances in the life of the heroine are described purely in relation to their influence on the evolution of her charac- ter, and the conflict between inherited tenden- cies and the results of environment, in its largest, sense, is admirably set forth. If not exactly a loveable woman, she is an eminently strong one, and with her anarchist impulses and clear brain it is no wonder that her career proves anything but peaceful. The book comprises nearly 500 pages, and is divided into five parts, the last containing the most dramatic and (to the rea- der, at least) the only really sensa- tional episodes in Patience Sparhawk's chequered career, the concluding chap- ter, indeed, providing a thrilling climax, and a cleverly worked up denouement. The story is one of which readers of modern novels will form a very different estimate, according to the indi- vidual standpoint of each, but it may safely be said that it will certainly produce a definite im- pression, whether favorable or the reverse. 