"ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA ? CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN l THE WORLD OVER. 3 A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the "AustralBan' Workman.") Our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to. be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary ques tIc'as, 'he, said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to.tell you. The facts may be of value to those who. are stricken as I was." "How l:ong were, you suffering?" "Aboult five-and-half years ago .I met wivth an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my heal'h began to fail, and after four years of gradual developm'en:t of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." "What were the! symptoms?" "Simply inndescriIbable. Th:e pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like, as if a saw were cutting any bon?rs in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nl.o sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. "I came Ihome and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could; by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He .came to the ocnclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and diffliculty In co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I mIght last for ten years, and Ithat I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to sh~ow that medi cal opinion is not infallible.) "Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a bcase which seemed to fit my own. I de termined to give Dr. Williams's Pink Pills a Itrial anyway, and sent for -a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me.. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It. was incredible. I imome diately left the bend and was able to move about When taking theA fifth box, I was able to walk about wilth the aid of a stick, and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use ihem, .and now I don't wanit them." Mrs. Jarvis, who Jhad come in and r taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. r Williams's Pink Pills saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who' called in at this polint said 'that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short Stime back. "I can now," contin.ued Jarvis, "have ta cold balth, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and ,you know I haveto be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better tel-day than I have been at any time during the t past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and fell like a new man. On the mandtlepiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex crnciating pain. But they can stay where btey are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has b-been amazed at t.he change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation outf:here." WHAT MR. LABOUR LEADER M'GOWAN KNOWS. M r. J. S. T. M'Gowan, M.P., leader \- of the labour party in the N.S.W. As sembly, was also seen in connection \- with the remarkable case of Mr. a Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known Jarvis frOm infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at \- Glebe Island abattolrs owing to a 0 malady which he developed. He after wards heard, tshat Jarvils was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his: recovery. "He understood Jarvis was: refused. 'admission to the Sydney Hos pital, as his case had been pro?oernced incurable. Mr. M'Gowan was, there fore, like everyone else who knew the' facts, astounded at the complete re-" covery 'of Jarvis. Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People do nat ss.op short at the cure of' locomotor ataxia; they positively cure' rhoumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralg~a, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all d'is cases of women, such as anaemia, poor' and watery blood, female" irregulari ties, nervous headache, and hynteria.. They are not a purgative medieine, but_ brace up and permanently strengthen: the whole system. Dr. Williamns's Pink Pills are obtainable from all lead- tag chemists, or from the Dr. Wil liams's Medicine Company, Queen's- place, Sydr.ey, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stramps or post order, 1 box for 2s 9d or half-dozen: for 15s 3d. 