THE NATIONAL ART ? GALLERY. . OPENING OF THE NEW WING. A SPLENDID LOAN EXHIBITION. The opening to-morrow, by his Excellency the Governor, with a superb exhibition/ of loan piotures, of the wing that has lately been erected as the first instalment of the perma nent National Gallery of New South Wales, will not only form an appropriate oelebration of Queen's Birthday, but will be the first step towards the removal of a a tigma, whioh, like that of the ill-famed Post-office carvings, and, thanks to the apathy of successive Govern ments, has rested on the oity's and the colony's fp.ir fame for a good many years past, in the of art. THE NEW BUILDING. A model of what tbe Gallery will look like when completed may be seen in the old main hall; aud, as regards the now oompleted portion, tbe simple beauty of the chastely Classic exterior, in freestone on a trachyte base — one of the most successful little bits of architecture in tho city — no less than the stately proportions of the interior — a vaulted aud colonnaded gallery 100ft long, in three divisious, flanked by three smaller courts, and all lighted to perfection from above — the whole bears testimony, not only to the ability of the Government Architect, Mr. W. L. Vernon, by whom it was designed, bat to the excellent taste of the trustees (especially their zealous and indefatigable president, Mr. E. Du Faur), who of course determined on the general form and style to be adopted for the edifice. THE AET LOAN COLLECTION consists of 200 oil paintings, 320 ivater-colors, 28 miniatures, aud 22 etchings, making altogether 570 exhibits ; a large — perhaps the larger — proportion of which are tlie works of deceased or old-time artists, while our local living painters are advisedly represented only by a few examples lent by their possessors. The avowed object of the trustees has beeu to produce an exhibition, not of Australian art as it exists to-day, but of the art of New South Wales while the colony was still (or almost still) Australia, iu conjunction with the art, both past and present, of the United Kingdom and the Continent. Our first duty, therefore, is to express the debt of gratitude owed by the publio to those ladies and gentle men (including his Excellency) wbo have so trp.TinrniiHl v dannHed hliwir own walla in ordor to form this valuable educational exposition of the graphic arts, and to express the hope that that gratitude will be displayed by visitors returning over and over again to inspect the show during the six or eight weeks it will remain open. Our next duty is rendered the mote difficult by the fact that the majority o£ the exhibits being necessarily drawing - room piotures, and not nailery paintings — many of them little gems, only a few inches in size — their number is proportionately increased ; so that, eveu were the space at our disposal much greater than it is, all that would be possible would be to indicate the general character of this highly attractive collection, aud to mention a few of the most striking out of something like 600 works, nearly all of which are worthy of careful and protracted inspection. THE MOST INTERESTING FEATURE of the exhibition — at all events to us Aus tralians — is the work by Conrad Martens, Sir Oswald Brierley, J. Skiuner Prout, and a few other artists, who during the long years in which the necessarily prosaic avocations of early Colonial life left little leisure for the cultiva tion or pursuit of the sasthetio, still kept alive aud trimmed THE SACKED LAMP OF AET, and 80 rendered possible the productions of our Piguenits and Streetons, our Listers, Roberts' and Fullwooda, our Aali tons, Maboneys and Hansons, and other local painters, whose efforts we look for ward to from year to year each Spring. The examples by mid-century artists in this country are exclusively in water- colors, excepting about a dozen oils by Martens — hy no means his best works, though a few of them, such as the 'View on the Macquarie River' (52), are strikingly reminiscent of the 17th century French laudscapist, Claude Lor raine's, effectB. There are altogether between 70 aud 80 of Martens' works, about a third of that number by Brierley, and half of that again by Skinner Prout; while to this section belong likewise some good examples of Jj'. (J. Terry s, a. 1. (iili 8, and m. is. Boulton's N.S.W. productions. The exquisite composition, tho descriptive truth, the deli cacy and yet breadth of execution, the fine (if sometimes old-fashioned and somewhat artificial) coloring, the beauty of the aerial perspective, and the 'frequently entrancing effects of transmitted or reflected light, to be found in the best of Martens' works (which are nearly all grouped together in three sets, and chiefly represent this colony's tcanery), wil he a revelation to many who have hitherto known that gifted artist by little more thau name. Most of the Brierleys and Skinner Prouts are similarly placed together — indeed, as is usual in the Sydney Gallery, the arrange ment of the pictures deserves the highest praise, and the hanging is facilitated by tlie use of Bartlett's patent picture-rests — and both groups will repay attention in only a leB3 degree than those by Conrad Martens. A TASTE FOE THE OLD MASTERS, important, nay essential, as it is to a thorough and. Catholic cultivation of the Fiue Arts, has as yet iu this country, for the most part, to be still formed ; and therefore the old-time section of the show will probably command the least interest of any in the minds of the general pdblio. Still, no one with eveii a rudimentary love and taete for art can look upon the graceful beauty of Veronese's, Vandyko's, Kneller'a, aud Sir Joshua's portraits, the composition and color iu Raphael's ' Trans figuration ' (493), the classic pastoralism (artificial as it is) of Watteau's ' Blind Man's Buff' (497), the descriptive detail in Cano letti's views of Venice, or the intensity of expression in the heads of Caravaggio's 'Gamblers' (491), and still more in 'The Tribute Money ' of Rubens (508), without desiring a greater familiarity than is at preseut possible in Sydney with the works of those immortaL painters who, from the thir teenth to the seventeenth century, fed with the purest and noblest oil the altar flame of art, aud paved the way for the more pictorial, dramatio, and popular achievements of tbe present and the last few generations. THJE MODERN OIL PAINTINGS will doubtless prove tlie most attractive por tion of the exhibition to the average visitor. Iu the midst of all the present wars' and rumors of wars the well-composed, and finely painted Waterloo episode at the 'Farm on Mount St. Jean' (881, by Ernest CroftB, possesses a special interest of tbe same description as ' The Defence of Rorke's Drift.' A glorious work is Vicat Cole's ' A Summer's Day on the Aran' (100), a perfect specimen of the true, pure English school of landscape before it felt the influence of the 'Impressionist' and French schools. Such a picture is a standing, silent protest against the gaudy daubs and barefaced splotches which some of our modern fledglings of the brush and palette would fain pass off as painting. Auain, in Farquharson's delicious ' Shades of Evening' (99), the painter and the poet meet in the soft gloaming as it closes iu about the glen. Very different is the sturdy, downright prosaicism (yet not witbout'a touch of poetry) of the well-drawii 'Linen rtttf.hnrfirn ' (77i. bv Val PrinseD. a sloDe of English down, with a number of young women carrying their filled, baskets from the drying grounds. The humorous phase of the materialism of a good many of the Continental artists finds expression in Bellei's ' Grandmother ' (29), a laugh ing old peasaut woman and two romping girls, and in Aune Nordgren's 'Darby and Joan' (135), alBO a smiling anoient peasant pair. Both these works are as firmly handled as they are healthy in tone and full of character. An aspeot of the younger Peasa lit life of Italy in seen in Boohi's oxcood* ingly strong cottage interiors and their littlo denizens, ' Knitting ' (75) and ' Italian Children' (80). 'l'ho exhibition of three of Turner's, works would alone dive importance to tho Bhow. Tho immortal painters ' Early Morning ' (105) is a-' beautiful Italian view, and belongs to the best of' his) three periods) while ' A Fog on' the River' (104f, difficult aa it may be to assign its poriod oft-hand, is remarkable foe the ' way in whicbthe shipping is made to lot o weird and ghost-l ike through the mist. Tho admirably painted Bheep ou the hillside are the chief featu rea of H. Bonnefov's 'Coming Stoics,.'' (161), j uat aa are the mules and their Anduiusiau riders in the nightin gale grove, in Ansdell's.' The Queen's Tower, Alhambra' (128). Tbe portraits of a 'Hun- garian Lady ' (38) by Georges .Becker, and of ' Edward Knox, Esq.' .. (141), by Professor Herkomer, are both fine works in very different styles; while E. M. Ward's soberly painted ' Madame Elizabeth in thd Bastilo *' (140), displays the better characteristics of that olever artist, without1 his frequent, staginess and tinsel. 'Erasmus Expounding the Scrip tures'' (143), by Vandarhaegen, is notioeable for the expressiveness of the heads, and in J. W. Waterhouse's ' Sleep and His Brother Death '? (142), the figure of earthly sleep is beautifully treated ; while the. sweet little ' Girl's Head ' (41), by G. ;D. Leslie, ia a far better specimen of bis work than the larger picture, 'My Duty Towards.My Neighbor,' in the British court. . There are many other fiue figure subjects, landscapes and seacapeB — among the latter, Brett's delicious ' Ou the English Coast' (17), and several by D. James — scarcely less worthy of attention thau the above ; while Mr: Piguenit's masterly studies of Tasmanian scenery, in black and white, must uot be overlooked. ? THE WATER-COLOES . form really the, most valuable, though they may not perhaps ba the most popular, portion of the exhibition; bnt,to deal with nearly 200 works (exclusive of the Martens,' Brierley aud other groups already mentioned) in the space that still remains to U3 .is, indeed, a forloru hope. To those who know anything of British art the name of David Cox is like. the trumpet blast to the old war-horse. There are halfa dozen examples of his splendid work, of which the most completely characteristic, perhaps, is ' Borrowdale, North Wales '(425), with the brown-grey clouds just kissing the hill crests. There are specimens, too, of William Bennett's masterful tree drawiug, of which the best is ' Richmond Park, Surrey ' (392). Among several pieces by old Samuel Prout, the ' Sceue iu Veuice ' (362) is as fiue as any thing he ever did; while Etty is well repre sented by his ' Cupid aud Psyche ' (390), t he female figure very sweetly drawn. Of David Roberts the best example is a glowing but sternly treated fragment of ' The Colosseum ' (329) ; while out of half-a-dozen of T. B. Hardy's exquisite seascapes the palm must be given to ' In . the Downs'' (454) for the splendid drawiug of tho shipping, the beautiful effocts of light, and the treatment of the low toned color. Tomassi is represented by quite a crowd of works, of which 'Italian Boys' (395) and .' Palmistry ' (434) are especially noticeablo (apart from the splendid drawing and strong human character in each) for the sobriety in lucid hue — almost a monoehroine in grays — of the one, and the vivid color richness of the other. Some of the work by Bernard Evans, sketchy as it is, we prefer, with its dashing force of drawing and color, to his more finished pieces in the old water-color court ; while E. Wake Cook is fully as well represented in the preseut as ' in the per manent show by several charming works. Both T. M. Richardson and T. L. Rowbotbam find a place ; and neither Copley Fiddinsr's perfectly drawn ' Looh Tay *' (326), nor ' (. n the Tiber's' beautiful sweep of pearl grey water (391), by 0. Quilaudi, must be passed by. Of Paul Naftel, David Law and Hern, of Callow, Mole and Strutt, of Cattermole, and Arthur Suker, Carl Vacher, Buxton Knight aud many other masters of their art, as well aB of the miniatures and etchings, all that regretfully we cau say, in Hamlet's dyinc wor le, is that, of necessity, ' the rest is silence.' ; ? — d.l» 