THE HIERARCHY OF THE CHURCH. We take the following from the discourse of Archbishop Hennessy at Archbishop Ryan's ' Silver Jubilee' celebration in Philadelphia : — ' Look at the Roman Catholic Hierarchy, num bering one thousand Bishops, hundreds of thou sands of priests, with the Bishop of Rome at their head, whom they all obey and from whom they receive jurisdiction. Are they not a body with a head, like every living body ? With their members constantly changing as death thins their ranks, and others added as needs arise, are they not a corpora tion ? What they are to-day under Leo, they were yesterday and the day before under Pius IX. and Gregory XVI., the same under every Bishop of Rome up to Peter, firBt Bishop of that city. Each of these Bishops was in his day the head of a cor poration numbering for the most part hundreds of Bishops and tens of thousands of priests. That line of Bishops of Rome is as visible in the light of hiBtory and as easy to be traced by men of goodwill as the line of your Presidents or of the rulers of any other country. The eyes of the world have ever been on it, the tongue and pens of men busy with it. Like that line, the corporation of which each of these Bishops was head in his day, stretches from Leo to Peter. It has ever taught as if with one mouth. Its members have ever claimed infallibility in teaching — they have ever challenged the outside world, the learned among them, of every age and country, to disprove their claim by pointing out when and where and how and under what circum stances they ever dropped an old doctrine, intro duced a new or changed in aught one iota the deposit confided to them for delivery to the nations. The claim stands and bo does the challenge. They ruled their people by the authority of the Holy Ghost. They had ever administered seven mysteri ous ceremonies, of whose Divine institution and use by the Apostles the New Testament gives evidence. By these they raised the dead to life, the very thing needed to reinstate the fallen, and subse quently fed them with true bread from Heaven, the bread of life, the flesh of Christ, as St. Paul did the Corinthians. They built up a society such as the world has never seen, a veritable mountain on the top of the hills, on the sides of which seven foun tains are ever playing in sunlight, like the geysers of the Yellowstone Park, clothing it with beauty from base to summit. The nations they converted, the institutions they founded, the councils they held, East and West, from that of Jerusalem to the Vatican ; the laws they enacted, the doctrines they defined, the errors they condemned, the heretics they cut off, like dead branches from the Tree of Life ; their struggles, with tyrants, oppressors, perse cutors, for the rights and possession, all matters of history — these and a thousand others are witnesses to the devotion and labours of that body, its invin cible spirit, its brilliant and beneficent career. Like the sun in the heavens, it is a light ; it stands alone, distributing on all sides the gifts entrusted to it. It is the corporation formed by Christ, and its members His only ministers. How sad to think that sixty millions of our 'people turn a deaf ear to the message that was sent to them and turn their backs to the legacy that was left to them, are not under the guidance of these ministers, nor receiv ing from their hands the mysteries and treasureo they dispense, the merits of Christ, without 'which no one can reach Heaven.' 