COMPLETE STORY. .[published jjy special abeanoement.] The Sonl of Kathleen, C. «J. Hargreaves, Author of "Friend or Traitor," "The Ghost of Harp Thorpe, ten." [coPYEianT.] The train had come to a standstill inside Cine of the numerous tunnels which seem to cut the ilidland line through Derbyshire into sections, and which aro a. constant source of irritation to the luckless traveller, to whom wild beauty of scenery scarcely compensates for the jolting, noisy rattle of. the train as it plunges in and out of these dark yawning mouths. Anthory Grieg, passenger by thin belated train, flung down his newspaper with a little exclamation of impatience. The light in the carriage was veryprjor: he could not see to read. It was had enough enduring the discomfort of thes* tunnels, hat when the traiu was actually brought to a standstill in one of them, arid—as was the present case—showed no signs of moving out again, then Grieg considered ho had a right to feel aggrieved." His reflections were not pleasant ones either. Fate had been uitkiud to Anthony, and with what ho had saved from the wreck of a former fortune he was now on his way to rough it iu Australia, and if possible carve oat a future for himself. He leaned his bead against the window of the carriage, staring absently into the murky darkness outside, which came thickly up against the pane3 like a cloud of dingy fog. Then suddenly he started back, an un- j pleasant sensation thrilling him from head i to .foot. For a second surely there had} been pressed against the pane a small white j face, with a pair of "hnnted half-famished; eyes, whieh had.met his full and straight, like a glance from another world. It vanished utterly, completely. For the moment Gneg fancied that his brain must have played him false—it was a trick of the imagination, a mere vision, a phantasy, called up by his ouxious over-wrought-etate of mind. Still tho vision hud seemed real enough. A second later he pulled himself together with a mattered anathema at his own folly. Grieg had plenty of common sense, and courage too, but the experience was an unpleasant one, and he 'was alone in the carriage. For his own satisfaction he must sift this mystery, and fully on the alert now, was not likely to be taken at a disadvantage. Lowering the window with a sharp rattle, he leaned out, looking eagerly up and down choline. The engine was screaming shrill}* ahead. Then quite suddenly he became aware of a woman's figure crouched on the footboard, clinging desperately to the little rail ubovc her. Grieg rubbed his eyes, still fancying himself the victim of a delusion, hut a second later a voice floated up to him—a low, piteous, agonised voice. " If you have any mercy, take me in; help desperate.'1 Grieg pulled open^ the door. He was speechless from astonishment. What in all creation could the woman be doing there 'i Woman indeed! A poor, thin slip of u girl, with a white, terror- strioken face, and a pair of big gray eyes, which glanced from side to side_like some hunted thing at bay. He bad palled ber into the compartment with some difficulty, for she seemed bo numbed with cold, and now they stood staring at one' another in the half light, silent still; only that shrill scream of the engine was whistling on ahead. Grieg was the first to speak. 11 What brought yon hero?" he demanded, cmtly, his eye taking in every detail of the Little blue sergc-clad figure, destitute of either wrap or hat. Then she burst into a passion o! tears, and crouching down in a corner of tho carriage, rocked to and fro in her misery. Grieg, who never at any time could bear to sec a woman in distress, sat down beside her, trying for some timo in vain to check her sobs and iearn tbo reason of this unexpected apparition. Bit by bit at last the story came out, and a highly improbable one it sotmdod—at least at tho first blush—but, after a while, Grieg felt inclined to give credence to it. She hod escaped, so she frankly confessed, from some house in the nature of a lunatic asylum, situatedatalittledistancefromthotun uel in which Grieg had discovered her. She had avoided detection by the platelayers, and since quite early in the morning had besn crouching in its dark recesses, hoping that by some lucky chance a train might be delayed here, and give her the opportunity to get into it unseen. She bad not dared to go to the station for fear of discovery. Grieg watched her keenly. Once the girl regained some self-control, her story was coherent enough, and question as he might he could not shake it. 11 You tell me," he paid, slowly, "you toll ine that'y°u are quite sane, and that your incarceration in the asylum was the outcome of some evil person's* revenge. If I am to help you, I must know more than this." She blushed then; blushed a vivid scarlet over her pale face. " It can do no good to tell," she exclaimed distressfully. " I must know," he insisted. She glanced up at him, thon away, and suddenly. Grieg awakened- to the foot that despite her pallor and exhaustion this elf from the dingy tunnel was a very pretty girl. "I lmvobeen living for throe years with my cousin," she murmured ut last in evident embarrassment. "Yes." • "Then some time ago—six months per haps—I don't know, I havo lost count of the weeks—she died; Iliad no other homo to which I could go, no friend.*, or relations, and they had always been very kind to me." Tho girl paused, and then went on dospe atcly:— 4,i stayed on for some woeks, helping the housekeeper, until one day my cousin's hus band " ' " Oh, yes. I understand now," said Grieg, with a sudden burst of rage. "He—he wanted to marry.me; and I hate him-roh, how I hate him. And I was, frightened/too, because thcro wax uo homo for me anywhere. He locked mo in my room, —brute—and tho housekeeper would not help me. Always, always, I said I would not marry tira. I tried to escape, but I was caught. Then one day a friend of his, a doctor, came and tried to prove I wus insane. Insane!" the girl laughed bitterly. " No wonder T was insane and dcspjivuto. They druggod my food, X thiuk, and then I was taken to a madhouse, a dreadful house " Sho broke off and gave a little shudder. "Ah, it seems liko a hideous dream. Last night I escaped—I have a little money, but what must X do now? " she put out her hands with an appealing gesture, pathetic, utterly helpless.. " Iu all tho world 1' have no friends, not one.- - I wish that in the tunnel X had been killed-—only it was so horriblo,* horrible, waiting thore—such a hideous death !" " Hush, hush," said Grieg, gently. Then he was silent a moment. -The. train had begun to move rapidly out of the tunnel; at the next stopping-place this little waif was almost certain to be. discovered. ".Kathleen" —your name is Kathleen^ you tell m?—has it struck you that in all probability thoy,may have telegraphed to these intermediate sta tions to have you detained ?" Her eyes grew suddenly wide' with horror; sho made a little movement as if she would j again have dashed the door open. Grieg put his arm about her, swinging her hack into the seat as if she had been tho merest baby. "Listen," he said, peremptorily. ; "I will save you." He no longer doubted the girl's story. 'Her sanity, despite the natural ex citement and terror under which she labourod, : was evident enough. "Will you place your-' self unreservedly in my hauds ? " She gave him a long intent look. Grieg's honest face and kindly eyes could but inspire confidence. "Yc.% lean trust you," she said, gripping her hands tightly to still thoir nervous trombling. " We are n earing Lexhara, now," he con tinued. " This is the junction preceding it. ! Tut on my cap—1 have a hat in the rack, mid j it would look suspicions for you to be without, j I shall cover you with this rug, and remember ' —you are odeep. Leave tho rest to me, and don't be frightened. I expect the carriage will bo searched here." ' The train was now almost in the station. The short December day was fast drawing to a close. Perhaps this friendly darkness would shield them somewhat, j Grieg put his arm about the girl, drawing her pretty head on to his shoulder. - She made a little movement as j if to repulse him, but ho hold her fast. I 44 Quiet, for your life, ho muttered, rhe young man had seen what she had not, that at the foot of a flight of steps, which gave egress from this not very important station, stood a policeman, stationed tncro with intent to carefully scrutinies ■ all passengers, who alighted from the train. A few seconds of intolerable suspense, then the door burst sud-. denly open, and the ticket- collector appeared. With him was another man, whose keen eyes took an instant survey of the carriage. 14 We have received a wire from. Mite ham to be on the lookout for an escaped female lunatic," said the collector, explaining-. 44 Short, slight, fair, wears a blue dress. Seen anyone answering to that description, Grieg shook his head. The girl beside him scarcely moved. 44 No," he said. 441 and my wife have had this compartment to ourselves most of the way." A moment later the door banged. They wore again elone. The danger was past. Now you are all right," said Grieg, en couragingly. 44 We got over that very well." ' he spoke to « Bnt he spoke to empty ears. Kathleen had fainted away in his arms. The rescue of . a friendless unprotected damsel has, in spite of its romantic flavour, a corresponding degree of disadvantage, and when a few hours later Anthony Grieg reached London with his helpless charge, whose pro longed faintiug fit had left her weak and spent, he was at his wits* end what to do for the best. His own position was a peculiar one. Of relations he had none, of friends few. There was no house to which he could take the girl for shelter; she was in her present state absolutely incapable of managing for herself, and her wistful trusting dependence upon him roused all that was chivalrous in the man's nature. True, there wero shelter homes and friendly societies under whose protection ho could perhaps havo placed her, but an odd disinclination to tako such a step opposed Grieg every time when this alternative occurred to him. Sho seemed somehow to be Ins own peculiar property, und ho would not. lightly give her up. He had pluccd her, until something could be arranged, in a 6mall, cheap, but respectable hotel m the Strand. His own plan to leave England in a fortnight's time admitted of no alteration, and the days slipped rapidly away. Iliere reraainod "but this one alternative, a mad one the world would say—to marry Kathleen, and take her with liim. Wan it much" wonder that the girl herself, around whose short life so little affection had centered, should yHil' glndly to liia tender 'ontreutica? Passionfe' sometimes, nnyoften, grows apace. Itneeded.^ no weeks of long duration to convince Griegl' thut ho loved her. _ _ "Andyou do beliovc it is not onlyfroni^'. grntitndo that I would- selfishly tako -yo^r -: love and. protection, becauso I stand 8o' sor?ly',|f in need of thorn, that I will marry, youfi'V*: whispercd Kathlpen, shyly, when lie woo3^ her with the passionate fervour of a man who~'/f has found the lesson of love nn casyonetorf learn. "There is another reason; T will.teV?' your wife, becauso—." "You love roe also," ho said. tendertjf£ri future was uot gilded by fortune.: SucK tune as they could ever havo his own itrongr. arma must work for. "Butyou will not mind that,V ho- said£^ kissing her. "Wo can face oven- poverty^7', together, dourest, and I will'make a home'-for^ you, never fear." Much later on the same evening which had'4 witnessed this plcdgiug of their lives together,^ come weal come' woo, Anthony Gricg:.Vas:^; seated in his bedroom at the hotel, imraorsed-'c. in correspondence. 'Full "of businM^v'hlstV fcbonghts were not oven just \then .-withlF-' Kathleen; but suddenly ha looked up'aSlXt confronted a vision so unexpected yet' so like, that his very senses reeled, und his hearf^ stood still. There had been '.noXsoundioff/: opening door, or step, or rustle, and; ycfc:;f before hiin, with features paler than'eveh'haWr had 3een them in life, with. piteouS grayejeal"'! full, of wistful entreaty, and; a curio'na'3 blurred indistinctness about faco and figure^'j" ' stood Kathleen. -One little thin hand raised to her head,.but she made no move*7? ment, no. step towards him, • no "word;;n®{j; sound."'" "Kathleen," exclaimed Grieg, 'breaking that spell-bound silence. " Wliat • dearest,"- He held out his arms, • theyclaa^ed^j but empty space. She hud vanished; Gncgivf Mink into" a ohair. - He was bathed in pcrspi^ ration, his limbs trembled under, hira,;- W^:' heart beat hard and fast. Then in tho midsfc^ of all this confusion and distress ho became-V< conscious of a loud knocking at the door;unl-P.': mechanically opened it. 11 There is a messenger from Charing Crosji Hospital, sir," began the man -—- -;Gnegfi dashed hira aside. S "Iknow," he said, in -an odd .stmawUV voico, "I know all." ' • j Fifteen minutes after ho stood by a bod in It ono of the long wards of the hospital," garmgl' down with desperate agonised eyesiat t^Ki silent little face upon tho pillow." The gray fc" eyes whioh only a few hours before had beca-*7 full of love for him were closed for ever, -and neither grfcf nor joy could disturb little Knth-^. - leenmore. * ■ . i " How did it happen ?" he asked hoarsely* of the quiet fuced nurse.by 'his side. i Then she told -him. Nothing strahge^it nothing unusual in the recital; only one oLv many accidents which- the heart of Londfm?ir witnesses daily. A hurried run across the. t-. Blippery road, ono' false step, a helpless figure^ in the whirling traffic, and then—the end. ' ' "Sho'was conscious just for a little time,''':*' said the nurse gently, " and she wanted yon. ■.*< • fTell him,' she said, 11 was coming bim because I felt,frightened and I know ha;.').. would take care of me.' Then she gave a\£.. little sigh, and died very quietly." , . "When?" he asked, with a break m .Hi; v. - voice. "• The nurse looked at her watch. ^ 41 Just twenty minutes ago," she said "J So Kathleen's soul, before it passed for./, ever from this world, had paused for one brief tender farewell of the only man she ha4:.V ever loved. • Less than one-seventh of the silver coined .v is in actual circulation. 