-yANKEE «STJP.KEME HEAVEN.' I SHOCKING BKI.IGIOOS IMFOSTUIÍB. Since the beginning of time lhere have been, says a correspondent. {Treat impostors with largo followings. Not often before, however, liave cdncnt rd women of high social posh.¡or stilled themselves with such n cause as that 3ed by Schwelnfttrt.h, imposlor, blaspheme! and so-called " Christ." Of the man; branches of the ' Supreme Heaven ' at IRock ford, where tho man himself lives, there «ri- among its members some of the best-known women in the city. One of these is said to have spent £20,000 ior the furtherance of the movement. There is no luxury wanting in the perfect appoint- ments of this home. The tlnest horses in illinois belong to him. Ho has vehicles ol ?«very kind aud for all ocensioos. George Jacob Schweinfurth was born in 3853\. lin is, therefore, nt the present time -44 years old. During his youth his unique Abilities did not manifest themselves. He ivas regarded ns n rather modest, retiring ?young mun, with engaging manners and a anost picturesque exterior. He found both ?very useful in his brief career us a book . Agent, and he gradual rd from this profession .into the equally humble calling of beadle of 31 Methodist Church. He subsequently entered the ministry of tho Methodist Church on probation, but soon discovered that there wits nothing in "the church or its ministers tb " fnlHl his saul's aspirations,'its ho gracefully expressed it. It was In December, 1S77, that lie met tho inevitable woman. She was known as Helen Dorinda Fletcher Brockman, and had -established a little sect of her own. She claimed to he a woman Christ, made sacred ly the presence of tho 'spirit' within her, ¿She had her followers, of course, and they "grew In number. Schwelnfurth was much Attracted by the beauty of her views. His .own Methodist convictions, never very Mtrong, changed so startlingly that he was ?expelled ignominiously from the church, Jle immediately cast in his lot with Helen Uorinda's followers, The woman died soon .afterwards. Before her death she Informed Hier followers that her body must be left in din exposed place, where angels would call -within three days and carry it heavenwards. 'The faithful followers waited expectantly ior a week, nfter which the - body was interred by order of the Board of Health. After it was hurled, and the danger of angelic Interference was safely passed, :Schweinfurlh called the faithful about him and announced that he had a revelation from the dead woman. He was her spiritual son and successor, he said, and he was, therefore, tho natural, logical candidate for the position of second Messiah. The Beeck-' lunnites accepted the revelation- nod him. Ho was duly installed ns tho living Saviour, -tll-nun-hr In thom "a <Vnn> I l.n rlan.l T?.".., that day began the wonderful growth of the .blasphemous movement. Converts rallied .around the leader, who developed great ' business ability and a positive genius for getting the property of his faithful followers into his own hands. A tremendous financial impulse was given to the movement by the .conversion' of a rich farmer, who turned -over all his earthly possessions into the willing llanda nf tho impostor. A portion of this was a rich 500-acrn farm south-east of Rockford. Here the . Supreme Heaven ' was established, and here Schweinfurth fattened and prospered, Misguided men and woolen flocked to him, arid husbands and wives abandoned each other for him. Mothers left their children to become 4 angels * mid ' goddesses ' in this nest of iniquity. From time to time there were * angel children' born there 'of the Holy Ghost,' and Rockford, Christian city that it ls, rebelled against the angel children and thu whole nauseating situation. But try ns they Would, tho citizens could (ind no legal ground against them. Nothing could be proven, and Schweinfurth continued to Moorish. Ile liad developed into an exceedingly handsome, man, after his fashion, nnd he cultivated most carefully a resemblance to the pictured head or Christ. He was then, as he is now, slender, of -medium height, with blue eyes, reddish brown hair, worn pompadour ; a wavy auburn beard, a flue nose and pencilled eye- brows, almost perfect features, and very beautiful white teeth. Ills forehead was high and white, and the expression of lu's blue eyes benign at times, and at others -peculiarly keen and searching. The magnetism of I he man has always been wonderful. A clear-headed newspaper woman who visited him describes in these words tho elTect of his eyes upon her :-' As Jie talked some influence, I do not know what, kept my gaze fastened on bis fnco. I succeeded In concentrating my will-forces, .-straining them to the utmost to resist the unknown power of thoso eyes. \ 'As ho went on the room swam before mei .jound nnd round, the chairs seemed to be going through the measures of a minuet ; everything grew dark before my eyes. For n moment or two I could see nothing, but finally his face emerged from tho clouds of ?darkness, with thc basilisk eyes still fastened -upon ino, I bravely combated In Bplrit their snnkc-likc fascination, but when at last I rose from my chair I was so weak I could Jinrdly stand, ns exhausted as though I had walked ten miles. And his influence was always tho same. It seemed at limes that I could senrcely resist that powerful will: but ?each time T succeeded in keeping control of myself. And the women whom ho has under his sway said in confidence that there is dome magnetic power in his eyes which forces them to do his bidding, ana speak of a belief in him when their whole nature was antagonistic to it. Yet, outwardly, there «mild scarcely ho a meeker, more pationt, perfect man. It seemed ns if ho might be tho devil, come to this world in the garb of an angel of light.' Tho Schweinfurth of to-day is this man, unchanged. His prosperity has not altered ilis manner, though hm tastes grow more expensive. He dresses with much quiet elegance. His silk hat is always without it Uaw, his patent-leather shoes have no speck upon them, his hands are delicately mani cured* His so-called ' work ' consists principally jn long sermons to his flock. These frequen- tly last four or live hours. The elect listen to him in comfortable, cushioned chairs, while the new-comers and candidates sit in the outer darkness on upright wooden chairs, lie preaches from the Scriptures, which ho almost invariably distorts and twists from their generally accepted inter- pretation. This, In a few words, is Schweinfurlh's creed. Ile claims to have unlimited power. Ile insists on perfect obedience from tho fifty or sixty inmates of his home, and he loudly preaches love, purity and unselflsh jiess. Husbands and wives who come to him must live like brothers and sisters ?There must bo no onrthly ties in tho "Supremo Heaven.' Nevertheless, the 'angels' nearest to his throne aro the youngest und most attractive unmarried women in thc circle, and to .several of these hare come the 'holy chil- dren.' Schweinfurlh's marriage to one of the 'nngnls' In his home is said lo have been tho result of a natural shrinking from any further investigation into the-' spirit child' theories. There has- never been a hireling in the SJchweinfurlh menage, and not ono person attached lo the leader receives a cent of wages. The mnlo disciples have already done the hurd work. The simplest fooil is served to them, mid they sleep in close and crowded ^luartnrs, The old fanner, the donor of the .property, lias lived with Schwolnfurth since .lils conversion. His live sons, big, healthy men, are disciples, too, and drudge cheerfully nnd uncomplainingly. They regard the lender as God, and hold him in nwe accordingly. The jknowiedgo that two ' spirit children ' have come- to I hcii' mother has not lessened their simple faith. Au American inventor lias just succeeded in coinpli'tlnp; Hie nu»lel of a«nhmfirine boat, -which, ills claimed, will travel under waler nt, thc rate of six IIIÜI'M a minute, or about 5KK) miles in an hour. Ills boat, is constructed on a inerhnnical theory which, when mude known, will astonish the world, It is to ho kept n secret, however, until his patents aro jsecured, 