WtKSECTXLte fPAHKS. - -Ssflaen death in ibe Port fitom diph «sk. .;-??., ?;./. .' ? : Boys in Graham-street again a nuisance. ' ' Notice being given to make the sewer age' connections Daffodils look onf for the President's Jubilee Night, Jtme 28th. uaa. ?? neiener naa a spieuaia Eena cB, considering the short notice. . nJ . Mr. W. Keleher left for Western Ans tralia on Saturday. Fort Melbourne will trdss him. Thomas Egan'n Jriends are appealing against his sentence of six months for not having sufficient means of support. Mr. F. J. Freat&e; responded for the * boys ' who frequent the cricket ground, at ?? Dads ' farewell. He was sure they would miss htm. ' Ah well,' exclaimed a lady, speaking of a departed relative, ' he's like the boy who was trying to ride a bucking I horse, he's better off.'* j ?Mr. Hendry says its time to wake np j and take his balBain of horehou&d.; If j you do not you will soon wake up on the j other side ©I tbe tomb. A Bpeaker on Friday night said : ' It . tion'i do to be too good a man in the . - public eervioe.' As this was said by on IpMliSi /Baeknw Hiey a*e: only a make-believe, ?ndohly exist for BIu^'. To wit Turks v- eettfing in Thessaly. Mr Armstrong has not forgotten Uie importation of Messrs Sleath and Ferguson at the last general elections. Whatever happens he says that Mr : gangster will not have a walk-over. Constable Hourigan proceeded against a man on Monday morning for using obscene language. The constable said he had heard some 'language' before, Lui this was his worst experience. It must have been very bad. The time for securing votes is now past and gone. All who did not pay their rates on Thursday will be debarred from voting at the next municipal and Parliamentary elections, unless they have an Electors' Bight for the latter. Two policemen— Boiler and Fildes— offered their services to a lady in Bay etreet on Sunday nicht. Butler was rejected with scorn, but the lady con sented lo walk up the street on Fildes1 arm. A very taking lad is Fildes. A speaker at Friday nigEt's meeting j«id he hoped that when Mr. Keleher got to Western Australia, he would play with a straight bat, have a short innings, and then return to Victoria. It will eisilv be seen that this man was a cricketer. The other day when Frank Croker, the well-known jockey, was lost in the- moun tuns and nearly perished in the snow lie Hendry's Wattle Cream here to cure my chapped hands.' When he got to the hospital his wants were saDpiied. and J.p 4a nappy now. Conundrum.— We want to know who !V- the person referred to below is:— A ; person mentioned in the old Testament, referred to in the new ; whose name is not given ; who died as no other person ever died, whose flesh never saw ?^rpipbon, and the material of whose 'Twenty year* ago, *-Ha IfeA.1 might ? ' ~,£jtm*'kmn -gaa wijiJringTnt & tntsr vh ytmuum pieca of ground orer in the W8«, and those in the secret thought he was mad to attempt a cricket pitch from ?uch material ; but he plodded on, early m the morning and late at night; and if you wanted him, you would have to look about with a candle. I do not know whether be ever went to bed, but it was aaid that if he ever died his ghost would be found wandering over the pitch. But tbe resnlt of his labours— tbe present cncket ground— spoke volumes.51— Mr. 4, McClosky at the Eelefaar farewell gathering. 