BRIEF MENTION. Federation. 49 patriots 1 ? Select 10 only. Game season in,- ' Grecians defiant. ? Dancing Btarteil. ? - \ More disturbances. . Fishing party to- night. Will there bo u Pat-riot? Next Thursday polling day. Casino sports next Thursday. Reid shaken by u (k)nightly whiiL ' Messrs. M'Millan ami See well received. Dr. Alucqueen of Lismore, is shortly re moving to (irenfell. Mr. C. A. Coopor, editor of the SMtkinan, is at present on a visit to Sydney. Alderman Bland has been re-elected Mayor of Bcga for the eighth year in succession. Mr. John briilger well-known on the lower Clarence died suddenly nt Bingaru lust week. The tender of P. Farrellcy, Lismore, has been accepted for repairs to Ballina post office. During the past year this colony has grown the largest wheat crops of any Australian colony. , Mr. George Owens has been nppointeil wharfinger at Byron Bay jetty, out of a dozen applicants. . Mr. A. Kethel, M.L.C., delivered n lecture on 'Bobbie Bums' at Glen Innes last Thursday night. Mr. J. D. Bathgate, resident engineer for roads nt Bega, was last week married to Miss Rose Otton, of Bega. British warships ~ have prevented Greek steamers from landing powder and food iu Crete for tho Greek force. Mr. M. O'Connor, the celebrated Irish piper, has accepted the engagement for the sports ut Maclean ou St. Patriclt's Day. The Premier of Victoria decided that, in the face of difficulties, he will represent the colony at the record reign celebrations. The marriage is announced of M. W. C. Atkinson to Miss M. Warboys, which event took place at Kempsey on Thursday last. Tho Minister for 'Works has promised to allow the Govt, steamer Thetis to be used in connection with a trawling experiment on the coast. The Powers decline to take notice of the proclamation issued . by Colonel Vassos, announcing the annexation of Crete by Greece. ' .Mr. Barton says his inclusion in the Orange bunch was unsolicited by him. He hopes to receive suppoit from ull sections of the com munity. Sir George Turner, Premier of Victoria, concurs in Mr. Reid's suggestion to hold the first meeting of the Federal Convention on March 20th. At Goulbiirn, on Friday night, Mr. Thomas Marsden died suddenly oil his way home from n Federation meeting. Death was due to heart disease. The British Government will reward the San Francisco detectives who have been en gaged in the case, and who assisted in securing Butler's urrest. A vote of confidence in the Premier us a candidate for the Federal Convention was carried at a meeting in Sydnoy last week, by a large majority. The Premier has received a telegram from Sir John Forrest, stating that he is anxious to tee West Australia represented in the Federal Convention. The Government have decided not to accept -Mr. Joseph Mitchell's offer to manufacture steel nvils, being disinclined to guarantee interest on the coBt of the works. Mr. Reid says he is willing to accept the invitation to attend the celebration in honor of Her Majesty's record reigu, provided Parliament and the people wish him to do so. The Victorian Minister for Defence has declined to accede to the request to grant £2000 for the purpose of sending a team of riflemen to compete at Bisley (Eng.) in July next. The Rev. W. W. Rutledge says that the Cardinal's statement that he is going to crush out, once and for ull, ' this mil i-Cutholie bi gotry ' shows that he is seeking election as the head of the Catholic Church. By last Electra, two more fishing parties arrived. There are five boats now engaged in the industry here. The fish, which are said to be very plentiful at present, are shipped in ice, to the Sydney market-. — Port Macquarie New i. The strangest saloon in -the world is a tavern in Heudon. It- stands in the centre of an old churchyard, and ancient tombstones surround it. It is many hundred years old, anil is the only licensed beer saloon in the neighborhood of the grave yard. . Father Mennis anil A. F. Chapman appeared at Kempsey Quarter Sessions lost week, on a charge of assaulting the Rev. Penman. The jury were unable to agree, and the accused ana their witnesses were hound over to appear at the next court or when culled upoii. The ' egg-swallowing championship ' of Oregon is neld by a man in Dallas, who swallowed twenty-five row eggs in a few seconds under two minutes. The best previous record was made by a Portland crank, who took twelve minutes to swallow two dozen ,6gfo one seems to care a hang for Federation. If George Adams would ouly open a £100,000 sweep on tho event it might cause more in terest to he taken and opening odds of 10 to 1 the Cardinal, Crick, Norton, Bruce Smith, the Premier, Barton, Wise, McMillan, Carruthers, 'and Dr. Ronwick, 20 to 1 others. — Ex- change. A Victorian undertaker named C. T. Jones a few weeks ago arranged to have himself placed on the list of clergymen, und so qualified hiniself to read the burial service at the grave. Attention was drawn to the case, and it led the Acting Government Statistician to make an enquiry, with the result that Jones's legislation us a clergyman has been cancelled. No man denies that Cardinal Moran is a great and intellectual man — a cultured man, who would have made a fine statesman ; but he entered the Church, aud he should stay there. His entry into polities as a prominent figure has raised the old sectarian feeling very strongly, and has once more imported tlie ghosts of old world feuds aud old world hi- I gotries. — Raleiijh Sun. The Pope in iv speech to the Papal soldiers, on December 20th, referred to Ills longevity and good health. He related that two months ago a n un had come to him stating that she hail offered herself as a sacrifice to Goil in order that the Pontiff's life might be prolonged. She had lately died, aud he was strong and well, it thus being shown that God hud approved of tho arrangement. The Department of Charities in Now York has reported to the city Government that the number of paupers at the almshouse has in creased so rapidly during the past year that tho appropriation is not sufficient to main tain them. The increase is said to amount to as much as 25 per cent., anil some kind of city extension will be necessary to enable New York to keep lier self-supporting population on even terms with lier paupers. Thus a London paper : — A correspondent says Australia is a paradise for tramps, who, he says, comprise nearly one-quarter of the populution. The ' stations'' lieing so fur apart — twenty or thirty miles, or even more — the people have not tlie heart to send them adrift to the bush, to fjo hungry for the night, uml they are recogmscd as a necessary evil. The well-to-do farmers have usually a ?'travellers' hut,' and regular rations are served out to tho wayfitrers. When Tommy Walker was in his priino, he thus perorated at Newcastle : 'I hear tlie heavy truiul of the myriad multitude, and the rear of the cannon ; I see the flash of the sabre, tho guttci-3 running with gore, tho ground piled with corpses, ovory lamp-post a gibliet and Labor marching on to Victory.' When the cheering has subsided, n miner shouted out ' Good Boy, Tommy !' ' What did he say !' said his mate. ' Blanked if -I know said the enthusiast, ' But it was a bluuky fiiiu spaccli.' 