Chapter Y XXVI I T. — A Gsiu Fibesihil One night, when a whispering group of villagers were Bitting before the fire in the house-place of the Crown and Anchor, trying by companionship to give each other courage, there suddenly appeared in their midst the form and figure of Reuben Clegg. It was as if he had come through the wall. No one had heard him come throui?h the door, no one had seen him enter the room. They were too much engaged when he lifted the latch to take note of anything beyond their own fears. Their ranka were being gradually thinned by an enemy there was no grappling with. The Rector had failed to persuade his wife to seek shelter among friends beyond the grim pale of infection- Sbe was delicate, and the least attack might easily break her down. She would not leave her husband ; but submitted to the children beiog sent away to friend's in Yorkshire. Mompesson himself worked from morning till night, day by day, among the sick. He was seconded by his colleague, the inhibited Stanley. They gai'c the people both medicinal r.nd spiritual relief. Sir George Talbot wai foremost in providing necessaries for all whom he had time to visit. Mary Talbot went about with the burden of maternity. Vicars and the chief carpenter of the village were both dead. The Constable had lost his daughter. Mrs. Clegg seemed to live a charmed life, faeiog every danger with the faith of pure religion and the patience of a saint. God had saved her son, though stie had never seen him since the day when the law condemned bim to a cruel death, and He would preserve her as long as He had work for her to do. It waa Ute in November. The trees were bare. A few ragged rocks were colling to each other in protest agaiust the rain. Mom pessoa had prayed for the purifyinp, driving wind of heaveu. Instead, there hong over the doomed village a pall-like cloud. Reuben ClegB. gaunt of limb, with eyta sunk deep his last hMiag-pliLceconEciouBof some disaster happening to those who loved, though ignor ant of the nature of the trouble. It miglit well be that he would have no news of it, living, as he had done, from baud to mouth, avoiding towns and villages except at nigbt time. Continually in expectation of arrest be waa determined never to be taken alive. Outcast of God and man, in revolt against bis Maker, defiant of heaven and eatth, a victim as he felt, of botb, there wag still the love of a son burning in his heart for that dear grey litti.: woman in her cottage above the glen uherc that mysterious hand had reached out ot the dat lines* to slay Ziletto. He bad for the woman whu had chosen the man that betrayed her rather tliaa himself, who would have been her willing slave and laid down his ljfe freely to save her an aching finder. They were counting op the dead, this little group of men hitting over the November lire, and it was one Marshall Howe who named them, for he had buried, most of tliem, the regular grave-digger having succumbed to the disease ; and they shuddered as he enumerated them :— Jacob Vicars, Edward Cooper, Thomas Thorpe, Sarah Sydali, Mary Thorpe, Matthew Bonds, Elizabeth Thorpe, Margaret Bands Kichard Sydali, WiHiam Torre, Sytbe Torre, Alice Torre, William Torre, John-Sydall, Ellen Sydali, Martha Bands, Jonathan Bagge, Thomas Thorpe, Alice Sydali, John Stnbbs, Hugh Stubba, Ann Stubbs, Jonathan Cooper, Humphrey Hawks worth, and so on, the pathos of the list lying in the repetition of names, that indicated the sweeping away of entire families. ** Fill your glosses, men,' said Marshall Howe, folding up his list of the dead ; ** 'tis being down-hearted makes you sweat with fear ; 'tis best to sweat with drink. Come, Radford, hi there ! rTis my turn. Let us have another gallon of thy posset, man, and cheer thee V With all his well-acted geniality, Marshall Howe was hardly the raon to cheer the company. He smelt of death. It might well hare seemed that he carried the plague about in his clothes, for he buried folk straightway in their own, himself acting as undertaker and sexton. It was thought that a man re covering from an attack of the epidemic had immunity from further danger. Marshall Howe had fought the enemy and conquered, and he feared it no more. ' Get thee about thy business, Marshall,' said Radford ; ' we do not like thy office ; take thy whack of drink, and get thee gone. Thou art too noisy for us ; 'tis like blood money, the tees thou art faking, to say oowt about the clothes and goods of what thon callest thy clients.' ' Ha ! ha ! ha !' shouted Marshall, a giant of a man, with great hands and a broad dumpy face, thick heavy lips and limbs like unto a deformed Hercules. ' Come ou, then. Gi'e me my mug, and fill it to the brim ; as hot as blazes !' And every man thought he alone saw Senben Clegg standing by all the time, for they reckoned he was a ghost ; bat when Marshall Howe had Bcorched his capacious throat with the burning liquor and had passed out into the mnggy night, Reuben said. ' Neighbours, old friends, give me a drink — not out of his mug — I am starving; and tell me what has happened in the village.' It was Longstafie who rose up and took the speaker's hand, bnt Radford who spoke, saying, ' Dammit, Benben lad, I'm blamed if I didna' think it was thy ghost ! Welcome, lad, welcome !' And he filled him a mag of ale posset, with a dried apple on 4 he top, and called to his wife to bring the chine of beef and pat it on the table; for Radford, from the first, had argued that the best antidote to the Plague was beef and beer ; and when Mrs. Badford entered the room, she too ahook bands with Clegg, and said he had come to the City of Destruction, bat life web a poor business at best, and 'twould be hpM'«?r to die among friends than pprfah of hunger flying from an unjust law. ' Amen ! Amen ! ' said the half-dozen villagers, in the loudest tones they bad spoken for days, 'Amenl' 'Thank yon, Mn. Bedford, 'said Reuben, sitting down to his meat and eating raven onsly. When he bad somewhat appeased his appetite, be asked again what bad come over the village. They answered that it was the Plague ; and they spoke it as if it was a cry, and the very walls seemed to echo it. ' The Plague 1 the Plague!** Reuben shuddered, for he had read of the scourge in his books of Eastern travel, and he Bu^n him U1OC WAS UU U|gUU41fg UJU dlCUlJT with swords and pUtolF, nor combating it with prayer ; for the latter remedy had ever been tried nnavaQingly — at least, so he reckoned. 'The Plague!' he said, bis face blanching in spite of the warmth of his beaker of hot ale. ' The Plague ! And was it a lilt of the dead that yonder Riant, who has just left, was counting up ?' ' Ay, more's the pity,' said Radford. 'Thy mother,' said Mrs. Radford, 'is God's angel; she waits in the pestilence ' The dear old soul !' he exclaimed. ?* And the widow Ziletto — Sir George's daughter?' ' Tarn thy steps towards Manor House, and thou sbalt hear her bairn cry and moan that 'tis born into such a pitifnl world,' Bsid Mrs. Radford, ' Tis a day old, come eight o' the clock. ' Reuben did not reply to this, but asked for tobacco and sat him down with the rest, and said never a word until Longstafie rose lo ear good- night ; and even then not a man vectored to ask Clegg how he had come there, aud if he were not afeard of thus exposing himself to discovery, when in walked onTof the most dejected figures to be seen in all the village, Constable Dakin. Mrs Radford had lighted no candles, and the villagers preferred to sit in the ingle-nook, lighud only by the burning log*. It was a rare thing in the cottages to have any other light, except for the reading of a chapter in the Bible last thing. ' I've come to say good-bye, neighbours,' said the Constable, in a sepulchral voice. *' ^*ay, you'n said that too often, Dakin ! we'n tired of it.' ' It's the lsst rime, friend Loopstaffe. I'm mortal sick this night, I tell tbce-~mortal sick ; took as my daughter was,— God rest her !— I shall be a subject for Marshall Howe i' the morning, mek uo doubt of it ; and so I come to say Good-night.' Then there rose up in the fircliclit the gaunt figure of Reuben Olegg. Tlie^men in the ingle-nook made May tor him, that lie might face his enemy, aud the Cima'able stepped' back a. pace or two, not knowing what manner of man this might be who seemed to rise ont of the shadow and dominate the room. *' Thon wert always a liar, Humphrey Dakin, but this time, it may be, thou speakese the truth— so Good-night to thre and Good bye. Trust me, I will lend a band at thy ' burial!' ?? Reuben Clegg !' gasped Dikin. clutching the arm of the settle, where the other men had risen from their Beats. ' IVe dreamt o' thee iwery night since they took thee ont to hang thee. I« it thee, i' the flesh !' 'Ay, I'm Benben Clegg, thin and spare enough to be Benben Clegg'e shadow ; bnt I'm the man thon lied almost into bis grave, tbon blister of humanity, thon ? ' 'Nay,' said the Constable, feebly stretch ing ont a protesting hand, ' nay donnat curse me. Let me a-be. I shanna' trouble thee long, and, warrant or do warrant, I lay no more hands on thee. It was my hatred o' thee, fear likewise, tlm made me want thee out o* the road. Canst forgive me?' ' Forgive thee ! No, not if it would ease thee o' the torments of the hell thon believ'st id, wi' all its burning brimstone, thoa perjured villian I Get thee forth, and die !' The Constable fell prone before his enemy, as if he bad been struck a murderous blow. Several hands went to his assistance, and lifted him into the corner seat of the settle, and Longstaffe rebuked Clegg roundly. 'Twas thy overbearing temper and thy pride that was thy ruin, Benben Clegg. It ' was fairly said on the part o' the Constable ; he as good as confessed his wrong to thee, and asked thy forgiveness humbly — 'twas only a Christian thing to have said him nay civilly, without corses and words bitter as gall and murderous as a knife. Think better of it, Reuben.' ' Son talk of civility that have never felt the rack ; yon talk of forgiveness that bare never felt the sting of the brand of C*in, conscious all the time of your own own innocence. Think that over. Master Long staffe ; there is a leBsoo in it. I bear thee no nulji*, lad, nor Radford, nor any of you : I've often remembered you kindly ; but none of You have suffered as I have.' And he strode forth to the door, and no one stayed him. ' As h: lifted the iatch he turned, and, directing his voice to the comer where Dakin was reviving from the shock of his attack, he said: 'Goodnight, owd 'Wait a bit;' donnat wait any longer ; keep t&y; word for once. — Goodnight, Judas !' (TobeamtinuaL) 