LOCAL ATO &MSRAL; * ITEMS. Mb. Pbacook as a Pubsskan. — At a proas social given in Adelaide last week Mr Peacock, the genial Minister of Public Instruction for Victoria, told the following amuBing Btory aboub him aelf. Nothing (says a Vicborian writer) ? shall induce mn ro disclose the medium through whicli the story reached mo :— ' I think I can claim some sort ot connection with the wees, for I actud us Creaiviek correspondent for the Daily Telegraph, which subsequently expired, though chore is no connection between the t». o facts. A teiichor named Wollaston was fined £5 by tho Education department for preaching in his own schoolbulld iug on Sunday without having obtained the per misnion of the department. The newspaper in fitructad mo to interview the roeidenta of tho district and obtain their views. Iu«to&d; of doin^ so I ' did a fake' of about two columns in grand stvle strongly condemning tho action of tha department. I obtained a cheque for tho work, of which I waB very jproud. Some years paBSi-d, and I became Minister of Public Instruction, and Woliaaton appealed to ma against the decision of my predecessor, Baking for the romission of thu fine. In support of his appeal he submitted what he described as ' an admirable statement of the case by Mr. A, J. Poacock,1 being my contribution to the Daily Telegraph. Well, of ocureo I did not want to offend an intimate friend liki) A, J. Peacock— a mm whom I had known aud admired from his earliest youth— nor did I wish to lightly lvverao bo important a decision. So, assuming a judicial air, I said that Mr. Wollaston hud pre sented a nioab powerful statcmeut of his case, but the writer was an utterly irresponsible porson, who, if he were in my poaition, would probably tako quite a different view of the matter. I therefore upheld tho former decision. ?? You can now under stand why I feel so much at home amongst tho preeBmen gathered here to- night.' A Successful Student. — The Ta-manian News of a reoent date contains tho following : — Miss RvBline Benjamin, youngest daughter of Alderman Benjamin, has passed successfully the matriculation examination in St. Vincent's College, Sydney,: and has also passed 'the Trinity College Musical Exami nation, intermediate, wibh honours. Miss Benjamin, who has only been studying for the matriculation ex amination for nine months was formerly a pupil of Mies Keidy, ot Hobarb. Miss Benjamin will study at tbo Taamanian University for two . years, and will then proceed to London, her intention bain? to study for the mndical profession. — [Mi«s Ben jamin is a niece of Mr, Morris Benjamin, of Weet Maitland.] . ? Sbrious Aooidbnt and Plucky Bbsouh — An aooideut of a serious nabure happened at-Kothbury on Saturday afternoon. Ib appears- that a young son of Mr, Wright's and his sister were engaged in , bringing a oask of water upon a slide from the river, tho water being drawn up the riv-?r bank by tho aid of a horse. Young Wright was walking up the bank after the slide whon the cask broke away from It and rolled down the bank, jamming tho lad against a tree and injuring him severely. Ho after wards fell into the river, and would undoubtedly havo been drowned. had not his Bister,, who wit noBsed the. accident, pluokily jumped in and roBOued him. Dr. 'Walker, of Greta, was sent for, and attended to young Wright's injuries which,, wp are informed, are of a serious nature. . ?'. ' ' CoNt-matATioN iSnBvwH'AT East MArTiiANn.— YeBterday morning in S;- Peter's Church, .Bast Wait land, his Lordship tho Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, -Bishop of Newoasble, administered the /rite of con firmation to over sixty candldntoe,' : Thn cororaon'y is notable as being the last of its kind tho Bishop will tako part in before sailing to ( England to attend tho Lambeth Conference. The churoh was woll filled with people, Tha Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell and tho.Rev. Mr. Sbaphenaon wero proaent., and took partin tho Bervice. The.openinjr hymn was' Tho ohuroh's one', foundation,' aftur which; the Ven. Arohdeacon Tyrrell read appropriate por tions of scripture. He then took, up , tho first por tion of ' the order of confirmation. . The Bishop dolivored . an eloquent address to the candidates. ' He compared- them to a ship afloat on thn sean. They would enoountor shoals, reefs, and other, dangers, bnt with tho help of a pilot would be able to stoer clear.,. They had now reaohed yours when. they would meet those 'dangers ~t bub with tho help and grnoo of God's Spirit they would be enabled' to pass them all. Tho candidates then ratified tho promises made for them at baptism, and tbe hymn, 'Holy Ghost; my soul inspire,' was sung. The oandidatea,' who were1 all under tho ago of 21, thon advanced in turn, and the Bishop in the moat improasive'minuor reoited the uanal words. At'. tho conclusion tho nowly conflnned fang, ' O Jesus, I havo proinieed.' 'Thn Bishop dolivored a most eloquent and earnest addrosa afterwards. The servioe was oonoluded' with the hymn, ' Onward, Christian. soldiers.' In tho ovonjng the Kev. B. H. Phillips, of' Taroo, rosupiod the pulpib(l and his' remarks wero ohiofly direcbod to the young pooplo confirmed that day, nearly all of whom woro proBont. Qsv to BwaiJANi).— Mr, T. Ward loft Wor* Mnifc lind yoatorday afternoon, to anond a holiday In England, where bn will bo in timo to sen all tho functions in onnnootion with thoQunpn's record rolgn oelobratlons. Ho loft in the Ophlr to-day, on whioh veaael some GOO passongors worn booked, Meaara. Wllllama and Brady,, ot tho Singleton Lunoi-rR, pasaod through in tho train which carried Mr. Ward away, and they received a oheor whon leaving. Mra; and Miaa Aloorn, mother and daushtnr reappotively of Dr. B, G, Aloorn, alao loft to-day in tho Ophlr on a trip to England. Tnn Dnv WnATnnn,— In Bov.oral of bho ohurohoa in MiUfclaud yo*terday prayers wore offorod for rain; ... Tnu Wiubt MAiTLiND. Station.— Tho railway station afi Ohuroh-af^aofcr'.VVWQS'i Maitland, ia ;now being fenced round :.. proparatory, it is understood, to tho Introduction of a aystom by whioh tioketB';will ht required to ontor tho platform. Tho Isyafcem is also in force at Singleton on the northern line. At present ib is tho praotloo of a largo number of poraonn to visit the ahatlon, pnpeolally on Sunday afternnona. 'Rkoobd RuraN' on ' Judiluu.'— The London TiviBB has invented tho term Diamond Tublloo, ? ho 'dOBorlbo tho rejoiolngs upon tho oomplotlon by the Quoon , of sixty years' aovorolgnty. Tbo word jubllon has no.oo'nnootlnn with a term of fifty yoarH, \\\n ia commonly flupponod, but simply moans a time of refolding, That boing so tho phraso 'Diamond .Tublloo' mny bo allowod. Yot, for our part, wo profer, though it may havo a sporting flavour about) it, tho tnrm- '.' roonrd rdlgn,' Q, N, Building Society. — In another column will be found an advertisement calling together tbo mombers of this Society to a meeting to be held to morrow (Tuesday) evening at eight o'clock, to wind up under Rulo 100. Borrowers as well as investors should attend. ' Beyond Recall,?; — This is tbe title of a piece of song mu6io by Ernest P. Truman, to words by H. B, Bignold, The first verBO runs thUB — When once the Summer closes, Slay never aftermatli Walt scent of Autumn roses About the mother's pat)). Llle's Uiippy Vullcy ranging The elren-YoicfB call. One love's alone unolmnclng The love beyond recull. The rost of tbe song ia in the same tone of tender sentiment, and the music is suitable for a contralto voicR, It Iihb a waltz refrain. Public Sititvicn Board,— Mr. Barling, of this Board will leave Sydney next Sunday for tha pur pose of viaiting Tenterfiuld, Armidalo Tamwortb, and Gunne'dah. There are certain matters in con nection with the public offices in these towns which, the board haa promised Bhall be inquired into on the spot, and it is in pursuance of this promise that the visit will be made. Immediately on the com pletion of this work the board will visit tho Hunter River .district for tho purpose of dealing with matters in oonneabion with tho public offices there. The investigation relative to appeals of ofHuerp is now nearly completed by this board, and it is hoped that by tho end of this month the consider ation of nearly the whole, if not all, of tha appeals affecting officers of the various departments will have betm finished. Diueot Giving.— A fortnight ago, the Ruv.T. R. Regg, reotor of St. Paul's announced to.tho con gregation that tho Churchwardens' anticipated a deficiuncy of .£Gu on their accounts at Easter. To prevent that it was proposed that they should raise that sum as a special offertory on Sunday tho 4th April. Since the announcement, tho rev gentleman has made moving appeals to the parish ioners to make up- tbo amount. Ab an encourage ment he announced that he had already in band £20 towards the amount, Tho result of tho appeal wns that tho .£20 was increased to -E3G 2s 10 i, and tint a parishioner at onco promised to mako up to ?£40. which leaves onlv a third of the amount to mitro up, Tbo offertory on Sunday next ib was announced would be devoted to tho same object, A Maukkt rou Tomatoes. — A few days ago we published a communication from our London cor respondent (says the S. 11, Herald) in which he drew attention to the circumstance that, at the time of writing, consumers in London of the* tomato had to rely mootly- upon fruit of a very inferior quality, whioh oa£\o from the Canary Luanda, and, despite tho fast that it was so poor in quality that in Sydney it would be thrown away, ib realised as much as from 4a to 6s a case, and if, ho said, tomatoes of excellent quality wero available they would realise good values. . This was ono of the subjeots brought before tho Board of Exports at its meetings held on Wednes day, and with a view to testing the market in that regard it was decided tbat ab the commencement of next season a small experimental shipment of toma'oos should be sent hope. Incidentally it was mentioned that aB the fruit had to be carried ia cool Btorago the coat of freight — 3a 6d por case — . was so heavy that of necessity a good prioo would have to be realised to render the trade remunera tive. ?'.'??.?? .; ! Lawn Tennis.— On Saturday the , Technical College and Morpeth Clubs met on the latter's com t, when the WeBt Maitland ? play era won by 43 £ames to 23. The Boores were i- — Mies B. Oxley and H, Diminook v. Miss Finlav and Kelly, 0-ij same v Miss Murphy and Nesbitt, 6-2; Miss Short and Colman v MIbb Murphy and PortUB, 6-1; same v Mies Finlay and Kelly, 4-6 ; .Mies Edmunds and RedBbaw v Miss M. Hopkins and ? Hopkins, 3-Gj same v Miss Murphy aud NeBbitb, 6-2 j Mifls A. Coles and Holl ing's v Miss I. Murphy and Kelly, 0-8 ; Barae v Mias M. Hopkins and Hopkins, 6-2, Afternoon tea was nerved round, and in tho oven ing the payers and friends tvera entertained by Mr. J. Kelly, sohoolteaohor.— The Toohnioal College A team journeyed to Nowqastlo on Saturday and mot the Acaoias, bub darkcees prevented tho match from being finished. Waicisly's Cinematograph,— To-morrow night, ? as will be seen by advertisement, Mri Wakely opens for 'one night only 'at the MeohanlcB* Institute, East Maitland, Mr. Wakely gave the last of bis series of Cinematograph exhibitions at the Town Hall on Saturday night. The programme sub . inittfld waB as on previous nights highly appreciated by the audience. Bpfora concluding Mr. Wakely .according to announcamenfc gave a series of ,ini)obanical and oomio views for tne speolal benefit of tho ohildron, ' t ' , i; .''TnEi NewspApbb Pbbss Dirbotouy.' — Wo ba'voreooived from tbo publishers, 0, Mitchell and Co., London, a oopy of The Newspaper Proas Directory, -and Advertisers' G-nida for 1807. Tho directory contains full partioulnro of every news paper, magaalno, and periodical published in tho Uuitod Kingdom and the British IsIob, a nowr papor map of tho United Kingdom, particulars of Continental; American, Indian and Colonial papors, and a direotory of tho class papers and poriodioals. This is tho fifty-second annual isauo, and its special features aro— tho Law of Copyright and Libel, with ; special reference to rooont decisions affecting tho preae, Women's work on tho London and Provincial Press, Imperial Federation, Foreign Competition, Transvaal Nowspaper Law, Bibliography of tbe . British Periodical Press. 