FLotsani. Hs : 'Can I bring yon anything) MIbs Clara?' Sbe: 'Ob, yes; bring me somebody nloe to talk to I' The Hostess : ' I suppose tbere is no ose in asking you to stay to dinner?' The Caller : ' Not In that way. ' FbiBND: ''Does it pay to keep boarders ?' Boarding Mistress : ' It does if fhDDitA » ' He : ' Sbe looke nice enough to eat 1' Sbe (severely) : ' Tes ; plain food has its charms for some people.'' ' JAaLBTS:' Who Invented work, Bill?' Baglets : ' I doan know, but be ongbt to stayed and finished it.' ' DoBBY tells me thqt be oan carry Immense sums in bis bead.' ' Perhaps ao ; bnt be never carries them in bis pockets.' Little Johnny : ' What is yonr papa's business 1' Little Clarence : ' My papa Is a poet.' Little Jobnny : ' Hob 1 Tbat ain't a business— it's a disease.' ' WHY, Mr. Oounoillor, you are trying to open tbe front door witb yoar cigar 1' 'Really nowl— I wonder If— bio — I've been ebmoklng tbe latcb-key 1' Hotel Glbbk : ' Sir, tbe visitor in No. 35 complaloft that tbe room Is haunted.' Landlord : ' Indeed ? Then put down in bis bill, 'One ghost, 10 marks.' ' At the Concert. — Her admirer (rap turoasly) : ' isn't it grand? Sbe plays entirely by ear.' Baobelor (bored) : 'Sbe muBt be very dear.' Gwendolen : ' In oase of war between France and Germany, wbiob side woold you be on?' GubbIb': 'Aw, I weally believe Isbould pwefer .to be en tbis side.' 'Did yon notioe how tbe audience Barnstormer. 'YeB. Tbey knew you still lived,' answered bis rival, Ham fetter. ' Well, eood-bye, dear Mrs. (Jlbba ; I'm afraid I've-put yoo out by oalling at this unearthly hour.' 'Ob, I bope I didn't ebow It.' ' What do you admire most in my new dress?' she asked of those wbo were pralBing it. 'Just what's in It now,' answered tbe veteran beau of forty gBy seasons. Calleb (looking at picture) : ' Does your mamma paint ?' Little Son : \- Yes ; but she's finished that an' Is put 'in' on tbe Dowder now. She'll be down fD a minute.' Nephew : ' Do you know, uncle, I dreamt last night you had lent me ten d'llare!' Unole (generously) la tbat « ? Ab.l well, you may keep them, Oto.' Manager : ' Where's tbe living -feeleton, Joe? It's bia tain to go on;' Tbe General Utility Boy : ' He's went »n' slipped while he was a waBbing blB i ends, and went down tb' waste-pipe.' Superior Offices : ' You are accused in sleeping on yonr watob.' Sentinel : ' Impossible, sir.' ' Impossible ! Wbat «'o yon mean?' 'My watch has been at tbe pawnbroker's for six montba.' Papa's Pbaotioai. Mind.—' He told ' e, papa, tbat bis sole aim in life would h*- to make me bappy.' ' Wbo tbe dlobeos ia going to earn tbe living, tben ?' Bnorted tbe old gentleman. Lady (greatly excited) : '? Ob, doctor, may do oome at onoe to our booBe !' Dootor : ' Yes, direotly. Wbo ie eo dan gFroUBly ill ?' Lady : ' I am ! But, as I bad no one to send, I came myself to tell you!' Aunt Mabie : ' I think yon and Mr. Mann ought to get along nioely together. You know you botb like tbe same people.' Matilda : 'Yes, and wbat ie better, we bBte tbe eame people. Just think wbat nioe long talks we eball have together.' 'How do yoo write all those funny things?' asked tbe Sweet Young Thing. ' Witb a typewriter,' eaid tbe Modern Homourist. 'Obi I didn't know but wbat yoo mlgbt use some sort of copying proceaB.'' They were all startled to bear that tbe cashier bad bolted wltb at least £3,000. '8noh s nioe fellow.' said Mie. Polly love, ' and such a pleasant appearance.' 'And snob u unpleasant dlsappear nnce 1' replied ber grumpy epouBe. A FbeNOH lady, of very elegant figure, was recently asked why ebe always bad i such enormously stout servants. Her answer wbb characteristic ' To pre [ vent tbem wearing my clothes wben I am away from home.' BOILDER : ' Yon fix the cost at £10,000, wbloh Is a very satisfactory figure, but : you do not eeem to lnolude labour and material in your estimate/' Arobiteot : ' Ob, tbey will be extras, of course.' Tomkyss : 'I've bsen for a ride In a horseless carriage.' RobBon : ' Really ? Where did yon go? Whose carriage was It?' Tomkyns : 'From Victoria to Cbaring Cross on the Underground Rail way I' Ah editor, wbo Is evidently a family man, sagely remarks tbat a boy who will yell like a Tartar if a drop of water fall 00 bis sbJrt collar wben bia neck Ib being washed, will orawl tbrougb a sewer after a ball and think nothing of It. Mother ^ 'Charlie, you said you'd t een to Sunday-school ?' Charlie (wltb a far-away look): 'Yes'm.' Mother: ' How does It happen tbat your hands unell fishy?' Charlie: 'I— I carried home tb' bunday-aohool paper, an'— an' tb' ontslde page is all about Jonah an* th' wbale.' Old Ge ntleman (to railway porter): ' Porter, t he rain Is dripping In from tbe iamp-bole all over my^ trousers.' ' Porter : (reaesurlnigly) : ' No, sir. It's quite water tight, I assure you. It's only tbe oil It-aking a ibit.'' A man In Lime Street, Liverpool, while orovtlng the street, held his band up to an approaching tram-driver. Tbe tram stopped. Tbe man struck a match on tbe slds to light blB pipe, and tben tola tbe drfver to drt've oo. The less said about tbe driver's language tbs better. Wife: 'I suppose tbere will be a crowd at onr silver wadding next week, nnd it might not be a bad idea to have a policeman in the bouse.' Husband : ' No, my dear. It would never do to h ave a copper at a all ve r wedding.' ' What makes Blank so near- sighted lately ? He don't eeem to know a fellow wben be meets biro.' ' His fatbor has jnet died.' ' Well, Inever thought grief for the governor would affect bis' eye sight.' 'It doesn't. Bfct he's oome In for all tbe governor's money.' Flobilik*!— koi;*BB TkmtB ixdBbuxb^ A few drops ot the liquid ' Tidriliae' sprioklea , oo a tooth-brash produertaa pleasant lather, 1 whioh thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites oc imparities, harden? the goma, pre vents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peonliar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragraooe to the 'breath. If removes all un pleasant odour arising from deoayea teeth^or tobacco k iooke. ' The Fragrant JI online,' being composed! io pairts of Honey and swset herbs, is deiioioua to th a taste, and the greatest toilet diaoorer;/ oi tbe sge. Price : Si. 84, of sll Ohemitlj and lperfomers. Wholesale aepw W, ParriMdonltoad, London, Hngtaiwi 