I' FIlRE SIAU NEEIC MIlER. [BY JAtES O'DoNocGHuE.] CHAPTEit I.-(CosrT?czo). Thie wind howled witri more delorous and doeful cadence than heretofore, amid the l?neysucKle tangle that invested the rough, -lab exterior of Jack Pigett's sh inty, an-i caused the jin:gling doors and windows to strain with greater impetuosity at their primitive fastening*. During a blast of more than ordinary violance the door of the shanty flew open, admitting a torrent of srow and a gust of cold air, that caused those assembled within the room, to gather more closely round the cheerful log fire. that crackled in the capacious fireplace. On the o;,enirg of the door, the dependent kerosene lamp. in the centre of the oblong room. was extinguished by the flapping of the canvas termiui the ceiling of the apartment, so tiat the portion of the room adjacent the doorwav was shiroudal in darkness. Game ! ejaculated Jack Pigott as lie dashed down the ace of hearts on the rough plank table, round which several winners were seated playing "forty fives." and rose with an imnpreca tion to ascertain the case of the opening of the door. Before he could leave hi: seat, however, the door was heard to elamb and immediately afterwards a tall young fellow,. enveloped in a long pilot cast, emerged from the darkness into the circle of light cast by the fire. It was patent to ail that the stranger had travelled far and fast. His coat was encrusted with mud. as were his long riding boots, the latter so much so, that the spurs, which graced their heels, were scarce visible. Streams of water dribbled from his slouched felt hat and ran down his great coat to the earthen floor. "' A merry Xmas to you comr.ades," obs. rved the stran-er, as he removed his saturated outer garment, and hung it on one of the many pegs that pro jected front the walls of the shanty. "'Same to you mate," gruffly rejoined Pigott resumitnd iis seat and shuffling the cards prior to dealing them for the next round. " You are, I presume, proprietor at this crib?" queried the stranger turning towards Pigott. A gruff request to the man on his right to "cut," and a compre hensive nod to the new comer was the only reply Jack deigned to give. " Did Dick Rousley call here." continued the traveller in no wise da+rted at the others want of courtesy. "Are you Bill Corbett 1" queried Jack by wayof an answer. " I am that individual." "Wel, ! drawled Pigott. as lie slowly dealt first two and then three cards to his antagonist and himself, Dick Rouuley called herT this morning amt left word for you to. riman till he returned. Ite had to go to Talboivilie ,o btz. So sit down and warm yourself. He will be here shortly." You " mapoke," continued the shanty keeper turning to a long limbed, owlish looking youth ensconced beside the fire, gn and stable Corbttt's horse. and give othere a show to approach the fireplace. CHAPTER II. BILL BECOMES ACQUAINTED WITH THE HIS TORY or THE BAUNTED I INE, AID RE SOLVES TO LAY THE GHOSTS. About an hour after the events in the toragoitnE chapter occurring, a buggy, in which Bill Corbett antd his friend were seated, splashed across a ford in the Darge, and boe led away across the snow invested country in the direction of Mount Birregum. And do you consider the stories about the ghostly visitants of the drives, deserving of notice ? queried Bill as his friend concluded a succinct re capitulation of the history of the Wombat mine, whose gruesome legends the in terromator had become conversant with, ere he had sojourned twenty minutes in Jack Pigott's shanty. No ! replied Dick Rousley ; but I am of opinion there is something within the old workings that gives rise to such morbid fancies. Ha I ha I ha ! laughed Brll, we are beco~misn superstitions. N* I I am but deducing my own illitation from personal obser ratios. I arrived at the entrance of the main tutnnel shortly alter the search party entering in quest of O'Rafferty. I saw them rush out with terror depicted oi every lineament of their features, and nervous excitemont pervading their frames. Moreover. I saw Elderige emerge from the tunnel withhnumanhair, which I rcognised as O'Rafforty's, adhering to his tattered garments. It is ialpable. therefore, that -"Thlat Elderiie embraced the osseous renmains of O'Rafferty, and all the members of the s:erch party soaw some thing or thinig. t istweeyn reality and a vieson." interrotted Bill as he beat the devils tattoo on thoe dioor of the buggry with his heels. Precisely ! rejoined Dick Rtousley. rmakinl a vicious cut at a wombat, that had been rolled over and over in the snow by a stunnini blow from the hub of theofffore wheel. What a glorious opportunity ! I would not miss it for a kin's ransom ! exclaimed the mercurial Bill. To-morrow ! Xmas night-weather permitting-at the witching hour of twelve, I will hie me to the dank, stralnenctous drives in yon moutt, and sarricipate in the primitive game of "leap frog" with the ghouls that hold court threiii. Wilt thither with me Dick ? No thanks ! 1 have no desire to end my last moments on tlis earth within the gloomy precints of the Wombat mine What lethlforous ansents will tend to snuff your mortal spark if you venture thither 1 Starvation and terror, laconically rejoined Dick. Pooi ! retorted Bill. the former ogentl canl be easi y overcome. We can begin ,our quest after dinner and return before supper, then there will be no fear of starvat:,n. As to latter, itarisos from tihe appearance of the ghosts or ghouls. which can ba accounted for in lmuch the same manimner as table turning-this is, as you are aware, brought about by expectant attention. One-to adopt an enigmatical term, sees what he expects to see. The mind brings about the denouement, which is usually, i: such instances, the flight and terror oi the beholder. ly meao;nig is atnparon:ly inperspicuous observed Dick on Corbett concluding his remarks Wh it I intended to convey, when I said -,arva tion and terror, was that O'Rafferty entered the mine nith the object of ex ploring its workings, and returning in a few hours. Fate willed otherwise, and it is palpable to infer, he died a miserable death of starvation and terror in those gloomy vaults that had excited his curisity. Were you or 1 to venture on the same errend, we would undoubtedly snare tis fate. There need be nt, fear en that secre said Bill. When 1 enter the mine to-morrow night I will not trust, as did O'Rafferty, to candles or arcaduran clews to guide me through its Cortoan labyrinths. You will base your trust in an oil lamp and a compass I observed Dick. Precisely ! was the succinct rejoinder. Then you are determin-d to venture into the mine ? Yes ! whether you accompany mie or not. I wish my courage was equal to yours when the supernatural is con cerned; but, as you know, my belief in tie existence of supernatural .boings is firm since ily adventure in - . For heavens cake, Dick, if you love me, spare ome the itmmtunity of a recapitulation of that adventure, which was a practical joke, pure and simple. 'The indicgunant disclaiuser that roeo to Dick's lips was strantgled in its inception by hims, for wlhom it was Intended, leaping from tile buggy to the ground andi thence to the verandah of the house, which they had, woilst talking, approached. CHAPTER III. THE REV. JOSEPH COOK'S COURAGE IS NOT EQUAL TO THE VENTUKE ANI) BILL PER FORiCE STARTS ON HIS GHOSTLY LYDAGA TION ALONE. Contrary to Dick Ro:sley's expectations, his friend's determination to visit the drives within Mount Birregum, was argumented rather than assuaged by a night's repose. No amtount of reasoning could dissuade the ever pervicacious Bill from his purpose. Some irresistible impulse that might arise from curiosity or bravado, urged him to fathom the cause occasioning the presence of those mysterious phantoms, that, he now felt sure. had been seen in the Wombat mine. His friend's decided refusal to accompany him on his ghostly indagation, did not disconcert him in the lea<t; but served rather to stimulate his exertions to ever come the conteuding influences, that militated the consummation of his intentions. It Mould secm that Bill Corbett's pertinacious perseverance was to be rewarded, when, at dinner. the Rev. Joseph Cook -- incumbent of Saint \--'s Church, Grant. after listening attentively to the conversatios of the haunted mine, signified his intention of accompanying Bill onll isquest. "Verily. I believe, he said at the end of a long oration, as lie glanced at a witching female form opposite where he sat, whose grave attention to the conversation bespoke a lively interest therein-that the phantams the miners sav were but things of their own morbid imagination." "I beg to differ, parson," observed Dick. " I am assured, front enquiries made, that there exists within the old workings of the Wombat mine, something, hiving or inanimate, natural o" sureematural, which gives rise to the miners consternation." Perhaps it may have been the sumptuous viands he hal ingurgitated, or the desire to pose as a hero in the eyes of Mrs Rousley's sister Mona, that caused the Rev. Josetih's valiancy. Certain it was, that Bill's expressed convc tion that spirits, or something iu their shape, disported in the subterranean passages of the Wotmbat mine, caused a reaction in tile pastor's courage, and a splitting headache, which incaspacitated htm from active bodily pursuits. Totally disgusted with the chicke-.heartedness of the Rev. Joseph and his flimsy excuse, Bill sought no further for a companion to accompany him on hIis voyage of discovery. Indeed. if he had thlought of the means before, which he now intended to put into practice, and by which he could convince the most incredulous, that he had you tured into the mice, he would niever have sought the companionshin of any person. His idea though gruesome, would, nevor theless, be convincing if put into effect-it being his intentisn of possessing himself, if possible. of some part of the ill-fated O'Rafferty anatomy as a symbol that he hId orlored the haunted mine. After ca.efully filling a bull's eye lamp with lucca oil and providitg himself with matches. a compass and a rude chart of the undergrolund workings that had ilent drawn for himby ati iold nilner, whoi had worked in the mitlt front the incep tiol to the termination of the Wombat Company's term of tenure, he bade his friends good- bye and started at 10.30 p.m. on his self-imposed task. CHAPTER IV. BILL BBOGLNS HIS INI)IGATIoN AND MEETS WITH A " SPOOK.t" It was a fine cloudless night. -The gibbous moon, that hutg low in the western heavens gave forth a weird re fulgence, and caused the forest trees to cast elongated shadows on the stow. The excessive quiet that prevailed, was broken at times by the uluation of the dingo, the.gutteral cry of th?eflving phlatiger or the cuckoo like cal s of the Boo boeok owls, coscrated in the hazel anid sweet smelling knolls environiag Mount Birr.-gum, whose musk trees grow ing ot the slopes of the huge buit invested with snow clad trees and undergrowth, reared itself, in savago grandeur, high above the surrounding valleys and ranstes. The turlinc of the water of the little rivulet ever the shiltle, in the gloomy recesses of a ravine rartook, seemingly, more of tile sound emanating from a gentle zephyr sighitlg among the foliage of the trees, thian in did of running water. All else was oppressively quiet, so thought Btil CorbeSt, as withlong, hasty strides he poursuedhis way towards Mount Bicregute. Hump I observed he, as a large owl brushed pas. him, things are net con ducive to strengthen one's courage to. night, seemingly. Pasing for a momdnt he viewed the flight of that ill-omened bird, and then resumed his walk. Seventy five minutes after leaving his friends house he stood at the yawning tunnels mouth, and gazed undismayed into its hglromy depths. Lighting the bull's eye lamp he saw by its gleom that the hands of his watch indicated 11.45 p.m. After glancing at the rude chart of the workings, whose acquaintance he was about to make, he partially shaded the lamp and boldly entered the tunnel. When: he had pro ceeded some little distance along the tunnel, a drive sas discovered on the right. Halting before this Bill tore a leaf from his pocket book, and after fastening is firmly to an upright near the entrance, quitted the main passage to explore the drire. The course of the drive was un obstructed by timbering, owing to its sides and root being composed of mica schist, which rendered supports unnoces sary. .The rock glistened and scintillated brilliantly, as the rays of the lamnp fell un Di the innumetrable miniut flakes of mica, that formed its chief cemponent. Here antd there large cracks or fissures traversed the rock. These afforded sacur. hiding places to the numerous bats and owls, that, disturbed by the lamps glare, flitted with weird and strange cries round the head of the nnc-oncher. Felle!oing the drive farsomtn little distance Bill found by his compass that he was travelhnlt in a circle. Whet enterine the main tunnel he noted, that 't ran due North and South, and sn enter Sng the drive, the magnetic needle indi cated a North West direction, which soon changed to due North, and then veered rouni to East, South hEast, and South. As the needle indicated the point op posite the North, Bill funtd himself in the main tunnel stome few feet from the drive wvhih he had entereed.,. The paper revealed this fact, which siight otherwise, from tile sat;nness of she pas sages, have been overlooked. The chtart indicated that a rude oval excavation had been made, antd that midway between the entrance and exit another drive, erescent shaped, traversed the oval, and emerging from iss minor axis, entered a tunnel run ning in a South by West direction forover a mile. This drive proved to be damper than anty rof the others Bill had traversed. T-ere and there salactitic cones of ice hr g from the roof attd scintillated like diamonds. The slightest crntect with these prudeint icicies caused thelm to separate from the vitreous like roof, and to cra.h on the floor of tihe drive with ia metallic jingle. Whilst proceeding hastily forward, Bill was considerably startled on beholding a refulgent phantom depictedr inomentary in the gloom ahead, and then sanish. " Foly Jobe !" ejaculated the as tonished ghost seeker coming to a nause and totally exposing the lames dice, "there's one of tile ghouls I" 'Eh! Where the devil did it get to ?" At this instant a slight sound caused ilim to turn sharply in the direction whence it came. With a cry of ourprise he started back, incredulity and astonish'tmnt portrayed in his mein. In the centre of the drive, he had so lately traversed, stood a phantom similar to that he 1had just teen before him. (To as COstntnED.) 