FOOLING A TIGEtR. By CHARLES B. LEWIS. We had our camp on the out-skirts of a town called Jajur, in the province of Bengal, India, and had beaten up the country until game had become scarce. W\e hsd decided to move to a spot about 0o miles away, but were waiting for let ters from Burwa, when Captain Holt suggested a trip toan old ruin five miles off. I seemed to be the only one who cared to go, and at so o'clock in the forenoon we set off on horseback, with a native guide running in advance. We had been in camp for twelve days and during that time killed a man-eating tiger, the only one, so the native de clared, which had been heard of in the locality for several months. We went well armed, however, because there were wolves and hyenas about, and because of the roving band of robbers, but we had no idea of meeting a tiger. When we came to the ruins, the horses were left in charge of the guide and for an hour or more the captain and I kept together as we prowled about. It was not the ruins of a temple, but the acres and acres of blocks and stone proved that a good sized town once flourished there. By and bye we came to a grassy open spot, which was also well shaded, and after a smoke the captain got up to stroll about. I had given my ancle a twist and decided to remain there until he had inspected som= standing walls which could be seen over the tops of the bushes. You may think it queer that one should fall asleep in such a place, where danger menaced on every hand, but that's just what I did. I was tired and warm, and, the day was hot and the shade so grateful that as I lay at full length, with my head resting on a block of stone, I went off in dreamland. One reason for it was because the captain had said that he would not be gone long and as long as he was tramping about there could be but little danger to me. About the last thing I heard was a neigh from one of the horses. That was com pany and helped to lull me into a feeling of security. The captain, as I may tell you here, not only went much further than he in tended to, but got lost in the thickets and was two hours finding his way back to the horses. He might have been gone from me 15 minutes, when I fell Iasleep. One only naps under such circumstances, and I may not have slept over to to 15 minutes, when I was aroused by what seemed to be the purr ing of a cat, only the sound was much louder. I had never heard the purr of a tiger or panther, but I realised in an instant that one or the other had come creeping upon me as I slept. I was ly ing partly on my left side, facing the west, and the beast had crept up behind me. The first thing one learns in the jungles of India, the forests of Africa or on the plains of the west is to 'wake up carefully'-that is to open your eyes, realise that you are awake, and lie there for two or three minutes and wonder if centipede or serpent is sharing your blanket or some wild beasts watching for first movement to spring. I opened my e)es, but did not move a finger. The beast put his nose on my shoulder and snuffed at my face, and the long whiskerson his muzzle tickled my cheek but I did not move. Had I raised hand or foot the beast would have seized me by the neckat once. He had found me dead, as he believed, and he was inclined to investigate. Unless the tiger or panther or lion is routed out of his liar in the daytime he is sleepy and good natured. He has a hearty feed, his thirst does not come on till evening, and if alarmed by any unusual sounds he is more curious than resentful. This beast, as we afterwards ascertained, had his lair in a thicket and not 5o feet from where I was lying. He had heard our voices, got the scent of our cigars and in due time had crept out to investigate. Had the Captain continued with me smoking and talking, the visitor would have probably re mained concealed. After half a minute a paw was placed on my shoulder and I was turned on the broad of my back. Through mnv. e; winkers I got sight of a p-ind saw that I was in t nes of a tiger. io the moment I was rejoiced. A panther hasn't the good nature of a tiger and is also more treacherous. A tiger will starve before he will feed on any thing which he has not killed with his own paw, while a hungry panther will grab at anything which comes in his way. Between the two the choice was with the tiger, and I really felt quite elated over my luck. When I had been turned on my back. the tiger sat down like a dog and purred like the great cat that he was. I had on a hunting jacket with silver buttons. They seemed to be objects of curiosity to him, for he touched the six of them in succession and slightly pulled at each one with his paw. Aided by the power of his spring, that paw would knock down a bullock, but it passed over me so softly that I was tempted to believe it the hand of a robber. My shako was lying on the stone above my head. The tiger pulled it down and began to play with it, as you have seen a puppy play with a glove or rag. He strnuck it with his right paw1: then with his left, then jumped after it and seized it in his teeth and gave it a toss in the air. While he was thus engaged I got several good peeps at him. He was not a man-eater, but a full grown tiger and so sleek and slick that when a ray of sunshine played over him he shone like sill:. His fangs were long, snowy white, and sharp as needles, and I took notice of his clean feet and beautiful claws. He played with the shako for at least to minutes and then sat up and yawned and returned to me. My arms were lying at full length on each side, and there was a rag tied around the little finger of the right hand. It had been bitten by a poisonous insect the day before, and one of the natives had crushed some leaves amid bound it up. The rag attracted the tiger's attention, and he lay down and began to lick at it. His rough tongue accomplished the work of a man's finger's. In 30 seconds he had the rag off, and when hIis tongue struck the bare flesh, which was yet rare, it hurt as much as if a file had been drawn across, It was all I could do to hold myself, and fortunately for me the beast did not fancy the taste of the poultice and so turned his attention elsewrhere. I had oi a long silk necktie, with flowing ends, and he now seized the end nearest him, and bit and pulled at it and finally tore away several inches. His breath came full in my face, and I nay tell you that you need have no curiosity about a tiger's breath. He doesn't use anything to sweeten it, and a soap factory and slaughter house combined would smell sweet compared to it. His fangs were within a few inches of my exposed throat as he worked away, and it was worse than bearing the pain of a gunshot wound. By and bye the spur on my boot heel attracted his attention. It was of brass and quite new and reflected the rays of the sun filtering down through the branches above us. He licked at the metal and hurt his tongue on the rowel. He drew back with a low growl and for a minute or two seemed to be cogitating. Then he began lihcking at and biting the strap, which was also new and full of oil, and in a minute he had the spur off my boot. He lay down and chewed at the strap, as if he liked the taste, but after a time flung it aside and rolled over on his back, with his paws i.' the air, and worked his body about on the grass as if bothered with fleas. The tiger was rolling and purring, when one of the horses neighed. I was watching through half-closed lids, and the move he madeastounded me. He turned like a flash and bounded six feet into the air to come down on his feet, head to the horses, and for two minutes he stood there watching and sniffing and growling. His tail was held straight out, his ears laid back, and one paw was held about six inches from the ground, as if ready to strike. Had the captain or groom come up just then he would have surely been attacked. As the sound was not repeated, the tiger finally wheeled around to me, being not over five feet away, and lay down with his head on his paws and kept his eyes on my face. Even when one sleeps s'undly he must draw a long breath now and then. If wounded or in peril, the desire to ex pel all the air from the lungs and take in a fresh supply becomes stronger than I can describe. Under ordinary cir cumstances it is simply the natural workings of the lungs, but when the emotions are aroused a long drawn breath seems to relieve the strain on strain on the mental and physical system. I dared not clinch my fingers nor shut my teeth hard, which would have acted as a brace so to speak, and it seemed as if I must suffocate for the want of air. With the glaring eyes of that tiger on me, the slightest move of a finger or the heave of my chest would have resulted in a spring and a stroke from his paw. It was no credit to me that I kept cool and held myself together. Life was at stake, and I figured that after a bit the big cat would satisfy his curiosity and return to his lair. It may have been to minutes that he kept his eyes on me. He had ceased to pur when the horse neighed. I was glad enough when the sound recommenced, even though it brought the tiger over for another inspection. This time he put a paw on my breast and turned me on my face with a pull and a twist. I knew what was coming and did not resist in the slightest. When I was over, the beast sniffed at the back of my head and then ran his nose down to my ankle. One leg of my trousers had pulled up, leaving my ankle bare, and he gave the flesh a couple of licks with his tongue which made the tears start. The taste didn't tickle his palate, fortunately for me, and he began playing with me again. Once, as he pawed at my breast, a claw caught in mny jacket, and cut the cloth as if it had been a knife, but that was an accident. Once, too, he stood with a paw on the palm of my right hand, but his claws were sheathed, and the paw felt as soft as a cat's. I think the tiger rolled me over a dozen times, and he must have leaped over me double that number, and he appeared to get a great deal of amuse ment out of it. He finally fastened his teeth in the seather belt around my waist and lifted me clear of the ground, as easily as a man might lift to pounds. If I had not believed that he looked up me as dead, and if I had n9bdden told over and over aga_?.-jjfat a tiger would never tQu ý;Nuame that he had not killd?C should have concluded that Seas going to carry me to his lair. I had a revolver in my belt, and as my right hand fell down it rested on the butt of the weapon. I might have killed the beast, or a sudden shot might have frightened him off, but it was hardly a chance in a hundred. Perhaps he he held me up to see if there was any l:fe in me and was hoping I would makea move. At any rate, after swing ing me pendulum fashion for 5o or 60 seconds, he laid me down as carefully as you please, gnawed the belt in two and pulled it off, and carrying one end in his mouth he frolicked away, and I saw him no more. I lay there about t3 minutes, think ing he had only gone a few feet away to watch me, but hearing nothing further of him I got up and tiptoed away and soon reached the groom and the horses. I never felt stronger than when I walked up to the groom and asked for the captain. The man looked at me with wide open eyes for a minute, and then gasped out : 'For heaven's sake, salib, what has happened ? Your face Is whiter than the dead.' ' Nothing has happened,' I replied, and then fainted dead away and gave the poor fellow a quarter of an hour's hard work to bring me to. When the captain came and I told him of the tiger, he sent the groom away at once for the rest of our party and a gangof beaters. Two hours later we had formed a sort of cordon around the thicket and sent in the beaters. At the first uproar the tiger charged out with a roar and killed a native with one blow of the paw which had treated me so gently. Three minutes later he wheeled and charged in the other direction, and though he received a bullet from two different men he sprang upon Lieutenant WVest of the Eighth Bengal artillery, seized him by the throat and carried him 300 feet before falling dead. The officer was dead long before the tiger gave up thei ghost. One of the bullets had cut the tiger's heart, and yet he bounded away with a man weighing o70 pounds in his jaws as if only scratched. At peace with the world he was a playful kitten. Attacked in his lair he became a deinon anid wreaked bloody revenge. 