RECENT PUBLICATIONS. BY. a Hair's Breadth,' by Hea don Hill (Cassell's Colonial Library). — This is a story ot £* , the visit of the pre -?m sent Czar of Russia Hj£ . to the French ca \W pital. The interest f.'n is mainly associa | j I ted with the fru» isjjft tration of a plot de *K\ vised by Nihilists *'if'\ for the assassioCi 3f1\ tion of Nicholas Ij jjfn and the Czarina, J r5f A tne conspirator be yLsKfcJ ing outwitted by if the ingenuity of an 71 Englishman. Some if\ exciting situations b^' are described {n the course- of the nar rative. 'Rogues of the Fiery Cross,' by S. ? Walkey (Cassell's Colonial Library). V — Desperate adven ts tures follow one another fast and funously in 'The Rogues of the Fiery Cross.' The rogues in question are a band of pirates, who have their lair in a tropic isle, their leader being a Frenchman of noble family, «who, for some reason which is not rendered particularly intelligible, has declared war on society. How very terrible a person this pirate chieftain is may be understood from a brief reference to the scene in which he makes his final exit. He seizes a goblet, which apparently he had kept conveniently by him for such a purpose, and filling it up with the blood which is flowing from his death wound, drinks to his conqueror before giving up the ghost.' We have received from Mr. A. Lindsay, book seller and stationer, of Pitt-street, a copy of the 'Sunlight Tear Book' for 1898, which now enters upon the fourth year of its publication. In this issue many new features have been introduced, inclusive o£ information on universal history, geo graphy, architecture, and commerce. Among other subjects dealt with in the concise way ap propriate to such a publication are literature, fine arts, science, agriculture, sports, pastimes, and medicines, together with a variety of matters per taining to the household. The book has a num ber of diagrams and illustrations, and it has a short story specially written for it by Dr. Conan Doyle. 'The Australian Medical Gazette' for Novem ber has a long editorial article on 'Irregular Medi cal Practice in New South Wales.' It calls at tention to the gross abuses which are practised on the public by impudent pretender^ to the heal ing art. The assumption of knowledge on the part of such impostors is, it hints, usually the more extravagant in proportion to their ignorance. The necessity for some legislation which would prevent people from assuming medical titles to which they, have no right, and which would make aii unmis takable distinction between a legally qualified man. and a mere quack, is strongly insisted upon. Of course, if credulous people are willing to pin their faith on men who take to the practice of medi cine -without ever having received any proper, training for it, that may be considered as chiefly their own business. Indeed, to attempt to rea son them out of such folly is usually labor in. vain. Thus the quack thrives. New South Wales unfortunately gives him special opportunities. Under any legislation which is likely to be en forced he will probably be always in the land. But certainly the suggested reform might at any rate go the length of prohibiting adventurers at the kind from masquerading In the character ot authentic doctors. From the trustees of the Adelaide Museum two pamphlets have reached us. One deals with the Atoll of Funafuti in the Ellice Group, and is de scriptive of its zoology, botany ethnology, and geceral structure, the account being based on col lections made by Mr. Charles- Hedley. The other pamphlet is No. 3 of the Records of the Australian Museum. We have received the Christmas number of the 'New Zealand Graphic,' which is well illustrated, and which is accompanied by a pictorial map of the North Island. 'The Australian Photographic Review' for No vember ie to hand. Besides otiher interesting con tributions to tihe number there are articles on process work — photography in natural ' colors, the printing processes of the ^future, and the so-called color photography. 'Seeing Him Through,' by Nat Gould: George Routledge and Sons, London, 1897:— Air. Gould has given another sporting novel, the scenes of whacii, like those of many of ihs predecessors, are laid in Australia. It opens in Tattersall'e Club, Syd ney. There is a sensational flavor in the story imparted by the introduction of a criminal trial, in ' which an innocent girl is placed in the dock; and there are many stirring incidents in connection with the exciting chances ot the turf. 