A LEGEND OF PRAGUE. T ONFELLOW'S poem, "The Beleagurad City," tells how I J the city of Prague, Austria, was once besieged by an army of ghosts, which disappeared when the sun shone upon' the cross oE the cathedral. It is a pretty conceit, but it probably had its origin, says an Eastern contemporary, in the following legend : The city of Prague was besieged, not by an army of ghosts, but by a large number of living men, which had reduced' the beleaguered city down to the last extremity. The Austrian Commander sent for the Chief Rabbi and told him that the soldiers were worn out and must be replaced by fresh men, and that the Jews would have to take up arms and form'Iho advance guard in a sortie which it was intended to make as soon as arrangements could be completed to that end. The rabbi knew that death would be the fate of his co-religion ists if they led the vanguard—it would be their fate if the enemy captured the city. lie determined, therefore, to dislodge the enemy by strategy, and ordered all the Jews—men, women and children—to repair to the synagogue the next day, dressed- in their Yom Kippnr garb, for tlio purpose of a: twenty-hour fast, and, as no lights were to be lit in the synagogue, everyone was com manded to bring a lantern along. The fast ended a little before midnight, and the rabbi, who had kept his own counsel, locked the synagogue doors and arranged the people according to size, the smallest being put in front. He then led the haggard-looking crowd through a long-forgotten subterranean passage which brought thorn a short distance out of the city. The enemy's outposts, seeing the white figures apparently vising ous of the ground at the-uncanny midnight-hour, were seized with fear, and magnifying the .numbers into millions;.hastily lied and reported that the dead had arisen from, their graves. The besiegers speedily withdrew, and the morning found the enemy gono, The city was saved by tlie rabbi's stratagem; and' tbe only record of the fact is the legend which is here given—arid Long fellow's incorrect poem. 