TALE OF A FEN GHOST. Some strange phenomena have in the past week been startling the huge district of the Great Fen Level of Huntingdonshire and Cambridgeshire {writes the London Daily 2'clesra--h under dato May 12). .It appc-ara that in Tick Feu a Ramsey magistrate has a farm, at the extremity of which, far away from any other buildings, live a horsekeeper named Kowthan, iiis wife, and a bed- ridden daughter. The cottage is a typical fen shanty of wood and thr.tcb, and adjoining it is a similar tene ment, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt, and his wife. Miss Rowthan, who is 18 years of age, and has been confined to her bed for neaiJy twelve months, slept in a room near the thatch, her bedstead renting against the gable end of the roof. On Monday, at mid night, gentle ran pin £3 against her bed were heard, and as the walls are wooden the noise was more apparent. At first the sounds came in sequences of three and four, increasing to six or seven at a time, and growing louder as they proceeded. Then they ceased for a space, and recommenced more vigorously, until they were heard l-3' the next-door neighbors— according to one reportj at a farmhouse 500 yards off. The mother and father, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed, but for a time did nothing, thinking tlie manifestations would cease. These instead increased until the ' ghosts, ' as if angered at being pooh-poohed, became so uoisy as almost to threaten a terrific crash. Nothing was to be seen, though it was clear and starlight, and the disturbances continued to rine out across the fens. The rappings recurred at intervals until the advent of davra seemed to drive the malicious 'spirits' before it. On the follow ing night, though at a different time, a repeti tion of the phenomena occurred. Meanwhile tho inmates, who had suffered the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon decisive action. On the third night the father, taking a loaded gun. went outside the building, but the rappicg-s against the gable were renewed mare vigorously than ever. Search parties were organised, but everyone remained baffled. The countryside began to talk, according to a lengthy report in the Peterborough Advertiser, in the cottages until morning. Ko timid ghost was this, for the pulsations continued whilst eyes were fixed on the. very spot upon which the invisible blows were given. The laud lord's estate bailiff, together with a com panion, took pains to keep vigil in the 'haunted house' from midnight till 3. Tlie tiokes were repeated with the greatest free dom. He drove back to Ramsey at 3 in the morning, admitting that he was baffled even in tho cleverest of the theories he had in his own mind conjured up to account for the mystery. Hundreds of people have visited the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers, aud others from the surrounding district have made critical examination of the house. The girl has been removed into the adjoining house, where the rappinga are not so audible nor S3 frequent. 