A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. \-- By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. I CHAPTER XV-I.-(Continued.) "Your mother was just my age when I first knew her-a little the elder, I think-and just married. She wasn't handsome, but somehow she was attrac tive; most people liked her-I did my .self for a time. And she was a great heiress: she was the wife of the hand somes- man in England, and she loved him--ah. well! as you loved poor MItr. Danttree, perhaps, and not much more wisely,. "I lived with hermnever mind in what capacity; 'Ilived with her, and knew more of her "than any other human being alive, including her husband. . In deed, after tile honeyiroon-and how he used to ya'tin .and smoke during the honey'moon -he=saw as little of her- as possible. She was the woman he was anarried to, and the wsoman lie loved was as beautiful as: all the angels, and not worth -a farthing., It's a very oldastate of things,; Miss : DaLgerfield-nothing novel about it. .Your mother wat fran tically jealous. and, .having the temper of a spoiled child, made his lor--I mean,' made your father's life 'a martyrdom, "with endless tears and reproaches. When she sat sobbing sometimes, swelling her eyes, and reddening'her nose, and look ing very ugly,,it used to pity her,' and once I ventured. to offer my humble sympathy, and call my-her, husband a wretch. Do you know' haw she ieceiv ed it?- She jumlped' up and slapped miy face." - "Iam glad to hear it." said 'Katherine, with composure. ".She served you right." - " Ah, no doubt. Y"ou would have done the same, I'm sure. ? Well;, it -was about that time the romance of my life began. Your mother's brother . came from Ireland .to make her a visit, and we met. He was only twenty; I was your age-se venteern. He was hand some and :,poor-youur mother had got all the money, he all. thebeauty of the family. ,.I was--my modesty makes"ine hesitate" to -say it-considered pretty in those days-that:is, in--a- certain gipsy style of prettiness.'- -It -was a style that suited him, at- least, and we looked at each other, and fell in love,: and 'earth ,turned to, paradise, and we were among the blest. "No one suspected our secret-his folly and my presumption-that is what she termed it. We had fixed the day of our flight-s- ee had packed our portmanteaus -in less than a week we would be in Scotland. and united as fast as Scotch marriage laws can unite, when, all of a sudden, my la3-your mother's sharp, grey, eyes were opened, and saw the truth. A note of his to me fell into her hands, and. she.opened and read it. Not tan honorable thing to do-eh, IKathe rine? It told her all--of our intended -?light in two days, of our proposed mar niage-all. :Wj-haveitoldyoti; 7IKatherine,that you are like your mother. - You are. You have taken all your troubles quietly, and made no outcry, no complain-t. She took things quietly too. Three hours after she got that note she came to me, quiet, composed, and determined. "IHarriet,' she said, 'I am going into the country for a day-only a day. Pack a few things, and be ready to accom pany me in an hour. "I stood confounded.. He was away; -what would he say when he came back? But it was impossible for me-to disobey and then-only for a day.' = We would be back in time, aft'o- all. "For a day! -'Katherine,: she-" never stopped until we were in Cornwall. She had an uncle, a rector,, there; he and his wife lived in a. lonely, old grey house on the sea coast; :It was late at night .when the rumbling stage'-coach brought uls to the door, and I was ivorn out with fatigue. I asked for some tea ; my \- -your mother gave it to me, graciously, twith her own hand, a smile on her lips, and a' sleeping potion in the cup. "The noon sunshine of the next day filled my room when I awoke. I was still lying back in my chair, dressed. I had not been to bed. My head ached, mny eyes felt hot and heavy-I was un used to opium in any shape then, and its effects sickened me. I struggled -wearily with memory. With a sharp pang I recollected it was the day fixed for my wedding-day, and I was here, alone, and he was--where? "And she had done it all. The first glow of that fire of quenchless hate that has burned ever since kindled in my heart then. While I slept she was far on her way back to town, and I was left behind, without a penny in my pocket, a prisoner in this stupid Cornish rectory. ""Two months passed away--two months. A short time enough, as I reckon time now--an eternity then. My order of release came at the end of that time Old Markham, the butler, was Sent for me, and I was taken back to town. I asked him just one-question on the road: '.. ere was young Mr -?' and I got the answer I looked for. Mr -had joined the -th Rifles, and gone out to Canada a fortnight before. "'There, Katherine, that is my story; that is the secret of my hatred of your -mother. Don't you think she deserved it?" "From you-yes,", KIatherine answer ed, promptly. "At the same time, I think -she did exactly right. She knew what you were, doubtless, and took the only means of saving her brother. Gentle 'men and officers don't, as a rule, marry their sisters' waiting- maids." Mrs Vavasor sprang to her feet. That random arrow sped home. "Itis false," she gasped. "I was no waiting-maid. You know nothing -" "It is true!" exclaimed Katherine, -also rising. "You were a waiting-maid; and I know all I desire to know at pre sent. tIy mother was a lady: her brother was an officer in the --th Rifles. -My father lives, and will recognise hil old servant when he sees her. Harriet Lelacheur." M1rs Vavasor stood white, terrified, 'dumb. Good heavens! what a fool she had been to speak at all to such a girl as this. "You see I know your real nanlme among all your aliases. As I have found out that, so I shall find out all the rest. As surely as we both live and stand here, I shall one day discover my father and punish you. Now, good night, Mrs Vavasor. We understand each other, I think." She opened the door, looked back once, darkly, menacingly, then it closed after her, and she was gone. Ninon sat up for her mistress. It was close upon midnight wrhen that mistress reached Scarswood. But she felt no fatigue--some inward spirit, iev'ether for good or evil, sustained her. As she parted with the girl. she laid some sovereigns in her hand. "You have been a good girl, Ninon," ashe said kindly, "to a very capricious mistress. Thank you for all your Patience, and good night." She went to her room, but not to Bleep. It was disordered--she set it to 528 rights. Her jewels--all--lay in their velvet and ivory caskets, her rich dresses hung in the wardrobe and closets. her bridal dress among them. She took a small portmanteau,packed a few articles of dress and linen, a few of her most cherished presents, one or two books and souvenirs, closed, and locked it. Then, still dressed as she was, she sat down by the window and waited for the dawn. It canle, rosy and golden, and touch ed the castern windows into flame. Then she arose, and taking the portmanteau in her hand, went softly out down the stairs. :nd along to that. door in the tur nr't by w\hich she had gone out and come in last night. She closed it noiselessly \--Ihe household was not yet astir-and walked rapidly down the crisp. frozen avenue to the gates. The rising sun shot red lances through the brown holes of the trees. gilded the many windows andl turrets and tall chinmneys of the old Hall. making a wonderfully bright and fair picture of early morning beauty had she but turned to see. But she never once looked back: CHAPITEr' XVII.-POOP iK.ATHE." ' And howo is your patient to night; Mrs. Otis? ..?Any change for 'the better; -It :vas Dri' Graves , wbho asked the' question; blustering in like ithet god of the wiid. '.A: high gale roared without, a few. feathery flakes. of sno. :floated Dast the windows in the stormy? twilight In the sitting= roni of the: Widow, Otis' pretty cottage, residence a bright lire burned cheerily, the red, -. arm .light streaming through the window-curtains far out upon-the .frost-bound road. "'Good evening, Dr..Graves. I thought it was Henry. Come to the .fire. Bit. terly,cold; is it not, outside?: My pa tiefit? ?ll, I don' see:much improve ment there; but Henry' says -.he im prosves, and of course Hetiry knows best. Take this chair-do, and try and thaw yourself a little." Dr. Graves took tthe cushioned rocking chair, and spread himself out luxurious ly to the blaze. 'Whelre is' Henry?. I wanted to:see himl." ' ."Oh, among his poor patients, some where; he will be home to tea presently. Any news, ti'-ight, doctor: I mean "You mean the Scaswood tragedy, of course. ma'am; . Nobody in Sussex, I believe, talks of anythling else, latterly. No. no news; andnno news in this. case does not mea.i good noe ws,, -The fuier-al is over, as you, know; and there is dno will, and everything falls.io that pitiful, pettifogging little screw of an attdrifey; Peter Dangerfield-'-everything,.Mirs Otis -everything." . Just then. Mrs.Otis started. She heard the outer hall door opened, a quick footstep crossed the passage, the sitting room door was flung wide, and Henry Otis, "booted and spurred," stood p ale as a ghost before his mother; and - Dr. Graves. . - .. "Henry!" . the , word , was a' low, frightened cry, but Henry, Otis' eyes turned from her to the doctor. "Is she not here' I was sure I should find her here." "Find whom here ? What do you, mean, young gentleman?" "I mean Miss Dangerfield. What! don't you kngw? She ran away, either last night or this morning, from Sears wiood, and no tale or tidings-of her are to be found. I thought she might have come here to-to see him." Henry Otis crossed abruptly to the fire, and stood staring into it with a greatly disturbed face. "Run awsay!" the widow and the doe tor both exclaimed. "Yes--run away-to her death, most likely." - "Henry! -Good Heaven!" "Women have been driven to their death before now by men--girls have committed sticide for less than she has undergone. It is not .those who make most outcry over their troubles who feel them deepest.'- . What has she to live for-robbed of all at one blow?" "'And my opinion'is, she has done no thing of the sort!' curtly interposed Dr Graves. "Only. arrant cowards commit suicide; and whatever blood flows in Miss Dangerfield's veins, there Is not one drop of the coward in it." As he uttered the last emphatic words, there came a knock at the front door. What presentiment Was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional hound ? He threw it open, and - yes - there, in the spectral, wintry dusk before him stood the tall, slender,sombre figure-its black robes. its white face, and great solemn eyes-there stood Ka therine Dangerfield. He could not speak a word; the un utterable relief of seeing her alive and there for a.moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that faint, sweet voice that haunted him for ever after his life long. "Stay I come in? It is very cold, and I want to see him." There was something so forlorn in her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive tone-something so like a spi rit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before him alive, but surely death was pictured on her face. "Come in, please," he said, simply ; and she glided past him along the lobby and into the presence of the other two. "My child--my child!" Sirs Otis said, with a motherly cry; "thank Heaven you are alive, and have come to us. Sit down; let me warm your hands-poor, little frozen hands. Oh, my child, lwhat a fright you have given us all! Where in the world have you been?" Katherine sanlk wearily down in the chair, and let her hands lie in the elder woman's warm clasp. "I have been with I-lannah," she an swered, slowly: "at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse. And to-morrow I leave Castleford, and I could niot go, you know. without seeing Gaston." Her voice died drowsily away, her head drooped against the back of tlhe chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about her looked in one another's startled faces in dead silence. What did this mean? "Sly chil --Sliss Dangerfield!" MSrs Otis murmured. "Oh, look up; don't lie like that, Miss IiKatherine! Miss Kathe iine!" "Yes, papa," drowsily; "but I am so sleeny, and I don't want to get up to breakfast yet. Has Gaston come? It is cold for him to ride from Castleford to-night-and he hates the cold-poor Gaston. Call me when he comes, papa -1 want to sleep now." Her eyes closed heavily again - her mind was wandering. Her troubles had been too much for her, then, after all, and had turned her brain. Dr Graves bent over her, and shook her slightly. ':Katherine - Katherine!" he called. "Rouse up! Gaston has come-Gaston is here!" She sat up and gazed at him, a be wildered look in'her eyes. "Who calls?" she asked. "'Oh, Dr Graves is it you? Where am I? Is papa ill again? Why, this isn't-". She looked around, and memory seemed slowly struggling back. "Yes, I know now-this is Mr Otis' house. Gaston Is here." She rose up suddenly, fully herself.. "I am going away, and I want to see Gaston. How is he to-night, Mr Otis?" "MIuch as he has been from the first, Miss Dangerfield-little better, -little worse." "But he will not die? Mr Otis, you told-me he would not die!" "I think he will not. I have seen worse cases recover. It is a sort of con cussion of the brain. He does not suffer -or, at least, is conscious of no suffer ing." " May I see him at once now--and alone? I don't know when I may see him again: and, Mr Otis, you have been so kind, will you talke care of him for me until he is quite well again? I can't pay You now--I anm poor-but some day, if I live, I will." "I need no pay. Forhyour sake, Mdiss Dangerfield, I will care for him gladly: I would cherish a dog that had been yours." She held out her hand to him with tihe bright old grace. "Thank you. I knew I might trust you. I must go before It gets too late. Please take me to him at once." Hie led her to the chamber door. White. cold, and motionless, in the fast-fading daylight, Gaston Dantree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night, and now she saw him again thus. _ She stood an instant; then she entered and closed the door. They heard the soft rustle of her silk dress as she Iknelt by 'the bedside, then silence fell. S-No one spoke. The moments ipassed; the night had entirely closed in; the wind howled through the desolate chiurchyard, whose ghastly gravestones could be dimly seen glancing in the darkness. A hushed expectation held them-of what they knew not-a strange prophetic sort of awe. ' Mrs Otis was the first to move. The clock on the man telpiece struck six ; she turned softly and lighted the lamp, then stood waiting again. - Five minutes-ten-no sign, noe sound fromi that inner room. Fifteen--twenty -the toob 'men: looked at-each;other un easily. Twenty-filve-thirtys l Then Di. Graves spoke. SIrShe has-beeti therle rlonug enough. :It is no place f0r her n-her present state Mrs Otis,' do you' go and ask hem to come out. The little widow,- full of forebodln , walked softly to the dooi, and tapped: No answer.. A second tap, louder; still no reply.: A third rap-loudly this time, but." the onlyl answe, profoundest sil enc.4 "aMiss Katherine," she calledo may I enter?". - Still no response. :.Then she opened the door wide, and srecoiled. vith acr-. "Henry, the child has fallen; she has fainted " . ;' ' "" Hehry Otisieas Int the room before' the wmoidswerhespoken. Katherine 'nas ly pin? on her face on the flout.by the hbd-' side, wheie she 'had n sofitly fallen. 'In one':second she wvas uplifted ,in Henry Otis armis and :borne out into the light. Her head fel limp over: his aim, her teyes were closed;: her features rigid. He haiid her upon a sofa-the two' doctors bent' over her-one with: his, hand over her heart,: the other on her pulse. The heart lay still; the pulse beat no longer. Rigid; white,' starI she lay. \--"Oh,.Hensry, speakl " his' mother cried. "DI'Graves, tell'me,, has she fainted?" T he elder doctor' removed' :his hand from K her,' heart,. anid stood up rather pale .himself In the lamp-light. "Somethlng'? worse than 'a faint,, ma dam," replied'.Dr, Gradves, :"Leave us, Mrs Otls,: and your eson,; Henry, and' -I wcill see to, her."'n .'''i Sir Peter Dangerfielad setalone in .the library of Scarswoiod' the: silken: cur tains were drawn; flre-lghlt and lamp light made the room brilliant; his pDrple easy-dhair was drawn -up before a Triting-table littered with deeds and documents, and Sir Peter, in gold bowed spectacles, was trying to read. Trying-not reading- for between him and the parchment page a face, menac ing and terrible, kept coming the face of Katherine as he had seen her last. tWdhere was Katherine ? Dead or alive, she had sworn to ie revenged. Was she dead ? He shuddered through all his little craven soul and heart at the thought. Men had looked at him darkly and askance-all day, and turned coldly away from him while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What if, while he sat here in this warm; lightel, luxurious room, she lay stark and frozen under the stars-dead by her own hand! There was a tall, smoke-colored bottle on another table, with glasses. He was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness, but he sprang up now with a mut tered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. Suddenly there was a knock at the room door, and Dr. Graves was an nounced. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat in hand, very pale and solemn of visage, stood before him. News of Katherine at last. He' grasped the back of his chair with one'hand; and faced his visi tor almost defiantly, as one who should say, "Whatever has happened, I at least have had nothing to do with it." "Well, sir ?" he demanded. "Sir Peter Dangerfield. I bring news of -of'Katherine. She is found." The little' baronet's heart gave a great leap. Found! Then she had not committed suicide ? ."'h!" he said, with a look of sulky injury, "I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of girl to take poison or throw herself into the , nearest stream. So she's found, is she ? Per haps she is going to turn romantic sick nurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by getting him to marry---" "Stop, Sir eter Dangerfield," thle old doctor said. hoarsely; "not another -ord. iatherine Dangerfield will never marry Gaston Dantree or any other mortal men. She is dead!" "Dead!" Sir Peter leaped fron his chair as though he had been stabbed. "Dead, Doctor Gravres! Good Heaven! I thought you said-I thought--" "Yes, Sir Peterl-dead! Of heart disease. -no doubt, latent and unsus pected." And then ti'se old doctor's voice broke, and he turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fire. Dead silence fell. The clock ticked, tile cinders dropped. Dr. Graves looked fixedly into the ruddy coals, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to look at. "Dead or alive, I will be revenged!" The horrible words rang in his ear like his oun death- knell. Greater and wiser than poor Sir Peter Dangerfield have devoutly believed in ghosts; he was superstitious to the core. Anild Kathe rine wias dead-dead-dead! Great heavy drops stood on his pinched, pallid face, and his voice was rhusky as he spoke: "Dr. Graves, there must be some mis take here- thlere must. She couldn't die in that uay--it is too horrible--and she was so young and so strong-never ill a day in her life." "Sir Peter," the old physician said, quietly, "I am sixty-fixe years of age, and for the past forty years I have seen death in all its phases-lingering and instantaneous. And I tell you she is dead. But ue u-ill go to her. She is at Smw Otis's, and you can convince yourself with your own eyes." But still Sir Peter would not lbe con vinced--would not, could not "make her dead." He hunted from the room, changed his dress, ordered round his horse, and in fifteen minutes the two men were galloping full speed through the keen, frosty air touards Castle ford. Tile town lay hushed und dark when they rode into it--it was close upon eleven now. Neither spoke a w'ord; the breathless pace did not admit of tnlk. They ,eached Mr Otis's house--its whole front lighted, and ,figures flitting rapidly to and fro; and Peter Dangerfield's heart, under his riding-coat, was throb bing so rapidly, he turned sick and reeled dizzily for an instant, as he sprang from the saddle. The next he rallied, and followed his leader in. On the sofa in the sitting-room, where they had first placed her, Katherine still lay. They had removed her hat and cloak, and loosened all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal of eternal sleep had fallen. They had closed her eyes and folded the pulseless hands, and calmly, as though sleeping, and fairer than ever in life, she lay. The haggard look had all gone, and a great calm lay upon it. So Peter Dangerfield saw her again. There were three persons in the room. Beside hMr Otis and his mother, the old ex- Indian nurse from Bracken Hollow, sad, gaunt, and grey, sat close by her nurseling. swaying ceaselessly to and fro, and uttering a sort of moaning cry, like a dumb creature in pain. She lifted her inflamed eyes, and fixed them with savage hatred upon the pallid face of the baronet. "Ay," she said, bitterly' "youi're a fine gentleman now, Peter Dangerfield;, and you do well to come and look; at your handiwork; but. you're S~er mur derer, you and 'that dying 'f:alse faced villain lying 'yonder, as sure t'as- ever men were murderers. The larw bn'on hang you, I suppose, but'it has:liunfg men who deserved -It less." "For Heaven's sake, .hushi'l he said. "I never meant this! I never:thought she would die! :I would"give adllIamn worth to bring ler back'to life."- - "Liar!" old- Hannah ;'cried.: towering up and confronting hi;: "double liar' and -coward! : 'Who refused her hel dying? father's ` request' ?-who offered her; the ddadliest 'aind most .dastardly insult it 'is possible for man to offer :a woman ?.-. An'd you say you are ' sorry.' I wonder that, dead as she lies there before 'you,, she"does not rise to accuse her murderer. 'Mr'Henry Otis, this is your house, and she thought you her friend. -Show yourself her friend now, and turn her murderer out!' "Hannah, Hannah, hush!" Interrupted 'Ir's Otis, scandalised and alarmed. "Hannah is right, mother," said Henry, "and fie shall go. Leave this house, Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her trouble, ,she came to me in her dark hour, and shli is mine now- mine! '.Go-you coward. you robber and insulter of. helpless girlhood, and come here no more!" The fiery words scourged the baronet, averted faces met him on every side. And, calm and white; Katheiine lay be fore him, with closed eyes and folded hands--most awful of all! Without a word le slunk away like a whipped hound, and presently the door closed upon him, and he stood alone under tlie black winter night. Alone! Would he ever be alone again? Sleeping and waking, would not that terrible, white, fixed face pursue him? "Dead, I will come back from the grave, if the dead can!" Would the words she had spoken, the dreadful words he had laughed at once, ever cease 'to ring in his ears now? ' Would they not haunt him until they drove him mad? Sir Peter Dangerfield rode home. Home! What was Searswood better than a haunted house now? He shut himself up in his library, lighted - the room to more than the brilliancy of day, locked the door, seized the brandy bottle, and deliberately drank himself into a state of beastly stupor. When morning dawned, Sir Peter, lying on the hearth rug, was far beyond 'all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, drunken sleep. (To be Continued.) 