CREMATION. r ' ‘‘E-O.S.’* writes to us:— The enclosed narrative may surprise and, interest your readers. That under pertain conditions the communion with spirits is possible. I proved years ago; it merely adds to one’s knowledge, and xieed not interfere with anyone’s reli gion. Whatever ‘ religion makes one better and happier, that is the religion to keep to,- be it Roman Catholic, Pro testant, or any other. Why need they’ interfere with or. hate each other- The' quarrels and hatred do away with all re ligion. Although'I know Spiritualism Ito be true, I have nothing to do with it. It is only a valuable knowledge.: I think Dr Peebles made a great mistake in attacking religious sects:— .’In memory of Mrs Massingberd, of 'Gunby, Lincolnshire, who died of ex haustion consequent upon a severe operation, a service of unique character was conducted in St. John’s Church. Smith Square, Westminster. The de ceased lady was possessed of consider able wealth, and was heiress in her own xight to some landed estate in the county, on which she sought to promote temperance in. many ways- Although connected with various social move ments: in London, her name here was tmore particularly associated with the Pioneer Club for Ladies. This was founded by her, fully registered as a proprietary club, and was intended by her to meet the wants of women en gaged in progressive and other work, And in its spacious rooms in one of the finest old -houses of Bruton street ladies representative of all modern vocations and views were to he met. Her loss is a very sore-one to the club, alike from her powers of organisation and the un failing . generosity she evinced towards it. By her own wish her remains were cremated, and the ashes were enclosed in an urn- and brought to the church, where they remained under a beautiful pall of white silk, worked with gold, before the altar- The building itself is one of the most sombre in the metro polis. and even a number of floral •tributes sent by personal friends and ] dispersed about the chaneel'could hardly relieve the gloom of the drc-ary after The sons and daughters of the late lady.3 as well as other relatives, were present in,.the church, hut the service Was primarily arranged by the club as a token of respect, and the members were, officially requested to meet outside the church at a quarter to four. Ideas ! differ among the advanced sisterhood as to the obligation of- wearing black, and several, therefore, had made no difference in their usual-attire: but'all wore, the device of membership, which Is a small silver axe. and a little badge of ribbon striped in white, grey, and black. As the first notes of “O for the fWir.gs of- -a- Dove” softly rolled out as a voluntary, the procession began to move towards .the chancel, and was led by'Viscountess Harberton (who had bright pink roses, in her hat) and Miss (■Whitehead. Behind these were borne. Bhouider-liigh’.by eight ladies represen itaitive of the library, debates, dramatic, and anti-vivisection sub-committees, a 2iuge trophy, measuring 6ft. by 4ft-. and antirely composed cf flowers. The base [was white hyacinths,, jonquils, and lilies of the valley, upon which were worked, ah raised letters of Parma violets ,her’ family motto.-.“Jit is enough to have de served,” and. the guiding sentences of the club. ‘‘All the hands of comrades (Clasping Pioneers of Pioneers,” ‘‘Love thyself last,”: and “Oiie and AU.” wJir. the centre.}were the initials "E. L- M.” paid a large ^xe. also wrought in.double Violets. Then followed Lady Hamilton (honorary secretary). Mrs Chester (who carried a lovely heart of lilies of the rvallpy), and Lady Elizabeth Cust. Prom the British Women’s Temperance Asso ciation came a splendid cross of lilies and arums. • Other bodies which sent .wreaths were the Central National So ciety for Women’s Suffrage, the Good Templars, tlie Humanitarian League., the Shakespeare Society, and the Vic toria street Anti-Vivisection Society. •’ Canon Wilberforce conducted the office, and the processional sentences and the anthem “I Heard a Voice.” as well as the responses, were sung to Goss’s setting. ’Oniv a few verses of the lesson taken from Corinthians. 1 xv. were read, and the hymns sung were :“I was a Wandering Sheep” and ■‘‘Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost.” At the conclusion, Canon Wilberforce gave a short address, saying that he was al ways thankful when any prominent persons lent their support to cremation, and thus helped to deal a blow to the materialism which could grasp no more than a reconstructed earthly body! iWith their departed friend they could but think that the scabbard was de stroyed, hut the bright, keen blade of her intellect and her vigorous mind existed all the same, and he was con vinced thait in spirit she was among' them, and knowing all that was being 