WILLOW WANDS ; -AlBAili ALL-POWERFUL ANOTHER BIG CROWD ON MELBOURNE CRICKET GROUND. : .- ENGLAND V. VICTORIA. r OUR FIRST INNINGS CLOSED THIS AFTERNOON. a total of 308. englishmen are batting. no wickets for 23. JVboteyer may have l>eun said or what ever may have Lwii left UfiKild ulwut tlie play ou Saturday, U »« iimloubtctlly ti»e verdict of all uiilntorcntw! or unpru- Judlced Judges of the kuihu that the «x- hlblLhm of the KtigUHh teuin, botn in howiUtg u«d ileldlnK wax xuim-'Whut dlu- nppulbtlhif. AUHtnilluiw have ween k»)k- Hh eleveiiK which nhuwed if better ud- -vautuKe h) these deiiaxUneiils even eurly lq. their tour. Snturduy'H dlnplay cer tainly left Hie Unj)reHlon that If there be net fonslderabh) Improvement among the bowlers and In tlu: ilehl Ihe Atiflcj- Uotui have a decided diiuici of winning the rubber in the test eatches, alloniiiK, is we iniiy do. the batting Htrength of Ute Kngllahineii . Tluit there will he Im provement, however, we may depend. lVte bowlers hud to bowl on n wicket wlileh' uuld all for the batsmen. There are many of the KngliHhtntn who ure not yet used to xueh bright light or auch a flint ground us we had on .Satur day, and It' In well known that the visi tant have not yet entirely recovered from the Indisposition tfiey Buffered from In Adelahle. All these things told against the "outs," and In favor of the "Ina." »o we need not he In loo great a hurry. (ti Judge Nlodcbtrt's selection. , The cricketers have splsndld luck lii Hie! matter of weather this match. Sa turday wuh simply perfect. Yesterday woe threatening, hut to-ilny Is ns i.denr, bright, ami line jih any AustrMlun spring' day ever Is, and tlnU means that It could not be more pleasant. The wic ket was again perfect, and even at eight minutes past twelve, when the i-'.ay was resumed, there wuh n fair sprinkling of visitors, . Crucket enthujr.uHts and tlte curious of the non-crlckutlng public, however,, are reserving themselves for the batting of the Englishmen. A great crowd .was expected In the afternoon, and. an enormous one Is certain to-mor- \- Till? VICTORIANS. There wuh a slight discrepancy In the score of the Victorians on Saturday. After the Inhlngs had closed It was found that one or the leg-byes had Isren called "short." Even the accomplished and acute "Joe" Taylor. Melbourne's premier scorer, did not catch It. How ever." It muttered no more than that It made the Victorians 273 Instead of 373 for six wicket. The start to-du'y wuh promising for a few balls, and then disastrous. Hiiro placed two more to the thirteen he had already put up by driving UlohardHon, Und he placed the. fast bowler to leg for three more. No one, after seeing M'MIchael on Saturday, expected that he "would stay long at the wickels to- day. In Kleliiirdson'H Mrst over he played at the fourth ball, and up It went In.thc slips, and there whs a general call of "how's that" lis It lodged In Mnson's .hands. It looked nt first us If it-won a'cjiHc of cnughl, but It trans pired that the bull bad lioundud off the pnil, and It \vn« a case of "leg before." 7-1-377. Trumhlc weal In Just In time (o see Harry bowled by llenrne. 8— IS— 277. ' Truinble played merrily from the Htort, using the advantage of his reach, but.Hedost Jnlins very' quickly, the VfnthriAn wlcket-kiM'per hitting one iVildly up to the on, where itlchurdiioit Jield lt, 9-10-385. ' Trumblo and ftochc were Victoria's last hope, but remomborlng that both have. hail recent cx|K>rlcnccH of iOugllsl) bowling, and that both havo scored well at. critical pinches of great matches, the lively and correct bnttlug that followed was not altogether a surprise. Roth men played with confidence, and when they hit nut tlrolr strokes were hard and dteoh.'ahd the momentarily Increiislng uuwd were simply dellghteil. Very quickly 300 went up. Still Trtimble went on gaily and safely, and In an nHtonlsh- Ingly .Hhort .time ran his scum to 31 without giving the ghost of a chance. Ilia strokes, esjMHjiaUy his cutting, were moag.lhe bcHl that he has ever shown vn up Australian Held. Unche. how- ttver. ittfter a time played some w|Id strokes, and more than once knew very little about the bowling. As may he supposed, . be did nol Increase his score. YV hen, the total was :itM3 Truinble tried tb make another protty cut, but, getting on to It late, put it Into the slip, where Druce held it, und the Innings eluded for the respectable total of 306. THE SCORE. (At. the luncheon adjournment.) H ' VICTOItlA. First Innings. CV M'Leod, v Hloddurt, b TTearnc ., 03 Wbrtttll, c "Walnwrlght, b Hearno .. 20 H'.'Trolt, c Hirst, h Ulehurdson .... 25 II. Graham, c Hlchunlsoii, b Hay- - ward 33 Qilter, c Mason, b Ileum .22 tyrucu, c, Mason, h Hlclmrdsoti ., .. ,. 88 M'Micluiel, Ibw, I) Hlchimlson 1 Hurry'; b Huarne ifi Jobiis, c lUehardson, ti llearne .. .. 0 Trumble.'C Druce b Ulehurdson.. .. 23 Roche, "IKR,- out c -5J4-V' - v - . Total .. attt; ; : , ' UOWLINO ' ANALYHI8. ' HaUaHuns.Mdns.Wktfl. Richardson .. 256 127 7 t Hirst1.'; .. .. .. W as 7 Hearno .; .. .. 240 61 20 fi Walnwrlght. ... CO 47 2 Hrtyprtl ., .. 54 31 2 1 G-: vv m« KNOLAND. .j,.,-. \ . First Innings. HtclaroB. out m HAiion; not out 7 " No wickets for.. 23 'A' couutryman strayed Into a print the.- other day, und seemed most truck with :u picture reprewntlng a Uon Bt vlking In sotltury mujesty through te rulns'of an ancient temple. He In quired the nam« of It. "A Lion, after Oteromc," nnimrered the proprietor. "YoUiBeflm to be pkuutcd with thai plc- turer.'/?Yc,M the ohl man replied, "I do like It. That's a powerful ugly- lookin' beast there., ami 1 don't know as I hune (leiomo very much for gllln' out of tho way when 'o could." 