THE SEVEN DIGGERS. (With apologies to Rudyard Kipling). BY HUGH VERNON. It was up in Burreldunda where the reefs were most rich, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song, That we seven jolly fossickers our tents one day did pitch, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. We had travelled over sand pans to this wild and rugged place, The like we'd really never seen before, But the love of pioneering it was stamped on every face, And our hearts were staunch and truthful to the core. CHORUS— Then Smithers who was Captain, the Captain of our push, Brought a bottle out our thirsts to satiate, And asked us would we liquor as the stuff was really coosh, And you bet he had'nt very long to wait. So we measured off the country in a systematic style, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. And we started work in earnest for we came to make our pile, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. Then you never seen such digging as the blooming hole we dug, 'Till the picks got soft and split out like a prong, Then the Captain sings out, "Dynamite, just send me down a plug" And you bet we did'nt keep him waiting long. For Smithers was the Captain, etc. Now the dynamite exploded and indeed 'twas mighty fun, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song, To see the rock it blew up for 'twas reckoned fifty ton, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. Then we gathered up the pieces that were laying all about, All the world as if it was a blooming plate, But the Captain says "there's gold here, go and fetch the dolly out" And you bet he had'nt very long to wait. For Smithers was the Captain, etc. So we stood around the dolly 'till the Captain had his pitch, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song, For he said we'd made our fortunes and struck it very rich, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. Then we started getting tipsy, Scotty stood upon his head, And sang the Boyne Water which was wrong, 'Till Murphy quite insulted said let's chuck him into bed, And you bet we did'nt keep him waiting long. For Smithers who was Captain, etc. Now we dollied out for each of us a pint of shining gold, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song, Then we thought of advertising and let the claim be sold, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. So an expert came from Melbourne our golden hole to see, And declared you're millionaires, for such is fate, "I will give you fifty thousand each to turn it up to me." And you bet he had'nt very long to wait. For Smithers who was Captain, etc. So we each departed happy for the object of our lives, Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. For to transform seven maidens into seven loving wives. Gold diggers just a' listen to my song. But we started mashing barmaids, drinking liquor cold and hot, 'Till D.T.'s our actions turned completely wrong Then we took to suiciding and the devil got the lot, And you bet we did'nt keep him waiting long. Then the devil who was Captain as he opened wide the door, Brought a bottle out our thirst to satiate The smell was truly h---ish but we'd tasted worse before, So you bet he had't very long to wait. Mullewa, 8/2/97. A reader of Mr. Jerome K. Jerome's "Three Men in a Boat" has discovered that the book contains a passage which, though printed as prose, scans after the fashion of Longfellow' " Hiawatha " :— But the river, chill and weary, With the ceasless raindrops falling On its brown and sluggish water, With a sound as of a woman Weeping low in some dark chamber— While the woods all dark and silent Shrouded in their mists of vapour, Stand like ghosts upon the margin— Silent ghosts with eyes reproachful (Like the ghosts of evil action— Like the ghosts of friends neglected)— Is a spirit haunted water, Through the land of vain regrets. Mr. Jerome, when written to, assumed that at the time of writing the passage it was his intention to obtain the result pointed out, " although when one is in the vein one unconsciously drops, Silas Wegglike into metre." " Alroy," one of the least read of Disraeli's novels, is poetic prose almost from begining to end. " What part am I to have in the play?" asked Hamfatter. " Leading old man," answered the manager. " You make a dramatic disappearance over an adjacent hill as the curtain rises on the first act, and all efforts to find you are unavailing." 