N0T£S AND COMMENTS- f a Speaking at a banquef tendered him at Fremantle last week prior to his removal to Albany, Mr Fairbairn. whose name will not be forgotten in the district in which he has labored, »-; police magistrate, grew reminiscent and remarked thst magistrates in the early days did not know very much about iaw, and the position of clerk of courts was not an easy one. He remembered on one occasion a lawyer journeying to the Vasse and engaging in an altercation with the Bench upon a decision. After a wordy warfare, the advocate exclaimed. " But where do-you get your law from ? " " From here !'" replied the magistrate, tapping his head. This finished the lawyer's arguments. Some of the magistrates of the present das also do not know too much about law, and tapping their heads—unless they were tapped with an auger—would furnish no very considerable proof that they were furnished with the necessary cells in which to store any knowledge. A companion story to that of Mr Fairbairn is that of a lawyer who dared to dispute the law at laid down by the i-ench, and was almost contemptuous in his personal reflection'?. When the Court rote, the magis trate, who was a very large man, bore down upon the lawyer, who was a lean and hungry wasp-waisted person of about seven stone weight, and. after rating him soundly for his disrespect and being viciously replied to, said—"You shrimp, I c-uld put you in my pocket." Whereat the lawyer laughed sar donically, and observed—" If you did, you'd have more law in your pocket than you ev.er had in your head.' The laws of W.A. are an extraordinary combinatiou of ancient and unrepealed enactments. and provi ie penalties out of all proportion to minor offences. For instance, a man who strikes a magistrate may be imprisoned for a year. Profa ity entitles a man to a proportionate punishment. There are numerous minor irregularities for which flogging may be awarded, and about a score entitling the culprit to be hanged. The neatest criticism on the criminal code was recently mai'.e by one charged with being about to commit burglary. There was ample reason to suppose some such intention was prevalent in his mind, since when arrested he was carrying a complete kit of the most up-to-date appliances with which to break and enter. His defence was a simple denial of the charge. He was not about to commit a burglary, he contended. :;nd the police ought, in common justice, to prove he was before clamoring for h-s incarceration. The Bench, however, deciued against him. " Why ?" he asked. " You had the tools with you," was the reply. " Twelve months' gaol." That ended the case as far as he was concerned, but he craved permission of the Court; to make a few remarks. This being granted he asked very civilly Is thers the same law in this country for the poor as for the rich ?" " Certainly," was answered, '•the law is no respector of persons." That's right." commented the prisoner cheerfully " Now, if a rich man had been carrying my bag would you have given him twelve moons." " One year," said the Bench ; " ye«, under similar circumstance?, the same sentence would have been passed." " Well, then, that man," pointing to a well-known lawyer, " was about to garrotte somebody last night" The Court was electrified. " V/hst do you mean," asked the Bench. " Well, I saw him at 9 o'clock, and he had the necessary tools with him." And Mr Sykes grinned capa ciously as he accompanied r the police to the dungeon. Every now and again we hear of ponderous and aggressive men being treated to most unpleasant surprises in tLis division of the earth's surface where there is more likelihood of one " running up against a snag" than there is when sailing down the placid moon lit reaches of the Swan in a wash tub. On the goldfields are congregated some very awkward citizens of all sorts and sizes, aud the wise man is the one who when in strange company keeps a remarkably still tongue and under no circumstances bears witness against his neighbour. An individual has infested this particular centre for some time who, it is alleged, has threatened, in the absence of the objects of his hatred, to pulverise various citizens whom he has literally slandered by telling the truth about some and lies about; others. He has fouled one or two very risky men lately, and was never nearer being disastrously dealt with than when he endeavored to irritate a very mild- mannered young gentleman who wears spectacles, and has only one lunR-. He escaped on that occasion, the " lambasting" of a lifetime mainly because he was droiik, or near it. But lately his time arrived. A well-known professional man, who is not eight feet high, and considerably under sixteen stone weight, encountered him in a hotel. Without greet ing, the new comer walked up to the other and enquired, " Did you say, etc. ?" Prompt denial was given. " Hum 1" grunted the small man, as he laid his cane on the bar, " that makes it worse, You're a liar, as well as a slanderer. Put your hands up, please, because I'm going to hit you." And much to the surprise of all present, he set about his bulky opponent to such purpose that he had him at his mercy in Jess time than one could break an egg by dropping it. Then ie marking, Dou't you speak about me any more," the little man called for a whisky and asked the barman if he thought the rain would make the going heavy at Kalgoorlie. One never knows here. A few nights ago we were in company with a citizen, who, apologising for leaving us, stepped scross to another, and, taking him by the nose pulled it cordially. On his return he remarked, cheerfully, " I've been promising him that for a long time; " He would probably not have reminded you of it if the promise had remained unfulfilled,'" was our suggestion. Mining and meat eating is responsible for much. Mining makes men parsimonious with the truth and meat makes them quick to condemn similar economy in others. Our intercolonial telegrams a couple of days ago told of the fright of a couple of Melbourne men, who saw what they prob- ably took to be the Tantanoola tiger basking on the sea beach. The first instance of a man of British race, when he sees anything he has never seen before, is either to kill it or run away, and say he has seen a ghost or tiger. If the ordinary Briton met the Angel Gabriel, or the last man, he would inevitably try to kill him. But if he encountered the sea serpent, or the ichtyosaurus, or the Tan- tanoola tiger, he would run away. The two Melbournites, who presumably had never seen a harmless seal before, encountered one that morning at St Kilda. The seal natur- ally and justifiably barked, as 'tis the nature of seals to do, and the men, probably deem- ing it the missing link, were alarmed, and promptly got a hammer and stove in the seal's head. The pity of it is that the seal was not only a big seal, weighing nearly 800lb, but it was practically a white, and therefore, a rare variety. The thing, alive, would have graced an aquarium. Now it is only fit for a moth trap. But someone will present its slaughterer with a medal. The new woman is coming along. At Melbourne Police Court last week, Minnie Shanks, aged 20, was charged with housebreaking in company with James, her father. The evidence went to show that Minnie did the burgling while her parent waited outside and received the plunder. The innovation is not an objectionable one. Being burgied will be an experience robbed of half its former terrors, when, instead of the beetle-browed ruffian with bludgeon, the citizen is confronted by a masked maiden, who, armed with a dainty toy-pistoL demands the immediate handing over of keys which may cover property. But the female burglar is down for a troublous time if she invades the premises of married folks and attempts to remove any of the adornments of the citizens. In such cases the biggest kind of resistance is certain to be offered, for a woman would for a new bonnet more desperately than man would resist the removal of a box of gold. The Perth papers are not loo respectfully regarded by the old established journals of the colony, some of which have taken on the vigorous tone of the goldfields Press, and started in to shake things up all round. Albany "Advertiser" thus criticises the metropolitan morning papers :—" The 'West -Australian' as a rule hangs back to ~ee how the cat '"s going to jump, while the Herald' is always setting the cats jumping and then clearing out of sight from fear of the consequences. This is a very bad state of things journalistic, and it has a very damaging efEect on politics. There can never be a useful Opposition so .'ong as the 'Herald' fools the Opposition members to the top of their bent and then throws them over There are two questions upon which the'Herald' s n the Coolgardie Water Scheme—to revise the former and to cancel the latter. Will it stick to its guns? The past tactics of the Herald' t-ive tbe public no ground for hoping that it will do so. The ' West Australian,' on the other hand, will, as usual, tu-ld on to th ? wrong end of the stick until the last gasp 1 and then relinquish it With ail the dignity of success." The following anecdote of the late Hon. W. B. Dalley, the first Australian Privy Councillor, is (says the Melbourne " Advocate ") wo.tb repeating :—It was the custom of the late Hon. W. B. Dalley, when counsel fc.r the defence in heavy criminal cases, to prepare with great care a peroration. Many years ago he was leading counsel for a man charged with murder. His junior was the present Attorney-General (the Hon. J. H. Want). Dalley had written out bis peroration ou a sheet of foolscap, and, just, as he was beginning his address to the jury, handed the document to his junior, with the following injunction:—" Here,-.Want, when I come to the words ' In the name of Almighty God,' hand me this perortion." The great orator proceeded with his address, and-his junior sat ready with the document. After speaking for about an hour and a half, Dalley came to the cue. Mr Want, who meantime had. been hanging on the music of Dalley's eloquence, oblivious of everything -else around him, had unconsciously twisted the peroration into all sorts of shapes, and quite forgot the cue. Dalley went on—" And now, gentlemen, in the name of Almighty God (sotto voce, ' Want 1') —Gentlemen, in the name of Almighty God —(sotto voce, Want! Want 1 !')—Gentlemen, in the ' name : of Almighty God, Want.' where the 's the peroration ? " 