SNAP SHOTS. The law of libel as it ' runs' in New South Wales is the strangest and q\ieerest animal on the face of the earth. Even the duck-billed platypus is sim plicity itself in comparison therewith. Last week in Sydney one Kitchen Freeman, the Crown assisting. criminally prosecuted John Norton, editor of TnuTiii for libel. Norton had in his paper charged Kitchen With bigamy and other mild ottences. we juuge Bummed up dead against Norton, but the jury, al though locked up all night, returned to Court and announced that they were 'hopelessly divided.' Result: Jury discharged, and Norton politely re quested to appear again if so desired by the Crown. Turn we now to the law of libel as interpreted and administered at Broken Hill. Telegram to Mon day's S. M. Herald:— ' The District Court opened on Saturday morning, Judge Gibson presiding. A libel case, Municipal Inspector Alker versus Alderman Jabez Wright, was heard before a jury of four. Mr. Bevan, instructed by Mr. M'Carthy, appeared for plaintiff; Mr. Hall nppeared for the defendant. Plaintiff claimed £200 for alleged libel uttered in January last to the effect that plaintiff was under the orders of a secret society. The defendant admitted the use of the al leged libel, but said he had added the words, 'so we understand,' which were not reported. He ab solutely denied using the words ' secret society' as applying to Freemasons. A verdict for plaintiff for £50 was returned, and costs were assessed on the higher scale.' It may be libel to say that a public official acted 14 under the orders of secret society,' but in the name of common sense can it be libel to speak of the Freemasons as a secret society ? If the Masonic body is not a secret society, what is it ? A question which suggests another — how is it that the Govern ment, which is supposed to hold the scales of jus tice evenly balanced, and to know no sect or society, allows the police to become sworn members of a secret society ? Here, as in Ireland, Masonic influ ence, to say nothing of the Oran»e Lodge, plays a big part, in police promotion. If some member called in the House for a return giving the names of the superintendents, inspectors, sub-inspectors, senior-sergeants, sergeants, and senior-constables who are members of the Masonic body, the list would be a long one. Not long ago I noticed that a police officer, an Irishman and a Catholic, had been promoted to a good position. I know the man had ability ; still I was surprised to see his claims thus officially recognized. A few days later the secret was out ; he had joined the Freemasons. Down South about ten years back, I was driving with Father ? ? , who was personally acquainted with every man, woman, and child in the district. While on the road, some distance from the township, we caught up to a trooper taking it easy. The trooper raised his cap, and returned the priest's friendly greeting. *' I am sorry to hear,' said Father ? , ' that you have joined the Masons.' The trooper, a strap ping young Irish- Australian, and one of the priest's flock, hung his head, and then, in reply to the ques tion 'What made jou do it?' answered, 'Well, Father, I feel ashamed of myself ; but I was told that unless I became a Mason I'd never get promo tion.' I know of one policeman in the colony who has been disrated and fined over and over again for drunkenness while on duty, and other offences. He is still retained in the force. He was once a Catho lic. Those who profess to know what goes on be hind the scenes offer this simple solution of the mystery— first he joined the Masons, and then, to make things doubly safe, he became an Orange man. The Sydney Mohning Hekald fitted in the fol lowing instructive and sympathetic footnote to the cable announcing that ' .Butler' had attempted to commit suicide at San Francisco by cutting an artery with his thumb-nail : — 'Prisoners charged with capital offences have at times conceived such curious methods of trying to bring about their own death that the peculiar at tempt made by Butler excited but little surprise when the intelligence of it was communicated to the police in this city. Biting one of the vital arteries is, however, a better-known way of committing suicide by causing loss of blood. Some years ago a prisoner in the Darlinghurst lockup succeeded in choking himself by stuffing into his throat a portion of the material in his trousers' legging. The de tectives who will ba. mainly responsible for the cus tody of Butler— viz., Messrs.- Roche andM'Hattie — have had a long experience with the criminal classes ; and the fullest confidence is entertained that once the alleged murderer leaves American soil his safe arrival in Australia is certain.' ? ! ' As ' Butler,' already pronounced a murderer by every one of the Sydney dailies, is, in the nature of things, doomed to death on the gallows, the solicitude of the Herald for his ' safe' arrival in Sydney is very touching. The ?' fullest confi dence' of the police in their, ability to place the alleged murderer within the hangman's grip is also comforting reading. By the way, the suicide example singled out by the Herald of the prisoner in the Parlinghurst lockup who stuffed one of the legs of his trousers down his throat is worthy of the Herald. If any well informed journalist were asked to give a list of the ' curious methods' employed by prisoners to end their lives he could reel off a 'column in ho time. The cable from San Francisco via London tells us that since ' Butler's' attempted suicide 'increased ?vigilance is being exercised by the prison authori ties.' This is surely a joke. If the American papers are to be believed, 'Butler' from the day of hiB arrest has been holding public receptions in prison. He has been allowed to receive, without any sort of restriction, presents of fruit, cigars, per fumery, liquor, etc., from male andfemale admirers. Now, if ' Butler' had any wish to end his life, what move easy than to have poison brought to him concealed in a ci^ar or an apple r ' Increased vigilance' is good, very good. It would also appear from the San Francisco news paper reports that 'Butler' soothed himself and de ighted his visitors by frequently singing pathetic songs such as ' No Love like a Mother's' and ' Dear Old Mother.' Several of these ballads, ' as sung by Butler, the mountain Murderer,' have been preserved in phonographs for entertainment pur poses. John L, Sullivan, when resting from his arduous work of beating men to pulp in the prize ring or ' cleaning out' a saloon bar while on one of his weekly sprees, has a weakness for sentimental singing. Here is a pen-picture by Blake'.)?- Hall, which appeared in New York Truth in 1892 : — ' It was in an ill-smelling room in a cheap hotel, and Mr. Sullivan was in a state of appalling and ghastly inebriety. He was, in fact, the drunkenest thing that I had ever seen. He had not changed his shirt for ten days, he was chewing and smoking at one time, and his elbow rested elegantly in a butter-dish. lie was singing. The burden of his song was ? Mudder's love for her darlin' son wot loved a low-born maid,' and the voice resembled at various times the roar of a boiler factory, the whaeze of a hay fever victim, and the brokenly-impassioned shriek of a wild cat in a lonely wood. Scattered round the room were a dozen abject worshippers of the champion. They gazed upon him with the air of devotion which a bulldog displays toward a brutal master. As Sulli van finished, one of them said tearfully: 'John, that's the mos' elegintest song 3r'ever done. It makes me leary. Dere ain't nobuddy like yir, John. Sing it ag'n.' By this time John was in tears, but he started in again with a mighty roar, while his friends sat by and sobbed and slobbered and wor shipped him.' ' June 22nd has been fixed for the national celebration of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. Her Majesty will be present at a service outside St. Paul's Cathedral, and will then proceed to the Mansion House and receive an address from the Lord Mayor. The day is to be observed as a national holiday.' So says a London paper, February 26.. To dub the celebration, a 'diamond' jub^ee is a mistake. The universally-accepted rules govern ing wedding anniversaries are as follow : — At the end of the first year comes the cotton wedding; second year, paper wedding; third year, leather; fifth year, wooden ; seventh year, woollen ; tenth year, tin ; twelfth year, silk and fine linen; fifteenth, crystal ; twentieth year, china ; twenty-fifth, silver, thirtieth, pearl ; fortieth, ruby ; fiftieth, golden ; and seventy-fifth, diamond. The sixtieth year evidently does not count. Afresh illustration of the saying 'go abroad to hear news of home.' This time it is the London Star : — ' Cardinal Moran was in London a couple of years ago collecting material for his recently-published His tory of the Catholic Church in Australia. He stayed at St. Joseph's Retreat, on the summit of Highgate Hill, and for several weeks travelled down regularly by tramcar every morning to Euston-road, walking from there along Gower-street to the British Museum, where he worked all day, transcribing early colonial records. Not more than one or two of the regular readers in the great circular room were aware that the quiet and simply-clad priest, surrounded by Blue Books and old colonial papers, was really a Cardinal, a Prince of the Catholic Church.' Now, to begin with, the Cardinal was not 'in London ' collecting material' for his History two years ago. As a matter of fact, his Eminence did most of the ' collecting' in the eighties, and the whole of his manuscript was in the hands of his Sydney publishers (the Oceanic Publishing Com pany) early in 1894. The book was published in '95. In the second place, his Eminence did not spend several weeks in the British Museum tran scribing early colonial records. His researches in London were almost entirely confined to the archives of the Archdiocese of Westminster, which were thrown open to him by his friend, Cardinal Manning. Excepting those preserved at the Vatican, nearly all the early records of the Church in Aus tralia are stored in the Westminster archives. From the Jesuit Fathers in Sydney the Cardinal obtained all Father Therry's letters and copies of official communications, from another Sydney source Archdeacon M'Encroe's. His Eminence did visit the British Museum for reference purposes in 18S8 and again in 1893, but on the occasion of his second visit he had almost finished ' collecting material.' The late Archbishop Reynolds, of Ade laide, furnished his Eminence with several interest ing historical documents. While on the subject of Australian history, may I remark that we are promised some revelations which will take all the shine out of Captain Cook's statue? A cablegram from London tells us that « Mr. E. A. Petheriek, F.R.G.S., head of the well known bookselling and publishing firm, is preparing a paper to be read before the Royal Geographical Society, in which he will show that Australia was discovered in the fifteenth century, and that a kangaroo was presented to Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain in 1499.' The Cardinal, in writing his history, it is true does not put in this fifteenth-century discovery claim for Spain, but his Eminence goes even farther back, and sets it down that even in pre-Christian times there were traditions of a vast island lying far to the south of Asia, and trending towards the eastern coast of Africa. The Persians and the hardy Arabian mariners preserved those traditions, and handed them on to the Middle Ages. From the Venetian traveller, Marco Polo, we learn that before the close of the 13th century the commanders of a Chinese fleet had faint glimpses of the great Southern Land. The Portuguese explorers of the 16th cen tury sketched fairly well on their official maps the northern and western coasts of the neAV continent ; but to the Spanish mariners was reserved the glory of making Australia generally known to the civi lized world. This much the Cardinal claims, and rightly claims, for Spain : — 'It was on the 8th of December, in the year 1605, that tho illustrious De Quiros, who has been styled the Columbus of the Southern Seas, set out from Callao on his last voyage of discovery. By order of the Spanish Court he was 'furnished with two well armed vessels, and letters were addressed to him by Pope Paul the Fifth, conveying to the whole expedi \- tion the Pontiff's blessing, and commending the en terprize as being destined to spread the boundaries of Christ's spiritual Kingdom, and to give glory to the Most High. On the Feast of Pentecost, 1GOC, De Quiros saluted from afar what appeared to him to be the grea,t Southern Continent of which he was in search, and he gave it, in honour of the festival which was that day celebrated, the name ' Tierra Austral del Espiritu Santo,' which has been justly translated 'Australia of the Holy Ghost,' ' De Quiros, according to his own memorial, pre sented to King Philip the Third in 1607, claims to have landed in a bay on what we now know as North Queensland. He describes the place and the natives ' dark of colour, but superior to many of the black races ;' and adds, 'First of all we erected a cross, and we built a church under the invocation of Our Lady of Loretto ; twenty Masses were cele brated there, and our men flocked thither to gain the Indulgences. We had solemn Procession and Feast of the Most Holy Sacrament, the Most Holy Sacrament, preceded by your banner (the King's), being borne around a wide circuit of land, which it sanctified by its presence.' The Cardinal, comment ing on this, says — 'These words appear to me to set at rest all controversy as regards the first celebra tion of Holy Mass on'the Australian continent.' Captain Cook, on the 19th of April, 1770, sighted land near the southern extremity of the Australian continent. He entered Botany Heads on the 28th of April. Two Spanish vessels arrived in Port Jackson, in. March, 1793, and the chaplain on landing expressed his astonishment that there was not a place of wor ship of any kind in the land, adding that ' had a settlement been made by his nation a house for the service of God would have been erected before any habitation of man, and certainly before a «aol ' The total population of the colony (free men and prisoners) at the time, it may be remarked, was (including Norfolk Island) 4-114, one-third of whom were Catholics. It is recorded that Mass was offered up in the harbour while the Spaniards were in bydney, but there is no mention of any Mass on shore. The first incident in the history of Catholi asm in civilized Australia, of which we have an authentic record, is the celebration of the first reli gious offices in a house in Harrington-street, Sydney, near St Patrick s Church, by the chaplain of a French surveying expedition-' Le Geographe' and «'Le Naturahste '—which touched at Sydney in 1802. The Cardinal-Archbishop will be fortunate if he passes happily through his Silver Jubilee celebration without having Ins name or title annexed by some audacious advertiser of a new article of comment In the Dublin Ikish Cathomo, February 27, to hand by the last mail, I find what is supposed to be the picture of a Cardinal doing duty as a 'block' for the Cardinal's Brand of tea. Portion of the adver tisement reads thus : — ' A Cardinal's Tea. The same as used by the leading Catholic Colleges, Institutions, School?, and Convents throughout Great Britain and Ireland. A Most Stimulating and Economical Drink. Liberal Commission to Catholic Agents.' The latest terror of the bicycle ' scorcher' in the Melbourne suburbs is the mounted police. A gal lant and efficient trooper is now detailed to wait in ambush in the reserves of the St. Kilda- road, and nobble the 'scorcher' as he flies along. Thus it was that Mr. John Siddeley, proceeding St. Kilda wards the other day, was suddenly 'ware of a tre mendous hi-hi-ing behind him, and was presently accosted by a perspiring trooper. ' I want your name and address, young man,' said the myrmidon of the law, adding,' 'You were going fully twenty miles an hour, and it took me a mile and a-half to catch you.' To him Mr. John Siddeley, with great presence pf mind, ''Then you'd better let me deal for your horse. It's a certainty for the next Cup.' Mr. Siddeley will probably be fined ; but then he will have the gratifying consciousness of being officially declared a record-breaker, before whom Lesna is as dust, and Martin a mere cripple. The Bulletin, always the jealous guardian of public morality and the fearless foe of all 'quacks' who do not advertise in the Bulletin, devoted a column and a-half of its last week's editorial matter to 'The Great Patent Medicine Swindle.' The Bulletin describes ' the patent medicine quack as ' the meanest of all the frauds above ground. He lives on the sick, the suffering, the miserable, the incurable. He does it with a ghastly and fraudu lent insolence which, in almost any 'other walk of life, would result in penal servitude.' The Bulle tin suggests, as a means of suppressing the 'quacks' who get money by false pretences, a minimum fine of £100, with the alternative of U months' imprisonment. W hile giving the Bulletin' all the credit, for sincerity it is entitled to for its attacks on the medicine frauds, that paper's desire to crush quackery is to some degree discounted by the fact that the same issue contains about 8ixte-jn columns of patent-medicine advertisements (7s 6a an mch), some of them reeking with filthy coarse ness and unspeakable su»-:e it' veness. This has » nasty look of 'whacking' tie dirty profits with we 1 quacks.' P- 8 