Coronation Ceremony Sixty Years Ago. The available records of the coronation of the Kings and Queens of England all go to show that that of Queen Victoria was the most imposing in the history of the nation. And great as that occasion was, it could but have been a. circumstance to that whicb to-day is being consummated in London. We get some Idea of the ceremonial of earlier times in a record which has to do with the destruction by fire of the corona tion robes in 1649. In " the inventory of the Regalia," made by ithe Parliamentary Commissioners at that period, we find the following description and values of the robes then to be found "now in West minster Abbey in an iron chest" :— One common taffaty robe, very old, valued at 0 10 0 One robe, laced with gould lace, valued at 0 10 0 One silver cullered silk robe, very old, and worth nothing 0 0 0 One robe of crimson taffaty sarce net, valued at 0. 5 0 One palre of buskina, cloth of silver, - and silver stockings, very old, and valued at .; -0 Vf; One palre of shoe* of cloth of gould, at ;...........;...: 0 2 •' One paire of gloves, embroidered with gould, at 0 l."0- Three swords, with scabbards of --f cloth of gould, at 8 0 ".•', One old comb of fcorne, worth • \ nothing '.'..\\.\t 4...if t> 0: Total in the chest .......,....£4 10 6 The comb which is here dismissed so' contemptuously was supposed to have be longed to Edward the Confessor, and was used in the ancient forms of coronation to smooth the King's hair previous to the anointing. Even to come down to the' period immediately preceding the corona tion of Queen Victoria—to William IV. and Queen Adelaide—we find the arrangement* were a compromise between economy and parade. The profession'(rom the Hall to the Abbey and the coronation feast in tbe hall were omitted.' " The" 'popular enthu siasm was greater, however, lhan on any former oefcaafon.- The hew ' enjtxa'nce to St. James's Park'was opened for the first time, and in 'the evening- Londbq was uni versally lllurajnated*'- IV is erplfflned, as emphasising this popular outburst, that "the very lanes and alleys, tenanted by the poor classes, were lighted to testify the loyal affection of even the humblest for the Bailor King." With the ascension of Vic toria came dignity and pomp, as will be seen from the following summarised de scription which we are, through the kind ness of Mr. P. J. Cochrane. of Ingham, able to make from an issue of the "London Sun," dated 28th June, 18S8 :— ■" As .the. sun rose on the morning of the 2Jnd June. 1887, a royal salute of twenty one guns announced the dawn of the most Joyous day in the reign of British monarch*, <He day when the crown of the realms on which the sun never sets was to be placed on the head of the most popular and beloved Sovereign that bad wielded the sceptre since the days of Alfred. The hour was early (8.17 a.m.), yet all London was astir, and the streets presented a scene of bustle and excitement. By 4 o'clock the streets were so thronged with carriages and pedes trians that they were in many places im passable, and the whole populace poured out in the direction of the park* and of Westminster Abbey. Those who were suc cessful in securing the points of vantage were, however, premature in their triumph. For soon afterwards the police took up their ground, and the military also made their appearance on the open space or parade In front of the Queen's Palace, and by degrees the crowds were compelled to retire within the enclosures and down the Mall. The squadrons of Life Guards and a troop of Lancers which were to take part in the procession, together with a company of Light Infantry, were drawn up hi differ ent parts of the area, whilst the centre was filled with general officers and their staffs. The Imposing character of the scene was heightened by tho picturesque appearance of the Yeomen of the Guard in their dresses. The roof of the north projection of the Palace was literally covered with people, and on top of the triumphal arch there were stationed two sailors of remarkable fine figure, who were In charge of the flagstaff upon which tho Royal Standard was to be hoisted on her Majesty's departure from the Palace. About 8 o'clock the band of the Life Guards struck up " God Save the Queen," and played at intervals until the commencement of the procession. The carriages which were to compose the caval cade now took their places according to the wder prescribed—those of the Foreign Am bassadors in the South Walk, and the royal carriages in the North Walk of the Mall. At 10 o'clock the procession began to move, md as the several Illustrious foreigners were recognised they were much cheered, npeclally Marshal Soult, who acknowledged the compliment by repeated bows. His ilxceHency Ahmed Pacha also seemed grati fied at the recognition he met with as his ttquipage passed through the crowded lines, The occupants of the royal carriages were also warmly greeted. His Royal High- ness the Duke of Cambridge w»s evidently in great good humour, and frequently bowed to the populace, and the Duke of Sussex and the Duchess of Kent were saluted with the most enthusiastic cheer ing. Up to this time the weather had worn the uncertain aspect which characterised the last few days. For an hour it seemed doubtful whether sunshine or rain would prevail, but almost at the Instant whsn the noble-looking tars upon the roof of the triumphal arch hoisted the Royal Stan dard, as the Queen was entering her car riage, the clouds passed away, and the sun shone with all the brilliancy of midsummer. The tars waved their hats and cheered as the standard rose. The Immense assem blage responded to the cheer with one tre mendous shout of joy, which was con tinued until the royal cortege had passed over Constitution Hill. Her Majesty was in most excellent spirits, and smiled graci ously upon the many other subjects who in this place strove to catch her attention to their affectionate greetings. She was accompanied by the Master of the Horse, Lord Albemarle, and the Duchess of Suther land, the Mistress of the Robes. After giving the order of the procession, the nar rative continues :— THE SCENE AT HYDE PARK CORNER. As early as 7.30 in .the morning the curious began to take their station* on each side of Piccadilly, and at 8.30 it was impossible to get from or to the line by any of the branch streets ; while " confused, unnumbered multitudes" perambulated the line for the purpose' of picking out the best spot from which they could obtain a sight of their youthful and beloved Queen. Nor were they who had secured seats at the different windows later in their arrival. The galleries erected in front of the man sions were occupied with "The- fairest of Creation, the last and best of all God's works." At 9 o'clock the police com menced clearing the line, and half-an-hour later the road was in perfect order for the procession. A few minutes before 10 the first squadron of Life Guards reached Hyde Park Corner, and shortly afterwards the Foreign Ambassadors arrived, the splend our of whose carriages .exerted the admira tion of all. Something like confusion was here created in consequence of Marshal Soult, who had been warmly greeted, hav ing broken the line, but this difficulty w«a soon got over, and " The pomp, the pageantry, and the proud array" proceded. At a quarter past 10 a salute was heard announcing that her Majesty had left the Palace, and this was the signal for a hearty shout from the " numbers, without number. At half-past 10 the gorgeous car riage of England's Queen passed, .amid the loud acclamations of her loyal and loving subjects, which her Majesty most gra ciously acknowledged. BT. JAMES'S STREET. Viewed from St. Jatries'b Palace the scene to the upper end of -St. James's street was of the moßt brilliant and animated descrip tion. Nearly the whole of the windows and balconies were occupied before 7 o'clock, and at 8 scarcely a scat remained vacant. The humbler class of spectators on the foot paths had by this time assembled in con siderable numbers, and continued to aug ment every moment, and innumerable were \- the hair-breadth escapes of the pedestrians in crossing the streets, particularly at its Junction with Piccadilly, from the roll of carriages and the passage of troops.. The danger was somewhat lessened when the barriers were closed to the public, remain- Ing open merely for those who had tickets . for the Abbey. About 9 o'clock the bar riers were finally closed, and the assembly then began to settle into something like order. By 0.30 the avenue had been com pletely formed, and the crowd waited with the utmost impatience for the signal which was to announce her Majesty's departure " from the Palace. This was at length heard, and about twenty minutes past 10 the cavalcade turned into St. James's street. A few minutes afterwards the band arrived, and struck up " Qod Save th,e Queen," amidst the warmest demonstrations of re spect. These demonstrations increased as the carriages of the more popular personages passed. The waving of handkerchiefs from the windows now announced the approach of her Majesty, and every eye was strained to catch a glimpse of the carriage, which at length entered St. James's: street, amidst the simultaneous and enthusiastic cheers of the assembled multitude. On passing St. James's Palace, about a-quarter before 11 otaock, a, short delay, took place in conse quence of one of the ttraces of her Majesty's carriage giving way.' The accident was soon remedied, and the procession again advanced. PALL MALL. Pall Mall formed one of the most interest ing districts in the whole line of the gor geous procession. Here the ingenuity of the architect, the painter, the carpenter, the haberdasher, and others had been taxed to the utmost in the expression of the feel ings of Royalty. At an early period of the day the whole street was thronged by pe destrians and equestrians of every descrip tion, whose gladsdme features and joyous expressions denoted that they anticipated the glorious proceedings of the day. Every window in whole line of houses was for at least two hours previous to the ar rival of the magnificent pageantry thrown open, and hundreds of England's fair looked forth upon multitudinous preparations that were making for the reception of the youth ful " Queen of Hearts." At all the public offices, clubhouses, palaces, Ac., in Pall Mall scaffoldings had been erected on the grandest and most extensive scale for the accommodation "of the people who de lighted to honour" the occasion of a virgin Queen's ; inauguration. Mont of these thronged resorts possessed attendant rooms for wines and refreshments. Many were the aspirations breathed forth for the hap piness, the long life, and prosperity of her who engrossed the attention of all Europe. About 10 o'clock the roar of the artillery in the Park announced to the eager ex pectants along the line her Majesty's de parture from Buckingham Palace ; and in about half-an-hour the first part of the pageant made its appearance. The ap plause which welcomed the arrival of the Duoheas of Kent and her attendants and the Duke of Sussex and attendants were of the most rapturous description. But the Queen ! Her reception baffles every at tempt at description. No sooner did the people obtain a sight of the features- of her Majesty than Such a noise arose Aa shrouds make at sea in the stiff tempest, As loud and to a'» many times ; hats, cloaks, (Jackets, 'twas said) flew up, and had their . faces Been loose this day they had been lost. Her Majesty arrived at the Abbey (the passage of the procession through Charing 'Cross being marked with like enthusiasm) precisely at thirty-two minutes past 11 o'clock. When she alighted, all the bands played the National Anthem. The arrival was announced at that moment b> the firing of a gun. The " Sun," in alluding to the scene at Charing Cross, remarks :—" The multitude of Reformers assembled at the Re form Clubhouse were so enthusiastic in their demonstrations of loyalty as to draw the special attention of our youthful Queen, who acknowledged it by repeated bows. As the royal' carriage progressed the cheering and waving of handkerchiefs were unbounded —every hat was doffed, and many were the blessings invoked upon the head, of her youthful Majesty." The procession having arrived at tho Abbey, the Queen ascended the theatre, and passed on the south side of the Throne to her Chair of State, being the Recognition Chair, and after her private devotion (kneeling on the fooUtool) took her seat, the Bishops (her supporters) stand mr on each side ; the noblemen, bearing the four ■words, on her Majesty* right hand, the Sword of State being nearest the royal per son ; the Lord Great Chamberlain and the Lord High Constable on her left; the other great officers of State, the noblemen bearing the Regalia, the Dean of Westmin ster, Deputy Garter, and Black Rod, stand ing near the Queen's chair ; the Bishops, bearing the Bible, the chalice, and the patina, stood near the pulpit, and the tram bearers, the Lord Chamberlain of the Houce hold, and the Groom of the Robes behind her- Majesty. THE RECOGNITION. Upon the conclusion or the anthem, the Archbishop of Canterbury advanced from his station and, together with the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Lord High Constable, and the Earl Mar shall, preceded by the Deputy GTarter, moved to the east side of the theatre, where the Archbishop made the recognition thus : " Sirs,—l here present to you Queen Vic toria, the undoubted Queen of the Realm ; wherefore, all you • who have come this day to do your homage, are you willing to do the mum I" and repeated the same In the north, west, and south sides of the theatre ;• during which time- her Maf jesty stood standing by her chair, and turned towards the people on the side at which the recognition wae made, the people replying to each demand with loud and re peated acclamations of " God save Queen Victoria." At the last recognition the trumpets sounded and the drums beat. Her Majesty then resumed her seat, and the Bible, the chalice, and tho patina were carried to and placed upon the altar by the Bishops who had borne them. The great offlcors having resumed their station near her Majesty, two offlcera of the wardrobe spread a rich cloth of gold, and laid on it a cushion at the steps of the altar; The Archbishop of Canterbury then pro ceeded to the altar, put on his cope, and stood on the north side. The Bishops who! were to read the Litany also vested them selves in their copes. . ; THE FIRST OFFERING. The Queen, attended by two Bishops and others, and preceded by the noblemen bear ing the Regalia and four swords, passed to the altar. Her Majesty, kneeling on the cushion, made her first offering of a pall, or altar cloth of gold, which was delivered', by an officer of the wardrobe to tfie Lord Chamberlain, by his lordship to the Lord Great Chamberlain, and by him to the Queen, who delivered it to the Archbishop of Canterbury, by whom it was placed oa the altar. The Treasurer of the House bold then delivered an ingot of gold of lib. weight to the Lord Oreat Chamberlain, which, having presented the same to the Queen, her Majesty delivered it to the • Archbishop, and was by him put into the oblation basin. Her Majesty continued to kneel, the prayer, "Oh God, who ' dwellest in this high and holy place/ Ac, being said by the Archbishop. At the conclusion of the prayer, her Majesty rose and went, attended as before, to the Chair of State on the south side of the area. The regalia, except the swords, were then delivered by the several noblemen, who bore the same to the Archbishop, and by his Grace to the Dean of Westmister, to be laid on the altar ; the great officers of the State (with the exception of the Lord Great Chamberlain) and the noblemen who had borne the regalia deposited on the altar, going to the respective places ap pointed by them ; the Bishop of Durham; standing on the right hand of her Majesty, with the noblemen carrying the swords on the right hand ; the Bishop of Bath and Wells on her Majesty's left hand, and near him the Lord Great Chamberlain; The '. noblemen, bearing the sword* (except the Sword of State), continued to stand on the south side of the area until the inthronisa~ . tibn. THE LITANY Was read by the Bishops of Worcester and St. Daid's, kneeling at a faldstool above the steps of tho theatre, the choir reading the responses. At the conclusion of the Litany, the Bishops resumed their. seats on the bench along the north side of the area. THE COMMUNION SERVICE. Just previous to the Communion service, the choir sang the Sanctus, " Holy, holy, Lord God of Hosts." The Archbishop then began the service, the Bishop of Rochester reading the Epistle and the Bishop of Car lisle the Gospel. The service being con cluded, the Bishops returned to their seats. THE SERMON Was then preached by the Bishop of Lon don. During the sermon her Majesty con tinued to sit in her chair. The text from which he preached was the 84th chapter; Second Book of Chronicle!, v. 81. THE OATH. Her Majesty, having on Monday, 20th November, 1837, in the presence*of the two* Houses of Parliament, made and signed the declaration, the Archbishop of Canterbury , advanced towards the Queen, and, standing before her, ministered the questions pre scribed by the service. These having been answered, she rose from her chair, and, attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain—the Sword of State , alono being borne before her Majesty-—went to the altar, where, kneeling upon the cushion placed on the steps, and laying her right hand on the Holy Gospels, she took the coronation oath, kissed the book, and, to a transcript of the oath, set her royal sign manual. The Queen then returned to her chair, where her Majesty had sat during the ceremony, the hymn, " Come* Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," being suag by the choir. Upon the conclusion of the hymn, the Archbishop read the prayer preparatory to the annointing, "Oh Lord, Holy Father, who, by anointing with oil, didst of old make and consecrate kings, priests, and prophets." At the conclusion, of this prayer the choir sang the anthem, " Zadok the Priest and Nathan tho Prophet." At the commencement of the anthem the Queen arose from her chair, went before the altar, and, attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Sword of State, being borne before her, was disrobed of her crimson robe, which was carried Into St. Edward's Chapel.: The Queen then pro ceed to and sat down In St. Edward* chair, covered with a cloth of gold, and with. a faldstool before 1%. placed In front of the altar, when her Majesty was annointed ; four Knights «f the Garter—the Duke of Rutland, the Marquis of Anglesey, the Mar quis of Exeter, and the Duke of Buccleuch— holding, over the Queen's head a rich pall or cloth of gold. The anthem being concluded, the Dean of Westminster took from the atnpulls containing the consecrated oil, and pouring some into the annointlng-spoon, the Archbishop annointed her Majesty on the head and hands, In the form of a crass, * pronouncing the words, - "Be thou an nointed/' £c. The Queen pronounced the prayer after the annointing, and, rising, re sumed her seat In St. Edward's chair. THE BPURB. After this the Desn took the spurs from the altar, and delivered them to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who, kneeling down, ' presented them to her Majesty, who returned them to be laid upon the altar. THE SWORD. The Viscount Melbourne, carrying th» ' Sword of SUte, now delivered It to the Lord Chamberlain. This having been de livered to the Archbishop, the latter laid it on the altar, and said the prayer, " Hear our prayers, Oh Lord, we beseech thee, and so direct and support thy servant Queen tVlotoria," Ac. The sword was then taken from the altar and delivered into the Queen's right hand with the words, " Re ceive this kingly sword," Ac. * OFFERING OF THE SWORD. The Queen, rising, went to the altar, where her Majesty offered the sword in the scab bard, and then returned to St. Edward's chair. The sword was then redeemed for 100 shillings by Viscount Melbourne, who received it from the Dean, and carried it during the. remainder of the solemnity. The Archbishops and Bishops who had as sisted during the offering returned to their places. INVESTING WITH THE MANTLE. THE ORB, AND THE RING. Her Majesty, standing, was next invested by the Dean with the Imperial mantle or Dalmatic robe of cloth of gold, the Lord Great Chamberlain fastening the clasps. The Archbishop, having received the orb from the Dean, delivered It into the Queen's rjght hand, saying, " Receive this Imperial robe and orb." Her Majesty returned the orb to the Dean, who laid it on the altar. The ruby ring was similarly presented by the Archbishop. THE SCEPTRES. The Dean then brought from the altar the sceptre with the oross and the sceptre with the dove, and delivered them to the Arch bishop. In the meantime the Duke of Nor folk, as Lord of the Manor of Worksop, left Ills seat, and approaching the Queen, and kneeling, presented to the Queen a glove for her right hand, embroidered with the arms of Howard, which her Majesty put on. The sceptres were presented, the sceptre of the cross first, the Lord of the Manor of Worksop supporting the Queen's right arm and holding the sceptre. THE CROWNING. The Archbishop, standing before the altar and having St. Edward's crown before him, took the same Into his hands, and con secrated and blessed it with a prayer. Then the Archbishop advanced from the altar, assisted by. the Archbishops of York and Armagh, with the Bishops of London, Win chester, and others, the Dean of Westmin ster carrying the. Crown ; and the Arch- Ibishop took, and placed it on her Majesty's head, when the people with loud and re peated shouts cried " God save the Queen." Immediately the Peers and Peeresses present put on their coronets, the Bishops their oerps, and the Kings of Arms their crowns ; Me trumpets sounding, the drums beating, land the Tower and Park guns firing by signal. " Never," goes on the report of *ac ceremony, " did we hear louder or more hearty plaudits, that almost rent the walls of the old Abbey, setting at nought all totlquette and ceremony, than those whloh Jwrst from the lips and hearts of her at tached and loyal people when the crown was placed on their young and lovely Sove reign." The acclamations having ceased, .the Archbishop pronounced the exhortation, " Be strong and of a good courage," Ac, the ohoirs following with "The Queen shall rejoice." The Holy Bible was after wards presented and placed on the altar. The Benediction was pronounced, the " Te Deum" sung by the choir, and the Queen moved to the Recognition Chair, attended fry Bishops, Officers of State, and noblemen, carrying the regalia and swords. THE ENTHRONISATION. "Te Deum" being ended, the Quean ascended the theatre, and was lifted into her throne by the Archbishop, Bishops, and Peers around her Majesty, and, being so ■■throned, all the great Officers of Bute, th* spbtesMO beariag the swords, and the noblemen who had borne the other regatta, stood round about the steps of the throne, when the Archbishop, standing before the Queen, pronounced the exhortation, " Stand firm and hold fast," Ac. THE HOMAGE. The exhortation ended, her Majesty de livered the sceptre, with the cross, to the Lord of the Manor of Worksop, to hold the same in her right hand, and 4he sceptre with the dove to the Duke of Riohmond, to hold the same in her left hand during the homage. The Archbishop knelt before the Queen, and for himself and the other lords spiritual pronounoed the words of homage, they kneeling around him and say ing the words after him. The Archblajpp then kissed hep Majesty's hand, and the rest of the lords spiritual did the same and retired. The several Dukes and other Peers followed, severally touching th« crown and kissing her Majesty's left oheek, and performed their homage, the choir dur ing the ceremony singing the anthem, '' This Is the day which the Lord hath made," Ac, and the Treasurer of her Majesty's House hold threw about the medals of the Corona* tfcm. THE HOLT BACRAMBNT. - After the anthem, the Bishops of Car lisle and Rochester, who bad read the Epistle and Gospel, received from the altar by the hands of the Archbishop the patina and the chalice, which they carried into St. Edward's Chapel, and brought thence the bread upon the patina and the wine in the chalice. x Having delivered the sceptres and the crown to her supporters, the Queen knelt and placed the patina and chalice on the .altar. The Queen, still .kneeling, made her SECOND OFFERING (A purse of gold). After a prayer, her Majesty went to her chair on the south side of the area, and knelt at her faldstool. When the Archbishop and the Dean, with the Bishop's assistants, had communicated, her Majesty approached the altar, and re ceived the sacrament, the Archbishop ad ministering the bread and the Dean of Westminster the cup. The Queen, re ceiving the Crown, put it on, and repaired to her throne, receiving the sceptres, and attended as during the enthronisation. The Archbishop then proceeded with the Com munion service, at the end of which the choir sang the anthem, " Hallelujah, for the Lord God Omnipotent Relgneth," and this concluded, the Archbishop read the final prayers, and pronounced the blessing. •THE CEREMONY ENDED, Her Majesty, fittingly attended, descended into Uh arena, and passed through the door on the south side into St. Edward's Chapel, the organ and other Instruments all the while playing. Her Majesty, being in the chapel and standing before the altar, delivered the sceptre with the dove to the Arohbibshop, who laid it on the altar there. She then disrobed of her royal Imperial mantle, and arrayed in her royal robe of purple velvet by the Lord Great Chamber lain. The Archbishop then placed the orb in her Majesty's left hand. The spurs were deposited on the altar. While her Majesty was in St. Edward's Chapel the officers of arms arranged the procession for the re turn. Her Majesty then proceeded out of the choir and to the west door of the Abbey, the Queen wearing her Crown, and bearing In her right hand the sceptre with the cross, and in her left the orb, their Royal High nesses the Princes and Princesses wearing their coronets. Her Majesty and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal retired with the same state as on their proceeding to the Abbey. THE.INTERIOR OF THE ABBEY. For the information of the uninitiated-* the Interior of the " Ancient Abbeye" of Westminster being to many even in these days " a sealed book" —it may be necessary to state that the vast pile is in the form of a cross, the aisles from the reyal en trance running west and east, and the transept north and south, the centre of the building' being the theatre where the chief portion of the august and impressive ceremonies took place. From the western entrance, where her Majesty passed under the organ gallery to the theatre, a raised platform 24ft. wide was erected, with a smaller platform on either aide for the ac commodation of those personages who took a part in the ceremony. In the centre of the Abbey, and immediately under the lan tern, was « square platform ascended by four steps covered with claret-coloured drapery, richly embroidered in gold. Here was placed the Throne or Chair of State facing the altar, in which her Majesty re ceived the homage of her people. Its sides were hung with gold lace of great rich ness and elegance, the seat and back being covered with crimson velvet, on which the royal arms were splendidly emblaxoned, and the pillars, fluting*, &c;, being of burnished gold. There was also a footstool corre sponding in every particular with the throne itself. At each corner of the theatre were semi- circular mils, within which the. heralds and yeoman of the guard, bearing their partisans, remained during the cere mony. At the eastern or opposite extremity of the building was the altar, surmounted by a lofty canopy, supporting various emblom atlcal figures in gold. The drapery be hind It consisted of silk damask extending along the whole of the front gallery, and draped up with elegant festoons of gold cord and tassels. On the right of the altar was the offering table, covered with Garter blue Genoa, velvet, bordered with lace and fringed with gold. In front of this table, and close to the theatre, was the pulpit, elevated on a splendidly gilt and decorated pedestal, the pulpit and cushion being co vered with crimson velvet richly fringed with gold lace. The south side of the sacrarium was occupied by the royal box. The drapery here was of the most costly description, being with loops of gold rope bordered and fringed with gold lace, the interior lined with white satin elegantly fluted ; and the chairs, which were of an extremely beautiful and unique pattern, were alao elegantly gilt and ornamented. Her Majosty's Litany chair and faldstool were placed at the foot of the stage sup porting the Throne. The drapery was of the same costly material, and of correspond ing magnificence with the other arrange ment*. *••" In the eastern aisle, Immediately above the altar, which on former occasions had been occupied by the choir, was the gallery for the accommodation of members of the House of Commons. The seats were co vered with scarlet cloth and gold ornaments. Above this was another gallery rising nearly to the roof of the building, the seats of which were similarly covered. The fronts of the various galleries were decorated with hangings of the same material, trimmed with a deep gold fringe, and having the royal arms embroidered in gold in the centre. . At intervals of about 10ft., extend ing along the entire ranges of the galleries, were triangular pillars elegantly fluted and finished with gold mouldings. The north and south transcep'ts were occupied for about half their depth with galleries for the accommodation of the Peeresses and Peers. These, with the smaller galleries above them and the vault ings, were finished in the same chaste and elegant manner. All the galleries, ascend ing amphitheatrically to the roof, afforded a commodious view of the proceedings. The nave behind the organ, with its gal- lerles right and left, the Gothic screen la front, and the Gothic tracery over the royal entrance, bad a most imposing effect. The glided shafts and pinnacles of the organ were in perfect keeping with the antique Gothic architecture by which it was sur rouqded. Beneath the organ was the gal lery for the vocal and instrumental per formers, • affording accommodation for up wards of 100 persons. The admiration of all was elicited not bo much by the splendour of the decorations as by the perfect consistency and keeping «L"! »*? Partß' *PP»e<l *« they were to the interior^of so ancient a fabric as the ADbey, and harmonising so completely with ».n-maßß^ e v grandeup of the tlme-»tained ♦ffi?'«..T^ teh, werJ ludlcl°u«ly left in all 111 It g architectural beauty and alm ttoJVft"' ?ll ractlve and Cresting por li wfc L c Abbey Was tte north fansVpt. of Fni?,n^ ereJ^"° mt)led Bevoral hundreds ?» !S °g.laDd 8 n«*lest and most lovely dames !■« •f, rob. eß of Btate- Tnls Po'nt, more especiauy when the sun flung UsW«SS &TiAr; PX£ laZe °f dUm°ndß and THE RETURN PROM THE ABBEY. Abbey STE? 1?" comn»«nced to leave the JJ^.SJ "?.*/ mlnutea to * o'clock, but tin £££ r d d ? ot get lnto hep carriage n2ri£TK lnutM to 6 ' when "he *»■ I. wh!j £ thV an"» enthusiastic manner »arroyal mother and her royal uncle of SS£ JSKhSST^ *° *"■* meed « THE REOALJA DESCRIBED. ♦iiJ .s^.»^°. tel .on lhe R«8»»a wIU assist 'i. unJ? Ul*t|ed in batter "nUeratandlne the proceedings. Mr. Thompson, In his work on the processions and ceremonies ob served in the Coronation of lhe Kings and Queens of England, gives the following account of KINO EDWARD'S CHAIR. This ohalr (commonly called Bt. Edward's Chair) is an ancient Beat of solid hardwood, with back and sides of the same variously painted, in which the Kings of Scotland were in former periods constantly crowned. But having been brought out of the king dom by King Edward 1., In the year 1296, after he had totally overcome John Ballot, King of Scots, it has ever since remained In the Abbey of Westminster ; and has been the Royal Chair in which the succeeding Kings and Queens of the realm have been inaugurated, rt Is in height 6ft. 7in., In breadth at the bottom 38in.. and In depth 241n.; from the seat to the bottom Is Ssln., the breadth or the seat with the side* la 28in., and the depth 18in. At »ln. from the ground is a board, supported at the four corners by as many llona. Between the seat and thla board fa enclosed a stoat* commonly called Jacob's, or the Fatal Marble Stone, which Is an oblong of about 221n. In length, 131n. broad, and llln. deep; of. a steel colour, mixed with some vein* of red. History relates that it Is the stone whereon the patriarch Jacob laid his.head In the plain of Lus. It is also added that it was brought to Brlgantia, In the kingdom of Galltcia. In Spain, in 'which place Gatbol, King of Scots, sat on.it as his throne. Thence X was conveyed to Ire land by Simon Brach, who was King of Scots, about 700 years before Christ's time ; thence into Scotland by King Fergus, about 370 years afterwards ; and in the year 850 It was placed In the Abbey of Scone, in the Sherlffdom of Perth, by King Kenneth, who caused It to be enclosed in this wooden chair, and a prophetical verse to be en graved, of which the following is a transr " Should fate not tail, where'er this stoo* is found, , ■ The Scots shall monarchs of that realn be crown'd." t , " This is the more remarkable by Ms having been fulfilled In the person of King James 1., grandfather to the Prlncms Sophia. Bleotress- Dowager of Hanover, grand mother to King George 11. This antique regal chair (together with the golden Scep tre and Crown of Scotland) having been solemnly offered by King Edward I. to St. Edward the Confessor In the year 1297 (whence It derives the appellation of B*. Edward's Chair), has ever since been kept in the chapel called by his name. Affixed to It is a tablet, whereon several Latin verses - are written in the old English character. The ornaments of the chair consist of crockets and fretwork, richly gilt. It has a cushion covered with the same materials. THE REGALIA. The Regalia comprises St. Edward'a Staff, the Spurs, the Sceptre with the Cross, the Pointed Sword of Temporal Justice, the Sword of Mercy, the Sword of State, the Sceptre with the Dove, the Orb, St. Ed ward'a Crown, the Patina, the Chalice and the Bible. St. Edward's Staff, In length 4ft. U%la., la a sceptre of gold, having a foot of steel, about 4%1n. in length, with a mound and cross at the top. The ornaments are als6 of gold, and the diameter Is upwards of three-quarters of an inch. The Spurs, called the Great Golften Spurs, are elaborately wrought. They have no rowels, but end in an ornamented point. The Sceptre with the Cross, or Sceptre Royal, is likewise of gold; the handle plain and the upper part wreathed. It la In length 2ft »£in., and is of the same thickness as St. Edward's Staff. The point at the lower part Is enriched with ruble*; emeralds, and small diamonds, and a apace of 6V&ln.; In length above the handle 1* elegantly embellished with similar precious stones. The top rises into a fleur-de-lis with six leaves, of which three are upright* The other three hang down, and all are enriched with precious stones. Out of the fleur-de-lis issues a mound made of an amethyst, set round with table diamonds, and upon the mound a cross wholly covered with precious stones, and a large table diamond in the centre. The Sword of Justice of the Temporality, or Third Sword, is sharp-pointed. The length of the handle is 4in.. the pommel ' an inch and three-quarters, and the cross 7Uln. Curtoma. or the Pointless Sword, repre-  •enting the Bword of Mercy, Is the principal in dignity of three swords which are born* . naked, before the Kt?3* at the Coronation. : It 1* a broad, bright Bword, of yhlch the length of the blado Is 321n., the breadth ' almost 2in.; the handle, which Ib covered ' (with fine gold wire, 1b 4in. long ; and tho pommel l%in., which with the cross 1b plain . ateel gilt. The length of the cross 1b eimost 81n. The. scabbard is covered with . » rich brocaded cloth of tissue, with gilt ©rnamentß.  .. The Sword of State is a. large two-handed •word, having a splendid scabbard of crlm . son velvet decorated with gold plates of the ; royal badges, in order as follow :—Up at [ the point is tho orb, or mound, then the royal crest of a lion standing on an Imperial , crown ; lower down are a portcullis, harp, thistle, fleur-de-lis, and rose ; near the hilt the portcullis is repeated ; next are ' the royal arms and supporters ; and lastly, the harp, thistle, &c;, again appear. Both sideß of the Bcabbard are alike. The handle and pommel of the sword are embossed ■with similar devices in silver gilt, and a cross is formed of the royal supporters, the lkm and unicorn having a rose within a laurel between them on one Bide, and a fleur- de-lis, encircled Jin the same manner, on the other. The Klng*B Sceptre, with the Dove, is a • sceptre of gold, in length 3ft 7in., 3in. in circumferenco at the handle, and 2%in. round the top. The pommel is decorated. ■ with a circle or fillet of table diamonds, . and in several places with precious stones of all sorts, and the mound at the top ' is embellished with a band or fillet of rotse diamonds. Upon the mound is a Bmall Jerusalem cross, wherein is fixed a dove •with wings expanded, as tho emblem of ' mercy. The Orb, Mound, or Globe is a ball of : gold Gin. in diameter. It is encompassed ■with a band of tho same, embellished with roses of diamonds encircling other precious stones, and edged about with pearl. On the top Is a very large amethyst of a .violet or purple colour, nearly an inch and n-half in height, of an oval form, and which, being encompassed with four silver wires, becomes the pedestal of a splendid cross of gol&rttt;'-ffcUZ m height, and 3ln. in. breadth. setx very close .with diamonds, having in the middje a sappfilre on on.e_slde and an .emerald on the otlwr. It is also embellished wltbY four large' pearls in the angles .of the-crocs," hear.the centre, anil three more at the ends of H. The whole. height of the Orb and Cross is llln. ; The first, and principal diadem, denomi nated St. Edward's' Crown, far'so-called in commemoration of the ancient one which ■was kept in Wesjmfnater Abbey till the beginning of the Great Rebelllqn, wiien with the rest of the Regalia it was sacri ligeously carried away. It is a very rich Imperial Crown, embellished with pearls and precious etones of various kinds, a* diamonds, rubies, emeralds, and sapphires, with a mound of gold on the top of it, en . circled with a band of the same, em bellished also with precious stones, and upon the mound a cross of gold decorated In a similar manner, having three very : large oval pearls—one at the top of the cross, the other two pendant at the sides of It. This Crown 1b composed, as all those of England are, of four crosses and as many , fleur-de-lis, upon a rim or circle of gold, all embellished with precious stones, from ' the tops of which crosses arise four circular bars or arches, which meet at the top, and at the intersection is the pedestal whereon is fixed the mound. The cap within the Crown is of purple velvet, lined with white taffeta, and turned up with ermine thickly "powdered in three rows. THE AMPULLA AND ANOINTING SPOON. The Ampulla, which contains the holy oil, is in the form of an eagle, with the •wings expanded, standing on a pedestal, all of pure gold,, finely chased. The head 'unscrews at the middle of the neck for the convenience of putting in the oil, and the •yessel being entirely hollow, H is poured out into the spoon through the point of the beak. The weight of the whole Is 80s. or lOoz., and the cavity of the body Is capable of containing about 6oz. The 'Anointing Spoon Is likewise of pure gold, with four pearls set in the broadest part of the handle. The bowl of the spoon is finely chased both within and without, and by its extreme thinness appears to be very ancient. VALUE OF THE CROWN JEWELS. The ruby in the Crown of State was sixty years ago valued at £10,000, and the aqua marina which forms the mound was, and is, still more precious. When the notorious Colonel Blood had nearly succeeded in steal ' Ing the Crown from the Tower, the ruby fell in the struggle, and was not recovered for several days, when it was picked up by a poor old woman who was sweeping a cross- Ing. There are, of course, many other even more valuable jewels, but one illustration will be sufficient —namely, the Crown worn by the Queen Consort on her return to Westminster Hall. The value of the stones .ornamenting this were at the time given the following value : — Twenty diamonds round the circle, £1500 each £30,000 Two large centre diamonds, £2000 each 4,000 Fifty-four smaller diamonds placed at the angles of the former 100 Four crosses, each composed of twenty-five diamonds 12,000 Four large diamonds on the tops of the crosses 40,000 Twelve diamonds contained in the fleur do Us 10,000 Eighteen smaller diamond* con tained in the same 2,000 Pearls, diamonds, Ac, on the arches and crosses 10,000 141 diamonds on the mound 600 Twenty-six diamonds on the upper .cross ;.. 3,000 Two circles of pearls about the rim 800 111,900 KINGB-AT-ARMB. The dresses of the Kings-at-Arms, heralds, and pursuivants added considerable splen dour to the ceremonial of the coronation. The Kings-at-Arms wore tabards or surcoats of Vjßlv«t and cloth of gold, on which the royal- inclgnia are emblazoned. These Ufeards resembled sleeveless gowns in fora* but .were .furnished.with wings which folded over the armß. .' They also wore collars composed of links shaped like the letter S, made of silver gilt, with badges at tho centre, containing the shamrock, rose, and thistle, enamelled in their proper colours. They wore also entitled to wear coronets or plain circles of gold decorated with six teen upright leaves, eight of which were long and eight short. 