THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among tbe Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German, professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested bim at the time. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancint Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, hut he .noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. This, a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for donbt except that all the light you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, you credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a core, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from hiB experi ence ? Take an example:— " In the spring of 1888," writes our cor respondent, •' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and oat of sorts. At first my stomach was de ranged, my appatite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, eIbo bitter bile. Later ou I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of dis comfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took re lieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrnp, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradual!^ all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this tnedicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interest of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) G. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may he trne enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness who will answer let ters of enquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magi cal about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts ou the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspep sia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 