TOLL AM) L I had been mttingat mydeskfora frill hour, engaged in the laudable occu pation of doing nothing: to spite of my; trouble, 'what -wonder-then that I drifted off into reverie, and my thoughts tef verted to sadly plshsant retrospect? | Once more it was winter—the sunny New Orleans winter—and 'Will and I were together. I recalled the hoars passed in reading and writing andmu eic; the drives and walks and theaters. The most minnte and trivial incidents recurred to my mind, and 1 found my self smiling at the recollection of a cer tain long, narrow, phenomenally-idaxk passage or alleyway on Boyalhtreet, hp jwhich we glanced one night,andwhich Will, with his bright and quick sense of hnmor, immediately christened "Jack the Kipper's court." j This is not a sensational story that! am about to telL I warn my readers in advance that there, is:nothing.star-: filing or wildly romantao in it. Item start to finish it is a simple "ofartroe tale." And yet it was romantic , too. There was a tinge of romance, after all, when Will askedrge to become his wifia,! to manyhim hi secret. We hadbeen hefeetiifid for a year, and he was isr from'-strong. His health -was under mined, and a horrible fear" oppressed \ Mm that he would be taken away. In ] thefaime of bis manhood, with life and! hc^eahdjiappiness allhis,it wasanaw-j ful thought. "Constance," he said one night as we stood on the moonlit gallery, with its {uxuriant rose vines and the great yal ow roses clambering np to shake down their showers of fragrance in our faces, ,"my darling, be my wife nowl Why pionld we wait, dear one? There is noth ing between onr lives and happiness hat thebugbear of.poverty, and Ishall have a fortune when I am 80. I shall be 30 nest September,'Constance,ito-df I live." 1 'Something in the sweet, tender voice made'me glance up swiftlyinto the brave, dark eyes. Beautiful, tender eyes, ferhere axe yon now? Where are yon today, O Will? Hidden' away forever"! from the sight of my eyes,from beyond, thaolasp of my arms—gone, gone—Ifeel believe it—to that . veiled, bright world, the glad ghosts meet. Something in bis voice made my heart j ache. "Why do yon speak so sadly?" I asked | him. "Never mind the fortune,""Will. | I care nothing for that, if yon axe only, spared to me." , J "I* know it, dear, tender little heart," ! he answered softly. "Youare the only j \- true .woman in the worid,: Constance, But l wanted to tell "you (l am supeirstt-; timiB, I admit it) it was prophesied that7 J Jnhalfdie before l am 80.' ■ .'"Nonsensel" I cried stordily, "that ia sheer. miperstaMon, and it is very wrong to believe in it, dear. No one knows the fil&ire.; I would never think of that again-if I were yon." theitim^s.i'pelingthat wotfldbppr® me,! fey as I might--Snt aHfoivhln, Ylji beforeSOI My tone hearted, l»<dil®Wfi with his sunny, smile' ahd tender dar eyeel 1 would not believe it. It wr abBurd. So I laughed at his fears t foolishness and tried to make him to get. But he was far from strong, an that one glimpse of what might lie i store for ub—the awful parting tin might come—made me decide. So promised that night to become his wii at once and "in secret and silence," r the old song says. *, Everything was made ready, and o the following night—the night before Ir departure—we were quietly married i a quaint little old church in one of. tb retired streets of New Orleans. An •Will and £ belonged to each other to time and eternity. i- The sad parting came next day—an he went back to his northern harm while I returned tomy work, brightens only by the hope of meeting in the sun mer at quiet Long Beach, i I am . not a superstitious woman, had laughed at Will for his own diea of the supernatural and his belief in prophecy, bat we had not hem parte —a~whule^6nthwhensdmetfaipg verycc rions happened. Will had. written torn every day, such dear, sweet letters tha they did my heart good—keptit alive, i fact. But for those letters I would have give up my hold upon hope and would hav succumbed to despair. • But one day no letter came. I felt strange sinking at the heart—an awto sense of depression; darkness gat here over my life. Suspense—hope deferrec these, are tbe two emotions which serv to kill the human. heart, to darken an \- blight existence. Thatnightl went or on the little gallery where we hadpasi ed so many, happy hours. The moo • was bright, and one star shone in to blue vault above my head—one that Wt had long ago.designated "our star." H theart was crushed and heavy. 1 stood leaning against one of the co urns which supported the gallery, tb scent of the roses that he loved floatin all around me. And as I stood then something—a light touch—fell upon m ehoulder, A cold breeze crept over my cheofc,like a breath from the grave. I toraed zny eyes, and there before me U^eopld moonlight stood "Will—my husband. -^pithp wfldincrednlotiB cry of delight are. I flung my arms about Wth graspcmpty airl No .one was Tfl'was gone! the gallery floor and lay there 1 woman. opened my eyes, the moon, was .own upon me, just as calm and eotd^^^ ihiperial as ever. I struggled to Afljiying posture and gazed wildly "What did it mean? I was J^^hI superstitious, yet 1 felt that I XoiifpeQ myfrusbahd-that night, just as .triflylmjlhad ever beheld bis face in my 1ifeg>Sf| fffieirsxt day—no letter, and the next, " ' Oh, the anguish of hope ! _ e had come now for me to go ij. Beach, as I had promised him. I wpnld^ heep my word—no matter how haifliSmight be, I would go there. If ierfaifhat Mdeons prophecy had really all events, I would keep ihy5pmiiiiEe--my: last -promise to him. y Oh, the long, dreary, inter jnlm'^'dayB.wiih dtdythe monotonous yf^^^p^ore mej the blue^lflue shyand golden-'hnnshine always' the same. It hiadetmy lieart: faint and rick. X had wi^^^d written letter after letter. Sjfiidyiid response. I frit that he was ft^^d n®> one could tell me, be I&weonld; his friends in the far itJnofth know aught of Hie south *^|i^&&^hom -he had secretly wed .ded??|aSd' sb" the dreary, endless days by, smdl^fllllived, heartbroken and¥hlSy?lesB. I will never morelaugb atri^&tition;, never. I eaw him again< I had n _•! . rr - » ja. andwalked riowly end' sadly up and down.^m wlute' stretch of sand at the wat£jr$!e&g;£. All atones I saw another shadowmiugle with7 my own upon the moonlitbeach, I came to a halt and saw&iny.ride;—Will. ■ With a wild cry I attempted to grasp bis arm; but' there was jio one there. Twent back to .the house and passed the night In pacing 'up and down Hie floor like a mad woman. Today is his thirtieth birthday, or would ^have been.tut I feel7 that my dnrili^-ls ao morej'that the virions X haTOseen were warnings gent me of Us fate.. Wouid'Will have ceased to write < me—me—hie beloved one—if he were7 alive?21 -hriieve -that I shall see the plumtwih.ohce again, and then-^then-^d; shall g6, too, for I fed' that it is his' epiritthat has coma back for me. 80 I bavebeen sitting herein the morn ing riiniight thinking of the'pari. Can one yronder greatly that my pen lies idle and utterly refuses to produce the love tales of oHiers? Ts not my own love story as sada one ds I can ever write? I beargHie sound or wheels and glance listlessly from the open window at iny ride. . . A carriage has stopped before the gate.. Twomenaip assisting a third to alight.". They are bringing him slowly up thevralk to the'liouse. He is evi dently 7 ve^y ill. "Why does my heart throb io weakly? I am too weak to stand—$0 take a . step forward. Oh, I will not allow myself to be deceived by mad, vain hopes! . They, reach the house at last and as sist the feeble form hp the steps of the broad giallery Into my presence. Oh, flying heaven! ItiB,^Will—Will, pale and Epectxal, a weak, frail invalid, hut Will ril theisanie. It is some time before 1"fully recover from this trance of happi-; ness, and .then, the truth is made known, j Hehftdbeen very ill with brain fever. No! one ceroid write to me because they knew nothing of me ormyaddress, and he was .raving-im3e!mum.; Asjsoon as he was1 able to! attempt the' journey he had set out to return to me. j It waB all ended now—that dreary Separation. Upon his thirtieth birth day,oh, so happy and hopeful, myWiU had come back to me, never to leave me again! : "I shall never more laugh at any one for being superstitious," I said the next day, gazing into the deep, dark eyes of the loved one so happily restored to me. /"Thank heaven that my superstitious friars were not realized." I have never ibeen able to account for that strange illusion, To tbis day I can not make np my .mind what it was that X had seen. _ .. * \- But it was notWiU's ghost, and that: l iB au I care toKnow, after all. —Toronto 