CIIAPTER XXXL.:- OW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. That never-to-be- forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswnood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing all the land in living green. The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the King's Oak, her sketch book in her lap, the flicker ing lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy play ed at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Danger field, in the drawinlg rosm, played waltzes on the piano; and Ildy Cecil let books and pencils fall listlessly, and sat "last in memory's mazes." Eight months had ?assed . and one since that August clay w eh" Slr Arthur Tregenna had stood by her side at yon der sunny boudoir window. .Eight months since, in the liotel parlor, he. had pleaded with her to marry hlin-pleaded while all his heart was another's-plead ed, and In vain. They had met but once since then, and then how differentlyl Hle had gone abroad, and resumed his \wandering life. Before going, however. he had called upon Katherine-a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meet ing for both. Why he had gone he could hardly have told; some "spirit in his feet"-some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave Eng land for years without seeing lier. There was very little to say on either side-a mutual restraint held them-the inter view had been silent and short., He looked into the pale, grate, thoughtful face, Into the sad, large eyes, and knew more strongly than he had ever known it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was tile only one he ever had or ever would love. And knowing it he had left her. Was it not wisest? Earl Ruysland's daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all reparation she might .be, but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud-proud of his old lineage, his spotle.s name, his unstained descent. No whisper had.ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escut cheon? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter's fears-to play the ghost. She Iad acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wan dering over the world, striving to for get. . But forgetfulness would not come., "How is it under our control to love or not to love?" lie could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him, from his heart. The pale, wistful, face, the dark, sad eyes, followed him, .haunted him wherever he went. And Just three months after his departure there came to BMiss Dangerfleld a letter, post-marked Con stantinople, pouring forth all . his doubts, all his scruples, all his love-a full confession. He could not be happy without her-would she be' his wife ? Hter ainswer wa- a refusal. . "I would indeed be unworthy the great compliment you pay me," she wrotel, :L :'accepted. your generous of fer' ?tl(yip hasgope wropg froni first 't¢olast,; ll the?years that't are to come s'lii u:-too fewaP for :atonement. Sir Arthur Tregen'nit9 iwife must be above reproach. No ile in "the future shall lift the finger f' scorn, and say ihe, last of a noble line disgraced it by marryhlti me. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, that I can be your wife. But the know ledge that I once won a heart so true, so noble, -will brighten all my life" lie had written to her again, and she had answered, gently, but with unflinch ing resolution. Again he wrote, -again she r plied,and the correspondenice went on betw?een them. During. that winter long letters from every city in' Europe cameto btihe rdsideiice of Henry Otis, And so ~¶ey hardly knew how--they grew to understand one anither as they might neXer have done else. She learned, as thee' tnths went by, to look for the coming of those pleasant white-winged messeng4rs as gleams of-sunshine In her oober, ilr'b-colored life. As for him -ht . eagerly ' Sir Arthutr Tregennl received anid welcomed the re plies, only Sir Arthur Tregenn:a knew, . Lord Iluysland had gone abroad. There was uahsys a little amusement alnd gambitig at HRden-Baden and Hom burg. To Baden and Homburg the noble earl went. For Cecil, her home was still at Scanlwood-occasionally doing duty as govness, vice Miss Ilernestle, re signed. In London Iatherlne's was a busy lIf She had s tain:my music pupils as sh could attend, and she worked indefatlg | ably. Hei home in the Otis residene was a peaceful. a pleasant one. No mother could have loved her more ten derly than Mrs Oils; no' brother half so well as Henry Otis. She had her foreign letters, too, grawing strangely precious, and as winter warmed inta spring there was a sudden and most unlosked-for visit from their writer. "In the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love." Well, not quite that, perhaps-Sir Arthur's thoughts turned lightly up;n 'ew\ things. least of all that. A great ltnging to see her, to hearher, had come upon hint far off in Africa. All one whlte Eastern night he lay awake. watching the yel low stars through the opening of his tent, and thinking of her. Next morn ing he started for. England. All the rest-his journeyiigs by sea and land--was but c. feverish ,'ream. un til the reality came, and he was stand ing in the little drawiungrnom at MIr Otis's holding her'hand, and looking In to the sweet, gravely thoughtful eyes. Was. she growing]i.ytutiful, 'hi wonder ed; was it only thli blindness and glamor of iv'e, "or--.nd.lhs was mast likely-' wasit the serene sw-etness of an altered life shining throught the.deep t.ey eyes? -Again ha pleade]--again she refused. "It cannot.be--it cannot! I)h, believe it, andiforget rie!; 1' It ipiipossible that I,'after all that i' iast, eait. ever marry!". "Alwfys the 1 ;-., ih.?;:Cried bitterly. "'Does-" all .your suffering, all your wrong. all youti-tosnemeo t go far rotil ing? If I can foErg't the ip.st, Katherine, surely you may?" "You forget it now. In.the years to come you imay be forced to remember it; and, a.t'our.wife, I din't.think I could hear that. ':m I. a scoun?rel in your eyes!" he' cried outi, a passion in his voice very new there, "that. havi'pg won you for my wife, I should ever.give you cause to re pent it?" "I did not.mean that. I think nothing of you hut what is generous and noble. If you repented, I-know' well I should never see it, if you could hlelp it; but I thinik I should see it for all that. She wieo was once Helen Herneastle' can never be Lady Tregenna." He turned sway from her-such keen, disappointment, such bitter pain, writ ten in his face, that hei.heart relented. She liked him so rtiuchl- sp much that she began to wonder, if the liking were not loving. It wa.s hirdly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love ashls should not beget love. . "Oh. forgive me,!' she pehitently cried. "if I have wounded you! Indeed, I.did not mean it! I do like you, but it is for your good, your happiness, I speak-can not you see that?" "I can see nothing but that without you ni' life will go wrong--will be utter ly miserable. Katherine,'I love you! What more can I say? Love me in re turn, and be my wife!" He held out his arms. For a moment she-stood irresolute-longing, yet dread ing to go, for his sake. "Come to me." he pleaded, "my bride \--my wife! Forget the past has-ever been-It shall never come between us! Come, and make the happiness of my life!" And then, as he enfolded'her. and her head fell on his shoulder,, Katherine knew that peace had found her out at last. (To he continued.) 