THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FORDHAM. By B. L. FAR J EON, Author ot' No. 119, Broat Porter Square,' 'Grif,' 'The Maroh ot Kate,' 'For the Defence,' ' Aaron the Jew,' etc CHAPTEB XXXIII. (C0NTIMJKD) 11 Now,' thought 1, ' what Is the meaning of ibis, and will it mika any difierenoe in Madame Loubcrt's behavior ?' It made a perceptible difference. Some thing had passed between her and the person in tbe inner room which bad put ber on her guard, and she waB watching me now as kecnlr re I was watching her. ' Madame Fordbam,' she remarked, with vcrcafon. ' Wbo is Matlume Fordbsm I' 1 answered. ' It mav be,' she said. 'Oh, vos, it may be ; but does one kuow all one's cuatomera ?' 'J bat would be difBcult,' 1 said, laugh, ing, ' vvilU such a connection us you have, madr-nic.' ' Vou nre right, monsieur, it would be difficult. Do you require anything more?' £hc°lut an arrow fly. ' ' I will een'd the articles home and the bill, if monsieur will kindly give me his address.' ' Jiincb obliged, maJanic,' was my reply ; ' 1 will |iay for them, aud take them with 6o tUc little passage nt anus ended, and 1 walked away just a trifle wis.T than I came, lor 1 bad learned that Madame Loubert did mil tlieire lo talk about John Forilusm's beliiud I lie green curtain who a'Bo had an interest in the matter. Had I deemed it Bufc 1 would linvc kupt watch for thai person oulfi.l.' Ma.lntne Loubert's shop, but I f.ll tli:il 1 wus dealing with a woman as clever as in.\B»lf, un.l 1 recognised the there was no help for it. The day bad been one of the busiest in to n cup of tea in my own private apart ment. During the meal I ivaB debating how the inciJeuts I have recorded could be turoeJ to advantage, when the landlady downstAirs who ins*stcd on seeing me. She did not like to let him up, she tnid, be was was the worse for liquor. JJutht would cot «go away. ' 1 ilid all 1 could, air,' said my landlady, '? but go lie wouldn't. ? Tell him it's Jack,' be said.' ' Jack I' I cried, interrupting her. ' Show liim in at oncj, aud don't Jet us be inter rupted ; 1 have business with him.' Much astonished, she departed on her errand, and the next minute Jack stood My first impression was that the landlady was right, and that Jack had been drinking. His face was as white as a sheet, his eyes glared, and his limbs shook like a man in a palsy. '? You're a pretty objtct,' I said, Bternly ; but lie did not seem to hear what I said. ' Cuv'nor,' he gasped, in n hoar6c voice, 'is that tea ? Will yer give mo a cup ? M.v throat's on fire.' ?' Well it might be,' I answered, rilling a dtp, ' but 1 6houl*l have thought brandy ba-i end, my lad.' Still he did not seem to understand me, but took the cup with his euaking hands, holding it in both leBt it should Blip to the ground. Ae.it was, he Bpilled half of it before it reached his mouth. I took the cup from him, and placing it on the table ' Nosr, what is the meaning of this ? How dare you come here in Buch a state 1' ho croaked. ' 1 Bhall be better in a minute. Yer think I've been drinkin'. Yer was this nlornin', but 1 'ope } may drop down dead if auother drop 'as pass*d my lips the *ole o£ this blessed day. I've 'ad a scare, guv'nor — I've 'ad a scare.' He dropped hia voice, ami bending forward, said '. ' Did yer ever sec a ghost f' ' Not that J'm aware of, Jack, ¥ou look 'l''ave, guv'nor.' 'Ah,' said I, becoming interested, in spite of my suspicion that he was drunk, his manner was so earnest, ' whose ghost ?' ' Tbe ghost of 'im as wos murdered,' )jw answered. *' The ghost of Louis Fordham.' ' You arc dreaming, Jack,' I saiJ, staring at him. *' Not me, guv'nor I'm wide awake, I am. Oh I' He gave a sudden ata.it, and turned his bead over bis ehoulder, aa thoogh a spirit was standing behind him. ' Yon sec one now, perhaps,' 1 said. 'Ko, guv'nor, but I don't kuow as 'a mightn't appear in thia room. Is there aech things, or am 1 goin' mad ?' ' Not unlikely, Jact, when you come to me with eucn a cock and bull story. 1 re collect your aiying that you'd Been the murdered man lying on a green fie'd and on a billaTd table. This Is something of the same sort, I euppoB-.' '-Ho gnv'nor, that was a wUion, and 1 knew It wasn't real. But this wos. J touched it aB it pooEcd.v 'Oi, it passid you, did it I Gome, my man, let n- have the whole ot it; 1 may understand it better then. Where were you what time of the day wai it, sud In what aliapc did it app.ar to you !' 'Too ehapo wot 'ie own, and the time o' the day wos four thia arternoon, and the place wca Ficcblcy Boad.' ' Go on, Jack,' I said, seeing that he believed in it.' 'I woa out with the batter,' he coi tinned, 'and waa bargainin' with a lady for daisies. There they wob on the pave ment, and she and me lookin' at Vm. Aa 1 aioopcd lo pick up a pot, eomethink brushed by me. We Usuohcd each other. Lookin, up I sor Louis, and tbe pop dropped from my 'and' ' Did yon go after him?' ' He go arter 'im ! £'d 'avc roo a 'ondred miles tbe other way.' 'Did he vanish ia bjae flamee, Jaoki?' '? But consider, my lad. The man ie deid.' ' Don't I know it 7' cried Jack, aa If my remark ixuperated him. 'Is it likely I ehould 'ave come to yon if 'e'd been alive V ' You looked up at him, you say. Did he look down at you ?' ' Ko, guv'nor, not that I noticed. D'yer think I've been roakin' up the story !' ?? No, I don't think that, because there's nothing to gain by It. What i do J.l)ink is that j ou've been scared bv seeing someone have been liangei upon such evidenco.' 'Guv'nor,' falil Jack, impressirelv, 'it woa 'im, 1 tell yer. There wob 'is 'eight, there wos 'is build, and there woh the sear on 'is fore'ead. 1 11 take my Bible oath it ' Ksvn this scar may be on the other man's forehead,' f piTEisted. ' There have been have aworu to the identity ,pf a uisn who was being tricil for a crime of wliuj/kc was ac innocent as I am, have swoni to his voice an-i the color of his eyes and hair to secret marks upon bis person, to a missing tooth, to the peculiar shape of hia Ungors, and he has bflcc condemned upon their evidence. Only after bib dej^fc has it been discovered that tbe wrongman hari been Lenred. Wivts tUems-'lvca have been taken' inf aud ht-ve lived for years with men they bc'ijved to be tbeir busbande. Gp, borne Jack, and tbiuk of these casea, much m£re wonderful than I your »;?W«Jt»l rescmblinee, and don't majie a fool of yourself '' I might as well have spoken to a stone. Jack was not to be argued out of Mb fright, aud that It was genuine 'was proved by ihc startled looks he cast behind him from time to time. A gentle tap at the door sent bis heart into his mouth. It wasniy lanalaily, wbo came with a parcel that had been left tor me by a lady, wbo vriehsd to baud it to me bereclf, but was told 1 waa engaged and could not be diatnrbed. Aa I had exbausled all my argument* upon Jack, aad aa he did not B?em in a hurry to go, 1 opened the par cel in hie presence, and drew ont the cabinet portrait ot lira Barlow'a miBsingsjn, which ehc bad piomiscd to bricg to my lolgingd. ' Bend 1 may lire, gnr'nor J' cried Jack, peering at it over uiy ehoalder, hia eyes al most staring out of his head, ' where did you get that from?' ' It's the picture of a misalnc man, Jack,' I replied, ' who has hod a lamp of money h f c to him, 1 want to lay my hands on him,' It wag then that I noticed the strange expression on Jack'c face, and 1 added jokingly, ' It Isn't a ghost?' ' No, It Met a ghost,' he Mid, « It'i Hdj-', g»n,' *' Bforgan f' 1 cxclalmri*. *€ Your card* Bhaniug Liverpool friend!' ? ' Thata 'im guv'aor. A lump o' money left 'im 1 . Why dont *e come and collar it ?' 11 Are yon auro yon are not mistaken,' 1 asked. ' 'Off could I be mietook 1' ho demanded, ' WoBn't 'im and me together day/md night (or weekB and wcekBl I'd awear to him among a 'anderd.' , . pi^ Reluctant us I was to take Jack's word for Louis' ghost, 1 could not dispute wlth'hlm aB to Morgan's portrait. It wal long btfore I CJuldget^idof him, and he went away. «a firmly convlnoed of one as he was of the oilier. In such poBitive terms did he --x- preBB his couvictton on thD former BubJ ct that U 1 were not a nurd-treaded pricttcsl man, with very little Bcnllment In my nature, it It quite on tbe ciris (hat be wonld have ahakeu my belief that he wsa laboring under some monstrous delusion in respect tit the mutdercl man. At the SR.U1Q time I cjofisi bjing cnrloua about Louie* '' double,' and to having a desire to see Mm with my own eycB. It wm for this reason, on the Qhanca of being gratified, that I mads an appoint mcDt lo accompany Jack next day . in his peregrinations through the N.W. district, In the disgaiec of a brother coster, rae^oar of appointment wnB noou, ' ^' - Meanwhile, there wa^ much lo think of, much to do. Fortunately X am a healthy Bleep, or 1 should never have got througb wlthU. M. There wan in my mind the design, not yet tboroaehlj planned out, of hiving LonU' body exhumed, ia order that its identity might be established beyond the possibility of donbt. TbiB would effectually dispope of Jack'fl fancies, vhlcb, after further reflcc tiin, I set down to the .slings of conscience, and as properly belonging to that form of creation which had conjured up tire vision oE Louib' body lying on a billiard cloth, an? oa green fiulde. To establish this identity witotⅈ* would be required. I could give evidence as to the ecar upon the forehead, bat only from what I had been told ; it wonld be secondary evidence, and therefore not ad ml eel bio. i mentally ran through the names of tbe witnesses whose evidence from personal knowledge would be of valnc. John ForJham for one- Though it might tell aeainat him self, be wonld he ready and willing to testify. 1 needed nothing to con Hble nan wbo wonld not palLer with his canEcicnce even though It added to the peril in which be stood* Then Jsck, Bat it would bring Mm into danger. A far din* -rent character he from Fordham. Be wo aid be dragged forward against hiB will, and ia these circumstances bis words could not be depended upon. In the present aspect of the affair his was the only evidence npon which Fordham'e inno lkvlne himself to be in danger, such a man as Jack would be capable of anything ; ho might deny all that he had admitted, he might even coococt a story which would throw the entire pnilt upon the m&n; 1 was trying to save, Therefore Jack's evidence upon this question of identity could not be reckoned wlih just now. For a time, at least, it must be s=t aside. Then Louie1 mother. But her son's name had appeared in tho papers as that of tbe man whom, by Fordbsm 'a conJefB:on, he bad murdered. It maet not be forgotten that 1 was convinced she was living. That beicg so, why was &ha; silent? why had ahe re mained in biding? That was oae of the unanswered questions in the mystery. Then Maxwell. Alto in Li ling. He, of all who weru associated in tbe mystery, was the least likely to come forward of his own free will. Then Morgan— At his name my rcfUctionB were diverted Into another channel. Three thoosind pounds waB a handBome sum— a God -seed to Fachamin. Why had he net claimed it T There wts more than one anBwer to the question. Be might not be aware of his uncle's death ; te hiB own mother did not know his bddreiH the Bolicitore to the will migbt be dead ; he might have hit the country. If he were living would my ad vertisement in the personal columns of the newspapers be successful in. unearthing him ? chances of success it I advertised for him in his assumed name, and 1 drew out the tol- advertisement :— ' A Iturgd Bum of Money has been Be qaL-athcd to ? ? ?? r' Morpatj, who 1b supposed to have been residing in Liverpool, where he was seen about a year ago {fall .particular? will be given to him upon application to Paul Godfrey, 719 Buckingham Palace road.' To reduce thechanoe of receiving letters from every Morgan in the kingdom, 1 wrote to Mrs B*r)ow, nqnettiDg her to give me the date of her son's birth, his age, and whether he had any marks on his person by wbicb be could be identified, Though it is running ahead of my narrative, 1 may stale here that Mrs Barlow supplied me with the date of her son's birth aud his age (which particulars I inserted in the advertisement), and icformed me that there were two marks on him wbicb would render identification eesy—a largo mole on his left Bide, a little above the hip, aud a peculiar formation in the toe next to the big toe on bis right foot. It was bent completely under, she sail, Btd presented the appearance of having been cut clean off at the joint. 1 weiii out at 11 o'clock that night to pisi my letters to Mrs Barlow, and wasreturnicg hom?, deep in thought, when a 'hand waB laid on my ehonlder. ' G.oi evening', Godfrey ' The voias was Wliei.^ fe, like myself s pi ivatc detective, with whom I had worked on two or three casts. There waB a talk of our going into partnership, bat it had not yet come to a head. There are few smartjT men than Wheeler. 'Good evening,' 1 said, and immediately began to aone.d*r whether he conld be of use to me. ' Anything stirring ?' ' Well,' he answered, '1 was coming to ' VYhatabontT' Instead of giving me a direct answer, he be'gan to langh, and said, ' You were in 6oho this evoaiog.' ~ *iHatio,'feald-I, intercflted Immedialcly, 'there's something in the wind. Did }ou sec mo there?' ' Ho, but I saw yen coming into ^?icestcr Sfluaro.' '' ' ' '' Hov did foy &id; me ont^' ^ asked, lather nettled.' 'I thosght Qf' iJiB^uiBC a good one,' ' So it was, There isn't one in a thousand who would have reeogulacd you. I happen to ho tbat one. You s« QoJf rcy, when yon are thinking cf something very particular, you have a naaty habit of stroking your chin tvitb the middle finger of yonr right bind.' ' Qood.' aald I, ' you will nover catch me doing that again when lam aomebQir else, Well I' ' Beting that, I tuokapeelal nptige utyou, and follon-ed yoa home ta make care, yhea you Btopp^d at 719 Buckingham Palace-road, and let jouiBclf in, 1 was satlittcd it was you.' ?' There's nothing Tery smart lu that.' ' I don't aay there is. t kept mjeclf out of eigh', for a rcisou i ou'U appreciate.' ' Out with it.' ' I wam't the only one who waB f ollonlcg you.' {lo Dp Co^tisoed Next Wednesday.) Ijord George Hamilton, speakifg at Ohis wick, dealt chiefly with the famine in India, lie said that the area now affected con'aincd 36,000,000 people, and as many niora were threatened. He looked forward with coi fHcncetc the eftorlsof the lodian Govern-, menr, galdcl} by pzpl e^perienoe, to oombat the calamity. They bad effeoted enormous improvements In the 'organiaalion and difl. trlbatlbnof reHe£,:and tbe arrangementa tor iogi eeppUas from abroad were pomplete/ A force, compowd of BOO picked menlrom tbe 10th Anamcie Brglment, has beep col lected at 'Beven Fagodu to scive as an escort for Colonel Fenntqnln, who haB been appointed Frecch Oommijiioner for the delimitation o[ its tjo« birders. It is not expected, howcrer, that moth progress will be made tbis year, Plan Bien Fhu on the Laos border being named as tha probable limit of operation*, and life work will conse quently have to be renewed in the coH season of 1SB7-08. Jewelled glovts are tbe newest addition to the glitteri'.g toibt of rich soclel.v I'niucs in America who have more monuj' that good tasT:, It^sa't 'good form' to wear rings outside aau'd glores, great tliougli Mie temp tation may be to tUeul, Tliti'cforc th; new fashion has coojc io the nature of a com ? promise. The glove is made of fine au -de, and is usually light in color, tau, whiti, pearl, or some evening shade. Geins of some sort, usually diamonds, outline each ?earn, aud are thickly get to Imitate the Hitching os lie back, ' 