SAYINGS AND DOINGS The Archbishop's Coaeh- lan, Queen Elizabeth's GbesL A Queen Epitaph- Useful Reporters Ilcey; Fader, doy /say dot diamonds can be made out. of coal. " How is dot? Fader: "Veil, I guess dey do It by givin' short weight uhdt schargln' big prices.'' Miss.' Karson:, "I suppose that ' you dominies take. a great many notes for your sermqns,; do you ,not?.'.' Domlnltt "wen,,1 when the v trustees can't pay thi) cash we sometimes have :to take them, or else go broke." " The. Canadian aoVernment . is about to expend 10, 000, OOOdol; in bnlarging the canal system -.between-,. -.Lalce' ".'Superior and Mohtreal. ; -A:; substantlal'-freaue- tion iivwhearifrelghts is expected to re- -suit, .from-. ;the improved means' of com munication.' ' _Two. Turks were at a.Frencli banquet. Towards. tlie conclusion- of,Y'he -feast a Frenchman selected a tooth-pick from the tray near him, and politely passed the tray on to his neighbour, who, how ever, peremptorily declined tlie offer, oxclairriing, "No, thank you ivl, have al ready-eaten two of the accursed things and I want no. more!"-;-- Magdalen College, OXfordUhas refus ed to accept a tablet to Gibbon, the historian, who wjx's a student there. Gibbon had a very low opinion of his college, and left on record 140 yeai-s' ago that life there Vstagnated iri a round of college business, Tory - politics, personal stories and private scandal." Mr. Morris K. Jesup, president of the American Museum of Natural His- tory, is fitting out ail elaborate anthro pological expedition to undertake a seven years' tour for the study of pre historic man in all, parts- Of the world, at. a cost estimated at over-' CO.OOOdoi. It will (says "Nature") be the most elaborate' and best equipped' expedition ever sent out in' the interests of anthro pology. Mr. Jesup has already done much for scientific research. The vestry cierk at Chatham (Eng.)' found himself in a dilemma, at a paro chial, meeting lately/ Fbur report ers attended- in their1'" professional capacity, but there was "orily one other ratepayer present besides' the solicitor. Responding to the invitation of the ves try clerk, one of tlie reporters took the chair, and his colleagues proposed, sec onded and carried the resolutions. The business related chiefly, to tlie appoint ment of overseers of the poor for the ensuing year. A curious epitaph is to he seen on a' tombstone in a cemetery in' one of the suburbs "of Paris, The slab marks the wife. The husband died first, and be neath the record of his" name .and de mise was placed, rit his request, .tha line:— "I am anxiously /awaiting you, July 30, 1827." Forty years later his de voted spouse followed him, and the following line completed the record on the stone: — "Here I am. September 9, 1867." 1 : Archbishop Tail's poachtnari was a very original character'.';" One day a clergymanl who called at the palace, asked him whether he still had as much to do as ever. The answer , was sub lime. "There's always a goodlsh bit doing, sir; but it has been ' a trifle easier since we took young Mr. Parry into the business." The Right Rev. Edward Parry had recently been ap pointed Bishop Suffragan of Dover. ' " — Matthew's' the' eide'r 'was' altfays' well dressed and carried a handsome um brella. Munden, on the contrary, who was miserly, used an old' cotton one. After lie had left the stage, Matthews met him one day in Covent Garden, and addressed him effusively: "I wish, old fellow, you'd let me -have some thing of' you: as " a ' reriiembrance." "Certainly, my dear . friend," returned Munden, wltli grveat presence of mind, "we'll exchange umbrellas." and he did so with much dexterity .(( "I don't believe Nellie cares much much for me," observed Dicky Doo- llttle disconsolately. ' "What's the matter now?" .queried his friend. "Well, you see, she bought a new clock tlie other day and put It . In the. par lour." "I wouldn't mind . that." "Oh, I didn't care for tlie clock. But when a little door opened at midnight and instead of a cuckoo a figure represent- j ing a . newsboy appealed and yelled 'Morning paper!' loud enough to waken the whole.family I thought it was time for me to say good-by forever." A lecturer at Dover. College has amus ed his audience considerably by the con jugation of a now verb. Life was too short, lie said, for sueli sentences as I "I am going to ride my motor-car this morning." There had long been the verb to "bike": there must now be the verb to "mote." The active voice, pre sent tense, rah somewhat thus: "I mote, tliou stokest-, he looks out for the police, we're getting on; you run us into a lamp post; they pay the dam ages." The inoperative ran: "Mote me by moonlight alone," arid "Mote yc, or perish In "thq attempt." The present subjunctive was: "I may rhqte; thoti , m ay est buy me a motor, he may think better of It."— "Daily News.", A lithographic- establishment 'recently rdeeived from a-ciistonier a formal cir cular announcing the death of the head of the firm. It was given to' a clerk with instructions to write a letter of condol ence in reply, and this is what lie sent;- We arc greatly pained to learn of the loss sustained by- your firm, and extend to you our heartiest sympathy. notice the circular you send usannounc- ing Mr. — — 's death is lithographed l»V Messrs. . We l'egret that you did not see your way to let us estimate for the printing of the same. The next time there is a. bereaVement: in- your house we shall be- glad.-to-quot-e >you- for the lithographic circulars, and arc confident that we can give you better work m jess cost than anybody, else »in the busi ness. Trusting: that we may soon have an opportunity/of quotlngyou our prlcM we remain, with profound" sympathy- yours truly,- — -. Need we mention, asks the "Globe,!' that this "profound sympathy" was "made in Germany? , The absurd stories which apppar to be believed in France ; as to ; .the terror which lias seized upon all /tli'e inliaui- t'ants of Windsor Castle by the influx of ghostly visitants have 'afforded niu (umisomont to readers of the London papers. . The fact' remains, lioivevcr, that one person, at least, has seen -1 vtry. queer appearance indeed In tlie 0" brary of the Castle, . and expert opiu"1'1- in tlie shape of Mr. Holmes, the libra" rlan, puts it down to the. shade of Qucr" Elizabeth/ According to" the story the "Daily Mail," Lieut. Glyn u'a,s,s1;/ H ting In the library reading the "Ilisto'T of Dorsetshire"— not a very, eerie vol'1' when ho saw a lady dressed in blace. p and with black lace upon her lieud, wau- p past him and - go Into an .inner roon- p Froni-this room there Is no exit, thouF . there' Used to be onq In Queen EUZ" beth's day; but, when the attenuan p came to close the. rooms; no lady be found. We confess that .the Identjj p cation of the lady, in question u" Quean Elizabeth seeiris to us little lu ty, but it appears to .baa-' tradition t" .... these particular apartments are fiau p ted by tlie shade of Gloriana, so that , , conclusion is, at any rate, a very n?' ' ral one. Certainly, .if that ill«sl.rS ghost "walked"- anywhere, we snou p suppose that it would be In, W ' nf H Castle, where the ' shadows . p her glories .still -remain; , 'n' H If (lie Castle, were haunted nt Vj we should naturally expect U'j1' s, spirit would turn out to'be one of l_"u / tenacious Tudora, , . , " 