IMPERIAL FEDERATION, OR BRITANNIC CONFEDERATION. [FOB THE MISTEB.] D. M'K. M. There can be no doubt as to the question of Federation being at present. " in the air." The splendid reception given to the colonial Premiers during the Diamond Jubilee rejoicings just brought to a close, must have somewhat astonished the old crusted Tory aristocracy of the Motherland, while the striking attention shown to Mr G. H. Beid has certainly raised the most fearless and outspoken of the visiting Premiers very high in the estimation of ail true Australians. The Premier of the mother colony has shown in his speeches statesmanlike qualities, that were warmly reciprocated by the greatest statesman of this or any other age—William Ewart Gladstone. Once again has the ghost of that absurdity and dreamland spectre known as Imperial Federation been brought before the political footlights. The resuscitation has been accomplished by Mr. Joseph Chamberlain of Brummagen " notoriety and Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies. The member for Birmingham has ambitious desires of no ordinary kind, and if the honorable gentleman had been kept under the correcting influence of less cocciliatory leaders, he would without doubt have, in time, become a powerful factor in the closer welding of the British Empire, but already there are signs that his political jugglery has "o'erleaped itself," and Joseph has only played into the hands of Royal Chartered freebooters and Hebrew exploiters. But not altogether checkmated in the career, he has mapped out for himself, Mr Chamberlain has initiated another new fad known as AN IMPERIAL ZOLLVEBEIK, or Imperial Federation in newer but still ghostly habiliments. Mr Chamberlain takes it for granted that the great mass of the population in Australasia are as loyal to the Throne as, say, Sir John Forrest or Sir E. Braddon, two Premiers who have only recently doffed their political swaddling clothes and thrown aside their political sucking bottles. Whether the early settlement of the colonies represented by the gentlemen referred to was superior to that of the more democratic colonies, history can answer. Now let us look into the question as to the alleged loyalty of Australians—I refer to the great mass of the people— and it will be found that such intense loyalty only exists in the hazy minds of those who gain their knowledge of Australasian loyalty within the portals of the different gubernatorial mansions in the different colonies. The loyalty of Australians is insisted upon in portions of the United Kingdom, and in the supperrooms of our Government houses so continually—with such apparent almost nervcus anxiety to establish it—that this fact should in itself be understood as indicating a state of things somewhat other than that desired. Nothing does more barm than English action based upon false notions of colonial feelings. About two or three years ago a procession, headed by a military band, marched through a populous centre in New Zealand to celebrate the Queen's Birthday and much to the horror of one or two royalists the band struck up not the musical " God Save the Queen," but the sonlstirring " Marseillaise." On the arrival of the now deceased Governor Duff at Sydney he drove through tens of thousands of spectators, and as the different bands struck up the National Anthem ihe people were asked by the military and police to uncover their heads—not a hat came off. So much for devoted loyalty to the Throne. Imperial Federation Sir Samuel Griffiths regards " as impossible of achievement, snd he felt doubtful of the colonies retaining their present 'loyalty' to Great Britain unless they received more consideration from the British Government." Sir Henry Taylor, " literateur " and poet, and for a life time Under-Secretary for the Colonies, has written :—" If the Colonies have any sentiment of attachment to England (which I doubt) it is one which is ready to be converted into ACTUAL ANIMOSITY on the slightest conflict of interest or interference with independent action." How prophetic are these words. When First Lord of the Admiralty Mr Goscben showed his hand in a recent interview with the visiting Premiers, how quick and unanimous was the determined opposition of the representatives of Australasia, relative to the Imperial control of the Australian squadron. Mr Goschen was only following in the footsteps of thesj " who said Mr Gladstone wished to rule the colonies by brute force." An absolute disregard of the national sentiment of smaller nationalities is part of t he English Tory nature, and conciliation is not one of the virtues for which Englishmen are famed. At a crowded meeting held in the town hall, Sydney, about two years ago, for the purpose of advocating federation of the colonics under the Crown, an amendment was moved that federation be advocated as the first step towards an Australian Republic. The amendment was put and carried by 4,000 against about 250 for the motion. Sydney is the capital of the colony whos« Premier, Mr Geo. Houston Reid, has opened " the rift within the lute" and brought to earth once more the "vaulting ambition" of Mr Joseph Chamberlain and his Utopian dieam. Further, as to the " intense " loyalty of the colonies, and their W UNDYING LOVE FOE GREAT BBITAIN," no severer blow could be administered to those who cherish the idea that colonists ajre always profoundly impressed with the "honor" of being dependencies of Britain than the following telegraphic report (from "The Times") of the National Liberal Con- vention, held at Ottawa, the capital of Canada, in June, 1895. Speaking to the principal resolution, the Hon Wilfred Laurier (now the Right Hon Sir Wilfred) said : " He was loyal to Great Britain, but his first duty was <o Canada. If the interests of Great Britain and Canada clashed, he must stand by his native land." (An incidental reference to Mr Gladstone provoked tremendous cheering.) " There were " (said Mr Laurier) "three possible futures for Canada. First, 'Union with Great Britain.' (This was received in silence.) "Second. with ' Independence.'" the United States." (Cheering.) (More cheering.) " Union I British and Canadian interests clashed in S those days. Now, as to Imperial Federation, it must be relegated to a place altogether ouside of the dominion of practical politics. It is simply THE DBEAM OF VISIONARIES. and the nightmare of crude political thought. " On the principle that language was given man to conceal his real thoughts, Imperial Federation" said Professor Freeman, " is surely the wisest name ever thought of. On any other principle it is surely the most foolish. For it is absolutely without meaning ; it is a contradiction in terms. ' Empire' implies the rule of some person or power over some other : ' Federal' implies the union of certain powers or communities presumably on equal terms. What is imperial cannot be federal, and what is federal cannot be imperial." A confederation of tbe Queen's dominions, especially if it be called "imperial," c-mnot shut out the Empire of India, and if that be let in, the European white Christian—however we choose to distinguish them— part of Her Majesty's subjects will be a small minority iu the confederation of Great Britain. Canada, Australasia, and South Africa will always be outvoted by the great- mass of their Asiatic dark- skinned Hindu, Parsee, and Mohommedan fellowsubjects, and the place of meeting for such a confederation cannot be Westminster, Ottawa, Sydney, Melbourne. Cape Town, or Auckland ; it must be Delhi, or anywhere that the Asiatic majority may think good. Is this what anybody in the United Kingdom or in 8ny English-speaking colony wishes for ? The answer comes emphatically. " No !" But Imperial Federation defined as a federation of the Queen's dominions either means this or it means nothing. It is easy to preach the doctrine of Imperial Federation. This is unquestionably the reason why the entire question has so long hung fire. Perhaps no question of modern times has more generally engaged the attention of politicians than the abstract idea of drawing together more closely THE ILL-DEFINED RELAXED BONDS of British race unity. Our ablest writers have discussed it, our best orators have waxed eloquent over it, an influential league had for years advocated it, and strove to keep it prominently before the public mind. And yet the great cause has made but little real progress. Neither the Home nor the Colonial public has caught on. And this, mainly, because no one knows exactly what it exactly means, or how it can possibly be brought about. Thus while separation from the Mother Country, as the one alternative has an eventuality realized as probable by all the colonies, definite federal union with her as the other niternative, has hitherto never assumed a tangible shape capable of serious discussion. It always has been generally recognised that senile and effete British conservatism had nothing in common with the aspirations of either British or Colonial democracies. The freer the colonies are from the Imperial control the more do they advance. While these were under Crown Government progress was unknown, while progress and prosperity were conterminous with Responsible Government. Reasoning thus by analogy it can be assumed that if these colonies were altogether free and independent, Australasia would advance with grand strides on ;the road that would ultimately lead to the dawn of an era of the highest progressive development. A burglary, the highest on record, lias just been committed in Paris. The thief worked his way up the Eiffel Tower and broke open the safes of the theatre and restaurant there. Unfortunately for himself, he also managed to open the room where the liquors were kept. He got intoxicated, fell asleep, and was found in the morning. The record number of bridesmaids was that of Lady Cecilia Howard's marriage to Mr C. H. Roberts, on April 7, 1891, when 176village school children, dressed in green caslimere frocks and white hats, trimmed with floral wreaths. Ifollowed the bride in procession to the church, the dresses and hats being the gift of the bride's mother, the Counters of Carlisle. In a letter to the London " Times," J. P. Goodridge, late of the Indian Civil Service, calls attention to the deposits of iron ore which occur in the meta-morphic rocks of Chanda in the • entral Provinces of India. The principal ore is hematite, but magnetite and limopite are also found in abundance. The most notable and accessible localities distant only a few miles frc-m the Great Indian Peninsular Railway at Warrora) are Lohora (or the iron mountain), whfre compact crystalline hematite of extreme purity, containing 70 per cent of metallic iron, fcrms an entire hill three-e r ghfs of a mile long and 120ft high ; Dewalgoan, where there is also a hill of hematite 250ft high; Pipalgaon, where there is an enormous amount of similar ore, with magnetic oxide; and Xatsnpur, where there is a very rich lode of biown iron, 40ft and 50ft thick in places. There are scorfs cf other places in the Chanda district, where immense deposits (practically unlimited) of hematite and magnetite are found, Their great value lies in the a'most to'al freedom of the ores from phosphorus. 1 he Chanda ores are less than 400 miles from Bombay. The railway which onnec's them with the coast is a guaran- teed line, and to some extent under the control of government, and wruld doubtless, in these dajB of tra !estagDa>.io;i, readily reduce its rates of carriage with a view !o the development of a profitable business. Freight from Bombay to London has fallen to 15B a ton, and is s fill falling. A consignment of hematite could tie brought from the Chanda district to the blast foresees in England within a month from it? extraction from tbe mines. Wages in India are t he lowest in the world. An unskilled laborer gets 2 annas for less than 4c.) a day, while those who have acquired some knowledge and experience in mining and in the na tive methods of manu- facturing iron ore are paid 8c. a day. The principal castes employed in the coal and iron traces are the .' g^rtyas and the aboriginal trifceB, especially the Gonds. Though needing European direction and supervision, they are steady, hardworking, docile, and by no means unintelligent. Their labour is both cheap and effective. The surrounding country is healthand Europeans h*ve li ed and kept their health for many years at the Warrora collie y, in she vicinity of Ihe iron deposits, in 1875 etjerimen'al trials were made to deterrcii e whether they could be smelted ou n c mm- rciul s :ala with the coal rais d in ttc same district. They were not successful, owing to the inferior quality of the coal for the purpose in hand. 