Like Ships on the Sea." AN INTERLUDE. By Anne Hamilton, Author op "Hugh's Revenge." We twain have met like ships upon the sea Tuat hold an hour's cnnTSi-se— so short, so sweet, One little hour 1 And then awny tiley speed On diverse paths, 'mid eland nnd mist and foam, To meet 110 mors. Chapter VII. Un the morning of a day, still early m tho New Year, quite a cavalcade filed through a ; ' gale leading from the Talonga run, and wound ' up a steep hill to the right. Everyone, host and hostess, children end guests, not to mention numerous doge, had been tempted by the beau- tiful weather, to make an expedition to tho Langi Falls, a distance of some 14 miles from Talonga. There was the great family waggonette, drawn by two powerful liayB, and containing tho colonel, his wife, Lady Weymouth, the two children, and Lance, who was in a decidedly sulky frame of mind at being condemned to drive " like a kid," when his soul longed after a certain black liorsc in the home paddock. But having some previous experience of the young man's proceedings when on horse back, and fearing the effect on his injured arm, tho colonel had decreed that Lance should drive to the picnic, or remain nt homo. Wounded dignity suggested following the latter course, but a day at the Langi Falls was a thing too much after Lance's heart to be lightly given up ; so lie sat on tlic front seat of the wag gonette, a grumbling, ill-used being, and growled ; until the fresh air, bright sunshine and inspiriting motion restored him to good temper. All the others were on horseback, led by Lord Weymouth and Miss Grant, who pushed 011 well in front. The sight of Charlie Royston at Dora's bridle rein (for these two were once more on moderately friendly terms) was too much for tho young noblemen ; eo, when Miss w. — .- — - w— ... .. --"O -'-'I he followed, and they wore soon half a mile ahead of the others. Harry was a splendid horsewomen, aiul ncver looked to mich advan tage as when mounted ; and, had Lord Wey mouth been less pre- occupicd he must havo ad mired the square seat and easy effect carriago of his companion. Once or twice she glanced at him with a wistfulness not often seen in her keen grey eyes, and seemed about to speak, hut checked herself with a sign. Faster and faster they went till the canter became a hand gallop. Trees, posts, rails Hew by, and n couple of miles were coveved before they drew rein or uttered a word. Then the descent to a bridge over ono of the numerous creeks which intersected tho 1 country caused them to slacken speed, and Lord I Woymouth turned to Harriet with a confused | laugh and murmured apologies. "I am very rude, Miss Grant, I quite for got " — then, seeing that ho was hardly im proving matters, he added hastily, "I think I am not quite my self this morning." "I dare say you arc feeling the heat," said Harriet kindly people generally do at first." - "But it ought not to make them forget good breeding, and I owe you an apology for my want of civility. Confess now, wlrat were you think ing about me ?' he asked, laughing. Somewhat to his Burprise Harriot colored, and turned tho subject by a remark on the creek they were crossing at that moment. But as they walked their horses slowly up the hill on the fiutlicr side, he returned to the charge. " " Miss Grant, I am a very curious man and want exceedingly to know what you were think- inn. nf (liii- in? our ride throuch the forest." " Curiosity ought not to be satisfied," replied Harriet. "Then I am perfectly certain that, if I had a place in your thoughts at all, thoy wore hard on' me." . " You must think what you please." " Unkind ! I had no idea you could bo eo tormenting." And then' Lord Woymouth, who had merely asked his first question for want of . something better to say, and because he felt that he must talk, Bet himself to tease and cateoliise liis companion till lie got what he wautcd. He implored her to tell him, declared that he would neither be able to cat nor sleep, dragged tho fact that she had been thinking of him from her, and tormented hor gonerally till ehe turned upon him and Baid quiotly : " I was thinking how ill and unhappy you looked, and wishing that I could help you." Lord Woymouth was sobered at once; the laugh died out of his eyes, aud tho teasing smile from his lips, and he said gravely, "You ore very kind." . . His tone was so cold aud formal that Harriet felt distressed, and as if Bho bad taken a liberty and displeased him. For a while no more was said, and the horses toiled on through heavy . sand; till, finding' the silence intolerable, Harriet eaid gently, ' " I have offended you." Tho j'oung man's brow bleared, and, with an effort, he throw off his vexation. "Indeed, no. It was quite my own fault for teaBing you so. But I have had a good deal on Copyright. bv mind lately, and it vexed me to think I bear tilings so badly that people notice I am worried. Come, Beaufort says you are as good as a doctor, prescribe for me." "I can. Bat yoa will not lite the prescrip tion." " liever mind tint, let as hare it." "It contains only two words." . "Arid they arc — ?" "Goliome." " "What 1 To England 1 Leave Australia ?' Harriet only nodded. \- "Bat — but Miss Grant, I — I — oh, confound it all! You know why I can't.' I really beg r your pardon," the last sentence in a different tone. " I know why you ought to." " I ilare say H would be better for me, and . all that, but 1 can't help hoping that there might be a chance yet. You don't think so, I see ? " Mo, I don't," raid Harriet, with e decision -a".-.;, that made him wince. '"I have known Dora Thornton for yea re, and studied her character, \- and I cannot honestly my that I think there is even the ghost of a chance for yon." v "But she ia not unkind to me," pleaded he with eagerness. . T , " > o , and that, to me, is the worst argument you could advance. If she cared ever so little j for you, her manner would lead you to think she detested yon. That is her nature." "I suppose a woman ongbt to understand women, nut I'm bothered if a man can," mut- \- tered the young gentleman gloomily. Shouts from behind now reached them ; and turning their horses on the crest of a hill, they \- waited for the others to come np ; and then . the whole party, tearing the main road, tnmed into the bush, and followed a randy track v, which wound tbrongh thickly timbered country, J \- almost impassable , to right or left of the track on account of the dense undergrowth. After \- a while the forest thinned, and they came ont upon a natural clearing, almost circular in a form. This space was covered with long yellow gtaBs .is dry as tinder, and dotted with a few enormous trees. These giants of the forest, Laving here free space to attain their fullest growth, towered up majestically to an almost incredible height. There was something even 1 weird in their aspect; despite the bine sky and bright sunshine, as they stood with their gnarled and twisted limbs, their etrange, wmspering, leafy crowns, and their rugged I i : .drapery of hark through which their white I 1 ' bodies gleamed. The Australians were used to j : them, and loved them ; but the young English man and his mother felt their peculiar influence and were even, forthe time, depressed by it. That feeling, however, soon wore off, in a -> . bustle of lighting a fire, spreading a cloth, and doing the hundred and one things which mo3t people never do "for themselves unless at a picnic — wherein, metbinks, lies the charm. ; Just as the water boiled, and Jack Hillis d care- fully removing the 'lid from an enormous . "billy," dropped in a muslin bag containing the tea, a shoutfrom Lance and a chorus of barks from the dogs called everyone's attention to the fact that some vehicle was approaching bv the same track along which tbey themselves had come. A few memento of suspense and conjecture, and then the ejaculation of "Good heavens 1" from the colonel, and "Oh, Tom!" from his" wife, followed by an irrepressible laugh from Hilliard and Charlie Boyston, spoke volumes to the initiated. And then Colonel Beaufort was stepping towards a large wag. gonftte, which, followed by a lighter vehicle, rame slowly into view. A confusion of voices and greetings followed, as one figure after another descended from the conveyances till eight or nine people were grouped about them. ""Whoare they?' asked Audrey of Hilliard, who bad just deposited the "billyv near her. "The Millers from Carbury They are de nouvcaux richu, and have only been at the station for a few yeare. Carbury belonged to the Greys, but they met with great reverses, and hod to sell it at a loss. They were dear old fnendB of ours — perhaps you have heard Helen speak of Minnie Grey ?— and it goes against tho gram to see the Miller set at Carbury. They are decent people enough in their own way. That \- is Mrs." Miller coming up with Tom now." Audrey saw a stout, common-place woman advancing, talking volubly to the colonel oe she bore down upon the group round the luncheon baskets, who, since the invasion, had ceased then- unpacking and stood or sat in various attitudes of interrupted activity. Audrey had time to notice that Mrs. Miller was by no means deficient in good looks of a certain kind. Her dark hair was abundant and unstreaked with grey, her teeth brilliantly white, and her color, though high, clear and healthy. She was drained in dark blue silk, richly trimmed with lace, and a blue. bonnet, decked with ostrich feathers, and looked moro fittingly attired for a garden party at Government House' than a picnic in the country. As she ncared the great tree under which the Talonga camp had been established, Mrs. Beau fort stepped forward to meet her, forming, in her pink cotton gown and shady straw hat, a sufficient contrast to the apjiroaching "fashion plate," as Lance dubbed her. - " How do you do, Mre. Miller?" said Helen. " I suppose you, like ourselves, have been ... tempted to take advantage of this lovely : weather ?' " Just so, Mrs. Beaufort. Tho girls bavo worried me eo bod that I gave in at last, and said that if they'd invite a few I'd see that tho . provisions was all right. They took mo at mv word, I can tell you, and here wo are." Ah she spoke her' eyes travelled past Mrs. Beaufort and glanced over the other ladies of the party, who, with tho exception of Dora, wero unknown tohor. Miss Thornton having been accorded an effusive greeting, Mrs. Miller turned her at tention to the men— shook hands warmly with Hilliard, and would have bestowed tho same fevor upon Charlie Boyston, who, however, managed to have liis hands fully occupied at that moment, and returned her " Delighted to" see you, Mr. Boyston," with a grave bow. "While Mrs. Miller greeted her acquaintances, Helen s eyes sought her husband's face, and an unspoken question and answer passed between them. " Must 1 5" the soft grey orbs pleaded. " You must," inexorably replied tho brown ones. Howovcr, Mrs. Beaufort may have iongsd to shirk her duty, she performed it heroically arid her invitation to Mrs. Miller to combine forces and lunch together was so graciously 6ivon that Jack conld hardly restrain an ap proving "Bravo I" Luncheon was, after all, a somewhat formal affair. The two jmrties amalgamated badly ;aud though Mrs. Miller, placed between Lady YVoymouth and the colonel, was wont in after days to refer to " our delightful picnio at tho Langi," she hardly enjoyed it at the time. She talked and lauglicd somewhat boisterously, and appeared to bo perfectly at her ease j but she felt that the dolicato looking old lady at her side possessed something whorein she, Mrs. Miller, of Carbury, was laoking, and that this same "something" was shared by Mrs. Beaufort and her friends. YVhilo tho eldor members of the party strovo to dissipate any feeling of con straint, the others woro not " behindhand in their efforts, though perhaps they hardly succeeded as welL Mrs. Miller's daughters (two handsome girls in costly embroidered muslin gowns) and their friends, though too much imbued with a sense of their own importance to be ehy, were evidently ill at ease, and aU were relieved when the meat came to an end and a general dis persion took place. The day was several hours older and the shadows were lengthening fast, when Lance strolled np to where Audley and Dora were seated on the trunk of a fallen tree, with Hilliard and Charlie on the graes at their feet. Before them at some little distance was the waterfall, , gleaming in the sunshine and spanned by its eternal rainbow. The Langi . was not very full just then, but there was sufficient water to make the cataract a beautiful sight as it leapt, in an unbroken arch, a height of over 12 feet, and plunged into the seething pool below. The ceaseless fall of the water and the never ending monotonous roar produced a sensation of dreamy peace, and silence had fallen on the little group— silence rudely broken by the ad vent of Lance. "Such a lark !" he ejaculated, as he perched himself by Audrey. "Morgan (the Millers' man, you know) told me just now that they beard we were going to have a picnic at the Langi to-day, and settled to come too, and join ns as if by accident. He heard Sirs. Miller and the old man talking about it." " Just like the old horror," murmured Mr. Boyston, and Jack laughed. - " He has never forgiven Mrs. Miller for a slight mistake she made some time ago," the latter explained, laughing again, and this time Dora's merry notes joined his. " YYhat was it?" asked Andrey. " One night," began Jack, raising bimsilf on his elbow and throwing tiny stones at his friend, u he and I were going to Talonga when my horse lost a shoe and went dead lame. He was a valuable creature, and I could .not- risk taking him on, so we tnrncd in at the Car- bnrv gates, got np to the house and ex plained matters. Somehow Mrs. Miller did not catch Boyston's name, (for, tbongh I knew her pretty well, he bad just returned from Queens land, and had not been at Carbury since the Greys left), end she took him for Carter, a Government surveyor, who was super intending the erection of a bridge over the Langi. A really nice fellow he was too, and a thorough gentlemen ; but the Millers had not the sense to see that, and never asked him np to the house all the time he was there, though old Miller used to go and yarn to him by the hour at the camp. By the way, how pleased Mrs. Miller would be if ehe knew he was a first cousin of Sir Harry YY oodrille, eh, Chailie?' A growl was Mr. Boyston's only reply to this remark, and Hilliard resumed. " Well, taking our friend here for Carter, as I said, Mrs. Miller was coolness itself to him, and overwhelmed me with civility. I could not understand it, for she so seldom spoke to Charlie that I did not notice her mistake, and he would not set her right. Old Miller was away that evening, or things would have been different, for he is cot a bad sort after all ; but, a3 it was, the girls took their cnefrom their mother, and poor Charlie, didn't put in a rosy time." "I preferred it to yours, anyway," inter jected that gentleman. "YTou can't possibly iinagine, Miss Heriot, how they went for him. It wee the most barefaced thing I ever taw. 'Laura, darling, perhaps Mr. Billiard wonld like yon to sing for him.' ' And then again, 'Fanny, tell Mr. Hilliard how you took them sketches. Girls, . move that sofa nearer the fire, its chill to-night, and perhaps Mr. Hilliard ! " , " Oh, do shut up, Charlie," broke in Jack, with a laugh, and a tinge of color showing on his bronzed face, as his. friend mimicked Mrs. Miller's pompons tones. " YVhat did you do while they were spoiling Mr. Hilliard ?' asked Audrey, when the general laugh had subsided. ' I ? Oh, Ifound a book I had been wanting to read, so I carried it off toa little table where there.was a lamp, and had a good time." " Then we had supper," Hilliard went on ; " and after that Mrs. Miller offered to show me my room. ' Come along, Charlie,' I said, and we both prepared to follow. Bat at that she hesitated a little, and finally said that she was afraid they could not accommodate Mr. Carter in the house, but there wa3a room at the over seer's, which . . . Then it downed on me. 'Indeed,- hire. Miller,' I said, we are awfully sorry to inconvenience you at all, but -Mr. Borston and I are far too old friends to mind Bearing the one room, and will manage to make ourselves comfortable.' You never saw such a change in anyone's face. as passed over lieFs when she grasped the situation." "Mr. Boyston," she gasped. "Yes, of Allendale, near Glen Allen," said I, piling on the agony. She tried her_ very best to make up for her previous behavior ; but, if she had been cool before, Charlie was a perfect icicle now; I never knew before tluit he was of each an nn forgiving disposition-. Yon had all better tnke warning," with a wicked look at Dora, who colored . faintly and fanned herself with her straw hat. "He wanted to insist on sleeping at the overseer's, but I mannged, with some trouble, to make him give up that idea, and as to 3Irs. Miller ! That woman's coolness is almost incredible 1 " and Jack paused, over come with admiration, or somo other feeling. . But cries of "Go on," "What did she do noxt?" roused him to continue his story. "If you can believe me," she stood for a second or two frowning and seeming rather flushed and embarrassed ; then she looked us both in the face, and made this remark, "If I didn't quite forget the- blue room; And its all ready for anyone who might chance to drop in 1 It will just do for Mr. Boyston." YYo were dumb. In the face of each a masterpiece of diplomacy neither of us had a word to ssfr ; and we were marched off to our respective rooms, and hidden an almost affeo- tionate good night. YY'e got away early the next morning, and from that day 'Charlie has given Mrs. Miller and Carbury a wide berth. ClIAITKtt VIII. " Six o'clock," remarked Dora, looking at her watch as Mr. Hilliard finished his story. "Beally ?.It is time we wero making tracks," eaid Charlie lazily, bnt without rising from his recumbent position, till the colonel's voice was heard in a coo-ee from among tho trees on the right. " Will some of yon come to help Martin with the horses?" he shouted, and tho young men sprang up with an answering call. " Audrey," esid Dora, "I wish you would come ob for as that little creek with me. There will be plenty of time before tho horses nro ready, aDd I want to get a root of that new fern" "Don't lose yourselves," called hack Boya-on, as he disappeared among the trees. " Don't teach your grandmother, muttered Mis3 Thornton. "Come, Audrey." They soon reached the -creek, but conld not find a good root of the fern, and Dora pressed on, seeking among the stones which were scat- tered thickly over the grass. "Dora dear, we had better not watt any lonser," at length Andrey remonstrated gently. "Oh, there is plenty of time; you are not used to the bosh yet, Audrey. Yon don t know how long the men will be over those horses. There, I really believe that is it at last, and she dartcd.on, leaping from stone to stone, and followed more cautiously by Audrey. She waa right. A splendid clomp of the fera nestled at the ride of a huge rocky mass, Tell ing the rough stone with its delicate fronds. Dora was delighted, and began to dig it up cure- fully with a huge clasp knife that she had borrowed from Martin. The operation took time, for the slender roots were twisted and interlaced among the stones, and Bhe waa anxious not to injure them. At last it was secured, and placed in a little basket and they turned to retrace their steps. . , "This way," said Dora, " we came between those two sbeoaks." " Oh, do you think so, Dora ? _ I thought it was that way," pointing in quite a different direction. ... " "Well, we can follow the creek until it joins the Langi, and then we shall know where . we are," responded Dora cheerfully. lint where was the creek ? unwittingly they had left the bank, and now, try how they would, could not be sure of where it lay. ( "Let me think a moment," eaid Dora ; we mnst have come a good way withot noticing it How long have we been ?" and she pulled cut her watch. " Audrey 1" she exclaimed, and the color left, her cheeks. "It is a quarter-past tevenf. " Oh, it can't be. ' Your watch must be wrong. I did not think it was more than half- post six. Dora shook her watch, turned it over and over, held it to her ear— in vain. The faithful little servant stubbornly refused to tell a false hood, and licked on steadily. " Wo must run for it. _ YVhat will they all think," gasped poor Dora, refusing to believe that she did not know in what direction to run ; and, taking one another's hands they began to make their way over the rough atones as fast as the broken nature of the ground permitted. After five minutes of breathless scrambling, they came upon more level ground ; and, thinking they recognised a particular tree, they pressed on valiantly— too spent now to run, hut walking at a rapid rate with panting breath and trem bling limbs. Suddenly, by a common instinct, they stopped. Bight before them towered a mighty tree— a very monarch among its fellows for height and girth, but blasted tmd blackened by the bco thing fire of the lightning flash which had scorched its life away, and left it a scat tered wreck, majestic even in its ruin. "It's noUEe pretending, Audrey; we never raw that tree before," eaid Dora in a voice which she vainly tried to steady.. "YVe are really lost, and it's aU my fault," and she sank down on the earth, and broke into passionate weeping. . "Don't, Dora, dear," cried ' Audrey, whose own lips were quivering ; " it is jnst as mnch my fault ; I ought to have been more careful, . and noticed where we were going." "Indeed, you shall not try to take the. blame," .exclaimed Dora impetuously, in the midst of her sobs ; "I got us into this scrape, and must just try to get us out again. I am a regular coward, too, crying like a baby, instead of thinking what to do. YY'ith an effort she choked back her sobs, rose to her feet, and, laying her hand kindly on Audrey's shoulder, saiu bravely, "After all, the worst that can happen to us is to spend the night here instead of in onr beds. YVe cannot be so very far from Langi Falls, and, if we stay where we are, tkey are sure to find us in a few hours." " Conld we not try to find our way back again?" \- " Better not. The grass is too short and dry for us to follow our footmarks, and we should only go round and round, and tire ourselves out. But I wonder they did not call us, or follow us before it got so late." Tho same thought was in Bliss Heriot's mind, although she had not formulated it ; and a de solate, " forgotten feeling crept over the two girls, strive as they would to shake it off. The truth was that when Charlie Boyston and his companions reached the place chosen for the picnic, they found that one of the waggonette horses had broken loose ; and the creature, possessed of some mischievous freak, refused to let himself be caught for tho best part of half an hour. Then Miss Fanny Miller was sure she had seen a snake in Bomo long grass, and more time was lost ; so that it was after seven before the horses were ready, the baskets packed away, and Audrey and Dora missed. "They cannot.be far off," said the colenel; " coo-ee, Jack, and hurry them up; it's getting late." But, though the bush rang with shouts, no answering cry came back, and people began to look serious, " Martin, you must drive your mistress and the children home, and, Miss Grant, you must go too. The rest of us will stay, and, most likely, be after you in an hour or so with the truants." The colonel spoke lightly, and his face showed no signs of uneasiness ; so that, having begged to be allowed to stay and having been refused,. Mrs. Beaufort and the other ladies departed in a fairly satisfied frame of mind. , " You might leave ns a hamper," the colonel called rat, as Martin gathered up the reins, " and wo will have something to, eat before wo follow you." "There is plenty left," said his wifo laughing, as a great basket was lifted out; "I shall be glad if you do hot bring homo any remains. Good-bye. Scold the girls well when they appear." The waggonette drove off after the , vehicles containing Mrs. Miller's party, whieh. wore already out of sight. Several o I the men, how- ever, who had accompanied her, remained to swell tho search party, who gathered round Colonel Beaufort to receive their orders. Midnight, and a full- orbed moon riding tran quilly in tho heavens. Audrey Heriot sat on a little grassy mound at the foot of a slieoak tree, and leant wearily against the rough hark, while her eyes glanced fearfully from side to Bide, or endeavored, with steady gaze, to penetrate the thick growth of underwood around. On tho ground lay Dora, her head in lier friend's lap, fast asleep. The poor girl was utterly worn ont with the hurried rush through the hush, and the anxiety, to which was added the self-reproach that grow ever keener as tho night advanced and no succor came. Ten minutes ago, persuaded by Audrey, she had lain down on the hard ground, and, while she tried to form a prayer, had fallen asleep. Left thus alone, as it were, the horror of that awful solitude crept in upon and enfolded Audrey, and strung her nerves, to their highest pitch. The ghostly white trunks of the gumtrecs, tho dark shadows cast by tho i moon light, the terrifying way in which imagination peopled the forest with shapes— none the less dreadful because vague and undefined — all lent their aid in n,«Vmjr that night a never-to-be-for gotten one by Audrey Heriot, and for many a day after she would moan in her sleep end start into wakefulness as it repeated itself in lier dreams. An hour passed — the longest Bhe had ever, spent — and then, far, far away, but awful in its distinctness, came a long drawn cry, - or rather howL Audrey shook with fear, and strained her ears to catch any repetition of the sound- The night breeze -rustled mournfully in the sheoak spines above her head, and the plaintive cry of a curlew sounded from some lower lying land,- and all else was still. Audrey began to accuse her ears of playing her a trick ; and, with a sigh, her head fell back against the trunk of the sheoak, and, raising her eyes to the star-gemmed skies above her, Ehe began determinedly to repeat to herself some frag ments of hymnB and verse. Again ! There was no mistake as to the reality of the sonnd this time, as it swelled upon "the breeze and died away, only to rise more clearly the next moment. " Dora, " gasped Andrey in an agony of fear, " Oh, Dora, wake up ! " . " YVhat is it ? Have they found ns ? " stam mered Dora, springing to her foet and peering into the thick shadows around. " Such an awful cry— I don't know what it' can - be," explained Audrey as well aa her chattering teeth would allow. " Oh, Dora,' there it is again 1 YVhat is it ? YYThat shall we do ? " . "Dingoes," eaid Dora, as she stood listening, her head a little on one aide, and every sense on the alert. " YY'ild dogs ? Are yon sure, Dora ? "Will they hurt un?" and Audrey clung to hor com- nanion in a way that, far more than her words, betrayed her terror. . " No, I don't think so. I never heard of them really attacking people," was the reassuring answer ; " bat we will just keep by that wattle tree, and, if they come too near, we can climb it. They are cowardly creatures at their best, but if there are a good many together it is as well to be on the safe side." But next time the cry came it was evidently from a greater distance, and, when repeated, could hardly be heard. " They ha K: turned off in some other direc tion," said Miss Thornton, with a sigh of relief. " Suppose we walk about for a little." Arm in arm the two girls paced the narrow piece of ground between the wattle and the sheoak, while tho night wore slowly away and still no hopeful sound broke the stillness. At last, when tbey had once more seated them- selves, too weary to stand any longer, they noticed that, far away to the right, where the ground eloped a little and the timber was less dense, the sky was gradually paling and turning pearly grey a's if the night wero faint with her long vigil. Quickly the setting moon dropped out of sight behind the - trees, the stara'grew dim and yet more dim, the opalescent sky blushed into crimson, Till down the eastern cliffs afar Hyperion's march they spy, aud glittering shafts of war. And just as the day god rose above the hills a long coo-ee broke through the burst of song, "the morning liymn of the birds which rose from tree and thicket, stream and pool. "That's Charlie," cried Dora in an ecstasy of delight ; and, spring ing to her feet she made the forest echo with her ringing answer, while Audrey's head dropped on her hands, and the heartiest thankB- giving she had ever uttered in her lifo broke from her trembling lips. (TO BE CONTIXDED.) 