A QUEER STORY. rwritten for The Clippfh by tbe autlior of 11 Driven Tbrough Ilndos,'' Tbo Black Forty,' etc., etc., aud compiled from statements made nud uvidenoe nveu by certain iiorsous interested ia tbe issue! Detective Beerill's Case. It was oar ghost business sure enough. The woman for some reason had precipitated matters just at a moment too when the in jured Clements seemed to waver. The expression of absolute terror in her countenance I don t believe 1 will ever forget. I can see her now sitting up in bed, her wounded arm hanging by her side, her head swathed in bloody clothe, and her eyes fairly, to use a hackneyed pbrase, ' starting out of her head.' Dr. Lloyd soothed her, but she would have none of him. She tried to spefik several times, but her tongue apparently refused its office, a most unusual circumstance with my lady Clements, I can assure you. I rose and stood between tbe creature at the fire and tho door way, so as to cover the retreat of oui. confederate if necessary. Be sides, the other one might not take this seance in the light it was in tended to be taken, and by proceed ing to investigate matters spoil it all. Several times did Clements attempt to speak and fail. At last her tongue was loosened and she uttered a hoarse cry which ended in a sob, and fell backwards upon tbe pillow. Dr. Lloyd immediately stood over her, and I likewise in terposed my body between the pair and the light for a moment. Then 1 looked around aud there was no one but us four in the room. It was an uncanny turn out altogether aud I didn't much caie about the business at all, but we were in for it I could see that. Clements was fairly cowed and half beside herself with fear. The doctor did all he could to pacify her, ljut without effect. Then he tried another expedient. ' Mrs. Clements,' he said, adopt ing his severest police court tones, ' it is my duty to inform you that you had better unburden yourself of anything you may have upon your conscience without delay.' ' I will, before God I will. Am I really going to die P' ' I cannot say, but it would be as well if you released your conscience from anything yon may have done.' ' Oh, did you see it ? Oh, it was horrible !' ' There is no one here but our selves. Who do you mean ?' 'Oh she came back to mo. I knew 6he would. Oh, there ! There at the window she glares at me again! Oh, I will tell you now. Quick get your pen and ink together. See, it was this way. I will tell you all about it. I was frightened. I saw Joe knock her down, and then I heard her shriek, 'I'm stabbed,' and ' Help police !' and such like. I didn't want no court case, so I walks into the 'Family,' that's the Dead House you kuow, aud I sees Toe come down the stairs and slope. Then I listens and there was never a sound. I went upstairs and found her with her throat cut on the bed.' ? ' Could no other: person have gat there except the man you call Joe ?' 'No, nobody W6S there.' ' Who was this man ?' 'His name was Josekin or sneh. I beard her call it to him. They had a young titter shut up in tho house where they lived across the square, aud it was over her the row whs. He come to my house witb her beciuse ehe said she wouldn't trust him under the same roof as the other one. They didn't often quarrel, but this time he finished her. Then I goes out and sees a drunken swell tryin' to light his pipe, and I kids him to come in. Then I locks him in and fetches tho coj pew.' 'What made you do such a thing as that?' 'Oh I were afeard you know. This was the second mnrder I were in, and I concluded I'd make a job of it. I knew they'd never catch the bloke, he must have been an old hand to dodge them through the window as he did,' She told her story in fits and gasps, glancing at times around the room as though momentarily expect ing the re-appearance of the spectre which bad shocked her so much. She kept on fairly well too, aud by the time the cab came to take her to the hospital, which we had Gent the other creature to fetch as soon as the ghost had dis appeared, I had completed her de claration and she had signed it before Dr. Llovd. 'We will see our lady friend first,' I suggested, ' and take a nip. Then I should fancy we might leave word at the gaol for Tony, on the sly like.' 'Very well,' replied the doctor, 'end I'm pleased with the evening's work. 1 fancy when they wash the woman Clements and tell her that she isn't hurt at all she will tear a bit. She is a dreadful creature.1 ' I would like to see her face when she is told we were fooling with her, but she can't go back on her affidavit.' We found that Rose Macnamara had gone straight to the National to await our return. We had a long talk together and I made a note of the evidence she would give on the remand case. I was very well pleased. I saw her as far as the door and detained her in conver sation awhile until I caught sight 'of one of our follows passing, when I gave him the wink to follow her and said good night. There isn't much more to tell you, as no doubt you can see for yourself by this time. But it wasn't all over yet by a long chalk. Anthony Grahame walked from the police court a free man to be carried overjto the Royal Oak across Swan ston-street, where I am confidently informed and verily believe that Landlord Dillon became seriously alarmed over the quantity of liquor consumed, and was forced to send out post haste to replenish his larder. Tbe woman Macnamara was paid her money and departed. She was carefully shadowed night and day, bet whether she suspected or not I cannot say, for she waB never seen to be in tbe company of the man we wanted so badly, and we came to the conclusion at last that he had slipped through our fingers and she would at the proper time follow him. On the evidence adduced at the police court and from tbe documen tary testaments presented to his honor Jndge Molesworth, the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria, in its Ecclesiastical Juris diction, declared the marriage of Barbara Westropp to Joseph Jocelyn to be null and void aud without legal existence. * ? * I made every effort to find this man, for it waa evident that ray case was incomplete without him. I knew that it would be a painful thing for that delicate lady to give evidence npou such a charge, but she was not oue to falter before a duty, and 1 was not afraid of her topping np all right, as the drovers have it. Three months passed and there was no sign of him anywhere. I was fain at last to give up the search, mnob against iny will, aud settle down to other and more absorbing matters. Our liveB are not made up of leisnre time you know. We have to be on the alert day and night, for the moment yon close your eyes for an hour or are off your guard a moment, just that very thing happens which noboby would suspect of taking place, and of course just what you don't want to happen as a moral. Miss Westropp went off to Syd ney and I quite lost sight of Tony Grahame too. I concluded that he considered it the proper thing to keep out of the way for a while, for I know that he disliked being made a lion of more than anything elee. I was thinking somehow over the case oue evening as I strolled down tho Collins-street hill, and tho facts and circumstances connected with it. The woman Boie never seemed to move either, although she could easily have done so now at any time. I was just wondering when Tony Grahame would turn up again and how he was enjoying himself when I ran right into bis arms. ' Hello !' 1 said. ' Tony Gra bame, by the hookey ! I was just thinking ? ' ' Benill, old chap,' he returned, grasping my baud, 'you're just tbe fellow 1 wanted. 1 was hurrying along to see you.' ' Where did you come from, and if so, when P Come along and let's talk over it all ? ' 'See here, Berrill, I only got back yesterflay, and to-night I've 6een him.' ' Seen him, have you P Who, pray P The old gentlemau in black with the horns ? ' 'No, no. Don't joke if yon please. I mean him — the man — the murderer Jocelyn.' 'The devil !' ' No, I tell you, not tbe devil. Joseph Jocelyn, £ say. Must I keep reitei ating it over and over again to make you comprehend what I mean ?' ' 1 comprehend you well enough now,' I said, for 1 was all ears, I can assure you. ' Where V ' Just here in Swans ton-street. He followed me. I'm sure he can not be far off. There he is, by God !' And there he was sure enough crossing over into the shadow ot the Town Hall. I drew a long breath between my teeth. I bad got him now safe enough. I would never let that joker out of my eight again until I heard tho lock-up key clink on the wrong side of him. I felt for my handcuffs, and without a word slipped across the street to the Athenffium steps and slunk into the shadow to pounce upon him when he came np. But he did not come further than a few paces and then turned off into the ? road again and moved back towards Swans ton street. You may bet I went after him as silently as I could. But he was wary, and before I had reached the roadway he turned and saw me. He recognised me immediately, and turned to run. I sprang lorward and so did Grahame. I didn't waste breath in calling out ' Stop thief,' or anything like that, for he hadn't much of a start. Around the corner of Swanston -street he ran and ns after him. There were only a very few people out, for the night waB dark aud cold. Besides, it was late, too, and nobody was about for fun. I caught sight of his fignre dart ing quickly ahead. It disappeared in the shadow a moment, glinted in the light of the gas-Jamp, and Bhadowed itself again iu the gloom across the light. Then I saw him spring off the footpath on to the road with the evident intention of turning into Pliudeis Laue, and vanish completely and utterly from sight as if the earth had opened and swallowed him up. Tony Grahame and I ran hither and thither, but could not find a trace of him. Into every nook and corner, but in vain. He was gone, and we were forced to own it. It was another mysterious episode in. this very mysterions matter, There was no help for it, however, and ? we came off tbo scent two very fl down- tailed persons indeed. ? But ten days after this a bloated, ? swollen, and soddened corpse was I pulled out of the Yarra by the gas- ? works ferryman, which, upon being B taken to the morge, was duly iden- I titled as tbe mortal remains of I Joseph Jocelyn. And at once the ? truth dawned upon me like a flash. ? When he disappeared so strangely ? he had stepped off the footpath and ? slipped down the open trap of a ? sewer. A clean fall of fifteen feet ? into the swiftly running river of ? slime below. Ugh ! ? * ? ? I What a strange case it all was . I [ never had one like it before or { I since. When I went over the de- m tails I marvelled at the ingenuity I of those people who had played I such high stakes aud lost. There I was this man Jocelyn. Like a pair I of villains, he and hie wife had I plotted for him to marry that un- I fortunate creature' and secure her I fortune for them both. And then I in the meantime he had contracted I an unholy alliance with her sister, I and running off with her, had made I use of her talents as a clever wo- I man with the pen, to draw largely I upon the bankers. It was evident 1 to my mind that he had taken his I wife's sister into his confidence for I that reason, and discarded the- I other. The strange resemblance I between them had eventually been I the meanB of his having murdered I his wife in a fit of violent passion j and apparently secure whilst (Tony I Grahame was at large under bus- I picion of murder, had continued hia I plottings in the hopes of again I snaring the woman he had fraudu- ' I lently married. The poor girl waa too terror-absorbed to do anything in her own defence, until love, that all conquering king, stepped into \ the ring and won her the fight. Abi well, it was all very strange. Amr j amongst my letters that morning | was a marked newspaper containing the following notice in the mar* riage portion of its advertising columns : ' Guahame - Westropp. On the 17th, instat the church of AIL ' Saints, by the Reverend Arthur/ Mallpop, Anthony Grahame, of thiS city, to Barbara, only daughter ti£ the late Albert Westropp, of Bul gong, New South Wales. No cards.' And that was the last of a Queer Story. The End. 