CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. WESLEYAN DISTRICT SYNODS. The annual sessions of the Southern District Synod of the Wesleyan Methodist Church were begun on Tuesday morning at Pirie-street Church. There wero present the president (Rev. J. Berry) in the chair, and the Revs. B. S. Casely, J. Cowperthwaitc, J. B. Stephonson, H. H. Teague, H. T. Burgess, P. C. Thomas, C. Lane, T. E.' Thomas, T. A. James, I. llooney, C. H. Goldsmith, W. Reed, G. E. Wheatley, W. B. Mather, W. H. Hanton, J. J. Nicholls, T. Edmeades, J. Read, T. Lloyd, G. W. Kondrew, J. Leggoe, I. Perry, J. Allen, C. H. Ingamells, and W. A. Bainger. After singing, the Rev. T. E. Thomas read a portion of Scripture, and prayer was offered by the Revs. C. Lane and C. H. Goldsmith. The chairman welcomed tho Rev. L Perry, who lately returned from England.' Mr. Perry briefly referred to his trip, thanking the brethren who had assisted his circuit during his absence. The Rev. T. E. Thomas was elected secretary, the Revs. T. A. Jamos and G. W. Kendrew were appointed assistant secretaries; aud the Rev. \V. H. Hanton Was chosen reporter for the press. The Rev. G. E. Rowe (chairman of the WeBt Australian district), who is on his^ way to the General Conference, was invited to attend the synod. Dispensations for absence on account of distance were granted to the Revs. E. Barber, A. Stubbs, A. D. Bennett, H. Trewren, and J. Tear Tack. The secretary was instructed to send fraternal letters to the Rev. H. Trewren and the Chinese catechist. The application of the Rev. A. Stubbs to be continued as supernumerary for another year was referred to Con ference. At the afternoon session the needs of the Murray Bridge and Callington station were considered ; the chairman was requested to arrange tor them. The Rev. G. E. Rowe gave a very interesting account of the worE of the church in West Australia ; 230 new mem bers had been received, and the work in Perth and in other parts was being consolidated and extended. Mr. Rowe was heartily thanked for his luoid and inspiring address. The Synod adjourned until 10 a.m. on Wednesday. The financial meeting of the Southern Dis trict Wesleyan Synod was held at Pirie-street Church on Wednesday at 10 a.m. The Rev. J. Berry (president of the Conference) was in the chair. In addition to the ministers of the district the following representatives from circuits were present: — Pirie-street, Mr. A. Langsford ; Archer-street^ Captain Deeble and Mr. F. Wood ; Kent Town, Mr. P. T. Scott ; Norwood and Magill, Mr. W. Nock ; Brompton, Mr. Reseigh and Mr. E. J. Lawton ; Unley, Hon. W. Haslam ; Glenelg, Mr. Priest; Port Adelaide, Messrs. H. W. Waterhouse and E. Davey ; Gumeracha, Messrs. Green and Bartley; Willunga, Messrs. E. Teaklo and Ingram ; Clarendon, Mr. Broadbent ; Aldgate, Messrs, E. Wilson and F. W. Andrewartha; Murray Bridge, Mr. W. Jarrett ; Yankalilla, Messrs. J. R. Kelly and J. Tonkin ; Goolwa, Messrs. J. Underwood and Captain G. Richie, After singing and Scripture reading, the Rev. C. Lane and Mr. C. Priest offered prayer. A state ment concerning connexional property was presented as follows :— There were 107 churches in the distriot ; the debt has been deceased by £1,002 ; improvements had been made to the value of £718 ; reductions of liabilities had been made thus — Pirie-Btreet circuit, £128 ; Archer street, £143; Norwood, £107; Unley, £00; Glenelg, £211 ; Port Adelaide, £285 ; Claren don, JJ50 ; Aldgate, £50 ; Mount Barker, £68; Strathalbyu, £70. Gumeracha Church had made additions costing £80 with out increasing the debt ; a new church had been erected at Palmerstou, free of debt, at a cost of £430. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded those who had assisted in this effort. Permission was granted for the sale of land in Port Adelaide and Clarendon circuits. Applications were made to the loan fund for £730. The amount available for this district was £030. The following loans were made : — Archer-street, £300; Northfield, £50; Royal Park, £50; Finsbury, £S0; Reumark, £50. The application of Gumeracha circuit for a loan of £100 was referred to tho favorable con sideration of the Conference. In reference to the connexional charges fund _the following resolution was passed : — This Dieliict Synod regrets that so large a number of circuits have not forwarded collections lor the con nexional charges fund. Synod refers the matter to the consideration of the Conference, and suxgcstB that in the meantime the treasurer directs the atten tion of the circuits that arc in default to the regula tion of Conference that such collection be made in all our churches during the June quarter. At the afternoon session the following elec tions were made: — The Rev. J. B. Stephen son was appointed to accompany the chairman on the stationing committee. Mr. Theo. Hack was elected representative to the HomeMission committee. The following grants were made from the H6'me Mission fund : — Gumeracha, £15; Aldgate. £20; Strathalbyn, ££5; Yau kalilla, £10; Goolwa, £20. At 4 p.m. Synod adjourned to allow members an opportunity of attending a meeting held in the lecture-hall to welcome the Right Hon. S. J. Way. At the evening session the following resolution was passed : — That tbe circuits which are in arrears due to connexional funds under the present supcrintendcucy shall have these amounts deducted from their Homo mission grants. The Foreign Mission, worn-out preachers', aud ohildren's funds were dealt with. Tho statistical returns for the year wore presented. Churches, 107 ; parsonages, 21 ; Sabbath schools, 27 ; ministers and preachers on trial, 32; local preachers, 100; church members, 3,703; decrease, 29; on trial, 183; catechumens, 512; active C.E, members, 1, 247 ; adherents, 22,^02 ; increase, 102. Au earnest conversa tion on the work of God followed, in which the president, the Revs. P. C. Thomas, T. A. James, T. E. Thomas, and Messrs. C. W. Priest and F. W. Show took part. A resolution from the Kent Town quarterly meeting was considered and the following resolution was adopted : — This District Synod requests the annual Conference to consider the advisability of availing itself of the permissive legislation of the General Conference on the subject of the extension of a minister's term In a circuit. Synod resolved not to recommend Conference to appoint a general secretary for Sabbath schools. On the motion of Mr. C. W. Priest, seconded by Mr. P. T. Scott, hearty thanks were tendered to the president for his able and courteous conduct of the business. Votes of thanks were also passed to the secretary, tho assistant secretaries, and also to tho ladies for the arrangements they made in regard to tea. The iinancial meeting then closed. Tho Christian Weekly Eays:—' After an absence of six months the Rev. I. Perry re turned to the colony on Monday. Tho Rev. Samuel Scholos has been iuvitccT to Ballarat East circuit for next year, wee the Rev. Charles Tregear, of Sevastopol, who will have completed his term.' Tho following items are taken from the SoulliernCrosB : — ' ' The Rov. Bro. Stanislaus, of the Marist prder, is in Adelaide arranging for the establishment of a house at Port Adelaide, which -will ib» the first branch of the order established in South Australia. The brothers have extensive schools in the other colonies, that at Hunter's Hill, New South Wales, being the headquarters of the community in Aus tralia. .. The Marist Brothers area French bnier, -bsing first; established at Lyons. , Bro. Stanislaus will stay until the other members arrive at the end of the present month. The monastery at Glen Osmond is now undergoing repairs aud alterations, : while portions of the balcony and lower cloisters, which threatened to collapse, are being re built. ? . ? ? ' ?? The anniversary of tho Woodside Wesloyau Church was held on Sunday list. The Rev. P. C. Thomas conducted tho services, there being large congregations both morning and evening, while in the afternoon au address was delivered to the children of tho united Sunday schools (Primitive and Wesleyan), a Jarge number of parents and friends also being present. An augmented choir, during the services, rendered the anthems, 'In Jewry is God known,' 'Teach me, oh Lord,'1 'Thine oh Lord,' and 'Come Holy Ghost,' Miss Attenborough singing tho solo in the last named. On Monday there was a tea in the institute followed by a public meeting, the hall being full. The Revs. J. Allen and P. C. Thomas gave short addresses, the Rev. G. E. Wheatley speaking at length with great power. During the evening musical items were con tributed by Messrs. Bennett, Blunt, aud Hutchinge, Miss L. Correll playing the accom paniments. A supper followed the meeting. 