where life is cheap, r Tlio wickedest town on tho American con tinent is Cripple Creek, Col,, according to the experts. To an influx of desperadoes it owed a great labour strike of lost year, the quelling of whioh required a sheriffs posse of 1,600 men, horse and infantry, armed with Wincestors and supported with Uatling guns and cannon. " General" Jack Smith was the commander of the miners' forces. He appears to hare been a desperado almost from boyhoods Coming to Cripplo Creole over a year ago, he found himself in the midst of a horde of men of like character, and it took them but a short time to foment a labour agitation among the miners. Destruction of mining property, theft, and tbo murder of non-union miners began to be of regular occurrence. At the oat- sot of his generalship Smith made his head quarters on Bull Hill, & mountain whose every approach could bo guarded. All tho trails and roads wore mined with dynamite that ccnld be touched off through wires from tho summit, if necessary, to drive away' on invading force. It was given out and believed that tbe strikers had cannon on the bill, and on a crag a fort woe built, a corner of it boing visiblo by the aid of glasses. For over a mouth tho minors owned Cripple Creek. They mado daily raids ioto private houses for arms and ammunition, and appropriated anything else that oaughb their fancy. Otbor oalragcsjioo numerous to particularise, were committed, but the moat malicious was tho blowing up of tbo Strong Mine shaft house. Tho superintendent and two men were in tho mino at the timo, and would have perished but for the fact that ono of them was au Oddfellow and one of tho strikers, who bclougod to tho same organisation, opened (he covering of the air-sbaft. A fow weeks ago some of Smith's friends were put in tho Bull Hill lock-up for a misdemeanour, and Smith shot tho padlock off the jail door and liboratod them. Ho then began to look for tbo marshal, with thn avowed intention of killing him, but bis intended . victim . was quicker with bis gun and toppled . over both Smith and a companion named 1'opst, Smith lived a short timo after receiving bis wound, and bis last wish was for a Christian baptism, which was given him by a Catholic priest who was near. Among othors who contributed to tbe liveli ness of Cripple Creek at different timos was Lnlla Ringley, whose antecedents were uu- kuown, but wbo was evidently a man of educa tion. He mado a strike aud thon spent bismoocy iu buying the drinks for everyone in sight. Ho had a playful way of drawing a gun aud apparently compelling the only too-willing crowd to drink with him. On ono occa sion a young tenderfoot was in a saloon where Lallrv mado his plav and, thinking him self in danger, fired a pistol shot through his coat pocket. Lalla dropped and died from hemorrhage, but befgro bo yielded op the ghost be dclivorcd a sermon on his wasted life and tho golden, opportunities for redemption that bis hearers were missing ; it was so powerful, so eloquent, and so touching in its tragic, surrounding as to cause a score of strong men to weop liko children. However, the town finally obtained an officer, who was accorded tbe greatest respect by tho tough element. Marshal Chnrloy Norton's absolute fearlessness was never better illustrated than when a mob gathered to lynch him, Thoy bad a rope, and just as a resolution was passed to bang tbo marshal, tho intended victim made his way out of a saloon towards thorn with a rovolvor in evch hand. "I understand you follows wont to bang me, 1 ho 6aid. M Here I am." The orowd was so dumfonnded at tho reckless bravory of the man that everyone sneaked away. Gambling of all kinds goes on openly, adver tisements of tho places appearing in Hie local papers, und printed cards posted up behind the dealer in a majority of tho games inform tho uniaitiotod that "this game never closes." On ono occasion a player drew a gun to avenge a fancied trick of tho dealer, but tho latter fired through tho tablo, taking a spot out of tbo ten ontl tho ball crashed into tho man's head. Tbo corpse fell forward on the table, tho dealer pushed it back into tbe scat, and wont on to tho end of tbo deal. Tho patrons of tho dauco halls aro entertained by womon of tho lowest and most dopravod class. Somo of the best varioty porformors iu tbo West reach Cripplo Creek and also some of tho worst. It is a very common custom to shower silver dollars on tho stars, and this was carried out with a vengeance once in tho case of Dolly Emorson, a woman who some years ago was at the head of the variety profession in the West. Silver dollars fell around her like bail, some being thrown with no gentle hand, end ono man buried a tobacco sack containing two ounces of placer gold. Ho was in tho rear of tbe house, and his aim was either too good or not good enough, for the sock struck Dolly on tho fore head, knuoking her senseless. Her lacerated feelings wore smoothed over by the generosity of the shower, 342 silver dollars, aa woll as the gold dust, being picked up by tho theatre attaches aud banded to her. 