FICTION THE Jttlf OF SAN JACINTO, j 7'/r xtk toe it I M iere fn gho»ts. Of i K'.ftrt I do. I M Uo in them because 1 1 hvi U3 1 H waa fn n rain, too, the I ©vmcl pUvs tor gfcott ; bnt not exactly in i the right kirA e,i mitt, for there war nothing j t,r wnio s.oor.5 it ; it was a dusty, ; t'Jtr.hi <i-'/va adobe shanty in New Mexico. ! Do ywa remetr.her Harry Felters— what great p totshe he gar at a young artist, and j how h rjrnr cur So anything? He and 1 1 .« great thorns at the art school, and after- j words we feflf&o; the wxyot going on sketch- ; i Ktt U/ZTi together, He waa a nice fellow, j 'j'-i'.k ietozered, hcrtrery good natared too, »d ft w osM feare heen hard to find a joilier compesioo, I war delighted one aatnmn when he proponed we should make a little wi'tlera WAvriWi tow.fhAr' Ha ro.intArl t/i vA torn (A the atmoipherie effecti on the high ffotftf, Vtft started fn fleptemhAr, lo'gbt wsne&VM; coiTpfeof fcroncoa when we rem/.iied the enm.try we wanted, and flurted eAS on i jt traff which ran near the railroad- Vie had spfer.did weather, took all shv iitae we wanted, and got a lot of fir.t rate l bir;gt>; l/rt Fefterr wa.t looking forward all tbe tcimetoatopprngatafittfe Mezican village -flboixovnSo.tne name war— which fay«ome dj» tvw, f/A the retain trail, hut which he had bwird wa» the rarest place, A friend of hU hvA f»,» ther a couple of years before, but hv4 w1r keen ahte to stay & day or ao. He r>fr>jld a tolerable rnnr, and we planned to »</-p f-vr several weeks, making exenreiona 3>j the siTfrr.tmdffig country. And getting h«i we were pnrtrcutarfy anxious for- some ehurrcSer skefcheer of the natives. We had the pfleauecttot anfrcipations of our time tbire- 1 lie day btfor we expected to reach San it/Arto we slreck off orr to a side trail actoha the bittf. We teamed afterwards that there wts raor danger fn cmderufcmg this lonely joTtrAy than wr had any Idea of at the time, but we earner to 00 harm- We slept out that eight, aod late the next afternoon we came in rigbt of the vffltgff, eerched half way up a lw# skpfog mesa. We reached it as the via me settfeg- There was hnt a single sit£irnnrAisa%MmnlMa hni, l.nf I to mr miptUe, IW, .(reel was thronged with Meii-em. wA Itdhuts in fcoli'd.inottnme - fitroe, »g>!« WAiay, fellowi Ir> thumping hate »oi ilia pill with mantillM over their Bewdr. W# tooihrnS oar .lender etocle nf SpAnieh, ' »oA iafijrid 6i th# Hnt group' wn met the rea m«90 rd tbo Cft/vA, We found eome local ttSr n. to progreei. And It wn» not only the inJmliieot. of Hon doefnto we fceh-id, hut of 1 (be Mtfhttent for fifty milee round. Ibr<7, to lb. eerecth bearen of delight, waa Ctptog tet .11 tbe old wrfnfrfed men And dark, eyed gSelf totfeefr pfeterreujne Array, hnt I sot. hmgry, and ml willing to waatetime Oil ill. nidi-«MI! true llm ,/. T ft.nl., I- : ti'ja/i, profeattog ind turning ronnd ail the time, temirdf wnat had been pointed out to ! et u tbe tea we were to eeareb of. It stood I onl ijnite at tbe otfeer end of the street, and j looied If »<r and more imposing than the rest of tbe brae, leing newly painted a fine britfe Conor, "Hew ws are at last, and a gnod thing few," ttid J, ae tbe owner of the house camo hatllicr est to reeeire u.s. He hurried ue totoatoeg, eriwded room, and seta couple of cttsftog drhtSre before us in enormous rlcMM before we fsad lime to apeak, ehatter- tog all tbe time with great civility. Hut os k» at we began to talk of rooms he sang a d&ewRt; tone, " <tb, he eried, in a despairing tone, " that w an Impossibility, qnito an im- powMiSy. Every inch of room in the house W token— 1» erowded, I may say. As soon as tmj tun done drinking and singing we nut raatJwwe down on the door of the eating room btre, aed I will try my heat to find a own It tor a rsattrene for the two noble gentle- OKO, Hattressea fa plenty I have, but no ptooe to spread (beta, unfortunately," "Wefl, well/' troiee to Ifarry, "it Isn't eaSttm» we want. It's room to ourselves to sleep to, Screfy we can find something At avmenftbeeeighborr. We won't grumble if Ii't a little nee." Bet tbe laodtord shoofe his head, " No, no," be reiterated; there isn't an empty quse anywhere to the village fcigenongh to bold «ao«y bird. Every houee is full." B.ul VfXi trX&A; frtffl TtCCf .n.n». n. ©upbuild ytx ce.rM pos a.i in. Your own rwttj. ter iftkUncft, If we pay yoa well, cw&M; ytxi mare oat of that for a night or lor©, jail fid ih« frr » oxer?" Tea taa© thrsftr/.d hU ehoaMer.T- I haven't lo ray own room for three nights, fiwca womtep here it," he " I take one ©f the htnebee Asm here," " t Iff tffitl ."3 itaivw witrss ma is m — out of Itojw ; w thets we will elmply goon «ril»uut st/spptrjr, Wemeantto spenueeveral wa er bire, tci of cwxrie if yott haven't ac- cwntaoUiion " And he turned and pxked ttp htf saddle tog? from the bench nbxre be bed fas# them. Ob, eome eon, Harry/ raid I, " we don't mot to Uere tbe moment we get here. For e ikv ni&U; we cut cemfnly stand It, and im-ft it wyf) ffftUt down again/' "Yaw, jerfctUd the landlord, evidently pattriwpMXfwdtefcearof tbelongataywe had itttaadtd, and anxfott to detain tr.< \ f promises wvM do ff; cb,jeif, yes 1 By the end of »— -vtn iw hMftoum; UIH bfien joa can bare Kp&odid; roots— many rooms as you tike. But, yoa know, Harry wax always a pig heeded W Iwr, hefcuckled hU hagx tight, " Nw," ald bs ; " I'm not g.ilng to sleep in sny ititb ret tie this. If we can't have ruvj/j te wunelm, we go or to-night That'3 oil abuui it." the tmitred wtvrsg hlx h.andi, " Ah," he cxiid, "wfcitstAfcAmer what a shame I To lw»i the r/mltemeti leave my hou.ie \" Thon ' — - — J s— ; 14./ 144., nyc. niif be -ned," I fctr.it: 1 have it: Illhegenlie. a sea wold csly U mtrsfied. Ito jou mind, psrfct pr, if yen sleep to very old room ? Oh, ye-ry, very old 5" " Ho, nvf we fftterponed, to a breath. "But it itrery ofd," hewent on, lookingat tut KSrtvuly, " «r,d there Is but one room for the two," " That It otfbleg," we crfed. " We won't tatod Ifctt its tbe feast, as long a. we don't here to sleep eo tbe fioor with strangers." "Aod ereo there," he went on, -f fear j sa would btre to campy the same bed ; ifcercitbutcoehttdtteadiaehe.AATn- Teh. sore," be seii, refieetfrefy, " one nf you might here sonltreseca the fioor even there, hut it would be rery eofd, I fear- The Boor is of stone, and tbe dampness " "Ob, tterer tnind," we Interrupted ; for fbroe or toer tdgblt it won't matKr, as long as we cut btre tbe.oom too orselves." "Ctrtolsly, etrtatnly," he reiterated, "to ytorsdret, I sbtuU not think of putting anyone else to the leer.r of the two noble gentlemen. Kit down, r.t down, and make ynnratireseasy, I wifl send my niece to rnaite reedy for r/et. You must not espeet too much, geolletoeo. It Is in the old part of the b»» lbet bat -one to ruin a good deal ; that It why J nerer thought of It before. But this one rata to strongly built. It is safe estagb t yon need have to fear of roof or wtllt BcifStodesty : I must have it swept." And to t-.ltirgen, half to himself and half to ft.be fillfd oct gba«< again, and got him self cnt a the roses. Presently we heard his rolee outride enKfng. "fniiw: fnlita!" and 'ben a long aod rtther vehement whispered eosvemllsa was otrried 03 not far from the It was an hnnr or more anil wc had finished our fiuppcr, before he returned to show us our apartment. We found it was in :i deserted hoilding whose presence we had not even sus pected from the front of the house. It lay fur to the back and one side, and was, our host told ut, the original old inn, which bad been hnilt by hi great uncle scvcraltiinvs removed, and had fallen too much out of repair to use. Rut the room to winch he led na wn« still in tolerable preservation, iwjucer old place, with , wa!U and door of rough stone, and lighted by | a small grated window high up at one side, j They hod net in a few old pieces of furniture ! for 11s, and a big four-post bedstead, which looked as old as the room, was piled «high with an enormous feather bed. For the bed- | stead our host apologised profusely Not to 1 be able to furnish us at least with separate | sleeping accommodation weighed heavily on 'his spirit. Bat what could he do? Itwns to be regarded as good fortune that the old bedstead had not long since been brought into , the house to be given to earlier comers. Its age and weight were tbe sole reasons it wns at our disposal. For tho feather bed he did not think it necessary to apologise, though that was certainly what soemcd moat formid able to ns. Howovcr, wo wcro pleased enough to get anything to ourselves, and told him so. Wc went back to the big hall, and sat there awhile smokinc nnd watching the nueor col- lection of humanity it held, but wo wcro both tired with our ride, nnd presently asked tho landlord for our candles. He brought them, one for each, and each with a Uttlo box of flwedish matches besido it on tho candle stick. Rut he was a long time lighting them, snuffed them out once or twice, and finally said, with a curious air of gravity for so slight a speech : " The gentlemen see that our candies arc not easy to light. Might I beg of them to leave tho night light burning in their chamber?" "Night light?" cried Harry, brusquely. " Oh no we don't want a night light. There la nothing the matter with those candles. It's only the clumsy way you snuffed them/' And with the word ho drew a match from bis pocket, lit it quickly, and in a momcot bad the candle burning clearly. The landlord looked perturbed, "fee! sec I" he cried. " Once the candle may light quickly, and another time it may not. The little light will not duturb you. I beg the gentlemen wilt leave it burning. There will bo not extra charge none whatever." And h6 looked at us anxiously. j " Oh, nonsense I" said Harry, turning away with his candle. < Rat tho landlord must have thought I was ' of a more accommodating disposition, for now he cnncht me hv the coat sleeve. " T ! beg, I beg," ho repented : and tired of his persistence, I answered carelessly, " Oh, all ' right ; I won't put it out," nnd left before ho l had timo to say anything more, j But wc were not free from importunities . about our light, for as wc passed the kitchen his fat old wife, who superintended tho cook ing for her husband's guests, waddled towards us. " Candles 1 candles !" she panted. " Ob, they are no good. You'll blow them out before yon think twice. But look out not to disturb the little night light JaUta set up in the niche. That'll give you light enough to see by all night." L < Grind T.nrd ! ttrhni drt wa trftnl In ssa tnr 0 The night's mnde for Bleeping," cried Harry, roughly, and dragged me through tho kitchen like a whirlwind, while behind us wc still heard the wheezing voice of the old woman discoursing on the insufficiency of candles and tho superior advantage of Julita's oil taper. i Wo had not done with the ndvocatcs of the 1 night light even yet. As wo made our way through tho dusty passage, stumbling over the broken slabs of stone which formed Its floor, wo encountered Julita herself, pale and trembling, nnd regnrdiog with anxious fear the lantern which she held in hor band. She jumped asido with a scream when she caught sight of us, thenjaid hor hand on her heart with a look of relief. " Oh, blessed saints, it is tho gentlemen !" flho exclnimed. ' "I have just been to look after tho light in your room myself," She spoke ns ono conscious of having bestowed an inestimable favor. "It is burning brightly. The little oil lamp is high up in tho niche of the wall; nothing can overturn it. The oil Is of tho best. It will burn all night—" "Oh, come!" cried Ifarry, who by this timo had entirely lost bio temper. "Who wants your infernal lamp? For heaven's sake, let ns have a little plenco and dark ness." "Ah, no, no!" cried tbe girl, recoiling as If he had utrncc her—" not darkness f Tho gracious gentleman did not think of what bo as saying. Oh, sir," laying her hand on my arm as Harry pushed angrily past her, "von stirelv would not nut nut tin Unfit 7 You will surely let it burn all night?" and she sorely looked at me as defipcratcly as if fihe were imploring me not to cut my throat.- Her eye3 were full of tears. I felt sorry for such distress, even while I was annoyed by theso continuous appeals from a singularly light loving populace, and answered hattily, "Oh, certainly, certainly, my good girl." room and shot the door before she could peak again. Harry camo up and locked U. " Confound, them !" he said ; what is the matter with them nil ? Wc have matches, I hope. Why should they take such a pai- ticnlarly fervent interest in our lamp?" and he laid his match box on tho chair at tho head of the ponderous bedstead, beside tho candle which he had just extinguished. Then he reached up and blew out the little flame in the niche above our heads. "There!" said he, "I hope that's done with for to-night, anyway." girl I wouldn't put It out." " Weli.you haven't havcyou ?" he rejoined, roughly. " Now, you'd better not talk any more of that intollcrnble nonsense, or I thali get into a temper. Put out your own light when you're ready to go to sleep, and that's the end of it. I'm tired to death." It wasn't fivo minutes beforo bo had tumbled into tho wide bed, nor five minutes more before ho was asleep. I felt wakeful, and made my preparation in a more leisurely WIT. hnt nro4/>ntlv T tnn etrAttiA<1 am mu weary limbs on the soft feathers. Tho little window with its iron bars stood diagonally across from the foot of the bed, and ns I blew out my candle and sank back on the pillow my eyes fell on tho dim gray square. I seemed to eo some vnguo black form pass between me and it. My heart gavo n sudden throb, and I started to raise myself ; but before I had done so I felt in the darkness something ily at my throat. My hands went up iu- sti actively, and grasped the thick cold fingers which were clutching im? so tightly that it was impossible to breathe. The terror of death fell upon me. and with all mv strim-th I tore at tbe invisible hands which were squeezing my life out, bat 1 could no more move them than I could have moved the solid voefc. I was powerless to make a sound. I set my head nnd shoulders against the bulk which pressed upon me and tried to push it back, but vainly, though fn my Agony I writhed and twisted like a snake. 1 felt that I was growing faint, ray head rang, and my sonses wero faltering, when In my convuUivo movements my foot touched Harry's warm and sleeping body. I gathered my;clf to gether and struck out with all the strength I had left. I felt him roll orer, and then that be was sitting up in bed. It was like heaven to know he was beside me and roused, but even then I thought to myself there was iittlo chance of hia coming to my rescue in time. Harry called to me onco or twice, and then I felt his hand laid on my heaving shoulder. The next moment I folt him jump out of bed, And it seemed not a second before tho ilaro of a oandle lit up tho room. Tho pressuro was gone from my throat. I drew in tho air apain and yet again, bat was still too ex- hftuited psd bewildered to know Anything but that tho straggle was over, and I was once more drawing the blcsBcd breath of life. "Good gracious ! What's tho matter with | you?"Ihcard Hurry say; hutlonlymouncd. " Here, wake up !" ho cried, and shook mo by tho shoulder. I lifted myself on one olbow, nnd looked around with a sbuddor. There was nothing in sight but Harry, who was looking nt mc sharply. I put my hand to my throat ; it was bruised and soro to the touch. " Oh, Harry," I panted, " something awful has happened I" " Something awful 2" he repeated. " You've had nn awful nightmare, that's what's tho matter— nnd you you aren't nwako yet, cither. Shake yourself together, man, can't you 1 You look as If ynn'd seen a ghost. 1 declare your eyes are all bloodshot. Oh, nonsenso I" as I slipped back on the pillow, with a sigh. "Come, brace up, and have a little style about you." " Oh. Harry," I reiterated, " there has been something awful. It's no nightmare. I wasn't nslcep. The minuto the light was out : some one— something— came nt my throat, j In another moment I should have been | strangled, if you hadn't waked." I "Why, I didn't do anything, except jump out of bed when you khked me. You needn't thank me for anvthinu mare than wnkine you up— and'tbat isn't half done yet," i " Oh, I'm awake enough !" I cried. " Well, then," said he, " that's nil there is to be sold about. We'll blow oat the light and try our hand at sleeping again," and as ho spoke he bent over thecandle to extinguish it ; hut I caught him and palled him away quickly. "No, no!" I shouted, filled with uocon- Irolhblo terror; "let it burn.- Light tho , little night lamp, won't you? I've had such ; a scare I'm afraid to be left In tbe dark." " All right," he answered, with a laugh : " we'll keep the promise to Julita the rest of the night, anyway. I suppose it was your tmensv canseiMtM wmildn't IaI tnn voat In a few moments moro he was again sound asleep beside me, but my fears wcro not so easily quieted. A hundred imaginary noises mndo mc start up to peer into the distant corners of the room, or look up at the black i square of tbe window; nnd nt every little j quiver of the tiny flame burning In the nicho 1 my heart jumped. I lay awake till the dawn came in at the grated casement, and then fell asleep, utterly worn out, Harry was moving about the room, hum ming n song, when I woke. The bright sun was shinning through the bars of the window, I felt ashamed of myself, and when he caught my eye he broke Into a roar of laughter. " Well, I say," bo shouted, "I hope you've managed to pluck up a little spirit this morn ing. I never 3aw a man scared so blue in my life. For heaven's sake, tell us what you wcro dreaming about. A wholo menagerie, I should say. How's your neck this morning V' And ho went off into a freih peal of laughter, " Well, laugh if yon like," 6a(d I ; "it was awful, I can't imagine how I camo to got Into such a state. Good heavens 1 , 1 can't bear to think of it evon now," I paused a moment, for as the memory of the night's grisly phantom came back clearly an intoler able sbivcr of fear went through me. " Be sides," I went on, " my neck Is a!1 soro still. I believe you can see the bruises." "By Jove!" lie said, coming op at mc closely. " By Jove !" be repeated, touching my throat gingerly with thotipsof his fingers. "That's the most curious thing I ever saw! aimi iu ure an diqck anu oiae j now did you doit?" " That's more than I know," said I, " un ices the thing that came at mo last night did it." And then I told him every detail of my ourious experience of the uight. As I told it my own faith in its reality grew, and I could veo that he was impressed with tbe same feel ing ; but when I came to tbe end ho shook mniBcu, seemea to gainer his routed forces, and gave an incredulous laugh again. " Well," he said, looking down at rao from his great height—" well, that certainly is a queer story. And you think all that could go on with roe asleep right beside you and me not know U ? Eh ? Oh, nonsenso 1 You had lyugbtraarc, of course, and that's what made you kick out so. My shins are as blaok aod blue as your neck." " Yes, and what modo my neck black and bluo ?" I broke in. " Do you suppose you had the nightmare, too, and were trying to twist it?" " No, do! Of course not," said he. " You must have twisted your own fingers around it in your siecp somehow. That isn't unlikely as that a phantom tried to throttle you." And he gave anew a boisterous laugh. Thero was no use In arguing with him ; and besides I bad uo tenable ground for argu ment. I could not bring myself to believe in his explanation; but still less could I. in the full light of reason and giaro of day, believe in the unseen foe who had made the dnrkness of night so horrible. With nn effort I suc ceeded in dismissing the whole thing from my nunu, ana aressea to joiu Harry in tbe sketching excursion which we had planned tho day before. Julita was In the passage as we went through to breakfast. She did not seem busy about anything, and by her attitude I judged she bad been watching our door. At any rate, ns wo opened it her face was pale and troubled, but a moment later broke into smile3 as she saw us both emerge from the room. The landlord, too, greeted us with fervor, and served us an excellent breakfast, which bis fut wife came in to watch us cat. Indeed, everyone about the inn seemed to take an imcri-di ui ue, anu gaincrcu in me aoorway to look at us. This we attributed to the fact that we were, in a way, foreigners ; and they were all so good- natured about it, breaking out into smiles and expressions of satisfaction whenever wc looked their way, that we did not mind. to be continued. 