CHAPTER lit Tbe library more than made good the account given of it by ita late owner. It oontained everything in literature that could aid in making a man a modern Megian.. Mr. Army tage epent nearly all bis time there, reading and writing. The ohange in bis babite and pursuits eeemed to make a change in bis character. A certain cheerfulness and playfulness of demeanour disappeared, and be became grave and reticent, and to have an aversion to company, lint be was evidently growing profoundly learned; and one cannot do tbat without making eome sacrifice. On tbe otber band, it is difficult for society to dislike wealthy people, especially when one of the people is a beautiful girl, living in luxuriant eurroundlnge. Accordingly, tbe Army tages had a great many visitors, or, in other words, J uditb h^d plenty of admirers. 8he showed a talent for managing things, and the house hold affairs proooeded in an orderly and handsome manner. Eaoh guest was made to feel comfortable, and as if careful attention was being shown faim or her; at tbe same time no one was distinguished above tbe reBt. Mr. Armytage was uniformly pro duced upon fitting occasions, and middle-aged gentlemen and ladiee were on hand to ask him about hie etudie, and to orproBH interest and appreciation for all he eaid to them. Altogether, it appeared to he a tuo ceeafnl mdnage. Among the guests who turned up with a certain persistence that showed a liking for being there was John Rsvell, a man of thirty and up wards, who had been in the army. | lie had lived a nomadic and adven turous life on bis own account, and had lived several years in India. He was dark, quiet, and massitn^yrltb a large Bquare head and eyeB habitual ly introBpeotive, bnt sometimes gleaming out in a look of exceeding penetration. He would pace np and down the verandah with hie hands in his pockets, and bis head bent; be would sit motionless for hours in a corner with a book; he would often oonverBe with Mr. Armytage, betray ing an extraordinary familiarity with oocult subjects; he epoke little to Judith, bnt he watohed her quietly. One summer afternoon, ae she was walking alone on a path bordering the shore, became np from among j some rooks on the beson and joined ; her. 4 Who is this Mr. Noel Mar ?' he asked her, after some general con versation. ' Is he an old friend of your father's f ■;> * We have> known him abont a year,' said ebe, turning ber head away. 4 He resembles e'man I once saw in India,' eontinnod He veil. ' He Is much younger than this man wonld be now, but there is a strong like ness. He called himself Sartane. He was a rich man engaged in trade of some sort j but be was not in very good repute. He had nn nntisual familiarity with .the life of some of the nstive people, and it was said of him that be was an adept: in black magio. His end was rather odd.' • What was it P' asked Judith, who had listened with interest. ne wee foucd dead in his bunga low one morning, with a knife be tween bis ribB. At the inqnest it was doubted whether be had com mitted suicide or hsd been murdered. The body was nailed up in thrcoffin, and left in charge to be buried the next day. But wben they lifted the coffin to put it in the hearse, it was unexpectedly light, and thoy opened it. The body was gone, and was never found.' ' It bad been stolen f ' It wonld seem so, bnt the seals were unbroken. The natives eaid he had come to life, end got oat by arts known to himself end tbe Evil One. 1 wee reminded of the story by yoar Mr. Uer.' ' He ie not my Mr. Mar,' said Judith, end, after a pause, she' added, 1 Ton never saw tbe former owner Of-our house, did you ?' Revolt shook his head. 'He woe a retiredmerohant in tbe East India trade. He told us that he hod once killed o man. He, too, re- j eembled Mr. Mar very mnoh, only he was o great deal older.' ' Whet beoame of him ?' asked' Beveli. 'He died here. His body was found lying in that clump of cedars. There was nonpparentcause of death. But he seemed to know that he was about to die, for he* hod executed his will only the day before, and had left directions that his body wsb to be buried where it was found. ' rney warned on in silence, ana presently came to tbe cedar grove. It stood on a sandy knoll pear tbe water. Beneath the largest tree there was a low beadstone, marking a grave, though there was-no inscription on it. Bat as tbey approached tbey saw a figure stretched upon the ground— tbe figure of a man. It was, in fact, Mr. Mar, who now rose and advanced to meet tbem with a smile. He was a fine-looking personage, still yonng with deopest eyes beneath thick dark brows, and a narrow but lofty fore head. He was tall and slender, and his bearing was graceful and insinua ting. ' Tbo gentleman who rests there has chosen his place well,' he re marked. ' On a fine moonlight night one might expect to see his ghost there.* * Ghosts sometimes walk by day light,' said Bevell. 1 And do I look like one f rejoined Mar, laughing. ' In that case, I sup pose the proper thing to do is to vanish, and leave the living to their own devices. But be on yonr gaard, for though I become invisible to the eye, I may haunt you still.' So say ing, with another langb, he turned off amidst the shrubbery and was gone. After a moment, Bevell turned to Judith, and bold out his hands. ' I love you,' he said in a deep voice, ' Will you be my wife ?' She looked searchingly into bis eyee. ' But can you save me f' she asked. | He only nodded, and threw hie arms around her; 