FICTION A DARK POWER. One October evening, in tho drawing room of an old Sootdh castle, overlooking tho sea nnd tho Islnnds beyond, nnt n party enjoying a ohat. Tho window was open, though a wood firo crackled and blazea up the wldo chimney. From tho wooded grounds outside camo now and ao&ln; tho wild, woird Kntmd of a scrocch-owl, mingling its voico with the fitful gust of tho rising wind. "By jovol that's an coric sound, if you like," cried ono young man or ho raised him self from his lounging attitude to liBten. " Ain't it," answorcd another, asscntlngly, " about tho weirdest sound thero is on a wild night such ns this is going to bo?" " Please, oh pteaso, someone, do shut It out. It's so dreadfully unlucky, you bno'," suddenly exclaimed ono of the girls. " Why, Bliss Fano, you look quite scared," said tho first speaker.. "Aro you really so superstitious as all that? I gave you credit for moro sense." "Pleaso, shut tho window, please," sho cried, her white f&oo; evincing such evident earnestness that tho man roso laughingly to do her bidding. " Toll us what is the superstition : why do you foar tho poor Httio harmloss owl's voice as ho goes in Acnrcli of his supper ?" Hor persistent silenoo whetting his Innguid ouriosity, ho went on, plnyfulty "Tako care, or I shall uo obliged to will you to answer, nnd that in a serious business; you kno,' or at least it used to seem so to you lastycnr— " "Oh, don't," sho broko in, with rising oxcitcmont; "you don t kno' what you are shying " ".By-the-by," interrupted another, " do you remember what fun wo had here last year, whon. your friend, Miss— what's-hcr-nnmo : ah, yes, MissWaldy- was staying here, and that fellow. Major Gorst, the fellow who mes merised people, and was so gone on her ? I wonder what bocarao of them both, and if Rho over married him - though, I think, I remem ber hearing at tho iimo that thero was somo- ono elso, some littlo whipper-snapper of a missionary of somo sort in tho way. Queer orenturcB, women; fancy preforrlnga wretched littlo undersized missionary to thnt splendid great follow, Gorst. Well, thero's no account ing for tastes, thank tho gods, or, perhaps, I shouldn't run muoh obnnco," and tho young boy laughed bis breezy laugh and settled him self further baok in hiB easy ohalr by the firo. Tho first speaker began again. " You haven't answered my questions, Miss Fane, and wo aro In tho mood to bo easily amused after our long tramp thiB afternoon. Do toll us why tho owl frightens you, for I'm suro 4 thereby hangs a tnlo '?" Tho girl so adjured, glancing furtively at tho dark window, answored roluotantly, 44 1 havo always thought I would liko to toll somo- ono— but I novor havo yot— tho ourious coin- oldenoo of that most strange story. You ask mo what beoamo of Miss Waldy, of Major Gorst, and why I shrink from tho owl's hoot. Listen, thon, and judgo for yourselves whether I havo cau&o; to bo superstitious, nnd oxpintn to mo, it you oan, what is tho meaning of it : all. Miss Waldy and I had known one another for somo tlmo beforo you mot us both staying boro last autumn. Sho waB— you will sea why I speak in tho past tense a very olovor girl, remarkably olovor in hor way. Perhaps, - also, hor brain was unusunlly oxoitable ; any how, sho was given to a strong belief in tne supernatural— In ghosts nnd suoh things. ' Sho had a groat powor of mcsmorism herself, as you may romembor, and was subject to ' trances. Her noraonnl influenco over mn war : great, though I had novor oonsoiouBly allowed myRelf to bo raesraoriscd by her. I w&s; not really fond of hor ; thoro was too uncanny an olemont about hor somehow to allow for that ; but wo woro thrown a groat deal ' togcthor at tho Sl&do; sobool, whore sho had the plnco next to mo. Amongst other things, sho per suaded me to join the Psychical Rcscaoh Snoicty, being nlready a member herself, and deeply interested In its work. Tho only roafly human or natural thing about her was ber intonso nffeotion for somo poor loon of a missionary, to whom 6ho considered herself half-ongaged, though what thoy hoped to marry upon was a mystery, for he hnd de voted himself to tho most self-saorifioiog work among tho lepers whero Father Damion lived and dlod. She showed mo his photo onco, nn asoetio-looking, fair youth, with groat oyeB, whioh soemcd ever looking into tho next world— a fnoo on whioh than, it soomed to roe, death bad stamped bis unmis- takeable seal. Well, ono day she camo to mo, full of somo freshly discovered haunted house, and a pro- jeot for proving Us reality. Sho hnd been working vory hard— wo both boat and work had rather kuooked her up. At first I laughed at hor 6Ugg08tlon of our going down together to filocn a nicht alone in this ghost-haunted house in some deserted spot in the suburbs; butflnallysho overcame my objections, and It was arranged that on a oortain afternoon ths following week wo Bhould mako tho mod voyago of disoovory, invonting tho host excuses that wo oould at homo for our night's absence togothor. At last tho moment arrived. It was n wild nfternoon in Mnroh, bloak, and with a bitter oast wind blowing up tho narrow and mean little suburban street whore this uninhabited house stood. Tho short day was waning, and iiui u wiiB ii u uiuuij. iuu biup ucioro ino aoor wns oovored with drifted bits of dirty paper nnd dust. We stood somo minutes on tnis dismal spot ringing and knooklng beforo wo henrd a slow stop ehuflling along tho passages inside, and a fooblo light glimmered through tho dirty fanlight ovor tho door. Only ono smoky gaslamp flickered 6omowhoro down tho empty street. The rusty old ohntn rattled in tho iron door-plato, and tho door was oponcd a few Inches by a wrinkled old woman, holding a guttering aandlo in tho draughty aperturo. After muoh parley, and upon pro- duoing our house order, and with mnoy mur mured words of objeotion from tho old crono, wo at Inst galnod admittance. Sho lad us upstairs and through dusty passages to a front room, whero, she informed us, 44 it " wns most gcuerally seen. When questioned as to 44 its " nppcaranco and hor boliof in it, she turned obstinat oly stupid, abd said ebo couldn't stand tnlking all nignt. I nnd my friond laughed togothor as she left tho room, moro to keep up our spirits than at any porcoptiblo sparklo of wit in tho old crone's words. But tho laugh diod on our lips as wc henrd tho koy turned in tho look-on tho outside. Neither was willing to ncknowlcdgo hor sudden qualms of fear at this untoward cir cumstance, and wo studiously avoided ono another's oyes. Wo hnd brought with lis somo oandlcs, matches, and a tiny flask of brandy in enso of emergenoios, two books, and somo food for Huppor, I think wo both had begun to regret tho rashness of our prooocdingn, ovon beforo tho hootings of tho owls in a miserable littlo plantation noar tho house began to try our nerves. At first wo talked and laughed in tho vain belief that cnoh was encouraging the other, but before long, and after our meal — which wo spun out ovor ns much timo as pos- alhlo— was over, a curious silonoo began to doseend upon us. Wo found ourselves talking In whispers, and glancing sideways Into the oornors of tho empty room— empty snvo for two ohalra, a deal table, and a largo double- bod. Aa conversation flagged, wo took up our books to koop ourselvos nwako. Tho night was bitterly cold, tho oast wind penetrating through ovorv orannv of thn IH.fUHnr. „!« dows, and moaning along tho bmpty passages, j I here was no Gro in tho rusty grate, ami the j cold soon numbed us to the bono and weighed upon our heavy oyo-lids, so that last wo woro reduced to lying upon the bod with all our wraps flung over our shaking bodies for warmth, Bv-jyiil-by we began to grow dangorously sleepy, and it war im possible t? keep our eyes open. Tbeo we hit upon an arrangement by which each was to watch for half an hour while tho other dozed— so short a watch would uot allow of cither falling into too deep a sleep. For a short tlmo this plan worked well enough. Tho tall candles flamed on tho tablo at tho foot of tho bed, casting smoky shadows Into tho far corners. My watch was under ray pillow, nud oxccpt for tho wind aud tho weird hooting of tho owls outside, siionco reigned over the deepening night. I must ! have bcoti dozing at my post I think, for I ; suddenly started wide nwako with tho silenco throbbing in my oars, and my flesh crooing with somo indefinable sense of horror. Something had moved in tho room, something had touched mo in moving, something was different from what it had bceu half nn bpur ago. I looked at my watch —a quarter to ono — and my eyes glanced down on tho sleeping companion bosido mo. Oh heavens 1 what was happening? Was she going into one of her trances, and I wns to bo left alone with the double horror o( solitude, nnd the com panionship of n person whoso soul had gono, for tho time being, on a voyago of discovery j olsowhere P In what a passion of fear 1 6hook ; her, onlling loudly in her deaf-growing enrs. ! 44 Wake up ! for goodness snko mako somo | sort of effort 1 you shan't, you must not go : Into a trance to-night and leave me all alooo i to watch hero with only your body besido mo I Oh wnko up, if you havo any pity sit up nnd speak." Frantically I besought her, tho per spiration of fright starting in bens upon my forchend n« I endeavoured to got n fow drops of brandy between tho rigidly closed teeth. Onco sho turned ber gluziug oyes upon mo and murmured indistinctly, "It's no use, I can't help myself ; but nh ! snvo mo from him, it is too horriblo, too horrible," nnd with her oyes almost stnrting from her head sho fell baok, stiff nod straight, upon the bed with tne litcKoring liamo or tne candles playing upon hor paling chock. What hnd she seen as cnnsclouanc.ss-left her her ? What was too horrible, and who was 44 ho ?" Leaning on my elbow I bent ovor tho ns good as lifeless body my brain numbed with fright nnd sought for somo sign of returning consciousness. Even ns I looked a change seemed crocping over tho faco - tho color had faded, tho ohooks had grown hollow, tho mouth drawn and hard, tho eyes— where hnd 1 seen eyes liko that before ? large, dark, and with that unearthly ex pression of mournful solemnity, that " look ing boyond" as it into another world. In n sudden flash I remembered the young missionary . Yoh, tho fnco wns no longor that of Miss Waldy, bat of the young missionary. How to account for tho change I havo no moro notion than nny of you who aro sitting hero to-night. I only know that tho change wns thoro. But that wus uuii uiu wuruii. xiiu wiuiu iuou grew more ghastly, the eyes wider nnd deeper, ns if with somo awful and unspeakable woo, and —oh. how can I ovor mako you understand tbo full horror of all that thon grow under my oyes ? Havo you over read necounts, or seen, pioturos of lepers ? Well, imagino ono of tho worst of Rtich onsos— flcshlcss, noiseless, awful —yot still with those boseeohing eyes looking out of thnt mass of snowy corruption, and —added to the fonrfnl circumstances of my lonlinoss nnd strnngo position you may havo somo idea of tbo stato of my feelings thon. I supposo I must havo fainted after that, for when I next gained consciousness tho groy Mnroh daylight was dimly outlined tho riokoty window-sashes and Miss Waldy -with her usual faco, lot me add— was bending over mo. 44 You nre a nico watchor," sho cried, though in n shaking voice, nnd with still a groynoss ovor hor faco whother of fright or illness I could not tell. 44 Nloo watcher, indeed," 1 nuHwerco, in aimosi Hysterical renoi at getting baok to a normal state of things, 44 say rather you are a nice- watcher, to chooso that I moment of all others to go into a trance, and : leave mo to my own reflections and the ghost." ; But thon a full rcoollcotion of what I had : Reen overwhelmed mo again, and I shuddered ! as I began to speak of it. Sho laid a shaking , hand upon my arm nnd graspod out, 44 HubIi, never speak of it again. Wo woro fools, and j wicked to play such tricks with our nerves. | Oh, if It should bo truo— true. God grant it j wns only a dream." And sho would Fny no ; moro, nor Bpoak of what sho hnd seen in her tranco ; though I havo nover doubted but that U war Identical with what I have just do- scribed. Well, nil thnt summer she wns ill with a nervous attaok. She told mo onco that she had had no news for so long from tho leper island, though sho had written repoatedly. Major Gorst was very much to tho fore just about that time, and worried hor a good bit with his attontlons— so sho told me— in towu. And thon tho autumn oamo. Sho bad won honours and glories at the Slado, and folt that she hnd fairly enrned n holiday, whon tho in vitation camo for us both to stay at a mutual friend's houso in tho country, That wns to como off a week or so after we had all met thero— you remember? Sho had somewhat reoovered her spirits by that tlmo, nnd only gave way (o fits of tho awful depression that occasionally overwhelmed hor. Major Gorst was also to bo ouo of that house party a few dnys later. 6ho hnd beon bright and ohoory onough until lio arrived, and thon ono of her fits of gloom overtook her. Ire- member hor curious yostlepsneas tho night of I hfs arrival, nnd her saying to mo, as wo sat ovor her bedroom firo Into into tho night. 14 1 wiuh that man hadn't como. Ho has suoh I an uncomfortable Influenco ovor mo now, j though it is only quito lately I havo felt it, wwtubti.uva x uvl-ii iwiir uu may raOKQ mo marry him, dospito my lovo for Henry. Oh, if only I could near definitely thnt ho Is well, and so get rid of this feverish dread that has hung over mo since that night. I aan't rest. Sometimes I think I must go mad if tho sus pense is not onded soon." And, indeod, I feared for her reason thou, sho grow so excited as sho talked. Tho next morning she wns quieter again, nud wo all spent it out with tho eliontorfi in tho woods, whero tho leaves oamo silently falling earthward Uko golden rain. After tea we all sat round tho firo in tho hall talking, before the Inmps woro brought in. An oak gallery ran round threo sides of tho square hall, nnd hor room opened into it exactly i opposite whoro sho and I woro sitting. I Major Gorst kept up a sort of dialling ' flirtation with hor all tho ovonltig, with no undorourront of earnestness in it, as ho leant over hor obair, Wo had got aocustoracd to those two nnd their ways and paid littlo attention to what thoy were saying, ns oon- j tut euviuu uuuaiuu ymicnw. AC IU5C IliesmoriStTl and its consequences somehow oamo upper most ns a topio. Miss Waldy became sud denly silout, and I oould sco her fidgeting in her chair. Someono called out, 44 1 say, Miss Waldy, you'ro a dab at that kind of thing, I'vo always hoard. Now's the tlmo to give us a ' scanco', or whntovor it's called. Oan you raiso tho d— ? If so, pray bring him along that gallery abovo— horns and hoof and tail." 44 Pleasedon'Vshennswercd In a frightened voice, «4 1 havo given it nil up long ago." 44Nonsonse. Well, nnyway, you njight tell us what wns tho last spirit you saw, or made nttyouo elso sco." 44 No. Don't ask mo about those things. I- — " At that momenta vory loud and pro- longed hoot of an owl smoto upon our listen ing ears It sounded in tho sudden silenco as though it camo from closo to the window. Miss Waldy half started from her chair and thon sank baok ngnin, trembling all ovor," Major Gorst had his mosmcrio, aqrious hasjol oyes, with tho tiny pupils fixed upon her faoo, iio was watohlng hor intently, and I hoard blm murmur bolow his breath, 44 A penny for j your thoughts ; no, is not a penny enough ?" adding, an iustnnt Inter, in meaning tono whioh I think nono caught but myself, 44 What if I will you to toll thorn ? I havo had about enough play. I intend to flnd out ! what stands in my way ; and I intend you'to know tho truth— that I am 'roaster." As ho said theso words in a deadly earnestness he novor moved his eyos from her miserably whito faco and distended oyes that were gazing UBsoelagly along the gallery above, hfiao followed their direction, then— the door of hor room opened aud a dark figuro seemed to glide noiselessly to tho rails and stand look ing down between the open bars at us. Ob, it waB a ghastly sight. Wide, dark, imploring eyes, gazing out of a snowy, leprous feature less face. And in tho momentary hush the booting of tho owl sounded mysterious and muffled from tho dark garden outside. I suppose our rapt looks called tho attention of tho others, for evory eye was now directed to tho gallery abovo, but dully, unseeingly.and not with tho horror in thorn thnt I felt was written in mine. And when, a moment later, with a shudder ing sigh, Miss Wnldy covered her white faco with her shaking hands, the calm faces that exchanged interrogative) glances around mo woro Bulliciently convincing that no ono nniong them bad seen anything more start ling thun her apparently unaccountable agitation. The evening post at this juncture' brought in, nnd such of them as had received letters by it woro interrupted boforo they had well got through a pago of their correspondence by the awful, blood-curdling shriek of a mad woman echoing down the hall nnd along the empty gallery overhead. Ono glance showed usonly too plainly from whomltcamo. Thero sat Miss Wnldy with an open letter of thin foreign paper clutched tightly in her hands, and with tho staring eyes of frenzy bent upon I hoard afterwards that it was a letter an nouncing tho death of tho young missionary, somo months before, from tho terrible disease I havo mentioned, and giving tho pathetic details of his Inst day alive when ho cried out so oensclcssly for her— details whioh, I hope, poor girl, nover penetrated to her under standing, for I firmly believe that the first shock upon reading of his death unseated her reason, coming, as it did, so closely on tho sight of his apparition— for I know not wliat elso to call what I saw that ovening. She was taken to an asylum, whero sho hnd beon over sinoo— hopelessly. Incurably mnd. Of course, you will all 6ay that her mind had always been a littlo off tho balance, aud that of late she hnd let her thoughts dwell so ceaselessly upon lepers thnt anyone with so vivid nn imagination might easily hnvc soon what sho saw. Perhaps. But how do you ncoount for my sooing that awful vision twioo ? Was it mcsmorio effeot of hor strong imagination upon my weak ono ? and did Major Gorst induco it tho Inst time and sec it, too? or was it a spirit ; what wns tho meaning of tho whole thing?" Tho dressing bell sounding just then put an end to an nnprofitablo disoussion, and few of tho Inmates of tho drawing room but felt a distinct senso of relief from uncanny tension of norvo after Miss Fano's most gruesome nnd inexplicnblo rcoitpl of hor experiences of dark power. 