mOADBRhWS NEW YORK LET.TEli. ? Passion week, Holy week, Easter, glorious Easter, grandest religious holiday of all the year, is with us once again. On the wings of the wind, to every quarter of the globe, wherever the cross is recognised among men, as the sign and symbol of salvation, on this morning, shall be heard the joyful proclamation, '' Be hold, I bring thee glad tidings of great joy," and again the announcement, '' I am the res urrection and the life." ". ' _ In the calends of time there is iio parallel 'like that wliieh'coiisecrates this sacred day to peace or which brings man so near the solution of the tremendous mystei'iesof life and "death. Forty hours before the day' which ."Christendom has celebrated for nearly two "thousand years, a mighty multitude came ,pouring into Jerusalem, the great attraction fliat brought ,them there being the crucifixion of three criminals ; two were thieves, and the third a homeless wanderer who had been dis turbing the peace of the land for the previous three years. It was ill vain that His followers urged that Il6had committed no sin and had done 110 wrong ; that He was a man of peace and of blaijiele.ss life : the plea was useless ; they wanted blood, and they got it. This thirst for blood is ingrafted in our natures and will not-clic till all else dies with it. The drunken multitude sweeps along the way of sorrow, across the valley-of skulls, up the rugged sides of Calvary,' where the murder of the Man of Sorrows was completed. The atonement was. made in the blood of the Lamb-" It is finished." Itis finished and the Son "of Man, crying in mortal agony, '"My God,..my God, why hast thou forsaken me ?" bleeding, mangled and torn, gave up the ghost. Holy week, consecrated by the most mourn ful sacrifice recorded in the book of time, is now fijio grandest of our Christian holidays. And so it cometli that Passion, week shall represent to the Christian in every land the Alpha:and Omega, sunshine and shadow, joy and grief, hope and despair, glory and dis grace, ..triumph and defeat, light -and-dark ness, life and death, till the heavens shall be rolled away as a seroll'and'death be swal lowed lip in victory. 1 As I sit at my desk in the glory of this ' brighT "spring morn and ,look out upon the swelling buds and fast coming leaves, which tell the story of nature's resurrection, I close my eyes, to shut out all beside, and the glory magnifies a million times. . "Within my soul I hear the jubilate, " How Wonderful are thy works, 0 God" "Oh Death, where is thy sting,'.' "0 Grave, where is thy victory." j TherPresbyterian and Methodist councils havejbeen here all -the week, but in neither has any radical change taken place ; the battlefields of a hundred years ago are the battlefields..of to-day. In the Presbyterian council,the question-of heresy vexes their souls, while the Methodist sanhedrim is shakep, from turret to foundation stone on another question that will not down while one :ylv;inced woman remains alive to thunder at Jihgigate; of the temple asking for the restoration- of those rights which God gave her and "nan robbed her of, and which sooner or letter - Jie- must pay back as sure as God rulosi.andxeigns.. . B&tji; o.f;the councils have had their troubles, antVt-he late convocation mac-le it more evident thaix it ever was before that'the greatest wants of. jffij®-' church at' present time are peace aricY'harmony. The heresy of the Union Theological seminary 110 longer threatens Presbytei-ii.nism with deruplion, for a potent (j nation sprung upon the convention early i;i the session still remains unanswered. This week the sole work of our legislature appears to have been devoted almost exclusively to the consideration of the defects in the Raines excise bilk: I suppose that this particular bill was drawn with as much care and received as much good, square honest thought as any bill that has been before the house this session. A good law to be effective must have an lionest interpreter, and right here is where the Raines law failed, it had no honest interpreter. After its birth, with the rich promise of a healthy life, it was put to nurse in the camp of the enemy. Its fate was decided in a court where justice was administered by a judge who knew as much about law as he did about the Bible, and who the hour of need could swing up greater majorities for Tammany than any other man between the Battery and Harlem bridge. Wise beyond this generation was he, who gives to posterity, from the dropppings of his wisdom, the decision, "That a ham sandwich was a meal and a frankfurter sausage or a low Dutch bologna was an an entire table d'hote. This generous decision and liberal inter pretation of the law brought joy and gladness into the heart of the Raines hotel keepers in the classic neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen and "Paddy's Patch" and they felt like ex claiming with Shylock in " The Merchant of Venice," " Oh wise young judge, how I do honor thee." If a ham sandwich was a meal where a guest could be served with liquor what was an hotel. One provision was that it should have ten furnished rooms for transient guests good enough. "Good enough," said Paddy Lynch to Mike Fay. " Why this is just like picking up money in the streets;" and so it was, for it was in the streets that the gentle night hawks found their greatest pleasure and profit and literally obeyed the scriptural injunction, indorsed alike by the Pentateuch, the Talmud, the Sancrit and the Koran,' Confucius and the Vedas, " If you meet a stranger, take him in." Mr. Clarence E. Saunders is a worthy young Christian-in fact, I may say a worthy young Christian Endeavorer. Mr. Saunders arrived in New York last Tuesday, expecting to attack Beelzebub anclall of his imps efir.ly on Wednes day morning. In the meantime, while he was waiting for dinner, he thought he might im prove his knowledge of geography by takings 00k at the Bowery, of which lie had heard so much and seen so little. To the tourist who intends to write a book, there is no spot as interesting on the island of Manhattan. There you may see the identical man who was captured by Lieutenant Peary while attempting to climb the north pole. If you don't believe me, go inside and see for yourself. Only a quarter. Then there are kin«-s and queens, lords and dukes, and the (Treat Egyptian king who sent the Jews back to Jerusalem, and who made Joseph the be loved son of Jaeob a ruler over all the land. the winter has not been kindly to Coney Island, the proper bathing place of the greater New York's unwashed thousands. Many of the bathing houses have been swept into the sea, and several of the music stands, once so' attractive, have shared a like fate. Mr. Saunders, spoken of above, had never been in Nov,'York before, and most of his knowledge of that wicked city was gained from books drawn from his Sunday school library. Instead of going to the Bowery direct, he went the other way, and soon found himself on Sixth Avenue, where the devil is always on deck, summer and winter, night and day. And as Mr. SaundersTwilndered alon", seeing the sights, he found himself" suddenly beside two beautiful young angels. One of them looked him straight in the eye ?md' "iving him a gentle-nudge- in the. ribs, said' " How arevyou, sweetness ?" The other aii"el «arc liim a cliuck under, the cbm, re marking to her friend, "Ain; he a dandy ?" And the angel in the red hat with yellow and wreen feathers smiled 011 him and said, "A dandy ? He's a peach . . By this time Mr. Saunders began to fear that possibly his company was none of the best but he was not quite sure. So, as they were walking' along, they came t o a restaurant brilliantly illuminated, arid he asked the angels if they would not like some refreshments. The ancels answered that they were just think in" of that very subject, so m they went. Being seated, when the waiter approached, he addressed the usually stereotyped question " What will you have, ladies One looked at the menu, and, tossing it to her friend, said "Gin fez" and the other said Brand} smash." Mr. Saunders looked pained, but it could not be helped He had signeItlie temr/erance pledge at the request of Biothe Eodv,- though there was no part,eular need of it " for Mr. Saunders-had ne\ei tasted liquor in bis life, and if it could have saved him from the scaffold he could not have told the difference between Jersey a « scanned the bill, be nearly ramted. Still ' here was nothing to do but to pay it, wine he iVd and starting outw>than angel .,n each lie il.a, am - j ] , k r,,0111.oecu avm went.to .<1 otJ>u 1« ' k ,,lu,thev >r> i,' I >"???.?«>»* pkasantsUo. u n . his lo"g ..core .he} ' j wI)OM1 ho wauled 'pinii^ed for the crime of solicit with ,the two gay deceivers, who got away I with nearly 20dols of his good hard cash. The policeman not only took the young ladies, but lie also nabbed Mr. Saunders, who, being a stranger, could find no bail and was de tained' as a witness till the opening of the police court next morning, when the young girls were fined 3dols. each and Mr. Saunders was let go. He declares that he isa gentleman of fortune, who wished toaidthe cause of moral reform, so he started out on a private crusade of his own. His experience has not been pleasant; he now recognises, as he never did before, the wisdom of the old Greek proverb, "Nesuter crepidem"-Let the shoemaker stick to his last.- From out of this maelstrom of wickedness and sin which threatens the life of the Greater New York and which will make consolidation a blistering curse, instead of a lasting blessing, comes the firm resolve that the rum power shall no longer dominate our politics,state or national, and a new day shall give us a new life, where sobriety shall be the rule and drunkenness the exception, with a free ballot and an honest count, let the new city be born ; and with these reforms honestly carried out we can, trust the future of our country to Him who doetli all things well. i ours truly, BROADBRIM. 