THE GHOST OF SEA VALE "To be let or sold. A Tvcll-fiirnlnbetl wL2-oom cottapc. Ixively sceuer y, cloee to sea. Good flHhioif. Jxnv ront. ApRly agoiiL Sea Vole, Somerset." Tliu alx»ve mlvertlwmcut In a T»ndua paper wiw the talUunati which drew us So Sea Vale, a quiet watering place on |be Bristol Channel. My father, a retired nnval ofllcer, lulled town life; hut we luid llvc«l lu l»ndi>n for the Kftke.of the hoys. Their educa tion was now completed, find nil l>elng well out of hand, there rvnmiuMl no hindrance to my father's modest nuihl- tlou for life In the country, with a bit of llshltig to while away the time. The Knoll w:u a low. Irregularly built hou'ie. Ivy clad, and nestling at the foot of a larch-crowned hill, the slop'M of which weiv c'olhed tvith mossy turf, Jewtdled whli uwcct wild thyme, pink sea thrift, daluty harebells aud golden trefoil. In front of tho house was a large gar den overflowing with fruit and Bowers growing with HHtf regard 1" order, hat jjreHentIng a beautiful whole to lovers of niiKas.lilmod gard-Miing. limit hush iu-ch, glowing Willi uiassoa of bloom. hwis'tWIUllitmslu endless vnrlety.plnks. larkspuis, ami qualut-faccd panslcs gta-w Hide by aide with fruit trem. und vegetables. AlsniJ a mile 1k-jt,;uI the pmk-u Isi v the etiannel. of which then? was an unbroken view from every win dow. ' . .The inside of the proved exceed- ingly comfortable, although the i?nt ranee was soimnvhat. mean. rhcro being only a small lutll. with il»? foot of the stairs close to the do-»r on one side, and a long, narrow window on the oiber. This was exactly oppb'.iie the dining-room »h«ir. which room was of itulmr unique shape, having an alcove faring the door. Had the alcove been at (ilher cud of the room It would have glvon lengili, bin go placed It nei'iucd nicanlnglc.ss and use- lea, exts.pt f<»r the pm-jswe of keeping out of the. way a high, eumbcroonio. nntiqup cjihlmd, which othenvlw' would have greatly trespassed on the very ltinhed Kpuco. Tin- Knoll was the pivqwrty of a Mrs Marsh, but she lutd not c;ux'd to live tiicrr; since the death of her husband flve'yoam ago. -TIk? alwunlly low relit and the dis covery thai the Knoll had changed tenants nine times wllhln live years, made my father dubious whether this seemingly charming haven of rest tnlglil not pmve defective hi the nmUor of drains or water supply. Hut he deelded to take it for six months with the option or purchase at he end of (hat tfiuc. We went In at mldsnmtijer, and by Chrlstmao wore so, well satlslhsl thai wo'liml fallen upon a bargain such as we were scaiwly likely to again meet an <spial lliat my failier was almut. uuik- Ing arrangements for purchasing, when an Incident oceurtvd wkleh ulterctl our desire to pos.-e.si this plctnrewpte cot tage. It was Christmas live. All my brolhetv Avure expected heme by the last train, l and- my sister. Madge, wore putting up evergreens in tho lutll. Darkness fell upon us before we had completed our task, bul tin lamp ami llrellglil stream ing from -the open floor of Hie dining- ioom (when' Hannah, our one donn'sHe, tvns laying the (able In readluttsH ffir the rarellcrMl wiu# quite sulHclcut. Madge, w'ho was on a slep ladiler. plaelng ivy over Ihe window, suddenly gave a piercing shriek, and fell Iji a Iieap on the floor, covering hm' c.\es as though to shut out some fearful slulii. Hannah rmthcfl out of the rilmug-rqctii, and in no doing clotted the iloi>r a Tier her, whleli ndde<| to lite confusion until my father rame running flown sialrx with a light. "What upon earth Is I be mutter?" he cxclaiitiefl.as .Abulgc. springing up.Jlircw hctwelf into his anus atnl buried ber face on his shoulder. "Oh, father," she cried, "I stiw a dreadful old man at the window. He looked as If lie were dead. Is ho there now?" :uui she shuddered as she clung to him. ' My father opened Ihe front door, but lu!tig could he see but the laurel bush, -".grew (.'lose under the window. Is no one there. You are over- Zo Glg<'."he said, somewhat sternly. <ake all this rubbish away"— Knlnnill. ... ... ... >. t .1... v.r» 51 liM K "H u ,:,J u" u,v to xarda-he lefl Mitdgf? olf Into the tract, an ami poured her out n glass rrtfii.- "1 she cfiultl not be convinced JL oPEuer nerves that woiv at fault, aion, la. you mind staying with me, qkatiNf wlilIc 1 clear-up the holly?" 0 tatlon1'- Enormomjutnah?" I laughed. "Surely jyjADAjt afraid of the man at the Pleased |Ullt hbvi." she returned In a 1 - -Ay. "and yi>u must please get / elia» UH hik)I) its you call. 1 «hiy heiv nou- thai Miss Madge I, 11 Marsh." 2|d Mnrshl What do you main?" by, It Avas 'Im, MIrm, sure enough. -' «nw. 1 «-nn tdil wlimi I ,.ueie of tdd Mnrsn s ».m i uiim , Believe In ghosts then, and said IM risk sueln' Mtn anyway; but you see, Miss, it Is true enough." "I really do not understand you, Han nah. "Who Is old .Marsh 7" "Why. Mrs Marsh's husband, Miss, lie committed eulchlc nut ill tho garden there. That Is why Mrs .Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marsh comes and looks in at the halt window. He looks Just as he did when in his collln. I dare not live here, Mlsa, so please take a month's notice." "Iteally, Hannah. 1 am astonished that a woman of your age and sense should believe so ImimsHlblo a story. 1 suppose you luive Is-en telling Miss Madge Uds olisunl rumor." "No. Indeed, Mlsa. I have not. I prom ised Mr Small, tho agent, I wouldn't tell AVhy the other people left, and I shouldn't have said a word now if old Marsh huiln't come back." The arrival of the Imj.vh dtsmiRsctl for tbe time all thought of old Marsh, al though Madge was so timid In pasuhig Die liall window at night that I was careful to we that the bllful was drawn nt dork. .The Isolated ivIUon. of the bouse had hitlicrto made this worn tin- ncfvRsary. My father and the Imys treated liar alarm and UAnnah's deter- nilnatlon to leave as n huge Joke, until one night when 1 had forgotten to draw th blind, Herimrd, my ynuiigeHt brother, went from the dniwlng-ryom, whore Ave all were, to fetch something from tlio dining-room. "Futlior," ho called, "como here quickly." The sharp ring of terror or pain— we could not tell which — In his voice nuide us all follow Ai.v father Into tho hall. "Look," cried Herimrd, who, wltli blanclNsl face, stmx! mklwny lietwism tho dining-room and thu hall window ; "Is that old MnrHhY' There, sure euough, In the upper part of tho Avlndow, we all could distinctly sea the head atnl slnulders of an old mail. Tim features set. the eyelids closed, as in the awful stillness of death. In life It could not have t>ccn other thnn nn uuplcaslug foirc. hut with tho scat of death adding to its coldness and lianl- pew, It appeared jKWltivcly lildeoiw. . ''This must he n cleverly played triek," wild my fatlua', going close up to the iglass and peering out. Hut the cold, etill face seemed to mock hltn, for there It' whs; In sluulowy outllno agalust the laurels. ' He and the boys seinvhoil nrouud the -hushes, -hut uothtng could they see or hear wive the soughing ofUie wind and tho murmiir of the distant sen. Hour . after hour we kept going out Into the .hall. to see if the sluulowy form of thu old man wore still there. Yes. there It was, 'and tts very Inimovablcnefls added ' ,t;> Us liorrllde fascination. It was long after midnight before wo could bo per- Ml.ided to dlajTcrsc, nithough father, iqioti Ids return from puttlug out the lights In the dining-room, tluuikfully Iufonued us that the horrid face had diimppearod. "I .will fathom this to- morrow," said lie, "or ec we will go out of tho house at once. I will nee the ageut ami Ivear what ho has to say aboot tills coek-aud- . ball story Hannah tells." Accordingly next day lie went to 8ai Vale. Tho agent allowed th u it was reported -that The Knoll was haunted, but, trnhl he, "That, sir. U (»::<! Iv accounted for. . hceattne of Jfr Marsh dua I roy lug.iilmeolf , j i In the gorden faring the hoiBe. People are nJwuys ready to declare a . place I taunted that has been the scene of a suicide or niurdtT." ' Quito so," agreed uiy father. "I am no believer in gliosis, hot the fact re mains that mydaughtcrgi fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man, apparently dead; and we all saw the same face last night through the window. On no account stall 1 remain at The Kuoll uhUhs the affair Ik cleared tip. Will you spend an evening with us? Should Mho face again apjar you will al least he able to tell us if it re sembles tbo late Mr Marsh?" Willingly the agent acquiesced : hut though ho dime far a whole week noth ing was seen of the apiKiritloti. Tluit the man thought us little less than Idiots we were well aware. "I think, sir," said lie one evening when, he rose to go, "you will allow that It Is list-lefts my coining out here night after night." " It does seem like It," returned my father, "but come until the end of this week." At this moment Hannah burst into the room without cm-mony, crying, "Old Marsh! sir, old Marsh!" Quickly iv e went Into the hall, ami again were confronted by the cold shadowy form of the dc.ul man. The agent 'tool; one glance, aud putting up tils arms to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed In hushed, horrllled lone;;: "It Is he, sir, It Is Mr Marsh!" Explanation there was none. Sleep hi Dint house another night not one of us would. T.ate though It was. Ave Avall>,t Into Hen Vale and tuck rmmis until such time as wis could remove our belongings. The agent refused to again undertake the '.filing af The Knoll. lie wrote Mrs .Marsh a full acemiut of what he had himself witnt-wed. The following day brought him a let ter from .Mrs Mardi, who coninienced by expressing her thankfulness to have 't last discovered the reason why she couhl not keep a tenant. Having no jmrtralt of her husband she hud a cast taken af ter death ami a bust executed by a well- known sculptor. This bust site felt mire was not a tiling strangers would care to 1 ml tre alhiiu. Th»refore when she lei The Knoll furnished,!! was phieed on tin- top of the oak cabinet faelug the dining ns>m door. Tlint It av;ih the reflection of this bust thrown tipou tlu.- hull win dow she had bur little doubt. Kile re- qitestml the agent lo ask my father to go with liliu tu Tin Knoll and see for him self. We Avent Hull night <u a lx-dy. iiuiig eoiiin ih seen oi uie ousi iroui inc floor, hut upon climbing to the top of the step ladder there It was. pushed far luck against the wall In the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lamps and went, into the hall. There, as before, was the fare that had so alarmed us and previous tenants. Upon closing the door lt, of course, instantly vanished. We are still living at our beautiful collage, and we often congratulate our selves upon the fortunate discovery of an optical lltuslou. which, upon the re moval of Ihe bust, happily freed us from the presence of " The Man at Dm Win- tlow."-— ' "I/aidon Dramatic News." 