SASSIETY, SCANDAL, SUPPOSI TIONS, AND STATEMENTS. Ail Adelaide lady, who has just returned from a visit to Oeyion, is telling a good story bearing upon the •domestic servant question. One of the leading ladies of the island had discarded a white housemaid in favor of a colored article, and she was loud in her praises of the latter, who was cleanly and godly, and all the rest of it. One afternoon some guests looked in to drink tea, and the hostess began to enumerate the accomplishments of her new acquisition. " I've never had a girl like her," said she, " so willing, so good-tempered, and so clean. But you shall see for yourselves. She is now arranging the bread and butter, and we will take a peep at her." They peeped. And this is what they saw. Ayesha, or whatever her name is, was squatting on the kitchen floor, and between her naked feet was held a loaf of bread from which slices were being cut with a murderous looking knife. And as she cut she sang. But the guests didn't. Nor did they eat any bread and butter that afternoon. The young Queen of Holland has been forbidden to cycle because of the danger attending the exercise, Where upon Wilhelmina sings— What's the use of being a Qaeen If one can't ride the wheel ? What's the use of being a Queen To sit in a carriage of state serene, And never allowed to feel The joy of a " scorch " and the thrill of a <c coast f' It's better to be a respectable ghost Than a niminy-piminy Queen! Broken Hill has its Hospital trouble; in fact, hospital troubles occur all over the world. Dr. Seabrook, of the Silver •City, has called Dr. Erson a skunk and a liar, and up to date no blood has been spilt. Now if any member of our ex-medical staff were to call Dr. Napier a skunk and a liar the chances ■are that he would be laid out with a Fitzsimmons blow on the solar plexus. The last batch of prisoners sent from South Australia to Van Dieman's Land were taken in the ship Lady Dennison in 1849. Fifteen years later Tom Coward, who was then a lieutenant of native police in Queensland, recog nised one of the prisoners at Rock hampton. He had succeeded in escaping from durance vile. A son of the late Mr. Price Maurice is now engaged in prospecting the MacDonnell Ranges. A good many mining men are of opinion that a big alluvial goldfield will be discovered in the neighborhood of the Ranges. Such a And would be the making of South Australia. Mr. J. Wadding ton, the Chairman of the Great Boulder Company, holds 20,000 shares in the Company. He is reputed to be a millionaire. Dick Davis is appearing in a variety show at Perth. This is not the ex cycling champion, however. Dick finds enough variety'" in his Adelaide business. A Presbyterian parson in a country township not forty miles from the city was preaching on Sunday week from the text, " Honor thy father and thy mother," and a 'dressing the assembled children he said, " When your father is dead and your mother is in heaven you will remember, &e.;, <fee., <fcc." It is evident that the clergyman doesn't give much for the old man's chances of reaching heaven, and that being th9 case it is a matter of surprise that he did not eliminate a portion of the text. What is the use of asking a child to honor his father when that father is plainly going to a place where snow doesn't exist. There must be some queer folks at Mount Pleasant. There was recently what was termed a bicycle wedding in Brisbane, the bridegroom being the representative of a cycle agency and the bride the sub captain of the Brisbane Ladies' Cycling Club, thirty members of which attended the ceremony in uniform. Properly speaking the bride ought to have appeared in rationale, but she wore the orthodox white silk, and the groom, it is to be presumed, was attired in black coat and lavender pants. When the knot had been tied the newly married couple were photographed with the cyclists and their bicycles, which latter were decorated with white streamers. A young Welsh woman named Cuss recently married a man named Dam. The wedding notice read Cuss—Dam, and the neighbors are predicting that the Dam household will be very lively by and bye. Jim Phillips has terminated his engagement with the Melbourne Cricket Club, and henceforth will not play cricket all the year round with a couple of sea trips thrown in. Of course, this fact has nothing to do with the no-balling of Jones. Oh, dear, no. While we breathe we shall continue to believe in British fair play. Whitridge should be able to sympathise with Jones, for he himself has been "called." Old cricketers will remember Cornelius Proud's two-column article in the Register headed, " Does Whitridge bowl or throw %' which was expected to settle the controversy and didn't. If Jones is no-balled in the first test match the umpire will probably come in for a bad time. The State of Iowa has abandoned Prohibition. It is astonishing how quiet the temperance people are on the subject. The Rev. A. Wheeler, Anglican clergyman of Strathalbyn, is a great acquisition to that cheerful little town ship. Mr. Wheeler not only writes and composes songs, but he sings them as well. Af a recent strawberry fete and fair held by local cricketers Mr. Wheeler sang " The Bicycle Song" and "You don't say what you were going to say," which he had " thrown off his chest " so to speak, with great effect. The rev. gentleman has published one of his songs in London, and it has been heard with pleasure on local concert platforms. Dear Quiz—T've never read of the doctors' and chemists' social being re ported, so am taking the liberty of doing so on my own, a la Quiz's weekly reports of like social functions. Quite a large number of medicos and pill pounders, with lady friends, <fcc, assembled at the Society's rooms on Monday last to welcome a new member of the Roya^ Ancient Order of B.M.F. Association. The G.O.F. received the guests in his inimitable style, being dressed in an eight-inch smile and a pair of new trilby covers of patent leather and pearlies. The rooms were beautifully decorated with senna leave3, Peruvian bow-wow, chamomile flowers, and poppy-heads, whilst the castor oil trees in thus were quite a revelation. The overmantel had a background of logwood, c&scarilla; bark, and ghooly gum; on the eastern wall was a dado of cod liver oil and zinc ointment; on the western wall was a beautiful trophy of blunt lancets and bluestone. A wealth of liquorice root decorated the table, each guest having a spray of rhubarb by bis plate. The costumes of the ladies were very unique. Mrs. M. wore a porous plaster trimmed with syrup of squills and beeswax; Mrs. S , white lint bodice and skirt, spotted with cough drops; Mrs. K. was very powerful in a necklet of pink pills; Miss C. wore a headache wafer and a linseed meal poultice, and the effect was charming; Miss B., with her beau tiful head of golden hair, increased its attractiveness by sprinkling some iodoform on it. Without doubt the belle of the gathering was Miss R. She wore a No. 4 chest protector, a bodice of absorbent cotton wool trimmed with sarsaparilla, also a much admired skirt, consisting of 10 per cent, carbolic gauze, lined with limejuice and glycerine. Dr. F. looked very profes sional in his salicylic wool coat with antibilious buttons. Dr. K. wore a fly blister and a pained expression. Miss C., who has a sweet, sugar-coated voice, sang " The Pill-grim of Love," while Dr. F. sang " Oil, Corncure, or Dye," and for an encore " The Little Ipecacuanha Coon." Ju iging from the amount of whisky consumed (spiritus frumenti) there must have been an enormous number of microbes present. Altogether the social was a distinct success. So long.—Yours, Chamomile. "In the matter of " That's how a Supreme Court announcement reads, and those who are acquainted with the forms and shibboleths of our Courts of Justice know that some member of the legal fraternity is being called upon to explain some trans action which, apparently, has not been according to Cocker. But why should the matter be thus hushed up? If Quiz to-morrow were guilty of an act which brought him within the clutches of the law there would be no line in the newspapers—" In the matter of ——No fear The name would be given in fall. Who is Quiz that he should be shielded ! Or if a doctor has committed something which amounts to a malpractice does the law shelter him from exposure ? Not a bit of it There is no "blank " for the doctor. The lawyer is the one favored person in this respect, and as ib is the lawyers principally who make the laws and the lawyers who ad minister them it makes the thoughtful person when he has removed his right hand from the pint-pot and called for " another" begin to wonder whether our civilisation iB a failure and the Caucasian is quite played out. 