A MIRACLE IX.sVl^EY. -CASK INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED; FOR BY A PROMINENT ' MEMBER, OF PARLIA MENT. LOCOMOTOR ; ATAXIA V LONG' .CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY; _THE FIRST. jpHYSICIANS. OF THE AVpRLD tfAS' AT >LAST^E®ENVjC6NQU^Ep.\''..'\i-- ' A; GREAT VICTOR Y.EOR" J)R: WILLIAMS' _ j ; PINK PILLS. . ; i (From the 'Axsl'raticm Workman.) {On Thursday -.afternoon oiuvrepreseritafcire ni(ide his way to the humble, home of.Mr. Tliomas Jarvis, 43 CrOwn-lane,-Ultimo. He whs73isco^fed^niiVsmg X t"^YC'ir-pl'(l 'bab)-,'. and iii'3 '"face declared' Jiifn1 to bfe' one of the1 happiest iiieirfn Sydney."1 He was up atirl aboul' j arid able "f <jfanswer tKe knoek^rtlfecl^ipyAlv though: pais- and,'- bearing still- tht^-huu-ljs of a critical illness,'and a period of pain; it was very clear 'that he was an invalid oirthcrrapidroad' toconvalescence.. . ; . ; In reply to thejpreliminary questions liesaid.-.'. ".You want to'knowallabonbmj^case ?.- Welly I am glad of an opportunity to telj you. The fabts may be of value to those who are" stricken asl was." At" How long werfe yoti sufferingt": ...'.. v !" Well, twelve months ago.'.I got so bad tha.t I had to leaTe off work,-and-I Jiivedonanothing since then. About five years ago, next. Christ-; mlis, X met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bat h. in I'i'fcrstxeet,'.. Sydney.;' Srnce the accident I have been:in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I ~was.iorccd.to..giyejup,njy. billet: at the Glebe Island." - What were the symptoms?" Simply indescribable. The pains were sjiife tliing terrible. ? They were just about as mucfi" as| I could lieai'.- They were for all. the world like as if a saw were cuttiiig myjbones't m two in every partof me. I. had ria control over'iiiy": bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. l;vna incessantly-shivering arid shaking, and' could no.ithei'.ea t nor .sleep. Oh the 23rd . March. last 1 sa,w. a. well kuowri doctor and he told me thai my case w utterly hopeless.,,. HoweVVrrlie" ^y.k:n-)Te'ran~orrter to : the l)iree£prof .Charitable Institutions."'-.' ! ," Did you make use of the order V" "No; I-came home and went to bed, and have been-pretty well in bed ever since." Five weeks ago I could not walk across the. Moor ; in fact, I "could not get out of bed. 1 felt then that it was all over with lire; aiid only a question of days when I would give up the' ghost. My doctor A\as attending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony 1 was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He Came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised !>y -peculiar (liatnrbnnrr-s of_gait,_and- difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last iortcii years, and that I might never get the use of my let_s. (Just then thff patient kicked his legs about with energy to .how that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a sta-aw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the ad vertisement describing the cure effected in the ca'so of another boiler-maker iu England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr.' Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.' I read in "the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. . I determined to give the Pink Piils a "trial anyway, anil-sent for a-box.;'Tho'cflect whs as hiarvelloiis as 'it was magical; I was able to eat and sleep as though nothihg'wasthe matter with me. " It'was the'firsfapnetite and reptI had for many a day. .It was ihcre'dible. I .inlmediately-left-the bed aiidlwas able to move about. I have taken four boxes' of -Pink.-Pills, during the, past fpur weeks, and am now taking thje fifth box. lean: walk about, with the aid of' a §tick, and am gradually, but surely,^recovering my former vigor and-vitality; ? You/see those ferptches there ? ;They. are perfectly aHry and I" have never used theiii.They jv-ere ma'de for me.' before! got the "Pink 'Pills/ but ISvas" tbo 'weak .to.- usc.them,. and jiaitl don't jvanttheni.'-kill want is this stick, and I hope soon tb do without it.' . You see, I am rapidly regaining my -strength." \- He is IDO-per. asnL-bettcr," said MrkiKSig|- - who had come in- arid taken the.baby, on her knees: . " The -Pink Pills:liave saved his--life, arfd made'another man.of him." ' - "" ' ?: |A; friend who called in at this point; said that Jarvis'looked ten years younger tHatday than :hd did afortnight previously. , . . |",I can now,-' continued Jarvis, have a cold 'bath, and.all the:feeb'ng has come" back .in; my legs, tlfj keep on going tlie' way I am, I hope to! be;able. to resume "work" as a-boiler-maker, arid you know-IliaV-eto'-be in the very-pink of health and strength to work at that trade. - ;I: am better to-day thx^.r'have beeri at any "time during the past five years.' .1 "asoribe all. the change and benefit to these-Pink"-Pill6.'- - Tlieyt have saved my life.' -I 'am in no-pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the; mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia! pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the e^cruoiating pain But- they-can-staywhere thley are, forl.no longer, need .them. Every-: body who knows me has been amazed at tlie -change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.*' ' 'Suchiis this remarkable history, and it cori fitjms wliat is said in .all the-chief nswspapeis of| this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. i Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and; spinal disease, ' also the many disorder's w lich arise from an-impoverished.state 'of th'e bbod, such as auamu'a, pale'and sallow conl plaxton, general muscular weakness," indigestiori, loss of appetite,"shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. j. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection' with the remarkable"case' oflThomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he lias kijiown Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs t welve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard tha Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of'his recovery. He" understood Jarvis w}is refused admission to the Sj-dncy Hospital as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone-else "who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. " " " ? ;Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are-obtainable'-from al) leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine- Coy.,. Queen's Place, Sydnej', who will iorward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or pdst order 1 ,box for 2s 9d, or A dozen for 14s 9d. !X"0u5b FOR LOVE. -Take 12 oz. of dislike, 1 jib. of resolution, 2 grains of comhion-sunse, 2 \ 0z. of experience, a large.sprig.of.time, 3 quarts of the cooling: water of consideration. [ Set the mixture .over a gonfclo five of love, sweeten with the.sugar of.forgetfuLness ; skim it! with the spoon of melancholy, cork it with the cork of a clear conscience, then put it in tiie liottom of your heart and let it remain, and you will quickly find ease and be restored to your senses again. These tilings can be had of the Apothecary, at the House of Understanding, next doer to Reason, inPru -d'ent Street, in the village of Contentment. 