Queen Elizabeth. APPARITION IN WINDSOR. A very remarkable story has been pub lished in the 'Daily Mail,' to the effect that Lieut A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd battalion Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen Eliza beth's ghost in the library at Windsor Castle. The following statement was made by the Lieutenant's mother, the Hon. Mrs. Cfarr Glyn, to the 'Mail' investigator — 'It is 'perfectly true that my son had witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the library of Wind sor Castle reading a book, ' The History of Dorsetshire,' to be exact. As he read, he Decame aware oi someone passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with white lace on tho head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of view as my son sat. and ho did not take much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just upon four in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady was Avho was at Avork in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before * walked across the inner room. 'Then Avhere could she be ?' asked the attendant, having ascer tained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. ' But there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mi1. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieut. Glyn Avas the first man in our time Avho had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of tho Royal family have intervieAved him on the subject. As that he has spent nights and days in the library since in the hope of being vouch safed a visitation.' Tho Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, the famous Crimean veteran, and father of Lieutenant Glyn, said ' If my son says he has seen any thing, you may take it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, and he Avouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breadth.' Both^tho Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permission for tho publication of this state ment by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. A telegram was des patched to Lieutenant Glyn, soliciting per mission to give the story on his authority, and tho answer was — 'Certainly, if you like. — Gnyn, Grenadiers, Islay.' The representative of the 'Daily Mail' next saw M!r. R. R. Holmes, F.S.A., tho librarian of tho Castle, and writes — Mr. Holmes conducted me to the scone of the alleged apparition. He says that this gal lery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth time out ot' memory. His recollection of tho story dates from 27 years ago, and ho has been in the habit of spending Hallowo'on in tho gallery for several yearsvin tho hope of en countering hor deceased Majesty. Ho had heard some rumour to tho ofl'eot that tho Em press Frodorick had, when a child, soon an apparition in tho gallery, and on hor visiting Windsor hopes to secure some corrobor ation or denial of the rumour. It is probable the Rev. John Prior, D.D., Vice- President of tho English College, Rome, will bo appointed to succeed tho late Bishop Carroll in the Seo of Shrewsbury. There are in Europe four Nunciatures of the first class : Paris, Vienna, Madrid, and Lisbon. After not loss than five yours' service they givo the right to tho Cardinal's hat. Judge Joseph M'Konna, of San Francisco, a Catholic, has accepted the portfolio of tho Secretaryship of tho interior department in President-Elect Al'Kinloy's Cabinet. 