In thc Dead ol Night. (By Ada Camt)ridge.) CHAPTER V.-(Continued.) It vas slightly otherwise, at nine o'clock, how ever. Night was closing in on them, and with the night came the heavy storm that had been slowly gathering during the afternoon. Sombre thunder-clouds, riven with red lightning, and a deep and swelling murmur in the air, were the conditions attendant upon an uncomfortable start from the abode of Mrs. Venn, who, having sup plied certain demands, 'was 'wild with curiosity to know what for-the only fact confided to her being the intention of her guests to "camp out," which seemed about the last thing likely in the state of the weather. Half-way up thc green chase the horses, already at their fastest trot, delighting an the longcol. stretch ol' siward they had ever felt under their feet, were en couraged to break into a gallop; and the de serted stables were reached just as the furious rain began to fall. Here they found the con stable and Abel Rowe, his chosen mate-declare ed to be the best available-looking far from happy. They helped Wingate to shelter his . buggy, and «multe tho horses comfortable, and then to carry the contents of the vehicle into the house. How the great hall danged to thc tread af their hob-nailed boots! And the aspect of the iplace, In the light oí one candle and a bull's eye lantern-the hollow silence and darkness filled with the sound of rushing rain-how eerie it was! When such rain falls on your roof at night, particularly with trees about, you can always hear voices in it, gabbling to each other, if you like to listen for them; here they seemed to shout overhead, like wild birds pass ing over-a ride of valkyries above the st omi; and the empty house reverberated till one could well fancy that kindred spirits within it were ?answering to the call. .Nevertheless. Billy en ticed his evidently uneasy comrades to remain while the downpour lasted, keeping them in heart with the whisky fiask. He earnestly ad vised them to remain inside for the night, and watch the terrace from a ground-floor window. But they preferred the risk of rheumatism and pneumonia in a damp summer house outside. It wouldn't do, they said, with sheepish smiles, to make themselves too comfortable, since they had to keep awake all night. "Very well; only if you catch your death» don't iblaime me," said Billy, testily. He had ? scorned to plead nervousness on his own account, but was imore and .more conscious that it would have been a satisfaction to have his guards on the Inner side of the locked doors during the 'Witching hoiiiis. "Look sharp that yo>u do keep awake," he be sought them, as they turned to go. "Don't take youl* eye off that terrace and the window for a imciment; and cooee-'that ls, call out to me-if you see anything suspicious. I 'will do the saime. Good night! Take the 'macintosh rug .with you." He let thom out into the sweet-smelling, rain washed night, closed the heavy door mpon tbemi, and turned the key with a vindictive wrench, reflecting with 'pleasure ¡that their cowardice, as ho supposed it, had out them off from the support of his courage, .counipanioushiip, and revolver; then he and Nettie, crowding into each other's pockets, sat dawn to hearten themselves with a little supper. "I've got some more w.hisky 'here," he said, rummaging, "and I'm going to give you sonne, old girl. I aim Wishing, do you know, that I'd left you 'with 'Mrs. Venn after all." "Why, Billy? I ann not frightened. I .wouldn't .have stayed at home, away from you, for any thing; nothing should have induced .me. But I do think," speaking rather tromulously, "that those men 'might have kept us company the first night!" "I c-an easily unake them, if you wish. I can drive them in by threatening to shoot them if they won't come. But that wouldn't help much, amd I suppose it really is an advantage to have the 'house watcihed outside. Don't you feel safe with only me, sweetheart?" He put his arm around her as she sat upon his lince, and she dropped a package of sand wiches to the floor In order to kiss bim ade quately. "Oh, I do, I do!" she cried, and 'honestly meant it, for never had ber bridegroom shown himself so much of a man and a husband as he was doing now. "But this 'place"-they 'were In the great hall, for the security of a wide outlook: all round them- "oik, B'Llly dear, this placo is so, so creepy!" It certainly iwas-even Billy 'confessed it; far miore in the moonlight than lu the rain. No ordinary imagination could withstand the effect the conjunction of effects-presented. "We iwon't stay here any longer," he murmured soothingly. "We'll go to bed. Here, drink" holding a .potent tumnbler to lier lips. "I know it is nasty, but it will do you good. Now just one little sandwich to please me. That's right! You feel better now, don't you? You are not nervous now, are you ?" Gladdened to the heart by .his serious anxiety, responsively solicitous for bis ease of mind, she assured hlim that she feared nothing so long as her husband was with her. In the silent hug that .followed they touched a 'deeper note than .had yet sounded In tlhe 'merry nwusic of their joint lives. "Brave girl! Come along, then; stick elese to me. 'There's nothing whatever to be afraid of. It's only that the place looks so big and grand, and feels so full of its old stories somehow. This is the sort of thing that miakes ipeople feel re iligiouB In cathedrals, when they are quite cold and callous in a common modern church. Just imagine that you've been looked Into Melbourne Town Hall by mistake, and see kow little you will ?vare then!" "I can't. This is like being in another world." "It's the saime mid world, the same 'so-called nineteenth century;' and we're just as safe as imilo!" "Oh!" "'Comfound the thing! All right, aili .right; it's only one 'of the buggy laimips. I didn't see lt iwas there." .He had 'knocked it froim a (pile of bed clothes to the -floor, and the glass and ¡metal rang upon the bare stone. Echoes in the roof and galleries were like a flock of startled birds taking wing at the noise. "That ought to be a warning to the ghosts," he growled, in a vexed tone; "the very thing I didn't want to give them. Walt a bit, Nettie; listen a mioment." They stood quite still, in their small island af 'light, peering into the sea of shadows round them, fhe Haine ol the caudle slowed up into their handsome faces, so alive and alert, but loft dark, as in ¡aimbush, the eyes of the'dead Desaillyts watch dog the intruders aram the wall. Brighter every ancmient shone the imoon through the blazoned 'Windows, sharper its embroidery of cross-hars and flattiee-work came out upon the pavement under them; and the lighter it grew, the more like a haunted place it looked. Oh, boiw different things appear at night fromi what they do hy day! Billy iwishcd again that he had left Nettie with Mrs. Venn. "Listen!" he said, holding, her tightly with one hand, and the hu tt, ot his revolver with the other. But they heard nothing, except their hearts beating. So they started on their voyage to the west ?wing. Their supper had done them so 'nindi good that itihey dared to hiow the candle out and find their way by the light of the imoon; for, as Billy uaid, if they were to catch that ghost it was necessary to stalk h lim carefully. "But don't think of such rot," he hastened to add. "If you hear anything, uni nd, it 'will (be the dripping of the min, or the mice and i'atß, or the wind in chimneys and 'keyholes, or the win dows shaking, or the old boards creaking and cracking underfoot. Natural causes, remember not supernatural." "Oh! I'm not afraid of ghosts," boasted .Nettie, .whom whisky had made valiant for the mioiment. "N'or of anything else-'with you." She carried the candlestick and matches, her dret-sing-bag, and wraps; Billy had loaded himself VJ I th all their bedclothes, but kept his right hand free. They walked in their stocking feet, and talked in whispers. The first sensation, as of cold waler down her spine, came to Nettle as they passed the little room at the angle of the stairs. No curtain masked it now, and the moonlight poured through its encircling windows in a melo dramatic way. "That's where I saw her burning the lace," said Wingate, pointing. "Ob, don't!" gasped Nettie, seeing in her mind's eye the lace with blood stains on it. All the tragical story, as her young fancy composed it, seemed to act itself again before her; she dared not look into the little room, lest she should be hold the spirit of midnight murder bending over tho hearth. Oh! this was, indeed, an uncanny place to be astray in at such an hour! They reached, or all but reached, their desti natiou in the west wing, creeping past the little well staircase and the row of doors to the care fully-locked door at the end of the passage. Sud denly both stood motionless, arrested in the self same instant; and Nettie uttered au involuntary exclamation which Wingate instantly suppressed. "Oh!" "Hush-sh-sh!" "What was that?" A Bound which, if anywhere outside their own imaginations, was inside the sealed chamber, and not wind or mice or raindrops now. The noise, a deep rumble, was as if someone were dragging a srlid, smooth piece of furniture over the floor, rather like the sound of an earthquake, and the feel of it, too. A distinct vibration was commu nicated to the pair, who were as yet some dozen yards from the spot whence the movement seemed to proceed, the air being at the same time filled with a muffled hum, swelling for a moment and then ceasing suddenly, leaving the tomb-like si lenco as before. It might have been au earth quake, or it might have been thunder, the tail end of thc recent storm; but our adventurers did not think of cither possibility. "They've got in before us," whispered Wingate, dropping the bedclothes where he stood, and getting a grip of bis revolver. "Steady now! Don't be frightened. Light the caudle. Quick!" Ho turned the heavy handle of the door, ex pecting to lind it unfastened. Dut it was not un fastened; it was just as he had left it. Stooping, with the candle at his eye, he peered into the keyhole, and saw that no key obstructed it. Then he snatched his own from his pocket, wrenched it round lu the lock, and threw the door wide open. No ono was visible. The room was silent, and empty of everything but what they hud left there in thc afternoon; nothing had been moved. They stood for a minute or two just within the door, which, when they had brought in the bedclothes, they closed and locked behind them, staring up and down and from side to side; then, holding his wife's hand, Wingate approached the fireplace cautiously and looked up the wide shaft of the chimney, holding the caudle high above his head. "Nothing there," be whispered. Then he tlp-tced to the window, which he ex amined closely. No one, he found, could have got out that way. The two casements were both closed. He took hold of each handle of the ircn catches, and moved it up and down; beth worked well, but both had been in their sockets, and no draughts could have displaced them. Opening one door- like lattice, he reached his head out; the window, resting on a bracket of heraldic stone work, was thirty feet up in the wall, at least, projecting in the air, with nothing under it but flag pavements. Any burglar departing by that roula would do so to certain suicide. "What could it have been?" faltered Nettie, whose little heart was pumping violently. "Thunder, I expect. It must have been thun der." "lt didn't sound like thunder, Billy. It stopped too suddenly." "Couldn't have been anything else," he insisted, with some impatience; but he still prowled about uneasily. "If any of the village people are watching the house," said Nettie, as she placed the candle on the diessing-table, not far from the window, "they will say the ghost is here to-night, at any rate." "Blow it out," cried Wingate, and he extin guished the little flame himself as he spoke. "Let us watch for au hour or two. The moon is light enc ugh for anything, and it's as well-ha!" "Oh!" They stood like statues, listening, and heard the voices of the men from the terrace beneath. Win gate put his head out of the window again, and hailed them. "Coo-ee! You fellows there-what's up?" "We've only found another rope, slr. An old one this time." "Oh! have you? Anything else?" "Nothing else, sir. We heard a rustling, and tbought we saw somebody, but it was a mistake. We'll keep a good lookout, sir." "Just scour the place well before you settle yourselves down, and report to me in half an hour." They did so, but had nothing further to re port. "All right inside, sir?" the constable kindly in quired. "As right as a trivet," was the ostentatiously cheerful reply. "Did you light a candle and put lt out just now, sir?" "Of course I did. We like the moonlight best. You had better come along, you and Rowe, and sleep up here near us." "Thank you, sir. It's very comfortable out side, sir." "All right. Please yourselves. Gocd night!" "Good night, sir!" Wingate turned from the window, and he and Nettie made/their bed by the light of the moon. Tbey made it within the monstrous four-poster that had been Lexie's marriage couch for the few sari and splendid weeks that seemed to have been her last; the hair mattress and the big down pil lows were dry and wholesome smelling, for some thing seemed to have preserved the air in this room fresher than that of the rest of the house a circumstance, however, which did not strike them at the time. As they spread their inade quate blankets and linen, and tucked the old silk curtains back behind the bedhead and the v/alJ, they talked of various matters, but never mentioned Lexie. When all preparations were made, they were still reluctant to go to bed. They sat together on Lexie's sofa in the window, and let the cool, clean air fl>»\v over them. They giuscil at the high, clear sky uud the beautiful niuon-louched clouds, ut tue wide-branching "English" trees that were such a constant joy, and those majestic angles of wall with the ivy on them, the wet leaves twinkling wliero they caught the light. They sniffed the perfume of the rain, exhaled from earth and flow ers, the sweetest of all sweet things to an Austra lian nose. And, with their late unsettled nerves coii-pcsed, they remembered they were bride and bridegroom, and that, wherever they were, they carried their home shrine with them, as the snails, now coming out in such myriads, carried their shells upon their backs. "It only wants a nightingale to make it perfect," sighed Nettie, slowly drawing hairpins from her chestnut plaits. The nightingale had done his courting for that year; he was gone-only just gone-and would be heard no more in English gardens till April carno again. At about midnight they lit the candle once more. Wingate opened the door to take a last look into the corridor, and before he shut it laid a piece of paper over the outer keyhole, and stuck it down with some strips torn from the edge of a sheec of postage stamps. Then, locking it in side with the greatest care, he placed the key by the bedside, along with candle and matches, and the leaded revolver. They extinguished the light, and, feeling safe and satisfied, lay down to sleep. 