It JillllM. CHAPTER XXIX— (Cuntmuod.) A tall, slender figure came out from the ?orchard path, book in hand, aud advanced slowly toward the house. ' Was iL tho. ghost, llio wraith, the shadow o£ beautiful Kato Danton 'r1 Tho lovely golden hair, glittering in the dying rddianco oil tho sunset and coiled in shining twifils round the head, was tho the same ; tho deep, large eyes, so darkly blue, ?were clear and cloudless as ever) and yet changed totally in expression. Tho queenly graco that always characterized her charac terized her still ; but how wasted the supple foam, how shadowy and frail it had grown. Tho haggai'd change in the palo face, tho nor vons 'contraction ? of the mouth, tho sunken eyes, with thoso dark1 circles told their eloquent tale.' ' Poor child !' Doctor Prank said, with a look of unspeakable pity and tenderness ; ' it wan cruol I' Eony ran away to chango hor dress. Graco lightly dusted the furniture, and her brother Btood by tho window and watched that fragile looking girl coming slowly up through |the amber air. ' How tired she looks !' ho said. ' Kate P' said Grace, coming over. ' She is always liko that now. Tired atgotting up, tired at lying down,. listless and apathotieal ways. If .Reginald Stanford had murdered her it would hardly have beon a moro wicked net.' ; Hor brother did not reply, , A few minutes later Kato walkod into tho room, still with that slow, weary step. She lookod at tho;nowcomer with listless .indiffer ence, spoko a few words of greoting with cold apathy, and then returned to another window and bont hor . eyos on liar book. Captain Danton returned just as 'tbo dinner boll was ringing and his welcome mado up in cordiality what his daughter's lacked. Ho,' too, had changed. His florid face had lost much of its colour and hud become thinj and his eyes were over wandering, with a look of mournful tondorness, to his palo daughter. They wore fill rathor silent. Grace and her brother and tho captain talkod in n dosultory way during dinner ; but Kate never ftpoko, except whon directly addressed, and silonco was JDony's forte. Kato sat down at tho piano after dinner, according to hor invariable custom, but not to sing. Sho had novor sung since that day. How could sho ? There was not a song in all her collection tlmt did not bring the anguish of some recollection of him, so 'sho only played' brilliant, now, soulless fantasias that woro as empty as hor heart. Whon sho arose from the instrument sho rosuraed her book and sat down tit a table studiously ; but Doctor Frank, watching, her ^covortly,'saw she did not turn ovor a pago in an hour. Sho was the first to retire — vory early, looking palo and jiidod. Half an hour lator fiJeny followed her, and then Captain Danton pushed away tho ohessboard impa tiontly. Ho had boon playing, with' the dootor and began pacing fovorishly up and down tho room. ' What shall I do with hor?' ho oxolahnod. ' What shall T do to koop ray darling from \- dying boforo my oyesP JJootor Danton, you are a physician ; toll mo what I Bhall do ?' ' Toko hor away from hero,' said tho doctor, omphatically. ' It is this placo that iB killing her. How can it bo othorwise' f Everything sho boob from morning lill night brings back a thousand bittor rooollootions' oC , ,what is pas- and gono. Tako hor away, whe'ro thoro will bo nothing to recall hor loss ; take hor whoro chango and oxoitoment will drown thought. As hor mind recovers its tone, so will hor body. Tako hor travelling for tho summer.' ii yCH — yes,' said Graco, oarnustly. ' T am suro it is tho vory best tiling you can do.' 'VBut, my denv,' said Caplain IDanton, smiling' a little, ,'' you forgot that tho first wook of July wo are to bo mnvriod,' ' Oh, put.it off,' Urnco said ; ' what uoos a littlo delay mattor P Wo' aro not liko Hobo rind Reginald; wo are old and, steady, and wp can trust ono another and wait. A fow 1 'mouths' delay is nothing and Kato's hoalth'in overything.' ' Sho might go with us,' said, tho captain. V Supposo it took plaoo this month iiisumd of ? next, and wo mado n prolonged wedding tour ; ' , sho might accompany us.' draco shook hor head. ' ' ' Sho wouldn't go. J3oliovo mo, 1 know her, and, sho wouldn't go. Sho will go with you alone, willingly— novor with mo.' ' Sho is unjuHt to you, and you aro so gene rously run dy 'to sacrillco your own plans to horn, . 'Did you ovor know a young lady_ yot .who likod tho idea of a Htcpmothqr ?' said Grace) with n smilo, ' .1. novor did. Miss Danton's ?disliko nnd avorsion ai-o unjust, porhnps, but porfootly nutiiriil. No, no ; tho autumn or winter will bo soon ouongh, and lake Kato travelling.' 'Very well, my dear; bo it as you say. ?NTnw. whoro shall wo ffo P Back to JStig ' I think not,' wild Dootor Frank. ' Eng land has nonrly as many painful associations for hor as Dunlon Hall. Tako hor whoro sho haB novor boon ; whovo all things aro now and .BtniURo. Take her on a tour through the Unitud Stak-B, for instanco.' A capital idea, exclaimed the captain. ' It is what she has wished for often since wo came to Canada. I'll take hor South. I have an old friend, a planter, in Georgia. [I'll tako her to Georgia.' ' You could not do bottor,' ' Lot me^see,' pursued the captain, full of the hopeful idea! ' We must stay a week or two in Boston, a week or two in Now York ; wo must visit Newport and Saratoga, rest ourselves in Philadelphia and Washington, and then make straight for Georgia. How long will that take us, do you suppose ?' ' Until October, I should say,' returned the doctor. 'October will be quite early enough to return here. If your daughter does not comeback with new life, then I shall give upher casb in despair.' 'I will speak to her to-morrow,' said the captain, ' and start the next day. Since it must be done, it is best done, quickly. I think myself it will do hor a world of good.' 0HAPT13R XXIII. ; THE APATHY. OF A WOUNDED HEART. ', Captain Danton was as goad as his word. He; broached the subject to ? his daughter shortly after breakfast next morning. It was out in the orchard, where bIio strayed, accord ing to custom, with a book. It was1 not so much to read — her favourite authors, all of a sudden, had grown flat and insipid and nothing interested her— but she liked to be alone and undisturbed, ' in sunshine calm and sweet,''with thosconted summer air blowing in her face. Sho liked to listen dreamy and listless with all' the energy of her nature dead within her, to the soft murmuring of the trees to tlie singing or the birds overhead, and to watch tho pearly clouds floating through tho melting azuro above. Sho had no strength to wish i to walk now, as of old. She. novor passed beyond tho entrance gates, savo on Sunday forenoons, when sho wont slowly to tho 'little 'church of St. Oroix and listened drearilv^as if ho was speaking an unknown tongue, to Father Francis, preaching patience nnd long sufforing to tho end. ' Sho was lying under a gnarlod old apple Lrce, tho flickering shadow of tho loaves 3oming and going in her faco and tho sunshine glinting ' through her golden hair. Sho looked up with a faint smilo, at her father's ipproach. Sho loved him very much still, aut not as she had .loved him once ; tho powor io love any ono in that old, trustful, devoted way sobhiod orono forever. -'My pale'daughtor,'ho said, looking down at her Badly, ' what shall I do to bring back your lost roses P You are gone to a shadow. Would you liko a change, my dear ? Would you not liko a pleasure tour this summer weather P' ' I don't care about it, papa.'' 'But you will come to please mo. I shall tako you to tho Southern State's and fetch you back in tho autumn, my own bright Kato again.' Thoro was no light of pleasure or eagerness in her face. Sho'.only moved uneasily on the grass. ' You' will corno, my dear, will you not P Eunice will accompany you, and wo will visit all tho groat cities of this Now World that you havo'so often longed to seo,' ' I will dp whatever you wish,' , papa)' , sho said, apathetically. ' ' And you will give Eiinieo hor orders about tho packing to-day, and bo roady to start to morrow ?' ' Yos, papa.' ' Ogdon will romnin behind,' continued hor fathor in a lowered voice. ' I havo said noth ing to any ono olso as yot about Harry. I shall go andspoak to thorn both about it now.' ' Yos, papa.' Sho watched him striding away, with thut look of weary listlossnoss that had grown habitual to hor, and ' roso from her grassy couch with a sigh to obey his directions. Sho found Eunieo' in tho sowing room witli Agnos Darling, arid gavo her ordors to pack. up and bo' prepared to start next morning. ' Them shb'wdnt back to hoi1. seat under .the old applo treo, and lay oh tho warm grass in a stato bo tweo'n slooping and waking all day long. The day of doparturo dawned cloudless and' lovolv. Graco. her brothor and Eonvwont to the station with tho travellers and saw Ihom off. Kato's' farowoll' was vory cold, ovon to Eony. ; What was tho uso of loving or b'ping. sorry to part with any ouo,'sinco all tho world was false, and hollow, and deooitful P Sho had lost something — hoart — hopo — oonsoionco — she hardly know whal'; but somothing within hor that had boat high and hopoful and trusting' was cold and still as stone. Tho liltlo party on tho platform ,wont back .through tho yollow hazo of tho hot aftornoou, to tho qiiiot old houso, Ah ! how indosoribably quiot and lonely now ! Somo one might havo lain dead in thoso, echoing rooms, so deadly was tho stillnoss. Thoro was ono consolation for Graoo and Eonoy in thoir solitudo. Dootor .Frank was go ing to remain in tho villago. It was ohiofly lit tho solicitation of .Father Francis that ho had consented. 'Dootor Pillule is superannuated,''' said tho young priest, ' and old faBhioliod, and obstinately prejudiced .against all inodorn innovations, at tho best! Wo want a now man among us — particularly now that this fovor is Hprouding.' — A low fovor had boon working it's way in sidiously among tho pooplo niuoq oarly (spring and increasing since tho warm woathor had come. Perhaps tho miasma arising from tho marshes hud boon tho causo, but' Bovoral had died, and many lay ill thoso sunny Juno days, ' Your mission Hob horo,' Fathor Francis said, emphatically. 'You can do good, Dootor Danton! Stay !' So Doctor Danton stayed, hanging out his shinglo and taking up his nbodo at tho villiigo hotel. ' Doctor Pillulo all of a suddon, liko tho Moor of Vonico, found his occupation gono. Every ono likod tho pleasant young dootor, whoso ways woro so diffaront from thoso of Dootor Pillulo, nnd who Bat by thoir fovorod bodsidofl and talkod to them so kindly, Every nuo liked him; and ho soon found him sulf busy enough, but novor so busy that somo timo each day no could not run up for half an hour to Danton Hall. ' July oaino,'an'cl brought a lottor from Cap tain Danton to Grace. Like mauy pthars( ho hntod lotlor writing, and never porformod that duty whon ho could possibly avoid it, ( But Kato doolinod writing, abHolutoly ; so it foil to hifl lot. They woro in Now York, on the ovo of doparturo for Nowport, and tho im provotnont in Kato wan marked, Tho wan 'and sickly look was rapidly' pnasing away— tho olmngo, thu exoitompnt, tho Boa bathiug, tho gay fifo, woro working wonders. ' Slio has oroatod Homowhat of a srm Bation hero,' said llio lattor', ' and might bo ono of tho hollos if sho ohoso ; but slio doosn't ohoono. Hor col(lne«s,hor proud and potriflod air, her strange and gloomy manner, throw a halo of mystery around hor that hns fixed all eyes upon her and set all tongues going. We aro quite unknown here.and I don't chooso to enlighten any one, I dare eay more than one little romance has been concocted, founded on poor Kato's settled gloom : but beyond our names they really know nothing, Some of the young men look as if they would like to be a little more friendly, but she freezes them with ono flash of her blue eyes,' August came, burning and breozeless, and they were at Saratoga, ' drinking Congress water and finding life much tho same as at Newport. Kate had recovered hor looks, the captain's letters said ; tho beauty that had made her more irresistible had roturnpd than ever and made her moro irresistible. ! There was nothing like her at Saratoga ; but sho was aB deeply wrapped in mystery as ever, and about as genial as a statute in Parian marble, ? The end of August found them journeying southward. Tho beginning of September, and they : were domesticated in tho friendly Georgian homestead ; and then Kato, tired after her wanderings, sunk down !in tho tropical warmth , and. beauty and drew a breath of relief . She liked- it so .much, this lovely southern land, where the gbrgoous flowers bloomed and the tropic birdB, flitted with the hues of Paradise on their, wings.. She liked tho glowing richness of, tho south ern days and nights, the forests and fields so unlike anything sho had ever seen before ; tho negroes with their strange talk and gaudy garments, the pleasant houso, and the pleasant people She liked it all, and tho first sensation of peace and reBt she had felt all these months stole into her hoart hero. Arid yet it had dono her a world of good ; sho was a new being—outwardly at least — although her heart felt as mute and still as over. Her life's shipwreck had been so sudden and so dreadful, she had been so stunned and stupefied at first, and the aftor anguish so horribly bitter, that this haven of rest was as grateful as some green island of the sea to a shipwrecked mariner. ' Here there was nothing to remind her of all that was past and gone — here, where everything was new) her poor bruised heart might hoali' Captain 'Danton saw and thanked Heaven gratefully ? for tho blossed change in the daughter ho lovod; and yet she was not the Kate of old. All tho youth and joyoushoss of lifo's spring time was gone. ? She sung no more the songs , ho loved ; -they wore doad and buried in the dead past; hori clear, laugh never rejoiced his hoart now ; her fleet ing smilo came cold and pale a& moonlight on snow. . Sho took no intorost in the homo she had loft ; she mado no onquirios for those who wore thoro. ' I havo had1 a letter from Danton Hall,' he would say, ' and they aro well.' And she would silently bend her hoad, Or, V I am writing to Danton Hall j have you any, mes sage to send P' ' Only my love to Eeny,' would bo tho answer ; and then sho would stray, off and loavo him alone.' She was so changed to him as sho was changed in ot'uer things. Graoe. stood botween — an insuperable barrier. Soptombor drew to a closo. October camo^ and with 'it tho timo for' their departure. Kato loft reluctantly ; sho longed to stay .thoro forovcr, in that land of tlio sun, and forgot and bo at pouco. It was liko tearing half-healed wounds open to go back .to a placo whoro everything hor oyo rested on hor ear heard, from morning till nightr rocallod the bittor past, But fate was inexorable ; faro woll must bo said to beautiful Georgia nnd tho kind friends thoro '; and tlio commence ment of tho second week of Octobor, found them starling on their journey to thoir northorn homo, ? ? (To ho continued,) ? ' 