FOI TELROY. S BY A. DUBIVAGE. CHAPTER 1V.-(Continud.) -A boy who was passing-a boy of ?fourteen, a genius in his way, boot Sblack, messenger, vendor of evening papers, and persistent patron of the theatres of the Bowery-noticed the phenomenon of the waking up of the house after its long sleep and hurried home to his grandmother, a washer woman, who inhabited an airy shanty on Fifty-fifth street. Mike Foggarty looked so pale and excited when he tumbled into the one room of this shanty that Mrs. Fog garty, who was sitting up for him, asked him if he had seen a ghost. 'Bother with your ghosts!' said Mike. 'We don't raise 'em this side of the herring pond, granny. I've seen something queerer than any ghost - lights in the Fontelroy House !' :' Bure they were corpse lights, .thin,' said Mrs. Foggarty, solemnly crossing herself. S?Ain't you ashamed to try to cor rupt the morals of your grandson with played-out stories of ghosts and -corpse lights? None of your ignor ance and superstition for me. They was gas-lights wet I see, mum, and it's my opinion the old buffer, Fontel \- roy, has turned up agin, sure as shoot ing. In the old days Mrs. Foggarty had been occasionally employed as a char woman in the Fontelroy mansion, and Sknew as much of its history as anyone outside of the family. She was very fond of retailing this story to her orphan grandson, when he was in a listening mood, smoking a cigar stump, and basking in the sun on the cellar door, like a turtle on a log. Mike'sreportexcited theoldwoman's curiosity, and when he started off the next morning, with his box slung on his back, she insisted on going with him, sitting on the doorsteps while he accommodated a gentleman with a 'shine,' and thus advancing by easy stages to the Fontelroy house. Sure enough some of the windows were open, and smoke was issuing from the chimney. From the base ment was wafted a grateful odour of beefsteak and coffee. The iron gate in front was unlocked. Just then the door opened and a spectral figure appeared on the steps, thin as a skeleton, with long white locks and trembling head and limbs. Mike professed a disbelief in ghosts, but this ghostly figure, as he afterward confessed, 'pretty nigh knocked him.' The old grandmother, although somewhat awed, stoutly stood her ground, .as the figure de scended the steps with difficulty, crossed the short gravel path, and sidled through the gate to the side walk. Then, satisfied that it was a creature of flesh and blood, though there was only just enough left of the first to swear by, she mustered up courage, as Hamlet did on the ram parts of Elsinore, and addressed the apparition. 'Good-mornin' to ye, Mr. Fontel _oy I Welcome back agin to Ne Yor .ick! Ah! but it's a weary long time you've bin away.' 3ontelroy-for it was himself, or rather the g1hst of himself-peered at her curiously. ' You'll hsoi~ be afther remimbering me, sir,' said the old woman, with a courtesy. ' Me name is--' ' Stop!' said Fontelroy; 'don't prompt me. Your name is Fog garty.' 'Ah! bliseings on you for not for getting a poor old creature like me !' ' And are you as poor as ever ?' 'Much the same, your honor. Throubles have come thick upon me since the ould timeswhenI worrukedfor you. The last of my childer-Mike and his wife, too, are dead and buried, rest to their sowle! And Ihad a hard time bringing up this boy till he could care for himself. Ah! rich folks don't know what poor folks sufferes.' 'Yet you are cheerful and con tent.' 'If it warn't for the stout heart in me buzzim, how could I get through it all.P' '"Woman,' said Fontelroy, ' it is easier for rich people to guess' what the poor suffer than for the poor to guess the sufferings of the rich. Do yout think wealth brings happiness ?' 'I shouild like to have a chance to try,' said Mike. Fontelroy glanced at the boy alittle contemptuously, and then turned to Mrs. Foggarty. 'Are you willing and able to work ?' 'Sure I have strong hands and a willin' heart.' *' Then go in there, and tell the 'woman in the kitchen I sent you to help her. You can follow your grandmother, boy. I fancy I can make you useful.' 'Thank ye, sir,' answered Mike. ' So far as odd jobs, running of arrandes, and the like are concerned, I'm your man. But I've got a profes. sion, old gentleman. This here walk's my beat-if I was to quit it, I should lose my customers. some other chaps would out in and take the shine outer me. 'And then agin I can't give up my evening papers, and once more I must look after the shanty while the old woman's here. Much obliged to you all the same, but-give me liberty or give me death!' Something like a smile passed over the withered features of old Fontel roy. He looked at the boy-half gipsy, half Arab as he" was-not unkindly, and then, after a weary glance up and down the street, shuf fled back into the house. A woman named Jones and Mrs. Foggarty were the only domestics em ployed in the house. To those were added, in the course of the day, a stout-built man, who gave his name as Mark Robbins, and was furnished with excellent recommendations. Fontelroy was so infirm that he needed assistance when he took his daily exercise, as well as in dressing and undressing, and Robbins proved himself attentive and serviceable-in fact, a model body-servant. Mike Foggarty took the establish ment under his patronage, and looked 1in frequently. Fontelroy gave him a good many commissions to. execute, and had no reason to complain of his good-will and promptness, though the lad seemed born to ill-luck. He was always getting knocked down by a horse, or falling into a cellar-way, or something of the kind, and occasionally his face bore traces of a pugilistic encounter, for Mike would never take an insult from even a bigger boy-his Milesian blood and New York street education forbade. When the day's labour had closed, and the curtain of the Bowery Theatre had fallen (for now he was in funds he went there every night) he trudged his way home and slept in the shanty. Fontelroy took daily walks, very early in the morning, and very late in the evening. But they soon became shorter, and he leaned more heavily on the arm of his servant. One day he did not leave his bed, and sent for Doctor Carnes. The doctor was now an old man, and had given up practice, but on learning who it was that needed his services, consented to attend to the case. He had become much inter ested in Fontelroy twenty-one years before. He was closeted with the patient for some time. He could not detect symptoms of any acute disease; only a general breaking down of the sys tem; mind and body seemed to have given way under an extraordinary pressure. Yet there must have been a wonderful amount of reserved force in that organisation, for here the ma chinery had continued to work, though partially paralysed, as a steamer with one paddle-wheel continues to make its way across the ocean. The doctor'of course treated the disease lightly and cheerfully-ordered quinine, to give tone and appetite-a generous diet, enjoined cheerfulness, and took his leave, promising to re turn soon. ' Something is weighing on the old man's mind,' thought the doctor, as he drove away from the door. ' Some thing heavier to bear than sorrow.' CHAPTER V. AN OLD ACQUAINTAIE RBE-APPEARS. g Mrs. Jones, the housekeeper, and Mark Robbins were seated together one evening in a room on the ground floor of the mansion, ivhich communi cated with Fontelroy's bedroom. Bobbins had administered medicine to the patient and left him asleep. Mrs. Jonea was looking over the evening paper. 'Aziother purder !' she exclaimed. 'An old gentleman fouid floating in the North River, with a id5 of eonfu sions on his head and his pocketes empty. Identified as Mr. Brinker ioffer, who has been missing over since he drawed ten thousand dollars outer his bank and started for Hudson City. That makes the second murder this week, and spicy reading for the papers. Now if we hadn't heard nothing of 'em for ever so many years, I should a thought this might be one of the doings of the Knights of the Black Star.' 'What might they be, Mrs. Jones ?' asked Robbins. 'What ! didn't you never hear tell of the Knights of the Black Star ?' 'You know I'm a comparative stranger in New York.' ' Yes, and the gang flourished ten years ago. A mighty smart man what headed the gang. Lor'! there was more than a dozen murders traced home to 'em.' 'What! Were they arrested ?' 'No-no,' said the housekeeper. 'Not a one of them. But on the body of every victim was found pinned a card with a five-pointed star in the centre; 'When a safe was opened and robbed, these here villains used always to leave their card behind them.' 'And you believe all this stuff?' asked Robbins. 'Believe it ? Why it was printed into the newspapers. I read it.' 'And not one of them was ever ar rested ?' 'They might have been. But if so, they never blowed the secrets of the gang.' ' And they haven't left any of their cards lying round loose lately ?' 'Not for ten years. I expect they all got rich and went to furrin parts. But you'll excuse me now, Mr. Rob bins; I've got the pickles to see to. Here's the paper. You can read about the murder yourself.' When she was gone Mark Bobbins flung asie the paper, and said to himself: ' As if I didn't know all about the Brinkerhoffer job long before the boys went through his pockets and dumped him in the brink! What would the old woman have said if she knew she was talking to one of the Knights of the Black Star? Yes we left our cards in our tracks once that was the boss' order when he was younger and more of a bravo than he is now. Little did the old woman know that the Stars played their parts long after they covered up their tracks, and that the society has only just been broken up because the boss has a big thing which he doesn't want to share. 'However, he has promised me a slice, and if it turns out well, I reckon we'll both quit business. It's an ugly job, though-giving the old man a dose of poison every day. Somehow, the doctor's drugs seem to counteract the effect and stave off the end. How ever, the old buffer is sinking fast. I've obeyed the boss' order to the letter. I've picked Mike Foggarty's pocket of every letter old Fontelroy entrusted to him, and the letter to his lawyer he gave me I carried to the chief. I must say I should like to see the boss' hand. However, he knows what he is about. Let me see; his orders were not to admit anybody to the sick-room who hadn't a pass-word from him.' At this moment the door opened, and a man, dressed in black from head to foot, with a high shirt.collar and white cravat, long snow-white locks descending to his shoulders, and wear ing a large pair of grey goggles, entered the room, and removing his white hat, on which, by the way, there was a deep crape, said: 'I wish to see Mr. Fontelroy.' 'I'm sorry, sir,' replied Mark Rob bins, respectfully, ' but Mr. Fontelroy is too unwell to see anyone. He gave me that message himself, for all callers.' To Robbins' surprise, the visitor sat down, laid his hat and cane on the table, drew off his gloves, placed them in his hat, and crossed his legs. 'I beg pardon, sir,' said Robbine, 'bnt I think you misunderstand me. I told you Mr. Fontelroy couldn't see anybody.' 'He will see me,' said the visitor, smiling blandly, 'because he sent for me. I'm his lawyer.' 'Has the old scoundrel succeeded in communicating with his lawyer, in spite of my vigilance ?' thought Bobbins. 'What will the boss say to me? Anyhow, he shan't see himn. He can't see anybody, sir,' he re peated to the visitor. 'He is very sisk.' Probably the: reason for his insiet ing on my coming at once. In ex tre?mis, young man, that is, at the point of death, there are three persons who always have access to the bedside -the doctor, the clergyien, and the lawyer,' 'You can't see him for all that,' replied Mark, sturdily. ' iutyoucan leave your ca?r.' , ' How very kind you are,' said the gentleman.in black. He took a card-case from his breast pbcket, and selecting a card, handed it to Robbins. The latter had no sooner glanced at it than he started, and looked intently at the visitor, with eyes and mouth wide open. There was no name on the card, but in the centre there was a five-pointed black star. The gentleman in black, looking carefully round him, and then remov ing his glasses, said in a totally dif ferent voice: ' Bo you really didn't suspect who I was ?' SManuel Perez!' exclaimed his confederate. ' You are indeed a master-hand.' 'I rather flatter myself,' replied Perez-for the leader of the band of villains was no other-' that I am something more than a consummate actor. When a player attempts a dis guise on the stage the audience always know him at onice. But I not only baffle detectives, but deceive my pals.' ' And now, Don Manuel, who may you please to be in that disguise?' asked Robbins. 'My name, sir,' replied Perez, changing his voice, 'is Spencer King, attorney at law and notary public, and I come in the place of Mr. Horace Scrivner, who is at Saratoga.' Here the villain winked. (To be continued.) 