? A HAUNTED HOUSE. VAGARIES OF A GHOST. ADVENTURE OF TWO CON STABLES. HAND TO HAND ENCOUNTER. THE DEMATERIALISED WINS. An extraordinary adventure befel Constable Har land and a supernumerary constable of No. 2 Division early this moraine. Harland and his mate were patrolling along Clisdell-street, Strawberry Hills at midnight. It was dark and dreary, aud the beat was a lonely one, a most favorable time for the tiaitor from the nether world to indulge in a few playful antic3. ' There is an nn tenanted house on the corner of Dawson and Clisdell streets, formerly occupied as as hotel. The police usually gire strict attention to empty houses to prevent the fittings being stolen. Harland was just in the act of pointing out the premises to his mate, whom he was showing round the beat, when the pair of them descried something black sitting on the doorstep. . At first eight it looked like a houseless vagrant asleep on the doorstep. The officers approached, and Harland stretched out his hand to grasp the bundle w-ien, lo and behold, it rose up gently and before the eyes of the astonished police men vanished through the 'thick ' door. 'Georfrie' and ' Cissy ' the bobbies had heard about, but this was altogether too much for their comprehension. ' What little game is this ?' they queried. Determined to solve the mystery at all costs, Har land called to his mate to follow him, and they started round the back to explore. An entrance was effected to the deserted house by the back door, and the offi cers drawing their batons started to discover the whereabouts of the srhostly intruder. A match was struck and by the glimmering light theygroped forward towards 'the stairs, Bight in front of them sitting on the stairs and wholly unconcerned was the ap parition they had seen disappear through the door way. Both, officers ' went for' the utost with tr.eir batons, but at the critical moment the match went out and left them in 'darkness. Unfortunately it was the last in their possession, and Harland dispatched his mate for a fre3h supply while he remained on guard over the spook with drawn baton. The supernumerary constable returned in a few minutes with the. matches, and once more they started forward to seek an elucidation. The de materialised visitor was still on the stairs, but as the constables mounted towards it it rose up in that light and airy fashion peculiar to spooks, and put th.9 w&ole; length of the stairs between itself and the in quisitive constables. The latter, however, were not to be thwarted, and they followed in pursuit. '* There it is, Btrike another match,' said one officer to the other. The ghost was then bat a couple of yards away, ar.d looked wonderingly at the police. The match was struck, but the spook did the vanishing trick again, and this time flitted into one of the apartments on the first floor. For about a quarter of an hour the police kept up the chase, but only with indifferent success. Now from one room to another, then downstairs and baek again, in fact all over the house the unearthly marauder sped, witk the officers ever ciasa behind, without, however, getting to cIobc quarters. Fifteen minutes of this gentle exercise left the officers perspiring* freely, and totally unable to carry on the hunt. Dis heartened and discouraged they returned downstairs, leaving the ghost, as they imagined, going through some acrobatic gyrations m one of the upstairs rooms. As they reached the bottom they, turned to take a last look ronnd, when they beheld it following in their wake. Evidently the ghost reckoned that it was its turn to assume the roie of pursuer, and it was quick to act on the idea. This was too much for the officers, and they made all speed to get oat of the house and into the street. Fortunately they succeeded in escaping the ghostly clutches, bnt they are far from satisfied at the results of their labors. Arrangements have been made to take up the hunt to-nigat on. a more extensive scale, and should his ghostship deign to put in an appearance, he may. look forward to receiving a, mum receptioa. The'officers describe the apparition as being: of a- most extraordinary appearance. It had a pair of flappers like a seal, and the upper part towards where the head ought to be was enveloped with what looked like bags. . - 