MR. JOHN'S LOVE STORY. The wedding had passed off exceedingly well, and everybody was satisfied, especi ally with the fact of its being over. It had taken place at the old-fashioned early hour, so that the bride and bridegroom and all the guests might be gone before evening, and Mrs. Wallace, the bride's grandmother, might have time to settle down again before bed time. She was a very vigorous and plucky old lady, but she admitted that at four-score years it is well to keep to regular hours. It was evening now. Mrs Wallace had retired to her dressing-room, and the whole house had resumed its wonted aspect. At the drawing-room window stood Christy Wallace, looking out at tlhe lingering sunset, and meditating on the fact that no one was so thankful that the wedding was over as herself, and that for all her thankfulness life promised to be a little uninteresting just for the present. Blanche had been there so long, that though the cousins had by no means been all-in-all to one another, they had made part of each other's existence ; and as for Harold, he had been at The House all his life long, and had run in and out of Mrs. Wallace's house as if it had been his own. There had been a time, before and after Blanche arrived upon the scene, when Harold had come in and out as Christy's acknowledged, if not accepted, lover. Then Blanche's livelier ways attracted him, and nobody had much account of Christy's prior clainm. Mrs Wallace even had said little, and though she had de- vied a multiplicity of errands and occu- pations for her elder grandchild, she had refrained from petting, or any words of compassion-a form of consideration for which Christy very heartily thanked her. Christy was thinking of all this as slse leaned against the window, and could not be sorry that the strain of the lover's presence was removed. Blanche had be haved very well all through-been very affectionate and cousinly. but there was the faintest suspicion of kindly condescen sion in her treatment of the girl whom she had supplanted. As for Harold, his bluff good-fellowship lhad been a daily trial. They were gone, but the removal of her cross made Christy feel as if life would consist of nothing to do for some tisme to come. She looked up the hill to where the chimneys of The House showed between the treis, and wondered if MIr John was experiencing anything like her own fool ings now that Harold was gone, and lie ?had the place to himself. Sho wondered, too if, t.J ,,ruului allow him the use chris surname, or if he was to be Mr John to the end of the chapter. He had gained the name during Ihis uncle's life, and after Mr Turton's death, Harold, Mlr John's half-brother, had car ried so much the more imposing presence that thie squire still remained in the back ground as MIr John. He was quiet and studious, and if lie had any love for society he repressed it, partly from his disinclination to be outshone by his younger brother, partly from his desire to amend, if possible, the fallen fortunes of his little estate. It was known that his uncle had been ambitious that lihe should marry money, but Mr John ap peared to prefer to save ilis money by strict economy. If he had ever paid court to anybody, lie and that person were the only ones that knew it. Harold also would have been pleased to see him marry money, though he was generous to hin, and though Harold had a sulfficient fortune of his own. Harold had been much the bigger man at Thile House, and Christy half smiled at the thought of Mr John being torced by circumstances to take his own place. The sun was going down now, the garden lay in a shadow, though the bright rays still shone on Mr John's chimneys, and on the roses that clustered over Christy's window. Suddenly there wasa step oin the turf, and someone came lei surely around the corner of the house. "May I come in, Misc Wallace ? It is lonely up at The House." It was Mr John himself, and she has tened to admit him. " I was thinking of you," she said, ":and wondering if we were to take to calling you by your right. ful name inow that there is only one of you." "There has been only one of me all my life long, I think, and that one has been Mr John. It would be difficult to turn it into anythilng else, Miss Wallace." "Not more difficult, I should think, than you found it to change me from Christy to Miss Wallace," elshe said, with a little smile. "'¶Rhat happened, and had to happen, when you grew up," lhe replied, with a faint flush rising to his face. "When are you going to grow up, then, Sir John ? I was rather slow at it if it only happened five years ago, but you are even more dilatory," said Christy, talking for the sake of talking. "What do people do when they grow up? GOct married, like Harold and Blanch ? Well, I admit that we havo let our juniors get the start of us in that. I hiope they will lhave a happy life," lihe ended dreamily. "They expect it, and they are light hearted people. Blanele is not often out of spirits." Then the twvo lapsed into silence, and sat gazing out over the landscape. They wereboth thinking of Blancho and Harold, and of themselves as well. The sun set, and the summer twvilight had it all its own way in gardenand wood uis and meadow, and heore, in Clri.,t s ds drawing-room, too, whore thes l?r nt so figures sat by the window and umeditaoto d, Christy stirred herself with bi of e Ilaugh, as a thrush in the raacias broke Sinto sudden cry. " Iam keeping tyOu lcre ws- all in the dark," she said, and wouli hlas is risen to ring for lights. us "Not yet," besought Mr John. "I to came up here with a distinct purpose to. is night, and I do not know how to set ar about it. I am a shy, awkward elan. of Will you forgive nme if I miako a blunder?" to " Surely," answered Christy in be wilderment. it " I want to show you a letter you once s wrote me," and lie selected a note from e his pockletbook and handed it to her. s " Do you remember it 1" , Christy opened it and read it by the s waning daylight. He watched her as8le o leaned to the window, thinking what a 1 dainty, delicate hand soe had : S DEAR Mit Jons,-I am sorry you asked mo, because it is.impossible. Grantd. mamma could not spare me. Harold bwi explain it to you. Yours faitlhfully, CHRISTIE ALLACe. She handed it back to him. "I remember it very well, but it is a long time ago. I thought it must lhave offended you somehow, for it was then that I suddenly grow up." " It is possible for a ean to be hurt without being offended. The note hurt Sme, but somuething was said yesterday which made lme think there had been a mistake. Will you tell oe what it was Sthat I asked, and you found impossible 1" Christy began to feel nervous; there was something almost portentous in the extreme quiet of his speech. His face Slooked pale through the gathering gloom. " It was a nmessage that Harold brought from you. You asked me to ride with you to Bolton's Cove the next day, and I could not go, partly because granny did not think it proper for me to ride with i you alone, and partly because the ser vants were going to a confirmation, and Jones had to take my horse to drive them. Harold said lie could exolain all that in words better than I could in writing. I was vexed, because I wanted to go to Bolton's Cove. You see, I re. member it all very well." "Excellently well," he answered, with a curious intonation. "''Perhaps you will be surprised to hear that I never did ask you to go to Bolton's Cove, and that 1 sent you no message on that day." "I don't understand." "No," he answered, his hands moving restlessly, in curious contras to Christy's, which lay immovable ili her isp. "It seems that I had two friends just thou more anxious for my permanent welfare than my present happiness. I was writing a letter, of some importance to myself, when my uncle called me away. I left my desk unlocked, not suoposing that anyone would be likely to search into my private affairs, but it proved that I was too trustful. Harold examined my letter, and reported upon it to my uncle, and, as the result, my letter was suppressed, and a message devised for Harold to careu in its place. I have a copy of that letter. Let me light a candle ; I should like you to read it." Christy sat white and silent in her shimmering wedding-dress, ghost-like ine the faint light from the window ; scarcely less so in the little ycllow gleam of the candle. Not a pose or a motion of hers escaped Mr Jolhn that night. She was rather frightened now, when he set the candle down on the shelf be. side her, and handed her this second letter. The paper trembled in her hand, and she bent her head nervously over it. As she read she trembled more and mor'. for this was a plain and simple proposal of marriage from a man to whom she had never -dared to lift her eyes fronm that point of view, and the very simplicity of it was so like the writer that it was like Shaving his voer words breathed into her cars. It was written five years ago, and the was standing over her now as she read it. To him the time seemed endless as shie sat with bent head considering those brief words. But it was more than the words that detained leer-it was the shockI of the whole thing, and the diffioulty of realising its nmeaning. She moved at last, and he took back the letter. "The explanation that Harold gave me was you preferred himi to moe," he said, with the same forced quietude of his former speeches. " If I sent the letter to you now, what .answer would you give meo ?" "Mr John !" spoke Christy in startled tones. " If you said ' John,' it would be all the answer I would ask for,"' he anlswered. Christy half rose. Sho thought clho would feel safer on her fooet, and at that lmomrnlt tie door opened. "The mistress wants you in hler room at onco, Miss Christy, and shall I bring in the lamp ?" Christy went up swiftly to her grand mother-a little shocked at having for. gotton her for so long, and a good deal relieved at having gained time before giving hler anscwer. Mrs Wallace was sitting in her chair by the windorw, from which she might hIave seen Mr Johni's approach to the hlouse. " So John T'urton's here," she said, in ler sharp, quick way. "What's he come for, Chlristy r' Chrlisty's wits wCere hardly sufliciently collegted for hler to give an imnmediately intelligible answer. " Neovor miind," said the old lady, nod ding cheerfully, " we all know that he lhas not come to see if his brother is left beuhind in mistake. Now, look here, Christy, Jolhn Turton is here to propose to you, and you are a fool if you say ' no0.' liHo's no fool, and he's worth a dozon of his brothler. HIarold was good enough for Blanche, but le was not good enoughl for you, and 1 was not vexed when he threw you over for her. You take John; hlo's the man for you;" and tlhe old ladly niodded miore and more vigorously in ap probation. "But, granny---" beganC Christy, ap pealingly. "Tut, tut Never mind granny. There, you don't want to be vexing your self with the notion that I can't do with out you-I can manago, I can manag"! You do as Ibid you. Go dowrn and drop a lretty curtsey and say, 'If you please, MIr Joihn.' That's the thing, and there is no H1arold to come between you this time. Somei old womenC aren't so blind as they look, mny dear. Come here, Christy," seeing lhow her grandchild stood irroso lute, with face working and eyes susp1i ciously emisty. '"Bend down and kis your granny. You have been a good child to me, and a comfort ever siico I hlad you, and I want to see you lhappily settled. John's the man for you. Go down to hici, and to-morrow you can senid heim up to nio ; I don't want to see hint Beto Christy lingored, kneeling by her grandcnother, really crying softly, over come by the tenderness from suell an un expected source, coming on the top of so many disquieting thlings. MIrs Wallaco did not allow hler to cry long. "That's enough, Christy'!" she said briskly. "Cheer up and got about your business. You are keeping the imac waiting." So Christy had to go down. Mr. John, listening with the ears of an anxious lover, heard every footfall on the stairs; heard uncertain stops come across the hall, uncertain fingers laid on the door handle. His heart beat as irregularly as her feet moved. His eyes sought hers as she entered eagerly, anxiously. "What has Mrs. Wallace said to you?" "She said that John Turton had come to propose to me, and I was a fool if I said ' no.' - " Oh, John !" she said, in a 