AN EXTRAORDINARY AD 7ENTURE Of THE OLDEN , * TIME. /,?' ♦ — : — ? — In the autumn of 1798 a foreign gentleman passed through Schlien geri,' a very pretty plaee, but 'when crossing the hill to reach the village, and while journeying on foot he narrated to a native the following adventure he had experienced. Six months previously, he said, he had occasion to travel in Denmark. One evening he arrived late at a certain village, where an elegant castle stood on a neighboring hill. The landlord of the village inn told him it was impossible to provide him ?with bedroom accommodation as his house was quite full, there being three sheriff- officers in the hoifte, as a criminal was to be hanged on the following day. On hearing this the gentleman said—' I will go to the castle, the owner will be sure to give me a bed.' , The landlord replied, 'Many a fine empty bed is yonder, splen didly hung with silk curtains, and I have the keys in keeping in the absence of the master, who, with his family, is abroad; but assu redly I would rather you did not go, for the place is haunted. The owner and his servants were obliged to leave it on that account, and any one who goes- there once won't try the experiment a second time.' ' ' The gentleman, however, made light of what was said, and replied that he did not believe in ghosts, and would pay the castle a visit. The landlord again remonstrated, but in vain, against « his. foolhardi- ness, and so gave him the keys. Accompanied by his- servant, the . foreigner went to the castle. He .did nott take off his clothes, however, neither did he try to sleep, but waited to see what would turn up. He- placed two lights. on the table, and a pair of loaded pistols before him, and to pass the time began to . read' ?; ''The Rhinelander Hoiise .friehd.'Hewaitedforlong;butthere was no sign 'of a ghost appearing. At length, as the kirk clock struck twelve, a thunder cloud passed over the ??? caBtle, and large rain drops struck the window panes ; then three loud knocks at the door were heard, and in walked a frightful apparition with large black squint ing eyes, a nose about a foot and a half long, awful teeth, and a shaggy beard reaching to the knees. The spectre roared out in a frightful , voice — ' I am Beelzebub, the Prince of Darkness. You are welcome to my palace ; but have you,' before leaving home, bade farewell to your wife and children ?' The foreign gentleman felt a cold sweat ooze out all over him when he heard this ; and as for his ser vant, no words could describe his terrified state of mind. When, however, the form began to advance with ? dreadful grimaces into the glare of the bright light, the travel ler bravely stood up, and, present ing a pistol at the monster, said — 'Advance not a step further, -or I'll shoot you.' . Ghosts are not usually frightened by such threats, for something generally goes wrong with the pistol — either it is a ' flash in the pan,' or the ball rebounds to the . , . ? ' shooters. In this case the ghost raised his forefinger in a threaten ing manner, and retreated slowly. 'When the foreigner saw that Satan had some respect for gunpowder, ?''.?? he thought all danger was over, ' and took a light and followed the apparition, who was slowly strut ting dawn a passage. Meantime the servant ran past his master like a madman, muttering that he would prefer to sleep with the hangman overnight rather than remain a moment longer in the castle. Once ' ?? . y in the passage, the ghost turned round, and looked at the daring ? gentleman, and then suddenly dis , appeared. ; The foreigner then advanced , about a couple of steps to try and find out what became of his extra ordinary visitor, when suddenly he ' felt the ground moving from under his feet, and before he could spring back he fell through the floor into a dungeon below, where the glare of fire met his eyes, and- where he now believed he was a lost man. He had fallen about ten feet, but landed, however, on a heap of hay. When he pulled his senses to gether he found he had received no physical injury. In this sub terranean chamber he saw six remarkable-looking fellows .stand ing around a fire, among whom he discovered his ghostly visitant. Around were a variety of curiously constructed tools, and on two tables lay a great heap of glittering coins. The . foreigner mentally took note of all this, and came to the conclusion that he was among a gang of forgers — ordinary mortals like himself. Taking ad' vantage of the absence of the owner of the castle, they had ap parently set up an. apparatus for the manufacture of base money, as they imagined themselves there secure from arrestment. They had . also, spread the report that the, place was haunted, and that none cared to have a repetition of what they had seen and heard there. The traveller, however, by this time .repented that- he did not take the landlord's friendly advice given the pievious evening, and not ventured there at all. Shortly after they discovered him, the coiners pushed him down into another dark, narrow dungeon, from which^he could hear that they were holding a court-martial over him, and. were deciding that the best thing they could do was to kill him. One of the party, however, suggested that they ought to hear first what he had to say for himself, and learn who he was and what was his business. When they heard that he was a foreign gentleman, and on a special mission to the court of- Copenhagen, they were somewhat stunned, and said, 'The case is serious. If the landlord of the. inn reports that he went to the castle and never returned, the authorities will send the hussars, who- will drag us out, and hemp is plentiful this year, and a bit of rope won't cost .much.' So they agreed to pardon their prisoner, but bound him by a solemn oath not to reveal anvthing he ha& seen,. telling' hiin that a watch would be set on his move ments in Copenhagen, and he must tell them where he usually lived. ? He replied-r— ' Next door to the signboard 'The William,'— the big house with the green shutters.' Thereafter they regaled him with wine of Burgundy, and then they set to business until the sound of the herd . boy's horn told it was daylight. The foreigner after wards took his leave and thanked them for their hospitality, and with a joyful heart, set out for the vil lage inn, entirely forgetful of his watch, tobacco, pipe, and pistols. ' Preserve us all !' said the land: lord. ' ' Is it you back again ? I am perfectly astonished. I didn't close an eye. all night thinking over your fate. How did it fare with you?' ?.... ,,. The traveller,- however, thought on the s'acredness of the oath that saved his life. Shortly after the clock struck the hour for the exe cution of the condemned criminal, and everybody rushed to the scaffold, while he took his departure from the place. When he got to Copenhagen he kept the same secrecy, and was beginning to forget all about his adventure, when one day he received a small box by the mail coach. Enclosed were a brace of new pistols beauti; fully'inlaid with silver, a new gold watch set with diamonds, a Turkish tobacco pipe with a gold chain at tached, a tobacco pouch with gold mounting, and a brief note, which read — ' We send you this .to make up for your loss when here, arid for your silence. All danger is now past, and you may divulge the matter whenever you like.' The gentleman said that a better time-, keeper than the watch was never' made, that it showed if correct time was indicated when the noon day bell tolled at Hertingen. It was the same watch that afterwards a French Marshal in the Stork Hotel, at Basle, offered him seventy-five guineas for in Spainish gold ; but he declined to part with it even for this large . sum of money. 