A GREAT WROM; w y OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK UOLLOW GRANGE. o CHATTER VIII.—Coktisded. The door of the chamber opened and Clotilde entered. Iler young lady started up with an exclamation of delight. *'Ah, Clotilde, my messenger has returned ; have you brought me a letter I" " Ko, miss, uot a. letter, only a card. Sir Harry Trcsh.im is in the Blue Drawing-room, and begs that you will honor him with an interview." Miss Trevethon bit her pretty lip in bitter disappointment. " How mativ of them are there, Clotilde, that beg to be honored?" she cried, pttulantly. "It was Sir Hartwell yesterday, it is Sir Harry to-day, and no doubt there will be Sir Somebody else to-morrow I Why didn't yon say I WM engaged?" Clotilde looked np at her imperious and beautiful mistress with imploring eyes. " I wish you could fancy one of them,Miss Lenore," she said, wistfully ; "it might be better for you !" " So it might, Clotilde, but I can't do it, and I wish they wouldn't bother me. I mutt go down, I suppose, or we'll have Sir Harry back again to-morrow. Watch for the messenger, and take charge of any letter* that come." And the young lady swept out and down tb« stairs to meet her titled lorer. He met ber almost at the door of the drawing-room, a handsome gentleman, and one ot the b*st matches of the season. " Miss Trevethon," be said, when the compliments of the day had been passed. " Yon know why I am here, no doubt, before I tell you) I am ordered off to Belgium, and mast leave England in a few days,l have come for my final auswer." " Sir Harry, I thought you had already received it. ?" smiled Miss Trerethon. The smile encouraged the ardent suitor, and he made bold to clasp the hand be coTctcd, but she drew it away. " Ah. Miss Trevethon," he sighed, "do not trifle with mc. You would not if you could read my heart." " I have no wish to trifle with you. Sir Harry. 1 gaTe you my answer a week ago." " But I come again, hoping you may revoke your decision." " 1 cannot!" " Miss Trevethon, may I ask why 1 I have heard that the tnarrissK enjoined by youi late father's will is rcpupnnnt to you." "You hare heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally soieraniscd by a legal cere mony." ' Then, will you not suffer me to hope, Mis» Trevetlion ?" She looked up into his eager, impassioned face. " Sir Harry, do you know that by refusing to marry my cousin, I lose all my father's heritage '" she asked. The young nobleman bowed. " And yet you ask me to be your wife?" " 1 do."indeed. It is your pecrltiBS eelf ) want, Miss Trevethon; my own wealth ia ample." SNie. smiled softly, and her eyes filled with tears. "Despite the mystery which hangs overmy poor father's name, you would give his daughter the h-juor of bearing your own I" she murmured. " Oii. Miss Trevethon, is it possible that I understand you? Is there indeed hope for tne?" cricd"tlje young man, flushing with eager delight. J>he waved her fair hand v.-ith a gesture not to be misnndersto. u. " Nay, Sir H-.rry ; I really wish I could reward your generous love, but it cannot be? You see tiiis tinv circle," and she drew from her bosom the golden cliain from which the little marriage ring hung ; " it is a symbol of the bondage which 1 dare not break, which I would not if J could." " Then you intend to marry your cousin, Miss Trevethon V " No, I shall never become Richmond Trevethon'B wife ; but at the same time. I must consider forever sacred the ceremony which my father witnessed and sanctioned." " Why, Miss Trccthon, you cannot mean that you will never marry 1" She bowed her queenly head. " Sir Harry I shall never marry. Since I cannot take the husiiaud of my father's choosing, I will have no other." He began an impatient remonstrance, bnt she cut him short. "Sparc yourself the pain and me the hearing, Sir Harry, since your words are wasted. I repeat, I wish I could reward your generous love, but friendship is all I have to give." And thus they parted as Miss Trevethon and half a score of her suitors had parted before. f "That is over," she sighed, asshereascended the stairs. " I wonder if my heart is ice, that none of them has power to move me 1 I hate my chains, and yet I would not break them if I could." Her guardian confronted her as she was passing the library door. Ah, Lenore, my dear, I was on the pcint of sending for you. Come in ; I have something to show you." She followed him in silence through the stately library, and into the cedar boudoir beyond. You have had a visitor, my dear ?" be remarked, as he led her to a seat and proceeded to draw aside the curtains. ••Yes—Sir Harry Tresham," replied Lenore, indifferently. •' Hoa. yes; I forgot to tell yon to expect him. He called on me yesterday with second offer for your hand in marriage, and, of course, I referred him to you. I hope you gave the poor fellow a final answer; he's dreadfully iD earnest, and it is cruel to keep him in suspense." " I gave bim a final answer, Sir Geoffrey." "Ah, that was right. You refused him, of course, my dear?" Miss Trevethon's eyes began to fiasb, but •he bit her lip, and answered, quietly: " I refused him." "I am glad of that, my dear. And now I have a little surprise for you. I bare been planning it for weeks, my dear, and I trust you will be pleased. Now, look here." He drew aside the silken hangings which •eparated theceder boudoir from a tmall anteroom and Lenore barely suppressed a cry of surprise and admiration at the tight that greeted ber eyes. The entire room was in a shimmer of silks and laces ; robes of the costliest fabrics and most exquisite designs, a bridal reil that •hone like hoar frost, surmounted by a wreath ot orange-bloom, on an inlaid table a mass of fallen stars. Sir Qeoffrejr watched her for an instant with eager eyes, and then continued: M You can guess what all these fineries mean, of course ? Your bridal trousseau, Miss Trevethon, and a more extravagant one neTer touched English shores. And there are your jewels, all reset and rearranged, and the queen could not wish a finer selection. I hope you are pleased, my dear ?" Lenore stood silent a moment from sheer amazement, then she raised her cool, calm eyes to her guardian's face. " I must give yon credit for your taste in selection, Sir Geoffrey," she replied. " The trousseau could not be more elegant; but it would have been wiser to have consulted me before you ordered it. Yon hare WAS ted considerable money to no purpose.'" " Eeally, now, my lore," the baronet responded, "you are the first woman I erer met who found fault with her wedding finery because it cost too muoh money. I fancied you would be pleased at that. However, set yonr mind at ease, for you can well .afford theoutlay. I bare managed your fortune well, and the income has been sufficient for all the expense I hare incurred, whilst the principal remains intact." The girl curled her lip in indignant scorn. " Pray, do not affect to misunderstand me, Sir Geoffrey," she said. " You know my meaning well. I do not object to the outlay. There was no need to orderthc trousseau, for I shall never wear it." Why, Lenore, my lore, what yon mean?" •'Yon know.Bir; but you shall htr again If you like. I mean this : that I ^are no ased of wedding robes, because I su»ll never m*rry." The baronet laughed good bumoredly. Pshaw, my dear; that's all nonsense 1" "I beg yourpsrdo*., 8ir Geoffrey. But I am in earnest. What I told you in the Highland* I tell you har»—I never will marry jour son. It grieves m * to disobey tnr father s will, and X am sorry tv*take the Trtrethon wulth o»> of jour nal, 8ir Geoffr?/, but thxi frisJu&lai;!'. mJsm. »S|,i^i hen 1 teil you that I hare fully decided, ou will not seek to induce me to change my mind, for it would be a mere waste of words." She arose to leave the boudoir, bnt her guardian faced her, a curious change coming ver his smiling face. " You mean that I shall understand, then, that you refuse to marry ray son ? " "Idol" u What if I command you T" She laughed in imperial scorn. " If I dare disobey my dead father'* command, I shall not hesitate to disobey yours, sir I" " What if 1 torce you ? " Her eyes flashed defiance. "Force, Sir Geoffrey? Do you venture to use such a word t Yon cannot force me 1 If you presume to try, I shall resist and defy you I" " I am your guardian, and my power is supreme I Girl, you will do well to submit to my wishes. I hare granted you erery indulgence all your life; but you shall not thwart me in this. Do yon think I will suffer a whim of yours to make my only son a beggar, instead of being one of the wealthiest baronets in England? I tell you, yon than obey your dead father's will and marry him." " And I tell you I will not, sir," she an- Bwered, fearlessly. He caught her arm, and held it with a grip that bruised the delieate flesh; his cruel eyes glared upon her like the eyes of a wild beast; his breath scorched her teeth. "You fool," he hissed in her ear, "if you resist my will I mill murder you ! " The girl tore herself free of bis hand, all the dauntless blood of her race glowing in her fair cheeks. " You coward I" she cricd," to insult, and threaten a woman, and one of your own name. Bnt," she added, as she turned towards the door, "you are not a Treretbon: there is some mistake. You and your son are t alike; you do not come of . my race, for they were all brare and chivalrous gentlemen." He sprang at her with a cry like s growl of a panther. " What! "he gasped, clutching at her dress. What do you say J Do you dare imply that I am not a Trevethon ? " She tore her skirts free, leaving the silken fragments in his hands. " i say you are a coward sir, and your 6on inherits your fine qualities, she repeated, her voice ringing like a trumpet; " and I do not believe one drop of the Trevethon blood runs in your veins." She strode like an empres from the library, and he stood where she left him, his face whit'-, his eyes glaring. " What does she mean 7 " he panted. " If I thought she suspected the truth sbeshould not lire an hour." Lenore went straight to her apartments and rang for Clotilde. " I shall not dress," she said quietly. " You can have my dinner sent up. 1 shall be busy this evening and shall need your assistance. I want my best clothing packedup, fori shall leave Lyndith Hall to-morrow." " Miss Lenore ! " Yes, Clotilde, I am going. Sir Geoffrey and I have quarrelled, and I must leave Lyndith nail." The woman's eyes filled with teats. " My poor, dear child, where will you go?" Lenore put forth lier slim hand and patted her attendant's pale cheek. " Don't fret, Clotilde," she said ; " I shall find a borne somewhere. The little brown birds live in the hedges, and not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Are we not worth more than many sparrows I We shall not starve or perish from cold 1 Of course, Clotilde, you will go with me !" The woman clasped her hands with a gesture of unutterable Dain, her eyes full of a dumb misery that was terrible to sec. Lenore looked at her in utter astonishment. " Why, what is the matter with you, Clotilde 2" she cried. " For pity's sake don't wear such a face as that. You need not go with me unless you are willing. I was sure you would be, or I -would not hare mentioned it " I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth," the poor creature sobbed, " but—but—I dare not 1" " You dare not Clotilde ? and why, pray ? Do you fear Sir Geoffrey? You need not look so terrified. Answer me. Why do you fear to go?" " Don't ask me, Miss Lenore I X cannot answer.*" The utter agony of the poor soul's manner made Hiss Trerethon pity her, impatient as she was of such mystery. " Well, I will not seek an explanation," she replied, 11 and you can remain behind. But you will assist me with the packing, I hope. I wish to leave to-morrow, and desire to get among people who have no disguises. The people in this house all wear masks, it seems to me." Do not blame me, Miss Leuore," faltered Clotilde, as she set about her task. •• Do not blame you for being so silly, Clotilde? Well, I suppose I should not. Are there any letters for me this evening ?" In silence Clotilde bent over the trunk she was beginning to arrange. '•Clotilde, did any letters come this evening ? " repeated her young mistress." The woman made no answer. Miss Trevethon turned upon her with flashing eyes. '• Clotilde, why is if that you do not answer my question ? " she demanded. The woman turned round, kneeling as she was. and and raised her streaming eyes. " Miss Lenore, forgive me, but I cannot answer." ''You cannot answer J " repeated the young lady, her temper rising. " Are you demented I 1 tell you you shall answer me. Did any letters come 7" Clotilde's ashen lips uttered no sound. " I see, I see," cried Lenore bitterly ; _ . " they did come, and you have given them into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, you cannot deny it. You side with my enemy—you Clotilde, whom I have lored since my infancy I I expected better thingsof you than to desert me in my hour of trial." 4 to the 1 Oh, brim heaven ? " moaned I was not the my woman, cup alreajy letting full her head fall forward on her arms. " Could not this have benn spared me? " "Get up," Miss Trevethon commanded. " You need not trouble with tbe packing; I want no tra^orous services. Leave me and go to your master. Go, I command yon I and nerer dare to come into my presence again." Without a word Clotilde arose and crept out of the room. Lenore sank into the chair and looked out of ber window on the wintry sea below. " The entire household is in league against me," she murmured, "and the sooner I go the better. 1 would leave at once only the night is so near. If I could hare got the letter I should hare nothing to regret. I am almost sure it came. Well, I'll po to Scotland tomorrow and see if I cannot ascertain. Sir Geoffrey Trerethon shall be called to account for Ms high-handed fneasnrss tf he tiaa dared to intercept my prirate correspondence." Meanwhile poor Clotilde, driven from the - presence of tbe mistress she idolised, made her noiseless way to a small -smoking-room that adjoined the library. She hesitated for some minutes when she reached the door, a curious expression in her poor, worn face, and then she tapped twice or thrice. " Come in," answered a gruft voice. y She tamed the knol> and entered, room was a cozy little den, luxuriously furnished, and hung with sporting pictures of a low character. On a velvet concb, wrapped in an elegant Turkish gown, reposed the young heir of the house, Richmond Trerethon, a cigar between bis lips, and a email table, on which were a decanter of bnndy and a glass, drawn np beBide him. He turned as Clotilde stole in, and gave an impatient glance. "What the deuce do you want!" be demanded. Her face was a study as she stood for, an instant and looked at him, her hands pressed hard against her heart. Pain, unutterable lore, and piteous despair filled her faded eyes. The young man arose, leaned on his el^ow and glared across the room. ' " I say, what the deuce do yon want ? Why do you stand there and gaph at tne like • fool ? Out with youi business and take yoni ghost-face out of my sighV' -. The poor creature winded and shrank awap as if a keen blade had pierced her. *' Think of the tine when be,lay upon tny hearts blessed infant,"she murmured, undei her breath, her yearning eyes still fixedupor his face. The baronet's son, losing all patience caught up *he glass from the table With « brutal oatU. •'.Oat with your business, I say." fcr thundered, ^and take yourself off. The *$bt o.you ualGtt my blood ton cold, I'd «JBauff_ts?»?« wiew yon hear me t Speak quickly or HI let ft ray of light into your thick skalL" "I beg your pardon, eir," she faltered, • creeping a step nearer. " I came to speak to you about Miss Trerethon." S The young man put down the glass, and a look of interest filled his inflamed eyes. f 'Well, what of Miss Trerethon?" he demanded. *• She is coming to her senses, no . doubt." *' She*« dreadfully set against her father's will," Clotilde went on, made bold by the hope of BGrring the mistress she loved. " She will be miserable for life if you force her to become your wife; and yet, if she refuses, she loses all her father's wealth." "Curse you 1 don't I know that? Is that i all you hare to say?' roared the hopeful heir. If you would only have patience and hear me," continued Clotilde, her ^ery heart in her month, yet resolute to accomplish her object. " If you would only bo generous, i 3ir, and not hold her to that marriage of ber childhood. You might refuse to marry her, you see, sir, and release her from all obligations to you, and then she could still hold A her fortune, and I am sure she would reward yon handsomely, and you would be both so much happier." " Did she send you here with that nonsense ?" interrupted her hearer. " Indeed.(sir, n«. It occurred to me that it you refused her, instead of the refusing you, the fortune need not pass out of her hands; and 1 thought—" " Take that for your impudence," cried Richmond, his face purple with rage; and seizing the glass again he6ent it flying at the woman's head. She dodged it with a suppressed shriek of terror, and it fell with a crash at -Sir Geoffrey's feet as he entered the smoking-room. Seeing Clotilde bis eyes took on their wild glare, and stalking up to thepoor xowering creature, be vcintohec tier arm "with a force hat ertorted a cry btpain bom her ashen lips. « What's this ? What are you doing here J" be demanded. • Why, she's here to persuade me to refuse to many Miss Trerethon," put in the son, sinking back into his recumbent position, " and I threw the g^ass at her. I wish yon would send her out of the house. I cant see why you want such a dough-face about you." ' I can see," the baronet replied. " I hare work for her to do. Clotilde, follow me to the library." She looked at him as he ottered the command, and she cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur. Hare you broken your oath ? Hare you dared to tell my son ?" demanded Sir Geof frey, as he closed the library door. " No, I have not broken my oath. I hare not told him.*' The words dropped from her ashen lipB in husky whispers. " It is well for yon," the baronet made answer, clutching ber bruised arm again " Let me even suspect yon, and you shall die a death of lingering torture I" " I have suffered that for years. Ob, Heaven, will the end never cornel" she moaned. He threw ber from bim with brutal force. *' Silence I" he thundered. " No whimpering. Sit down and hear me; I bare work foi you." Without a word she regained her feet, and sat down in the seat he indicated, her handf folded, her ashen face like stone. CHAPTEK IX. LEXOKE SWALLOWS THE BAIT. The next morning Lenore eat in deep thought at her chambcr window, half inc'inedtosend for Sir Harry Tresham, and repudiate the marriage of her youth by accepting him. She felt herself alone in the world, and the sense of desolation brought tears to her eyes. She arose as the breakfast bell rang, hurriedly driei ber eyes, and went dawn to meet her guardian. He received her at the door of the breakfast parlor with a pleasant smile and a profound bow. •' My dear Lenore." he began at once, " I have been waiting for you this hour, to beg your pardon. I am a passionate man, my dear, and my temper and my disappointment got the better of me yesterday. You wiU forgive me, my dear, and forget my hasty words i" The young lady bowed frigidly. " It mattei-s little, Sir Geoffrey," she replied, " whether I forgive or not. Yonr words of yesterday hare changed our relations for all time. I leave Lyndith Hall today." A curious smile was visible in the baronet's gray eyes. " Lenore, my dear child—" " I leave Lyndith Hall to-day," interrupted his ward. Ko word of yours, Sir Geoffrey, can induce me to remain ; hence, I beg you wiU not trouble mc with importunities. The Trevethon wealth you can manage as you see fit, until it passes out of your hands. Henceforth the small income left me by my dear mother will suffice for me; and now, if you please, I will have my breakfast." She swept by him and into tbe breakfast room. " As the queen wills," smiled Sir Geoffrey, with a second bow. The baronet's son WSB not present. He had left the Hall at an early hour to ride with the hounds from Decrhurst, a country seat not far diEiant ,* so Miss Trevethon and her guardian breakfasted alone. "My dear Lenore," began that worthy gentleman, stirring his coffee, " if you must leave Lyndith Hall this morning, may I ask where you purpose going'" " I have not yet decided as to my destination," answered Lenore, coolly, and if I had Sir Geoffrey, I am quite sure I should not gratify your curiosity. As I told you a minute ago, your words of yesterday hare ( changed our relations forever. When a man (I will not say gentleman.. Sir Geoffrey, for . gentlemen never insult women) insults me j once, I make it a point to give him no chance ! to repeat the indignity. You insulted and I threatened me yesterday, and henceforth yon ; and The I are baronet's strangers." face whitened and his eyes flashed, bnt he bowed again, and repeated, (Tobi Coittimced.") 