CI-TAPTRR XXXI—HOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April clay. That never-to-be-forgotten August, ancl all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing all the land in living green. The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the King’s Oak, her sketch book in her lap, the flicker ing lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy play ed at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Danger field, in tlie drawing room, played waltzes on the piano; and Lady Cecil let books.and pencils fall listlessly, anti sn “lost in memory's mazes.” Light months had passed and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Trcgenna had stood by her side at yon der sunny boudoir window. Light months since, in the hotel parlor, he had pleaded with her to marry him—pleaded while all his heart was another’s—plead ed. and in vain. They had met but once since then, and then how differently! He had gone abroad, and resumed his wandering life. Before going, however, he had called upon Katherine—a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meet ing for both. Why he had gone he could hardly have told; some “spirit in his feet”—some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave Eng land for years without seeing her. There was very little to say on either side—a mutual restraint held them—the inter view had been silent hnd short. He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large eyes, and knew more strongly than he had ever known it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was the only one lie ever had or ever would love. And knowing it he had left her. Was it not wisest? Earl Ruysland’s daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all reparation she might be, but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud—proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent. No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escut cheon? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter’s fears—to play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wan dering over the world, striving to for get. But forgetfulness would not come. “How is it under our control to love or not to love?” He could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him, from his bei^rt. The pale, wistful face, the dark, sad eyes, followed him, haunted him wherever lie went. And just three months after his departure there came to Miss Dangerfield a letter, post-marked Con stantinople, pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all his love—a full confession. He could not be happy j witiiout her—would she be his wife ? Her answer was a refusal. “I would indeed be unworthy the great compliment you pay me,” she wrote, “if X accepted your generous of , fei\ My life has gone wrong from first to last; all the years that are to come will he too few for atonement. Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife must he above reproach. No one in the future shall lift the linger of scorn, anti say the last of a noble line disgraced it by marrying me. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, that I can be your wife. But the know ledge that.I once won a heart so true, so noble, will brighten all my life.” He had written to her again, and she had answered, gently, but with unflinch ing resolution. Again he wrote, again she replied,and the correspondence went on between them. During that winter long letters from every city in Europe came to the residence of Henry Otis. And so—they hardly know how—they grew to understand one another as they might never have done else. She learned, as the months went byr to look for the coming of those pleasant white-winged messengers as gleams of sunshine in her sober. drab-colored lire. As for him — how eagerly Sir Arthur Tregenna received and welcomed the re plies, only Sir Arthur Tregenna knew. Boi-d Ruysland had gone abroad. There was always a little amusement and gambling at Baden-Baden and 3d pm - burg. To Baden arid Homburg the noble earl went. For Cecil, her home was still at Scarswood—occasionally doing duty as governess, vice Miss Herrieastle, re Tn Bondon Katherine’s was a busy life. She had as many music pupils as she could attend, and she worked indefatig ably. Her home in the Otis residence was a peaceful, a pleasant one. No 1 mother could have loved her more ten derly than Mrs Otis; no brother half so j well as Henry Otis. She had her foreign j letters, too, growing strangely precious, and as winter warmed into spring there I was a sudden and most unlooked-for I visit from their writer. 1 “In the spring a young man's fancy 1 lightly turns to thoughts of love.” Well, not quite that, perhaps—Sir Arthur’s thoughts turned lightly upon row things, least of all that. A great longing to see i her. to hear her, had coroe upon him far off in Africa. All one whits Eastern ! night he lay awake, watching the yel low stars through the opening of his tent, and thinking of her. Next morn- ! ing he started for England. All the rest—his journeyings by sea ! and land—was but a feverish dream, un- j til the reality came, and he was stand ing in the little drawingroom at Mr Otis’s holding her hand, and looking in to the sweet, gravely thoughtful eyes. Was she growing beautiful, he wonder ed : was it only the blindness and glamor of love, or—and this was most likely— was it the serene sweetness of an altered life shining through the deep grey eyes? Again he pleaded—again she refused. “It cannot be—it cannot' Oh, believe it, and forget me! It is impossible that I. after all that is past, can ever marry!” “Always the past!” he cried bitterly. “ Does all your suffering, all your wrongs, all your atonement go for noth ing? If I can forget the past, Katherine, surely you may?" “You forget it now. In the years to ! come you may be forced to remember it; and, as your wife, I don’t think I could bear that.” “Am I a scoundrel in your eyes!” he cried out, a passion in his voice very new there, “that, having won you for my wife. T should ever give you cause to re “I did not mean that. I think nothing of you but what is generous and noble. If you repented, I know well I should never see it, if you could help it: but I think I should see it for all that. She who was once Helen ■ Herncastle can never be Eadv Tregenna.” He turned away from her—such keen disappointment, such bitter pain, writ ten in his face, that her heart relented. She liked him so much—so much that she began to wonder if the liking were not loving. It was hardly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love as his should not beget love. “Oh, forgive me,” she penitently cried, “if I have wounded you! Indeed, I did not mean it! I do like 3-011, but it is for your good, \\-our happiness. I speak—can not you see that?” * “I can see nothing but that without 3'ou 1113- life will go wrong—will be utter I3- miserable. Katherine, I love you! What more can I say? Love me in re turn, and be m3' wife!” He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute—longing, 3-et dread ing to go, for his sake. > .“Come to me,” he pleaded, ‘.‘m3- bride —my wife! Forgot the past has ever been—it shall never come between us! Come, and make the happiness of my life!” And then, as he enfolded her, and her head fell on his shoulder. Katherine knew that peace had found her out at (To he continued.) 