\- A iV EG YPTIA N - FUNERA L: ! When an'ancient Egyptian closed his;eyes oil this world, his family must still have had Considerable anxiety, being still liable to great Annoyance on his: account. r .Herhad to be buried, of course. He not only required to be mummified before he was-buried, but he Had to bs got through an ordeal of character ; the which if he were unable to pass, he could not be decently put to his rest, but had to be 0itHeV? taken' liome again: fri his niumniy^ ease rind stood ignominiouSly 'and inconveniently ijbout the place, or hurriedly buried ' in ii golgotha of disgrace and. scorn. Near each cfity of importance in, ancient - Egypt- .there Was a lake made, and upon the lake a funeral boat was placed. Every respectable dead; person went in that boat to his tomb; and if he could not get a passage, his fate", was con sidered extremely, discreditable! to/himself and his family. It was not (m'tlieory, that is to say) money .that, could get liinvoyer the ferry ; though want of money was then, as now, a crime ; for if: he. died in debt his creditor had legal power to forbidithe poor i corpse from crossing the ferry ; and he could not get over till-all his debts had-been.paid iff, 'But,,on the otlier .hMidj. lie might have dlwayS' paid upt20s in the.£l, and' yet be I Refused his passage; For before the corpse | (jould go'into a' l»rtt lie had\to'pass a jiidg linent. On the shore :of the lake,'near the place ofr embarkation, - the mummy was paraded liefore'a party of "judges, forty-two in ; dumber, to correspond with the forty-two sins to which .the human mind and body are ! £>rone. Then proclamation was made that any person who had been witness of any wrong-doing on-the part of * the dead should sjtand forth and' accuse his shade thereof., If tin accuser. should appear, and the judges should find the charge to 'be substantiated by the evidence brought forward, the mummy." was refused decent burial. : He was not allowed to cross the ferry, but was either distressfully' taken home again or buried on the hither shore; and it was "well understood that in this case his ghost could not enter the realms of peace, but passed into some inferior—animal,—and- -would--undergo, in creeping or quadruped: guise, a probation iind, punishment: of 3,000'years' duration at: the least before., reaching human shape again, and haying another chance of gaining dtornal bliss. 