DIAMONDS « DESTINY A Remarkable Story ot Discovery and Adventure. PART X, AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, 1 Ben Wills, of tho Shoalhavcn Store nnd public-house. He ? ' A low, gasping cry from Rose J'Vnh.-iin Inttrniptuil Constable Moss, and turning, he saw that the girl had regained her feet and wns standing pale ns a ghost nnd trembling most violently, 'Wills I Did you say Wills?' she Askcil. 1 Yes, Miss Karnhnm, it was Ben Wills sure enough, as Wallace nnd Forbes can prove. Who tho other three were wu don't yet know, though the clue obtained will soon be followed ill). U'c hnd .1 rare Inh tn pet hern. iir,' Constable; Moss continued, turning :o the squatter, 'These fellows would i.ive killed every one of us il they :ould so as lo destroy idenlincition, iValluce is certain they were waiting or us at the Dig U.ip, but he took a mibIi road nnd got round the place.' I And where — where is Mr. Marlow iow?' asked K.irnluin, not heeding the :onstablc's recital. ?At Jirady's, A party of mounted policemen will he leaving for there In linlf an hour's time, so the inspector told me. The magistrate starts at day light, and I'm going with him,' ex plained Most. ' I'll go to llrady's with the constable, Rose, and you hnd better slay here until this iilT.iir is settled,' suddenly spoke the squatter. I 1 would much rather go horn*, father. I can easily get across without you,1 answered Rnsc. 1 Why can't you stay here ?' repeated her father. 1 1'or several reasons, One is that I don't care to be pointed at as an object of cuiioshy. This affair will be on everybody's lipn tomorrow, and I would inthcr go home.1 ' Well, do so, Hose. I'll make urrungcmcnls with C.ralngcr to send you over, and I will be able to let you know nil about this affair when I return, It is best I should go on lo Brady's and look after poor Marlow's affairs, lie hasn't a relative in the colony that I know of,' answered the filrl's father as he left the room lo make prepara tions for his early morning's journey. « Who was with Wills, Mr. Moss ?' suddenly asked Rose lr.irnham as the squatter went out, It was not the question so much as the tone of it which almost startled the trooper, 1 None of us can tell, Miss Farnham. When Marlow was shot a tall young fellow dressed like a sailor was along side the coach. Of the other two, one was got up a) a negro or a blacklellow, and the other was a stout clean-shaven fellow.' 'These were disguises, I' suppose,' queried Rose. 1 Of course they were, but we'll soon penetrate them with the clue we've got, The telegraph is already at work, and the police from Rrnidwood have gone out to Wills' place by this lime to arrest him on suspicion,' explained the constable. 1 Hut will he be there ? If the party is lying in wait at the Big Gap, how can they have gone back to the Shoal haven?' pertinently asked the girl, though her voice trembled with anxuty, ' Ol course, we arc not certain the rufilans are at the Gap. If so, the police patty from here mny come across them, and there will be a fight. One way or the other they arc bound to be caught dead or alive within n few days,' spoke Constable Moss confidently as he bade the girl good-night and passed out of the room. He could not but notice that Rose Farnham was con siderably agitated, but naturally as cribed it to the terrible intelligence of Marlow's death, the man she was about to marry It wns a shock which few girls would have stood so well, Moss thought. When the officer had gone, Rose Farnham's comparative self-possession completely deserted her, and, sinking on the sofa, she gave way to a pas sionate outburst of weeping. Occa sionally she moaned rather than spoke the name of 'Gilbert,' and il was clear that intentlvely the girl guessed who at least was one of Wills' comrades, and why the second attack on the coach had been made. The impending re sults were fearful to contemplate, nnd the only gleam of hope which the stricken woman felt wns that her suspicion might be wrong. For two years Gilbert Batcman had been her lover, and In spite of the strenuous opposition of Michael Farn ham (her father) the girl had given her heart to the young man. Then when the squatter saw that the position of affairs was dcspeiatc he was forced to rnnflrlA In Rose the fact that Alfrec Marlow held a huge mortgage over Narrlgo Station nnd could practically reduce the supposed owner to poverty if he choct ). The alternative was that Rose should marry Marlow. The latter was really a fairly eligible suitor from a worldly point of view, much moro so than Gilbert Baleman, but who can road the riddle ol the human heart, and beside there wns a mystery about Marlow. From childhood Rote had been brought up to give implicit obedience o her lather, but ou this one subject nl here was n dim conflict, The girl's r' inswer was tlinl uho did not love 'I Mallow, but Karnhnm concluded it ^ was not Ihnt so much as his dauxhlcr'a 'c ovc for Hatcman which caused the n rouble, and ho look measures accord- '' Ingly. In every possible- way tho K character of Gilbert llatcman was y blackened, and with some cITcct. A j| lovers' quarrel followed between Ross 6| and Gilbert llatcman as the result of j some slanders which the girl asked (j him to explain, and torn by the desire ji lo bbvc her father and greatly offended a at Uatcman's conduct, she gave a „ reluctant promise to marry Marlow. This might probably have ended In ^ nothing had it not been for Batcman's subsequent conduct. Instead of trying to put himself right with the girl he lorcd, the young man foolishly took an u opposite coune. Headstrong and ,( wounded in his self-pride he affected j, to treat with contemptuous coldness ^ Rose Farnham and her affianced hits- c band, and the breach was widened. It |, was only when the wedding-day was f) fixed that Batcman saw the mistake he n wns making, and when too late sought ^ lo repair it by desperate means. In an evil hour he consulted Ben Wills, f with the result already known to the . reader. [ Thn passionate fit of weeping which j had seized upon Rose Farnham quickly t passed away, and when her father ?gain entered the room ready equipped [ for the saddle she was apparently quite , composed. , ? 1 have spoken to Grainger and you can go back to Narrigo with him in the j, morning, I must be off now to see , what really has occurred, though I'm afraid there is no hope from what t Constable Moss says, Good-night, ( Rose, and God bless you,' the squatter ( concluded in tones that were more c than usually lender. . 1 Good-night, father, I will start for ( home at daylight,' was all the girl answered, and a moment later she was v alono. f Narrigo homestead was about twenty J miles from Goulburn, and two hours s lifter sunrise on the following day Rose , Firnham, accompanied by Grainger, t rode up to the house of which she was . the mistress, her mother having died ( ten years previously, c In the meantime how fared it will) | Wills nnd his companions ? As can be imagined they were in a desperate s position. The leader had calculated t all through on the party being able to | escape recognition, but the fatal clutch made by Marlow had brought them ( within the shadow of the gallows. The f reflection was a bitter one, and after the futile attack on Wallace and Forbes ( it seemed likely enough there would be a serious split in the ranks, After ; getting out of range from the guns at ( Brady's the gang halted on the high road at the summit of a slight range , and began to discuss the situation, \ ? Curse that fellow,' growled Wills, \ ' and curse the luck that brought us back a second time, It has destroyed , us.' ] 'What du you mean?' fiercely re- ( sponded Biteman, 1 1 mean we should have been con tent with the gold and not risked our necks a second time,' responded the leader. 1 1 don't want the gold, and didn't come here to get it, You know that,' said Gilbert, facing Wills. ? You have got what you came for, and much good may it do you,' sneered Wills. ' This is no time for bickering,' in terrupted Black. ' What are we going to do now ? Stand here and Ui the traps come down on us ?' 1 Let us kill every mother's' son of them,' added Picton with a murderous gleam in his eyes. ?That is easier said than done. What is your plan?' queried Wills. 1 Get along to the Big Gap and at tack the coach there,' suggested Miles l'icton. ' They may not leave Brady's,' said Wills. ' Oh, yes, they will. Wallace Is not the man to hang back.' ' But IWady and the passengers. What about them r' spoke Wills. ' Look here, lads,' interrupted Gilbert Batemau. 'if vou are coinR on such a game don't count on me. I'm not on for wholesale slaughter. There has been enough of that for to-day, and from this out I'll only kill lu self dclence.1 ? I think you aic about right, Gilbert,' spoke Wills in a moody tone. Then, as If seized with a sudden resolve, he went on : ' I'm just thinking that after all there is no reaion why you three should throw your livei away. I was the only one recognised and must pay the penalty one time or another. You Inds can go back to your homes and throw off the disguise, There is no proof against you, and ? ' ' You needn't go any further, Ben, so' far ns I'm concerned, for I mean to slick to you to the bitter end. If one goes under we all go under. That is my principle. I am just aa much In this as you are, and don't talk like that again,' angrily interrupted Gilbert Batcman, The words of the leader had effected a complete revulsion In the feelings of the patty. From being disunited and quarreliome they had In a moment become at one mnn ready to lay down their Htm ont for the other. Wills' self-abnlgatlon touched them, and though it might not have proved »o safe ns he predicted for the other three, It yet showed a noble spirit of lelf-sacrlflce which cemented the party. After* short discussion as to the course to be pursued it was finally resoWtd to return and secure the gold ltd convey it to a iclreitt amongst the ingiH. Ucfnro doing ihnt it was i;rcvd there would no lime to reach I'illr-' place and secure a quantity of joil, clothing, ammunition, anil oilier rticles which would bo a necessity for lelr new life. It was certainly n remarkable chnngo ilhln the space of n few hours, Both fills nud llatcman on the morning of :ie nth May, 1800, hnd been re jected residents of the Braidwood istrlct, yet before sunset of the same ay they were outlaws. Black nnd icton had been honourable workmen, nd tlic law now knew them only at inlcfactors for whom tho callows awncd. The desire of Wills and latcman had also been attained. Tho ne had his gold, the other had re loved n hated rival in love, yet of what vail was it to cither ? For the future nlcss fortune was exceedingly benign a them they must be hunted like wild casts until the grave closed over them, Lnd all this was brought about by the hancc grasp of the man they had so irutally done to death. Surely the ortuncs and misfortunes of humanity re controlled by a strange and mutable Icstiny. Reflections akin to these must have alien upon the two chief actors in the ragedy ns they silently made their way hrough the gloomy gap known as ted Gorge. Kach man boic one of he gold chests in front of him on the lommcl of the saddle, but apparently heir thoughts were far away from the rcasure. Black, whose knowledge of he neighbourhood was the most com )letc, led the way, followed by Wills ind l'icton, while Bateman brought up he rear. The dull tramp of tho horses and he crackling of the dry undergrowth vcrc the only sound* that broke the lecp silence. The lengthening shadows -f evening added to the gloom, for hey seemed to be symbolical of the :hangc in thu men's lives. Occasionally i bronze-wing pigeon (lapped out of a vatllc thicket and startled the quartette rom the reverie they were plunged in, U such times their hands instinctively ought the holsters in search of the vcapons they contained for conscience lad been pricked and was restless, The lirst crime generally gives more rouble in that respect than the last, ind it was so in the case of Wills and lis comrades. The youth Black was the first to hake oft' the gloom which enshrouded he party, and breaking into a laugh legan to rally his companions. ' Look as if you wcrrs going to the :ondcmncd cell, m*tcs. What's the natter with you all?' he said. ' There isn't much to he merry about it all events,1 returned Wills, 1 We've got the gold and killed Marlow. What more would you have?' ctorted Black. ' But what can we do with it ?' isked the leader, who had been the sole moving spirit in attacking the :oach for the treasure. 1 Get away to America or somewhere and enjoy it, of course. Don't you think there is n chance, Ben, to do so?' queried the young man. 1 About one in a thousand. What do you think, Gilbert ?' 1 I'm going to live or die in this colony. No America for me. We've cast the die, lads, and nil we can do now is have a short life and a merry one,' returned Bateman with a forced attempt at chccrlulness. ' Aye I that's the way lo talk, lad. I don't know as how we'll have much enjoyment, but one thing is sure, I'll never be taken alive. Belter be shot than hanged, you know,' interrupted l'icton. 1 Arc you sure they know you, Ben?' suddenly asked Wack. ' Know me I Of course lhat lynx eyed Forbes knew me, nnd so did Wallace. Curse the job I We would he freu ns the ntr to enjoy (.sir nttack il il hadn't been for the second nltack on the coach. It was the deuce own luck to happen,1 ' Well, the devil looks after his own nt all events, nnd ma) be we'll come off belter than we expect,' added young Black as the party reached the glen where the disguises had been rfl.cted, Reaching the spot where tl.e cloth ing was siciclcd the men resumed tl cir original attire, nnd all save l'icton looked as they lull done in the morn ing. The clean-shaven face of Miles 1'icton could not eaaily be n'tered, and as there was no urgent need to restore the highwayman to his normal state, the parly pushed on to the store and public-house of lien Wills. This was reached just nt nightfall, and the four men rude boldly up to the place. As they expected, no intelligence of the affair had yet reached that far, and tho inmates ol the place were absolutely unconscious of the tragedy which had been enacted. Amongst the employees which Wills hnd was an old woman named Margaret Blount. She was practically . the housekeeper, nnd had been with the owner of the place nine years. She was considerably over sixty years of age, but remarkably active both physi cnlly nnd mentally, nnd absolutely devoted to Wills. Her grandson, Edward Blount, also worked about the premises, and ho had the reputation of being hall-wltted. He was about twenty years of age, and his manner and appearance certainly bore out the opinion ai to his mental calibre, (To bo continued,) 