WITH THE OLD M.G.S. BOYS. I [By Oblby, Junb.J Man is a cooking animal, and sweet dishes do sparkle his eyes with delight, but his constitution par excellence lends itself to bibulous glee. Perhaps Arthur's Bound Table used to quaff the mead after dragon adventures, and iiis Exoalibur may have been ohristened in champagne as well as foeman's gore. Who donbts that the Field of the cloth of gold was made hilarious with Highland blend, or that Caesar used to ' wet it ' after subduing the Senonian ; Gauls? John {in 1215, or 1066, or B.C. 4001) doubtless adjourned to an adjaoent temperance restaurant to wash away the memories of barouial bickerings and the fragments of bitten pen that still clung to his wrathful royal lips. The orator of Greeoe knew how homely and congruous his phrase was when he inveighed against sluggish-hearted Athenians for pledging away their freedom to a Macedonian tyrant. And when Odysseus chucked Circe onder the chin and drank of honey- sweet wine he only paid homage to the wassail tendency of a race that could glory in the amystis. Horace too, hearing the bees buzzing their honied hours in Apulia, doubtless told the boy to keep his beaker full as he toasted LeJage, and pitied him who hunted all night beneath a chilling sky. But peace to all their loves, and wars, and leasts divine. Still men toast, and the M.G.S. Past Boys have rehearsed for banquets to come. ? « * * ? Whether it was the warm imagination of members, or the occult influence of the roll of past worthies whose gold names scintillated on the huge boards of glory in the dim gaslight, or whether from some ghost which does not yet haunt the school, — for ghosts hate the new, and are cosy only in mouldering half-dark ruins, beneath eighty-year old dowager's night-caps, and in Christmas numbers, — a forerunning magic spell so played on the meeting as to transform it from scene to scene with action swift and noiseless, — be the reason what it may be or may not be, the Grammar School Hall on Tuesday night was bathed in an atmosphere of unreality, and no cave of wonders or palace of art, could, in its circle of glories and vacant richness, claim to rival that revolving and shadowy succession of feasts. Amid a blaze of light and imagined efflorescence of flagons, Mr. Walker proposed ' The Queen.' She had beaten George III by a neck, with other sovereigns nowhere. Hers had been a reign of peace. A spring would be touched on June 22nd and sea and land would break forth into the universal anthem. Two attempts had been made on her majesty's life, both, the speaker had heard, being unsuccessful. He hoped she would , reign for another sixty years ! The society, hiding its republican principles underneath the seats with a con scious blush, held its breath in loyal reverence, while it applauded the toast to the echo. Several members, whose chests ex panded so much with feelings of devotion to their country that one was glad Dr. Bobert son was in the chair, wished to explode in fragments of poetry. Out of the reams of rhyme one caught tags about a Windsor widow, record reign, flashing sceptres, and invincible empires. Drink to the nation, cries one member, bounded on the east by the steppes of ambition, on the west by the setting sun, by the Aurora Borealis on the north, and on the south by the gulf of Time 1 Chant ye starry orchestras and trumpets of thunder t Chant The Blast of the Blustering Briton ! — * * * * ? Here's to her five-belted sway 1 Here's to her days that have been I Here's to her now dawning day I England t the round Earth's Queen ! Health to her dogs of the sea ! Health to her regiments of red 1 Health to her warriors to be I And a cheer for her glorious dead ! Strength to the great Mother's dugs That gave us the milk of the free ! Death to tbe craven that hugs His life on a traitorous knee I Hurrah for yon far land of lakes ! Hurrah for the Austral isles 1 For Inde, which a fierce sun bakes! For Africa's outspread miles ! Here's to her five-belted sway 1 Greater there never has been 1 Here'e to her now dawning day ! England 1 the round Earth's Queen 1 [Copies with tnusic, by Herr Diver, at in creased rates ] Of course all later toasts made way for the ladies. Mr. O'Brien pronounced them a necessary evil as cooks, but allowed their claims to be considered a very desirable portion of the community. Mr. Bum, to whose youthful bachelor hands fell the delicate task of replying, proved a capital ladies' man. The daughters of the Gods were extolled in words so naive and glow ing as to melt the most obdurate. Heaven bless them 1 They lifted us up 1 We had to behave when they were near t The society dissolved in amorous sentiment, and out of the small precipitate of common sense Mr. Kerr arose to move in eloquent eulogy the toast of the Press, coupled with Mr. Boberts' name. The latter's refutation of a partisan press was complete, and the audience grew sensibly bigger at the apotheosis of the fourth estate. ***** All hearts fluttered at the bridesmaids, atid as Mr. Hiarricks inspired with imagined Chisselaa lifted the wedding graces to the skies, hearers en masse formed silent but bold resolves to propose to-morrow. Mr. Sykes whose duty it was to sing of the Bride wished for the couple ' Every happiness sublime, Posterity and health, Longevity and wealth, ? And hoped for both a better mate next time ! ' The respondent, tenderly gazing at the blushing partner not on his arm, spoke with becoming earnestness and resignation, at which the irrepressible unwed bard thus carolled to his love in a Cinder- Toast — ' The birds, they come and sing to her, the sun his best does shine, And her tread awakes the daisies under earth, Compared with Cinderella, when her eyes look into mine, Ten thousand thousand worlds are nothing worth 1 May the angels bring her cartloads of yum yum things every day 1 May a lover leal his truest tokens send ? May the sweet stars light her trilbies with a patent Bontgen ray And Earth her body, Heaven her soul, defend I ***** Fate threw to Mr. Gordon ' The visiting team,' and a capital reply from Mr. Stupart was the result. Dr. Nansen, introduced by Mr. T. Miller, Junr., was the guest of the evening, and his transmigrated soul told, from Mr.- T. Miller, Senr.'s, lips, the brief tale of the great white North. He explained how his current theory bod wiped eat other current theories, and made the , hearers shiver as he ate once more dog's flesh with them, and piloted them through Polar floes. ' * * v * * Several maiden speeches graced the even ing, and if the Society ever dies, it may pro bablybofromhangingtoolongontheeloquent lips of Messrs. WatBon and Walker. Mr. J . Dawson opened a bazaar in admirable style, in a speech worth a fabulous sum to any penurious institution. ' The Ministry, with all their faults, were loved still by Mr. O'Neill, who defended their shortcomings with tact and foree. The successful candi date at the late elections, Mr. Blue, briefly returned thanks, and the meeting broke up amid order and oompliments to the chair. 