ST. AUG US TIN N.I CENTENARY CELEBRATIONS. At Canterbury on "Wednesday, September 16, Cardinal Perraud, who represented the Catholic Church in France at the above celebrations, thus addressed the assem- KIh.uta — " Yesterday we assisted at a. ceremony at Ebbs Fleet which was unique and incom parable, which must have given rise to the deepest emotions and which must find an immense echo throughout the nation. We commemorated the coming, thirteen hun dred years ago, of St. Augustine to these shores to take possession of the land in the name of Jesus Christ. To-day, - in this ancient city of Canterbury, I can almost imagine myself assist ing at the deathbed of the Saint who, in 605, gave up his soul to God. After his seven years of toil here, which had been ' so blessed, I seem to see him lifted up to say a few parting words to his spiritual children. Well might he have exclaimed in the words of St. Paul, " Non in vacuum Jaboravi." I can see him lying on his bed, with his destined successor, Melittus, by his side, aud surrounded by his faithful followers, addressing his last words to them as a father to his sons, and saying to those whom he had instructed and baptized, again in the words of St. Paul : " Stand firm and keep the traditions you have received" — " State et tenete traditio ties." To you at parting I address the same words. Honour to you, old Catholic fami lies of England who have kept the faith and handed down these traditions from generation to generation. Honour to you converts who by prayer arid study, and above all by the action of the grace of the Holy Ghost, have found again the tra ditions so many of your countrymen have lost. Honour to you, chief guards and guardians, teachers and defenders of this faithful flock. With what joy did I not salute these great memories at the Oratory. To tell you all my pleasure would take too long. In looking back at what I then said, I am reminded of much that I forgot to say. Cardinal Vaughan has written a little book which slionld be a source of encourage ment and strength. His Eminence has pointed out that in the sixteenth ' century there were no less than 1,100 churches dedicated to St. Peter up and down the country. When I call to mind such mar- ' tyrs as Blessed John Fisher, who died for the primncy of St. .Peter's successor, I cannot but recognise how great, how strong, how beautiful is this chain of tradition which stretches back to your Apostles, and the last links of which are in your hands. In it you have the invaluable argument cf presumption left to you by the earliest apolo gists of the Christian Church. You Catholics of England can repeat their language, for the strength of the faith is your legitimate heritage. Its organisation, its ritual mounts to the very source of Christendom. You go back through the ages, partaking the same sacraments, believing the same doc trines as your brethren in the earlier centuries. And so to those who claim your name and title at the present day, you can repeat the language used by Tertullian to the heretics of his own time : you are novi et hesterni. We know the exact date when your traditions, your teaching began ; those traditions may be over 300 years old, yes, but that is after all very young. If we ascend the stream of time for some centuries we come to a date when our ancestors and yours held the same faith, received the same sacraments and owed and paid the same obedience. We can repeat the words used by Aleuin, the great scholar of York, in the days of Charlemagne. " The Boman Church is the head of all churches, because the Pope is the chief of all shepherds." You Catholics of England speak the same language as the early centuries because you are the possessors of these traditions — hold them fast. As may be seen by glancing at our advertising columns, Mr. J. A. Hicks, so long and favorably known in con nection with the drapery trade in Fremantle, has been declared the purchaser of the immense stock of drapery, clothing, millinery, etc., of Messrs. Saunders & Co., opposite Hotel Metropole, Hay-street, Perth, an old firm which held a high reput ation for the extent and general excellence of its stock. A busy staff of assistants has been for two weeks past engaged in re-marking the entire contents of the establishment, and' the enterprising purchaser is confident of astonishing the public by the un precedented prices. During the pro gress of the sale, which commences to-day (6th inst.), an enormous quantity of new and fashionable goods just landed from English and Conti nental factories will be opened and displayed at astonishingly low rates. Mr. Hicks long enjoyed the reputation in Fremantle of the people's cheap' cash draper, and is determined that Perth'ites shall see that he is worthy of the title. 