FISHIM NOTES, ;(Bt 'GiiAnans.')- Many people nrn under the impression that the hill loading from .Borowra Station U) Cowau Crook ia in Rort of dangnronB pans which one tnieht do onno and tbon ifivo up the ghost. ' To an ordinary able-bodied porapn with a sound pair of log« and good beljowfl tho. bill is. nothing. It takos about 25min to descend, and ut a nnail's gallop tlio up climb oan bo. dono in tbron-quartoro of 1111 hour, allowing for two or throe rests. Tlio track is perfect travelling for ladicR, and the place is a pnmdisn of boiinty for tha botanist and naturalist. People who do not travel down to limit for bnll-dnfrants and rare plants find -mflloiontonjnyinont 011 the plnuid waters houncboata , which' are moorod in suitnblo pluods for wator, wood and fishing. 'Every tbiiiE ubenosary for a camp is provided, and a boat can bo hiod for from :30n to £2 a wook. The lioiiaoboats aro oven nato for ehildren ovor 5 yonni of age. Tbo place is full of; fish, and overy week flomo innmmolb schnnppar mako their way up tho hill ou thu biirly b.ielts of snob rogular visi tants as J. Mackin, J. Clftrko, S. DnModk,' Triokett, Monkhonse, and others. That these oxpartR are constant right throunh tho Winter is snflloiont proof of tbo supply of Rolinappsr and other good (toll in tho quiot deep waters. Tbo boats am largo nnd roomy, and if folk aro afraid oE-tbn hill they can got Mr. Windy bunk to pick them up at tlin Uawkesbnry Station and tote them u.i'.d their lnugage rouud in the laiinoh. ' Cowan Crook on Satnr.(-iV n-'id Sunday had an arin.v of vioitors. Mrisam. 'i'. G. Taut and party llshod with bard luck, and only ruc oeodiid iii gutting a few docaut Rized roil brnam. Massrs. O. ». Iloilon, A. 14. I'ringlo, and a friond fipoak in high farms of Nod Wiudy bank's eomfortahln hoiiHolmat. nu:l of the liuppy miiu'i) care nf them with blanket*. &n.; Thoy caught 1!) lisfi, somn «! tln-.-,u being equire ami red bruaul, tluuliead, flnuudor?, anil several oqnid liiid Hndor- woight fish, which tli'jy' roturiiod to lllflir niitivn ulbiiient. One partv had two Kohnanper and sovornl Haniro, and a fottlor oil tho Borowra lino' during tbo wbok naugbt tltron Hplnudid ocliuapper nut tiyo huudred yardo from tho boat-shod. Mr. Wallace, at Millnr'a Toint, caiiKhtsnvcu black brenm one night last wuok. Bait uaod — Messrs. Woloh and Finiayson, nt Towio IJiy this weok, caught soven whiting and eitrht black bream. . ' ?. SIos«ii», ? JViy ntid narl.v, out from Ifiiiry Bowor, Miinly -onu({htU'lilitnk broarn and 5 troyally, and on anothur trio, to Yowin Uny this wuol; causht 11 largo trovolly and li tur Tlio Wyong was ont for so.hnappor thin week, and did oxcolloutly. Mr. Q. li. Kivors ciin«lit27fl5h. Tho following Rpoaks for itsolf :— ' Dear Glanoun,— Tim MurNRkTilln fisliing party had thoir beat dav'a ?snort of. this irenson on the -Sf.il. . 1. think Father .Toimf.han must have Hinilwi on them. Mr. ' Sharkny ' '.Sweolnmn anil parly topped tlin list, Mr.'lWuio follow ing next. The largest llsh— 8II- scbiiappm— was onught bv Mr. Goldsmith. Mr. .!as. Spinks also had a very gond \m.r. In ail tho catch ?.inuiborod over SOU. — Sr--EM3R.' Me.ssrn. O. DiWoy, Oh. Iliiietnnn and C. M. Boit.Iiwip.k Iiml a git at tlio whiting on the -1-tti in Georittt-s P.iver, but the catch win not a very good une— about 3:lnz whiting nnd iib niHiijr tnrwiiino. . However, tliuy hope for hotter luck next time. Svilney. Harbor being oloeod to prawning, tiio littlo i-i-onn clinpn arc vury Roarco. Chin ncry, in Iliintor-Btreet., hud a fow at 2i a quart during the n-ook, and tiioywo:tiq;iio!;lyKniippml. ChriatoiiRon, iu tiaorgii-iitreet, uenr (Jiiculur Quay, BBiiemllv luaiincafl to get hold of prawns and nippcre, and intending visitors 1.0 Manly may wifely hinvn tlioir bnit till tbny get to Unit em! of lho nity. 'J'lie ncarcil.y -i'f bnil,d.-iitti)tim'iUton(.inn to tin: uKorulnns;! of freoh lob-ilm-.- 'Must fish will bito at lolwtor, and the bcaob li.dinnneii ate ucttiuj; black bronm lind iriiitiuu with it. ' Mackerel ami tailor aro licinjf oaiiKht fronly in Sydney Harbor, enpocinily round Gnrduii Inland. Iu tlia nnu-ket thoy bring from 3d to &! n.dnzan. A great luuny ynuii' fcllowa out of work are finding it. pay to fish for mackerel and tailor. Tlin bait they hsl- ia bbator. MeasrR.-A. llnnimoiid nnd Lloyd (isbed nt. Como for blackfiaii on Sniiday. but, bud not rBinnrkabln luck. Sovornl fialiormon tried tlin Monuet, Uooriiu's Eiver, willi rods aud landed Dome. large black llah. ?? . ? -. -.1 ? .. ?... Doawhy Lagoon ia full of pnuvnn. 'J'hnro is a nice little barvcAt m thu lngonu fur the Salvation Army people, who now acorn to own thu placu, but no far Ihev bnvu luadn 110 cfi'ort to iiialto money out of tiio liigoou by witling. This is astonishing, for thoy aro generally koon to see any npecmliitiun wbioh will employ yoni'J of their men orofitablv. It is rumored that snvi-ral changes will bo mttdo in tlin staff of the Fi«heriimDc- purtmont shortly. It. is lo bu hoped that, tho iiiBpee toriu.l ntaff will still lind thi-ir enorgotic aud capable head in Air. !-'. \Y. Hmilbors. The. Amatnnr i?ialiorinoi:'a Associa'tion'has dncidod to iiihiiit now mcinbnM Cor tho bulnmio i)f thil vniinon, which (mils in D'ebruary, 1S0S. for a siilxcriplinn of fw. That ialmlf foe f.ji the linir-yunr. Inlonding nioinbt- rti uibv mm mnuicatu with tlio lion, sue, 111-113 Pitt-, street. Mossi-h. Crnioksuiink awl Sivent woro eluctud mouibors at ihc uieotiii' 011 jilouuny uiisht. . Thu bnncfib dramatio' pc-rformiiuoo of tliu anni-ad.i'-ilriunn, ' l-li.4 Own Gneot,' bv tho Idloi-H Social and DrumtiMu Club, was w.''ll a.t toudod on Woduoaday niaht. Tho affair was under tbo auanicon of thu Amateur i'mher inim's AHoociiil.ion, ami was iu niil of Mr. C. Wi.1el1u11.rt, who heartily ilesurvcd tlio honor. The performance wiiu cf a biab order of morit, Mossm. B. T. Qninn, A. Balduiio, and tho MUhos lioiiry and Evurard boil.;; purtioiihirly good. 'An olio, ruLhur awkwardly iubroiiuuuil, was rofiponiiibln for sonm u.nullunt contribu tions by Sl«asVB. Goo. Hellinci, E. T. Quinn, and n young lady' dunci-r. T!,c lion. buc. ol' the A, FrA. would be glad to ieofiivo tho ouc slJindiug tinkiits or their money equivalent. The Eolipau, nndor Captain Smidmorn, took out a party ns gnuits nf lho skipper on Tiiurs tlay froin-Ji.il.iiny. Thny had n Kuo catch , of ocbuiippi-r, iliithoad, &c;, auuio of tho I'ormnr goini; l«ilti— tbo boat c.iugiit ou tbo cnant Mils yea:-. Thu .mrt.y struck a patch, tiud worked it for all it. was worth. , Tlio Jicliprtd took out another partv on Sunday, but tho calch nas nut, larRu. i'lui liead prudoiniuatad, koiiiii hiiinir very largii. Tlio drift wns on a clean bottuni most of tbp time, aud fow fdnfcern wore lor.t. The boat iniikiis bur usual trip from Suns Souci lioxt Sunday. Writing from London uiulor dato .Tuiio 3 Mr. Ohiiil Gurriok iuftinuB in that ho bus bnou having '.h good timu with tho trout in Wilts nnd HurorimJ.'.' Hm Iiim'I, a day or two before writiujf, la'ndad a bracu woigbing re spectively -i-JIb and 5$lb. . ..' l.'iuhiiig tabklo oE evoi-y dcoiiription. Fmiib nhipinouta arriving for tbu ncutinu. Go log. Corjjforth, 072 Georgc-st., aud 7 Tho Strand.* Mow stock of Hsliiug tuoklo. Liims ruady fur uso l'or all fishing. Hods, rools, aud ovory tbing for , iishiuic. Must way Urothora, 411 Goorgo-atreot, Sydney.* , ...:.- 