A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. XHB INTERESTING Ui«E OF Mb THOMAS j JaEVIS, WHO SATS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIPPLED—PARTIALLY Paralysed, Suffering fbosi Loco motob Ataxia, and Helpless. Doo toes, Hospital Authorities, and every ONE SAID HE MUST DlE AS HIS CAPE WAS Hopeless. But they week mistaken. To-dat he is a Hew .Man, full of Life and Eneeqt, his Oetjtohes he has Thkown Away, his Dead Limbs hate Life, his Appetite n» Returned, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A New LEASE OF Life Odt and Out. ' So muoh interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published tho facts again as thoy appeared in the " Australian Workman " a few.weeks ago : y One afternoon, our representative made his way to the borne or Mr Thomas Jaruis, 45, Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to bo one of the happiost raon in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the kuonk at the door. In reply to tho preliminary questions, he said : !< You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How loug were i'ou'suffcring'r" "Well, twelvemonths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and 1 have dooo nothing since' then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with on accident; I was badly scalded vvbilo taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since tho accident I have been in failing health, and alter four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ? " " Simply indescribablo. The jaiins were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could hoar. They were for all the world like as if a saw wero cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to n^self and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor slcop. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the .Direc tor of Charitable Institutions." " Did you inako use of the order ?" "No ; I came homo and went to bed, aud have beeu pretty well in bed ever sinco. Five weeks ago I couid not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with rae, and only a i question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and | did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ea*e the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Loco motor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. Ho told rae that I might last for ten year.*?, and that I might never got the use of my legs. (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning muii will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convrtyed by tho advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I road in the * Australian Workman,' by Dc •Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to oat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with inc. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bad and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pin!: Pills during tho past four weeks, aud am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid or a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Piuk Pills, but I was too weak to use tbem, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sne I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had oome in and taken the baby on her lmoes. " Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at rliis point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " lean now," continued Jarvis, " have a cnld bath, and all the feeling has come hack in mv legs. If C keep ou going the way I | am, I hope to be able to resume work as a j boiler-maker, and you know I have to bo in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than C have been at any time during the past five years. I ahoribe all the chnngo and benefit to these Piuk Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and ; feei like a new man. On the mantelpiece ! there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they oun stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows rae lias been amazed at tho chango in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkablo history, and it | confirms what is said in all the ohief news papers of this country of tho astonishing cure3 wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills I for Palo People. They cure locomotor | ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, guch as annraia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. These Pills arc a tonio, not a purgativo. They are genuine only with tho full name, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and uro sold by chemists and storekeepers gener- ! ally, or the Dr Williams'Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on re ceipt of stamps or post order oho box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 