iMlH|i.oh»-ions. ('' Huiidiiy Times') Literary quotations mon, and neatly all women, are fund of using. It la wonderful what n fiMtful hath Is mado of lima from oven Iho groatoet and beat known nuthora. Thla la alraliuo. When any poraon of Import ance happen) lo blunder Into a misquotation Ilia Inoorreet votslon gonerally drives the oorr«at ona out ot the field entirely, ? When Clrouk moala Urouk then ooiiiks tho tug-of. war.' Probably this is tliu champion mis quotation in the Bngllah language, Tho lino In Laes' work 01) Iho life of Aletandor iho Gioat tuns thus 1— Whon Greeks juln'it Greeks TIiuii turn Hie tug-ot-war, Another popular' misquotation Is the ooup let - Cuntlmt a man against his wjll, bo's ot tku same opinion still,' The real lines, as found In Butlor'a ' Hudlbraa,1 ara t— Ha that compiles against his will Iaot hla own opinion atlll, Campbell has tho line, ? Llka angola' vlalti few and fir botweon |' anyway that it tauto logical, for If visits aro far betwoen they must necessarily be few. In the 17th oen tury one John Norrls alluded to 'Joys most exquisite and strung' which ' soon look their flight' to 'angels visits short and bright.' Later on Robert Blair helped himself to Nor* tls' notion, which ho spoilt by altering 'bright' to 'fat; between.' Then Cowpor completed the muddle. Shikespearo wrote, 1 To make a virtue of neoesslty.' In Chaucer's Kulglil's Tale a similar thought is, ? To raaken virtue ot nccessllio,1 Qilntllllan distanced them both by centuries by saying, ' Let us mako of death a cure, a virtue of necessity.' In all probability tho old Roman had a loan ot a Greek author who, by some means, gut the Idea from the Hindoo Rig Vo.ta, Per sons who misplace Iho word 'fields' for 'woods' In tlio line from Milton's Lycldas, ?To-morrow to fresh woods and pastures new,' may bo forgiven, a- may thoso who substitute 'hesitation' for 'deliberation' In the Hudlbraa assertion, ' The woman that deliberates Is lost.' All are supposed to know the Bible, but bow often do even clergymen say that man was santence.1 to live by - the sweat ot bla brow,', Tho real words are ' In tho sweat ot thy face Shalt thou cat bioid.' Further more, Job did not say, ' Oh that mine enemy would write a book.' His worda were, ' Be hold, my desire Is that the Almighty would answer mi and that mine adtertary had written n book,' Habacue did not write, ? Ha that runs miy road,' thj lino occurring In Oowpor. ' The Prophet's ' words were, 1 Write the vlslou and make it plain upon 'tables, that he that readoth It may run over It,' It was St. Mark who said ? Tho Sab bath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath'— .t fact that sumo seem to have lost sight of these days. There Is nothing In tho Scriptures which proclaims that ' Money I' tho root of all evil,' It was tho luvo . ot money that St. Paul oomlcmned. ' Providence tompers the wind to the shorn lamb,' Is often credited* to tho Bible. It . waa written by Lawrenoi Sterne, who waa not exactly tho man one would class with Saints Peter, Paul, or, Timothy. 'The thousand ?utural Ills that flesh is bolrto1 is correct from Shakespeare's Hamlet, except the word MIIV which should bo thnokt. Those who should know better clto from The Merchant 0/ Venice ' Tho man that hath no muslo In his soul,1 Tho proper reading la ' hath no mualo In himtelf,' Often It la read ot ' that bourne whence no traveller returns.' The truo text la ' that undiscovered country fiom whoso bourne , no traveller returns.' Afro jhh to which,' Job, thousands of- years be foro Brukcapearo was hoard ot, said :— ' Be fore 1 go and return no mote to n land that Is dark and covered with the mists ot death,' In ono of tho oldest Egyptian- Inscriptions extant the ghost ot a certain Ueabanl speaks ot ' that road the oourso ot which never re turns,' Great thought!' aro common to great times, There are many parallel pauuges In Shake* spcaro and the Bible, Amongst scores ot other laatnnces.Ojere Is Othello's ' Rude am I in speech,' Bt: Paul's ' Though I bo rude In speech,' Mncbelh'a ' Show Ills eyea and grieve thlnu heart,' and Samuel's ' To consume thino eyes and grieve thlno heart,' Macbeth «aya : —? Life's but a walking ahaduw.' In Psalm xxxvlil, are- tho words - Man walketb In a valu shMlow'.' Macbeth also says—' Wo'll die with harness on our backs.' In Macca bees It Is recorded, ', Nloanor lay dead la his harness,' Sing Richard the Third exclaims ? Woo to that land that's governed by a child.' In Koolcalastlcui It - Is1 deolared, 1 Woe to thco.oh land, when] thy king Is a child.' ? - ? 