CHAPTER X. JIETKAYED INTO TIIE TBAP, “ Perhaps I am taking a very rash step,” mused Miss Trevetkon, looking from the car window at the distant Highland peaks white with snow. *• This a wild journey for a girl like me to make atl alone. And what a dis mal afternoon it is I We'll have the snow thick about us in another hour ; and 1 have heard that these Highland storms are furious. But I must go on, in spite of wind or weather, for I am determined to fathom that awful mystery. As the afternoon waned, and the winter storm gathered and darkened, the lovely face and brilliant eyes lost something of their wonted vivacity. She shivered and drew her sables close, straining her eyes to catch a glimpse of the hills beyond which the Haunted Manor •‘f hope that promised carriage will meet me nt Piedmont.,” she thought. “This is certainly a dreadful evening for a journey. J am almost sorry now that 1 came. Surely Ambrose Gerhart will not fail me? Hecal ling his face, and the service he did me that night, huw can I doubt him ? And he says ire holds the key to the mystery! Shall I lie able to lift the cloud of disgrace from my poor mother's name? If so, I shall regret nothing that it costs mu.” Her cheeks bloomed with excitement, her eyes filled with tears, and her heart gave a rejoicing bound, as the train came to a sud den halt and the shrill voice ef the conduc tor was heard shouting: “ Piedmont Station 1" She arose, gathered up her wraps, and passed out to the platform. The snow was falling rapidly, and the wintry dark ness had already set in; but before Lenore had time to look about her, a lad touched her arm. " Please, ma'am, are you Miss Trove thon ?” “ I am Miss Trevetkon. “Then come this way, please. Yonder's the carriage, and Mr. Gerhart’s waiting.” Lenore followed him without an inquiry nr a doubt. About twenty yards distant ! Stood a closed carriage, with a pair of stout gram, and aa the young lady drew near, 9 | man enveloped in a liugo cloak suddenly appeared ami ilirew open the door of the “Let mo assist you, Miss Trevcllion. We ora having wild weather to-night,” lie said, hurriedly, as he grasped her arm. And before she could utter a word in an swer—almost before ehe knew what was occurring, Lenore- found herself in the car riage, and the door closed upon her with a sharp snap. " One minute, if you please, Mr. Gerhart," Bbe cried, seising the knob of the door and trying to open it. itut the door was !ociiii\ “ All right, Miss Trevethon I" a mocking roiee answered, and in anotber breath tho horses dashed off at full speed. “ Great heavens I what does this mean ?" the girl exclaimed, her cheeks white with terror, as she fell back upon the cash Butinthc next instant her fearless spirit rallied, and she bounded to her feet. " Driver, stop the horses this instnnt. X command you,” she cried, shaking vigorously at the carriage door. Only the wild wail of the winds, and tho rear of the gathering storm answered her, and through the pitchy night, which had fallen suddenly, the carriage rattled on at a reckless pace. l?he called again and again, and beat against the panels, till her delicate hands were bruised, but all to no purpose. The carriage did notstop, and only the winds and a burst of exultant laughter answered She sat down in the chill darkness, tho snow heating fiercely against the thick glass of the carriage window ; sat down, calm and silent, but with a dreadful presentiment creeping over her. What could it mean I Into whose hands had she fallen? Not for an instant did she believe that Ambrose Gerhart, stranger though he might be, would take such a ter rible advantage of the trust she had reposed in him. But who was her driver, and where was she going ? She saw now, as she had not seen beforo, how rash and foolish she had been, to placo herself in such a position, and her proud heart thrilled tumultuously, as she realised her peril. On went the flying horses through tho storm, which seemed to gather strength and fury with every succeeding minute, till tho girl felt as if she must go mad in her terror and suspense. So deep was the winter dark ness, so"weird and wild the bowlings of the storm, so mad the speed of the horses, that as she lore along Lenore began to fancy that she had fallen into the power of some terri-. ble supernatural Thing, which was hurrying her on to swift and Bure destruction. She had dared to pry into the secrets of the Daunted Mauor, and this was her punish In the midst of these wild fanoies, the car riage came to a sudden halt. In a twinkling the door was thrown open, and the figure of the cloaked man confronted her. “ Dere we are, Mias Trevethon, at our journey's end. Give me your hand, The girl drew back, shuddering with terror. Something in her voice of this unknown man curdled the very blood in her veins. “ Who are you, sir V' she demanded,11 and why have you brought me here ?” “ To solve the history of the Haunted Mauor,” replied the same voice. And in another instant, Lenore was seized upon bodily, ami lifted to the ground. The darkness was impenetrable ; the snow beat fieredy in her face, anti the violent wind shook her like a reed. But she tore herself free of the man’s grasp, all the blood in her veins tinkling with in Touch me again, at your peril,” she panted. •• Whoever you are, you shall suiter for this night’s work." The man’s only answer was a laugh—a taunting, mucking, exultant laugh. Tium, while the bewildered girl stood straining her eyes in the vain effort to pierce the deep darkness, he took a whistle from his breast and blew it shrilly. In the space of a minute, another whistle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm, answered from some point above. “ All right ; our friends are waiting to welcome us. MisB Trevethon, will you .Lenore struggled to escape from him. “No, I will not go,” she answered. 11 Then I must carry you, that’s all.” In a twinkling, the huge cloak enveloped her like a pall, and she was caught up and borne away at a rapid pace. She strove to free herself, but the arms of her captor held her like iron. She shrieked aloud for help, but the heavy garment stilled her voice, and, in her impotent auger and terror, she remembered, with a pang, that, in the hurry of her departure, she had uninten tionally left her little jewelled dagger on her dressing-table at Lyndith Hall. Little use it would have been, however, for she was utterly powerless in her unknown captor’s hands. He bore her on, as if she were an infant, up a flight of snow-covered steps, under an arched entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath his heavy aud rapid tread. l’oor Lenore was breathless, aud almost senseless, and again the foolish fancy pos sessed her that some awful demoniac being had her in his power. She had heard the re sounding echoes of the flagstones, and knew, by the lull of the winds, that she wa3 being borne into some sort of habitation, but the heavy cloak which enveloped her head shut her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and another, and then the man, who held her in his vice-like arms, set her on her feet and removed the cloak which had enveloped “ Now, Mis3 Trevethon, here we are all right. That was an uncommonly neat job, bringing you here so nicely, it was, by For an instant, the girl reeled giddily, but in the next her indomitable spirit rallied. She was in a lighted apartment, but several seconds elapsed before she was able to dis tinguish one object from another. When ehe did see, the first object that met her affrighted eyes was her gunrdian’s face. He bowed to her with mocking courtesy. “ Lenore, my dear, I am glad to welcome you. We scarcely dared hope for your com ing this wild night, but here you are, Kicli mond, my son, draw up a chair for Miss Trevethon.” The girl turned, and looked at tho man who had brought her thither, and a low cry escaped her lips. Sue beheld Sir Geoffrey’s His dark eyes Hashed with brutal triumph at the sight of her terrifiedjaniazement, and he burst into a peal of uproarious laughter. “Didn’t know me, did yon, Alisa Treve thon he questioned, mockiugly. “Ah, 1 deceived you very cleverly.” Lenore stood silent an instant, and then her blue eyes began to darken and gleam. “Richmond Trevethon !” she cried, her bosom heaving with the tumult of her impe rious anger, “have you dared—” “ Of course I have, my dear, lie inter rupted, “ dared to milic myself your pro tector. Naturally enough, too, I take it. When a man sees his betrothed wife running wild over the country, it is natural he should follow and take care of her. And,by the way, Coz,” he added, with a diabolical laugh, “you haven’t that neat little -dagger on hand to-nighr, have you •” She turned from him in wordless scorn. “ Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,” she said, ad dressing thu smiling baronet, “ perhaps you will give me a plain answerWhat is "the meaning of this ? Where am IT’ “ My dear child do you not know ? pou are at the Haunted Manor, of course. You wished to come here, I believe.” A thrill of unutterable horror shook the girl from head to fooL.andshe glanced about her with distended eyes. The apartment was large, and must, at some time,have been used as a library, for the dusty shelves still contained a few volumes, and there were some tattered hangings and other articles of furniture faded with age, “ The Haunted Manor?” she repeated in a husky whisper. ■■ This is the Haunted Manor, my dear" bowed tue baronet. “ You seem so anxious to investigate its mysteries, and I am always jo willing to indulge you. As the queen wills, you know 1” Her glorious eyes began to flash again, and the rich color leaped to her cheeks. “Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,”she cried, the full truth of her situation flashing upon her, you did intercept my letters, then ?’’ “ I did, indeed, my dear,” replied berguar 3iail. “I always make it a point never to force a woman when l can deceive her ; and you have been very- neatly deceived, as you must confess I You did not think for a minute that I would suffer you to be meeting all sorts of low-bred men ; Ambrose Gerhart, for instance ? Of course, as your guardian, I could not." “ Why am I here ? Why wa3 I made a prisoner and brought to this place ?” Lenore demanded. Tho baronet’s eon mode answer with a .nocking laugh. “ My dear, your question brings us to the point,” replied Sir Geoffrey. “ We are bero to celebrate your marriage with my son.” Lenore’s heart grew faint within her, as she stood in the dusty-old room, with the merciless faces of her two mortal enemies looking down upon her; but her regal self possession did not '.fail, or her flashing eyes falter. She made no answer, and her guar dian went on. 11 Ages ago it was a customs with the Trevethons to celebrate their marriages at this old place, and the idea struck ’me that you might faucy reviving tho ancient cus tom 1 If I remember rightly, your great grandfather was married in this very room ; and his bride, we are told, was the loveliest lady on which the English sun had ever shone. But I’ll wager she was not one whil lovelier than yourself.” Utter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went ” I was sure it would please you, revering all the old customs of your race as you do, to celebrate your nuptials at the Haunted Manor, and here we are. Hicbraond, throw open the door, and give Miss Trevethon your The young man opened a door to his left, disclosing to the amazed gill an adjoining apartment which seemed in the dim light to be hung with funereal drapery. In the centre of this room stood a table, and before it a dark-robed clergyman, with an open prayer book in his hand ; and just behind him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill jf relief, as Clotilde. “ Come, my dearest,” said -Hichmond, at tempting to take her hand, " submit grace fully to the inevitable, and let the ceremony proceed at once.” Sbe wrenched herself away from him, her eyes flashing lightning. “ Do not come near me, I command you/’ she cried. “ Touch me at your peril.” The young man laughed insolently. “ All, my little tigress, you would show your claws, eh '! But even a tigress may be tamed. Come quietly now; you must sub mit to the tying of the knot." Jfis3 Trevethon turned her indignant glance upon the baronet, “ Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,” she said, her voice cool and silvery, “ if you have decoyed me here for the purpose of frightening me into a marriage with your son, rest assured you have had your trouble for nothing. As I told you in the beginning, l tell yon now, f will not marry him. I will die here where I stand rather than Epeak the words that will make me his wife. “ And you, sir,” she added, clenching her white hand and setting her teeth, “ only let me regain my freedom, and you shall pay dearly for ail this.” The baronet laughed softly. “Kcgain your freedom, my dear,” be re peated. “ My dear Lenore, you are not at all likely to he free for some time to come unless you pay the required price for your liberty. Listen to me, Miss Trevethon. We have no time for theatricals. The night is passing away, and we must get out of this ■Id ghost-trap and be on our road to Paris before the day dawns. So listen to reason now, like a sensible girl. As I told you be fore, it is not likely Hint that I shall relin quish the hopes of a life-time, and see my son cut off from his rightful inheritance, all be cause of an idle whim or. your part. You are Itichmond’s wife as it is. You were married to him, at your father's wish, in your childhood, and you are commanded by your father's last wiil to hold that marriage sa cred." .She laughed in his very face, in superb and earless scorn. ‘•I repudiate that silly ceremony of my until,” she exclaimed and you will find • a little difficult to force me to submit to The baronet’s smiling face had changed in i fearful manner. It was livid with sup iressed passion, aud his eyes glared like those ■ f a wild beast. '• We’ll see 1” he answered, in a low, hreatening voice. “ Thau clergyman there, md the woman who is to act as witness, are ioth mine, sworn to my service. You marry ny son aud to-morrow's dawn will see you on .•our way to Home, and to-morrow's papers vill announce the alliance.” 11 But if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey, vhat then ?” interrupted her fearless voice. “ What then ? Listen, Miss Trevethon, md you shall hear. If you refuse, the cere mony will proceed all the same, and the wit ness will sign the certificate. The sole dif '.••rence, Mies Trevethon, will be this: The voinan Clotilde is hound to my interest, m l she will accompany you and P.ichmond ;o file altar, and afterwards will certify to your sudden death in foreign lands while von, my dear ward, will be immured in the black well of this “ Haunted House” which you were so anxious to see. Ho suspicion will attach, added Sir Geoffrey,with one of his dia bolical sneers, to the advent in a few months of Hichmond Trevethon without h'13 young wife in whose right he heirs the vast estates of the Trcvetlions.”_ Lenore’s courage waned, and her cheeks grew pale, despite all her natural fortitude as she realised the fiendish cunning of those in whose hands, by her rash journey, she had placed herself. She glanced towards her guardian, Sir Geoffrey’s face wore an aspect of lambent scorn and triumph combined ; she turned towards Clotilde, as one woman in deadly peril will to another : the poor woman stood Blinking in every limb, her hands clasped in agony, her bloodless face blanched in her utter despair ; and then Lenore’s eyes lighted upon the pseudo clergyman who stood line a mocking demon, book in hand. “ How, my dear1” questioned the baronet with an amused smile,11 don't you seo what the result of my ‘intrigues' is to he ?" “ As you are so obstinate, your demise will be reported from Home, and all that I have schemed for will come to pass. As for you 1 ha, ha 1 we shall see.” lie seized her by the arm, and drew, or dragged, her across thelroom. Then, lifting the thick, black arras that draped the wall, he ran his hand along the surface of the oaken panelling, and, lo I there was a sharp click, and a door slid slowly aside, as if by magic, revealing a black void, which looked like the entrance to a region of impenetrable darkness. TO BE CONTINUED. 