'THE DflTE OF CUSPS. ? ^ ? The Birth of Christ wns Ibis divine event to Which nil the history of tho world, ns it is Tecordeil in the Old Testament, moved. That event was the culmination of ono series or cycle of events, the beginning of a now cycle. The j personal entrance of God into humanity, the | visible coming of the Saviour who was to redeem ihe world, the historical appearance of the 33ternnl 'Word in mortal flesh, the birth of Jesus in Bethlehem of Judea, is the central fact of Christianity. That groat miruclu makes credible the miraculous. It fulfils the pro phecies of the Old Testament, which otherwise were falsified, audit makes tlio story ot tlioJNow i'ostament real, The Birth of Jesus Christ is a pivotal event. Accept it as real, believe that the Son of God was conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the .Virgin Mary in tho 'stable at Bethlehem, and tlio entire cycle of Christian truth becomes clear, beautiful, harmonious, and credible ' It 'is. nevertheless tlio case that tho early Christians did not think very often or feel very deeply abont tho Nativity. What was the reason ? It is not easy to give an answer con fidently, for it is not easy to understand very fully tho inmost life and thought of tho primi tive church in the first three centuries, Tho region, it is stated in 'the paper whence we are condensing this article, was dim and misty : tho , . systoms of Christian doctrino were not yot elaborated. Not yet was the ordor of church festivals established. Even tho canon of Holy ' Scripture remained in partial uncertainty and Confusion. But unquestionably, tho event ? in tho history of Christ most predominant in its influence upon tho thought of tho early Uhnstians was tlio Resurrection. That was to them tlio pledgo and proof of His Mosaiahship, tho dssuranco of their own immortality. His crucifixion was tlio consummation of Hia redeeming work ; -hoy realised that Ho had died for their sins, and ?was raised again for 'their justification, and they ?wore not curious to remember how Ho camo into tho world. It was enough for thorn that Ho was thoro to bo crucified on Calvary. , And, moreover, thoir conception of Christ was domi nated by a sonso of His divinity. All tho Apostles,' many of tho othor disciples, had seen Him in His rosurrcetion glory ; nono had looicod upon tho Babo of Botholohom. St. Paul, who preached Christ to tho Gentiles, saw Him on that memorable epoch in his own life ...l.nn' n ««1 rtn/I ftlin willpll Oil 1*11(1 CianM fllivf. f\T OlA sun at Upon struck him down in the way _ to Damascus. Ho dwelt naturally on the vision of divino majesty rather than on tho lowly picturo of a human infancy. And it may havo been, too, that tho early Christians feared to weaken their sense of Christ!s pxultation. by. dwelling .'on .tho idea .of His 'humiliation. Oorlain it. is that'duriiig the first throo centurios of tho' Christian era,' only ono hero and tlloro of the Church Fathers appears to real isd that Jesus was truly bone of man's bono and flesh of 'liis flosh. It is manifest also that they had no exalted appreciation of earth as a homo. Their cxporionce of it was tho experience of a hard house o£ imprisonment, to which birth- was tho entranco, death the welcome door of oscapo. Wo noed not wonder, theroforo, that tho early, Christians did not. think much about the Nativity or dream about celebrating Christinas. Regarding tho. entranco of the Son of God into ( Immunity as ainncidouUii tho history of redemp tion, thoy did' npt' yot 9oo that Ho had to dio because ho had been born. Truo, somo of tho leathers ' did indeed — as . men who woro boforo thoir day— loam to think of the wholo lifo of Christ in its unity as a lifo for and with man, crowned by a vicarious death and a resurrection. For example, Ircnnms says in a ?sentence .which, holds tho heart of Christmas— ' Tho Son of God became a child 'among tho childron ifi order that'ohildhood should bo ma'do holy.' ,'VV. A,t last, but not until tho latter half oil tho fourth contury, tho church at largo bogan to fool and 'to unfold tho meaning of Christmas.' , Emorging from tho gloom and storm of persecu tion .into Imporial favour, she saw that sho had a work. to do horo oh earth in cleansing and i , adorning human life with tho boauty of holinoss. ,'She bogan to seo how immonsoly significant was every incident in tho history of her Lord, the porfeot pattern for man in overy rolation of life. Oponing hor heart to tho humanity of religion, I .she began to draw noar to tho humanity of 1 ' Jesus, and to seok with eager intorost for the. I day of His birth that she, might consecrato it. , I ' Tlio day was not easy to find. There word I ? -scant means to direct tho. search. Tho Gospels I supplied no duo.- Oral tradition helped not. I M'aiiy ' and , contradictory suggestions of the H dataware availablo, but no certainty could bo I Tonohetl. And theroforo the church at longth. I -choso a day on grounds of convenionco and I symbolic significance, and by common consent I . celebrated that day as Christmas .Day. It' is H probable that thoro was some connection i in tho minds, of men botwoon tho date j| commonly, accepted as tho dato of tho $2 Annunciation and that of tho crontion of tho M ' -world. ' That dato was March 2f-, and a caloula-. W tion' readily gavo Docombor 2fi as in tlio natural M order tho dato of tho Nativity. And thoro is in II connection with tho fixing of that dato a m -wonderful coincidence. It was . in tho northern §§ ? 'hemisphere tho boginning of tho winter solstico, W -whon tljo world's natural darkness begins to M losson and ? its ? light to grow. What more 'jsj appropriate day could bo choson for tlio nppoar Si anoooftlio Sun of Righteousness. 'Behold, If my .brothrou,' says St. Augustino, ' another ML instanco of tho wondrous fulnlinont of ;Scrip,turo. S St. .John tho Baptist was born on Juno 25, tho B ?- auinmdr solstico, whon tlio sun bogins to doolino. |I| Tho Lord Jesus is bom on JDocombor 20, IH -when the sun begins to asoontl. And in this is |H 'Mflttod tho saying 'Ho must increase but I W mustdeoroaso.'' m 01 coursa tho solootiqn of the dato .of Christ jm mas in this way is ingenious and fanciful. It was Wl a way out M a difficulty ns simple as tho cutting of H| tho gordinn knot, Yet tho early Christians wore W not intont on making history pr in ?Bottling »|| chronological Balonco, antl thoro ib somowlint ot !f§ dovotlonal poetry in the uolootlon of a date for H]j ilio Nativity which brings it into harmony with iss tho yoar of naturo, and oxproases a holiof in tho P vital unity of tho life of. Ohrlst with tho llfu of iM -i tho^vorld. Creation', and 'redemption, rosurrec ml N .'.Holland daybreak, -.nativity. and the roturn of PI ^ uuoonciuorcdiBun— tlioso .'i\rp- united in the 1 '-, ' ? ' thought of God and the gratitude of ninn. Probably the shepherds did not watch thior flocks by night in tho fields amid -he rigours ot mid-winter. Probably December was not the dato of tho collection of the tnx imposed by Publius. Yot every lioart which feels the simplicity and the beauty of the Christian faith can join 'in the gladness of that Christmas Day which hns been consecrated by centuries of holy joy, and which celebrates the issue of a new light from the darkest and longest of the nights of earth. Tho earliest mention of the 25th of December as Christmas Day is found in an ancient cmV loguo of church festivals about 354 a.d. And it is surprising to see with what alacrity tho dato was received and tho Nativity celebrated throughout Christendom. It seems as if the world had been waiting for this festival of divine and human childhood, nnd was rendy to welcome it at once with songs of joy. In the year 300 it was already :* celebrated in Rome by vast multitudes thronging the churches. Twenty years later, A.itioch had taken it up with groat' popular enthusiasm. And in a little more than fifty years from its curliest suggestion, tho observance of Decombor 25 as the day of the Nativity had bocomo the general practice of Chriitians. St. Chrysostom, in a sermon preached at Antioch, called it the fundamental fcasb, or tho root whence all other Christian festivals grow. 