FACT AND FICTION. BOOKS OF THE DAY. Granted the possibility of the exist ence among men— the majority thereof moving amongst what are called "smart" circles— of a so-called Murder Club, the plot of "The Crime and the Criminal," by Richard Marsh (Ward. Lock and Coy., London, New York, and Melbourne), Is not an Impossible one. Perhaps not Improbable, for in this whirling, wheeling nineteenth century of ours, men, and women, too, will do al most everything for variation or ex citement. A man has been known even to play double dummy by way of n change, and a woman has been heard of who, for the same reason, held her tongue for two months. In this par ticular Instance, the "crime" la excit ing In its nature, and the real criminal "Interesting" in the extreme. Not very natural, perhaps, but still quite In ac cordance with the admitted possibility of a "Murder Club," such as that de scribed. To commence with, a prosaic, easy-going, and by no moans handsome stockbroker meets in a railway carriage between Brighton, and London, a for mer mistress. Words ensue, followed by a struggle, during which the lady falls through the carriage door. The wretched "man on 'Change" is too want ing in backbone to give tho alarm, and in consequence subjects himself to the blackmailing of a broken down gentle man— a rascal of about the meanest or der. The difficulties ho gets into are well told, and at lost, having confided in his wife— a charming, true-hearted little woman— he defies the blackmailer, but- too late to save him from being ar rested on a charge of murdering the woman he had travelled with, whose ghost, to pile on the agony, had been haunting htni. From this point the story is taken up by another man, a handsome, aristocratic member of "The Murder Club," who, being entrusted with the "Honor of the Club," Justifies the distinction by calmly strangling a young girl whom he had seduced, and throwing her body on to the railway line, where It Is found, and Identified by seve ral clear and conscientious witnesses as that of the woman who had fallen from the carriage when travelling with the stockbroker, but escaped without in- Jury. Curiously enough, but quite in nc- , eordnnce with the general outlines of the 1 story, lite blackmailer turns out to be a scape- grncc brother of the handsome aristocrat— why, and for what purpose, tho author only knows, lie might Just as well have been anybody else. Then, there is n leading barrister, with a charming daughter and a large fortune, which he Is most anxious to bestow upon the aris tocrat. Suddenly, however, there ro-»p- pears the woman who had fallen from the carriage, and she also falls In love with the fashionable inurderef. thereby introducing another complication. Simul taneously, there appears mi American from Colorado, who Is looking for a lost daughter, who eventually turns out to be the girl murdered by the dllletfinte aristocrat. Tho stockbroker Is tried for Ills life and condemned to death, but finally saved, because ho recognises 'In court the- woman whom he Is accused of murdering. Eventually, by the aid, of court?, of the Inevitable detective, the guilt is sheeted homo to the handsome aristocrat, who, after an exciting inter- view wun i no American uiuiur oi uic murdered girl, and pitching the presi dent of the Murder Club out of the win dow, takes prusslc acid and "his leave" of the world generally; while the girl ho was engaged to- is- .--presumably left .to the attentions of tin equally aristocratic and would-be mur derer, who,' having had the "honor of the Club" placed In his hands, has not prov. ed quite equal to the occasion. Apart from the egregious eccentricity of the plot, the book Is well written, with a vein of bitter humor running through H by no means' unsuitable to the bizarre idea that Is. Uic main feature of its con struction. In fact, n hoalthy-mlnded man might read It with some sort of amusement. To a morbid nature. It might cause dyspeptic troubles, mental And bodily. Murder, oh n line art, bus often been talked about. As an aristo cratic amusement, It is something of u novelty. Mr Jerome K. Jerome, the popular author of Three Men In a Boat, always writes better when he Is not absolutely straining to be funny. Then he Is In clined to overdo It, Just as many other writers do. Indeed, thefe Is no such heavy mental task an the. constant ef fort to be funny. There are times when such fun as there may be in a man bubbles out spontaneously. There are others when It Is dragged out of him as a badger Is dragged out of ills bole, and nearly alwnys, after quite as hard a fight. Joe Miller is believed to havo been a most melancholy man, and the Jester of the middle ages was often a very serious character, In spite of ills bells and motley, witness some of Shakespeare's clowns. Thus, when one of our so-called funny writers of the pre sent day tries his hardest to amuse us. he often dm not succeed so well as when he dashes at his Usk In the hap py-go- lucky spirit of the sportsman, to whom the ground on the other side of a fence Is Immaterial. In the little work now before us, Sketches in Lavender, Blue and Green (J.#ongmnns. Green and Co., George Robertson and Co., Mel bourne), Mr Jerome Is In good form, and amuses accordingly. The sketch es alluded to.twenty In number, are ol the character order, lightly und skilfully touched: not too bitter In their satire, and displaying a varied knowledge of tiutnau nature. Reginald Blukt. finan cier and cad. Is not unknown, to many of us. even In his strange be havior towards the end of the sketch. Neither Is the "M/m who would man age " or tho "Man who lived for others." Who has not met the absent- minded man, and how many are there who have not succumbed to the fascin ations of u '"charming woman and gone on Lholr way the reverse of rejoicing. Taking them altogether, the Sketches In Lavender will go wll this weather, with a pipe and a good fire to read them by. "Pomona's Travels/' by Frank R. Stockton (Casseli and Co.) Ib an Inter esting and original story- divided into twenty-seven letters-written by the titular heroine. The author has a hap py and pleasing knack of letter-writing/ and In this Instance his tulent lends a peculiar charm to the Incidents nnrra- tcd. 