QUEEN BESS. HER UNQUIET SPIRIT 'HAUNTS WINDSOR CASTLE. A very remarkable story is published In tho "Dally Mall," to thu effect that Lieutenant A. St. Legcr (Jlyn, 3rd Bat talion CJrenudlor Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost iu the library at Wind- sor Castle. The following siUtement wan nmdc by tho Lieutenant's mother, the hon. Mia Carr Olyn, to the "Mall" Investigator:-, "it Is perfectly true that my son has wit nessed something abnormal, lie was, he tells me, sitting In the library of Wind sor Castle, reading a book— The History of Dorsetshire, to be exact. As he read, ho bccujno aware of someone passing In the Inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling to the shoulders. The tlgure passed across tho library to wards a corner which was out of view as my (Kin sal, und he did not tnke much notice, thinking It was somebody else reading In the Inner room. This was Just upon four In the afternoon, and un attendant soon afterwards came up to dose the place. My son asked who the lady wus at work In the Inner room, ami the attendant replied that no one else was In the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady lutd just before walked ncross the inner room. 'Then where could she he?' asked Uie attendant, having ascertained that nobody was In the Inner room. 'She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, Indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. 'Hut there Is no door,' said the attendant. My son snkl no thing ubout this Incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr Holmes, the librarian, asked lilin about it, the atten dant having mentioned the matter to Mr Holmes. Asked by Mr Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, tny son did so, and Mr Holmes replied that my sou hod seen the nprarltlon of Queen Kllzabeth. Mr Holmes added there were records that this apparition haunt! these rooms, but Lieutenant Olyn was the first man In our time who Iwul seen It. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about It, and several members of the IlojnlF.\mlly have Interviewed him on tho subject. As for Mr Holmes, I nm given to undorstnnd that he lias spent! nights nnd days In the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation." The lion. Sydney Carr Glyn, the fam ous Crimean veteran, and the father of Lieutonanat Glyn, said:— "If my son Hays he has seen anything you may take H from us that he has seen It. He Is n fresh, honest English hoy, nnd he wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breadth." . Both tho hon. and Mrs Carr Olyn gave permission for the publication of thin statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lleulbnant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieutenant Olyn. soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, nnd on Monday morning came the answer: "Cer tainly, if you like.— Olyn, Grenadlera, Is- lay." The representatives of the "Dally Mall" next saw Mr B. B. Holmes. F.S.A., Mr Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition He says thnt this gallery has had the remilntlon of holng haunted by tho ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His recollrc- tion of the story dnteH from twenty- seven years ago, nml ho. ha been In tho habit of spending Hallowe'en In the gal lery for several years In the hope of en- countering- lipr deceased Majeslly, He had heard some rumors to the effect thnt the Empress Frederick had. when a child, seen an apparition In the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denial of tho rumor, 