k GREAT WRONG: or, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOL- LOW GRANGE. CHAPTER IV.—COSTTDSCKD. " Passengers for Piedmont," shouts the conductor. Lenore fans no desire to visit Piedmont, but she sees the blue highlands beyond, and fancying that Pluck Hollow Grange must be somewhere in their midst, she determines to go on. With an clastic sprinc she nets aboard, and the train thunders on just as poor, panting Clotilde comes up. " Miss Lenore 1 Miss Lenore?" she shrieks, but the roar of the wheels drowns her frantic cry, and Miss Trevethon, looking from the window of her carriage, nods and kisses ' the tips of her white fingers, as she ie whirled away. " What shall I do J" moans the woman, wringing her hands. "He'll take tnv life if he ever knows. Oh, what shall I do ?" Meanwhile Lenore flies on, over miles of golden gorse, and purple heath- bloom, a strange sense of liberty thrilling lirr, Tbe young lady removes her jaunty hat, and lies back in her 6eat, while the breeze stirs her tresses into a mass of riotous gold. Heiress and bride-elect that she is, she finds her life insufferably dull and stupid. The constant adnlation and homage of men and women, has grown to. be an old song, of which she is thoroughly- weary. " I wish I could run away," she repeats, watching the flying hills with dreamy eyes. " I have half a mind to try—run away and seek my fortune, as the heroines in novels sometimes do. and leave all my possessions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, be *would follow me, and fetch me back to marrv Richmond, Pear, dear, how awfully stupid it all is—this marrying business above all. It really turns rac sick to think of it. I sincerely hope that Richmond may be ship, wrecked 1" " Pie imont Station !" She springs to her feet, and adjusts herhllt an<l tumbled tresses. " If ym please, sir," she inquires, as the conductor hands her out. "is there a place any whore near here called Clack Hollow Gransrc ?"' The man turns round and looks at her before be repli' s : " Yes. miss, there is; the « Haunted Mannr.' it is called nowadays." Precisely: that's the' place I mean. •\Vill y.jn hare the kin-tares, sir, to tell mr the distance, and in what direction it lies ?'' "Over yoTi-ler. mies. the other side of those blue peak", to theMta matter of a couple of miles periiaps. and a pretty straight road. Itut becking your pardon, miss, vou don't think of trnijg there?" "Yes. sir, T am certainly going to the • Haunted Manor,' if I can find it, and I'm much obliged to you." P' rhaps you don't know, miss, that tbe manor's been deserted this ten year and more, an 1 folks say 'tis haunted ?'' cintinues the conductor, with the very best intentions. "Yes, sir, I know all about it. Goodmorning 1" Lonore trips away, wbile a dozen heads protrude from the carriage windows, and as many pairs of eyes watch her with staring curi sitv. She harries on, more determined than ever to aec Miiplish the object she hns in She has walked a full mile, and the sun has passed the zenith before she comes^in sight of n single dwelling, or the lea<=t sivn of civilized life. At last, in a creen hollow beneath the hills, she s?es a small luit, in front of vhich an old woman sits knitting. Lenore is growing weak from fatigue and hunger: hencc she determines to turn aside and buy a draught of fresh milk, and find out if6he is pursuing the ri^'ht way. The old dame rises up at her approach and proffers her a sest, which tbe girl gladly accepts t lhe taints protect us 1" cries toe uame, with uplifted hands and affrighted eyes*, one would take ye for the lovely murdered Ieddy herself, come out of her winding sheet. Are ye & chost or a living woman " A living woman, and a hungry one, too," laughs Lenore. " My goo i creature, what do yon mean ? 3urely you don't take me for ft ghost 1" "Nay, nay, but ye look loikeher.the poor murdered leddy as sleeps in the Black Hollow up yonder. I seen her wi* these two eyes, the blessed night afore she was murdered, a walking up and down the terrace, bcr yaller bair all a streaming, and tbe flowers on ner breast, and yon be as like her as two peas." Lenore a eyes quiciciy ftu witn tears, ana her breast heaves. " Poor lady," she replies, steadying her voice by a great effort. " I've heard of her Tell me about her, please." " There is little to tell, miss, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so fair and so smiling, and the next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of her own heart's blood, and the master gone, and from that day to this he has not been heard of. But they do say," she adds, with a shudder, "as he it was murdered her, because ebe had a smiling face for other men than bim, and that's why they buried her in the Black Hollow, and with a Btone crosB at her bead. Lenore presses ber hand against her heart. She has never been told before that her mother lies buried in the Black Hollow below the C range. "And no one can tell what become of him 2" she falters. " The husband, you mean 7 Bless you, no, miss 1 But some think he made an end of his^elf in the lake yonder, and they do say, when it storms, and the wind6 are high, be comes back and sitB on the shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair streaming, wringing ber white hands, and crying fit to break her heart." •' And the baunted manor is not far from here, is it?" asks Lenore. " A mile perhaps, right above ns, beyond the black firs." Were you ever in the old house t I mean, since the murder?" "Saints protect us, I'd as soon venture within the gates o' perdition. Why, no human creature has ever crossed that black glen; and no one has ever entered the accursed place since the murder, excepting Ambrose Gerhart and he was well-nigh frightened out of bis wits." ° "There was a child left, I have heard," Miss Trevethon continues, moved by a :urious desire to hear all the old 'dame 'can tell. * * " Bless ye, miss, a little mite of a girl .and (he was wandering trora room to room, a lobbing and crying, and her mother's blood afore her young eyes. They fetched her down here the very day after the mnrder, and I gave her a bowl of goat's milk and brown bread from that very blue bowl on the dresser. Such a pretty little lady, the very picture of her mother." " And what became of her f" • " They took her away. His cousin came from over the sea,and took her off to London, and I've heard nothing of her 6ince. She may be dead by this—the better for her if •he is, poor thing, for tbe mother's shame always falls on the daughter's head." " Ay, true enough, better for her if she were dead," Lenore echoes under her breath, with a weary sigh. " Let me have a draught of milk and a morsel of bread, and take this for your trouble," she adds, aloud. The dame's eyes glitter greedily at sight of the silver which Lenore puts in her yellowpalm, and she hobbles away, and produces a bowl of milk and a small loaf of bread. - Lenore drinks the milk from tbe same bine bowl, from which she was fed so many years ago, puts a morsel of the loaf in her pocket, bids her hostess adieu, and deoarta. xhe old woman looks after her, shading set eyes from the afternoon sunlight. "The saints protect us." she mutters, 'they be as like as two peas f It surely can't 6e the ghost of the murdered fair lady I [ ihould drop ia my shoes with tear If I really thought so." ' CHAPTER Y. AY AWFUL APPABXTIOV. It to the tame old story of mnrder and UlyStery that Miss Trevethon had heard from the lips of old Kisby a few jean before. He was an old and devoted servant of the House of Trevethon, and on his death-bed he had told tbe young heiress the terrible tale of her mother's murder and her father disappearance, the us terribJeaffiair » » * . « — — s o m e two or three jr^JftoJhTfamrt betrothal, or •<I*tnr MattUM," with wMeh our ttory opened* l^^ytwvetton,the banished country under his assumed name, while his cousin. Arthur, reigned in his stead at Lyndith Hall. But poor Sir Arthur was an "invalid, suffering from an incurable disease, and took bet small comfort in his wealth and his honors. The one desire of his heart was to see his adopted brother again, and to restore to him the heritage which his father's unnatural cruelty had taken from him. But Geoffrey did not retnrlj, nnd hie letters to bis friends in England were fei^and far between. Despairing of ever seeing him again. Sir Ajthcr made his will, binding his daughter, as~l:e fancied, to remain true and loyal to her childish marriage to her cousin, Richmond. Some time thereafter he went with his family to spend the summer months, after the custom of bis race, at an old home, amid the Scottish Grange—a gloomy, ghostly, grand old boase, built on the summit of a bold spar, beneath which lay a wild glen, from which the place derived" its name. Sir Arthur went up with troops of gay friends, and a few efficient servants, and through all the golden summer-time the hill country was enlivened with theii festivities. It was as late as September when the party broke up, and the baronet made preparations for his return to England. Gnly a day oi so before his departure * foreign letter cama through his London a&ent; from the banished heir, and it contained the welcome intelligence that he was coming home at last. His wife was dead and buried in India, and in Jcdiencp to her dying wish, he was coming, with his son, Richmond, to Lyndeth Hall. This letter made Sir Arthur another man. Filled with delight, he made preparations for an immediate visit to London to meet and welcome the returning soldier. " No matter bow soon I die now, I shall die content," he said to his wife on the eve of their departure. " To see Geoffrey reinstated in his old home is the dearest wish of my lite." The guests were all gone from Black Hollow Grange ; the servants had been sent in advance to Lyndeth Hall, and on the morrow Sir Arthur and his family would follow. The morrow camc, and the men who were to take charge of the Grange appeared at an early hour. They found the old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, an awful sight met them. Under the sickly glimmer of tbe still burning chandeliers, all bathed in blood, lay Sir Arthur's beautiful wife, brutally murdered ; in the room beyond her maid was also found dead ; and wandering about tbe nursery, sobbing in terror and grief was tbe little girl Lenore. Sir Arthur himself was pone. No trnce of him, either alive or dead, could be found anywhere. A week, perhaps, after this shocking trfi<rp(3y, the cuuBin of the murdered man arrived in London with his little son. He was greatly shocked, as may be imagined, but he evinced great presence of mind, and at once hurried to the scene of the murder. He found tbe neighborhood in great excitcment, and the Grange in the bands of the authorities, who were using every effort to elucidate the mystery. Vainly enough, however, not the slightest clue could be had to the murderer, nor could the mysterious disappearance of Sir Arthur be accounted for. His wife, poor, beautiful lady, who was a foreigner by birth, and without relatives in England, had been buried in the hollow below the Grange ; and a report was circulated that her frailty had equalled her beauty, and her husband had murdered her in a fit of jealousy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contradicted with great indignation, and took upon hims'if the task of clearing up tbe mystery and lifting tbe dishonor from his cousin's name. Putting aside all scruples in regard to his late father's will, be at once accepted the title which belonged to him, and installed himself as guardian of little Lenore, assuming entire control of the vast estates of which she was sole heir. He worked assiduously, too, eparing no expense or pains to solve the strange mystery and brins the criminal to justice, but without success. Xot the slightest clue could be had to the mysterious disappearance of Sir Arthur or to the murderer of his wife. Vears passed, and tbe mystery of Black Hollow Grange was a mystery still; and little by little the terrible story had come to Lenore's ears as '6he grew toward perfect womanhood. A word here, and a hint there, until at last the old servant, on his deathbed, had poured the whole awful story into her ear. From that hour the heiress of Trevethon bad thought of little else. She thinks of it now, standing all alone amid the wild Scottish hills under the very sliadowof tbe weird old house which holds the awful secret. The sun bangs low in the west, its yellow rays gleaming on the quaint, weird windows and gray gables of the haunted Grange; but in her brave, resolute heart Miss Trevethon resolves to push her adventure to the end. She had planned too long to obtain this opportunity to have any thought of renouncing it. Yet, despite her brave blood and her invincible will, her young cheek blanches, and a slight shudder shakes her, as she looks up at the frowning old mansion, dimly revealed through the thick foliage of the black firs. In that gruesome, ghostly manor she was made an orphan. Ab. heaven, if she might only be able to solve the mystery and lift the stain from her dead mother's name. With rapid steps she makes her way to the black glen below the manor. It is a wild and lonely valley, shut in by funereal borders jf black: fire, and in its very centre uprises a spectral stone cross. Lenore casts herself down upon the mossy earth and reads the simple inscription: ' Lenore Trevethon." Lenore is deeply moved; she rests her throbbing head against the cold tombstone And weeps as she never wept before. " Mother, dear, beautiful mother I" she moans, ' I do not believe one word of the svil they impute to you—I never will believe it. Oh, mother, look down from heaven and pity your poor child P A raven fiaps its wings in the black nrancbes overhead anduttersa dismal croak, lhe girl rises to her feet with a shudder, •lacks a sprig of blooming heather from the lonely grave, and turns away with a heartbroken Bob. The winding path that once led np the oluff is all overgrown, and it is with considerible dificulty that she makes the ascent. Panting from her exertions, she at laststands before the huge iron gate. It is closed, but *t the touch of her band it swings open with A hoarse creak. She crosses the grounds and gains the terrace upon which her mother walked the evening before her death. The flagstones beneath her feet are green *nd slippery withlmold.the old house looms up above her like a huge gray tomb. She looks up at the silent windows and an awful terror eomes over her. Her cheeks blanch and her rery knees sbake. * Bnt she clenches her hand and sets her teeth, the old Trevethon will risingap strong within ber. " Never look back," was an ancient motto of her house. She will not look back now. She makes her way roand to the front entrance. The yard is overgrown, ana here and there a broken urn or a fallen statue gleams throngh the long grass, and over the huge pillars of the portico wild vines trail in luxuriant growth. Lenore ascends the mossy eteps, passes the vestibule, and tries the massive oak door. It opens readily, and she passes through into a wide hall all hung with hunting trophies, and here and there a piece of ancient armor. Through a stained windowat the remote end the afternoon sun shines, filling the room with lurid Bplendor. Miss Trevethon moves on with bated breath and distended eyes, awed and yet strangely fascinated. She comes to another door, which admits her into the spacious double drawing-rooms. Tbe lurid glow from the stained window penetrates even here, disclosing tbe tattered silken hangings and the faded carpet, in the very centre of which, under the rusty chandelier, is a dark stain, which all the years had failed to obliterate. The girl sees it, and a cry of honor breaks from her white lips. It was in that spot that her mother lay murdered. She turns away, sick and shuddering, and returns to the hall. The broad staircase goes winding upjnst beyond her; and possessed with a foolish fancy that in some part of this dim old house she must find a (due to her father's mysterious fate, she ventures to ascend. ' Her light eteps ring sharply in the terrible silence. On the first landing a great bird flatters out from a sequestered nook, and flies past her with a scream. The girl's heart beats 60 rapidly that she can scarcely breathe, and a cold Bweat bedews her brow. batshe foes on. She cones to a longsolte of sleeping apartments, the first ot Which she enters. It ia a spacious chamber, which tnhst have been •plendtolnitnUy, theoouohallWig with tamWbcd White, the 4iH|lng*HU9 f^rpfp* "Can this have been my mother's cham. ber ?" the girl wonders. She approaches the table to Belectsome little souvenir from the faded toys, when a sudden sound, a mesmeric sense of some near presence, thrills her with deadly terror. She tnnu round, just in time to see an on posite door swing cautiously open and a face peer through the aperture. An awful faco it seems to the terrified girl, white and spectral, with a beard flowingdown like a frosty cloud. One wild, wide-eyed glance, and then with a shriek of mortal fear Lenore flies cat of the chamber and down the resounding stairs. " Stop, stop ! I'm not mad, my beautiful maiden ; I won't hurt you," calls a gentle, musical voice. But :f Miss Trevethon heirs she docs not heed. She flies downward with headlong speed until she reaches the tcrrace below ; tiscre she pauses and and reels giddily for an instant. Her over-taxed powers fail her, and with a second terrified cry she falls down upon the mossy flag-stones in a deathlike swoon. CHAPTEB VI. AN ILTI-STAEKED MEETING. When Miss Trevethon awoke from her trance of terror the sun was quite down, and the silvery mist of a September twilight hnng over tbe dark old manor.' She lay where she bad fallen on the damp stones of the terrace, and it was some time before she could collect her senses sufficiently to remember what had happened, or where she was. When ebe did fully remember, all her wild terror was revived, and she scrambled to her feet, and went scudding across the grounds like a hunted hare. Beyond the great gate she paused, and ventured to look back. Tbe sun was down, bnt all the west was in a flame of crimsun fire, wbile over the bine peaks of tbe Highland hills a golden harvest moon was rising. Every window in the old manor, every gray turret, was gilded with reflected light. Lenore gazed upward, experiencing a feding'of admiration despite her terror ; but while she gazed a turret window was thrown open, and that same awful face looked ont. A phantom hand slowly beckoned her, and that same luring, musical voice called ont again. " Pretty maiden, no need to run away; this house is mine, and yon are welcome. I am not mad, as they tell you !' At any other time the girl's brave blood would have sustained her : but wearied and unnerved as ebe was, Ebe 6uccutnbed to the terror that assailed ber ; never dreaming that anything short of some awful supernatural presence was looking down upon her. She turned and fled, as if for her verylife. " Clotilde was right," she murmured, as she ran along; " I should never have come 1" She had gone about a mile perhaps, when she began to feci doubtful about her ability to keep tbe right path. She paused, and glanced about her, hoping to see Gome human habitation. Alas ! there was none in sight. By this time the snn had gone down, and the moon was batbing the earth with its silver radiance. While she stood irresolute, a footstep eounded behind her. She turned swiftly, and faced a man.-with his hat in his band, and a cigar between his lips. A tali, dark, and rather handsome person he looked in the moonlight. Lenore decided to address him. " If you please, sir." she said, as he approached her, *' I am trying to reach Piedmont station, and I feef 6omewhat doubtfnl whether I am on the right course. Will you have the kindness—" " 2fow that i* jolly," tbe stranger interrupted, in a barsb, familiar voice. " Piedmont station—the very confounded place I'm in search of 1 Come, my dear, you are too pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, BO we'll bear each other company. Give me your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or some other place." He advanced quite close, and attempted to take her hand ; his breatb, reeking with biandy, coming hot upon her cheek. Lenore drew back in disgust and anger. " Thank you, sir, but I have no desire for your company; I merely thought yon would be civil enough to direct me which way to go. Let me pass 1" But he planted himself before her like a wall. Her blue eyes began to flash like steel, and the rich color leaped to her white cheeks. She had fled from what she believed to be an apparation, but she had no fear of mortal man. " Let me pass, sir;" sha repeated, her imperious voice ringing like a bugle. " Let you pass 1" tbe man repeated, catching at her hand again. " Why, what d'ye take me for ? What's a pretty creature like you strolling about at this hour for, if not in quest of company ? And I'm good company, I am. Come, now, give us a kiss, and take my arm, and we'll jog along together as jolly as you please!" A sudden sense of ber thoughtless indiscretion in putting herself in such a questionable position, smote Lenore, bnt she felt no fear. " Will you let me pass, sir I" she again repeated. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew her close to liis side, and bending over her, made an effort to pollute her cheek by contact with his !ips. She did not cry oat or even straggle, but her blue eyes darkened until they looked almost black in the moonlight, and she pnt her right band to her bosom. Tbe next instant, something bright flashed out like a gleam of lightning, and the man releasing his bold, staggered back with a loud cry. *' Why, what's this ? What are you doing ?" demanded a resonant voice. Miss Trevethon turned quietly to meet this new-comer, returning the slender dagger to her bosom, as she did so. It was a curious, costly little toy, that bad been in her family for ages, and it was Lenore's habit to carry it about her person. (To be continued.) As an instance of the endurance of the Northumbrian miner, one of them, working at Seghill, has been compelled, in consequence of tbe scarcity of " houses to let" in the locality, to take up his residence at Cowpen, about p e.ght nulesd.^nt from his work Heisin a the night shift, and in order to reach his work p by 3 a.m has to set out at midnijht. The p other night lie set out as usual, and alodger fc m the same house chancrf t« be^taimng a from the Theatre Royal at BIyth. Thelod K er l was turning out the next morning at C when • the miner returned after six hours' temp ^ t ^ n ^ S t f / ^ ^ to^ri^i A few inaccuracies.—Adaily paper publishes the following correction of on article which had appeared in its columns the previous day. •Yesterday we the •particulars of a fire Which had occurred in the village of-^Io whurrt, iaentioninR the- ttamcjs and. surnames - of the victims. Having obtained further information, we hasten to rectify certain inaccuracies in the report ofthe Bad event. There were no victims, since the fire in question never took plane. We may add that the village of Slowhnrst does not exist.' Of the British nobility the Duke of Athole may claim to have the greatest number of titles. Besides his dukedom, he holds two marqmsates, five crldoms, three viscounticies, eight baronies, and is also a Knight of the Thistle—twenty distinct title»in alL He is, moreover, co-heir of fire tithir baronies. When addressing the House, Mr. Balfour generally holds himself together by the lapels of his coat. He is an extremely nervous man. and moves about a good deal, both in his seat and on his feet, llie is indefatigable, alert, well posted, fearless, and generally good humored in debate. Professor Calderwood, of Edinburgh University, is the champion face recojlector. It is said in the university that he n^ver forgets any of his students, though his cubs^ which numbers about 200, changes wholly from year to year, and he sees the members for only one hour daily. ' • The late Professor • Huxley's autograph, attached to a letter containing this passage, was offered for sale some time ago: " I look upon autograph hunters as a progeny of Cain, and treat their letters accordingly; heaven forgive you if ytita are only an Ingenious specimen of the same race." 'Madam,'said the impecunious boarder to the landlady, * I wish to pay m7 addresses to; your daughter.' Tm delighted to hejur it,'jAe replied ; 'but I should like to mention that if you dont pay them more promptly than you doyourboard bills, you'll never gether,young man.' . The Navy fljeague's proposition to place a wreath at the foot of Nelson's Column on the anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar calls to tntnd the famous exclamation of one of Neleonssailors when he first caw the column in Trafalpar-Bqnuire. "My -eyes 1" tbontod the old salt. " Why, they've mastheaded the sMmirall" sisaiS" m 