A Fatal Mistake. In one of the wildest districts of the wild west of Ireland, far out of the track of the ordinary tourist, lies the headland of Ross- It is a bleak and desolate spot—laßhed by. the Atlantic waves, which beat upon its •unprotected face, worn into strange wrinkles and iron furrows by the storms of ages. Here on the calmest day the surf breaks restless, or treacherous vfaves creep in sudden from the deep, and roll high upon, the rocks In foam. The crest of the red cliffs, from which the point derives its namo, are touched by. no fringe of green. No grass grows in the teeth of the fierce salt-laden blast which Bweeps across ltd uring the frequent At lantic gales. The heavy-beating waves of wind have worn the very stone away, and even under the lee of the headland, where It joins the mountain skirts of Knockroe, the few fields won from the moorland re turn bo poor a harvest that they hardly, repay the husbandman for his toil. Near the summit of this wild and for bidding spot, though sheltered in part by a shoulder of the cliff, stands a deserted house. Though now weather-beaten and gone to ruin, It had seemingly at one time, and not long ago, been a farmhouse of the better sort. Its high and massive gable, built of great unwrought stones, faced the setting sun, and was pierced by a small, oddly shaped window high up and partly hidden by the projecting cave, which, as report had It, often served as a watch-tower by day and a lighthouse by night, for the smugglers who once frequented the coast, and used the house as a place of call. But smuggling had long ceased to be a profitable trade, and the house had been de graded to the baser uses of a farm, and now for years it had stood untenanted, and been allowed to drop into decay. The once well-slated roof had rotted and given way. The stairs were broken and un safe, and green with a slimy ooze. The floors of the upper rooms had fallen down, and showed the naked rafters hung with trailing cobwebs, through which the sky looked in. Fat weeds grew rank upon the once cheerful hearth. The door hung open by a single hinge. The window-frames and shattered glass lay in ruin on the moss grown floor, and the empty eyeless socket* gazed vacantly at the unfrequent traveller; for few cared to pass the spot by daylight, and none would go near it after dark. The house bore an evil name. Grisly; tales were told by old men of the smug glers, or even pirates, by whom it had bean once frequented, and of the gaugers and in formers whom they had murdered in the cave which was said to run beneath it ; but setting these more or less doubtful stories aside, its later and authentic history was sufficiently tragic to account for the ill repute in which It is held. Its last owner was a widow, to whom the house and the headland had been left by her husband's father, in trust for her son, a boy of about 12 years of age. Attached to this headland was a mountain farm, with grazing ground for twelve cow* v The seaweed which grew along the fore shore was also worth a considerable sum, as well as the Bhare of wreckage washed from the decks of sinking Bhips in mid- Atlantic, so that the widow, with her com fortable house and tidy farm, was gene rally looked upon as a " warm" and well to-do woman. A younger brother of her husband's, a' quiet, decent young man, assisted her in the management of the farm ; all things went well with her, and the house had almost lived down its evil name. The widow was a strong-minded woman, who feared not ghosts, neither regarded men, as the many would-be Buccessom to her late husband soon discovered ; but un happily, a year or two after her father- in law's death, his eldest son, who had en llsted in his youth in one of the East India Company's- old regiments, and had long been thought to be dead, unexpectedly re turned, having been drummed out of tho service, as some said ; or having taken his pension, as he himself asserted. This man no sooner discovered that his father was dead than he laid claim to the farm. He said that his father would never have left it away from him had he known that he was alive, and he demanded instant possession, which the widow, who loved money, and who was wrapped up In her boy, promptly refused him. Then he went to law, and sued her in the county court, but was nonsuited, with costs. He thereupon took possession of an empty labourer's hut upon the mainland farm, directly opposite the widow's house, and resisted all attempts to eject him. He pro cured an old musket, with which he swore that he would shoot any one who came near him. He vowed that he would shoot the widow whether she came near him or not, and he kept her in such constant fear and bodily terror (or she pretended that he did, for in reality I do not think that she feared either man or devil) that sho had him bound over to keep the peace for twelve months. No doubt he was a dangerous man. I be lieve he once had a sunstroke in India, and when he was the worse for drink he was little better than a raging lunatic. Strange to say, he was always gentle with the boy, even in his most drunken moods, and the boy took to him kindly, and would sit for hours by his side, listening to his tales of battle and of storm. Tho uncle, or the soldier, as he was always called, was, In addition to his other accomplishments, a keen fisherman, and he and the boy would go away on fine days for hours, line-fishing on the bay, to the mother's great distress and terror. The soldier had no boat of his own, but they would take the widow's, a leaky old tub, which the boy was always begging her to have repaired ; a request which she steadily refused, firstly, because she was what the neighbours called a near woman and did not like to part with her money .(for the boat was hardly worth repairing) ; and, secondly, because she hoped that It would scon be so bad that they would be unable to launch it, and that -their fishings would be perforce put an end to. If this were her desire, however. It was defeated, for" the soldier bought an old dingoy for a small sum, and, being a handy man at carpenter's work, he repaired and made her watertight ; but as she was a crank and dangerous craft, hardly fit to hold one with safety, the widow was in constant dread whenever her boy went out with his undo on the treacherous bay. and at last she. determined to have the old yawl repaired. On the morning of the day after she had come to this resolution she was oversee ing the work of a few labourers who were digging potatoes in a field hard by her houße. Prom tho place where she sat she could see her terrible brother-in-law's hut, and as Bhe watched it with no very fond gaze she saw him come out with some fishing lines in his hand; launch his old dingey, and pull out into the bay, and she thought bitterly of the affection which this ne'er-do-well had managed to steal from her, and with all her heart she wished him and his boat at the bottom of the- sea. So Bhe sat on, musing and repining, for an hour or more. She was a sufferer from rheumatism, and was not feeling well that day, or Bhe would have been at work with the women, collecting the potatoes, for Bhe was a hard-working soul and a thrifty. All of a sudden she saw the men lean on their spades and listen. " What's the matter ?" she cried. " Did you hear that screech ?" replied one of them. " There it is again !" said another. Tho widow listened Intently, and heard clearly from the sea a cry as of one in pain or terror. " There's somebody drowning, ma'am," a man called out to her as she stood on the heights above him. " Run us to the verge and call us if you see anything ; the yawl is afloat, and we'll be there in a minute. I'm thinking 'twas only a saygull, after all." " Glory be to God ! He's through the bottom of the ould punt ! Oh, wouldn't Ibe in luck if it was only thrhue!" said the widow to herself. She hurried into the house, and crept up the narrow stairs to the little gable window, which com manded a full view of the bay, with an activity which no one would have expected from her age and infirmities, and there, sure enough, not many hundred yards away, she saw a figure struggling with the waves, and striving hard with gradually failing strength to reach the shore. The widow's eight was not very good, and she could not make out his features, but this was the very course which she had seen the hated soldier take, and It could bo none other than he, . A yawl lay afloat in the little bay be neath, from which the gentle lapping of the tide wias heard upon the shingle ; the labourers—«ll stout oarsmen—were close at hand ; a cry from her would summon them to the rescue in an Instant ; Imt she never raised that cry. With- «rim -4etor> mina.tipa sbe watched the' swimmer, aa his struggles grew weaker and weaker, and she turned down her thumbs, Just then a swift yawl, its oars double manned by a lusty crew pulling for dear life, shot round the headland ; and the steersman, wildly gesticulating, now Bhouted encouragement to the swimmer, now urged on his willing crew with frantic cries. The widow's heart sank and beoamo like lead. To be so near relief from danger and annoyance, and the pangs of Jealous love, and to miss it as though by a hair's breadth, seemed too hard. In her agony of disap pointment, she called upon the Ben-ed Vir gin, ''Star of the Bea," herself a mother, to aid her, and as it were In answer to her prayer, when the boat reached within one hundred yards of the drowniog man, and the steersman was already leaning over to clutch him, he threw up his hands with a despairing cry—Bank, and was seen no more. ' , The widow gave a great sigh of relief, and prepared to descend from her " bad eminence," when to her measureless «ur prlse another boat «hot round the point manned this time by a single rower, and to her rage and horror she caw the hated eoldier alive and «ound, and pulling with all his might for the fatal spot. The widow breathed no prayer this time *ut a heavy curse upon the soldier, In which I fear the Blessed Virgin wag In cluded, for having deceived her lratead of answering her orayer. At any xate, ehe re tracted the promise of twelve pounds of the best wax candles which she had vowed to her shrine in her first ecstasy of Joy. But who, then, was the drowned ? Some unoffending "boy of the neighbours," no doubt. What a pity ! She might have, called her men if she had only known,~and there would have been ample time to save him. Well, it could not be helped. It was the will of Ood. The boat's crew were picking up the drowned man's hat in eilence—a brown wideawake, which seemed strangely familiar to her eyes. The current and the light air had driftel them shorewards, and their features could now be distinguished even by her failing eyes. ° The terrible soldier had taken tho hat from the men, and No, surely, tbore were not the sounds of sobs which she heard coming from that hardened, UDfe^l ing reprobate ? A horrible fear seized her. She ran down the narrow stairs and through the open door like one distracted, and flown to the beach, where the men were ••dly landing, and the soldier, cryiag like a child, handed her Johnny's—her child's —hat. The atory was soon told. The other un cle and the boy, seeing the soldier go off fishing alone, determined to try th?ir luck also, but on a bank in front of the house, and nearer home. They launched the old yawl, and the uncle was proceeding to step the mast, when hie foot went through a rotten plank, from which he was unab c to withdraw It (as was proved when the wreck was washed aahcro same days afterwards). The boat filled rapidly and went down. It was his cries which the men had heard. When the boat sank, the boy, who wu a good Bwlmmer for his years, struck out for the shore ; and w« know the rest. No wonder the house bore an evil name. The widow fled from It, never to return and passed the rest of her life in the neighbourhood of the convent (which she endowed with all her worldly goods) ia ceaseless penance and prayer. No man knew her dreadful «tory for cer tain, except her priest, and to him It came «ub slgillo ; but the neighbours could put two and two together. They collated the statements of the labourers and that of the eervant-girl, who had seen her creeping up the stairs, and combined them with certain wild words which she let fall in her "first rage of grief and horror ; and they passed sentence upon her. and condemned her, and held her and her house accursed.—S. T. Heard, in " Cornhill." 