Some'We^osl^Mies: •I'mli Mr Andrew Lang has just written a book to jconvincethe sceptical concerning dreams and ghosts. One story related by Mr Liang of the manifestations which accompanied one Bolter, a trader's clerk on a Pacific' island, is facile princeps,. Mr. Lang tells this as a genuine adventure of a kinsman of his, a man of education, j. j j. 4. c ' an artist, and a student of an- .i • i j . ii i , , thi'Onolo£?v thropology and ethnolo^v. ethnology, who! has passed much of his life in the Pacific. Bolter, who became this gentleman's companion, was distinguished by large black eyes, with a peculiar dull, dead lustre. He could see in the dark, reading | writing hidden in an inner ; pocket, and so on. The niggers j' thought him a devil, it seems ! to the ordinary reader L* biffl 1 probable that they wer re rio-ht ' w Sleeping in the same bed with '* | Bolter, in a one-roomed hut Mr Lang's friend was awakened in the night •t by finding the, \- • t five bie 1 1 door open, 4u«o j.uijuii and lour j-vjuno. or t me ,,su i black bed. dogs He romping turned them round out, the - thinking them flesh and blood, but discovered afterwards that other men, wiio had shared Bolter's couch, had been disturbed by the same nocturnal visitants. Although the author does not state so, we are inclined to conclude that they must have been the hell hounds of ancient legend. The worst, however, was to come. Bolter could not be awakened. His face, always pasty white, was now like marble in the moonlight. And, meanwhile, the blanket was being gradually dragged from the v bed. The j j narrator pulled it up, but it was jerked away violently. He hung on, held fast, then faster, until it seems to have become a grim game of "pull devil, pull baker." The climax is thus teld :— " To get a better hold, I had taken a turn over my head (or perhaps simply to hide); when suddenly 1 felt a pressure outside on my body, and a movement like fingers^—they gradually approached niy head. Mad with fear I chucked off the blanket, grasped a hand, gazed on it for. a moment in silent horror, and threw it away,! No wonder; it was attached to no arm or body, it was hairy and dark-colored, the fingers were short, blunt, with long, claw-like nails, and it was minus a thumb! Too frightened to get up, 1 had to stop in bed, alter fresh vain attempts to awaken Bolter." In the morning an old Maori was found murdered in the garden, and the old man's hand was the thumbless object which figured in this scene. Most people will be at a loss to know what conclusion to draw from this attested narrative, save that of all room mates, the medmmistic Bolter was the least desirable. which imgregsF ing us' with tlie notion' Wa't " there are more things in heaven and earth," &c.;, are the historical ones, which are, or should be, well known. Lord Lyttelton's ghost, declared by Dr. Jobnsou to be " the most j extraordinary thing that has j happened in. iny day," is a i n exa f Pie. .Lyttelton was a of ^ f] e Wl ? ked lo " —a roue, a debauchee. On d v i -.nrm , , , 24th November. 1779, hfe de- , t , -r. „ .„ clared to Kowan Hamilton, to j Captain A.scough, and several other witnesses that he had seen a ghost (variously described as bird and woman), who had warned him he should die in three days. Although in bad health, he professed two days later that lie ''was -very well, and believed he should r I the ghost." But abou "Knighton 28th November he Udied 1 ( 7 "] U , suddenlv • in bed, ? while his e was absent for a few minutes. , , There was no in- TT <l uest '' ( aild ^orace cnrrrroefmn r»r n. ni'onioriir.flr.on Wa^0l% S s m estion a P reme ditated icide, . . with ,, the story • of i the . P^ntasm thrown m as a last practical joke, is rather a iarfetched hypothesis. Lord Brougham's story has a close resemblance to a host of others, all tending to support the theory or superstition that the wraiths- of the dead may rppear to the living at the moment of dissolution. Brougham tells it first in his diary, then in his autobiography. In youth he made a compact with his close friend, G- , that whichever died first should appear to the other, and so solve any doubts they had entertained of the life after death. They actually drew up and signed the agreement with their blood- G——. went to India. Brougham had almost forgotten his existence until, when taking a warm bath in a Swedish hotel, he turned round towards the chair on which' he . had deposited his clothes. There sat G——, looking calmly at him, and the future statesman sprawled senseless upon the floor at the sight, G , it proved afterwards, had died on that very day. Lord Brougham thinks hf. must have dreamed in his bath, and calls it a " singular coincidence." Mr Lang does not appear to agree. There is not only the extraordinary coincidence ot the " dream" synchronising with the death, but the fact of the early compact immensely multiplying the maihematical odds. We are informed that Mr. P. A. Biz<int, manager of the Belle Vue mine, at Mt. Sir Samuel, died on Wednesday (3rd inst.), at Cottesloe. Some six or seven weeks ago Mr. Bizant returned froui Mt. Sir Samuel to his home at Cottesloe in ill-health, and his friends will regret to hear that his illness has bad-a fatal termination. He came originally from New South Wales, and was well known and highly esteemed on the Murchinson. 