LABOR TROUBLES AT 10RSEMAN. THE MEN SPEAK OUT. THE LARGEST MEETING EVER HELD ABOVE 300 PRESENT. The a 'vent of a new manager for the St Agnes Mine has been somewhat marred by its association with a labor dispute. The men have been working 44 hours per week, which is the time ?current an the West Australian fields. The new manager, Mr Neal, demands 48 hours pel* week as a week's time, and the notice at the mine gave no length of time for the men's consider ati n Posted on Saturday, it was in tended to come into effect on Mon -diy.. Til Public Mating lili at BeasteadVfine Hall was well filled at 8 o'cl ck, and when the first- speaker ad dressjd .k * uuiii, fully three hundred Avt-re present. i bis number was aug mented later cm. Jlr Harry Evans, one of the men affected. was greeted on taking his ?Staad on the platform. He said the m on the St A,mes, had suddenly ? been gi ven notice by a poster at the ?cJQpa that for the future 48 hours would »3 the kouvs of labor on the miae, and they were asked td break the ruin vxiriiiuar on erery mine on the £aki Holds, and make a precedent their f.'iio .v workers would have to follow. To do so would be a great injustice to his fallow workers, and therefore the moR had refused to work, and having done so, wished the public of Norse man and fellow workmen, to advise thru how best to act for the future. 21 .1 had much pleasure in proposing that Mr S. Fre&rson; take the chair As the meeting endorsed the proposal, Mr Fivarson did so, and was cheered ?on t ilciiig his Scat The eluirman expressed regret, that t) 10 occasion had arrived when it hud become. necessary for a public ?meeting at Norseman to discuss mat ? ters affecting a labor dispute ; every one would not fail to regret that at a time when the clouds were darkest, and uncertainty as to the Suture pro posals of the field prevailed, the newly arrived manager of the mine they al! looked as most likely to help to lift the ? louds, the mine whose rich developmnafes had given them all con fidence — should have thought it neces sary to attempt to force an alt ration in the hours of the workers— naturally ' a very proper and important point with ? them. (Applause.) The men had wisely decided to lay their case before j the public, and they were there for the purpose that evening He depreciated | high-handed action, and pointed out the responsible position held by the manager, who had to consider the best interests of the shareholders, amongst whom were men like themselves, de pendent li pontile labor of their hands for a living an urged them to give every man a fair hearing, no barracking, but a straight out fair hearing, and thus , maintain die good name, ; for Norse ; man had always maintained for fair play. He had no programme, but would leave it to those interested to state their case. ' (?Cheers) Mr Salvado was loudly cheered on rising to speak. They were asked prac- | tically to work from 12 o. clock on j Sun ay night till 11 o'clock rn ] Saturday night, three shifts a day. 1 They were willing to work 44 hours per week, but objected to the 48 hours now demanded. They had used their best endeavours and argument in re sisting the new rule, but had been told the manager would not budge an inch, and they had therefore decided not to budge even half an inch. He had been an employer of labor and expec ted he would be again. He had worked on the mine and knew what w -rk meant, and therefore was not pre pared to ask men to work on conditions he would not himself work under. (Good boy, and cheers). Mr Neale ha' asserted the miners work ing hours elsewhere were 48, but he knew this to be wrong, because in Vic toria the hours were 44, and also over the W. A. goldfields. 44 hours was the standard. Mr. J. R. Stewart was called upon to speak*, he said that although his feel ings were with the men he preferred to listen to their case, as well as the views of the President and officers of j the Miners' Association, before speak ing further. Mr. J. Alexander said the simple I facts of the case had been well put be | fore them. He wras one of the men j working in the St. Agnes and all they ; wanted to know was : — Did the meet ing think the men were right in leav : ing the mine under the circumstances. I (Yes, and Chews). And would the ; business people support them. (We ! will of courts ! Tlu:y will, and cheers). : He pointed out that, if the change was ' permitted in the St. Agnes, it would | speedily be adopted in- other mines, i and they would never again be changed j for the better. He did not intend to ; go back to work under the 44 hours i system. nor did a single man of their : number. (Yes, yes !) Yes, he ought i to say with one single exception. — | Voices — They had decided ? n--t to return to the Mine whilst the j present manager had charge, but they were quite willing that others should — but only on the recognised time. | - Loud cheers.) | Mr. Abe Krakouer was received with i applause, and said that his sympathies ; were heartily with the men, amongst ' whom he got his living. . He was a ; West Australian born and never had ; anything to do with strikes. He got | his living from the working man ; (More pay, more beer — Loud laughter). | He would stick to the men. The man : ager had made an attempt to do some ; thing they were opposed to. (He's a ! new chum). He suggested a commit ? tee of four of their number wait upon ! the manager with a view of settling ' the dispute by arbitration. (W e ve tried that, but he won't listen). Well, let them try again. He, or any of the Krakouer's would be willing to join the deputation and he thought the dis- , pute could be quietly settled without much trouble Applause. ( Mr. Tom Wilson was loudly cheered : on rising to speak. He was a worker from the g Id mines. Mr. Kra- ' kouer had spoken of Arbitration ; that 1 Tvould never do, because they had right ! on their side. When a man went to i Rome he had to do as Rome did. There - ?was no comparison between Broken 1 Hill and Norseman. The position was - unique and the question of living very ] different. If arbitration was adopted 1 and it was decided that the men should i : go back, under the 48 hours system, 1 any man doing so would be a coward ] ; to take the place. (Hear, hear). He - i then referred to wealthy directors and ! managers, who whilst enjoying life i themselves always oppressed the ^ ? workers and — squeezing his fingers in a j ' peculiar way — squ e-e-i-n-g the blood out ef them. (Hear, hear). He aisc referred to some one lifting a cable chain, half-a-mile long, which evi dently 'took on,' as a hearty laugh was indulged in. They had been asked to break the law by working contrary to the regulations, and if they refused they were threatened with a reduction of wages all over the field, and nc doubt if they gave way this would be the result. They wanted to persuade the manager, and this persuasion ou^ht to be as strong as a Manilla rope with a few men at the end of it. There was plenty of men out of work, and il they did not take a stand, with exemp tion and other things, there would be plenty more. Mr. J. R. Stewart came from a placf Where strides were rife, and 40 knew what effects would result from agita tion. They expected to get the sup port of the business people, whose principal support was that of the workers. Let the storekeepers realize Avhichside their bread was buttered and act accordingly. Forty-four hours per week was the recognised working hours of miners all over the fields and Aus tralia. The new proposal took away their Saturday afternoon, and they should, he thought, never agree to that. If they had to fight, let them fight fai', (Cheers). If they went in for arbi tration, (No no, and dissent) let them take care to select men, who would not go back on them, men not to be talked over by the other side. They agreed this movement was the thin end of the wedge. Let them act so that it might b ? driv n hom- to split up in all direc tions. He agreed with the chairman in his remarks in regretting that a manager, only a few days on the field, with a mine which had so lately brigh tened the prospects of the field by its rich developments, should be the means of causing so much discord and dissatisfaction. He had been used to ' yacka,' - laughter,) but now began to dodge it, when he got a chance. (Con tinued laughter.) Mr Samson said he had taken steps to enquire fully into the matter, they that evening had met to consider. He had been assured that 44 hours was the current time all over the fields, whilst others asserted 46 and 48 hours, were the actual time. He had wired to the several centres, Ooolgardie, Kalgoorlie, Bendigo and Ballarat on the subject. So far he had only received a reply from Coolgardie. For-y-four hours was the recognised time there. He strongly condemned the strong lan guage used by Mr Wilson, and he did n t care if he severed their sympathy by saying he was opposed to violence, and languge, such as had been used by Mr Wilson, They could, in his opinion best gain their ends by arbitration. rNo no, none of that ; rot, etc.,) and he thought he was right. Mr Neale had sailed upon him in reference to this matter, and both himself and Mr Gadd had tried very hard to persuade Mr Neale to submit the matter to arbitra tion. At the first mention of the word, Mr Neale had stood back, and acted is though he had said ' none jf that for me.' Well, they had :ried and although Mr. Neal had not lecided to agree to arbitration he felt he was more in favor of the idea when le left than when the subject was first nentioned. All they wanted was to je fair and equitable, but no rope busi ness. If the replies from the other colonies should say that 44 and not 48 jours was the usual thing, the man igers who were in favor of the 43 hours would not have a leg to stand upon. Chey did not want strikes. He had [ saen and been in the midst of kr e \- strikes in the old country. The strike ? in Australia bore no comparison to those ? in the old country. For one man her , l there were 50,000 in the old count - y l affected by the strike. (Oh ! Draw it \- mild You know nothing about it). L Well, perhaps the comparison was no;, i. quite so great. In his interests an I \- thfir interests, he would strongly ad i vise them to select four or five of their ! number to wait upon the manager, ; when he felt sure they would be able l to arrange matters. ? Mr Tom Wilson rose to explain that | he did not mean the manilla rope should , be used, but that their persuasion should be as strong as a manilla rope, (Loud laughter). Any strong remark i he made would be considered a mistake, \- because coming from a toiler ; but chai ? lenging God Almighty, and defying . e'/ery attempt to reason, as their mana ger had done, was not a sin because it i came from a mine manager. 'Hear hear j ! He asked them, when «ver did labor win, when there was a ghost of a show for the other side. Their only remedy , was, let no man go to work on the mitw unless the rights of labor were con sidered. They would then soon se^ the mine jumped. He was proud oi: being a black man, if that thing over . there (pointing away east), was a white | one. They could win if they kept fco | gether and backed one another up . Some of the men, who had left work : lul walked from Albany, and had suf fered great hardships when prosper ing the very min? they were now asked — by a ns w manager sviio had (tome to :,,i ^ fie d After the mrdships of pioneer lir\» ' hid bean abolished, seomingly with no ; other object— to give up oa-i of the be3t j and most appreciated rules of the mines, i Thsywoui. : not have arbitration, letthem be united, and the rest would follow. Mr. R Morlan created soma amuse i rnent by first addressing the Chairman, | then one of the reporters whom he ! familiarly called, ' Samson, old bay,' | and whom he alleged wis known to J bim on the Rhand, and then talking to : the assembly with an occasional re ! mark directed to the Chair mm and | various occupants on the platform. ? He said Mr. Neal sent for him on ! Saturday and asked him to come to i work on Monday, but when he atten | ded on that day ha was told his ser | vices were not required He then re ? f erred to the blacksmith's increase of ' wages, cutting wages to please the di . rectors and ad vised them to stick out ? and leave arbitration alone. It was- a ' case of simple proportion, 4-i hours a day (loud taught :.r!, well he was'nt an orator. (Hear, hear). The speaker again mixed things and the meeting becoming impatient, the Chairman ? asked him to sit down. This he did, while j rk n / out remark.-? about 48 aud 50 hours, increased pay, and no arbitration. Mr Salvado moved: — 'That this meeting pledges itself to support the '?orkjrs during this unj u:*t interference by the present manager of the St Agnes ?mine.' He *as sorry the last speaker had spoken, and endorsed all that the previous speakers had said The state ment that the manager had said, he would not give way, was perfectly true. They ought to send telegrams aWay to prevent man coming to the field* until tli-e present dtspu te was seit ied. Them must be no violence and no boycotting. In Victoria they had 13 night and II day shifts in a Week, but there was no necessity why such a state of things . should exist here. Mr Nea.l wanted his men to Work from 12 o'clock on. Sunday night and to work until H , o'clock on Saturday ui lit. M.r Potter of the United Scotchman had used strong words in favor of 48 hours He wotild like to hare seen move business people present. ilr. J. F. Ball&ntyne; said it was simply a matter of giving way or stick ing out, for their rights. The Mining Regulations provided thai four hours '?ftros'I: $11 Saturday v;6tiid be considered & day's Work, It looked as though the new manager had come amongst them duply to cut wages, and he hoped they would show their determination to stick to a system which everywhere wae admitted to be satisfactory alike to the worker and the manager. cklr. Archie McFie Was heartily wel comed. He had been in a few strikes, iviid he strongly ad vised them not to provoke one in Norseman. The toilers 'were ill prepared for a strike, and were 8 are to come out Wrong;if£hey attemp ted it. He felt sure they Would suc ceed in their endeavour, but they must refrain from violence. Mr. McFie then referred to the Broken Hill strike, In which he Was involved. The men Wore beaten bv their felt -w workmen, *vrko held out as long as their pockets Were not affected, Free labor and the police swamped every effort. He did not Want that experience over here. Moral suasion by pickets on the St. Agnes Would answer the purpose, an I if the business people backed then' up they would certainly get the best of the dispute. Mr. McFie refer red to several incidents of the Broken Hill strike, to Die'; Sleath and the police and the course of his remarks Was against a stri e under any circum etetaces. ?Mr Bit! knty said it Was useless making comparison between Broken Hill and Norseman, The struggle at broken Hill was simply a combined effort on the parr of a big company, backed by all the other companies and the capitalists of Australia, to crush o«t Unionism. Here, it was simply one in an, the manager of one company de fying the miners. He did not believe iany other manager on the field would support the movement for an increase an the liotars of labor- He would sup |ro-rt the resolution. Mr. M'Mahon also supported the re^ eoiot.ion. It Was tyrannical for a new scan to attempt to introduce such a sweeping alteration in the hours of labor. He agreed that it Was absurd to make comparision between Broken j Hill, and this bit of tyranny was j against the laws of the country. They j had home rule, at Perth, and they j should insist upon having home rule j hefre in such matters as Wording hours The men now out Would require to be supported, and it Was here Where the storekeepers and business men could show their practical sympathy. He Was 'in favor of arbitration when the dispute was between the employee and the employer, but this Was sim -ly a case of a man defying the whole fiel-'. Arbi tration might mean a compromise and 46 hour# »oul) be the wording time. They ha'1 a goo 1 cause an-i must win it unite H« thought the action of the men Was quite justified an i WouM sup port them. Mr J. R. Sis 'art str i:i 'fly u' ▼ 1 1 the a*' visabily of taking up a collection to de fray inci ental ' expense®, They must -$-r» all in their po-er to obtain their ob ject. If the the manager vras success ful, the movement would spread north an.i the results would be far reaching. Mr Harry West, president of the Norseman Branch of ihe Amalgamate 1 'Workers Association of W.A, regret ted the men from the St Agnes had ignore 1 the Association * hich ha-l been form'l for tiv b it fit of thu «orlt rs. : Th Association p as quit » r ? i ar;'d to su - - port tlv mm, but no v & J intimation ha-l been sent to that body, and they could not therefore -o as much as Would have been done ha'1 the matter been ta^'en np in rro erform. The Asso ciation Was heart -an soal W ith them, an4 he 1 !-, ed they Wool 5 all become , member*?. Let them all join, an-i thus ' ?when a ''is lite arose, be able to present a soli ; opposition to aayfchiog they de- j ci e * was uij&iir;, He m oirsed the re jjiarVs' of freviout? e,. eaters an-i bu,. §jort&l; .resolution, which Wag then put. The Chairman as'-el those who were present to vote to a man. The I result was the resolution being carried | unanimously ami st cheers. A further resolution Was also unani mously a io^te^i — 'That a committee be appointe d to wait u on the Mine Man agers an--! astf them to uphold the 44 hour principal ' * [Th - f Hotting were appunt'd. — Messrs. Salvalo, Stewart, Ballan tyne, Evans, T. Wilson McMahon, Winton an \ the Secretary Mr. Eee A hearty vote of thanks «as a War Jed the Chair man. A collection was then taken u.», when £5 16s. was collecte-1. 