PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS' GRIEV ANCES. TO THE EDITOR, Sir, — In reference to public school teachers grievances, your correspondent. "Justice" has opened, as I hope, the discussion and ventilation of a very important subject, not only to those immediately concerned, but to the public gene- rally. There are no public servants whose duties are of more. vital importance to the country than the public school teachers. Perhaps a majority will think that it is the isost important of all de partments of the public service. The scholastic, intellectual, and moral stand ards are — and justly so, too— higher than that fixed by any other department of the State. Before the days of the Civil Service Board poli tical influence had little or no effect with the Department of Public Instruction. No protege or nominee of an influential iudivldua), without the greatest difficulty, even although possessing tho necessary qualifications,, could succeed in getting into the department. At the introduction of the present Act, men and women from home, with good credentials, who had been trained in the education depart, inents of Britain to build up tho system, readily found employment. The department, however, at once set about the training of its own teachers, setting up for every grade very high standards, so that dodo but the qualified should pass or be appointed, which in itself was a sufficient bar to outside in fluence. The liberality of the department was never very conspicuous; 'tis said by some it is almost im unknown quantity. Therefore, it could not be charged with extravagance or lax expenditure. If any department was capable of, and should be under, self-control, it was the Department of Public Instruction. Then why, being a depart ment so much outside of political influence; u department which trains its own teachers or officers; a department against which there could bo no charge of extravagance or mismanagement of any kind; under the control of the Civil Ser vice Board? What could be the object? The head of the Police Department urged as a reason why his department should be exempt that any outsido interference would affect Us efficiency. Very good; but. is or has the Police Department been free from political influence? 1 don't insinuate that it is not a well-organised institution, and highly creditable as a depart ment of the State, but merely Instance the fact of it being under self-control, not having such a claim to that distinction as the Department of Public Instruction. It would appear that many changes wrought by the Civil Service Board in connection with public instruction are arbitrary, unjust, and anomalous. To an ordinary individual it seems absurd' that any three men in a limited time should so grasp the most minute detail of the working of any department, and detect extravagance, abuses, or excesses, and to weigh well the work, and mete out the exact remuneration under all the circum stances and conditions of each individual case. Can it be that the Civil Service Board has been influenced in its decisions by some official in each department, who at haphazard suggested some thing in the way of retrenchment In the way of change? As act they must. All departments must be taken in hand and changes made. Some thing must be done, right or wrong, no matter who suffers. The Civil Service Board must show Itself indifferent to individual wrong, injustice, or suffering. Or have the omniscient eyes of tho triumvirate penetrated everywhere, conveying to its omnipotence the information upon which it subsequently acted? I would have thought that the Education Department, whose servants are of the highest standard, should have been approach ed with great diffidence, and every change affect ing it considered with the. greatest caution, and no decision arrived at until every aspect of the case had the most earnest investigation. Certain ly the taxpayer— tho master — has the primary right; but his servants have also their rights, which should be as z?alously guarded. The Public Instruction Department before the advent of the Civil Service Board had its anoma lies, and still has them. One of tbe most con spicuous, which the Civil Service Board did not remove (they have not as yet distinguished them selves in that direction), is that alluded to in tho last paragraph of "Justice's" letter. It is a well- known fact, and to none better than the depart ment, that the female teachers are more suc cessful than mates — wo will say, just to pleaso tho sterner sex — up to a certain point, and that their conduct throughout is more exemplary. They are more zealous, more industrious, more regu lar. and more attentive to tho rules and duties of the service than the male teachers, uud yet how differently remunerated, in all stages, where tho conditions and duties are the same. The only defence for such injustice is that girls do not re main in tho service, but get married, and sever the connection, while men follow it as a profes sion. As a rule men are no more wedded to the profession than women. Tho department nmy have ample evidence — nay, I am sure has — that more men than women remain iu the service. But why — are the conditions or inducements equal? Most emphatically, no! Tho injustice (as it must be called) is more particularly felt at the outset, wbeu tbe struggle is greatest, when the weaker sex need our help. >Vheu they want it most, they get it least. A girl pupil teacher when sho first enters the service receives as remuneration £25 per year. Jt must be remembered that she is not incom petent—that she has passed a pretty stiff exami nation, and enters upon important teaching work at once. The drudgery of teaching falls to tho pupil teacher. There is no analogy between tho position of pupil teacher and that of a beginner in any other trade or profession. A pupil teaiher lcncw9 bis or her work at once, and straightaway goes about it. Of course for the higher grade they study and work the while. They do their work effectually. It has not to be done over again, like that of a blundering apprentice. Thera is no material destroyed, no waste. If a girl con tinues in tbe sendee five years, passing every ex amination, she in her fifth year gets very littlo more than a boy gets in his first. Can this, I a?b, bo by auy kind of sophistry made to appear fair or just? A poor girl, with marked ability, anx ious to enter the teaching profession, has not tho ghost of a chance; she is simply barred. A boy may struggle along, but a girl certainly cannot. It may be urged in vindication of such a course that the supply is greater than the demand, and that the department experiences no difficulty in that direction. That does not remove the in justice. No favors are asked — no helping ham- to the weaker sex, our girls. Only fair play, and that which is right and lust.— Yours, etc.. DU .VALiA. 