Society Gossip. (From a Society Lady.) Sydney, October 21. Our gallant defenders are all housp again, with the exception of one or two, who couldn't njanage to tear themselves away from the bosom of their mother- laud. The Mounted Rifles arrived la-^t jFiiday, looking jolly and fat: after their eight jp.quth^-' trip. They bad a hearty reception— we^e met by their sifter? and their cousins And their aaocB-^especially thejir poqsingj— marched through the streets tp the accompauimant of much band playing and in* the evening were trotted off in a body to the Lyoeutn Theatre, where a /capital military drama, ?? 4,t. Puty'q Calif' jq bejag pi«^e(|. Apropos of oif r bold soldier boys, it has peaked out that every oue of the Lancers ' left his plunge behiud bin}.' Anent which there is much questioning, and not a little indiguation on the part of their best girls in N.S. W- fur it appeals tl^e 'sly dogs' have . !' beat girls' in England as well, to whom they presented their burn ynid decorations as ? a parting gift. Sqme qf them aip married, too— attd some of tbem ought to be. 4-1 as j !' men are deceivers ever, one foot on land, PQ6 foQt on Bea.' There— yon know the rest. It wopld ju8t serve theip right if; during their absence, sotqe of their wives have M skipped by the light of the moon.' . Such faithless swains don't deserve faithful qaate?. Thisreqincja m®. The wife of a wejl-knqwn sea captaiu went out for * walk with ^ male frieqd some weeks ago, and up to tho present has forgotten to return. Her husband says he ' took her for a ? mate,' ' but she turned out a 'skipper.' It. won't be Jong before she gets her V discharge.' The uses of thp stwp-shqt q?:e manifold. It tells tales— dreadful, (Jiaastrqua tales, aii'j, as the ' apparatus can't lie,' they arg * beyond all question to be relied upoq. A Sydney pommercial, and one who has tq take rather prolonged trips qp the country, yras 6hpwn one the otljer c|ay? in^bich hi) wife, and bis particular chumj figured at a. flower show, the said flower show* being held a good many miles from the home in which the giddy little thing was supposed, at that ptecise moment, t0. be fining fqr her ^dear hubby V' letqrn. Further enquiries elicited thp fact that the lady apfi gentleman in the photograph had put. up at the loc^l hotel for some days | as ' Mr; and Mrs. Jones.' Shp wil! like wise get »her V discharge,' Moral: When you go. on an extended picnic— for two — rdon't go to 'shows' of any sort, and be very pareful to keep out of the range of the snap-shot fiend. Mr. Roid's fin^pcial statement has givet^ entire satisfaction to (lis own party, and en tire dissatisfaction to. the party opposed to him. Qn the night p,f the Budget speech the galleries were crowded, many of tlie fair sex being present. Why, goodness only knows, for what we expected to get out of all that puzzling, confusing, headache'- array of figures, no one oau tell, ' ^t looks clever to show an interest in politics, though I rather suspect th^t the mainspring with most of us was interest iu— oue or moip of— the politicians. ? Mr. Reid triumphantly informed q« that there was a earplug of £59„0QQ. VVhicl^ statement me^de ug all feel t sqiQ^how, indi vidually richer, and WP Oiadp up oqr niinda to have tfyab long-wished-for silk blouse, ihoao dninty glove^anfi h.ose, upd that awfully becoming hat, the very nejft day. We fe.lt that George really po.ql{| a#urd it, i*fter that. ? Alas for- our pasting in tfye air | No sooner . had tvl **. Reid fiaiubed than Mr. Ljne arose aud tumbled theni aln^t our ears. Instead of a surplus of ever g-j many thqasands thorp was really a deficit of nearly % million 1 We feel as poor an chqiph mice. Nfa pr^ty f fill fiolls uow. We werpu't eveq §nre. fch^t Qeorge bad paid his inpoiqe tax yet. Wei}, well ! ' For ways that wey.« datk, -^nd for.tvicksi that were vain,'-' the Premier was cercniflly 4t pecttliar.' When on .our way home wp cop tided oqr dqubts andtrqubles to, George, He nearly latched his ; bead off. To think of par taking seriously the Htate sucuata- of the Qppositiofl. It wa^ tqafquny. However, it tjjdq't tal?e ua tang to dis cover that the (^qetrioally opposed state l^eata fairly puzzled t^n4 b£wil4ere4 many older and wiser heads than ours. Masculine heads, too. s One of our metpbers had been married eleven yeai?, an4 up tq tfr^t time bis faith ful epquae hqid pot presented him with even the ghost qf $ pledge of a^Tection. Suddeuly there yrap a glqw in tbp horizon. Signs were iqot wanting that there was likely tq be a little member, at no yery distant date. The Ititqe came, aud with it the man— no, I mean the nurae, but our proud and happy father was so elated at the achievement that he re fused to let her touch the baby, lie would pupse it himself. He is doing too, and I hear with iquch sijccess, though I don't think he has yet taken it to the ££ouHe. He yrill piqbably do t^at when he ' ahortep?'' |t. Tt}ere is a well-kpowp pregatnan in Sydney who, some years at»o, used to take bif baby everywhere he could ip a praqqt.' P ? : and his boy weie as well known in the city as the Post Qfiice clock. Wonderfpl tales were told of that boy, aged six months. - At that early age he gave evideuce of inarveljpus. literary instinct by almq^t entirely devour-1 ing a Daily Telegrapii which bis father iiad given him to play with, while h.e dia cu8se4 the political situation vyitji a friend. Mr. Bartqn is getting 27 guineas a day $s arbitrator in the M^Shany oase, and it has 90 far laste4 a year ^nd a balf. J^ot so bad! |t isn't pnqu;h that we should have all those earls and dqkes irom the House pf Cqqaajons to show pa hovy to play cricket, nor th^t Prince Banji shpuld copje and teach pur bqys a thing or two. A day or two ago there arrived in Sydney ope ^atu Jvndovu Levu, highest chief of Fiji, after his father, and grandson of the tar-famed Ipog Tbo kap^bai). Krtdovu is an aideut criuketnr. He LaS come to see the gtoddait tpain, and is qn the look out for an pppprtunity to show his powers. He is a fine looking young ujan, and not yet 3Q years pf age. The following advertisement appeared ip a morning paper this week : Will some kind family take pity qn a poor fellow who can't get used tq Syduey hoarding houaea, by opening their doors aud giving him comfortable bed aud board, and some hotne life;, refereuoes exchanged if desired. Apply, stat*. ing, terms, etc., to Harry, c/n pt&ily; Telegraph. Rough qn the Sydney landlord, i^n't it.. 