CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR NOTES." [Spgoially Contributed.]. {All Endeavour news to bo addressed "Superintendent of the Press Department," care of the General Secretary. News must be forwarded early.] Motto tor tlie year—l'ealm ix. 4. This Is life—to pour out lore unstinted, Uood and evil sunlike blessetb He. Through your Unite is His infinite limited? Children of yo it Father must ye be. ' - ' • LUCV liASCOM. "Fear not, for beliold I .bring you good tidings of groat joy, which shall be to all people." We thank God that the joy of Christ is a continuous joy, and in the hpliqwed memoryof the Saviour's birth wo trust that I this Christmas may be a season of "great joy" to each Endoavouror. The wise men of the East preseuted unto Him gifts, go!3 and frankin -cense and myrrhs and so at tnis season wo may present much. unto- Him through othere re membering that wbilo our efforts, our actions, our gifts arc the outcome of the lovo " which is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost," yet~-by bestowing those upon the poor, the Weak, the suffering, the homeless, the friendless, the weary, thosick wo are doing what { Ho would like to have us do; and in tho great treasure-house of God's kingdom beyond tho crave we are laying up for ourselves riches for heaven. The "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of theso my brethren ye have done it unto Me" will be the blessed benedic tion bestowed upon each loving, sympathetic giver for'Christy Be.ye doers! That is the obord of tho divine toiler's life-song. "Go" and- "do" are two of tho smallest and yet the most heavily weighted of our English words. Fraught^ with eternal results and freighted with divino significance, we commend them to ; ovory Endoavouror, that each heart iu tho steps taken and tho things dono inav lind this Christmas not "the zenith" but the highest pinnacle yet reached in Christian love and duty. Lot us remember tho leper in the "lloly Grail"— Not what we give, but what we share. For (he giver without the gift is bare. Tho Port Adelaide rally last Friday was a success. Mr. Lovoday takes the place of MisB Norman as Secretary, and may ho have an abundant blessing. Tho Rev. E. B. Turner succeeds tho Rov. W. F. James as President. Mr. James's services have boon much appre ciated. Mr. Turner is zealous and earnest. Most of all ho is spiritual, and it is to bo hoped more evangelistic efforts will bo made through tho district. It is a sin that 110 hall is engaged ontho Sunday for bright music and soul-inspiring addresses, and that tho groat numbers here arc not visited with tracts and Bibles. Tho Semaphore ought to have an Endoavour service on the beach. Here is an opportunity for tho Semaphore Baptists. Port Endeavourors with your responsibilities and opportunities Throw out the lifeline, throw out the lifeline, Some one is drifting away; Throw out tho lifeline, throw out tho lifeline, Some one is sinking to-dsy. Archer-street, North Adelaide, and Church of Christ, Norwood, were visited by the President and General Secretary last week. Both meetings were well attonded, and earnest consideration was given to tho stirring remarks. Pastor ltankino is alivo to God's work. With bis band of Enduavourero all fired there is yet more a blessed outlook for tho district ih which ho works. Houghton had a good meeting on Saturday night. The Christian Endeavour missionary de partment has boon greatly blessed this year. Regular missionary meetings have been held in almost ovory Society, and Miss Tilly, of liardwickc College, has been visiting tho Societies in turn. At the Archer-street Wosloyan Junior a meeting was held attended by seventy-four boys and girls. A bran pio from a_ missionary, filled with tiny models, gave immense pleasure to the juvonile audionco. Other junior mission work is flourishing. A great many boxes of Christmas gifts have boon sent to various stations, and we are suro all our members will pray that our friends 011 distant lields may have "A happy Oh ristinas." Tho Junior Superintendents of tho Southern Suburban District Union 1110b at the residence of tho District Superintendent, Mrs. A. H. Gaulb, Lower Mitohum, on Saturday, Decem ber 11. A very pleasant and profitable after noon wa» spent, talking over tho junior work of tho district. The Good-citizenship Com rnittoo, of tho sauio Union, hold their first meeting on Monday, December 18, in tho Unloy Wosloyan Church. Ten members were present. Mr. J. E. Robinson was elected Chairman, and tho District Secretary, Mr. M. F. Culliford, Secretary. A programme of visitation was drawn out, and it is hoped that every Society in tho Union will bo visited during tho first quarter of 181)8. Tho subject to lie taken up for this quarter is "The good citizen: bis privileges and responsibilities." The Union work throughout is very oncourag ing. Tho North Adelnido Baptist Juniors, fifty in number, hold a demonstration 011 December 7\. They oarriod out a progiamnio of 110 less than thirty-six items. The pastor, Rev. E. H. Ellis, presidod, and presented several prizes and badges to tho juniors for good con duct and for missionary work. The children bad boon earofully trained by Miss Romp and Mr. S. Boworing, who should bo much en couraged by tho success of tho gathering. Tho Executive Committee of the Chris tian Endeavour Union met 011 Monday, Mr. (Sinclair presiding. Tho anti-gam bling pledge as recommended by the conference of representatives of the Christian KndoavourSunday-school Union and W.C.T.U. was unanimously adopted. The two other Unions aro now awaiting tho decision of tho Sunday-school Union. Let 110 time he lost, as tho pledge is in demand. Tho Christian Endoavour executive appointed the Revs. S. Ecu ton and W. G. Marsh, Mr. F. Johns and Mr. E. H. Be.'uioy, convenor, as a committee to prepare, the petition which it is proposed to circulate for signature for the repeal of the Totalizator Act. Wo aro pleased' to notice that tho Y. M.C.A. Board of Management has appointed 11 committee to co-operate with representatives of our exoeutivo in this matter. M.r. A. W. Jones wrote tendering his resigna tion as Superintendent of Good Citizenship owing to tho state of his health. Of course tho committee did not accept tho resignation. _ The executive expressed pleasure at his being on tho road to re covery, and appointed Mr. Arthur R. Uren as Assistant Superintendent to net with Mr. Jones. Air. Uron's qualifications for the posi tion are such -that good- citizenship work ought to advanoo greatly"flirougli his more activo connection with it. A strong protest was entered against tho action of the Adolaido brewers in offering boor to charitable and Statu institutions, such as the gaols ami asylums. Tho Secretary was instructed to write to tho Premier 011 tho subjoet. The quarterly rally of tho Adelaide Dis trict Union, hold in tlio City AiiHsion Jfnll on Wodnosday, was a livoly and thoroughly satis factory mooting. Tho Rov. II. J. Pnpo pre sided, and addresses were delivered by tho Rov. G. E. Wheatloy, tho President, and tho General Secretary. Air. E. Sanders, the enthusiastic Secretary, and his coadjutors aro 110 doubt highly gratified at tho results of tho gathering. Ono outcome was tho decision of a largo number of Endeavourors to ontor upon the Endoavour Crusade work, and they joined thoir fcllow-Eiidoavourcrs from tho oastorn suburbs at Victoria Park on Sunday mornings and afternoons. Other Enduavourcrs wake upl 