LITF^AHY AIS'D ART GOSSIP. Mrs. Humphry Ward is .at work on a new [ took, and 'as the action of the story passes in t Lancashire, she has hired an old mansion in that county, with grounds, a moat, and the traditional ghost, in order to secure the cor rect local color. Mr. Lang tells in Lorujman's the strange story of amisprint. He wrote :-"The want of., historical perspective which makes the moment hide the great abysm of time." The printer's reader queried "abysm," and Mr. Lang put " Shakspeare " in the margin as his authority for the phrase. Then the pass age appeared in print thus: "makes the moment hide the great Shakspeare of time," to the confusion of Mr. Lang and the baffling of the commentators. In connection with the cheap reissue, in eight monthly volumes, of J. H. Burton's standard " History of Scotland," by Messrs. William Blackwood and Sons, an amusing in stance of the author's dogged perseverance is given by Mi-. James Payn- in his " Literary Recollections." Bui-tori liad some peculiar theory about Scotch cheeses-what, never ap peared to be quite clear-which he was ex tremely anxious to get ventilated in the Scots man, to which he was a frequent contributor.. Russel, the editor of that journal, who related the incident to Mr Payn, said that for fifteen years continuously he had had to watch "that man Hill Burton" lest he should get his theory smuggled into the columns of the Scotsman. "At last, at the end of fifteen years,' said Russel, "Burton came rushing to the Scotsman oflice, shouting in glee, "It's in, it's in !' " "Not in the Scotsman surely, you persevering deevil ?" said the editor. "No," replied Burton, "it's in ' Chambers' Information for the People.' " And Russel chuckled at the idea of Mr. Payn's friends, "the Chawmerses," being saddled with the famous cheese theory. Reference; has frequently been made to the extraordinary sale of the late Professor Henry Drummond's books. Here some de tailed information may be given. The "Natural Law" and "Tropical Africa" are 3s Gd volumes ; the others, with the excep tion of the " Ascent of Man," are published at Is. "The Ascent of Man," 22,000; "Baxter's Second Innings" (boys book), 30,000; "Tropical Africa," . 34,000 ; "The City Without a Church," 60,000 ; "ThePro gramme of Christianity," 80,000; "The Changed Life," 89,000 ; "Natural Law in the Spiritual World," 119,000; "Pax Yobiscum," 130,000; "The Greatest Thing in the World," £330,000. This gives an average circulation of over 121,000 for each book. What modern writer, novelist, or other comes near that? asks the Westminnter Gazette. Ill an interesting article on the " Longest Reign," Mr. Justin McCarthy recalls an anecdote of Lord Brougham. At a dinner party a lady once asked who was the best speaker in the House of Lords. Brougham glared for a moment, and then replied, "Lord Stanley, madam, is the second best." But a similar story is also told of Bismarck. At one of his parliamentary soirees the Chancellor was asked by one of his guests which of the plenipotentiaries who had attended the Congress of Berlin he deemed to be the best. "I don't know about the bast," replied the Prince, with a humorous smile, " but I am quite certain Lord Beacons field at least was the next best." According to an article in the current Atlantic Monthly, Mark Twain, until he was twenty or thereabouts, seems to have wan dered through the eastern half of the United States as a tramp printer. Then suddenly changing his vocation, he became a pilot on the Mississippi River. - Five years later, the railroads and the Civil War having made piloting an impossible occupation, he enlisted as a three months' volunteer in the Con federate Army, and was captured, but suc ceeded in escaping from the tobacco ware house in St. Louis where he was held pri soner. He fled to the west, the' west of Bret Harte, swarming with adventurers, with whom the fashionable ornaments of the day were an " eight-inch revolver, an Arkansas toothpick, and jack boots." As miner, journalist, and lecturer he led a rough and impecunious life in Nevada and Cali fornia, until in 1807 he published his first book, "The Jumping Frog of Cahneras," and sailed by way of Panama to New York. A little later he found the opportunity to go to Europe and the Holy Land as a news paper coi respondent, and so obtained the material for his "Innocents Abroad." After many difficulties, arid with much mis giving, the book was finally published. The next morning Mark Twain, then thirty four years old, awoke,, like Byron, to find himself famous. Although (says the Gornhill Maga~.ine) no one was ever better able than Scott to please the public taste, he was a curiously bad judge of their taste in literature gene rally. He judged other men's likings, as we must all more or less do, by his own. What interested linn would interest them. He was fascinated b\r local ballads and the old antiquarian researches which threw light upon ancient manners and customs. The public was equally fascinated by the vivid imagery generated in his imagination when supplied with such materials ; and he seems to have inferred that it must share his taste for the raw material itself. Acting upon this principle and upon his ardent belief in the talents of his friends, he undertook to publish masses of unsaleable literature. A huge dead-weight of stock presently accumu lated in the warehouse of " John Ballantyne and Co." A ponderous " History of the Cul dees," written by a valued friend; a heavy volume of "Tixall poetry," which cost £2,000; an addition of Beaumont and Fletcher, under taken by a wondering German whom he most generously protected till the poor man's death; Miss Seward's "Poems," a burden which he had incurred from rather excessive civility to one of the early recognisers of his talent; and other failures encumbered the new firm. The new Rcykter itself caused a loss of over £1000 a year ; and, considering that the Ballantynes had insufficient capital and did not enjoy a good reputation for solv ency, it is no wonder that the venture .was in grievous difficulties after three or four years. 