A HASTY MARRIAGE. ,. ^ ? ... - CHAPTER XXIX. ' I '\VIIJ, TKLT, YOU WHY I RISKED JIY MFE FOR YOUKS — I LOVB YOU.' In an instant the greatest excitement pre vailed. Was the young man mad, to risk his life bo recklessly among the wild, daBhing breakers? thoy askod themselves, breath lessly. ? -????.? ' They strained thoir eyes and held ^their ? breath. It certainly lookod as though two fflf H-naa iv/Mil/I V-» Inof, inofnnri nf nnn. T^rftvnrn at went up from women's hearts ; men muttered Rjhoarsoly, 'God strengthen his arm!' and ff| through the momentB that followed thoy IT -watched witk batod breath, the intense silence * broken only by the loud, hoar/jo murmurs of kfetho breakers. IWs Frederick Thornton was young aad strong, | fefand an expert swimmer, but the odds wore J, SSf oarfully against him. Ho struck out bravely [swiftly to Bea. i ' Courage, courage !' ho shouted to her I'a^ain. ' I will save you or die with you !' ''?'?/. Doris heard him, and the words inspired Flier with new life. She hold out her white f arms to him with a wild, piteous cry, then a 'huge wave daehed over her completely con cealing her. Tho mad water, hisBing, boiling, and churn ing around him, noemed to laugh in wild gloo at his efforts to cheat them of their prey. Down, down he struck after her, swifter than arrow-flight, drenched, choked, blinded by wave and Bpray, and an instant later he turned and struck boldly for tho shore, hold ing tho form of Doris in his arms. But reaching tho shore was ? no easy task. Tho groat waves boat him back, and his herculeau ^efforts seemed to prove futilo, aa, sure as Mtttts, he realized thoy wero drifting out to sea, \Ho SaW the life-boat that was put out, but c°^V,it.vGach thorn ? Could his strength last ? . tnat\16ug,5- jj0 v^8 BtrOng and sinewy, yet H™*wa^^«b.t task to hold that hoavy bur v^^%l°ffc «». ?««»* boldly out V » ?'?sS'V-sou can do to save - nt think I am oo\ta-A n , . ., .„„ od out, with a eW^ghftrthatr think I -would save tn\,£$?Qnfc of pain, p.. ^ Mid lot you And she answered simply: ' \ 'Why not P It is all you can 40- lifeboat can. never roach us.' ' UQ ii tiii i . _ i *i -r i ' 'xii .never, leavo you wmio x nave w^a r Ton would bo swept down in a minute. 'Vf A- will live or die together I' ho cried, holding\ '.her fast and battling heroically with the mad .'.wares, , \ ' Go ! Leave mo to my fate 1'. she panted, wildly. ' Go — for my sake, Frederick — be- cause I — love — you I' ... ;And with those words sbo foil back in his . arms in- a dead faint. . .- Perhaps it was thoBO words that imbued /-'him with now Hfo and buoyed him up until tho lifeboat reached him. Fivo minutes later, 'midstlusty choors and »»1n/l m.ioa 'nf.wnrnnn. TTrnrlovink Thornton laid Doris down on tho whito sand among the motloy throng that had assembled there. From that hour handsome Fredorick Thorn ''*',. ton was tho horo and idol of tho bolloB of -, Newport, It was a wook boforo Doris was sufficiently .recovered to venture down to iho parlour to ' , thank him for saving hor life. It was ovening. The ohandoliors wore '? lighted, throwing n. soft, mollow light over ? '.tho marblo halls and vast parlours, and out ; iiipon the stretch beyond, lying so white in the clo'ar, bright starlight. Doris saw him out on tho vorandah, pacing '.' to and fro, flmoking a oigar. Silently sho '''''ot'oHHtid, the vorandah and stood before him, like a vision in hor clinging drosB of soft, fleecy whito. ' I am come to thank yon for what ypu ' havo done for mo, Mr. Thornton,' shft said, ?with an unconsoiouB flutter in her voice, ox tonding both hor hands, ' I thank you so / much words will not express my indobfcodnosB. / ' Why did you do it ? It might lmvo cost you vonr own'lifo. Oh, why did you do so much v for 'me, Mr. Thornton P' Ho took both hor trombling hands. . 'Wo will wnlk down on tho beach to 'gothbr, and I will tell yo* why,' ho answered. How smooth tho treaohorous smiling soa, ? looked under tho brilliant starlight. _ How oloar tho silver moon looked, coyly hiding bar Hwoot face behind tho soft, whito olouds, like a blushing*, bride behind hor whito veil. What a glamour tboro was ovor lund and soa as thoy ? walked silontly along undor tho mollow moon beams, listening to tho musical murmur of tho itW Suddonly Fredoriok Thornton stood still, ? ? looking down into tho lovoly face, hishand involuntarily closing and holding prisoner tho littlo trembling ono that lay on [[his ivvm. 'You. askod mo why I risked my life to Bivro youvB, I will aimwor you now. It was ?\ico:meo 1 lovo you with all the strength of ?m^ heart, -with a\\\ tho Htrougth of my soul. Without you, lito -would bo a blank ; with yon, it -would bo a parauino. I lovo you with ?J i.\\\o mightioHt lovo man oyoy folt for woman \- — r lovo that -would bravo all tho clangors of -i earth iind hcu to wiu you. you told mu put ;; on tho -wator thut you- — ,*?'. ' s ??, . i Thu Buntonco novw, was 'flniahod. Doris A tuvneu upou \um liko w flash, ' Your love !' she panted, ' Heaven help tho woman who believcR in it. It is as false and cruel as death itself. Hush ! Not another word. I will not hear it. Never speak to me again, I would put the whole world between us if I could. In daring to speak to me of love, you have cancelled the debt of gratitude I owed yon.' Before Fredorick Thornton could find his voice to reply, she had fled. He found him self standing alone, lost in a maze of bewilder ment, on tho beach. ' Am I mad, or do I dream?' ho cried, hoarisoly. ' My love — an insult ! What can she mean ?' T^limi anriflnrilw n »f T»nnrrn Itrrlif: DAnmnri 4*.n break in upon him. . He was Banker Thorn ton's Bon, and heir to a million at his father's death ; but in his own right at present ho had but a moderate allowance, while Miss Field ing was already an heiress in hor own right. ' Did she think I meant to woo and win her for the sake of ker wealth ?' Anger and wounded prido came to his rescue, blunting the sting of her stormy words. If there was one class of men he had always detested above others it was the fortune-hunters. And the thought that he should be classed as one of those despicable creatures cut to his heart like the sharp thrust of a dagger. Tho next morning the deplorable news was circulated amonor the vouner ladies that Mr. Thornton had left tho hotel the night boforo. ' Oh, how provoking !' they chorused in a breath. ' And the season at its height, too. How we shall miss him at tho hops ! He was a charming gallant, How provoking that tho attraction was not strong enough to keep him here to the end of the season. And more than ono glance was maliciously turned toward Doris. Doris turned quietly to tho pretty blonde who had made the rom*rk. ' Perhaps ho went because the attraction elsewhere was strongest — as it should bo in his caso. I beliovo Mr. Thornton to — be — married.' ' Married !' echoed the little group in amazement. 'Surely that cannot bo, Miss so, and who is tho lady ?' ' Some three years ago ho was betrothed to Miss Vivian Courtney. He loved hor, and, I have every reason to believe, married her,' returned Doris, in a low, faint voice. ' Indeed you are mistaken,' declared one of the group, briskly. ' Ho was engaged, to Miss Courtney, it is quite true, but for some unexplained reason the marriage was broken off. Ho wont abroad, and about that time her father died of a fit of apoplexy. A year later, after waiting in vain for her handsome lover to return and make up tho quarrel, protty, dark-eyed Vivian married a wealthy sea-captain for his gold. They had anything but a happy life of it, and at last ho died, and his young widow is spending tho money as fast as sho can. I road in ono of the., society journals sho was oxpected hero this season. No doubt sho has heard that her old lovor is hero, and is following him ud. And. loarnincr that, handsomo Frederick Thornton has taken Frenoh leave, taking to hitnsolf the friendly warning to ' beware of viddors.' A wise man knows hotter than to encourage them.' Doris liBtenod liko ono turned suddenly to stone. Tho long porch with its groups of promenades, tho white beach and tho long stretch of rostloss son, boyond, scorned to whirl around her. Ah, Heaven ! had sho heard aright or was this a cruol mockery of the sobsob ? Vivian and Frederick ? had parted — throe — years — ago? Ah, surely if could not havo boen. They loved each other too woll for that. And believing himself free to woo and win Vivian, what ha,d como be tweon them ? Could it be that his conscience had smitten 1 IJJ| IT nun iiu yiviuu i. nvu uw idviv *.uuiu uiuiiv rith the poor child- bride whom ho had mar iod only to desert, and did romorso overcome i\m with tho knowledge she had sought death ^?Vt him free ? . *y^,was it Heaven's rotribution upon him. an(j^°^ored, that ho should moet hor again, Mmo^B hef not — she was so changed in love withvn' fortune — fall dcsporatoly in That ho ^\h . ,, , doubt! Had Via ^° now, sho could not Was turn* ever ^opil8dAhif lij;o1for h9™ ? that?. And sho had &?. t08t °£ lo7° tha? cruel! ' ??SMnia-way — oh, cruol, And yot, the spirit '^ » ... _. . oallod out to hor for vonC1* °,th2I Dori8 suffor as sho had Bufferodrl?1 Ho K'U9J pang for pang, tho cruel tortlim^Bfc fcel quited love, nuch as uho littd''^. un.r.°' horror of that novor-to-bo-forgoU*^, whon kindly strangers, pitying nor*?^^ and hor friendloHsnoss, had broken tho hS ronding truth to hor — that ho had foraaku her. .'-??.?' CHAPTER XXX. 'NOTniNa, is ijBft fob. me to do hut ao QUIB'J'LY AWAY.' ' When I forgot tho past, thon I will for givo him — nover until, thon,'1 Doris thought, bitterly.. She tried to talcs up the old lifo again; triod to bo as happy as sho was boforo Froderiok Thornton crossed her path for the second timo. But it was a task boyond hor accomplishment. A v'oico was forovor oryiug out to hor : ' Yon hfivo won his lovo at last. Why did vnn hvenk bis heart and vonr own. too, by sending him away from you P' The thought that poor, hapless' Doris of tho past was avenged brought her no com fort, Should sho writo to him and recall him P Ho was still her husband j yos, hor husband 1 Hor heart gave a groat, sudden thrill at tho thonght. No, no, sho would not recall him. Her prido robollod against this. Ho Bhould not have gone aAvay so hastily. Tho following week, among tho _ new arrivals, oamo tho charming young widow, Vivian Oarfldalo. That ovoning, for tho first timo sinco that ornol ovont, which had hap Eoned throe long years boforo, Vivian and, ?oris mot again, face to faco. Vivian turned a ghastly whito, oven undor hor plentiful supply of poarl rougo. -. 'Who is that young girl P' bIio onocl, inoohorontly, turnimg to ono of tho ladios standing near, and indicating Doris. 'ThatP Why, Misa Fiolding— the bollo of Newport I' returned her companion, gazing admiringly aftor Doris's tall, slim, graoofut Jiguro. ' Why, how whito you look, Mrs. Ofu'sdalo I What can bo tho matter P You look as if you had booh a ghost.' 'I almost imtigino I baro,' rotortod Virian, turning abruptly away. ' Wan thoro ovor » faoo so liko ?' muttered Virrnn, whon she found horsolf aloao in hor ovrn boudoir, 'If I did not know that Doris was sleeping under the waves, I should Bay that tho girl is Doris, older and grown taller, with the same features, yet a thousand times moro beauti ful.' Sho took great care to placo herself near Doris tho next day, where sho could listen to her voice, observe every play of thoso mobile features ; and again it struck Vivian as to how liko this girl's voice was to that of Doris. In that same hour these two, whose paths had crossed each other so strangely, wero pre sented to each other. 'You remind me so strangely of one whom I used to know,' said Vivian, sweetly, ' that, do you know, I am almost lost in wonder sometimes, tho similarity is so striking.' She was watching Doris narrowly, and saw the flush and the look of confusion that crossed hor lovely face, Tho moro Vivian talked to Miss Fielding, tho more a certain wild idea that had taken possession of her became strengthened in her miud. Very ingeniously Vivian led tho conversa tion around to education. . ;J 'Where wero you educated, Miss Field ing P' she askod, suddenly, , And almost instantly, without stopping to think, Doris had uttered the fatal words that sprang to her lips : . . ' At Madame Dolmar's Seminary, Beech Grove, Maryland.' Vivian uttered a littlo stifling scream. All hor doubts now verged into assurance. With lightning-like rapidity she turned upon the shrinking girl before her. No change of ap pearance, nothing in this world, could have veiled Doris's identity from the rival who had hatred her with such a bitter hatred three long years ago. ' I know you. You cannot deceive me,' she cried, shrilly. ' You are Doris Brandon, I trusted you to deliver a letter to him. You are hot dead,' then. You havo risen from tho grave to come between us again. Now that I think of it, the body supposed to havo boon drowned was never found. Why are yon hero sailing under false colours ? Miss Field ing, indeed ! You shall be denounced as an impostor before to-morrow's sun rises !' Like a whirlwind she turned and left Doris standing stunned, dazed, bewildered, on the sunlit vorandah. Like ono suddenly stricken blind, sho slowly groped her way to her own room. : 'What did Vivian intend to do ?' she asked horsolf with a groat, gasping sob. Had it boen such a terrible sin, when— ' ' Mad from life's history, , . . ,, Glad to death's mystery,'' ' '. , in a frantic moment sho had flung herself into the water. . Sho knew how bitterly such Jan action would bo oondenmed — that tho verdict of the world would bo. No matter how hard she had found lifo, sho should have taken up hor cross with patience and resignation. This, then, was what Vivian meant, and moro — having boon savod from a watery grave, sho should havo let that fact become known. What if, believing her dead, Fredorick Thornton had married again P Ho would havo been innocent of any wrong intent before -jtho Great Whito Throno, and she — yes, . sh'ei — would have to answor for it before an offended God. Sho could see now that it had been all wrong, keeping the fact that she still lived from her husband. . . What a sensation there would be on tho morrow whon Vivian revealed all, All the world would know that sho was a forsaken bride; that tho man 'she had man'icd had dosertod her at tho ,vory altar almost, And thoj would say, too, that in after years,' when the child-brido (whom ho had married so hastily, reponting of tho raBh dood bve'n whilo tho solemn marriage sorvico was being uttered) was changed boyond recognition, she throw herself in his way undor an assumed name, won his love and tramplod it undor her feet, i This had been hor plan of vengeance, and a 'most ignoble vengeance it had boen. 'Yes, they would say all that of mo I' moaned Doris, ' and I could novor ondurp that.' ? Sooner or later tho story would reaoh , Frederick Thornton's oars, and, , oh, how ? shocked ho would be ! - ? . . . 'Bettor that1 ho should hoar this from mo than from tho lips of a strangor,' muttered' DoriB, oxcitedly. 'Yes, yos, I will write to him, confoasing all ; thon I will go away so far that ho can novor find me.!' Seating horBolf boforo her writing-desk, with trombling hand and face as whito as death, sho began hor latter to Froderiok. It was a long, olosolv-written letter, blotted with heavy, splashing toars. In it, sho wont back to that fatal night whon sho followed him and Vivian through Wio grounds of the villa, and had suddonly feuig out boforo thorn, throwing oft hor *fctoo, crying out that she, his mother's com ordeH '^tt? tlie bricle ho hnd woddod only to T»nJ?nr,4-1%^n t»° intense oxoitomont of tho Sng'to li^-ten^ f^mhimt without had anv to ione word of dofonco» lf ho S hading b5&*». ™\ «} a0ti°'' How she had' boen »*lonB '*° &° w™ mado hor way to tho ^'om d°afc)' an^mi York, where 'the ?acoiao^.01^ of foir which Karl Lancaster w^J1 her from rescuing hor. .; .. ^lamontal « one also toiu mm or tho grew,,. ? „ that had onsued— that she, tho t^°y^ (i dependent, who had BufEerod all the ^^ ? a povorty, was t an heiress— -the daughSJ j; 6 Hulborfc Brandon Fielding, an English miliS^ j* Sho told how tho impulse .to oonfoss whA^ bIiq was had boon strong upon hor whon, after an absence of throe long years, sho had suddonly mot him abroad that. day. A*id how, seeing ho did not rooognizo hor, bo* caiiso sho had changed so groatly during the longth of timo that iutorvoned, she had mado up hor mind never to rovoal hor idontity, como what might, Also of tho idoa that hnd taken possession of hor that, loving Vivian as ho hud lovod hor in tho past, and bolioving himsolf frao, no doubt he had woddod hor. She had boen of this opinion whon thoy wero talking togothor out on the sandB on that night ho loft Newport so suddonly. Sho thon told of hor subsoq^uont discovery that ho had partod from Vivian forovor on that fatal night throo yoars ago; and of Vivian's arrival at tho hotel, and how sho had reooguisod hor, declaring that on tho morrow tho wholo world should know hor story, ' I ooald navnr endure that,' line wrote, pifce ously, * and ao I «tn Rofnar fttvhy— going ao for that no ono trko baa evur looked upon my faoo will oror bnhnld mo again. Tlvlnn aoouBca mo of ondonvourlng to oomo be tnooa you and tier BRnin. Thla I' omncetly, eol emnly doolnro la untrue. It la thii nhloh sends mo into oxllp, ,-'-' Knowinp; that I am Che same Doris whom you onco 80 degpieed, I know yon will cease to thick kindly of her whom yon knew as Mian Fielding. When wo were out breasting the mud wavi'« together — when you wero perilling your life fc-i anve mine— again the impulse was strong within me to cry out that I was Doris — poor, nnhappy Doris j but;, with the words on my Jipe I fell baetr into a deep swoon. Death mnst hare ensued bud not; yonr strong arras boran me to ssfety. Forget and forgive ma if yon o»d. We shall novsr meet again. The world is wide. I wrecked yonr life once, I cannot wrack it a second timo. Farewell for ever. Yonr unhappy Doris. With hands cold as death Doris sealed her letter, addressed it, and took it down to tho mail-box in the office, ' Now,' sho said, as she stood again in her own room, ' nothing is left for mo to do but go quietly away, secretly and alone. When Vivian tells her story, they will not find mo hero,' (To be continued.) . 