THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. The Courier an eight-page paper this week. A Merry Christmas! . Mr. IieumaneV concert -company at Mount Barker nest Monday erenlng. Owing to the holiday the next Mount Barker market has been postponed from January 1 to the 15th inst. ,, Anotlier oentury in Southern cricket—.102 by X; Harrey for WoodohcBter ngainstliang horne's Creek on Saturday. . } Thua early the.Mount Pleasant Agricul tural Society announces its annual show on !Maroli 17. . The Register's statement with reference to Dr. Oookburn and the Agent- Generalship :»»e without foundation. The Children's Hour forNarember .contains a capitally-written liitle atoryV1'iBSisrly Says," by Miss Lizzie:M; Pidleri of WiBtow/. Atth'elail meeting of; the Incensing Jlencli an application for "a "storekeeper's wine licence from Mr. Thomas K. Reynolds, of Hahndorf, was refused. The annual festival of St. Thomas's Sunday-school, Balhannah, trill be held on January 3, when tea-ineeLings and an enter I tainment will tale place. A heavy expenditure in repairs to the factory boiler and an adverse season handi capped the Blaliston Produce Company last half-year, and a small debit- balance has re sulted. ' At dumeracba on Wednesday £4003 worth of S.A. Company's land in the Hundreds of Onkaparings, Tatunga, and Para Wirra was disposed of by Messrs. J. Monfries, jun., and T. Hutohens. On Wednesday the Lobethal Woollen Factory. was visited by the members of the Semaphore Corporation, who were somewhat surprised at the extent of the workings. The party returned to the city in the erening. At Murray Bridge on Monday Jesse Car eon, and old offender, who represented him self to be Martin, the cyclist, was arrested for stealing a watch, and on the following day he received a sentence of four months. A successful fair was held in the Stirling West Institute on Saturday afternoon, the proceeds being in aid of reducing the debt on the building, which was recently taken over by the local district council. A substantial sum was netted. At the meeting of the Mount Barker Baptist Y.P.8.C.E. on Tuesday evening gifts were received, and the hamper will be for warded to Hope Lodge, Belair. The Mir see Ella Frisk and E. Chapman conducted the meeting. Hia Excellency the Governor and Lady Victoria and Miss Buxton were the guests of Mr. E. Barr Smith at Mount Barker this week. The vice-regalities came up on Mon day, and Sir Fowell returned to the city on Tuesday afternoon and the ladies on Wednes day morning. The additions to the Balbannah Cheese Factory which were made some time ago have proved to be fully warranted, as the milk supply liaa greatly increased and is much larger than the previous season's. Even now the proprietors state that they cannot keep pace with the demand for their produce. The news of the death of Mrs. E. C. Clucas, wife of the Traffic Superintendent, which took place at North Adelaide yester- day morning has been received with deep regret throughout the South, where the deceased lady (who was a daughter of the late Mr. James Johnston, of Oakbank) was widely known. The case against Carl H. Herbig, a married man, for posting obscene writing on the Angas Valley schoolhouse, which was heard at the Mount Pleasant Police Court on Satur- day, excited a great deal of interest locally. The teacher of the school is a young lady, and the principal witness was a lad of about 15, who at the dictation of Herbig wrote the document containing the offence. It was a singular coincidence that on Thursday, the day of the death of Mrs. E. C. Clucas, a daughter of the late Mr. James Johnston, of Oakbank, a case was heard in the Adelaide Supreme Court to decide who was entitled to participate in the residuary estate of the late Mr. Johnston, and the judge ordered a division amongst the children surviving at the time of the testator's death. Real Property Act applications—Section 6104, 6105, end 6106 and sections 5120,5121, and 6122, Hundred of Onkaparinga, Soutli Australian Company ; part lot 5 of aeetion 4478, township of Mount Barker North, George Dunn, Thomas Paltridge, Thomas H, Stephenson, and John D. Hill; sections 46 and 51, Hundred of Macclesfield, Mary Mc Namara ; and sections 2814, 2815, 2846, and 2849, Hundred of Macclesfield, Thomes R. Bowman. The communication received by the Minister of Agriculture in reference to the embargo placed by the British War Depart ment on leather tanned with Australian bark is of considerable importance to Southern landowners. It is evident that en interior class of bark has got into the English market, and it is thought that if all had been of the quality of the broad-leaved variety grown throughout the South the trouble would not have arisen. Dr. Oockburn ia co-operating with the Victorian Minister of Agriculture with a view to getting the prohibition removed. —♦— (From Our Own Correspondents.) Punyelroo, December 20. Beeping lias started, and the crops are turning out better than expected. In .the Hundreds of Fisher, Bidley, end Nildottie about a bag per acre will be obtained, while in Bowhill l am told that quite 10 bushels will be reaped, but I cannot Touch for the truth of this. However, the result is wonder fully good when it is taken into consideration that we have not bad more than 6in. of rain for the year. . The looal district council expects to got the money advanced for seed wheat returned in most coses. The eucalyptus factory is at work now and is giving employment to 10 or 12 hands, which iB a benefit to the district. We are anxiously awaiting the result of the tenders for the mail contract and ere hoping for a river service, which will be very much more convenient than by land. —♦— Callington, December 22. The weather continues very favorable for harvesting operations,-'.and many farmers expect to finish by new'year should it remain fine. There has not been much winnowing done yet, but the yield *o far is fair consider ing the season. Still very few crops are turning out .gpcqfd'lg to appearance and the quantity of straw—a fact which should recommend the uee of the binder and header, whereby" much larger returns would be ob tained. Mr. B. S. McDonald, of " Pre amimmea," is the first in the neighborhood to adopt this system on anything like a large scale, and hie experiment may induce others to follow suit.. The committee of the Mutual Improvement Sooiety have arranged a good selection of music, songs, recitations, and dialogues for Christmas night. —♦— Murdoch's Hill, December 22. The annual entertainment by the oliildren attending tbe public school was given on Friday evening, when the Bar. J. J. Salman presided over n large attendance. The report submitted disclosed a most satisfactory state of affairs, and tho percentage of marks obtained at the last examination establishes a record for the district. The passes in read ing, spelling, writing, and arithmetic were 99~06 percent, end for manual work 100 per cent., the total percentage for the school being 92'43, against 91*49 obtained last year. Tbere were nine examined for certificates, and eigbt gained. There has not been a single failure in the school during the eigbt years in which Miss Forsyth has had charge. At the conclusion of tho entertainment the prizes were distributed by Mr. Salman, a remarkable feature being the large number which were awarded for obtaining the maximum number of marks at tbe examina tion. Master Joseph: Morcom, then, on behalf of the aobolars, their. parents, and. friends, presented Miss Forsyth with a hand some silver-mounted writing case, suitably inscribed,; as a token of their appreciation of her efforts on their behalf, the presentation being accompanied by a neat little speech. The program was carried put in a..manner which reflected great credit on Miss Forsyth and Mrs. R. Avery, jun. Miss Moore accom panied. . Taking into consideration certain disadvantages labored under the entertain ment was certainly above the average, tbe singing and actions being espeoially .good, while the competitions ii> spelling and arith metic were greatly enjoyed, the rapidity with wbieh sums were rattled off throwing the. lightening calculator in the shade. The , aeoond, and ' third , j>rizes. in the spelling competition were gained by Willie Hayes, Amy Day, and Ernest Tregoweth respectively after a long fight. „In arithmetic Lily Avery, Jean Brswn; 'and Albert Pfeiffer tied for £r«ir{>lace in the second-olaat, and all got pr)2e«, while Aggie Pfeiffer were first in the third-class and A. Morcom first in (he fourth-class. The choruses, " Big Bass Drum" and " Thomas and his Donkey," were well sung by the children, as also were the action songs, " The Chinaman," " Sneezing," " Crying," " The Spider and the Fly," and " The Hundred Pipers," the solo psrt of the last-named being sung by Mrs. R. Avery, jun., who also gave in character a clever rendering of " Who's that tapping f " The recftuLions were a strong feature, " Play ful Pets " being given by Gertie Trenowsth, i " OS to Market" by Myrtle James, " Keep ing School" by Rose Morcom, " Jsck's Shilling" by Douglas Day, " The Old Pedlar " by Albert Pfeiffer, " Old Christmas " by L. Morcom, and " Bob and the Apples " by Laurence Kelly. The aimultaneous reci tation, *' Dame Duck," and the dialogues, " Honesty, is the Best Policy " and " Mimic School," were entered into with spirit by the children and well carried out, and during the evening re-demands were frequent. —♦— Mylor, December 21. The children attending the Mylor Publio School were entertained to-day by Madame Mouchetto and Mademoiselle Lion at tlieir residence. A tree, tastefully decorated and loaded with toys, was the centre of attraction, and from this each child received a present. Refreshments followed, and races were arranged and prizeB consisting of cricket bats, dolls, Ac., awarded. At about half-past 5 the , children were dismissed, as the sky became ! threatening and a thunder shower passed over. Very little rain fell, however. Before dispersing the youngsters gave three hearty cheers to their kind and thoughtful enter tainers. Rain is badly needed in this distriot. The potato crop, owing to late frosts, has proved a failure, and one man estimates his loss at £50. The berry fruits, which looked so promising at the beginning of the season, have suffered much with the heat and dry weather. Last season was not good, but tbis so far has been much worse. —♦— Woodside, December 22. On Friday afternoon the children attend ing the public aoliool had their prizes distributed to them by Dr. Esau (chairman of the Board of Advice) in the presence of a number of parents and friends. Mr. It. Oaldwell, M P., who was also present, gave 10 special prizes for good conduct, these j consisting of booklets containing a humorous poem by the donor, entitled "In Our Qreat North-West." Apart from the literary merit of the work and the geographical, geological, botanical, and pastoral information contained therein the value of the gifts were enhanced by the author's autograph. The proceedings were saddened by the loss of two of the children's schoolfellows, one of whom had been drowned while bathing the night before, and a procession was formed to follow his remains to the Wesleyan Cemetery, where an impressive funeral ceremony was conducted by the Rev. B. C. Matthews. Our shops, which are gaily decked for the feetive season, look very attractive and are inducing the youngsters with the aid of u table knife to see if they can get their money out of their portable banks. Many here are looking forward with pleasure to the musical treaL promised for the evening of the 31st, the well-known names on j the bills being a sufficient guarantee of an j excellent entertainment. —♦— Kanmantoo, December 22. Reaping is now tlie order of the day, and i throughout the district the familiar hum of the reaper is heard. A few weeks ago the burden of the farmer's complaint was " More rain," but now he is hoping for fine weather, and so far his wish lias been complied with. Should it continue fine very little wheat will be standing by the new year. A fair estimate may now be made of what the result will be. I have not heard of anything below 6 bushels and nothing over 8 bushels per acre so far. The quality is surprisingly good and is likely to average four bushels to the bag. Mr. S. Sim cock gave his second lecture on his visit to the United States in the Primi- ] tive Methodist Chapel on the 14th inst. to a I fair audience. Mr. T. Heir presided. The j lecturer's reiaarks were listened to with great attention, and at the close a number of native curios from Samoa were shown. j The public school broke up for the holidays on Monday. In the evening an entertain- | mcnt was held, and the audience was to large that many had to Btnnd outside. Mr. T. Hair occupied the chair. An excellent program of songs, recitations, dialogues, &c.;, was presented by the children, whose efficiency reflected great credit on their teacher. Miss O'Manoy, who at the close of the entertainment was heartily thanked for 1 her successful management of the school. —♦— Oakbank, December 21. Last Thursday evening the children attending the public school gave their annual entertainment in the Primitive Methodist Church, when there was a good attendance. Dr. Esau was chairman, and Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P., who was present, also spoke. The entertainment was well carried out and reflects credit on the head-teacher, Mr. R. Sutton, and his assistants, Miss Lampe and Miss Leschke, while Mrs. Sutton and Mr. A. James deserve recognition for their effective accompaniments on the piano and violin re spectively. During the evening Mr. Sutton gave a resume of the year's work, which wasfvery satisfactory. » Sunday was the oocssion of the anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Chapel here, when the Rev. J. G. Wright preached in the after noon and evening, the congregation at the latter service being very large. Daring the services an augmented cboir rendered very creditably the anthems, " In Jewry is God known," " As the Heart Panteth," "Behold, how Good and Joyful," and " Come, Holy Ghost," the eolo parts being taken by Miss Attenhorongh, wbo was organist, and Mr. J. R. Thomson, while the incidental duet was sung by Miss Hunter and Mies Mattner. The anniversary will be concluded on Christ mas Day in the shape of a tea and general meeting. —♦— Blumberg, December 21. The annual school concert was given here on Friday last in the institute, which was packed to the doors, while numbers were unable to gain admission. Altogether £9 6s. was received as entrance-money, which was a little more than that taken last year. The way in which the children were trained reflected the greatest credit on the head teacher (Mr. W. Burpee), for they providod an excellent entertainment end carried out all the items without a hitch. Mr. T. Pflaum occupied the elmir. The program consisted of recitations, saugs, choruses, action songs, skirt drill, and an amusing farce, "The Dentist's Den." All the pieoes were well received, whilst several of them had to be repeated. At the close of the program Mr. D. Hsnna (chairman of the Board of Advice) presented the children with the prizes Won during the year. Altogether over 100 books were given to them, besides about 60 certi ficates of merit, while 17 children received valuable books for having attended every day in the year. This is a record of which, I think, .any school might well be proud. The money which had been won by the children at the different ebows (including Adelaide) was also presented to them, the amount being £1 17s. 6d. Mr. Pflaum, on behalf of the children, presented Mrs. Burpee with a beau tiful work- basket, while Mr. Burpee received an envelope-rack from his scholars. The Literary Society wound up their half year with a mock banquet on Saturday week. Mr. T. Pflaum presided, while Mr. F. Pflaum represented the guest, the Bight Hon. O. O. Kingston. On the whole a most enjoyable evening was spent, concluding with a dance. We are having very unseasonable weather, being cold one day and hot the next. It is very close at present, with every likelihood of a change. —♦— Mannum, December 22. An exhibition of.public school work was held last Wednesday in the institute. There was a large gathering of parents, and Mr. D. Shearer presided. The work shown by the; ehildren was excellent.' The year just con cluded has been a highly successful one, as a very large number of certificates have been awarded. In hie report the head-master, Mr. J. Toting, stated that the number of children attending the ecliool numbered 125, and the schoolrooms were altogether too small. Mr. C. F. Wanke addressed the meeting, and songs by the children and reaitatious by Miss Elsie Shearer and others were given during the evening. The girls presented an address to Mrs. Young, together with a silver mounted crust, while Mr. Young was the recipient of a eilvpr-piounted inkstand from the boys. . ] The hottest day of the season here was last. Thursday, when in one place the glass showed 120 dag. in the eliade. The wind was like tbe blast of a furnace, and man; farmers bad to give up reaping. Very little wheat is coming in yet. It is pleasing to know, however, that the quality of the 'flour from this season's grain will be superior to that of last year. This has been proved by a test made by the local miller. A public meeting was held in tbe institute last Monday to' discuss tbe advisability of securing increased accommodation atthe ppblic sohbol. Mr. D. Shearer presided. It was pointed out that the schoolrooms were alto* gather too email for the number of children attending (125), while the necessity of having tlieteacher's residence enlarged and improved wacUto shown. After a good deal of die, js sion Mr. L. Herbert moved—" 'That v •, the parent;, of ohildren attending tbe Mannum Public * School, ' are of opinion that the accommodation provided is not sufficient for the number attending and that steps should be taken to petition tbe Minister of Education to have the school and residence enlarged and improved to meet demands." The Rev. E. Jackson seoonded the motion, which was oarried, unanimously. Tbe following gentle men were appointed a committee to act with the local School Board of Advice in the matterMessrs. B. Baseby, I. McMillan, J. W. Walker, John Shearer, R. L. Herbert, and 0. F. Wanke. 