SPORTING. The topic of conversation in sporting circles on Monday afternoon was. the enquiry conducted by the A.R.C. Stewards in reference to the protest lodged against The Trojan in the A.B.C. Steeplechase and the charge of malpractice against Sydney'Ferry in connection with - that race. It will be remembered that when the first investigation was held on the Old Course the Stewards, of the Adelaide Racing Glub did not disturb the Judge's verdict, but disqualified young Ferry for twelve months on the ground that he had struck Confidence with his whip. On the matter being reported to the S.A.J.C. they ordered that the suspension should be held in a&eyance; until sfter Jonuaiy 1, because Ferry was not present to 'cross-examine witnesses, and at a later date the premier tribunal referred the case back to the A.B.C. Stewards for rehearing. The investigation was according reopened by the. latter body on Friday last, on which occasion a very large number of witnesses were called on behalf of Ferry to show that he did not stride Confidence with his whipasalleged. Thehearingwasthenadjourned until yesterday afternoon, when the Stewards of the A.K.C. were engaged for over a couple of hours in discussing the question. At the close of their deliberations the following official findiner was handed to the Press:— " It was decided to dismiss the protest, and, as the evidence in relation to the charge of malpractice against Sydney Ferry is of a conflicttang nature, to give the said Sydney; Ferry the benefit of the doubt, and dismiss the charge." Hie Melbourne Cap winner Auratia, who looking the picture of health, has been taken in hand by the Hill Brothers with a view to being prepared for her engagements in the autumn. The daughter of (Trenton—Aura will not, however, be ready to represent Mr. David -Tames at the V.U.C. Autumn Meeting in March. Taliesin, who has been enjoying a-spell at Kapunda, was brought to town on Saturday and will be put into work again by the HiU Brothers. The Nautilus—Ursula gelding looking very well. Musgo by Malua—Kama, has been taken in hand'by F. Musgrove at Caulfield. The Australian Steeplechaser Daimio was amongst the starters in the Weald Handicap Steeple run at Lingfield on Saturday, but the Grand National Steeplechase winner could gist no nearer than third. The death of the racehorse Hobart is re orted from Tasmania. He was by Euclid— 'atchwork, and won the Brighton (Tasmania) Plate on January 1, 189G, and the Birthday Handicap Tun at the Brighton Meeting in May. The S.A.J.C. Committee, at their meeting on Monday voted £3 each from the Distressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund to the jockeys H. Holmes and T. Barnes, who met with alightaccidents during the recent meetings. The racehorses Ola, Orb, Hear 1 Hear, The Ghost, Glowworm, and Lnrline will be offered for sale to-day by Messrs. Barker Brothers. 