WONDERFUL WOMAN; OK, THE DANGERRELD MYSTERY, BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. lAuthor of “Wed, Yet No Wife.” "Nor ine,” “Baronet’s Bride,” Etc. CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued.)' "Ar.fl you arc beaten, after all, Mrs ■Vavasor, anti hy Katherine Danger ■fleltl! . Your same of chess meant more than a game of chess. Is it emblematic? She’s fearfully and wonderfully plucky, this cousin of mine. Will she come off victorious at other games than chess, I Wonder?” She looked up at him for one moment, and all the passion, the rage, the .hatred, smouldering within her,'.burst forth. “I’ll crush her!” she cried, iii a fur ious whisper. “I’ll crush her! And the- day is very near now: '■ This is only orie more item added to the long’ ac count I owe her! She shall pay off all —■the uttermost farthing,-.AVithiitcom pound interest.” : “And stab through him,’! Peter Dan gerfield said, darkly; “the, surest blow you can strike is the one that proves him the traitor and fortune-hunter he is. I believe in my soul it would be her death.” ”1 shall strip her of all—all—lover, father, name even. I will wait until her wedding-day, and strike home then. When her cup of bliss is fullest and at her very lips, I shall dash it down. And, my brilliant, haughty. high-spirited heiress, of Sc-arswood, how trill it lie with you, then?” Sir John was in his place—a darkly, moody, hosf, amid the lights, tiie flow ers, and the wines. Mrs Vavasor was even in higher spirits than usual. Mr Dangcrfield was talkative and agroc -able, Katherine was happy, and dis posed to be at peace with the world ard all therein, even Mrs Vavasor. Site loved, she was loved—all life’s greatest, happiness is said in that. For Mr Dan tree, he was simply delightful. He told them inimitable stories of life in the Southern States, until even grim Sir John relaxed into interest, and after •dinner, in the drawing-room, Dantree sang his favorite after-dinner song, “When the wine-cup is sparkling before us,” in his delicious voice, that enehant >ed even those who hated him most. The piaiio stood in a shadowy recess down at one extremity of the long room—Kathe rine and Mr Dantree had it all to them selves. Mrs Vavasor was busy with ■.some llimsy feminine handiwork. Mr Dangerfield sat beside her, turning over .a book of photographs, and Sir John, lying bad; in his easy chair, kept his ■eyes closed as though asleep. His face wore a worn look of care—he was watching those two shadowy figures rat tiie piano, and as he listened to this man’s voice, so thrillingly sweet—as he looked at his face — the lamp-light ■ streaming on his dusk Spanish beauty —he scarcely wondered at Katherine’s infatuation. “Fairer than a woman, and more un stable than water,” lie thought, bitter ly; “and this is the reed she has chosen -to lean upon through life! My poor little Katliie, and I am powerless to save you —unless I speak, and tell all. Heaven .help you if this man ever finds out the ■truth.” ■ b ' : . ■ ■. . . .■ V . “Sing ine something Scotch, - Gas ton,” Katherine said. She was seated in a low, easy-eliair, -close beside him, her hands lying idly in-her iap, her head back among Hie ■cushions. It was characteristic of this young lady that she had never done a -Stitcll of fancy , work in her life. She was quite idle now. perfectly happy, listening to the howling of the October ..Storm in the park, and Mr Dantree’s ■exquisite singing. “Sing something Scotch— a ballad. If I have a weakness, which is doubtful, .it is for Scotch songs.” Mr Dantree heard but to obey. He ran his fingers lightly over the keys, smiled ■slightly to himself, and glanced half maliciously at the girl’s supremely-con sented face. “How well pleased she looks,” lie :.thought. “I wonder if I cannot change that blissful expression. Many women have done me the honor to fall in love With me, but I don’t think any of them .were quite so hard hit as you—not even • excepting Marie.” He played a prelude in a plaintive ■minor key, wonderfully sweet, with a ■ wailing understvain, quite heart-break ing, and sang. His face changed and 1 ■ darkened, his voice took a. pathos none • • •of his hearers had ever heard before: 1 a weary Jot is tiune, lair maid.— A weary lot is thine! To pull the thorn thy brow to braid, And press the rue for wine. 'A lightsome eye, a soldier’s mien, A feather of the blue, A doublet of the Lincoln green— No more of me you knew, My love, No more of me you knew. “This morn is merry June, I trow, The rose is budding fain, But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet again! He turned his charger as lie spoke Upon the river shore; He gave the reins a shake, and said: : Adieu for evermore, ' My love Adieu for evermore!" It died out faint and low as the last \- cadence of a funeral hymn. And then the. glanced at Katherine. He had chang ed the expression of that sensitive face cruelly. It lay back now against the ruby red of-the velvet, as colorless as the winter snow of which he sang. He arose from tiie piano with a laugh. “Kathie, you are as white as a ghost. I have given you the blues with my sing ing, or bored you to death. Which?” She laughed a little as she rose. “Your song was beautiful, Gaston, but ■twice too sad. It has given me the heartache. It is too suggestive, I sup pose, of man's perfidy and woman's bro ken trust. I want never to hear you sing that song again.” It was late when the two gentlemen 'bade good night and left. Mrs Vavasor took her night-lamp and went up the 'black oaken staircase, her ruby silk trailing and gleaming in lurid splendor behind her. “Good night, Kathie, darling. How • pale and tired the child looks. And you didn't like that divine Mr Dantree’s last song? It was the gem of the evening, to my mind—so suggestive and all that. Bonne nuit et bonnes reves, rna belle” —Mrs Vavasor had a habit among her other gushing habits of gushing out into foreign languages now. and then— “anu try and get your bright looks back to- morrow. Don’t let your complexion fade for any man—there isn’t one on -earth worth it. Good night." “A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien. A feather of the blue. A doublet of the Lincoln green. No more of me you knew. No more of me you knew!” .And with a last backward glance, and ~63l : 7 still singing- the ominous song, brilliant luile Mrs Vavasor vanished. Mr Gaston Dantree rode hack to his temporary home at Morecambe in very excellent spirits. What an uncommon ly good-looking, fascinating sort of fel low he must be that all the women should lose their heads for him in this fashion. Surely the gods who presided over his destiny must have been in a most propitious mood when they creat ed him their bright particular star. “I’ve always heard it is better to be born lucky than rich, and, gad! I be lieve it,” muttered Mr Dantree to him self as he rode. “I was born a pauper. My mother vended apples in the streets of New York: and my father—well, the less said about him the better. He be queathed me his good looks, his voice, and his—loose-fitting morality. Until the age of eight I ran wild about the streets; then my pretty face, and'curly head, and artistic way of singing ‘Oh. Susannah!’ attracted the attention of Mrs Weymore, rich, childless, senti mental, good-natured, and—a fool. I was sen' to school, tricked out in vel vet and nuUes. kissed, praised, petted, ilattered, spoiled by all the ladies, young and old. who visited my foster mamma; and, by Jove, they've been at it ever since. Then at sixteen came that ugly little episode of the forged cheque. That was hushed up. Then followed the robbery of -Mrs YYeymore’s diamonds, traced clearly home to me. They would not overlook that. I inherited my light fingered proclivities from my father, as well as the good looks they praised; hut they wouldn’t take that into con sideration. Then for four years there was the living by my wits—doing a little of everything under Heaven. Then came New Orleans and my new, and I Hatter myself, taking cognomen of Gas ton Dantree, my literary ventures, and their success in their way. And then, after three years more, came old De Dansac and Marie—poor little Marie! I thought I had found the purse of For tunalus then, when, lo! the old fool must up and get married. And, as if that weren’t enough, there must follow an heir, and adieu to all Marie’s hopes and mine. Then I crossed the Atlantic to try my luck on this side the pond, and I believe I’ve accomplished my destiny at last, as Lord of Scarswood, at eight thousand a year. I believe I shall be a square peg, fitting neat and trim into a square hoi*. Katherine's a drawback— exacting, and romantic, and all that bosh—but everything as we wish it is not for this world below. The old gen tleman will die shortly. 1 shall take the name of Dantree Dangerfield, sink the Gaston, and live happy for ever after.” Mr Dantree was still singing that bal lad of the faithless lover as he ran light ly up stairs to his room. He threw off his wet overcoat, poked the fire, turned up the lamp, and saw on the table a letter. Now, a letter to the handsome tenor singer was not an agreeable sight. Let ters simply meant duns, or else- He snatched it up with an oath. This was no dun; it was something even worse. It was superscribed in a woman’s hand, and was postmarked New Orleans! “From Marie, by Jupiter!” he ex claimed, blankly. “Now, how the dev— Ah, I have it. It came to my address in London, and the publishers have for warded it here. Shall I open it, or pitch it into the fire unread? Deuce take all women! Can they never let a fellow alone? What a paradise earth would be without them!” He did not throw the letter into the fire, however. He threw himself into an easy-chair instead, stretched forth his splashed riding-boots to the blaze and tore it open., rt had the merit of being brief,' aV least, arid remarkably ‘ to the New Orleans, Sept. 16. . Gaston,—Are you never going to write? —are you never coming back? Are you ill, or are you faithless? The last, surely. It would he in keeping with all the rest. Does your dead silence mean that I am deserted, and forever ? If so, only say it, and you are free as the wind that blows. I will never follow you—never ask aught of you. No man alive, though he were ten thousand times more to me than you have been, shall ever be sued for fidelity by me. Come or stay, as you choose; this is the last letter I shall ever trouble you with. Return this and all my other letters,my pieture.also. if I am deserted. But, oh, Gaston ! Gaston ! have I deserved this? - MARIE. That was all. The woman’s heart of the writer had broken forth in that last sentence, and she had stopped, fear ing to trust herself. Mr Dan tree read it over, looking very calm and handsome in the leaping firelight. "Plucky little girl!" was liis finishing comment; "it is hard lines on 'her, after all that’s past and gone. But there’s no help for it, Marie. ‘I have learned to • love another, I have broken every vow, we have parted from each other, and your heart is lonely now,’ and all that sort of thing. I wonder if I ever had a heart! I doubt it. I'm like a Minerva; a heart was left out in my make-up ; ' I never was really in love in my life, . and I don’t want to be. Women are very well as stepping-stones to fortune, fame, ambition; but for love in the ab stract—bah! But poor little Marie ! if I ever did approach the spooney, it was for her; if I have it in me to care for any thing or anybody but myself it is for her.” And then Mr Dantree produced a little black pipe, loaded it to the muzSle, struck a fusee, and fell back again to enjoy himself. He looked the picture of a luxurious Sybarite, lounging negli gently among the cushions before the genial fire. “And I know she'll keep her word,” he muttered, reflectively. “No action at law, no avenger on the track in this case, Gaston, my boy; all nice and smooth, and going on velvet. That’s a good idea about sending back the letters and photograph. I’ll act upon it at once. A married man’s a fool who keeps such souvenirs of his bachelorhood loose about. And Kathie isn’t the sort of girl, either, to stand that species of nonsense; she's proud as the deuce, as becomes the daughter of an old soldier, and as jea lous as the devil.” Mr Dantree arose, and, crossing to where his writing-case lay, unlocked it, and produced a package, neatly tied up with blue ribbon. They were letters— only a woman's letters—in the same hand as that of to-night, and in their midst of a photograph. He took this lat ter up and looked at it. It was the face of a girl in her first youth, a darkly, piquant face, with two large eyes look ing at you from waving masses of dark hair—a handsome, impassioned face, proud and spirited. And Gaston Dan tree’s hard, coldly, bright brown eyes grew almost tender as he gazed. “Poor child!” he said—"poor little girl! How pretty she used to look in her misty white dresses, her laces, the creamy roses she used to wear, her dusk cheeks flushed, and Iter big blue eyes like stars! Poor little thing ! and she would have laid a princely fortune at my feet, with her heart and hand, if that old fellow, her grandfather hadn't done her out of it- And I would have been a very good husband, as husbands go. to little Marie, which is more than I'll ever be to this other one. Ah, well! Sic transit, and all the rest of it. Here goes!" He replaced the photograph, added the last letter to the others, tied then up neatly in a sheet of white paper, sealed the packet with red wax, and wrote the address in a firm, clear hand. I Mdlle. Marie de Lansac, I Rue de-, New Orleans. Louisiana. | “I’ll post this to-morrow,” Mr Dan : tree said, putting: it in the pocket of his i overcoat; “and now I’ll seek my balmy couch and woo the god of slumber. I daresay it will be as successful as the rest of my wooing.” Mr Dantree undressed himself lei surely, as he did all things, and went to bed. But sleep did not come all at once; he lay awake, watching the leap ing firelight flickering on the wall, and thinking. ‘ What if, after ail. now. something were to happen, as I were to be dish ed again, as I was in the New Orleans affair?" he thought. “By George, it was enough to make a man cut his own throat, or—old De Lansac's. A million dollars to a dead certainty—Marie sole heiress, Marie dying for me. And then he must go and get married—confound him ! I can’t think Sir John Danger Siold is dotard enough for that; but still, delays are dangerous. I'll strike while the iron is hat. I’ll make Kathleen name the day to-morrow, by Jove 1 Once my wife, and I'm. safe. Nothing can happen then, unless—heavens and earth—unless Marie should appear upon the scene, as they do on the stage, and denounce me.” And then Dantree paused aghast, and stared blankly at the fire. "It's not in the least likely, though,” he continued. “Marie is not that sort of woman. I believe, by George, if she met me a week after she gets the let ters back, she would look me straight between the eyes, and cut me dead. No, Marie never will speak; she could go to the scaffold, with her head up, and her big eyes flashing defiance; and it’s a very lucky-thing for me«she's that sort. Still, it will be a confoundedly ugly thing if she ever hears of me again, either as Dantree Dangerfield or the heiress of Scarswood’s fiancee. She might speak to save Katherine. But, no;” and then Mr Dantree turned over, with a yawn, at last, on his pillow. “Who ever heard of one woman saving another? Men do, but women—never ! I'll have the wedding-day fixed to-moi' row, and it shall he speedily.” . 