1 — FALSE EVIDENCE. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author of "A Monk of Cruta," " A Daughter \- ' of the Mariom," &c.;, &c;, PROLOGUE. The last sally had been made and repulsed, the lut shot "fired; the fight wis over, and victory remained with the white men. And yet, after all, was it a victory or a massacre? If you ^vere a stay-at-home, and read the report from the telegrams in your club, or in the triumnbant columns of the daily papers, espe- J easily "those on the side of the Ministry, you ' would certainly have pronounced it the former. . Bat if you had been there on the spot, and had eeea the half-naked, ill-armed natives, with the fire of patriotism blazing in their eyes .and, leaping in their hearts—had seen them : being shot down in rows by the merciless guns of the English batteries—another view of the matter mieht have presented itself to you. It "might have occurred to you that these men . were 'fighting on their own soil for their free- dom and their country, and that the spirit which was blinding their eyes to the hopelessness of resistance, and urging them on to resist the stranger's progress with Buch passionateineffectiveness, was, after all, a natural and a poetic one. But, after all, this has nothing to do with my story. The cattle was over, and it was morning. : Far away in the east a dull red light had /ilrisen from over the tops of the towering "-jbttck mountains, and an angry sun was sullenly shining on the scene of carnage. It was a "low hillside, once pleasant enough to look •upon, but at that moment probably the most • hideous sight which the whole universe could have shown. • The silvery streams, which .had trickled lazily down to the valley below, now ran thick and red with blood. The luxu- • riant shrubs and high waving ferns were tram- • pled down and disfigured, and. most horrible •sight of all, everywhere were strewn the copper-ooloured forms of the beaten natives. .. There they lay apart and in heaps in all imagi- . liable postures, and with all imaginable expresaions on their hard, battered faces. Some lay on their sides with their fingers locked . . around their spears, and the rigid frown and I convulsed passion of an undying hatred ' branded on their numbed features. Others less brave had been shot m the back whilst flying fiom the death-dealing fire of the . European guns, and lay stretched about iu attitudes which in life would have been comical, but in death were grotesquely hideous; and over the eloping fields the misty clouds of smoke still lingered and curled upwards from the battered extinct shells which lay thick on the ground. " High above the scene of devastation, on a rocky tableau* at the summit of the range of hills, were pitched the teats of the victors. A little apart from these, conspicuous by the flag which floated above it. were the General's quarters; and underneath that sloping roof of canvas a strange scene was being enacted. Seated amongst a little group of theEup3rior officers, with a lieavy frown on his stern face, sat the General. Before him, at a little distance, with a soldier on either side, stood a tall, slight young man, in the uniform of an officer, but swordless. His smooth face, as yet beardless, was dyed with a deep flush, which might well be there, whether it proceeded from shame or indignation. For he was under arrest, and charged with a crime which, in a soldier, is heinous indeed—it was cowardice. It was a Court-martial before which he stood arraigned, although a hastily improvised one. But soldiers have prompt ideas of justice, and General Luxton was a martinet in ali matters of discipline. Disciplinarian though he was, however, he liked little the task which _ was now before him. He looked up from the papers, which were \- stretched out on the ricketty little round table, with a sudden movement, and bent his frowning gaze upon the accused. The young man returned liis gaze steadily, but the colour, in his cheeks grew deeper. " Herbert Devereux, you stand accused of a crime which, in your profession, nothing can \- palliate or excuse. Have you anything to say for yourself?" "There will be no need for me to say anything, .sir," was the prompt reply. " It is true . that I turned my back upon the enemy, but it \vraa to face a greater danger. The man whose life I saved can disprove this cruel charge against me in a moment. I admit that from m s y o n o l u p l tpw s p a I b a a your point of view appearances are suspicious; but you have only to learn from my halfbrother, Rupert Devereux, why I quitted my post, and what I effected by so doing, to absolve me at least from all suspicion of cowardice, however much I may be to blame as a matter of discipline." General Luxton appeared surprised—a little relieved. "I hope so," he said, not unkindly. '"Roberts, send an orderly to Lieutenant Devereux's tent and command his presence at once." The man withdrew, and there was a few minutes' delay. Then the entrance to the tent was lifted up, and a tall, dark young man, with thin but dccided features and flashing black eyes, stepped forward. He was handsome after a certain type, but his expression was too lifeless and supercilious to be prepossessing. General Luxton looked up and nodded. " Lieutenant Devereux, your half-brother, who stands accused of cowardice iu the face of the enemy, appeals to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw of him during the recent fighting." Eagerly and with a confident liirht in his fair young face, the prisoner turned towards the man to whom these words were addressed. But slowly and deliberately the latter turned his back upon his half-brother without noticing his glance of appeal, and with a scornful light in his eyes. There was a slight murmur, and an interchange of iooks amongst the few who were present at this significant action. " I do not know, General Luxton, he said slowly, " what the prisoner can expect me to say likely to benefit him. He can scarcely be so mad as to exocct me to Bhicld him in this matter on account of our relationship, or to' . preserve the honour of our name, and yet I do not see why else he should have appealed to me. I saw very little of the affair, and would rather not have seen that. X was riding to you, sir. with a message from Colonel Elliott?; and, as I passed trench 4, I saw the prisoner suddenly leave his company and run towards me. He passed several yards to the left, and as he seemed to be hurrying along aimlessly, I called to him. He made no answer,. but " " LIAR?" The word seemed hurled out with such a passionate intensity that every one started. General Luxton looked up angrily. " Silence, sir ! You will have an opportunity of saying what you have to say presently. Proceed, Devereux." "As I was saying," Rupert Devereux continued calmly without appearing to have noticed the interruption. " he made no answer, but seemed to wish to avoid me. As the message with which I was entrusted was an important one I rode on and left him hurrying towards the rear." With a sterner air even than he had at first assumed General Luxton turned towards the unfortunate young man who stood before him. He was standing, as though turned to stoue, with wide-open eyes, staring at the man who had just spoken, attitude and expression alike bespeaking an overpowering bewilderment. " You are at liberty to ask the witness any questions," the General said shortly. For a moment there was a dead. silence; then the words came pouring out from his quivering lips like a mountain torrent. "Rupert, what have you said!—what does this mean ? Good God, are you trying to ruin me? Did I not run to your assistance because you were beset by those three blackguards? Didn't I kill two of them and save your life? You can't have forgotten it! Why are you lying? Hilton saw it all, and so did Fenwick. Where are they? My God, this is horrible !" The deep flush had gone from his cheeks, and left him pale as death. Groat beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead, and there was a wild look in his deep blue eyes. But the man to whom he made his passionate appeal kept his back turned and heeded not a word of it. Instead of answering he addressed the General. "General Luxton," Rupert said, calmly, " the accused is denying the truth of my statement, mentions the names of two men whom he admits were witnesses of this lamentable occurrence. Might I suggest thai they be called to give their version?" The General nodded assent, and the thing was done. But Hilton was the only one who answered the summons, aud on reference to a Hstof the killed and wounded it waa found that Fenwick was reported missine. " John Hilton, fhe accused has appealed to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw of him during the recent fighting." The man, an ordinary-looking private, stepped forward and saluted. " I only saw him for a moment, sir," he said, slowly, and with a marked reluctance. "I was riding behind Lieutenant Devereux when I^saw him leave his company and pass us a few yards to the left. It struck me that he looked very pale, and I thought that perhaps he was wounded." " He did not leave his company to come to your master's assistance, then? " " Ceitainly not, sir. We were not in any need of it. None of the enemy were near us." " Thank you. You can go, Hilton." The man saluted and want. There was a dead silence for a full minute, Then there came s. passionate, hysterical cry I from the prisoner— j "Liar! Liar! General Luxton, upon my honour, either my brother and this man are under some hallucination or they have entered into a conspiracy against me. Before God Almighty I swear that I only left my post because several of the enemy had crept down from the hill behind and had attacked my brother and his servant. I killed one of them, and the biood of the other is still on my sword. Why, Rupert, you know that you called out, ' Thanks, Herbert, you have saved my life.' Those were your very words!" The man appealed to shook his head slowly and as though with great reluctance. The sight seemed to madden the prisoner, and he made a sudden movement forward as though to spring at him. " Oh, this is horrible!" he cried. "Where is Fenwick? He saw it all. Let him be called." General Luxton glanced again at the list before him and looked up. " You are unfortunate in your selections," he said, dryly. " The evidence of Hilton and your brother, to whom you appealed, only strengthen the case against you. Fenwick is missing. Herbert Devereux," he went on sternly, "the charge against you has "been proved. I, myself, at a most critical moment, saw you desert your post when it was the centre of attack, and it'fell to another's lot to lead vour men on to the pursuit. The reasons which you have brought forward to account for your unwarrantable action have been clearly disposed of. "X ou are most certainly guilty of a crime for which, amongst soldiers, there is no pardon. But you are youug, and I cannot forget that you are the son of one of the most distinguished officers with whom it has been y good fortune to be associated. For his ake I am willing to make some allowance for ou—on one condition you may retain your ommission; and, I trust, retrieve^ this welligh fatal mistake iu the future. To the crime f cowardice you have added the crime of ying; for that your account of the attack pon your half-brother and your rescue is a ure fabrication I cannot doubt. The pecuiar curve iu the defile behind trench 4 unforunately hid you from the field of battle and revents further evidence as to the occurrence hich, you say, took place. But that your tory is false no one can possibly doubt. The lace has been carefully examined, "and there re uo dead bodies within a hundred yards. t seems, from your appeal to your halfrother, that you expected him to shield you t the expense of his honour. This lie ud false statement of yours you must retract if you hope for any mercy from me." ' There was a convulsive agony in the boy's white, strained face as he drew himself up, and looked half piteously, half indignantly at bis Judge. But when he tried to speak he could not, ana there was a minute or two's dead silence whilst ho was struggling to obtain the mastery over himself. All expected a confession, and General Luxton removed his eyes from the prisoner, and bent close over iiis papers, that none might read the compassion j which was in his heart, and which was re- j fleeted in his face. The words came at last; and shrill aud incoherent though they were, there was a ring j of genuine dignity iu them. "General Luxtoc, I have been guilty neither | of cowardice nor falsehood. I swear before I God, on the sword which my father himself j put into my hands before I left England; by j everything that is most holy to me, I swear | that my account of this awful occurrence is ! true. Ask the men of whom I was ia com- ! mand when I caught sight of—of iiira"'—and ! he pointed with a trembling finger and a gos-1 ture than which nothing cculd have been more ! dramatic to his half- brother —"ask them j whether I bore myself like a coward when | those spears were whistling around us, or ' when we were fighting hand-to-hand after the j first repulse. God knows that I did not. I ; left my post to encounter a greater danger stilL ! Bitterly do I regret that I ever <jftd so; but it | it is the ouiy indiscretion of which I am guilty, I swear it." | General Luxton raised his head, and what ; there had been of compassion in his face was either gone or effectually concealed. j " You have sworn enough already," he said, 1 sternly. " Herbert Devereux. I am bitteriy ] disappointed in you. I was willing to spare ( your father the disgrace which I fear wiil kill • him ; but vou cut away the ground from under j my feet. You are most certainly proved guilty I of gross cowardice in the face of the enemy, j found guilty, not upon the evidence of one | man, but of two, and one of those your own relative. Circumstances, too, ary strong against you, so are the probibilities. Most undeniably and conclusively you are found guilty—guilty of cowardice, guilty of falsehood. You will remain uuder arrest until I can find an opporfumtv of sending an c=,co: t with you to the Hekla. Your commission is forfeited to the Queen, whose uniform you have disgraced." Never a sign of guilt in the prisoner's countenance. Proudly and indignantly he looked his General straight in the face, his cheeks red with a flush. which ovas not of shame, and the wild fury in his heart blazing out of his eves. It is not I who have disgraced the Queen's colours; but he—he who has fabricated and sworn to a false string of lies. Rupert, in your heart alone is the knowledge of ivhy you have done this thing. But some day you shall tell me—or die." There was something intensely dramatic in the passionate bitterness which vibrated in the shrill boyish tone, and, as though moved Ijy a common impulse, every one in the tent followed that threatening gesture. But the face of Rupert Devereux was little like the face of a guilty nan. He looked somewhat agitated, and a good deal pained ; but although he w*s the cynosure of all eyes, he turned never a shade the paler, nor flinched once from the passionate fire which was leaping from the eyes of the young prisoner. He seemed as though about to make some reply; but the General raised his hand. " Remove the prisoner." There was a sudden commotion, for, with a deep, despairing groan, and arms for a moment lifted high above his head, he had staggered backwards and sunk heavily to the ground in a dead swoon. What wonder! He was but a boy after all. "Herbert! Why. Herbert. Good God! Where did you spring from? Are you invalided?" The moonlight was streaming in through the high oriel windows of the long picture gallery, glittering upon the armour and crossed weapons which hung upon the walls, and casting fantastic rays down the polished oak floor. Colonel Sir Charles Devereux dropped the cigar which he had been peacehis leisurely perambulation of this his favou- fully smoking, and brought to a sudden halt rite resort. Before him, with drooping head, with sunken cheeks, and with deep black rims under his eyes, stood his son Herbert, who, only a few months ago, had departed on his first campaign, a happy, careless young sub. Was it, indeed, his son, or was it a ghost that had stolen upon him out of thegloomyshadows of the vast gallery? " Invalided. Would to God that I was dead," broke from the boy's quivering lips. " Father, I have brought disgrace upon you— disgrace upon our name." And he stretched out his hands toward? the long line of pictured warriors, who seemed to be frowning down upon him from the wall. " Disgrace that you will never forgive, never pardon." Like a statue of stone the proud old soldier stood whiie he listened to his son's story. Then, with a half- smothered groan, he deliberately turned his back upon him. "Father," he pleaded, "listen to me. Before Heaven I swear that I am innocent. Rupert lied. Why I don't know, but he lied. I never felt fear." His father turned half round. " You have been put on your defence. General Luxton would never have found your father's son guilty of cowardice had there been room for doubt. The charge was proved against you in Court martial." . " But, father, it was because they believed Rupert aud his man. The only two other men who saw .the struggle are dead."' Colonel Devereux turned away and buried his faceiu his hands. "A Devereux guilty of cowardice!" he groaned. " My God! that it should have been my son!" Then with a sudden movement he turned round. His son had sunk upon bis knees before him, and the moon was throwing a ghastly light upon his haggard, supplicating face. "Out of my sight, and out of my heart for ever, Herbert Devereux!" cried his father, his tones vibrating with a passionate contempt. " You have brought disgrace upon a stainless name. Curse you for it, though you be a thousand times my son. You shall not sleep under this roof again. Begone! Change your name, I command you! Forget that you are a Devereux, as I most surely shall. Turn linendraper, or man-milliner, or lawyer, what you will so that I never see or hear from you agaiu. Begone, and curse you." Scathing and vibrating with scorn though the words were, they 3eemed to touch a chord in the boy's heart, not of humiliation, but of righteous anger. Ho sprang to his feet, and held himself lor a moment as proudly as any of his armoured ancestors who looked down from the walls upon father and son. " I will go. then," he cried, firmly. "It is right that I should go. But. after all, it is falsa to say that £ have disgraced your name. It is Rupert who has done this." He turned and walked steadily away, without a backward glance. Out of the swing doors on to the broad staircase, he passed along noble corridors, between rows of marble statues, down into the mighty dome-like hall, and out of the house which he had loved so well. And the servants, who would have pressed forward to welcome him, hung back in fear, for there was that in his face which they shrunk from looking upon. Out into the soft summer night he stepped, heedless of their wondering glances, and down the broid avenue he hurried, never . pausing once to breathe in the balmy night, j wind, heavy with the odour of sweet-smelling j tiowers, ortolitten to the nightingale singing in j the low copse which bordered the gardens, j Through a low iron gate he stepped into the i park, and waited swiftly aloug, never glancing I to the right or to the left at the strange shadows cast by the mighty oaktrees on the velvety turf, or at the startled deer, who sprung up on every side of him and bounded gracefully away, or at the rabbits who were scampering about all around in desperate alarm. Once he bad loved to watch and to listen to all these things; but now he felt only a burning desire to escape from them, and to find himself outside the confines of the home which he was leaving for ever. And not until | he had reached the last paling, and had vaulted j into the broad, white road, did his strength' desert him. Then, faint and weary, and heartsick, he sank down in a heap on the roadside, and prayed that he might die. A cloudless summer morning, with the freshness of dawn still lingering in the air. A morning which seemed about to herald in one of Nature's perfect days, on which to be sad were a crime, and to have troubles absurd. Already the dreamy humming of bees was floating m the atmosphere, and the lark had given place to noisier, if less musical, songsters. It was a glorious morning. Over the low, iron gate of an old- fashioned garden a girl was leaning, her head resting lightly upon 'her hand, gazing across the pleasant meadows to the dark woods beyond, with a soft, far- away loo!: in her grey eyes— for she was thinking of her lover. She was dressed in a blue print gown, which huug in simple folds around her straight, slim fisrure, and she had carelessly passed the long Btalk of a full-blown red rose within her waistband. It was a very pleasant view that she was admiring, but any casuai spectator would have declared that she was the most charmiugobjeet in it. And there was a spectator, although not a casual one. Suddenly, like a ghost, the figure Qf ],er dreams stood before her. Pale, haggard, and dishevelled-looking, he seemed to have risen out of the very ground ; aud it was very little to be wondered at that, a: first, sha shrunk back alarmed. "Herbert! Herbert! can it really be you?" He never answered her; but, as the first surprise begin to fade away, she moved forward, and would have thrown herself into his arms. But he stopped her. "Keep back, Marian," he cried, hoarsely. " Iveen away from me. I have come to bid you good-bye." A swift, sudden fear drove the colour from her cheeks, and chilled her through and through ; but she .^iritored out an answer. "Good-bye, Herbert! What do you mean? Oh tell me what has happened, quick." " The one tiling worse than death, Jlarian— disgrace." And then, with his face turned away, and his eyes resting wc.irilv on the picturesque landscape, he told her his stoi'3'. The last word left iiis ouivenn; lips, and he stool as thoucr'ii m a dream. The worst i was over. He had toid his father, and he had | toid her. It seemed like the end of ail things j to liira. Suddenly a pair of w'nita arms v.era thrown around his ncok, and a great red rose was crushed to pieces against his waistcoat. "Herbert, oh, Herbert, now dreadful! Don't look like that, you frighten me'" Ha was striving to free himself, but she would not let him go. "Dearest, you du.Vc uuderscaad. This is ruin to me. Mv father has turned mo from the house, commanded me to bear another j name, disc me. lie br.ive, ilarian, . for ; wo lii'i'it Dart. I am here only to tell you this, ar.d to bid yon farewell." JSiill she would not let him go. " You will do nothing of the sort, sir. I'll not be thrown over in that fashion," she s?.id. struggling to smile Through her tears. . '"And Herbert, oil, Herbert, how ill you look! You've been out all night." He did nut denv it, but again he strove to disengage himself, but s::a would have none of it. " Bertie, dearest," she spoke cheerfully, though her eyes were still swimming with tears, " you musin't think c'na; you're going to get rid of us in this way. You've just get to come in to breakfasl with me, and afterwards we'll tell Grannie all about it. Co.ue along, sir. 1 insist." j He braced hiuself up for resistance, but he ' had still to learn that against a woman's love • a .mail's will can prevail nothing. At first he was firm, then wavering, aud finally he was led in triumph aeross the smooth lawn and along the winding path to tiie French win- | dows of the morning room. But when lie . lound iii'.nself faee to faee with the kind old I lady who had loved him as her own son, aud ] saw the tears trickle down her withered, | apple-red cheeks as she listened to the tale j which Marian poured out, he felt that he had j passed the liniiis of self-endurance. For [ more than tivency-four hours he had neither : ea^en nor H runk, and he was sick at heart, j Gradually Marian feit the arm. which she had ] drawn tightly through hers, grow heavier and heavier, until at last as she finished her tale I with a little tremulous burst- of indignation, he sank back in the arm-chair and slowlv fainted. But through the mist which closed in upon him he saw nothing but kindly pitying faces bending over his, and heard Grannie's gentle whisper:— "I believe, you, Herbert," and more emphatic but none the less earnest were her words, whose sweet, tear-stained face, so close to his, was the last he saw when unconsciousness was closing in upon him. "So do I, Bertie, I hate Rupert," and Eweeter than the most heart-stirring music were the faltering words she added:— " And I love you better than ever. Grannie. Grannie, he has fainted !" iTo be continued on Monday.) Oh, 