MISCELLANEOUS. Ellistos, May 20. — A meeting of tho rate payers called by the district council waa held on Saturday last, when Messrs. J. L. Higgins, chairman of the district council, W. A. Barnes, ofColton, and J. Telfer, of Portnna station, were deputed to visit Adelaide on be half of the ratepayers to interview tho Trea surer and urge tho necessity of placing a sum on this year's estimate for erecting a jetty. Sutheblands, May 24. — We have lost our oldest resident in the person of Mr. S. Gale, who has gone West. Ho was our only J.P. It will bo very inconvenient unless an ap pointment is made. Balaklava, May 22. — A social was hold at the Church of Christ on Friday evening, when there was a large gathering to bid fare well to Mr, and Mrs. D. Wright, who havo been prominent members for l'J years. Mr. J. Wark presided, and with MesBrs. D. Finlay son, T. Roberts, sen., J. Willmott, and W. T. S. Harris addressed the meeting. Great re gret was expressed at the departure of Mr. Wright and family, and many references were made to the service which they had rendered to tho church. Nabeacoobte, May 23.— On Tuesday even ing a combined sale of surplus goods and promenade concert was held in the Anglican Church schoolroom. A nice assortment of articles was offered for sale, and refreshments were provided. There was a good attendance and a programme of vocal .aud instrumental music was carried out. — At the Magistrates' Court on Tuesday morning George Woodall, a middle- aged man, who came from over the border to visit some friends, was charged with being a lunatic and was ordered to be sent to the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum. — The Narra ooorte Cricket Club .have issued a statement of the season's operations. The balance-sheet shows that the club commenced with a debtor balance of £13 19s. 4d. and cloaod with an in debtedness of £5 2s. 4d. Eleven club matches were played, 7 being won, 3 lost, and 1 drawn. In the batting averages G. Brownlees and R. Loutit came out best with 20*5 and 20 respec tively. J. Moyes is top' in the bowling with an average of 6'2. and W. Platt is next with 6 '3. JaMBBTOWK.— The Jamestown Corporation ?and theBolalie Board of Advice are cotnbin ing.in an endeavor to organise a big demon fifcMaonby the school children of Petersburg, Yongala- Mannanarie, Spalding. Jamestown, OaltoWie, Georgetown. Gladstone, and Laura_ in commemoration of the Queen's record reign (Bays the local paper). At the meeting of the town council on Monday evening the sum of £10 10s. was voted, and the neighboring town and district councils are to be asked to assist. The details are not yet settled, but the idea seems to be that the children should come on Wednesday, June 23, by , the trains reaching Jamestown at 11 a-m., assemble in the Bquare, where they would be addressed by various speakers, then march to the recreation reserve, receiving some light refreshment. . Sports would occupy them till lunchtime, when a' plain but substantial meal would be supplied free to all children, adults being required to pay a small sum. Additional sports would follow, and the juveniles would leave by the 4.30 trains. Gawler, May 21. — On Tuesday evening last the adjourned vestry meeting of St. George's Church was held, and the Rev. J. Lumsdon occupied the chair. The financial statement of the church-officers was satisfactory. The whole of the church property was stated to be free from liability, with the exception of £170 on the schoolroom premises. There is about £308 in hand towards the tower fund. The idebted neas of the Gawler South Mission Church, which had been considerably reduced, was now £140. On Wednesday last the annual meeting of the Congregational Band of .Hope was held. Mr. C. Paterson (president) presided. An interesting address was delivered by the Rev. Joseph Robertson, cf Stow Church, Ade laide, and a varied programme was submitted. —The Gawler Permanent Building and Invest ment Society held their half-yearly meeting on Monday evening lost, aud Mr. D. McMillan occupied the chair. The half-yearly report stated :— 'This half-year we have been obliged to reduce the profit per share of six months' old to 4s., and others in proportion. This step has been rendered necessary owing to the fall in interest and the gradual absorp tion of the reserve fund. This now stands at £118 Is. 3d. The nominal amount due on borrowed shares at the beginning of the half year was £475 ; borrowed during the half-year, £125 ; nominal amount now due on borrowed shares, £C00 ; the amount on loan at the be ginning of the term was £2,807 9s. j paid off during the half-year, £144 ; amount now lent, £2,713 9s. The number of shares on the society's list last half-year was C7A ; taken up during the term, 52 ; less matured and with drawn, 2J ; now held, 70^.' The report and financial statement were adopted. Messrs. D. McMillan aud E. Potter were' re-elected directors. Strathalbyn, May 21. — During the past year the expenditure in connection with the rebuilding of two of the gablo walls, and the renovation and decoration of the whole of the interior of the Strathalbyn _ Presbyterian Church has been very considerable, and verious schemes on a small scale for recouping tho amounts expended have been arranged. Some months ago meetings were called, and it was decided to hold a bazaar which was held this week: It was most successful, financially and otherwise. Various committees were ap pointed for their respective stalls, which con sisted of married 'women's stall, spinsters, sweet, produce, refreshment, branpie, and the bachelors, which being rather a novelty in this district created a deal of interest. The Institute Hall was extensively decorated, as were also the stalls, each committee striving to outdo the other, and on the whole a very artistic effect was produced. The formal opening took place at 3 on Wednesday after noon, when Mr. B. Smith (chairman of com mittees) requested the Hon. J. L. Stirling, M.L.C., to open the bazaar, which he did in a most appropriate speech. The bazaar was re sumed on Thursday, and a musical programme and tableaux were presented each evening. The receipts were :— Bachelors, £27 11s. 3d.; spinsters, i'24 0s. 6d.; married ladies, £18 5s. Id.; produce, £7 14s. Cd.; sweetB, £5 7s. Cd.; refreshments, ' £5 23.; branp:e, £2 8s. 9d.; admittance, £13 0s.. 6d. Total, £103 10s. — Surprise and regret were expressed to-day at the death of Mrs. Thomas Bartlett, which occurred very suddenly. Much sympathy is felt for tbo bereaved husband and members of tbo family, who are much respected. Clarendon, May 20. — A pleasant social gathering of the members of the Anglican Church in tbo form of an afternoon tea was held at the residence of Miss Benhain to bid goodbye to Mr. and Mrs. Crambrook, who are leaving the district. Tho Rev. K. W. Pobjoy, on behalf of the members, presented Mrs. Crambrook with a handsome teapot neatly in scribed, in recognition of valuable services ren dered to the Church by her. Mis3 Mabel Recce was also made the recipient of a dress ing-case as an acknowledgment of her regular assistance as organist for several years past to the Clarendon Church. Pout Augosta, May 10. — In connection with the Port Augusta aud Flinders Jockey Club meeting, to be held on July 0 and 8, tho Railway Commissioner has agreed to issue tickets at excursion rates from Adelaide, Her- 1 gott, and &H; intermediate stations between i both plaee3. In previous years this con cession has only extended as far south as Petersburg. It is to be hoped that the racing public will avail themselves of the cheap rates. Wallaroo, May 21.— We regret to record the dt- atb of Sir. M. Liddy, an old resident of the Peninsula. Mr. Liddy leaves a widow and family, mostly grown up. The funeral, which took place to-day, was largely attended, and the members of the lodge of Oddfellows marched in procession. — The Rev. J. Bryson delivered an ablo lecture on India in the Presbyterian church last evening, the mayor (Mr. 'J. Malcolm) presiding. Misses Bews aud Harris rendered several songs and were well received. The lecturer was for maiiy years in India, having visited the various places he noticed in his lecture. — Tho weather still continues dry. Mount Gawbieb, May 23.— A public meet ing was held on Saturday to consider what stops should be taken to celebrate tho Queen's Diamond Jubilee. The mayor presided. It was decided that the celebration should take tho form of a treat to all tho children within the local school board district, visiting children being included. — To-day nice rains fell and there is a prospect of a further downpour. Petersburg, May 22.— At a meeting of sub scribers to the Petersburg Hospital fund on Monday evening, the mayor presiding, it was resolved that a hospital Bhould ba erected as soon as possible. A committee and secretary were appointed, and it was decided to approach the Government with regard to a subsidy. — Owing to the scarcity of feed the local milk sellers have' raised the price of milk to 8d. per quart.— It has been proposed to commemorate tho Queen's Diamond Jubilee locally by the formation of a park, to be called the Jubilee Park, the provision of which would prove a great boon to the town, destitute as it is of lark lands. The chief difficulty so far is the ligh price asked for land, but it is to be hoped this difficulty will be surmounted. WOL8ELKY, May 21.— On Monday night and Tuesday last we hod a nloef all of rain, which has had a marked effeot on the grass. Tho days and nights have been very cold since these rams, and the frost is no doubt preventing a good growth of tho feed. — Tenders are being called for the transhipment of goods at this station ; the work at present is being done by day labor. — The attendance at the school is very much injured by a 'rash' disease which is visiting the children. Fully a third were absent to-day. — Our farmers have lost quite a number of cattle and sheep through tho drought. Queensoliffe, May 24. — An entertainment was given here on Saturday night, May 22, by the local minstrel troupe, assisted by other ladiea and gentlemen,- in -aid of the Cygnet River Cricket Club. The bones and tambo parts were taken by Messrs. R. J. Cook and T. W. Battams, who caused great amusement. Songs were rendered by Mrs. Daw, Miss Fioranco, and Messrs. Carter, Alf Shegog, A., R,, and G. Shegog, P. Caiman, O. Thom son, Captain Henderson, and the cornermen. Mrs. 'Kinoh acted as pianiste. The concert concluded with a farce 'The Rival Artists,' in which the characters were taken by Messrs. Cook, Battams, and Shegog. The proceeds amounted to £3 17b. 6d. Mobphett Yam; May 2L— Tho anniversary of the Morphett Vale branches of the Viotoria and Southern Star tents was held in the insti tute on Tuesday evening last. The night was wet and stormy, and the attendance was not so good as usual. A special drag from town brought out a large party of Rechabites, who carried out the evening's programme success fully. Mr. H. Hannam occupied the chair and gave a recitation and address. Songs, ducts, and readings were given by Mrs. Thornber, Misses Herbert, Dearen, and Broad. Mr. M. H. Madge gave an address, and at the supper-table recited original poetry, which caused amusement. A vote of thanks to tbe visitors was proposed by Rev. J. H. Sexton, who also gave a brief account of the local work of the Rechabite society. — On Thursday evening, in connection with the Literary society, a Parliamentary evening was carried out with success. Mr. D. S. Forsyth was premier of the ministry, while Mr. J. N. T. Smith acted as speaker. The various points of the Government policy were debated, and finally approved by the members. OoptAwiRHA, May 24. — Inspector Bosch examined the Oodlawirra school on May 13 and 14. The result was 82 '5 per cent., and the inspector expressed himself as well pleased with the state of the school. He considered the script work especially good. There were 4G pupils examined, and out of these 43 were promoted to tho next class. Considering the crowded state of the school this reflects credit on both scholars and teacher. Riverton, May 21. — At a meeting held re cently in Mr. Gordon's clubroom it was decided to form a male glee society. Mr. E. Southwell was chosen as conductor. Mrs. Dunn has con sented to act as pianist. — A meeting was he'd in the Institute Hall on Friday evening last to consider the formation of a branch of tho Farmers' Union here. Mr. C. Giles, of Ade laide, explained the working of the union, aud some 25 to 30 farmers have agreed to take shares. Tanunda, May 25.— The township was very lively last Friday. It was pay-day »d tbe Chateau Tanunda cellars for grapes delivered during the vintage. Over £3,000 was paid away to the growers. —The funeral of the late Rev. J. Reusch was the largest ever seen in this district. It was estimated that 1,500 people attended. The deceased gentleman was much respected not only by the members of his own congregation but by every class of the community. He was pastor of St. John's Church for upwards of 30 years. Meningie. May 25.— On Saturday week a cantata, 'The 'Flower Queen,' was success fully rendered in the local council chamber by the school children under the leadership of Mr. James Stewart, assisted by Mrs. Stewart, Miss Linn, and Miss Hyde, the lastnamed presid ing at the piano. The attendance was large, and the children performed in a praiseworthy manner, reflecting great credit upon ttieir leader, who has been untiring in his efforts to perfect the little ones. Strathalbyn, May 25,— The Strathalbyn Cricket Club terminated its season by a social, which was held on May 21 at the Terminus Hotel. Host Fallon provided an excellent spread, at which some 25 members and sup porters sat down. Councillor J. J. Edmonds, in the unavoidable absence of the mayor, presided, and was supported by the captain (Mr. H. J. C. Adams) and the hon. secretary (Mr. G. T. Wright). Mr. R. Kent occupied the vice-chair, and was supported by Messrs. J. W. Elliott aud G. W. Montgomery. After justice had been done to ths good things on the tables the toast-list was gone through, and many appropriate and humorous speeches were given, songs, recitations, &c;, interven ing. Tho singing of 'Auld lang syne' brought an exceedingly pleasant evening to a close. Avgaston, May 25.— Some excitement was caused here on Sunday evening by a report that the premises of Mr. Standing, a draper, in Murray-street, had been broken into, and goods to the amount of about £3 stolen. Tho robbery must have taken place between 6.30 p.m. and 8 p.m. when Mr. Standing was at church. The thief entered a room at tho back of the shop through the window, aud after appropriating au overcoat, a pair of trousers, and some other articles of wearing apparel, made h is exi t through the back door, leaving the candle burniRg. Mr. Standing was informed of the light in his shop by someone who bad passed, but when he arrived the bird had flown, leaving in his track a pair of socks and one or two other useful articles. Theso, together with his footprints, were the means of tracing him around the back of the house and into a right-of-way running do'.vn the side of the premises of Messrs. D. and E. Hayne. He appears to have walked up and down here for soino time, probably wailing for a favorable opportunity to get into the street, for tbe foot pritits are numerous. He apparently succeeded, for no further trace of him has so far been found, although Mounted-Constable Dowling is diligently making enquiries. Minlatox, May 24. —A farewell social was tendered to Mr. Charles Smith and family in the Instituto Hall on Wednesday evening last on the eve of their departure for West Aus tralia. Air. Smith has been a resident of this district for about 22 years, and his genial dis position and the interest he has shown in all matters pertaining to the good of tie district y/on for him the esteem of a largo circle of friends. He . was for many years a prominent member of the cricket club, and he was instrumental in establishing the Minlaton branch of the Agri cultural Bureau. Mr. R. A. Ford, who occu pied the chair, presented Mr. Smith on behalf of the residents with a large-framed photo graph of 'Sunny side,' Mr, Smith's late home. The picture was well executed by Mr. Panton, and framed by Mr. Marlow. Complimentary speeches were made by tbe Rev. J. Nairn, Messrs. M Twartz, H. Barr. A. Page, R. Higgins, C. R Marlow, and T. G. Roberts. Instrumental selections were rendered by Mrs. Nairn and Miss Trehearne ; songs by Mrs. Nairn, Miss Mathewa, and the Misses Stagbouer, and Messrs. Pretty and Clark, after which light refreshments were handed round. — A serious accident happened to Robert McKcnzie, tho only Bon of Mr. James McKenzie, on Saturday morning last whilst riding one of his father's working horses. He was thrown on to a heap of stones and sus tained concussion of the brain. Tho patient is progressing favorably under the care of Dr. Palmer. Mankcm, May 24. — The average attendance at the local State Bchool is considerably over 100, but the number was reduced to four last Friday owing to illness at tho teacher's resi dence. The Ipatient is recovering. The Maunum psople wish to havo the .school tem porarily closed, but the Education Department think it is quite sufficient precaution against contagion for the teacher to leave the residence which is only a few feet from the school, Mobphett Vale, May 24. — On Saturday Mr. Sigston was thrown from his bicycle whon coming down a hill, through the upright bar snapping. He broke his jaw in tbe fall, and woe otherwise bruised considerably. Tbe ac . . ? ? ? - ... ' - 1 « indent occurred near Morphett Yule, so that m '1 Jl the sufferer bad Dr. Hone's attention at onoe. ^-HI —The annual winding-up meeting of the Mor- ., -M phett Vale Cricket Club was held on May 2L 'ff Mr. Nalty {the president) presided over a -?? J§! splendid attendance of members. The balance- i|| sheet, which was read and adopted, showed ?- fM that the club had a small balance in hand. -M During the season the first eleven played 30' '?1 matches, winning 14, losing G, and drawing 10. M They scored 3,829 runs for 286 wickets ~W against their opponents' 2,125 runs for - M 257 wickets. C. Perry secured top place J§ in batting with an average of 24 for ?-^?ii 26 innings, and J. Connole in bowling with ;^8 73 wickets for 332 runs. The second eleven : i-^Wi played 23 matches, winning 14. losing six, and '??'?, :-$m drawing three. S. Poison obtained the batting ;^r4S and bowling averages with au average of 21 ; -?''?$&& runs for twelve innings, and 37 wiokets for 16S ill runs, but as. the rules prohibited him from ' ?3| taking. both prizes that for bowling was given ''£'$& to J. Perry, who had an average of o per . ;.-M wicket Bats were presented to the players ;^ mentioned. A special prize presented by Mr. .. ';'S A. McDonald, M.P., for tho best all-round Tjf play was awarded to S. Poison. The club also ^ presented E. Perry with a bat in recognition 3 of his services as secretary. %p Mannum, May 2S.— A number of gentle- -8 men assembled yesterday at the Mannum . y:tfi Hotel to say good-bye to Mr. John Shearer, ~M of tUe-firm of J. & D. Shearer, of this town, ^ who is leaving on a trip to Europe. His :'m object is to further the interests of the patent ..-?$ ploughshare trade, which during the present : % season has increased so much that three shifts '--M have been worked at the factory since lost ?§j January. A very pleasant evening was spent :-SS under the presidency of Mr. B. Baseby, and '?*£& many complimentary things were said of Mr. ? ^ Shearer. - ' ?$& Wallaroo, May 26.— The committee which -| wan formed to arrange for 6ome form of , ' S demonstration in honor of the Queen's ? 1 Diamond Jubilee intend celebrating the event * , ' ;- on June 26. As Saturday is more convenient ? -i^ for the smelters tbe tradespeople havo decided : . .y to keep that day as a holiday. The pro- ;?| gramme will include a procession, distribution -fffj of niedalB to children, sports on the Recrea- - l| tion Ground, and an entertainment in the *. ' |: Town Hall in the evening. The children will , ; . -*? receive refreshments on the Recreation ' /:?§ Grounds. The inmates of the local hospital ? : and gaol and also the poor of the town will-not be forgotten. A strong committee has been ' formed to carry out all arrangements. Petersborg, May 26.— The local town ', council is adopting a liberal public works policy, and in this way is providing employ ment for a number-of men in the district who would otherwise be unemployed. Main-street is being remctalled from end to end, and on Tuesday evening the council accepted tenders for the metalling of 40 chains in Bismarck- * street The council considered a com- ' mumcanon from the Mayor of James town inviting Petersburg to join in a central demonstration at Jamestown in con nection with tho Queen's record reign. The members of the council did not see their way to fall in with the suggestion, and appeared to favor a local demonstration. The Mayor (Mr. E. Palmer) said it had been proposed to com memorate the event at Petersburg by provid ing a central park, which was greatly needed. The principal difficulty in the way was the high price asked for land, but he thought this obstacle might be surmounted. Mr. Palmer said he had already been promised severa donations in the event of the project being proceeded with.. It was decided that the mayor should call a public meeting to consider the matter. Cr^tal Brook, May 25.— On Wednesday last an entertainment wasgiven in the Narridy Bible Christian Church by a party fr:m Crystal Brook. There waB a good attendance, and in the absence of Mr. A. McDonald the chair was taken by Mr. J. C. SymonB, Songs were rendered by the Misses Hewettj Syinons, G. Young, and Mr. G. A. Solomon. Misses Young and llewett, and Messrs. Ridgeway and Solomon contributed a chorus, and Master E. Miell and Mr. F. G. Johnson recited. The chairman and Mr. J. Mercer . : .-. gavo short addresses. May 27.— In the 'V Instituto Hall last night an entertainment was given by the Crystal Dramatic Company and othor amateurs in aid. of the family of ' Mr. John Roberts, who bos been incapacitated from work for some time through a serious accident. Tbe one-act comedy 'Written in Sand' was successfully given, the following being the cast of characters : — Frank Seaton, Mr. T. J. Gardiner; Fairfax Rendell, Mr. ** James Forgan; Tom Potts, Mr. E. Gold; Kate Shirley, Miss Gregory ; and Sister Wini fred, Miss Forgan. An amusing trifle entitled ' Wanted, a Cook,' was given by Misses D. L. Forgan, J. Pongelley, and D. B. Wilson. The second part commenced with a burlesque, ' Hamlet the Dainty,' tho parts of Harnleb, Horatio, Marcellus, the Ghost, and Osric being taken by Messrs. [E. Gold, Gardiner, J. and D. L. Foreran, and D. A. Yandell respectively. After an extraordinary exhibition of mesmerism by the company the entertainment concluded with a 'nigger' sketch, 'Do Ball is Going On,' which waa productive of much merriment The characters were taken by Messrs. Forgan Brothers, Gold, Gardiner, Wilson, and Fiddaman. There was a largo attendance, aud the proceeds were highly satisfactory, tho expenses being almost nil, through the kindness of Mr. W. Hancock, who did all the necessary printing at cost price, aud the liberality of the institute com mittee, who granted the use of the hall free, both for rehearsals aud entertainment Mr. E. Gold was stage manager, and Mr. Gardiner worked hard as hou. secretary to make the benefit a success. Mount Gambier, May 25. — The Mount Gambicr Hunt Club held their first ruu of the season at Benara yester day, and tbe day being a public holi day there was a large attendance of on lookers. There was also a fair field of fol lowers. A fox which haJ been preserved for the run *was lot loose, but after a short run Reynard was blocked by a wire-netted fen-jo, and the dogs were quickly upon him. The master, Mr. F. Williams, secured the brush. In the evening there was an entertainment on be half of the new plumpton fund, and Mr. Lane's Dramatic Company appeared in 'Mixed,' a three-act comedy. The Institute Hall was crowded in every part, and the affair was a decided success financially and otherwise. — It has been resolved to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee reign by entertaining tbe children within the Mount Gambier Bohool board dis trict. A large committee has been appointed to tako action, and they have arranged a system of canvassing for funds and goods. — The Mount Gambier Rabbit and Meat Pre serving Company's building is rapidly ap proaching completion, and it is hoped that ~ everything will be ready for a start within a te ?* '?':? month. An offer was received at the last m meeting of the directors to light the building by electricity, but they did not fee] justified in incurring the necessary expenditure at present. - — The annual rifle matches took place yester day, when 36 prizes, ranging from 2s. 6d. to £1, wore fired for. In the aggregate match Corporal Addema was highest with a score of 66, including a handicap of 8 points, Private Ewens coming next with 64, with a handicap of 12 points. In the Range Match Private Palmer scored 35, aud was top with 8 points ;?; handicap ; Privnte Addems was second with . _ ';' 34 and a 5 points handicap. In the All Comers Matoh Private Lewis was first with ; 35 and a handicap of 4 points, Private Shannon being second with 34 and a 4 points handicap. 