THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, AUTHOR OP "THE MANXMAN." XI. — (Continued.) . John's face darkened as a ripe cornfield does .when the sun dies away from It. "I am sorry to. tell you that tho trustees, hav ing bad a favorable offer for this property . "Well!" His great staring eyes had stopped we man. "Have decided to sell." "Sell? Did you say so— > - .To .whom . . What?" "To tell you tho truth, to the syndicate oLa music-hall." John staggered back, breathing audibly. "Now It a man had to believe that. . . Do you know, If I thought such a thing could happen . . ." "I'm sorry you talco tho matter so seriously, Father Storm. It's true you've spent money on the property, but believe me, tho trustees will derivo no benefit . . . . ." "Profit? Money? Do you suppose I'm think ing of that, and not of the desecration, the out rage, tho horror? But who are they? Is that man .... that Lord . . . ." Tho Greek had nodded his head, and John, opening tho door, cried, "Out of this! Out of tills, you Judas!" And almost before tho Greek had crossed tho threshold the door was banged at his back. The incident had been observed, and there was dead silence in the club room, but John only cried, "Let's sing something, girls," and when the Sister struck up his favorite "Nazareth," there was no voice so loud as liis voice. But he had realised everything. Gloria was coming back, and the work of months was over thrown 1 When ho was going homo groups of the girls were talking In whispers in tho hall, and Mrs. Plncher, who was wiping her eyes at the door, said, "I wonder you don't drown yourself, I do." At, tho corner of the lane Mr. Jupo was waiting for' liim to beg his. pardon, and to ask his advice. What ho had said of Mrs. Jupe had turned out to be true. The Sharkeys had "split" on her, and she had been arrested. "It was all in tho evenln' pipers last night," the weak creature whimpered. "Oh, my poor Lidjer! What am I to do?" "Do? Cut her off llko a rotten limb," said 'John, scornfully, and with that he strode down the street. Tho human sea roared around him, and he felt as if ho wanted to fling himself into tho midst of it and be swallowed up. Poor cham pion of women, thrown down and trodden on by the very woman in whose name ho had worked. On reaching Victoria-square he told Mrs. Cal- lender the news; flung it out at her' with a sort of triumphant shout. His church had been' sold over his head, and being only "Chaplain to the Greek-Turks," he was to bo turned into the streets. Then ho laughed wildly, and by somo devilish impulse began to abuse Glory. "Tho noxt chaplain is to bo a girl," he cried. "One of those creatures who live by their looks, and throw kisses ' at gaping crowds, and sweep curtsies for .their dirty crusts." But all at once he turned white as a ghost, and sat down trembling. Mrs. Calender's face was twitching, and to prevent herself from crying she burst into scorching satire. "There!" slio said, sitting in her rocking chair and rocking herself furiously,- "I kenn'd weel what it would come til! Adversity male's a man wise, they say, if it doesna mak' him rich; But it's the Prime Minister I blame for this. The auld dolt, he must be fallen to his dotage! It's enough to mak' a .reasonable body go out of her mind to think of sic .wise asses. I told you what to expect, but you- Y.'er always miscalling me for a suspicious auld woman. Oh, it's a thing ye'd no suspect, but Jane Callendcr is only a daft auld fool, ye see, and doesna ken what she's saying." But at tho next moment she had jumped up and flung her arms about John's neck, and was crying over him liko a girl. "Oh, my son! My ain son! And is it for me to fling out at ye? Aye, aye, it's a heartless world, laddie." He kissed the old woman, and then she tried to icoax him to cat. "Come, come, a wee bitee, just a wee bitee. We must eat our supper any way." "God seems dead, and heaven a long way off," he murmured. "And a drap o' whisky will do no harm — a wee tirapee." "There's only one thing clear — God sees I'm unfit for tho work, so He has taken it away from me." She turned aside from the table, and the supper iwas left untouched. The first post next morning brought a letter from Glory: — "Tho Garden House, "Clement's Inn, W.C. "Forgive me ! I have returned to . town ! I . couldn't help it, I couldn't, I couldn't! London dragged me back. What was I to do after every thing was settled and tho aunties provided for — assist in a dame's school and wage war with pothooks and hangers? Oh, I was dying of weari ness — dying, dying, dying. .... "And then they made me such tempting offers. Not the music-hall— don't think that. I daresay . you were quite right there. No, but the theatre, the regular theatre! Mr. Drake has bought some lroken-down old place, and is to turn it into a b'pauliful theatre- expressly for me. I am to play Juliet! Only think, Juliet, and in your own thea tre! Already I' feel liko a liberated slave who has crossed her Red Sea. ' "And don't think a woman's mourning is like the Polonian laws, which last but three days, i He is buried in my heart, not in the earth, and I shall love him and revere him always. And then didn't you tell me yourself it would not be right ;to allow his death to stop my life? "Write and say you forgive me, John. Reply by .return and make yourself your own postman — registered. You'll find me her at Rosa's. Come, come, come! I'll never forgive If You don't come ;Soon — never; never! "GLORY." > : -XII. A: fortnight had passed, and John Storm had Hot yet visited Glory. Nevertheless, he had ljeard of her from day to day by tho medium of 'the newspapers. Every morning he had glanced down the black columns for the name that stood out from them as if its letters had beon printed in blcod. The reports had been many and myste rious. First, the brilliant young artiste who had made such an extraordinary impression some months before had returned to London, and would shortly resume tho promising career which had been Interrupted by illness and family bereave ment. Next, tho forthcoming appearance would : be on' the regular stage and in a Shakespearian character, which was always understood to bo a crucial test of histrionic genius. Then the re vival of "Romeo and Juliet," which had formerly been in contemplation, would probably give way to the still more ambitious project of an entirely new production by a well-known Scandinavian author with n part peculiarly fitted to the per sonality and talents of tho debutant. Finally, a syndicate was about to be formed for the pur chase of some old property with a view to its reconstruction as "a theatre in tho interests of the new play and the now player. John Storm laughed bitterly. Ho told himself that Glory was unworthy of tho least of his thoughts. It wag his duty to go on with his work-, and think of her no more. Ho had received his official notice to quit. The church was to bo given up In a month, the clergy house in two months, and lie believed himself to be immersed in preparations for the rehousing of the club and home. Twenty young mothers and their children now lived in the upper rooms un der obedlenco to.'thd sisterhood, but Polly's boy had remained with Mrs. Plncher. From tlmo to time ho had seen .the little one tethered to a chair by a scarf about its waist, creeping by the wall to tho door, and there gazing out on to the world with looks of intelligence, and babbling to it in various inarticulate noises. The little dark face had the eyes of its mothor, but it repre sented Glory for all that. John Storm loved to see it. He felt that ho could never part with it, and. that if Lord Robert Uro himself came and asked for it he would bundle him out of doors. "Roo-hoo! Lal-ln? Mum-um?" As ho passed up tho lano he stopped at tho pawnshop door and kissed tlio little lins as they prattled and curled, and then kissed them again as they drooped ar.d fell, and something darkened tho little existence. But a carriage drew up at Mrs. Callender's one morning, and Lady Robert Uro stepped out. Her pale and patient face had tho feeble and norvons sntile of the humiliated and unloved. "Mr. Storm," she said in her gentle voice, "I have come on a delicate errand. I cannot de lay any longer a duly I ought to havo done be fore." It was about Polly's baby. She had heard of what had happened at the hospital, and the newspapers which had -followed her to Paris with rencirts of her wedding had contained re ports of the girl's death also. Since her return she had Inquired about the child, and discovered that II. had been rescued by him, and was now in ills careful keeping." "But it Is for mo lo look after it, Mr. Storm, and I beg of you to give it up to mo. Some thing tells mo that God will never give mo any children of my own, so I shall he doing no harm to anyone, and my liuslcnd need never know whose child it is I adopt. I promlso vou to he good to It. it shall never leave me. And if it should live to ho a mnii ami grow to love me, that will help lite to forget the past and to forgive myself for my own share in It. Oh, it is little I can do for the poor girl who Is gono, for, after all, she loved lilra, and I took him from her. But this is my duty, Mr. Slorm, and I ' cannot sleep at night or rest in tho day until it in begun." ' "I don't know it it is your duty, dear lady, hut if you wish for the child it is your right," said John Storm, nnd they got into tho carriage and drovo to Soho. "Boo-loo! ' Lal-la! Mum-um! Tho child was tethered to the chair as usual, aud talking to the world according to its wont. When it was gono; and tho woman on the door- steps could see no more of tho fine carriage of the great lady who had brought the odor of perfumo and the rustle of Silk Into the dingy court, and ..Mrg. Pincher had turned back to the house with red eyes and her widow's cap awry, John Storm told himself that everything was for the best. Tho last link with Glory was broken! Thank God for that! He might go on with his work now, and need think of her no more! That day he called at Clement's inn. The Garden House was a pleasant dwelling, fronting on two of its sides to the garden of the ancient Inn or' court, and cosily furnished with many curtains and rugs. The Cockney maid who answered, the -door was familiar in a moment, and during the short passage from tho ball to the floor above, she communicated many things. Her name was Liza; she bad heard him preach; he had made ber cry;. "Miss Gloria" had known her former mistress, and Mr, Drake had got her the present place. There was a sound of laughter from the draw ing-room. It was Glory's voice. When the door opened sho was standing in the middle of tho floor in a black dross, and with a pale face, but her eyes were bright, and she was laughing mer rily. She stopped when John Storm entered, and looked confused and ashamed. Drake, who was lounging on the couch, rose and bowed to him, and Miss Macquarrie, who was correcting long slips of printer's proofs at a desk by tho window, came forward and welcomed him. Glory held his hand with her long hand clasp, and looked stead fastly into his eyes. His face twitched, and her own blushed deeply, and then she talked in a ner vous and jerky way, reproaching him for his neg lect of her. "I have been busy," he began, and -then stopped with a sense of hypocrisy. "I mean worried and tormeDted," and then stopped again, for Drake had dropped his head. She laughed, though there was nothing to laugh at, and proposed tea, rattling along in broken sen tences that were spoken with a tremulous trill, which had a suggestion of tears behind it. "Shall I ring for tea, Rosa?. Oh, you have rung for tea! Ah, here it comes! Thank you, Liza! Set it here," seating herself. "Now, who says the 'girl'? Re member!" and then more laughter. At that moment there was another arrival — It was Lord Robert Ure. Ho kissed Rosa's hand, smiled on Glory, saluted Drake familiarly, and then settled himself on a low stool by tho tea- table, pulled up the knees of his trousers, re laxed tho congested muscles of one half of his face and let fall his eyeglass. Drake was handing out tho cups as Glory filled them. He was looking at her attentively, vexed pt the change in her manner since John Storm entered. When he returned to his seat on the sofa he began to twitch the ear of her pug, which lay coiled up asleep beside him, calling it an ugly little pestilence, and wondering why sho carried it about with her. Glory protested that it was an angel of a dog, whereupon he sup posed it was now dreaming of paradise. Listen. And then there were audible snores in tho si lence, and everybody laughed, and Glory screamed. "I declare on my honor, my dear,", said Drake, with a mischievous look at John, "the creature is uglier than the beast that did the business on the day we eloped.!' "Eloped!" cried Rosa and Lord Robert to gether. "Why, did you never hear that Glory eloped with me?" Glory was trying to drown his voice with hol low laughter. "Sho was 7 and I was €%, and she had pro posed to me In .the orchard the day before." "Anybody have more tea? No? Some Sally Lun, perhaps?" and then more laughter. "Hold your tongue, Glory. Nobody wants your tea. Lot us hear the etory,!' said Rosa. "Why, yes, certainly," said Lord Robert, and everybody laughed again. "Sho was all for travel and triumphal proces sions in those days . -. . ." Glory stopped her ears and began to sing, "Willy. Willy Wilkin, Kissed the Maid Amilkin', Fa, la, la." "There were so many things people could do if they wouldn't waste so much time, working. . ." "Willy, Willy Wilkin, Kissed the Maid . . "Glory, if you don't be quito. we'll turn yo out," and Rosa got up, and flourished her proofs. "I had brought my pug, and when I called her a . . . ." But Glory had leapt to her feet, and fled from tho room. Drake had leapt up also, and now put ting his back against the door, he raised his voice, and went on with his story "Somebody saved us, though, and she lay in his arms, and kissed him all the way home again." Giory was strumming on the door and singing to 'drown his voice. When the story was ended, and she was allowed to como back, she was panting and gasping with laughter, but there were tears in her eyes for ail that, and Lord Robert was say ing, with a sidelong look towards John Storm, "Really, this ought to bo a scone in the new Slgurdson, don't you know!" John had retired within himself during this non sense. . I-Ie had been feeling an Intense hatred of the two men, and was looking as gloomy as deep water.' "All acting, sheer acting," lie thought, and then he told himself that Glory was only worthy of his contempt. What could attract her in the society of ouch men? Only their wealth, their social station. Tlieu 1 11 Irll'jc Uml and r.i-ui atmosphere must weary and revolt her. Rosa had to go to her newspaper ofiice, and Dralco saw her to the door. John rose at the same time, and Glory said, "Going already?" but sho did not try to detain him.' She would see him again;. she had much to say to him. "I suppose you were surprised to hear that I had returned to London?" she said, looking up at his knitted He did not answer immediately, and Lord Ro bert, who was leaning aginst tho chlmnoyplcce, said in his cold drawl, "Your .friend ought to be happy that you havo returned to London; seems to me, my dear, instead of wasting your life in that wilderness." John drew himself up. His pride was wounded by the light tone of tho man's familiarity. ' It s not London I object to," he said. "That was in evitable, I dare say." "What then?" .. "The profession she has como hade to follow. "Why what's amiss with the profession?" said Lora Robert, and Drake, who returned to the room at tho momont, said, "Yes, what's amiss with it? Some of the best men in tho world have belonged to it, I think." "Tell me tho name of one of them since tne world began who ever lived an active Christiun I life." I Lord Robert made a kink of laughter, and turn- ; ing to tho window began to play a tune with his linger tips on tho glass of a pane. Drake struggl- j ed to keep a straight face and answered, | "That is not tholr role, sir." "Very well, If that's too much to ask, tell me I how many of. them havo done anything in real ! life, anything for the world, for humanity, any- | thing whatever; I don't care what it is." "You are unreasonable, sir," said Drake, and such objections could as properly apply to tho professions of the painter and the musician. These are tho children of joy. Their first function is to amuse. And surely amusement has its place in real life, as you say." "On the contrary," said John, following his own thought, for he had not listened; "how many of them havo lived lives of reckless abandonment, solf-lndulgence, and oven scandalous licence?" "Those are abuses that apply equally to other professions, sir. Even the Church is not free from them. But in view of reasonable beings one clergyman of evil life, nay, one. hundred, would not make tho profession of the clergy bad." ... , "A profession," said John, "which appeals above all to the senses, and lives on tho emotions, and fosters jealousy and vanity and backbiting, and develops duplicity and exists on lies, and does nothing to encourage self-sacrifice, or to help suffering humanity, is a bad profession and a sinful one." "If a profession is sinful," said Drake, ' in de gree as it appeals to the senses and lives on the emotions and develops duplicity, then the pro fession of tho Church is the most sinful in the world, for it offers the greatest temptations to lying, and produces tho worst hypocrites and im postors;" "That," said John, with eyes flashing and pas sion vibrating in his voice, "that, sir, Is the great liar's everlasting lie — and you know it!" Glory was between them with uplifted hands. "Peace, peace! -Blessed is the peacemaker. But tea! "Will nobody take more tea? Oh, dear! Oh, denr! Why can't we have tea over again?" "I know what you mean, sir." said Drake. "You mean that I havo brought Glory back to a life of danger and vanity and sloth and sensu ality. Very well! I deny your definition; but call it what you will, I havo brought her back to tho only llfo her talents are fit for, and if that's all ..." "Would you havo done tho samo for your own sister?" "But how daro you introduce my sister's name In this connection?" "And how daro you resent it? What's good for ono woman is good for another." Glory was turning aside, and Drako was look ing ashamed. "Of course — naturally — all I meant." ho faltered—" If a girl has lo earn her living, whatever her talents, her genius— that is one tiling— but tho -upper 'classes— I mean the llesurod classes " "Damu the, loiBured classes, sir," said John, aud in the silence that followed the men looked round, hut Glory was gone from the room. Lord Robert, who had been whistling at the window, said to Dralco in a cynical undertone, "The man is hipped and sore. He has lost his challenge, . and wo ought to make allowances for him, don't you know?" Drake tried to laugh. "I'm willing to make allowances," ho said, lightly, "but when a man talks to mo as if— as if I meant to " But the light tone broke down, and lie faced round upon John, and burst out passionately, "What right havo you to talk to me like this? What is there in my character, in my life,- that justi fies it? What woman's honor have I betrayed? Wbat have I done that is unworthy tbo cha racter of an English gentleman?" (To bo Continued.) 