A ST.KLiNwSHIRE PLOUGH MAN'S STORY. Wo were gathered round tho bothy Ore one. cold winter night when tliu conversation turned on ghosts Each membor of tbo company had somo thrilling tale to toll, either of his own ox porience, or that of someone else, and when it came to Bob MoVrrs' turn he remnrked, ' I sup pose, boys, none'o^'you over heard mo tell of my exporjenco ?' ' Never,' we chorused. ' Let's 'beat'it, Bob.?',.aiid ha began ns follows .— 'Somo fifteen years ago 1 was serving at [B|rnkeud,.ou tho west side of Denny 1 was second man on the farm, and shared tho bothy with two other young fcilowa, and a harem scarum aet we wero ; few ploys occurred in tbo di8triot that wo'had uo hand in. How well I remember the midnight raid we pluuncd on an old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood about half a mile from tho farm Tho night selected was well suited for our purpose, thero being no moon. Reaching the gardou, wo scaled the wall, and iu a short time had our pockets well lined with apples, besides filling a small sack, when tho owner of the riueyard suddenly appeared. Bob Jones, who was on the top of the wall with the bag, dropped safely on tho other side, ind ire lost no time in following. ' But tbo old fellow wna not to be done so truck. . About half-way to tbo farm we came upon an old deserted mansion called llowan bank, wbich stood by ube sido of tbe road, and bad the reputation of being haunted. Never ve-ry particular at any time we wero less so now, and had scarcely concealed ourselves in one of lDwer rooms when fto old fellow came, puffing up. He paused irresolutely opposite the house, apparently uncertain whether we might not have taken refuge there. Just then u blood curdling yell issued from the building, and he immediately look to his heels and away back the road hn enme.*, ' You will suppose, no doubt, that we were convulsed with laughter at this, but, if so, you were never more mistaken. We crouched in a corner of the. room too'terrified to move. Sud denly, without., warning, an inner door opened and a tall white figure bearing a lighted lnutsrn appuared on the threshold. Thin was too much, and with a wild jush we reached the window, and tumbled out'.' Quickly rsgainine our feet we struck a bes lino for the farm, arriviug there without mishap. ' Next day we heard that ' Daft Jack,' tho villago ' natural,' was boasting how he had frightened some chaps at the ' big boose ' the night before, and we were inclined to believe bis statement, when, on investigation, we found that the bag of fruit left behind in our hurry had disappeared. As we had a two-fold object, however, iu keeping silent on the subject, Jcck was allowed to remain muster of tho situation. 