A Perilous Position, ' f CPOMIBHED B SrECHnABBiNQElBNT.) - By MARY ALBERT, ' L Author of "Tho Luokiest Man in the World," "Tho Bride of aDay," "Brooke- - EnohleyV Daughter," " A Hidden Terror," "Belia'e Story," , ' The Shelling of tho Pciis," Sc., &o.; Copyright. | synopsis of previous chapters. Chapters I aud II.— Thorpolnigli is with out its vicar, who had mysteriously disap peared, no ono know vvhuro. Margaret Thorpeieigh, an lioircss, is iu lovo with a handsome man of doubtful character, the Hon. Godfrey Byng. Mrs. Beeeli, her auut, leaves on a visit to a .sister in America, and during ber absence the couple meet each other. A suspicion attaches to Byng, who was last seen m the vicar 8 oompany, but tno cvi- denco is of tlie slightest, and he is nt once liberated. Margaret is' surprised nt a visit from u young man named Ernest Truemun, who states' that his inothor's maiden name was Lnmin Thorpeieigh, aunt to Margaret. Chapters III. asd IV. — Margaret, after tho departure of lier strange visitor, tolls the story to a friend staying in the house, Lady Hurley, who is very fearful as to tho scandal that might ensue. Margaret rolioves hoi- by telling her to leave tho Court next duy. God frey Byng, her lover, writes in answer to her letter to him, that ho is ruined, and tells her to forget him. Byng, calling upon a rich , friend, Reginald Olford, begs of him to write it farewell letter to Margaret, telling her that ' ho is hopolessly involved, and is 'resolved to , commit euicido. He then rushes madly down ' the stairs and leaves the house. Chapters V. and VI. — Same time after the departure of Godfrey Byng, Reginald receives a letter from him, 'saying he would not do the deed in his own rooms, and hoped it would ho thougnt that lie had simply disappeared. Margaret' is distracted on hearing tho news. Martin Law-ford, u boy of IS, son of Sir Ber tram and Lady Lawford, resolves to leavo England und seek his fortnuo in Manitoba, and tho sumo day Emmie, his sister, and the rector's son resolve to clopo together. Chapters VII. amd VIII. — Tlio escape of Martin,' and tlio elopement, of Leigh Furrowos and Emmie are accidentally frustrated. On their return homo Martin undEmmio discover a. plan to kidnap tho infant heir of Airton Castle, but this is prevouted by the young people's prompt action.' CHAPTER IX.— ( Continued.) PANTING, tho old man made what linsto ho' could, tho young ono following in a fever of anxiety. Theirs was, indeed, an exciting quest. Jjittlo Basil missing ! If so, it would kill his grandparents, for tho child was tho hopo of their house. A dim light wus visible in one of the rooms at the far end of the . corridor ; down this Lord Fitz rough led the way, panting out : ' It is tlie night nursery.' ' Leigh hurried on, and pushed open the door, his quick glance taking in, on tho instant, the nurse heavily asleop, ' and tho empty cot beside her bed ! ' 'The child is gone!' gasped the old h man, iu an agonised tone. ' AVe must search the house — wo ! must sot the polico on tho alert!1 ! responded Leigh. There wus a movement in nn inner j apartment, and in a panic of terror, the uudor-nurso roused from sleep, hurried h out wrapped in a cloak, f Oli, my lord !' cried she, recognising Lord Fitzreagl). ' Someone has carried .off tho hoy !' i said ho in a frenzied tone. ' Did you hear nothing ? Speak !' And he clutched f her arm firmly. 'Not a sound, my loid,' she stam mered, now trembling violently and ' bursting into tears. The entrance of someone caused them r to look round, and Emmie Lawford, wearing more tlie appearance of a ghost . than of a living maiden, 'advanced in i great agitation. ' Tlio thief is somewhere in the castle, ; I believe, ' said sho, ' for it was ho who : kuockcd Martin down after my brother had sounded the gong as an alarm.' . ' l'lion wo may yot save Bnsil !' This remark cumo from Lord Fitz- reagh. No ono thought of questioning Emmie as to why sho was there — the ' danger was too pressing and too awful. 'Lot us separato, my lord,' said Loigb, ' and search every cranny. Call up any of tlio servants who aro iu tho house,' added ho to tho frightened .undcr-nurse. ' Then began a' search into every nook and cranny ; nor was Eiumio the least of thoso eager iu tlio work notv that Martin had so far' recovered. Seizing a light, sho courageously took lier pavt, going fearlessly onward into room after room, followed by tho trembling uurso- muid — but though thoy cried ' Basil ! Basil ! ' in thu hopo that a cry from tho littlo fellow might" answer thorn, nono camc. Nor was Lord Pitzrongli idle, though . lie wus quite uwnro that ho wiis no match for . any youugor man whom ho might cncountor ; while, as for Leigh, ho was dashing from eorridor to corridor, and down to evory exit to mako suro whothor tho child- stealor' had escaped or;no.' the way be encountered a timid group — three', maids and a stableman — who) roused from sleep, .had dressed hastily, and did not yet realise what had happoned. : ' Lord Basil has been stolen from his cot!' cried 'Loigh. ' Holp to seai-oh the castle ! ', ' ; Half one', 'dreadful hour : -lind been consumed in this way, and still littlo Basil had not : heon discovered! ! Yot Leigh and everyone else who . was aiding in the : soavoli hold ifirmly to tho persua sion .that the .littlo hoy aud his cuptor woro ' still somewhere in . tlie wide man sion ; a pluoe full of noolcp and corners, ; turnings aud windings. No doors' being opon below had caused thorn to main tain. -this 'opinion', ,for (tho. .'thief must' havo been unable to retrace his '"''way through tlio breakfast' ..room, /, since ' Emmie lmd carried away tho koy. \ ' As Leigli paused in an upper .passage, asking . himself what next -was : to ho dono, Emmio's quiok oars caught a faint sound, whioh seemed to come, from the gasping lips of a' young child. ' Basil !' sho screamed out ; and once more, faint and distant, the lialf- straugled child responded. Swept Out of herself by her keen anxiety for the little boy, alio darted along tho passage, nnd as she went, her Hying feet brushed against something — a dainty, pale blue silk wrap, which the little fellow wus accustomed to wear when in his cot, i'hccnuso lie yyould continually toss his arms above his head, thus throwing off the clothes. ' Leigh !' cried Emmie, holding it on high; 'the child must liavo been taken this way, and this corridor lends to the roof !' Ha! 'they were on the right track at lost. Unable to mnke his exit below, the- miscreant must have gained, tho roof, and what might not happen to the tender littlo Basil if his captor was desperate and made a false step ! ' ' Two or three of you men follow me !' cried , Leigh, springing up the stairway which led to the short, narrow ilight opening on to the lends. By this time, although the indoor servants had not returned from the dance, a groom, one oi- two of the gardeners, and the stableman aforesaid had collected in -tlie castle, and were assisting in the search, led now entirely by Leigh, for poor old Lord Eitzreagh had found that his day for going up and down the many stairs, and of being deprived of his usual rest, was past. Quite worn out, he had sunk down on a chair in the liall, leaving, perforce, to others the quest for his little kinsman. Emmie, too, had sunk upon a chair in the upper passage, and waited iu sicken ing, susponse to learn Basil's fate, and licro Martin found lier, and crept — quite overdone and mastered by his emotions — to her side. ' I can't stay here,' Emmie,' cried he, stalling up a moment after. ' I must see what thoy are doing on the roof.' ' No, don't go,' she answered. There aro enough without you.' ' I'll only take a look, Emmie.' And' ho Lad left her before .she could detain him. Tlie hoy, still weak, stumbled up the steps whinh gavo on to tho roof, gazing in wild alarm over the fiat space, intor- sporscd with battlements and twisted chimneys, while in the uncertain light, half of darkest shadow half brightened by tho moonbeams, he could distinguish tlio forms of several poisons moving about — Loigh and his companious, of course. But as ho still gazed onoof the narrow, dark chimneys appeared to detach itself from its fellow chimnoys, and to crouch behind thorn, and to lio so motionless there that it seemed to he only a part of the deep shadow. ' It is the thief!' thought Martin, liis youthful heart leaping wildly; 'hut what he done 'with Basil ?' A dreadful idea paralysed him for a moment— had the man thrown the Child over tho battlements? But Martin pushed it from him, and sprang ou to the roof. Tho thief saw liim coming, and with ono sharp, well-directed blow, laid tho hoy proBti-ate and half-stunned, before Leigh or liis helpers (dispersed all about the 'straggling place) knew what was going on; and Martin's assailant had dashed from the roof within the.liouso again, and had hidden in a brush ploset, which lind already been well searched, and thus gave lii's pursuers the slip. Even -Emmie had not detected any noise, as the villain stole into liis hiding-place. No wonder, perhaps, since his soft overshoes deadened all sound. And there lie lay, perdu, until a moment for escape should arrive. ' ' There he is, sir,' said one of Leigh's lielpors, espying the prostrate Martin, and mistaking him for the thief. 'Is he insensible, or shamming?' oried Leigh, bending down. And then lie recognised Martin. "Who was to tell whether tho hoy had stumbled and struck his head against one of. tho numerous projections near him, or had been felled by u blow ? They carried him down into the now desorted passage, for Emmie was no longer there, and placing the hoy on a bed in the nearest room, and leaving a couple of men to watch the exit from the roof, Leigli , front below for aid. Eminio, howevor, had not abandoned hov watch for no purpose. "Whilst waiting in the deserted pass age tho girlj hor ears continually on the stretch, imagined that she again de tected that feeble cry which had before roused hor attention. It was a long way off, .but more distinct than hoforo, and, starting up, sho pursued it, Which way was it borno ? Not from tho roof, suroly. No, it was rather from the very end of tho long corridor, or evcii still furthor off, that the strange, mufilcd cry floated to hor ears. The sound could hardly bo called a cry, but it sot hor- pulses tingling, ' and sho tromblingly wont on in the direction whence 'the sound had proceeded. Thon sho ' paused, listening intently, now . turning an anglo in the corridor, and she -was thus out of tho way of the villain who' lay concealed in the brush closot. As-. for him, risking everything, ho .orepirwith. Bnako-like movements from tho olosot into 'a short passago, pbuscd, concealed himself, ' w;oht on again, turned,, doubled, till lio came on a flight of stairs, down whioh ho slid, all tho time listening anxiously. Voices, moro- meiit,- floated - up from below, but he was still undetected. A little more hardihood might take him safoly through the midst of. his enemies. Turmuginihc contrary direction to footsteps which wero approaching liiin, going now up, now gliding down book stairs, ho found himself at length at tlio head of the grand staircase, having actually just pussed'ono of- the flurried maidB, who mistook him for one of tlie men who hadhccn'up to search the roof! Now if. ho could only gain the hall, open the door for himself, and make his exit, lie was saved. - Tlie villain knew tlmt he was playing a' desperate game for freedom, > aud ho dared not hesitate. Now for it. Flinging himself down by Die handsomely - onrved balusters, he reached the foot of tlie staircase. But not unseen. Two women servants wero at that moment crossing tho hull. They stared at him. Ho dodged |he, and -then they uttered a cry, : ' Stbp that,' he-' said savagely, and fled -.towards the- entrance! ' iAnd -ho had. turned tho key, withdrawn(ai;holt, and throwing hack the door had dashed out into the night before anyone could arrest; him, for ho struck out at the women with a weapon lio held, nnd the men arrived only to know that the thief had escaped. ' But the child !' gasped Leigh. '_ ' Ho had not got tho child' with him, sir,', 'insisted the: terrified women. The other men had followed helter- skelter into tho grounds, and Leigh was about to pursue also, when Emmio's voice, calling strangely from above, and uttering a kind of joyful scream, attracted his. attention. . ' ' "What is it ?' ashed he, dashing up two steps at a time. ' Basil ! "I hove found him. Basil ! ' sho ejaculated, as if beside herself with joy. 'Is ho hurt ? "Whore did you find him, Emrnio?' gasped ' Leigli, in strong excitement, taking tlio littlo follow (who now began to scream) from her anus. ' I found liirn in a linen basket with the lid pressed down. Oh, Leigli, is he hurt?' A.n excited group was by this time gathered at the head oE the stairs, and it was Leigli only who retained sufficient command over himself to say, ' Let Lord Eitzreagli be informed immediately, and Mr. Martin Lawford.' A procession was noxt formed towards the nursery, and thither the sobbing Basil was carried. Poor little fellow, dazed by. having found himself in the m-ms of a strange man and hurried about from one part of the castle to another, and finally, ns the man realised that lio was trapped, thrust into a largo upright basket in a deserted passage, 'it was not surprising that he should cry piteously. But all his weeping did not awaken tho head nurse, who still lay in a heavy slumber on tho hod. It was a good while boforo the child.4 could be soothed. Lord Pitzreagh oamo liurryiug up to see the restored boy, and never had Emmie Lawford seemed fairer to his ..eyes than as slio walked up aud down the nursery with Basil in lier arms. Martin, a good deal shaken by his last encounter with tho child-stealor, came too, hut ho felt weak and dazed, and asked his sister ' if thoy could not go home.' And now when the worst was over, and everybody was relieved from tho appulliug fear which had hesot thorn concomiug Basil, the polico arrived, followed soon afterwards by tbo servants who had been to the dance. And so groat had been tho confusion that it wus only now that Leigh, together with Lord Fitzrcagli, hud tiino to inquiro how it wus that Euimic aud hor brother found themselves ut the eastle. It was Martin who explained very confusedly, but he did not mean peoplo to find occasion to talk about his sister. ' "Well, I suppose I.ought to confess,' began he, ' that our being here came about through my intention to run away from home. I meant to go and seek my fortune in America, finding it so dull at our place. ' And ono is always told that you can get land for nothing, and I liko adventure.' 'Upon my word, young sir, you astonish me !' exelaimed Lord E'itz- l'cogli. 'But your wild idea of emi grating has, in' some way, saved the house of Airton from a terrible sorrow.' 'Yes, my lord,' returned Martin, looking up, ' and as that good has come of it I hopo you will ask my father not to ho too hard upon me, you know.' ' You may be certain I will do my very best, my brave boy! But your sister here — you surely did not persuade her to accompany you ?' ' Oh, no. I never said a word to her or to anyone.- But you- see any noise is easily' heard in the dead of night, and so, I suppose,' (stammering) 1 my sister must hare heard me go out, and so fol lowed me ' 'Ah! now I can understand Miss Emmicis presence oil the scene. But pray continue.' ' Well, my lord, she and I — I mean I had agreed to go back with her, and, at loast to give up tho idea of starting to night. We wero in our park, under tho trees, when we overheard a couple of men talking of carrying off little Basil — though they did not say so in plain words. But we understood! There was no timo to call for help, and Emmie insisted on going with me, so we ran through tho wood, knowing that tho thief had gone by the road. In this way wo saw him onter the castle by tho breakfast-room window, which was opon, and we followed, meaning to ring the ularni boll, but tho rope had been put out of the way.' to be CONTnnjED.l 