SHORT STORIES. HOW NERo'S kPLANl WERE OYER THROWN. A SCENE IN THE CIRCUS. (Continued.) Duller '.and duller, hoarser and hoarser, mo:re and more painful grelw the groan of the bull as it -mingled with the whistling breath from :the breast of the giant. The-head of the beast turned more, and more, and from his jaw?s came a long, foaming tongue. A moment' more, and to the ears of splectators sitting nearer came as it were 'the crack of breaking bones; then the beast rolled ai the eartlh with 'his neck twisted in death. The giant removed in a twinkle the ropes ifrom 'the horns of ?the bull, and, raising the maiden, lbegan to breath hurriedly. His face ,became pale, his -hair stuck together from .sweat,. his sehouldcrs and arms seemed flooded with water. For a 'moment lhe. sto'od as if only:half conscious, then he raised his eyes and looked at the spectators. The amphitheatre-h'dialgone wild.. T'he walls of the building -. were trembling from the roar of tens of thousands of people. Since .the begin ning of spectators there was nol memory of such ,excitement. Those hlio ,were sitting on the highest roews came down, crowding in the passages between benches to look more nearly at the strong man. Everywhere 'were heard cries for mercy, 'passionate and per sisitent, 'whilch soon ,turned into one un broken 'thunder. That giant had become dear to those people enamoured of physical strenggbh; 'he was the first personage in Rome. He understood that the multitude were, striving 'to grant him his life and re-store his freedoim, 'but clearly his thought .was not on hi'mself alone. He looked around 'awhile, then: ap proac'h'ed Caesar's podium;" and, hold ing the body of the maiden on his out stretched arms-, raised his eyes with entreoaty, as if to say: "Hlave mercy on lher! Save the maiden. I did that for her sake!" The spectators understood perfectly what he wanted. At sight of the un conscious maiden, who near the enor mous Lygian 'seemed a child, 'emotion seized the multitude of senators and klni'ghts. Her slender form, as white as if chiselled from alabaster; her fainlting, the dreadful, danger from which the giant ~ad treed her, and finally -herl beauty and attadhment, had moved every helart. Some 'thought the man a father begging ,mercy for his child. Pity burst forth suddenly like a flame. They 'had had blood, death, and -torture -in sufficiency. Voices, choked with tears, began to entreat mercy for both. Mean,while Ursus, holding 'the girl in his arms, moved around the 'are.a, and with his eyes and with motions begged her life for her. Now Vihaicius started up from 'his sealt, sprung over the barrier which separated the front places from the 'arena, and r?unning to Ly-gi'a, covered her naked body with his toga. Then he tore apart the tunic on his breast, laid bare the stars left by wounds areceived in the Armenian war, and stretched out 'his lhands to the audience. Then the enthusilasm of the multi tude passed everything seen in a circus before. The crowd stamped and howled.' Voi'es calliing for mercy grew simply terrible. People not only took the part of the athlete, but rose in defence of the soldier, 'the maiden, their love. 'Thousand's of spectators turned to Caesar ,vith flashes of anger in their eyes and with clenched fists. Buit Caesar halted and' hieisitated. Against Vinicius he hiad no hatred, in deed, 'and 'the death of Lygila.did not concern dhim; but 'he preferred to see thfe body of the maiden rent by the horn's of the bull 'or tornlby the claws of beasts. 'His cruelty, his deformed imagination and deformed desires, found 'a kind of delight in such s.pectacles. And now the people wanted to. rob hlim. Hence anger appeared on 'his bloated face. Self-love also would not yet him yield to 'the wish of the multitude, and still he did neot dare to oppose it, through his inborn cowardice. So he gazed around to see if among the Augus'tians at least he could not find fingers turned down in sign of death. But petronius held up his .hand, and looked almhnost olHallengir.gly into Nero's face. Vestinius, super stitious, but inclined to enthusiasm, a man who feared ghosts, but not the living, gave a sign for mercy also. So did Scevinus, the senator; so did Nerva, so did Tullius Senecio, so did the famous leader Ostorious Scapula, and Antistius, and Piso, and Vetus, and Crispinus, and Minucius Tremus, and Pboutius Telesinus, and ithe most im portant of all, one honoured by the people, Thrasea. In view of this Caesar took the emerald froant his eye with an expres sion. of contempt anid offence when Tigellinus, whose desire was to spite Petroniits, turned to, him an;d said: "Yield not, divinity; we have the pretorians." Then Nero turned to? the place where command. over the pretorians was held by the stern Subrius Flavius, hitherto devoted with 'whole soul to him, and saw something unusual. The face of the old tribune was stern, but covered with tears, and he was holding his hand up in sign of mercy. Now rage began rtol possess the multi tude. . Dust rosel from beneath the stamping feet, andi.. filled the.:amphi theatre. In the midst of. shouts. were heard cries: "Ahenobarbus! M:iricide! Incendiary!" Nero was alarmed! The people were absolute lords of the circus. r'orme~ r Caesa.rs, and especially Caligula, had permitted themselves sometimes to go against popular dessire; ithis, however, called forth disturbances always, going sometimes to bloodshed. But Nero was in a different position. First, as a comiedian. and a singer, he needed the people's favour; second, he wanted it on his side agaist the Senate andl the particians. He looked once more at Subbrius Flavitus, at Soevinus, the centurion; a relative of the senator; at the soldiers, and seeing everywhlere frowning faces moved faces, and eyes fixed on him, he gave the sign for mercy. Then a thlunder of appilause, was heard from the highest seats to the lowest. The people were sure] of the live's of ,the condemne:d, for from that moment they went under their protec tion, and even Caesar would not have da-red to pursue them any longer with his vengeance. (Concluded.) 