TOM, DICK AND HARRY. We have now before us a full list of the Convention candidates, and an amusing ten minutes may be spent in studying them. Let us say at the outset that we regret to learn that at the last moment rtir IV. 1', Manning declined to allow himself to be nominated. His absence from the Conven tion will be a national loss, for tbere are few, if any, public men in Australia so far seeing and so practical. Kir William is a young, vigorous, and whole-souled Austra lian, with a sure aud firm grasp of the principles of government, and what is equally important at this crisis, of the principles of commercial life. He has tlie ability of Sir Thomas Ucliwrailh, without tbe failings and the self-confidence of the Queensland statesman. Sir William is the only man of note we miss in tbe list. For the ten seats there are 49 candidates. The first is Mr J C Watson, M.r, a com positor by trade, who now lives as a labor politician. He is raw and inexperienced. W F Schey, who gives his occupation as Secretary of the National Protection League, an ex-Labor man and ex-ireelrader, and a formidable wind-bag. Thomas Bawden, of Grafton, a forgotten politician of no imior t&nce.; W Hughes, M.P, an ex-umbrella repairer, now a labor member: VV P Crick, M.P, sodciter, a good constitutionalist, hut an erratic politician; Richard Sleatta, M.P, miner, of Broken Hill riot fame ; W S Dowel, a rejected M.P, a melancholy figure at the Sydney street corners ; Frederick Flowers, a Domain orator, who once came scenting a seat in (tundagai, and an undesirable ele ment in any pnblic gathering. The next candidate is Mr Lyne, leader of the Oppodtion. We fear Mr Lyne has nst given much attention to the federal problem, bnt he is an able man, and no donbt be will be of assistance in the deliberations. His election is also desirable, inasmuch as he will be ipader of the Opposition when the Commonwealth Bill to be framed by the Convention is brought, before Parliament. And he may be Premier, and „his assistenoe will then be needed. To reject him for these and other reasons would be a great mistake. ED Millen, M. P, journalist, pro. prietor of the Bourke newspaper, is a young man, as is also Mir Ashto'n, another young pressman, and member for Hay. Mr it E O Connor, in a private letter, says he would ike to see Messrs Millen and Asbton elected. Mr O'Connor's opinion must carry great weight. E W Abbott, the newspaper letter writer, is also nursing a forlorn hope. He has no chance. Then comes Cardinal Moran, whose election is certain. The ? Daily Telegraph ' and other papers ridicule the attempts that are being made to arouse sectarian bigotry against him. James Martin, the ironmonger, is also on the list, but he will not be among the ten selected, and there is no strong reason why he should be. Sir Joseph Abbott, the Speaker of the Honse, is also a candidate ; he would not be missed, and besides he is a lawyer, and too many lawyers are not desirable. John Bridge, the wool-broker, is nominated. We thought his friends would not bave allowed him to go to the poll. This newborn desire ?f his for such distinguished public honors pasBeth human understanding. John Fer guson, of Broken Hill fioi fame, W G Spence, the strike organiser, aud W A Hol mau, the Domain orator of ? Daily Post ' fame, come next ; and at their heelB we find A H Griffiths, labor M.P, who puts on more side With lesB reason than any other man in the House ; George Black, who is Somewhat notorious; the letder of the labor party, Mr UcGowen, who admitted in Gundagai that he ha9 ,not patience to read anything about federation, and that he gets his ideas by ' listening to blokes talking ' ; G T A Miller, the mournful member for Cooma, and John Haynes, M. P, who- would make a good model for a figure representing Audacity. Mr J T Walker has made the best attempt at the solution of the financial problem up-to-date, and although unused to politics, his services would be of great value at the Convention. Edmund Barton, the leader of the- federal movement, will pro bably -be returned at tbe head of the poll. He is shaky on the railway .question, but he is opento conviction. The railways should, if possible, be federated, and We a re glad to notice that this view is taken by Mr Wise. If onfederated the war of differential rates will be as bad as the war of tariffs, and the pro ducers will- gain little by federation. Mr McMillan, who represents the com mercial element, should be returned by a big majority. He is t thorongh federalist. Who is Henry Dawson of Enmore ? Is he one of the many political failures one meets abont the colony 7 the Convention wonld not lose much by the rejection of Brace Smith, as it is possible to - have too many barristers. If John Norton were net so erratic, hie ability wonld give him good claims to a seat oh the Convention. Henry Copeland, the ex- Minister for Lands, should be elected, as he is an able, liberal man, and a thorough Australian. Besides he is- not a barrister, and by his loiig. and distinguished political career he has olklms upon tbe elec tors. Dan O'Connor and Harry Foran, \- gentleman,' are merely out for airing. Mr Carruthers has not contributed anything new to the federal question, and being another lawyer, hie rejection wonld not be a cala mity. Dr Ouilen Tub not the ghost of a show. John See would not be. of . much use on the Convention.. R E O'Connor will nearly top the poll. Sir A Benwick is merely wasting his time in stumping the city. E VV O'Snlli van, a professional politician, -will be among the rejected ; se will B W Keid (whoever he is), Frank Grimley, Nugent Robertson, L F Heydon (the head of the geebnog party), Geoffrey Eager, and Andrew Armstrong. The Premier will cf course brfelected. Many have responded to the call, but few will oe chosen. The southern electorates will, we trust, assist in keeping cranks oat of tke Convention.—' Gandagai Times. 