Is the railway house never to he put in order? It was found a few years ago thnt the extravagances of the department had welt nigh brought the colony to the brink of financial ruin. The expert Commissioner brought hero with many blowings of wunipers nan to oe casmcred, and m a sort of interregnum many economies were effected and reforms introduced. It was deemed desirable, however, that the management should he of a per manent character, and hence, under the new Railways Management Act, a gentle man was brought from Queensland with tacit instructions to put the railways in order and wipe out the deficit! What has Mr. Matliieson done since ho came here to wipe out the annual losses in his depart ment which have been distressing the mind of every Treasurer who has held office for years past and been imperilling the credit of the colony ? We do not ask the question in any captious spirit. It looks very much as if the railway manage ment had got into a groove from which it can only be moved by the vigorous action of a strong man at the head of affairs. A weak man will always he tempted to proceed diplomatically, takingcarenot to rouse malcontents within the camp and placating as much as possible conflicting interests outside. We hope Mr. Matliieson is not going to turn out a railway ruler of this stamp. Naturally lie required some time to instruct himself as to tho general working of the Vic torian railway system in order to discover its weak points. He had also to traverse the non-paying lines with a view to inquiring why they (lid not pay, and to decide upon some course to adopt with respect to the linc3 which can apparently only be carried on by the State at an immense annual cost to the community. Mr. Matliieson has matlo his inspections ; hut we would like to know what are his conclusions, seeing that every thing in the Railway department continues to move in the well-worn groove. In the table which wo published yesterday in re ference to certain lines which, do not pay the working expenses, let alone interest on the cost of construction, there arc some startling items. We hear a good deal from time to time in defence of unpayable lines that they serve to open up the country and develop its resources. No such defence is available for non-payable suburban lines, and yet we find four of these being run for a revenue which does not anything like meet the working expenses! The collective income of the Fitzroy to Whitfclesca, North Melbourne to Coburg, Burnley to Wavcrlcy and Royal Park to Clifton Hill lines amounts to £20,711, while the aggre gate working expenses arc £41,217," and when the interest on capital is added the annual loss involved is £53,620. We admit at once that these lines should never have been constructed. Their only pur pose was to run up the value of landed property in tho districts traversed; but can nothing be done to reduce the working expenses to a reasonable ratio to the revenue until the districts become more populous and thu traffic increases? Every foot passenger jeers at the long lino of empty carringes being dragged to and fro on these lines g-t very frequent intervals, as if all the department lmd to do was to pro vide accommodation for the utmost pos sible traffic, ignoring the somewhat impor tant fact that the traffic did uot comc. Matters nre worse when wo come to some of the country lines. The Maflra to Briagolong line earns the magnificent income of £301 per nnnum, and the work ing expenses of earning it amount to £3046, without reckoning interest on capital. Caniberwell to Oakleigh is another of the brilliant financial ventures which have been thrust on the unhappy country. Its revenue from all sources is £410 a year, and tho working expenses £2567 n j'oar; interest on capital .bringing tho annual loss up to £5357. The T.anccliold to Kil- morc lino is tho grimmest sample of human folly to ho found ill railway annals. Tho revenue of this lino is £150, not quite £3 a week ; aud to earn this incomo tho Railway department .spends £1002, besides losing interest to tho extent oi over £4000 per annum t Sonic of the eases arc not so hud ns those quoted, nml may in the course of time provide a payablo traffic ; bntonn there bunny possihiu justification fur spending £20 a week to earn £3? Surely tho Mall'ra to Briagolong, the Lancclioid to Kilmoro and other lines of tho same character should lie closed at once, or the local authorities allowed an opportunity of continuing tho traffic in accordance with local require ments nt the local risk. It i3 just possible that tho absence of the " Government "stroke" would have a very considerable inllucncc on the amount of the working expenses. It is probable that there is uot a reasonable man in the country who would maintain that lines of this hopeless character should ho continued in work at the expense of tho taxpayers. Mr. Matliie son is a reasonable person, and lias special knowledge of the subject. What docs lie say ? Ito was supposed, when' appointed, to have it free hand in dealing with railway matters generally, and the public -.vili be glad to learn whether he is now restrained in any way from taking nny necessary stop to reduce tho railway deficit. A correspondent,' whoso letter appears in another column, points out thnt the Commissioner lias accorded to him by law a board of advice, consisting of certain heads of departments. No better plan couhl have been adopted for destroying' responsibility than to make the Commissioner's subordinates his advisers ; hut it lias to he borne in mind that the Commissioner is not hound by the advice tendered to him. 11c may overrule it, and should do so whenever it is opposed to the introduction of reforms into the department. No satisfactory explanation lias been afforded why tho old standstill policy lias been re-adopted in the Railway department. Besides the Commissioner, there is the Minister of Railways, whose office surely imposes some responsibility upon him. And behind the Minister is the Cabinet, which must share in any blame for allowing railway matters to drift hack to theif old unwhole some state. One thing Mr. Matliieson must long have been aware of is that the " dead " head " system, as pursued in tlic Vic torian Railways, is a public scandal, and the question will naturally he asked what ho has vlone for its suppression. Ho is probably surprised that high salaried officials who arc not called upon to travel over the country oil official duty are mean enough to want their names on the "dead head" list; hut perhaps his experience of members of Parliament .may have convinced him that personal dignity is not the strong point in colonial official life. It might have been supposed that when members wore first approached with gifts in the shape of free passes, on the pretence of bringing their wives and families to Melbourne on the occasion of the opening and closing of Parliament, they would have resented what was practically the offer of a political bribe ; but they mostly accepted them, and used them not infrequently in tho spirit in which they were given by bestowing them upon iniluen- tial supporters. It was much in the same spirit that the several Australian Parlia ments created themselves -"dead heads" all "over the colonies. Following such an illustrious example, the railway officials, who seeiu to have been imbued with the idea that the railways were for the empioyis first and for tho. people afterwards, also made a bargain with their- confrbres in the other colonies by which all railway servants might travel free through out Australia. It is difficult to see on what ground such an arrangement should have been sanctioned. It is as difficult to see by what l ight ex-employes who have been pensioned off' or compensated should remain on the free list of the rail ways. They have a pretty good time in tho way of free or partially freo passes while they are in tho service, and they might ho content to pay their own fare when they retire on their pensions. There is no objection to the Railway employe getting a pass for his annual holi day trip; lmt these tickets have been issued recklessly, and the privilege abused. A single man in the railway service has no difficulty in obtaining posses for a wife and family, who, if they have no existence, nre always represented, to the loss of railway revenue. Our correspondent " Interested " says that a late Minister of Railways directed that no more free passes should be issued to ex- employes, and that this order lias been superseded. It should never have been necessary, and it would he interesting to learn why a sensible reform was frustrated, and by whom. At all events the abuse of the free ticket system is glaring, and botli the Commissioner and the Government should elearly understand that the public will insist upon a thorough and immediate reform. An Astrological Society in London in the year tlrat gives us the Rontgen rays, and in the age of telephones and telegraphs, seems a singular anachronism. Yet it is no less the fact. In February last the first annual meeting of the London Astro logical Society wasduly held, with the usual accompaniment of a report to its members, a presidential address and all the ordinary formulas of an established organisation. Nor were these nineteenth century believers in the star science suspected of being " gone in the upper story." They were quite conscious of their equivocal posi tion, and the orator of the evening admitted that their doctrines lie under a rather heavy cloud. I'cople without occult knowledge, he observed, spoke of astrologers as quacks, humbugs and charlatans ; hut then he takes comfort that the same terms wcro applied to Harvey for discovering the circulation of the blood ; to Copernicus, Kepfer and Galileo, all in turn ; to Mesmer for his hypnotism, to "Watt for his steam, and to Stephenson for his locomotives. The nineteenth century man, we are tftld, has lost sight of tho higher sciences, and especially the wonderful science- of astrology, through undue devotion to the mathematical ones. Every one alive is horn under some planetary iniluence ; and it is tho mission of astrologers to teach people that every child ought to have his chart to teach him how to live, what to accept, and what to avoid. What men call their good or ill fortune, and others describe as matters of chance, is no chance at all, but the operation of a natural law that began at birth with a conjunction of tho stars, and must persist till death, though it may he modified by knowledge and partially counteracted. The first feeling which the average mind will experience. from this is oneof contemp tuous rejection, accompanied with tho conclusion that these are hut tho utter ances of a coterie of obscure cranks. But whatever we may think of it, the facts nre quite otherwise. Some time ago the "Forum" published an article on Astrology Fin de Sioclo. Tlio writor was a Mit "Edgar Leo, who said in it that the upper elnsses of England, with their woalth and educa tion, are tho chief supporters of tlio aneiont science. A dnendo sinco there . wcro no astrological publications in England ;.how there are three, and tlio chief sub scribers are the aristocracy, the. wealthy middle classes, the county families and tho -lews. There is scarcely a well-to-do Jowisli family in London wliiult lilts not tlio liorosoopo of its chief members. Mr. Leo told the story of how lie had been deluged with as many as 500 lcttors a day from people in England, 20 per cent, of whom wore advanced students of astrology. He says tlmt tho I'rinco Consort, Lord Bonconslield and Goorgo Eliot wore regular patrons of u certain " soor of Charing / Cross- " rond," who for forty years past lias made remarkable predictions, verified by the events. As specimens of tlicso, lio is said to have foretold the suicide of tho Crown Hrinco of Austria, and the acoident to the Marquis of Lornu at tlio Quocn's Jubileo, But another story is still more curious, Tho moment of precipitating tlio Franco- German war, it is claimod, was oliosoit after consultation with a London astro loger, who had first cast tlio horoscopes of the King of Prussia, the Emperor of the French, the first Napoleon, Bismarck, Von Moltkc, Lcbccuf and tho Empress KugAiiio. The people who put forward these antique notions once more are certainly daring. They claim that everybody in tho world is either a positive or a negative. Tho positive subject is born wlion tho light of Saturn shines on the earth, the negative when his light is shining through one of his rings. A good aspect of Saturn in said to promise legacies to the lucky nativity ; a bad aspect to involve losses. Mr. Lee says':— You will alv.-ays, or nearly always, find when Huh feeling of repulsion comes over you tlmt the birthday of the object of your dislike is four, live or six months sway from your own, and the further sway it is the more certain ntid intense the dislike. Tlic year maltorB little, unless it ho seven, fourtcun and a lialf, twenty- two or twenty -liino years from yours, thclio being the dates of Saturn's squares. Two indi viduals horn iu tho same mouth, if they como together iu business, get along swimmingly. In the case or husband and wife, they are indeed too fond, and such a match frequently pro duces jealousy ; hut let the husband bo bom in May and tlio wife in November, and tho result will be disastrous. Here are data enough, one would' think, to enable a shoal of objections to be raised against these fanciful theories. But another astrologer goes- much further, oven to the tempting of Providence, lie says Few tests are made public. I submit a test which nppties to a great mimhor of perBomd experiences. I ain preimred to abide by it. All pcrsuns horn oil tlic -lilt of October iu any year would he Hubjcct to trouble ubout Christmas of 1892\. If their nativities gavo a toiidoncy to sick ness, then the trouble would bo sickncBB ; if fmaiicial loss, thou financial loss it would he ; if death of relatives, then death would cast his pall over them. I also usscrt that for tlio early part of ISO.'!, thoso horn iu nny year on Gth October would havo troublo at tho end of January ; on 4th Octobur, trouble at the end of February ; on fird October, troublo middle of March ; on 2nd October, troublo end of March. Now I challenge those whose birth days fall on these dates to Bay whether or not this astrological prediction has been fulfilled in their case. When wo reffeefc that the nearest star is 60,000,000 miles distant, it is a largo order to ask of human credulity that those remote twinlclers have shed hands or bless ings over every human life that ever was on this planet. Yet we know tlmt suolt men as Paracelsus, Van Helmont, Doe, Kepler, Brake ami Bacon all believod ' in both witchcraft and astrology, i Tlicy hold that if a man were horn at u certain conjunction of tlic moon and Mars lie would ho a prosperous soldier ; if at a certain conjunction of the moon and Venus, that ladies would find him irre sistible ; and if at a certain conjunction of the moon and Mercury, lie would succeed in affairs of life. Bub should an unlucky fellow see the light when the moon catches Mercury in an evil aspect there is an embryo thief lying in that cradle. This accounts, at a jump, for tlio hank officials who cannot keep their fingers out of the till.. The fault was not theirs, but that malign look of Mercury at them when they camo iifto being. Ami so it is wo have tlio poet telling us — If weak woman wont astray, The stars >vero moro at fault than they. Newton was a mathematician and an astronomer, not an astrologer ; but he, as well fis Ilallcy, Cavallo and Cavendish, all believod in the mutual attraction and repulsion of inert matter. No doubt astrology has always claimed that tho planets shed their iniluence on plants as they do on men's lives. The day lias its planetary hours, and no plant, it is claimed, has its full virtue or virus unless gathered in the hour of its planet, and at a particular age of the moon. Sliakspeare's witches depended for their hell broth, amongst other tilings, on Slip of yew Slivered in the moon's eclipso. But wc havo grown accustomed fco regard these things as the stock in trade of the poet and tho novelist. It strikes uiuc&ecnth; century thought with a feeling of incou grousness to be brought back to what wo deemed the exploded superstition of the ancients. Yet we know that the sun can strike us, and strike us dead. Most people have a dim belief iu the existence of moon struck people. Living in an ocean of mystery, can we be sure of anything — that we are not all star-struck more or less. The greatest inon have believed in their stars— the first Napoleon, for instance— and some have been betrayed by their belief. There is certainly more of dignity in believing, with Fletcher, that— Man is hi own star, and the sotll that caa Lc honest i. tho only perfect mam Our acts our angels aro, or good or ill. Our fatal shadows that walk by us still. But-howcvcr we may agree to scoff at thfl astrologers we cannot forget thnt Moore used to sell 10,000 copies a year of his astrological almanac to hard-headed Eng lishmen, who accepted hi some sense his powers of divination of the weather. It is a little curious that the Christian festivals appear to have been fixed astro logically. The feast of the Virgin Mary is on the day the sun enters Aries, that of John the Baptist on liis entering Cancer, that of Michael on' his entering Libra, and that of Jesus on his entering Capricorn, these being the four cardinal points. Tho feasts of Saints Paul, Matthew Mark, James, Bartholomew, and Simon and Judo aro respectively fixed with referenco to tho sun entering Aquarius, Pisces, Taurus, Leo, Virgo and Scorpio. The feakt of Corpus Christi has the same relation to Gemini. These can scarcely be coinci dences. But whatever they he, certain it is that astrology, like the belief iu ghosts, is having its revival, and its professors in the chief cities Of the world are claiming for it a credit very little below that of the exact sciences. 