The Storyteller. The Christian. FIRST BOOK.—THE OUTER WORLD. XVII. By HALL CAINE, Author of "The Manxman." The boardroom of the hospital oT Martha's Vineyard was a large and luxurious cham-<*> ber, with an oval window at its farther end. and its two side walls panelled with por- traits of former presidents and physlolans. In great oaken armchairs, behind ponder ous oaken tables, covered with green cloth and furnished with writing pads, the Board of Governors sat in three sides of a square, leaving an open space in the middle. This •pen space was reserved for patients seek ing admission or receiving discharge, and for officers of the hospital presenting their weekly reports. On a morning in August the matron's report had closed with a startling Item. It recommended the total suspension of a nurse on the ground of gross impropriety of conduct. • ■ ■■•■ ' Z' jl ■ "This is a most serious matter," said the chairman. " I think—this being a pub lic institution—l think the board should Investigate the case for itself. We ought to assure ourselves that—that in fact no other irregularity is going on in the hos pital." He was a peppery person with a stern mouth and a solid under-Jaw. "May it please your lordship," said a Totund voice from one of the side- tables, "I would suggest that a case like this of grievous moral delinquency comes directly within the dispensation of the chaplain, and If he has done his duty by the unhappy girl (as no doubt he has) he must have a statement to make to the board with regard to her." It was Canon Wealthy. " I may mention," he added, " that Mr. Storm has now returned to his duties, and Is at present in the hospital." " Send for him," said the chairman. When John Storm entered the boardroom It was remarked that he looked no bettor for his holiday. His cheeks were thinner, his eyes more hollow, and there was a strange pallor under his swarthy skin. The business was explained to him, and he was asked if he had any statement to make with regard to the nurse whom the Matron had reported for suspension. * No," he said, " I have no statement" "Do yon mean to tell the board," said the chairman, " that you know nothing of this matter—that the case Is too trivial for your attention—or perhaps that you have sever even spoken to the girl on the sub- Jtetr . , " That Is so ; I never have," said John. " Then you snail do so now," said the chairman, and he put his hand on the bell beside him, and the messenger appeared. "You cannot intend, sir, to examine the girl here," said John. " And wiiy not ?" " Before so many—and all of us men save one." The Canon rote to his feet again. "Mr young -brother la naturally sensitive, my lord, but I assure hfan his delicate feelings are- wasted on a girl like this. -He ..forgets that the shame lies In the girVa slit, not in her just and necessary punishment." "Bring her In," said the chairman. The \- -matron whispered -to the messenger, and he left the room. " Pardon me, sir," said John Storm ; " if it Ib your expectation that I should question the nun* on her sin, as the Canon says. I cannot do so." " Cannot ?" " "Well, I will not." " And is that your idea of your duty at a chaplain ? A great public institution is in danger of a disgraceful scandal, and you who are responsible for its spiritual welfare . . . really, gentlemen ' Again the Canon rose with a conciliatory smile. " I think I understand my young friend," he said, " and your lordship and the board will appreciate his feelings how ever you may disapprove of his judgment. What generoua heart cannot sympathise with the sensitive spirit of the youthful clergyman who shrinks from the spectacle of guilt and shame in a young, and perhaps beautiful, woman ? But if It will relieve your lordship from an embarrassing posi tion, I am myself willing " " Thank you," said the chairman, and then the girl was brought into the room in charge of Sister Allworthy. * She was holding her head down and try ing to cover her face with her hands. " Tour name, girl ?" said the Canon. " Mary Elisabeth Love," she faltered. " You are aware, Mary Elisabeth Love, that your excellent and indulgent matron" (here he bowed to a stout lady with an eye of ice and a mouth of iron) " has been put to the painful duty of reporting* you for your suspension, which is equivalent to your discharge. Now I cannot hold out a hope that the hoard will not ratify her recom mendation, but it may perhaps qualify the terms of your certificate If you can show these gentlemen that the unhappy lapse from good conduct which brings you to. this posi tion; of shame and disgrace Is due In any measure to Irregularities practised perhaps within this hosp^l, or to the temptations of anyone connected with It. The girl began to cry. " Speak, nurse ; If you have anything to •ay the geatlemen are willing to hear It" The girl's crying deepened into sobs. " Useless !" said the chairman. " Impossible !" said the Canon. But some oae suggested that perhaps the aurse had a girl friend la the hospital who eould throw light on the. difficult situation. Then Sister Allworthy whispered to the saatroa, who said, " Bring her in." John Storm's fax* had assumed a fixed and absent expression, but he saw a girl of larger slse than Polly Love enter the room with a gleam, aa it were, of sunshine on her golden red hair. It was Glory. There was some preliminary whispering, and then the Canon began again : "You are a friend and companion of Mary Elisabeth Love?" "Yes," said Olory. Her voice was full and calm, and a look of quiet courage lit up her girlish beauty. "You have known her other friends, bo doubt, and perhaps you have shared her confidence ?" " I think so." "Then you can tell the Board If the unhappy conditioa Ja waieh she fin* aer -*eit I* due to anyone connected with this hospital." " I think not." "Not to aay officer, servant,'or member of any school or college attached to it T M . " No." "Thank you," said the chairman, "that Is quite enough," and down the tables' of the governors there were nods and smiles of satisfaction. " What have I done ?" said Olory. " You have done a great service to an ancient and honourable institution," said the Canon, " and the best return the board can make for your candour and intelligence is to advise you to avoid such companion ship for the future and to flee such perilous associations." A certain desperate recklessness expressed itself In Glory's face, and she stepped up to Polly, who was now weeping audibly, and put her arm about the girl's waist. " What are the girl's relatives 7" said the chairman. , ■ . The matron replied out of her book'. Polly was an orphan, both her parents being dead. She had a brother, and he had lately been a patient in the hospital, but he was only a lay helper in the Anglican Monastery at Blshopsgate-street, and there fore useless for present purposes. There was some further whispering about the tables. Was this the girl who had been recommended to the hospital by the coroner who had investigated a certain notorious and tragic ease ? Tea, aad that was all that was known about her. " I think I have heard of some poor and low relations," said the Canon ; " but their own condition Is probably too needy to allow them to help her at a time like the present." Down to this moment Polly bad done nothing but cry, but now she flamed up in a passion of pride and resentment. " It's false !" she cried. " I have no poor and low relations, and I want nobody's help. My friend Is a gentleman—as much a gentleman as anybody here—and I can tell you his name If you like. He lives In St. James's street, and be is Lord " " Stop, girl !" said the Canon in a loud voice. "We cannot allow you to take away the character of a gentleman by mention ing his name in his absence." John stepped to one of the tables of the governors, and took np a pamphlet which lay there. It was the last annual report of Martha's Vineyard, with * list of its govir nera and subscribers. " The girl ia suspended," said the chair man, and, rsachlng for the matron's book, ho signed it and returred it. "This," said the Canon, ".appears to be a case for Mrs. Callender's Maternity Home at Sohp, and with the consent of the board, I will request the chaplain to communicate with that lady immediate);;" ' . ■' John Storm had heard, but' he madd.no answer ; he wsb turning -over the leaves of the pamphlet. . : The. Canpa hemmed and bleared his throat. " Mary Elizabeth Love," he said, " you. P have, brought a stain' upon this honourable and hitherto irreproachable in stitution, but I trust and believe that ere long you may see cause to be grateful for our forbearance and our charity. Speaking for myself, I confess it is an occasion of grief to me, and might well, I think, be a cause of sorrow to him who has had your spiritual welfare in his keeping" (hers he gave a look towards John), " that you do not seem to realise the position of infamy in' which you stand. Ood has given you beauty, but the world is only the darker for the use which you bavo made of that high inheritance. We have always been taught to think of a woman as sweet, and truo, and pure, a being hallowed to our sympathy by the most sacred associations, and dear to our love by the tenderest ties, and It is only right" (the Canonla voice was breaking) "it Ja.oi.ly right, I say, that' joa should be told at once and in this pia<;o, though tardily and- too late, that for the woman who wrongs that great ideal, an you have wronged, it, there Is but one name known among persons of good credit &nd; good report—a hard name, a terrible name, a namo of contempt and loathing." Crushing the pamphlet in his hand, John Storm had taken a step towards the Can>n, but he was too late. Some one was there before him. It was Glory- With her head erect and her eyes flashing she stood be tween the weeping girl and (he black-coated Judge, and everybody coJld see the swelling and heaving of her bosom. " How dare you !" she cried. " You say you have been taught to think of a woman as sweet and pure. Well, I have been taught to think of a man as strong and brave, and tender and merciful to every living crea ture, but most of all to a woman if she Is vain and foolish, and erring and fallen. But you are not brave and tender, you are cruel asd cowardly/ and I despise you and hate you!" The men at the tables were rising from their •tat*. " Oh, you have discharged my friend," she ■aid, "and you may discharge me, too, if you Ilka—if you dare! But I will tell •very body that It waa because- I would not let you Insult a poor girl with a cruel and shameful name, and trample upon her when •he was down. And everybody Will believe me, because it Is the truth ; and anything else you may say will be a He, and all the world will know it!" The matron was shambling up also. " How dare- you, Miss ! Go back, to your ward this Instant! Do you know to whom' you are speaking T" " Oh, It's not the first time I've spoken to a clergyman, ma'am. I'm the daughter of a clergyman, and the granddaughter of a clergyman, and I know what a clergyman is when he is brave and good, and gentle and merciful to all women, and when he Is a man and a gentleman, not a Pharisee and a crocodile !" " Please take that girl away," said the chairman. But John Storm was by her side In a moment. " No, sir," he said, " nobody shall do that V But now Glory had broken down too, and the girls, like two lost children, were crying on each other's breasts. John opened the door and led them up to it. ." Take your friend to Ler room, nurse ; I shall be with you presently." Then he turned back to the chairman, ■till holding the crumpled pamphlet In his hand, and said calmly and respectfully— "And now that you have finished with the woman, sir, may I ask what you intend to do with the man ?" " The man V ".Though I did not feel myself qualified to sit in Judgment on the broken heart of a fallen girl, I happen to know the name which she was forbidden to mention, and I find It here, sir—here In your list of sub scribers and governors." " Well, what of It ?" <: You have wiped the girl out of your books, sir. Now I ask you to wipe the man out also." "Gentlemen," said the chairman rising, " the business of the board is at an end." XVIII. John Storm wrote a letter to Mrs. Callen der, explaining Polly Love's situation, and asking her to call on the girl immediately, and then he went. out in search of Lord Robert Ure at the addreis he had discovered in the report. He found the man alone on his arrlvAl, but Drake came In soon afterwards. Lord Robert received him with a chilly bow, Drake offered his hand coldly ; neither of them requested him to sit. "You are surprised at my visit, gentle men," said John ; " but I have lost now been present at a painful scene, and I thought it necessary that you should know something about It." Then he described what had occurred In the boardroom, and In doing so dwelt chiefly on the abjectness of the girl's humiliation. Lord Robert stood by the window rapping a tune on the window pane, and Drake sat In a low chair with his legs stretched out, and his hands in bis trousers' pockets. " But I am at a loss to understand why you have thought it necessary to come here to tell that story," said Lord Robert. " Lord Robert," said John, " you under stand me perfectly." " Excuse me, Mr. Storm, I do not under stand you In tho least." "TLen I will not csk you if you are re sponsible for tbe girl's position." " Don't." " But I will ask you a slmplier and easier question." " What Is it r " When are you going to marry ber ?" Lord Robert burst Into ironical laughter and faced round to Drake. " Well, these men—these curates—their assurance, don't you know. . . . May I **k you, your reverence, what is your posi tion in this matter—your standing, don't you know ?" . . " That of chaplain of the hospital." "But you say she has been turned out of it." . " Very well,. Lord Robert, merely that of a man-.who intends to protect an injured woman." ' . " Oh, i know," sajd Lord Robert drily j *CI understand these heroics,. I've heard |of your sermons, Mr. Storm—your interviews with ladies and so forth." " And I have heard of your doings with girls," said John. " What are you going tp do for this one ?" " Exactly what I please." " Take care. You know what the girl is. It's precisely such girls. ... At this moment she is tottering on the brink of hell. Lord Robert. If anything further should happen—if you should disappoint her . . . She 1b looking to ypu and build ing up hopes—if she should fall still lower and destroy herself body and soul " " My dear Mr. Storm, please understand that I shall do everything or nothing for the girl exactly as I think well, don't you know, without the counsel or coercion of any clergyman." There was a «hort silence, and then "John Storm said quietly : " It is no worse than. I expected. But I had to hear it from -your own. lips, and I have heard.it. Good day." **" He went back to the hospital and asked for Glory. Qhe was with Polly in the housekeeper's room. Polly was catching flies on the window (which overlooked the park) and humming " Sigh no more, ladies." Glory's eyes were read with weeping. John drew Glory aside. " I have written to Mrs. Callender and she will be here presently," she said. "It is useless," said Glory. " Polly will refuse to go. She expects Lord Robert to oome for her, and she wants me to call on Mr. Drake." " But I have seen the man myself." " Lord Robert ?" " Yes. ... He will do nothing." " Nothing !" " Nothing, or worse than nothing." " Impossible !" " Nothing of that kind is impossible to men Ilk* those." " They are not so bad as that, though, and even tf Lord Robert is all you say, Mr. Drake " " They are friends and housemates, Glory, aiM whmt tie one is the other must be also." "Ob, no. Mr. Drake It quite a different person." "Don't be misled, my child. If there were any real difference between them " " But there la ; and if a girl were In trouble'or wanted help in anything " " He would drop her, Glory, like an old lottery ticket that has drawn a blank and Is done, for." She was biting her lip, and it was bleeding slightly. " You dislike Mr. Drake," she said, " and that is why you cannot be just to him. But be is always praising and excusing you, and when anyone " " His praises and excuses are nothing to me. lam not thinking of myself. lam thinking . . ." He had a look of intense excitement, and his speaking was abrupt and disconnected. " You were splendid this morning, Glory, and when I think of the girl who defied that Pharisee being perhaps herself the vic tim. . . The man asked me what my standing was, as if that. . . . But if I had really had a right, if the girl had been anything to me. if she had been somebody else and not a light, shallow, worthless creature, do you know what I should have ■aid to him ? ' Since things have gone so far, sir, you must marry the girl now, and keep to her, and be faithful to her, and love her, or else I ' " "You are flushed and excited, and there Is something I do not understand " "Promise me, Glory, that you will break off this bad connection." " You are unreasonable. I cannot pro mise." " Promise that you will never see these men again." " But I must see Mr. Drake at once and arrange about Polly." " Don't mention the man's name again ; it make* my blood boll to hear you speak " But this is tyranny ; and you are worse than the Canon ; and I cannot bear it." " Very well ;as you will. It's of no use struggling. . . . What is the time ?" " Six o'clock nearly." " I must see the Canon before be goes to dinner." His manner had changed suddenly. He looked crushed and benumbed. "I am going now," he said, turning aside. "So soon ? When shall I fee you again T" . " God knows. ... I mean ... I don't know," be answered in a helpless way. He was looking around as if taking it mental farewell of evrything. " But we cannot part like this," she said. " I think you like me a little still, and " Her supplicating voice made him look up into her face for a moment. Then he turned away, saying, "Good-bye, Glory." And with a look of utter exhaustion he went out of the room. Glory walked to a window at the end of the corridor that she might see him when be crossed the street. There was Just a glimpse of his back as he turned tbe corner with a slow step and his head on hin breast. She went back crying. " I could fancy a fresh herring for sup per, dear," said Polly. " What do you say, housekeeper ?" ' John Storm went back to tbe Canon's house a crushed and humiliated man. " I can do no more," he thought. "I will give it up." His old influence with Glory must have been lost. Something bad come be tween them—something cr some one. " Any how, ft, is all over, and. I must go. away ■omeWhere.'" : } • To go on seeing Glory would be useless. It would .also be dangerous. As often as he was face to face with her he wanted to '.lay hold of her and shako her and say, , • " You mußt do this and this, because it is .. my, wjsh .«nd. direction. «nJ command,. and ■ . ,lt is- 1 that say ap." In the mldet. of God's -: work how 'subtle were the 'temptations -of . the devil ♦ ...... '." . But with every step that- ho - went. plod, \- plodding home there came other, feelings. : He .could.see the girl quite plainly;, her fresh . ; young face, bo strong and so tender, so-Cull ■ ; of humour and heart's love, and all' the • 1 sweet beauty of her form and figure. ' Then . the old pain in his breast came back again and he began to be afraid. " I will take refuge in the Church," he thought. In prayer and penance and fast ing he would find holp and consolation. The ' Church was peace—peace from the noise of . life, and strength to fight and to vanquish. But the Church must be the Church of Ood -—not of the world, the flesh, and the dovll. " Ask the Canon if he can see me imme diately," said John Storm to the' footman, and he stood in the ball for the answer. . the Canon had taken tea that day In the study with his daughter Felicity. He was reclining on the sofa,, propped up with velvet cushions and holding the teacup and eaucer like the wings of a butterfly in both hands. • . " We have been deceived, my dear" (sip, sip}, "and we must pay the penalty of the deception. Yet we have nothing to blame ourselves for—nothing whatever. Here -was a young man from heaven knows where, bent on entering the Church. True, he was merely the son of a poor lord who bad lived the lifo of a hermit, but he was also the-nephew, and presumably the heir, of the Prime Minister of England." (Sip, sip, sip.). " Well, I gave him his title. I received him into my bouse. I made him free of my family—and what is the result ? He has .. disregarded my instructions, antagonised my supporters, and borne himself towards me with an attitude of defiance, if not dis dßin. . . . Another cup, my child." Felicity poured out a second cup of tea for her father, and sympathised with him.-She wondered how be could have tolerated the ' young man so long. . " I had my reasons, dearest; but as I tell you, I have been deceived —repeatedly deceived. For example, I did not know until he told me, little more, than a month •go, that before coming to me he had finally quarrelled with his father—a moat culpable *nd indeed compromising instance of con . «ealmeut—<and that down to. the. day of-his . «rriv«l be had never so much as eel eye* on bis uncle;" Felicity was ndt surprised. The young, ■ttaft had no conversation, and his reticenee •w«s quite embarrassing. Sometime* when . she had friends and asked him to come down hie silence —well, really " We might have borne with these little deficiencies, my dear, If the Prime Minister flttd been deeply Interested. But he is not.' I doubt If he has ever seen his nephew eiaco , that first occasion. ' And when I called at Down Ing- street about the time of the ser mon he aeemed entirely undisturbed. ' Tho young man Is in the wrong place, my dear Canon ; send him back to me.' That was all." " Then why don't you do it ?" said Felicity. " It is coming to that, my child ; but I muHt be discreet, I mutt watch' my oppor tunity. Blood is thicker than water, you know, and after aW " It was at this moment the footman en tered the room to ask If the Canon could «ee Mr. Storm. " Ah, the man himself !" eald the Canon .rising. " JenkyMi remove the tray." ' Dropping hi« voice, " Felicity, I will a*k you to leavo us together. After what occurred this morning at the hospital, any thing like a scene . . ." Then aloud, " Bring him in, Jenkyns. . . . Say some thing, my dear. Why don't you speak ? . . . Come In, my dear Storm. .You'll «ee to that matter for me, Felicity. Thank*, thanks ! Sorry to eend y*u off, but I'm «ure Mr. Storm will excuse you. Good bye for the present." Felicity went out as John Storm came.ln. He looked excited and "there was an ex pression of pain In his face. " I am sorry to disturb you, but I need not detain you long," he eald. " Sit down Mr. Storm, sit down," eald the Canon returning to the sofa. But John did not sit. He stood by the chair vaoated by Felicity and kept beating bis hat on the back of It. " I have come to tell you, sir, that I with to resign my curacy." The Canon glanced up with a stealthy expression and thought, " How clever of him ! To resign before he is told plainly that he has to go—that Is very clever." Then he said aloud. "I am sorry, very sorry- I'm always sorry to part with my clergy. Still—you see lam entirely frank * -with you—l have observed that you havo not been comfortable of late, and I think you are acting for the best. When do you ' .-wish to leave me ?" "As soon as convenient—as early ss I can be spared." ... The Canon smiled condescendingly. *' That need not trouble you at all. With * staff like mine, you see ... Of course you are aware that I am entitled to ■ three months' notice ?" , "Yes." " But I will waive it; I will not detain you. Have you seen your uncle on the •übject ?" "No." "When you do so please say that I always try to remove Impediments from a young man's path if he Is uncomfortable—in- the wrong place, for example." " Thank you." said John Storm, and then he hesitated a moment before stepping to the door. The Canon rose and bowed affably. " Not •n angry word," he thought. " Who «haH •ay that blood does not count for some thing V " Believe me, my dear Storm," he said •loud, " I shall always remember with pride and pleasure our early connection. It will continue to be a source of satisfaction to me that L.wa« able to give you your first opportunity, and if your next curacy- should chance to be in London I trust you will allow us to maintain the acquaintance." John Storm's face was twitching and his pulses were beating violently, but he was trying to control himself. ". "Thank you," he sjiid- ( f " but It Is not' ' very" likely—~* ' ,•.,*,'.!• • "- DonU 'day' you are, giving up orders,, dear Mr. Storm', or "perhaps jtha't you a.r& only leaving our "Church lu order to uujie ! yourself £0 another. Ah ! r iuve; I touched ' ■6a &> tender point"? You -must not be sur- " prised that rumours have .been rife. We , cannot silence (he~tongues of buaybcxllo3 and . mUchief-iuakers you know. And I con- ' lew, speaking as your spiritual head and adviser, it would be a source of grief to me if a young clergyman who has eateu the bread of the Establishment, and of my own living as well, were about to avow himself the subject and slave of an Italian bishop." John Storm came back from the door. " What you are saying, elr, requires that I should be plain spoken. In giving up my curacy I am not leaving the Church of England, I am only leaving you." " I am so glad, mo relieved." " I am leaving you because I cannot live with you any longer, because the atmo ephere you breathe Is Impossible to me, because your religion Id not my religion or your'God my God !" " You surprise me. What have I done ?" " A 'month ago I asked you to set your face as a clergyman against the shameful and Immoral marriage of a man of soan • daloua reputation, but you refused ; you excused the man and sided with hint. Thus morning you thought it necessary to in vestigate in public the case of one of that man's victims, and you sided with the man again—you denied to the girl the right even to mention the scoundrel's name." " How differently we «ee things ! Do you know I thought my examination of the poor young thing was merciful to the point of gentleness. And that I may tell you— notwithstanding the female volcano who came down on me—was the view of the hoard and of his lordship the chairman." "Then I am sorry to differ from them. I thought It unnecessary and unmanly, and brutal and even blasphemous !" " Mr. Storm ! Do you know what you are saying ?" " Perfectly, and I came to «ay it." . His eyes were wild, his voice was hoarse ; he was like a man breaking the bonds of a .tyrannical slavery. " You called that poor child a cruel naniA because she had wasted the good gifts which God had given her. But Qod haa given good gifts to you also-gifU of in tellect and eloquence with which you might have raised the fallen and supported the weak, and defended the down-trodden and comforted the broken- hearted-^aad what have you done with then) ? You Jure bartered them " for benefices, and pe.l -"dled them for popularity ; you havo flplven them In .exchange for money, for houses, for furniture, for things like this— and ,thls—and this. You have sold your birthright for a meas of pottage, therefore you are the sinner." " You're riot yourself, sir: leave me," and crossing the room the Canon touched tho bell. " Yes, you are ten thousand times worse than that poor fallen girl with her taint of blood and will. There would be no such women as she is to fall victims to evil companionship if there were no such men as you are to excuse their betrayers and to slde with them.". " You're mad, sir! But I want no scene " " And you are in the Churoh, In the pulpit, and call yourself a follower of the One who forgave the woman and shamed the hypocrites, and had not where to lay tats head!" . But thp Canon had faced about and fled out of the rootn. . : : The footman came in answer to the bell, and finding no one but John Storm he told him that a lady was waiting for him in a carriage at the door. It was Mrs. Callender. She bad come to say that she had called at the hospital for Polly Love and the girl bad refused to go to the home at Soho. " But whatever's amiss with ye, man ?" she Mid. " You might have seen a ghost !" He had come out bareheaded, carrying his hat In his hand. " It's all over," he said. ." I've waited weeks and weeks for it, but it's over at last. It was of no use mincing matters, so I spoke out." \- His red eyes, were ablaze, but a great load seemed to be lifted off his mind, and his soul seemed to exult. " I have told him I must leave him, and I am to go immediately. The disease was dire and the remedy had to be dire also." The old lady was holding her breath and watching his flushed face with strained attention. " And what may ye be going to do now ?" "To become .a religious in something morjß than the name; to leave the world altogether. with its idleness and pomp, and hypocrisy and unreality." ■ "Get yoursell some flesh on your bones .first, man. It's easy to Bee you've no been sleeping or eating these days and days to gether." ' "That's nothing—nothing at all. God cannot lake half your souL You must give yourself entirely." " Bh, laddie, laddie, I feared me this was what ye were coming til. -But a man cannot bury himself before be is dead. He may bury the half of himself, but is it the better half ? What of his thoughts—his wandering thoughts ? Choose for yoursell, though, and if you must go—if you must hide yoursell for ever, and this is the last I'm to see of you . . . you may kiss me, laddie —I'm old enough, surely. ... Go on James, man ; what for are you sitting up there staring ?" When John Storm returned to his room he found a letter from Parson Quayle. It was a good-natured, cackling epiatle, full of sweet nothings about Glory and the hospital, about Peel and the discovery of ancient runes in the graveyards of the treen chapels, but it closed with this postscript : " You will remember old Chaise, a sort ot itinerant beggar and the privileged pet of everybody. The silly old gawk has got hold of your father and has actually made the old geudeman believe that you are bewitched ! Someone has put tho evil oye on you—some woman it would seem—and that is the rea son why you have broken away and- be haved so' strangely'! ' H isj most extra -ordlnar.w -That such-a foolish superstition should iiave talcen hokJ of a man. like your father 1b really' quite astonishing, but if it will only, sotten his rancour against -you and help to' restore- peace, we -may perhaps forgive the 'distrust of Providence and the outrage .on common sense. -All's well ••that ends well, you know, and we-shall all be happy." - - (To be continued.) ; 