Parramatta Pilgrims. [B* ' Th» Came.'] Ko.ll.— A BEFEBESCE TO PARRAMATTA GAOL IX BEGABD TO THE EBTAB LiSHMEST OF ' MODEL' TREAT. MEST WITHIN ITS WALLS, WITH SOME 8TBICTCBES ON TBE WRETCHEDNESS AND INEFFI CIENCY OF THAT SYSTEM AS NOW REGULATED AKD APPLIED. The first thing that strikes the visitor to Parramatta Gaol is the general air ot neat ness and precision that pervades the whole establishment. Whatever the character ol any institution, it generally draws its good and bad qualities from its dominant head. If the director, is careless and laekadaiscal. the establishment generally follows suit by driftiog into a condition of coDfosion, dilapidation, and disorder. On the contrary, if the gentlemen in authority is prim and poetic, and has an artiBtic sense among his intellectual con ceptions, tile condition of the institution is a blending of beauty with an adaptat:on to the laws ot geometic precision. Fortunately for* the -home-comfort of the inmates, if one may nse socb a term in con nection with men who would like you to believe that it is certainly not their home, though at the same time it most inquenuyis, Mr Thomas BametMheGovwnor of the Gaol in question, is a gentleman of high artistic tastes and with a pronounced penchant lor floricul ture in all its branches. The consequence is that the interior of the gaol belies ibe gloom j conjecture which its solemn and atolid outer aspect suggests to the imagination of visitors. Inside the gaol tbere are abundant evidences ol the Governor's tastes. All the spare ground that could be availed of is brilliant with verdure. Gsy-Bowering plants w- interspersed with healthy-looking shrubs and intertwined with grottos, fountains and miniature ferneries, white Roid and verrnUUon-tisted fish glide and gambol and set the other prisoners aa example of contentment, springing from the fact that they, too, are in ' their natural element.' Vines and scented blooms variegate the other verdure, and the eye rest* pleasantly opon the soeaaasfal apd praiseworthy attempts to make as many floricultural oases as possible in the heart ol a prison deBert. The prisoners themselves are, of course, a motley lot, but the majority of them loolc to take We a great deal more pleasantly than one would reckon the loss of their liberty would allow. In the solitary department of the prison, where the nn/ortauates are sobjactedy to the model treatment that was at one time peculiar to Berrinu Gaol, there is certainly there is not even feigns an air of aheerfalneas, and not ude prisoner in ten, subjected to this relic of the old barbarous days of Lagland (which an English M. P. once proposed to the House of Commons to christen New South Wales) even makes pretenoe of cheerfulness. The nearest approach does not get beyond con tentment, and he most, indeed, be both a philosopher and a Stoic who «an contemplate iving in the narrow Umitt of a single cell for nine long months without - the possibility of speaking more than half-a-dozen words a day, and them but formal, and with no one to commune . with at nights hut himself, his Creator, and the ghosts of MS various crimes. These model-treatment men are allowed an hour to exercise in a narrow ana, where the only extra indulgence is the right to look tor that period upon the face of a fallow-man. They most not speak, but an expected to remain mats during the nine months prescribed to them all. Sometimes a humane warder in dulges them with a tew mi^nt«» conversation, which opens to them for a moment a vision of the outer-world, whloh 'otherwise is to them w a sealed book. This indulgence, though strictly igainst the laws and rastuations of prison-life, is a veritable god-asaj to there cipUntaoflt. Generally speaking, every man who under goes model treatment, lapses into insanity. It Is jot meant by this that every man becomes * laving lunatic or goes stark, staring mad. Some few da, bat all saftet.jn^g^^ intellects mbwmIi. The defense af.tbe^i)sv61tiQg arstem necessitates repeated denlals'of ~ this statement as to. the Innafio effects ol model treatment, and. aa -Jfli.. the invariahle «hanu-Cm4htin of high offioialdom In this happy oonbtrf, some of the' medical oBImh forswear 'them- ?elvet and profess that the .victim, of the ?I moid treatment ' never da suffer any In tellectual ouparwemtnt ; that, op the con trary, the splendours of solltode have lobe endured is order to be Jmtly appreciated, that ?urtepeas and mWanoholy do tht convicts an immessnrable amount of good, and, that, If ihe Itfvflegea twnntenti of this tjmejumond Mono ocnld. only be prevailed upon to speak $ too*; they mala admit thrttW jested MMatbn and enjoyed it beyond measure, iSftil they would sooner pass Heir lives In A'* prison than be the poor, pltJahUln matasin a palace. It is marvellous what a lot the official eye sees, which it not persuadable to tht man of ordinary common-sense. ?It it only fair to the medical profession, which iJttrppoasd to lead the van in all ad vanoes of humanity and onrottnlneu, and to exist solely for the assuagtment of sorrow, to point out that these reports mainly emanate from medical hacks— the blind and spavined contingent whose pretBriptlons the pubBo ban beta stow to introioce Into their timorous and dUtrrurting- stomachs, and whom hanger and tat absence of pauoni sometimes force into the State's medical benefices, which they would not part with to exchange to any less remunerative Aiylnm. It it endangered the emoluments and permanent employment of same of these hacks, more than one of them would, I (ear, make affidavit thai hell was healthy, of course from a purely professional point of view. There are other and eminent medioa men, however, whose consciences are above the corrupting Influences of mere tricloofi office-holding. These mm, who do honor to their humane profession, have long been murmuring ominously at the rotten policy of the State in literally murdering the rnatoning powers oi tbe very men whose intellects are proved, by their crimes, to be mentally mouldering. Some of thine dnjs, a Premier or «, Minister of Justice will arise, and, forgetting for once to waste valuable time in 'ologies and 'isms will ask the Parliament whether 4hiB form ot Govern ment can point to one criminal reformed by its model system, as against thousands it has driven to Hell by encouraging that biota! sullenness and irrational hatred of allhonwnity which is provoked by the present system, and wbicb paves the way to perpetual criminality almost always and to amendment, Sever / The system, in all its dire cruelty and its infamous creation of minor crime into crime more heinous, was adopted in all its slovenli ness, and never made the subject of the itAst alteration or re- adjustment. So nnequal does it appear to men of common and rational wars of thinking that this unalterabilitv is perfectly amazing. AU prisoners undergoing sentences of three years ox over, are victimised with tbe same dull uniform dose of punish ment—nine months for the man undergoing the three years only, nine months for tbe man sentenced to fire, ten, or fifteen years, and nine months lor the murderer, wbow intended extinction on thegallowBhasbeeneommuted to imprisonment for life. If nine months of model treatment is heavy enough for the la«t two grades of criminals, it is too heavy for the first grade, undergoing comparatively short sentences. If it is light enough for these short sentenced men, then it could scarcely be heavy enough for the worse malefactors. Then again, the solitary confinement is so regulated that either it» good effects are nil, or alse they are neutralised by the solitude having to do its duty effectively ooce for all, that U in respect to the sentence in which It it a part. If It inii intiMltM ii month of it in every year, at is oftetroBWin sentences passed by Victorian Judges, one could recognise an in telligent attempt ro last the efficacy of solitarv connnemenl— a punishment which, humanely and rational]; disbursed, is a powerful method of correction, and likely to be a great factor in diminishing crime and giving malefactors a distaste for prison life. A month every year would apportion the penalty better, the three yean man having to undergo three months ot model treatment, the five years man five, and the fifteen years n?*n fifteen months, spread over tbe toll term ol Imprisonment. Such is the lack ot interest taken by the State in prison-reform that this means ot pre venung lunacy ana aetping to stay enme o; tbe rational use ot solitary confinement, seemi never to have struck Comptroller, Minister, Parliament or ' medical hack ' before de scribed. The criminal receives his nine months at tbe-atait of his sentence, aod then he is turned adrift into the gaol-yards to have gradually undermined whatever good resolu tions he may perhaps have farmed in his op pressive solitude. One would have thought that, even on the first intro duction ct the system, the authorities would have suggested a bisection of the model-treatment ioto one half on entering gaol, and the other half before leaving. This would, at all events, have cut the suffering ui two, left a trig gap between the the two terms of solitude, and discharged the convict, tamed as far as isolation can tame . and reconstruct him, into the society of his fellow-men, and not into a seething cauldron of fellow- criminals, as is the system at present. These censures are, it is fair to add, directed entirely against tbe system, and not against those who have to carry itout in all its horribte imperfections. It any readers of this article think the ' model ' system reasonable and jut, let them sit dann and contemplate how they would like to spend a silent nine-months even within the confines ot their own homes, and then decide whether such an extreme aoceleratioa of crime is needed either by way of punishment or in stimulation of reform. iTobe ctmtimifd.J 