CHAPTER XIV. ATakgaket's Discovery. Ihc tidings of the disappearance of i Mr, Glford reached Thorpeleigh Court | almost as soon as the largo household ; there was awake, but to Miss Thorpc leigh herself not a word was said, as her friend had enjoined the servants never to speak of any disquieting news before their mistress till her health was stronger. * But if Mr. Olford is not found before noon,'said she, *1 must for her own sake acquaint Miss Thorpeleigh with Tvhat.has happened, for it is impossible that she should continue to walk about the woods and grounds alone at night fall, unless this new mystery is satis factorily cleared up.' " So" not a word was spoken before the heiress, who, as her friend observed with satisfaction, looked brighter, and had raorc life iu her face *han she had worn for many a day. After breakfast Margaret strolled out of the French window on to the lawn, calliug..her dogs round her, and Mrs. Moriston, observing that she was not dressed for walking and had uot even put on a hat, was in no fear that the girl would go far enough from the house to encounter any danger. And so, while the dogs capered joyously about, Margaret walked on in the morning sunlight, building pleasant castles in the air. She met the head gardener, Ash, who inquired her wishes about certain new plants she had ordered, and all the while, though she appeared to be listening to what he said, her thoughts had travelled far away to that possible future, when Godfrey Byng should return, changed by time and hardship and the knowledge of her constancy, and they two would live a new life J together. v i • After her brief dialogue with the: gardener she went on down a shady j walk, the dogs frolicking before, but she | bad no intention of going on into the | woods beyond, though the animals had dashed through the fence and were soon lost to view. She put her silver whistle to her lips to recall the run aways, who were uttering excited barks not far off, and who continued to bark, notwithstanding her repeated signals, which heretofore they had always obevod. Then Margaret forgot everything except probable danger to her pets from traps, and she ran into the wood, calling tlicir names imperatively. One of them, Dan, came leaping to wards her across the tangled brushwood, but immediately darted back to his companion, who remained out of sight, harking sharply. 'He must be caught in a trap!' exclaimed Margaret, hurrying in the direction of the sound, and a moment or two took her within sight of the dogs, who, violently excited by some object huddled at the fuot of a tree, now attempted to draw her to the spot. The next instant her ear caught a distinct moau. Merciful heaven ! If. is a man !' she gasped, and forced her trembling limbs to tile side of the prostrate figure. The latter, hound and gagged as lie was, perceived her, and uttered another moan. A shock of dreadful fear ran through her, as she now took in the fact of the gag, and the stout leathern thongs that effectually strapped the arms and limbs, rendering the man helpless. Iu an instant she had knelt down and removed the gag, supporting meantime the head of this hapless fellow-being. ' Thank Cod he feebly uttered, upon which Margaret cried out as.she recognised her neighbour: 'Mr. Olford!' ' Can you manage to unstrap my feet ?' said lie, gaspingly. I will try. and I will get help.' Ho, no. Don't leave me. The villains have left me my knife ; with tlmt you can cut the straps.' Too deeply concerned to trouble him just now with any questioning, Mar garet found the knife, and after exer cising all her strength, cut through the I thongs.' ' Ah ! how can I thank you ?' moaned J the poor gentleman. ' How try to re lease my arms, and I will attempt to I walk to the house if yon will let me.' ! Margaret's trembling fingers went to work again on the remaining fetters which hound the unfortunate Mr. Olford, and she had to dash the tears of pity from licr eyes before she could complete her work of deliverance. Then she aided hira to rise—no easy task, for be was stiff and chilled, and the shook and misery he had endured had en feebled him. leaning against a tree, his hand rest ing on Margaret's ready arm, he essayed to walk. ' I will not ask you anything now. Only let me get you into the grounds— there wc can have help,' said she, her concern increasing. ' You came just in time,' he mur mured. Then they moved slowly on, she leading him, he panting for breath, and shivering. The dogs had merrily caught up the leather straps, iu obedience to Margaret's command to take them home, and now ran forward, frisking and sbahjug the straps, tlius attracting the notice ot Asa, the gardener, who was planning certain alterations which Miss Thorpclcigh wished made. ' Whatever have yoxi got there, Dan? cried he, as the animal dropped some thing at his feet; racing oil with it again, however, before he could see flcarly wlmt the dog had in its month. Then Dan's companion, Trap, raced up, comporting himself in the self-same manner, and by this time Mr. Ash per ceived a handkerchief fluttering, as if to attract attention, and then he heard a ' Why, that was Miss Thorpelcigli's voice, surely " and he ran towards the signal made. Sure enough there was his youug mistress, paler than he had ever before seen her, aud by lier side was a gentle man sitting ou n bank. A second glance told him that it was the missing owner of the Kuius. ' Thank God, you're found, sir,' ejaculated the gardener. ' Can you help mc—up to the house, AshV returned Mr. Olford. _ 'Bring the pony chair,' cried Mar garet. ' Tell them to get coffee— brand}-—and send off a groom to let Mr. Beginald know.' ' Yes, ma'am. I will - be hack direetlv.' Asli was as good as his ^yord. In another five minutes the cruelly mal treated gentleman was reposing on a couch in the library. One messenger was depatcbcil to his son, another to a doctor—while Margaret remained he side him, entreating him, with tears in her ej'es, to try to cat something. ' And when he had swallowed some coffee he discovered that he was raven ously hungry, and devoured the chicken with much good will which Margaret offered him, after wliieh he smiled languidly, and said, more in his usual voice, ' I shall pall through now.' So that when the medical man, so hastily summoned, arrived, he declared that rest and complete quiet were all that were needed. ' Stay here then as long as ever it suits you, Mr. Olford,' urged Margaret, hospitably. ' I have already sent to Mr. Reginald.' ■ 'My dear young lady, you are a marvel of womankind,' returned he, j smiling. ' All this time you have not asked nic how T eame into the cruel plight from which you delivered me, so anxious have you been to house and aid me. But it is time"! told yon my story. I suppose all the country side knew that I was missing ?' ' All except Miss Thorpcleigh, sir,' replied the house steward, who was in attendance. 1 Mrs. Moriston forbade us to inform her of it.' And it was she who discovered me. How strange!' ' Ah, here she comes !' said Margaret, ' in time to hear what you have to toll, and to congratulate you ou your safety. Mrs. Moriston, here is Mr. Olford.' My dear, Mr. Olford 1' exclaimed the elder lady, hastening to greet him, ' 1 was in the grounds looking for Miss Thorpeleigh, and have hut this moment heard that yon were here. What can have happened to you ? The whole neighbourhood is in a ferment. Your son and all your household, together with most of- the people at Wrexley, have been searching for you nil night. The news only reached us this morning.' ' My dear madam, Miss Thorpeleigh has outdone them all, for it is she who has discovered and delivered me.' ' But where ? And, again, what happened to you ?' ' I was walking home by the Ruins (as I have been accustomed to do, but will never do again) when someone tripped me up from behind, and I found myself helpless in the grasp of two men, who threatened to take my life if I made the least sound, and hurried me forward into the midst of the Ruins, then to one of tho underground rooms. I could not straggle, as, my captors had put on handcuffs, and I was completely at their mercy.' ' You were robbed 1' ejaculated • Mrs. Moriston. ' Indeed I was, notwithstanding my precaution of never carrying watch or money at night. My desire to disabuse the villagers of a belief iu old Sir Godfrey's ghost has cost me very dear.' ' But if you had no money with you or valuables, Mr. Olford ?' interposed Margaret. — - ~ - ' M y dear young lady, tho thief of tho bandits who swooped down upon me had planned even-thing as only an educated man, and also one well versed ill the ai t of extorting money, could do. In tho underground passage, where a light might safely he struck without attracting attention, I was presented with a leaf from my cheque book, filled in for the amount of one thousand pounds. Tliis I was required to sign, or, in lieu of compliance, I was told to expect instantaneous death.' 'And you signed this cheque?' cried Margaret, while her friend with lqdifteJ hands and eyes iuveighed against the robber. ' I did—at length,' replied Mr. Olford. 11 suppose you had no alternative?' inquired Margaret. ' At least so I believed, my dear, or I would not liave signed away my thou sand pounds. Xo doubt the cheque was converted into cash, as soon as my London banker's house was opened this morning. To secure this I was detained all night somewhere, where I could not see, for my eyes were kept bandaged. I was, however, compelled to walk a good distance, as I judged between three and five o'clock, after which I was bundled into a cart, and at length deposited, hound aud gagged, in the wood where vou discovered and released 'Aral how.long, had you lain there?1 aslced Margaret compassionately. ' Oh, to think you were so near us, and we not there to give you help. But why do we waste time in talking? Ought we not to communicate with the police ' No haste will save my thousand pounds I feel assured. Let me send a telegram to my bankers to ascertain if the cheque was cashed this morning ?' ' By all means,1 rejoined Margaret ; ' I will write it at your dictation.1 1 1 Thank you very much, my dear. How much you have done for me already to- day. Write, then, "a mes sage to this effect: " W as a cheque for a thousand pounds, signed by Edmund Oiford, payable to one James Hills, cashed this morning?11 1 There was a slight cry from Margaret1 s lips as the pen fell from her hand. 1 Are you ill ? What is the matter, my dear?1 cried Mrs. Moriston, hasten ing to her side. But the girl gave no answer, and her death-like pallor alarmed those around her. She felt, indeed, as if she had received her death-blow. Was that the meaning of Godfrey^ refusal to take money from her ? Had lie intended all the time to obtain it in this tenable manner ? ' Only speak to us. Tell me if you are in pain. Oh! she is fainting.1 ' They laid her hastily on a couch, mug for her maid, and applied the usual restoratives, but it was a loDg time before the unhappy girl reopened her eyes, and when at length she did so, she stared vacantly before her, and uttered no word. ' This is trul}- alarming. Fetch Dr. Church back aguiu. We cannot move her just yet. Margaret, dear! Do you know where you are ? Speak to me, I entreat you.1 — At tliis appeal from Mrs. Moriston she seemed slowly, and without pain, to regain her consciousness, for she said, tremulously: 1 Yes, 1 know; I am at home. Let me ho quite still for a little while.1 ' You shall, dear; hut try to take this spoonful of wine. It may revive yon.1 She submitted, bat pushed it away after a mere sip, closing her eyes as if exhausted. In the midst of the scene tlie butler, unaware that his young mistress had been seized with illness, announced ' Mr. Beginald Oiford.' and the latter, with suppressed agitation, walked up to his fathers side. ' Father i1 he cried, 'are you un hurt ?1 ' Oh, I am all right now, my hoy. But I suppose yon have already heard of the uncomfortable experience 1 have passed through ?1 'Yes, father; and the motive was robbery, of course? 1 ' The villain made mo sign a cheque for a thousand pounds.1 'Ah!1 'Yes, ray hoy—but perhaps Mrs. Moriston will allow us to talk in another room. Miss Thorpeleigh lias liad a sort of fainting lit. owing, I am sure, to all she has been doing for me.1 . — • 1'Ukims go icto the small drawing roo:n, Mr. Olford, and I trill gladly come to you promptly,' said Mrs. Moria'on._ Then Margaret suddenly tried to sit up. ' ' Jlon't go away,' sho said faintly ' X—I want to hear—all.' 'Another time dear llargarct—not now,' urged Mrs. Moriston. ' Xo, now i' sho repeated,, with an eagerness as if life and death depended on what she might learn. ' Yi'c must not thwart her,' whispered her friend, ' so go on talking, please.' ' To whom were you compelled to make that cheque payable, father?' asked lleginald, almost as eager to hear as poor Margaret herself. 'To James Hills, cx-under-kccper at Oak Park. And here comes the reply to my telegram. Xow we shall hear if the cheque was cashed as soon as the hank was open.' 'Yes, oh, yes!' added he, tearing open the yellow envelope. ' " Cheque cashed at five minutes past ten!' Reginald bad sprung to liis feet. ' James Hills!' he exclaimed. 'Father, do you know who that man really is? I did not guess till this morning. It was just getting light. I had heen all night searching lor you among the ruins ' ' "Well, my boy ?' 'Father, I saw a man cross one of the grass-grown courtyards. Martin Lawford was with inc; he saw him ai clearly as I did, and recognised him as his fathers late keeper. But I—I re cognised him for someone else.' 4 What! you know who he is, then V exclaimed his father. Yes, and under these circumstances I must speak out; it seems a duty. Reluctant as I am to disclose another man's secret, I cannot be silent now I Prepare yourself for a great shock of surprise; a Yery great one.' Well, my hoy, I must bear it, I suppose,' rejoined Mr. Olford, while, as to Margaret, she had bent forward, fixing her large eyes with intense fer vour on Reginald Olford's face. * Who—who is he T she asked, in a voice which made them all shiver— there was such a tone of dread and1 despair in it. ; Then the young man was recalled to the fact that he ought not to have per mitted his feeling for his father to have made him oblivious of another fact— the message which this very man,: James Hills, alias Godfrey Ryng, had once sent, that ncver-to-bc-forgottcn June aftemoou, to Margaret Thorpe leigh. The man had not committed suicide. He had been playing the role of one, merely to. excite compassion and get out of tlic way of his creditors. Could there be a doubt of it ? Reginald Olford was painfully silent, as these reflections darted through his brain. Who is he'? Who is lie ? ' re peated Margaret, so vehemently that no one present could avoid the conclusion that the answer was of vital moment to her. Perhaps I ought not to have said anything about it in your presence, Miss Thorpeleigh,' stammered the yonng man. On the contrary, it is I whom it concerns,' she said, half-rising, her colour fluctuating rapidly, 4 and 1 insist on knowing*' 4 My dear boy,' interposed his father, why should not Miss Thorpeleigh he be aequintcd with what she says it con cerns her to know ? Do not keep us all in suspense.' "Well then,' said Reginald, with evident reluctance,; when I saw the man whom Martin Lawford recognised as James Hills X knew him at cnce for somebody else, who had moved in a very different position in life, and who was the occasion of. a great deal of annoyance and pain to me whilst I was laid up in town last June. He is the man who came to me with a threat to commit suicide—I mean Mr. Godfrey Bvtig.1 The dead silence which followed this announcement was even move an evi dence of the thrill.oi surprise to which it gave rise than any outburst of words would have been. [xo BK CONTINUED NEXT WEEX.J Eight per cent of the regular British army 4*litehhuul laddie*.*' -** 