A Burdekin Grievance. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—In "Notices to Correspondents" In your Issue of the 6th instant your replies to " Enterprise" lead me to conclude that the queries have reference to a matter con- nected with this dlßtrict, and, for the infor mation of your correspondent and to ventil ate a public grievance, I beg leave to detail the circumstances. For some time past the firm of Drysdale Bro«., a large planting and mill-owning firm In this district, have monopolised a portion (some two miles) of one of our main roads, to the surprise and annoyance of the selectors. This firm occupy the land upon both sides of the road, and during last sea son grubbed several hundred acres of their land and stacked the timber on the road, and commenced constructing a railway along It. The road in question is three chains wide, being the main stock route of the district, and extends for twenty-five miles. No one could tell what authority this firm had for their action, but as they had already cut five water channels across it and built a flume twenty chains along it of a height just sufficient to brain a horse man who might attempt to pasß under It, no one thought it at all extraordinary that they should go a step or two further and appropriate the whole dißtrlct. In Decem ber last I was returned as a member of the Ayr Divisional Board, and took my seat, whereupon I called the board's attention to the state of this road, and asked the chairman for information upon the subject. I did not get any— In fact, my question did not evoke a ghost of a reply. The chairman and members were dumb —ashamed of themselves, I would fain "believe. I then referred to the minute-book, and found that in October previous Messrs. Drysdale had written to the board asking for permission to apply for a resumption of 2 chains off this road, for a distance of two miles, on which to construct a tramway. Very little notice was taken of it, but objection waa made by some of the boardmen, so I am assured by one of themaelves, and the matter was supposed to have dropped. With out waiting for any confirmation, suppos ing the application to have been acceded to, the clerk immediately wrote to Messrs. Drysdale informing them that their appli cation to close or resume this portion of the road had been granted. When I found this out, I addressed the Minister for Lands, under date 9th January, pointing out that the whole thing had been conducted In secrecy, and the portion of the publio in terested were opposed to it, and asked that further action might be deferred until the wishes of the people might be ascertained. I got a printed form, acknowledging receipt and stating my letter would receive atten tion in due course, but have received noth ing further. On the 9th Instant I forward ed a protest to the Minister, got up in a hurry, and signed by nine selectors, three being members of the Divisional Board, and we now learn that the Minister has granted a lease to the Drysdales for a year. It would be Interesting to know why the department has gone out of its usual course in closing a road without advertising or gazetting it. You must (bear in mind that this la not a tramway, but a steam railway, and apart from the principle of heedlessly interfering with the roads of a district, we take our objection on the following grounds :—<l) That as a stock route 8 chains in width is required, and If it Is narrowed In one place, why not through the whole length of the road. (2) A similar application was made by another selector some months be fore and refused. (3) The applicant occu pying the land on both sides of the road should not require to encroach upon the road. (4) That a steam engine running backwards and forwards across and along a road which is a main thoroughfare renders it dangerous to horsemen, and es pecially to ladles and others driving, and where It can, as in this case It can, be avoided, it should not be allowed. I do not express myself as warmly as I could, but merely make a plain statement of facts, and leave the public to judge how " klßßlng goes by favour," but I may have something more to «ay in future.—l am, air. Ac, COLIN MUNRO. Drynle, Lower Burdekln, 16th February. (On inquiry from the Lands Department, we learn that on the Slst October, 1896, Messrs. Drysdale Bros, applied for a special lease of the area of this road, 2 chains wide by 19 chains long (our correspondent says the length is 2 miles), on the north-east side of the road, and enclosed with their application the formal consent of the Ayr Divisional Board to the closure of the road. The letter containing the board's assent was signed by the clerk. Had this consent not been enclosed, the department would have immediately taken steps to ascertain the feeling of the Divisional Board in the mat ter. The matter was then referred to the Land Board, who fixed the lease for a period of twelve months, at a rental of 10s. per acre per year, the Government reserving the right of resuming the land at any time In the twelve months on giving notice to the lessees and paying compensation for Im provements, no compensation to bo paid by the Government at the end of the term, the lessees having the right to remove the im provements thereon. The lessees to take steps, during the term of the lease, for the closure of the road in the usual manner, which necessitates the advertising of the fact, and allows of objections being lodged. The lease is thus a temporary and tentative affair.—Ed. " Q.") 