THE 'NE \V,LY: - fflSGQ VERED S'XXINQS OF CHRIST. It is odribus to reflect that a tiny Bcrap( of papyrlis, not (fin square, dug up a fewj weeks dgd out of Egyptian sands, and covered with time-faded characters, should send a, thrill of interest through tho oivilised World (says "Tho Argus"), and fill innumerable newspapers, at tho ond of tho nineteenth century, with speculation and comhient. Two thousand ycAis ago, on tho tklge of tho Libyan desert, 120j miles south (if Cairo, stood a flourishing; Roman City called Oxyrynchus. Tho city! has long ago perished. Its ruins nrej buried uhdCr the wind-blown sands of the! desert. But thoip.ryingrcurioftRy<7of, nineteenth- century oxplorors has searched ; ns with A friicroscoiHJ, tho ruined temples,; the long-buried palaces, and oven thoj 'foiQtVnruhbish-hcaps of Oxyrynchus, j and tho refiulb lias been a very aniazingj " find;"- Fifteen centuries ago somebody,! moved by either a passion for order or ai hate of iitcraturo, carried out in scores of; baskots sbuie thousands of raanusoripts: from the libraries of the placo to the local j rubbish-heaps, and sefcjfiro tnuthem. Thoj half-chdrred'baskcte, with their contents!: have just teen dug up, and they form the< greatest literary treasure discovered for! centuries. The Egyptian authorities have; taken toll of tho find in the shape of 150) complete rolls; bub no leas tljap ;280i boxes df 'vpapyri- fragments -have' -beont taken to Englund. Thoy aro written inj half-a-dozen languages, and they stretch,- as far as date is concerned, through thci first half-dozen centuries of tho Christian; ora. Thoy consist, in tho main, of ancient business documents;— contracts/ wills, fi letters, reports, See — but a rich vcinsofj litoraturo runs through them. Thoru are .fragipents of Homyr, of AriBtqphanes, of- Thucydidca ; stanzas of Sapphic pootry a chron616y ranging from B.C. 400 to B.C. '850, iffic;1.' Not ono-tonth 'the treasuro has been deciphered, butj ippngst tBosu. dailt :with is therscrap,qfj faded papyrus bearing eight sentences — only six of which can.. be deciphered — ; Which fotf'Startled -the- world ;\s:'-l>emg: some previously unrecorded sayings of .Christ.. That j,Utislne<w)y-discoverod, papyrus-leaf is the oldest bit of Christian literature yub discovered se$m& .probable. ; Tho two oldest' existing MSS.' of the Now- Testament— the famous Codox Sinaiticus: discovered by Tischcndorf in:thotConvehti of St Katharine, and the Codox Vati-j canus, which slumbered forgotten so long! in some1 cabinet in.. tho Vatican— are of later date than 300 a i>. Tho data of any> particular manuscript is a question for: experts, and haSjte;th'q.,40dyi)iQ0 consideration of 'such' details "as the form of tho letters, the texture of tho manu script, the prosenco or absoncu of accents, style ofthecontractions. &c.; The: papynis fragment here discussed was found with' a cluster of writings belong ing to ttie Aecond and third centuries; and on tliis fuc.togpthe-with .Uniform of the lottera ahd'hther chanteterirtics, is based tlio claim that tho fragment falls within tlio period of 150—300 a. p., and Bo is a century jnldor than any of the say. inga.of iciirist hitherto known. If this he true, it mhkos .this faded page tho most precious' bit of Iitcraturo the world pos sesses today. It is .'not incrodible, it is even probable, that other versions of Christ's sayings than those now embodied iiitheiuurGospels may.yet bo.cliscoyqred. That there wore such writings is certain. , St Luke'hiiusolf, in a well-known pass, age, gives1 ur a hint of ' many lives of Christ already in existence when ho iyrotc,< at;hey.;!hiye)j|jjhssed jioi com pletely into' oblivion a proof that thoy were not generally, accepted and.used:hy the earfy ' Christian church. But sorae copies may well have survived, and if th®y-aretb. found 4nyvth®v® dt is jn Egypt, vyhpso ancjenb ruins, buried in sriod sands ovor which a rainless atipos. phere bloods, are eminently favorable to the preservation of even fragile objects. In form the nowly-dlsoovcrod fragment suggests -the logia or collectcd "sayings of Christ;" of which we know, on tho evidence, .;nqpy.exi3tedVi_..Of the six sentences already deciphered, one is certainly a genuine utterance of our Lord; for.'ifiieidaiidihbne.of ih'nafreifrted four Gospels. At least three others ar0 more varhints of tho accepted and reoorded utterancos.of Christ.. . It .iant(leAS.t pro bable, thorefore, that theso faded letters, traced by some hand turnod to dust more thui fifteen centuries ago, reproseiit sayj jngs of Christ written by someono who had actually/' .conversed, wHh tJip ,Appadqf< Aqd perhaps literary treasures yut njqre srtling' are awaiting tho shovel of tho explorer ' and the microscope of tho scholar. The possibility that pages of long-discovered logia would at some.time be discovered, has always been recog nised, pattty in fear and partly in hope. ;Any day,- according to t\\\e expectation ql leoiqe, ' loqg:bqrje4 tqanuscript might eiqcrge whiafi woujd give us a new Christy would obange-.the wholo oom-" plexionof Christian theology, turn ancient oroeds Into waste (taper, glvo us a now etiiics, and; generally, shake the very foundations of tho Christian ohurch 1 That treasures of Christian Iitcraturo of priceless VAlue will yet bo discovered is highly prdbable';- but; the precedents are not favorable to any expectation that these dicbVeries .will. altr. the. world's conception of Christ. The papyrus-leaf fq||ni jq BJgypt orjnly dqe qof ahift the qentrii of Christian doctrine. Tho "sayings" it records aro exactly in the key pf hterjo Gospels. It is not merely thet they 4q not reveal new truths | thoy do not ohange the angle or vary the tint of old truths. Meanwhile, tho purely seoular interest of theae reoent dtscovorles Is very groat. Egypt Is simply one vast cabinet of historical and literary relics ; and almost every week some new drawer 'in this. ancient cabinet is being opened/ Thus at £)l-?£ab, near Luxor, within the last few weeks, a great find of bronzes,'. more than 700 in number, and of amazing antiquity, has been brought to \ f — - light. Fifty .mUes south of Cairo, at DeshashehMr iFlinders Petrio has hit upon a patch of grnvos, tho burial-places of a raco, as ho caleulates, 3500 B.C. ; and these graves arc full of memorials of a civilisation .which flourished before fcho( Pyramids were built. Over a hundred graves havo been openod, and Bomo re markable statues discovered, with frag ments of strange art. Amongst thoj massive sycamore coffins which Mri Flinders Potrio has carried to London is. ono in which lioa the skeleton of a woman; . whoso thigh. ha<£. plainly, boon .tfrqkon_iri'. youth/ and'tho"Tfdunion of 'tho bones left: Jjjinadphoyte? . thnntlm. otho..limb.' And besido tho skeleton iin.tholcoffin.iios tho staff which helped this woman's limp- ingiBtbps- whon:«sho walkod ».tho .earth before tho patriarchs wqro born I The 280 boxes of jiapyrus fragments 'just car ried to London JrqniHOxyrhyimhu?vwjll cortainly yiol jliteruiy. tyeasuros bf grbqb value. Many a long-forgotten poem, or Iqpg-silont-, legend,, or longrdead chapter. ofrHistorj, mayj.cniprgo, ghost-liko, from these half-cliarrcd baskets. But, in a' sonse, better.oveRi than » hqwi stanzas from Homer, or from ; Sappho; or now jests froth Aristophanes; will bo tho light shod on tho social , habits i and. institutions of a long-perished civilisation . by tho letters- and>iho wilik/thb leases Aud tho busiriess eontracls, .which,. form so; largo ka part of this great fihd." Wo shall learn, in deed, at first hand, how. men and women bought and sold, gossiped And wrangled, mado lovo and1 foil -out 'with eaoh other, in-thpsedong-silentagtis >twhqn,tho Druids yet worshipped in Great Britain, a Crosar roigncd in Romo, and: ,nob6dy. ihad'i. so. much as dreamed of Australia 1 