A GREAT WRONG; OR, THE J u r s T E i i r o r b l a c k JTOLLOir CJIANGE. CHAPTKR III.—Continued. He turned to the lounge and looked at tbe ffcCe of the child. Clotilde crept a step nearer and looked down upon tbe pretty le.ee; it was cold and still; but a faint color presently enme to the cheek*, and she could gee tbe eyelids quiver. Tbe mother's beatt stirred wi{h an infinite pity and tctidcrncss. "Oh, Andrew," she cried, clasping her hue. band's arm, •• he is alive. I will do all you ask, only spare the boy, and let him go back to my sister." That he may appear by.and-bye, like tho hero of a novel, and wrest my title and my wealth from me J " be answered, with ahoareo laush '• No. I'm not such a fool as that. I'll make everything secure as I go." "But, Andrew, no one knows. Oh, for Heaven's sake 1 do not stain your soul with murder," implored poor Clotilde, in agony. His face whitened and his lips twitched. He wat not wholly cruel; but he steeled his soul against the pleadings of his better nature, and turned upon her with the face of a fiend. "Silence f Woman, remember your oath I" he thundered/ " The dead tell no tele*. He shall die 1" 8he cowered away from bim, and he took np the body of the child, rolled it in a blanket, and left the room, with the bundle in his *rms. Clotilde stood while and breathless for an Jnetant, then she clutched at her shall, wound it about her iuadfand fo:iowcd bim out into th«s dark r*!ny iiiglit. She rcached hanks of the Loire erca before he did. so swift she flew, and crouching beneath theiuw-droopng branches, waited ami watched. 11c came on. his step crunching upon the sands. 11« approached the shore, half-a-dozeu yards from iu-r hidir.g.placft, lowered his burden. an i looted cautiously around. The ilrrarr sands were *ilent and dark, but from below came the ran .".led beat of oars. There WM iio tim? to lose. Me rai'pd the isptjt bunmcan;i fiuned ittar out imo the dark stream. As the body struck the water, the guilty man turned and fled like one escaping with bit life. Clotilde arose like a spectre, straining her eyes over tli'j black rippling tide. " I must save him," she murmured. " Holy Mother, do thou help me I " Tiien she plunged in ; she was a fisherm.m'a daughter, and in beriiirlbood could swim like a fiso. Sue had not forgotten the art now. S:ie struck out for the place where the body w<»nt down, her eves watching every ripple with agonieingeagerness. Freseiii ly she uttered a tremulous cry, for something aroge to the surface just beyond ner. " Holy Mother, help mc 1 M ihe breathed again, as slic dnrt~ i towards it. A few more strokes aud she grasped the rising oKject, and, panting, she made ber way to the bhore and w:,6 soon eafe upon tne (nnd«. Uttering prayers with every breath, she t>>re away the blanket aud lifted the ohild's bead to her bosom. *• He breathes! lie lives I" soe cxclaimcd. The water lias restored him to consciousness :" Sue rained tears and kisses, on the little white facc. "Mydarling 1 Oh, thank Heaven, I have savtd my husband's eoul from tbe Bin of murder 1 " The dip of oars was now heard. She wrapped the child in tue dripping blanket, clasped him clo-c to her panting bosom, and tuea laid him softly down upon the moist, j nriipni warm eaml. 6ands. "Help! help J " she cricd. " Then, as a boat's keel grated on the shore beyond, aud tbe sound of voices came to her cars, she bounded up and darted through the rainy darknesss like a lapwing. And the little lad, the wail of the wreck, all stunned and wounded, and half drowned, yet still alive, lay abandoned by the brink of tbe iwift-flowing river. Clotilde sped on over the sodden fields with a strength and endurance almost super* human. Her cottage was closcd and silent when she reached it, yet she quivered with terror as she crept to the door, lest her husband should have returned. Despite her tenor, however, she entered, for within, in his little cot-bed, i | : , lies her son, the one child of her wedded lore; and no peril, no danger could cause her to forsake him. She crept in and found that her husband was still absent. Looking down upon the sleeping boy a swift thought came to her. She would take her child aud run away, no matter whither, so sac could escape from her mad husband. Swift as lightning she tore off her wet garments and put on her best apparel; then she took the sleeping boy in her arms and darted towards the door. Bhe was out, and the summer rain was falling on ber throbbing bead before she remembered her oath, never, under any circumstances, to desert berbusoand. A piteouscry came from her ashen lips, and she reeled tike one in a faint. I swore by the crucitix," she moaned; " I dare not break my Odth." Her husband's laugh of exultation answered her. " No, you dare not break it," he repeated. " You are a dead woman it you CTer do. Take the lad into the bouse, and bestir yourself ; we have —- to lose." Sue obeyed him without a word ; and betore break of day they were on their journey. CHAPTEB IV. THE srrsTcur OF BLACK HOLLOW GEANGE. " Lenore, my dear, I have good news for /out this morning." Miss Trevetiiyn arose lazily from ber favorite sofa in tue reccss of the bay.window and closed her book. The very handsomest young lady in_.all Loudon, tbe belle of the gay season that was omy just over, aad an heiress inner own right, this «as Miss Lenore Trevethon, Sir Geoffrey l'revetbon'e ward and kinswoman. The baronet bowed gallantly as he drew forward a chair. " (jood news, my dear," he repeated, iubbing his shapely white hands tu^tiiicr ; "excellent news ! Come, now, cauyou guess what it is I" The young lady's wonderful blue eyes darkened, and sue brought down her dainty foot a trifle impatiently. " No ; I suail not try. I aBT not good at guessing, 6ir Geoffrey, if you have anything to tell tuat is worttrtitaring, pray speak out at once. Uy book is so entertaining, and it if very provoking to be interrupted." Sir Geoffrew smiled graciously on bis imperious young ward. Of ail guardians that erer existed he was tbe kindest and most for. tearing. From ber childhood pretty Uiss Trevetnon had reigned and ruled like • queen. True enough, my dear. But when one has good news, you know. So you won't guess ? Well, well, must tell you 1 Ilichmond is coming home." Miss Trevethon threw b»4c her graceful bead, and laughed until the room rang with silver echoes. " Well, now, Sir Geoffrey, that is too good a joke. Richmond coming home? Why, he has been doing tbe self-same thing for the last twelve months or more." " So he has, Lenore. lie is a sorry dog, as I told him in my letter, " I don't wonder that you are indignant. Indeed, the wonder lies in your extreme forbearance." " My forbearance. Sir Geoffrey 1 Bless yon, sir, there is no need for forbearance f Richmond could not please mc better than by staying away. I only hope he'll make a trip to tbe antipodes before he readies England." The baronet laagaed with genial good humor. A pleasant) handsome,good-humored gentleman is Sir Geoffrey, thirteenth baronet of his line, albeit bis brow is furrowed and bis hair growing gray—a favorite w<cn s u who know bim, especially with the ladies. A dozen timet be might hare chosen a wife from the fairest and best bom women in the land since his accession to the baronetcy; for some cause be had seen fit to remain a widower. Some say that a youthful lolly, which earned so much trouble between bim and bis dead father, cured him forever ef all thoughts of lore: others hint that be lives loyal and true to the one woman for whose sake he resigned his noble birthright ; that bis heart is buried in bis wife's faraway grave. Atali events tbe baronet fa not married, guxtghfaischaBces bave been tempting, for * -fowfafclf a«ctte of yean he bu § genial, hospitable life at the anccstral mansion, LyuditU Ilal', an upright, honorable gentleman, a Christian, and a philanthropist ; a man widely beloved and universally trusted Out for some reason Jits f.tir ward and kinswoman has never thoroughly lined her guardian, though she has lived under his roof so many yea is, Bhe obeys him ; or, to tell tbe truii), be obeys ber, for the pretty, spirited century has a will of ber owu, and Sir Geoffrey sutlers her to have her way, and indulges all her capriccs. He only controls her immense fortune. Of that Lcuore is utterly ignorant and equally indifferent. Sue only knows that she will forfeit it—all the tine old estates and the immense Trevethon wealth — if she fails to marry Sir Geoffrey's son before she attains her twenty first year, and being passionately fond oE elegance, and case, aud luxury, Mis»~Trevethon has no dream of forfeiting ber right to her queenly heritage. She well knows the conditions o£ her pool father's will, has known them since her childhood. She knows, too, that years ago, when sbc was scarcely more than a baby, 6he was most solomniv betrothed—indeed wedded— to h*r cousin Richmond. From the neat goia cbain that glitters on her wbtte bosom tho tiny^symbol of that childish marriage Still hangs. In bis last will, her father implored his only and dearly beloved daughter not forany cause to set jiside that childish marriage, but in obedience to his life-long wish, to become her cousin Richmond's wife. Failing to obey his wishes, Miss Trevethon forfeits ber right as heiress, and the Trerctbon fortune goes to a remote scion of the family, and she and her cousin are. both left penniless. But Miss Trevethon has no thought of disobeying ber dead father's last wish and will. 8he holds that marriage of her childhood sacred and binding : the tiny betrothal ring glitten on her bosom, and when Richmond comes home she will marry him. Her guardian knows this weil, and, trnsU ing to her integrity, allows her unbounded freedom. Since her return from tbe French convent, where the better part of her youth had been passed, her life has been a series of successes. Her first season was a triumph, and she has received some of the Tery best offers that Celgravia can afford. An earldom with its tempting coronet has been laid at her feet, and she has rejected it, as she rejcctcd all the others- When Richmond comes home she will be« come bis wife, and make him master of her splendid heritage, the heritage so rightfully his own. Richmond linpers abroad, has lingered for years, with the fairest and richest bride in wide England, awaiting his coming. Cut Lenore is by no mean* impatient; she rather dreads bis return than otherwise, she loves her girlish freedom so well. Shu knows little of the man who washer boy-bridegroom, and is to be her future husband, for they have seen each other only at long intervals, and very brief periods. What be is or is not she has had little opportunitiss for learning, yet, despite her repugnance, her utter indifference, when he comes, she will obey her dead father's command, and become his wife. The baronet knits his brow* a trifle darkly at her laughing response, but his answer is entirely pleasant. ' Well, well, he is certainly on his way to England this time. We may look to see bim any day now in a week's time, and once here," he adds, with pointed gallantry, "he will never care to leave again.'" To which flattering assertion the young lady makes no response whatever; but her chaperon, and the baronet's bosom friend. Lady Ifalstead, rising from another sofa, taps her jeweiled snuff-box, as she remarks : " It is most de^ontly hoped he will not, for tbe good of all concerned, myself especially. The sooner be gets here, and tbe sooner the legal wedding is well over, the better I shall be pleased." , "- May , la, lil5S I nsk why ?" questioned the young ; tady, serenely. f h' e dowager shuts her snuff-bar with ti jarp snap \- 1 " You ask why, as if you didn't know. IVby, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two if I don't get you well off my hands. Catch me in such a fix ajrain 1 There's not a day in the week, Sir Geoffrey, out she throws me into a fever with her follies. She is the very maddest madcap outside jf Bedlam." Miss Trevethon shrugs her white shoulders .n imperial scorn, and the baronet only *mi!es. The dowager toys with her snuff-box and fontinnes : " And now, in view of Itichmond's retnrn •nd the approaching wedding,I want to know, ,n tbe name of common sense, if you do not .ntend to abandon that absurd trip to the Highlands ?" Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely bows toward his ward. She lifts her radiant glance irom her open book. "Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned," she replies. " We shall leave Lynditli Hall within an hour." "As the queen wills," responds the baronet, with a second bow. It is part and parcel of bis policy to indulge bis fair ward in all her whims, and this trip to the Ilighlands is one of them. "As the queen wills." is his gallant answer to all ber requests; he only asks to manage her vast fortune according to his own will. Lady Halstead tosses her pet poodle, Bijou, from her lap in pure vexation, and the little animal fits whimpering to the shelter of Lenore's arms. " As the queen wills! Well, Heaven be praised, the queen's reign will soon end, unless Richmond Trevethon is as great an. idiot as his father. I'll make it my business to give the young man a hint or two when he arrives." And she nods severly toward Lsnore, her black eyes twinkling with a grim humor that softens the asperity of her speech " I'll go to my room and make ready for the journey. We will go, and grill, and starve, and sleep on the ground like cattle, and mix with barbarians, because the queen wills and before a week ends the queen will come home, heartily sick of her folly and with her complexion finely tanned for ber wedding' day." • My wedding-day t' repeats Lenore, tossing aside her book and stroking Bijou's silken cars. «I'm sick of the sound of it already. Dear, dear, I do wonder where the barbarous custom of marrying and being given in marriage ever originated.?" " Why, in the Garden of Eden, to be sure," laughs Sir Geoffrey. " I only wish it bad ended there," re, torts his ward. " Pray, Sir Geoffrey, ring the bell, and I'll have Clotilde come and dress me." Sir Geoffrey rings and bows low to his ward, as if she were indeed a queen and himself her most devoted subject. And within an hoar a large party leaves Lynditli Iiall for the Scottish hills. Sir Geoffrey's party have beenin the neighborhood of the baronet's shooting-box some days before Lenore sees her way clear to accom pi ish the object she bad in vie w, when she planned the excursion. It is a glorious morning, the air pure and bracing, tbe sunshine lying m m and golden over tbe purple moors and shaggy bills. ." Miss Trevethon is ont for along walk. She" pausfe, ankle-deep in yellow gome, when the blue smoke from the shooting-box fades behind the line of black fin. *' Clotilde," addressing her attendant," we are out of sight of the whole stupid party now; Sir Geoffrey has gone deer-stalkW; Lady Malstead has sprained her foot, and the . •I ls ? ran<1 ' My opportunity has come at 1 last—1 m going to Black Hollow Grange." the woman looks np. with a endden start, ghastly' WOrD faCe £ rowin & <* shade more A strange creatore to look at, Is this com. I*™* % Trevethon's-a creature npon whom the blight of some awful crimeVor terrible sorrow, must have fallen. She is not much past her prime, yet her abundant bair is as white as snow, and there is a curious tTJZ '^""rtetf sphinx-like mysteiy in her frown face, that suggests the condition of a somnambulist. But Mis. Trevethon is qnite fond of this, her ghostly companion, for since her earliest recollection, Clotilde has been with her ®^ow,and we grow to love the creature with whom we have been may be "' matter ho w «ag»inly they , l™ this woman, who follows her day and lugbL with the dumb, watchful de- V?*'- if at times, growing impatient of her constant surveillance, the young heiras trrats her unkindly, ebe is sure to repent the minute after, and bee her oardon, which Clotilde .readily grants ?", despite her sphinx-face, the polr soul is tender and gentle, and devoted to her lovely young vnnnir niefwu mistress. ' thonl 1 ""* H ° 1IoW 0ran^. Wta Treve- Hp?® WOrd * fcU buskil f tom iter ashen follow Orange," repeals Lenore, * lth > 4efijuit laugh. «ft is over yonder feeIBSBt<? au4Ul, Xhm,bold peace, Clotilde, t know what yon would BUT. I know all about the gruesome old house, shut up since the day and hoar of tbatawfnl ve beard al! Rbout tbe M ghosts,and ail that, but 1 «n goingineverthelees. I ariZf go *nd she brings donai her pretty foot with decided emphasis. «I've lon-cd to see the place aU my life; I think of it all day and dream of it at night; I have a notion, Clotilde—I have had ever sincc I heard the awtui story, a strange notion that if lean Se—" thSt hiubp" "And, wherefore7 °' d Grange ' 16ba11 ^ some Lcnore for the IoTC ' of Heaven, Why, Clotilde, yon fl^fnm 0 , g t J °u y lmk . at ' ,,ut now * our ™^"drourkneessbakeunder you P C Mis3 Trevetho n . I implore " Not I ! My opportunity has come, and I« waited for it too long to let it slip. r m going to Black Hollow Grange!" Sir Geoffr antV^ c *- if te ^ould find Miss TreTethoa snaps her slender white lingers. " Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. I've asked him dozens of times to let me visit the old place, but he always frowned like ar. ogre, and said no. So did Lady Halstead. They don'teven know that I'm acquainted with the awful particulars of my poor mother's murder and my father's strange disappearance, but I sm. I know the whole 6tory from beginning to end ; old Kisby told me everrtbing. What an awful thing it was, Clotilde 1" Her fresh young face wbitenB as she turns it toward her companion, and a shudder runs through her lithe frame. «Yes, an awfel thing, Miss Lenore ; you should never have heard it, and you most not think of it now. Come, let us go back." "I wont; Tin going to Black Hollow Orange. As I said the notion haunts metbat once thtre I shall find some cine by which to solve the mystery of my poor father's fate. » U»d this object solely in view when I claimed this excursion; for once 1 have outwitted Sir Geoffrey. Come, we've no time to idle; the station cannot be far away. We have the day before us, and even if we do not succeed in getting back to-night there will be no great barm done^jUfill you come, Clotilde 7 Doyoa hear me ? Why, then, do yoa stand and gape like an idiot?" *'I can't go, Miss Trevethon." " Do you mean it,Clotilde? Can it be pos- Bible that at last, for once in my life, I am to be free of your shadow ? I am rejoiced at the prospect, I assure you, and I bid yon goodmorning 1" The young lady turns on her heel with a scornful laugh, but Clotilde'a tremulous touch detains her. " i beg your pardon, Miss Trevethon but I bare tried to make myself useful to you all these years." Her white lips quiver and her eyes fill witV tears. Poor, desolate soul, bereft as she has been of every earth ly tie and forced to endure a living martyrdom, tbe one solitary comfort of her wretched life is her love for her young mistress. Lenore sees the pain in the poor meek face, and instantly repents of her nnkindness. " Yoa Lave been useful, my poor Clotilde, and I wonld not be without yoa for worlds. There, forgive mc, and do not take my silly words to heart." She gives her a carressing pat on the cheek with her slender, soft band, as she continnes: " Coinc, now, we are friends again. We 6hould never fall out, Clotilda, if von would only keep iu mind tbe fact that I always do have my way in the end ; and certainly it wonld be'wise to permit me to have it in the beginning, and thereby save your breath. '"Miss Lenore, I cannot go. For the love of heaven, do not think of visiting that awful , place!" i Miss Trevethon'a swift anger blazes up | afresh. ' u Why not ? For fear of encountering the ghosts of my poor murdered father and j mother?" she demands. "Heaven send 1 j might see them! Alive or dead, in the body j or out, they would be most welcome. Why, Clotilde, you are actually shivering. What a coward you must be. Or, perhaps," she adds, struck by a sudden thought, ''you know something of that terrible mystery ? I have long wondered what secret you carry locked np in your heart. It must be a dreadful one, judging from the look of your face. Is it concerning tbe mystery of Black Hollow Grange? Can it be possible, Clotilde, that yon know something and have kept it from me all these years T" The woman whitens until her face is like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping cry. "Oh, Miss Trevethon, how should I knowl It is cruel to think I do." ' Lenore throws aside the hand that clutches at ber arm. " Perhaps it is cruel," she replies ; " but, then, if you know nothing of the mystery, you need bave no fear of the ghosts. * Once for all, will you come with me or not ?" " I cannot." " Then I shall go alone.** " Oh, Hiss Lenore, stop I Ton must not. Sir Geoffrey would be so angry." Sir Geoffrey's anger can oool; Stand aside, Clotilde!" She pushes ber companion out of tbe way and walks rapidly onward, not deigning another word or glance. Clotilde follows, wringing her bands in an agony of distress. Lenore goes on at a rapid pace. She has made up her mind to visit Black Hollow Grange at all risks, and in tbe teeth of all opposition; and, like all her race before her, Miss Trevethon has an iron will. Presently the shriU shriek of a locomotive greets her ear, and she sees a thin cloud of smoke curling over the summit of a brown bill. The train is coming. She quickens her steps, ber heart throbbing with pleasant excitement. A turn in the road brings her in sight of the way station, with its red flag fluttering in the breeze; and she succeeds in reaching the platform just ss the snorting engine comes DD. To BE OOSnXTJED. 