THOMAS JAltVIS IXTEIt VIEWED. On 'Thursday arternnon, our representative made his way to tlio humble homo of Mr. Thomas Jurvi, 43 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was difcorerod nur.dng u two year- old baby and his face declared him to bo ono of the happiest moil in Sydney. Ho was up and about and ablo to answer tho knock at tho .i„„- ULrwtirli niilo und bourinir still llio marks of u critical illness, and a period of pain, it waa vory clear tlmt ho was an invalid on tho rapid road to convalescence. In leplv to tho preliminary questions, bo said : " You want to know all nbout my case '? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. The facts may be of value lo those who arc stricken a? I was." "How long wore you suffering ? ' "Well, hvolvu months ago I got so bad that I had to louvo oK work, and I have dono nothiug since then. About five years a»o, next Christina, I mot witli anaucidont; I was badly scalded while taking a bath ini l'itt'Strcot, Sydney. .Sinco the accident I hare boon in failing health, und after four years of gradual development sf thu mnlutly I was forced to givo up my billot nt llio (Jlobo Island " "What woro the symptoms ? "Simply indescribable. Tho pains wero something terrible. Tlioy woro just nbout ns muoh its I could boar. Tlioy wore for all tho world like ns if u ««»' »'cro cutting my bonen in two ill every part of nu;. I had no control over my boivols or bladder, and was a nuisnnco to myself and ovoryono olso I wii. incessantly shivering and slinking, and could neither ent nor sleep. - On iho 2SrA .March last 1 saw a well-known doctor nnd ho told mo that my case waa utterly hopeless. Itoivevor, ho gavo mo an order to tlio Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you niako uso of tlio order?" "No t f ciniie homo nnd went to bed, nnd havo boon pretty well in bed ovor siuno. I'ivo weeks ago I t'ottld not walk across tho iloor ; in fact I could not got out of bod. I felt tlion that it was all orer with me, and only it question of days when I would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did nil ho could, by opium uml morphia pills, lo ease tlio agony 1 was in. I was under Dim for livo or sis works. Ho came to llio conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor utimu, or Prugresrivo locomotor ntiixy, n (Useiice of tho epiiml cord, character- Led by peculiar disturbance of gait, und diiiiciilly iu co-ordin.Hnisf voluntary movo- mout. Ho told mo Hint I might just for ton years nnd tlint 1 might nevor get tho uso of my logs, (Just thou the patient kicked hia leg about with energy lo show that medical opinion ii not. infallible.) Well, just as a drowning n;un will grasp at. a straw 1 grasped ut au idea convoyed by tho ailvurtiaoinenb describing tho cure effected in tho case of another boiler-maker in Kiighuid, which I read in the " AiMtruliim Workman," by Dr. Williams Pink PiiN for Palo Pooplo. I read in ti.o udvortioeiuent of a ease which Roomed to lit my owu. X determined to giro Lho Pink PilD a trial anyway, and sont for u box. Tho effect waa us marvelloua ua it was magical, 1 waa ablo to oat and sloop at though nothing waa the matter with mo. It waa the (irat appetite und rest, I had for many a day. It was incredible. 1 immediately left tho bed and was ablo to more about, I havo taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tho past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. I can walk about with tho aid of a fltick, uml um gradually, but miraty, re covering my former vigor and vitality. You aco thoso crutches there ? They are perfectly now and I have never used them, Thov woro mndo for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was loo weak to use them, and now I don't want thorn. AU I want i thi stick, und I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly rogiiuing my slrongth." " Ho is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jurris, who hud come in and taken tlio baby on hor knees. " The Pink Pills havo saved lii# Hf«» (inr! rnudo (iriotJior nmn of A friond who cnllod in at Ibis point, said that .Tunis lucked ton years younger tlmt day than lie did a fortnight previously. " 1 can now," continuod Jarvis, " havo a cold bath and all the fooling ha, come baolc in my logs, If 1 keep on going the way I am, I hope to bo able tn rosunio work us a bodor- makor, and you know I li ivo to bo in tbo vcrv pink of heullh and strength to work ut thai trade. 1 am bolter lo day than I havo boon at uuy timo during the past livo yours. 1 asoribo all llio oliungo and benefit to those pink Tills. Tlioy havo saved my lifo. I am I iu no pain now, whatever, und fool liko a now man. On tho mantelpiece there is a box of : opium and morphia pills which tho dootor 1 gave mo to deaden tho excruciating pain. Hut they can stay where I hoy aro for 1 no i longor need thorn. Everybody who knows ! mu has boon amazed at tlio change in lite. 1 Tlioy can hardly believe llioir eyes. My boing about again has caused quite a sensa tion out hero." Such is this reinnrkablo history, nnd ic confirms what is suid in all llio ohiof news- wipers of this country of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' i'ink 1 tils for Tale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial pandysis, nnd spinal diiouso, nlso tho many disorders which arise from an im poverished slate of tlio blood, such as nine una, 1 palo und sallow complexion, gonornl muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of uppolito, short ness ot breath, puiim lj«Pki ' ho|id|toj|0, (jltl. ' ' ' 