I CHAPTER III. I Thc Scent Lies. ITalking of Lexie Desailly and lier fate, in wliicli die one bad become as much Interested as the other, Mr. and Mrs. Wingate found their way al they had gazed, a few hours earlier, at what they supposed to be her home. It was now in visible amongst the distant shades, but half a mile of the green ride lay fair beneath the moon, looking like a lawn for elves to dance on. Nettie bold two of the great bars in fler little hands, and peered between them wistfully. Billy's eyes, over the top of her head, searched the night with equal eagerness. The Chase was laying a spell upon them both. The young lodge-keeper heard them talking, and came out to reconnoitre. Wingate accosted him, asking leave to enter the enclosure. The request was at once granted to an old friend of the squire's, who was exhorted to take his own time, and return when it pleased him. The man had some business of his own on hand, which would keep him up for an hour or two, and was willing to wait upon the strangers' pleasure. "We shall have time, then, to get a peep at the house," Nettie joyfully exclaimed. She was "dying," as she called it, for that satisfaction. "Perhaps, if we look sharp," said Billy. "But the length of this avenue is about three times what it looks." And they set off to walk it at a swinging pace, keeping the middle of the grass, to be as far as possible from the black shadows of the woods on either side. Nettie held tight to her stalwart hus band's hand, and after a little only spoke in low tones, glancing hither and thither in a furtive way with occasional jumps and starts; for the sense of mystery was upon her-delightful certainly, en chantingly English, but a little uncanny, all the same. Bushes to right and left rustled as they passed; twigs snapped; owls went by with no sound of wings, phantom-like; couching forms of deer arose, loomed for a moment, and disappeared. These latter were the most romantic feature of The Chase to her Australian mind, but an ant lered buck in twilight, showing himself unex pectedly, and merely as something alive and large, brings, as she expressed it, one's heart into one's mouth. The spectacle of the old mansion, when they reached the inner enclosure of the garden sur rounding it, enhanced this sense of phantasmal things, the general awsomeness of the expedition and the hour. It was, indeed, the ideal .haunted hGuse. Nettie said she had seen the very "mo ral" of it, under that title, in an old volume of the "Illustrated London News." Ivy cloaked embatted walls, and hung ragged wreaths from projections of ornamental stonework; towers and chimney stacks rose majestic from the mass, cutting large blocks out of the pellucid sky. Moss and weeds showed clear in the chinks of the flagged terraces, and unpruned growths from the once trim par terres overran the pillared balustrades and short flights of shallow steps leading from one level to another. A rusty gate hung away on a broken hinge; gravel paths were all but obliterated; storm-strewn twigs and branches of trees lay where' the wind had tossed them, bedded in rank grass; and over all this desolation the broad windows gazed blankly, from under their stone brows, like open eyes of the dead. "What a change!" Wingate muttered, in an awed voice; "oh, what ai change! I cannot un derstand it. For the boy's sajce, if not for his own-for common decency's sake-he might have kept such a beautiful place from going to rack and ruin like this! He doesn't deserve to own it. Well, I don't think we'll try to make a home here, sweetheart." "Oh, no," whispered Nettie, shivering within the arm he had thrown around her. Nevertheless, he looked about him with a keen business eye, trying to measure the extent of the dilapidation, and what it would cost to put the place in habitable repair. And while thus en gaged, detached for the moment from the senti ment of the scene, Nettie startled him with a sudden cry and a clutch upon his arm. In au instant she was within the rampart of that arm, as behind a padlocked door. "Hullo!" he cried; "what's the matter?" "Look!" she gasped. "Oh, look!" He looked hurriedly hither and thither, not knowing what she meant. "Hey? Where? I don't see anything.." "It's gone," she said, in the same dry-throated whisper. "But I saw it quite plainly-in that great window-the one hanging out on the wall up there." "Saw what, child? Oh, this is getting on your nerves!" "Billy, you may disbelieve me if you like, but I did see it-a light like a candle-in that window at the end of the wing. Watch; perhaps we shall see it again." They stared steadily for several minutes, and saw no light except the moonlight, whieh was very clear and bright. In the silence they heard rustlings in the bushes near them, and above all other noises, the thumping of their hearts. "That," said Billy, lu a low voice, "Is the wing where Lexie lived. The big window be longs to what used to he her bedroom-a great room, that was three parts sitting-room, one the finest in the house. If you really saw a cam in it, of course some one must be there. E they certainly told me it was all shut up." As he spoke they simultaneously detected figure gliding across a moon-lighted corner the terrace beneath the window. It was such shadow of a figure, and came and went so swii ly, that they barely identified it as human, a were unable to distinguish sex. Nettie smothc ed a shriek in her husband's breast. "I say, this looks very suspicious," he e claimed excitedly, while trying to soothe h alarm. "There are some little games going > that the authorities don't know anything abot evidently. Poachers-burglars-somebody ta ing advantage of the empty house for unlawf purposes." "Oh, Billy, come away, come away! Th might see us, and you are unarmed, and we a so far from help!" "Nonsense, pet! Don't he a little goose. We we'll go at once, dear-only just let me run t and see where that fellow went to, first, would be cowardly to leave them to do no 01 knows what mischief, and not lift a hand prevent it. You stay here in shelter, and I' be back in two minutes." But Nettie, mustering a fair stock of natii courage, declared that if he must go on sue an errand, she would go too. Never would st be separated from her husband, whatever hai pened. They would die together, if need wer Wingate would have preferred to make a soi tie by himself-it would have been the soont over, and he could have dealt summarily wit any difficulty encountered; the presence of h wife made an irksome caution necessary. How ever, her wish was law; and he lifted her ove the rusted gate upon which they had been lear ing, and set her little feet upon a path that let by two flights of massive steps, to the terrae under the wing that had been Lexie's privat dwelling, and the particular window in whic Nettie had seen the light. Here they proceede softly, the man holding his companion behin him with a firm grip, and keeping one eye o the window and the other on the bushes to rig! and left, until they reached the moonlit corne where the figure had been seen. Here Bill stopped and pounced upon something-somethin that lay coiled on the weedy pavement under th shadow of the balustrade like one of his nativ snakes. He pulled it out into the light, an lo, a rope of many fathoms, new and strong, wit a long thin cord attached to it, weighted at th end-similar to the tackle with which ship make fast to tug or wharf, but of inferior weigh and quality. "Burglars, of course," he remarked, delighte with his find. "Some of them must have got in and others are outside; every window on th ground floor is barred like a prison, so I sup pose they are hauling themselves into that uppe one with the rope. But how the dickens did th first one get through? In projects so far fron the wall that the ivy wouldn't help. They mus have got the line over something, but I can' see what. And the casements are shut. Then are two, in the lower part, opening like doors Lexie loved to have them open; she was so font of fresh air! By the way, there's the door o the little staircase that they say she eloped by is that shut, I wonder?" It was-hard and fast. And, when he raT half round the house, and ran back, before Net tie had time to feel deserted, he found all doors and windows wearing the same impenetrable look. And no sign of life was visible, nor fur ther trace of the, supposed marauders. In spite of which, common prudence dictated a retreat under the circumstances. "If I were alone," said Billy, "I'd get to thc bottom of this, but I can't expose you to the tender mercies of a burglar at bay. The best thing to be done is to get you safe io the inn, and then come back with what men I can mus ter, and thoroughly search the place. We will take the rascals' rope with us, at any rate, and trust they haven'J: got another." He quickly made a coil of the rope and slung it over his shoulder. With the other arm he embraced his wife and propelled her homeward. Along the cracked "and weedy flags, down the moss-grown steps, through the wilderness of tv garden they scurried, as if themselves detected housebreakers; and neither of them enjoyed the romance of the situation in the least. Bright as the moon was, their path to the rusty gate, through the rank, dank shrubberies, was a more fearsome passage than before; and when, at a spot where the branches closed above their heads, they heard a rustle and a movement as of some creature tracking them, Nettle's heart failed her, and she screamed aloud. Billy thereupon dropped his load of rope, clasped his wife to his breast, planted his feet firmly, and glared from side to side. "Who's there?" he called sharply. No answer. No sound. "Who's that?" he repeated, in a «still louder tone. They listened with all their tingling ears, but heard nothing. "A rabbit, or a bird, or perhaps one of thes deer out of the woods," he murmured, soothing ly. "Why, child, what's come to you?" But his own voice was a trifle unsteady. Eager to stand and fight any danger that he could see, this shadow business unnerved him. A mile in twenty minutes was their rate of travel down the long chase to the lodge, and the little star that was Abel Rowe's parlor lamp, on which they kept their eyes fixed steadily all thv way, was a great comfort to them. The young keener came out to meet them, and speaking both at once and rather breathlessly, they pour ed the story of their adventure into his ears. He received it without visible surprise or con cern, and did not agree with Mr. Wingate that a midnight expedition was necessary. "Oh! you saw that light in the window!" he ex claimed, with much gravity. "I was wondering whether you would. I was out last night, looking at. srme trans, and saw it myself; and several other people have seen it. The conclusion they've come to is that thc old house is haunted, sir. 1 don't hold with ghosts myself, but that's the com mon view." "Haunted be blowed!" was Winpate's rude re joinder; and he showed the rope, which was mys terious without being supernatural, and described h^w they had seen a man "scoot" round a corner of the house. "Besides," said he, "if ghosts were allowed to carry matches and candles they'd burn the places down." "I suppose there ore ghosts of lights as well as ghosts of people, if there are ghosts at all," argued Ahnl Rowe. "Be that as it may, no mortal hand life that light you saw, sir, If it was in the big window of the west wing you saw it. Because why? The clay after it was first seen, Mr. Blac kett and a whole posse of people, thinking just as you do that burglars were in the house, went in and all over it, and tried every lock and bolt, and thoroughly ransacked the whole place; and tl?cy proved that nobody could possibly have been there. Especially in that room where the window is; that was locked up tighter than any. Sir Walter doesn't like to have people prying there. It used to be his wife's room." "There must be a hiding-place in it," said Win gate "There is not, sir, begging your pardon. Everj bit ot wall and floor was tapped and tested; som J of the boards were ripped up. Mr. Blacket satisfied himself that there was no hiding-place.'.' "Then they had got out of thc window with the rope in the meantime." "No, sir! For thc casements were found fas tened on tho inside." "Well, but here's the rope to speak for itself. It was lying close under that window. It is quito new-just out of the shop-no doubt bought on purpose. What do you suppose it was doing there? And the fellow we saw running? Must he bo a ghost too?" "f can't account for him, nor for tho rope," Mr. Rowe admitted, fingering the latter in an abstrac ted way. "I thought nobody cared to go near (ho place of a night, since there's been this talk ol' the ghost in the window. I'll see Mr. Blackett about it in the morning-" "I will see him also," broke in Wingate, with a significant glance at his wife. "And I will koop the rope, if you please. It is my evidence, you see. I intend to sift this thing to the bottom, ghost and all." He was about to leave, when Mrs. Rowe, (ho keeper's mother, having risen from bcd and divid ed in haste, in order to lind out what was doing af. this hour of the night, entered tho parlor, curt sied, looked from one to another with an expectant smile, and then caught sight of the coil of rope, and pounced upon it. "Why, if this ain't the clothes line that was stole last night!" she ejaculated, with round eyes and uplifted hands. "Why, Abel, wherever did you find it?" "This gentleman found it, mother, in the garden at The Chase." "Lor! Right away up there! Whatever-" "Was it yours?" interposed Wingate, eagerly. "No. sir, the rector's. His housekeeper bought, it new last week, and the very first time she used it she had it stole. Strange to say, the linen that was a-hanging on it-for myself, I don't be lieve in leaving your clothes out all night-was left on the grass, and only the line took." "Only the line was required," said Billy. "But how do you know it is the same?" "Because there wasn't another new clothes lino in the place." "I suppose rope is used for other purposes. Pro bably this was brought to The Chase from quito another direction." "And to The Chase, of all places!" She desired ardently to enter upon a long dis-' emisión, covering the matter of the ghost, but sudden reticence had fallen upon the visitor. He affected surprise to find it near upon midnight, and concern that his wife was so late up after a journey, and took a hasty leave, carrying his rope with him. As soon as they were both upon the high road, out of earshot of the lodge, he said to his wife, solemnly "Nettie, either that fellow is in league with the burglars, or Adelaide Balcombe has some game on hand. One or the other." "Then it must be Adelaide Balcombe," said Nettie, "for I am convinced that Abel Rowe is as honest as the day." "How are you convinced?" her husband asked. "By the look of his face-the way he speaks everything." "Woman's instinct!" laughed Billy. "Now I think his manner most suspicious; his disinclina> timi to have the matter inquired into-his prepos terous suggestion that the candleman is a ghost -everything, as you would say. But things look black against the rector's house, too. We will interview Mrs. George Desailly to-morrow morn ing, and get particulars concerning the larceny of the clothes line. I'm awfully curious to see her, apart from that. I wonder how she'll receive me, and what she looks like now? She was un commonly pretty as a girl, in her white-cat style. And I'll make her tell that story about Lexie be fore I've done-and watch how she does it. I can't get it out of my mind somehow that it's all a pack of lies." "And what then, Billy?" (To ba continued.) 