The Sketcher. With the Cape York Prospecting Party.-XIX. An Account of a Trip from Cape York to the Carron Range, with Various Peninsular Sidelights. By M.W. &. Friday, 9th October.—Spent the day among the ridgelets to the east of "Disap-<*> pointment Hill," and found that that outcrop of stone runs in a narrow south-east and north-west belt, the eastern limit being about two miles from tbe hill, where it forms the dome ot an inverted cup-shaped mound about 100ft. high. Around this mound radiates a charming and entirely un expected mezzo-tint of Nature. Qreen as a leek, level as a bowling-ground, clear as a wheatfleld, set inside of a sea-bound zone of brown, timbered, desolate-looking coun try, this little plain of four or five miles area is a peffect oasis In the wilderness. A fringe of zamia treeß. with their bright green Iron da, surrounds this unplanted gar den, and, take it altogether, it is the most beautifully- isolated spot that could be chosen by a person who wished to live far from the world and its noise, and who wanted from Nature no"" diversity of sur roundings, no dazzling brilliance of effect, nothing but its 'quiet and a faw of the unused capabilities of Us soil. Thorn are many thousands of zamia trees around here, uri) «b they form the staple food of the natives, there is no danger of famine. The zamla grows to about the Bame height as the xantheria, or grass-tree, to which it bears a close resemblance, save that It has paimated leaves, while those of the gra*B-tree are needle-shaped. The ber ries that grow around the top of the stem are sometimes pounded up, dressed, cooked, and sometimes eaten, but mostly thrown away by the natives. When-* the women have iroth'ing else to do the lords of tho harem put them pounding zamia berries. It is generally "a case of pound or be pound ed< The roots or tubers of tbe tree form the source of the bread food supply. The grown trees^are not used in this respect, the tubers being dry and fibrous, but to the young trees, the fronds of which sprout level with the ground, I have seen tubers attached weighing 101b. to 15!b. of varying white and pink colour, and resembling yams in their raw state. The present month is one of the seasons for- digging, and the natives are busily employed gathering In a supply. The following is the mode of preparation : —The tubers are cut up pretty fine and then pounded into a pulp, water being poured on to assist the process, a strainer of grass preventing any but the flour particles from flowing away. When pounded to a consistency like ground oats, tbe mass Is wrapped up in leaves and placed inside of a hollow log arranged for the pur pose, the log Is then burned, and a varying weight of " bread," from * few pounds up to 201b. or 301b., is cooked and ready to eat or to keep for th» next six months if necessary. Its specific weight would entitle it to a classifi cation among the heaviest minerals. I ate some of it, and, though I did not rush the banquet, I know I would not die of hunger in a country where It could be obtained. I fancy a different style of cooking would make it a food for which an acquired taste might be manufactured. The native name Is " I-eta," and <the native English for it Is "arrowroot." I have no acquaintance with the plant from which tho arrowroot of commerce proceeds, but I am informed that It Is not zamia. Tom came with me to this camp, in ofder that he might be able to show Park* add Callaghan the way to bring on the horses in case I wanted them to follow me up. I sent him back to-day with a note, asking them to bring on the camp to this place and remain here till I returned. I Intended to keep ahead, and, finding the best route, get the horses to come along after me. Saturday, 10th October.—Having no luck here I Intended to shove on south-east to get to the ranges, which the'natives say are down there, about two days and two nights' Journey away. They (the natives) all clear ed out yesterday morning, going away hunt ing, but two boys turned up this morning, and for a fig of tobacco agreed to carry the principal part of our swags a days Journey. They had never been down to the mount ains, and did not know the language ot the natives on the other side, and, besides, they had had a recent flght with the ultramon tane*, and they did not think it safe to go with us farther than they said. About three miles iq a south-east direction brought us to a large waterhole creek flowing east, and about four or five miles more to another similar creek, also flowing east. The water In both those creeks was very bad. On the latter was a native camp, a branch of the Dude tribe, containing a half-dozen of as evil-looking a set of old men as ever planned and performed the native devil's work. We did not go up to the camp, for, although nearly all the young men were away hunting, the six old cannibals, quaver ing and toothless, did not form an inviting crowd to foregather with. Here I was abandoned by my two carriers, another boy named Harry coming forward and telling me that they did not like to come, not knowing the country, but that he was going over to the mountains with his wife, who belonged to there, and they would carry some things. Harry was a tall, raw-boned young fellow of 23 or so, and was the son . of Wanchinu, the Ducle mamoose, but mar rying outside of his own clan he had, ac cording to custom, to live with the clan or sub- tribe of his wife. Asking where tbe wife was, h,e told us she had gone aheid, but we would overtake her in a very short time. So we started, I carrying the ; swag I Intended Harry's " untam" or wife to waltz away with when we overtook her. At a little ravine not far from the camp I passed a small girl hiding in a clump Of bushes, and supposed that some other shy female ornaments of their eex were planted around. After going about a mile or so—it was blaz ing hot, not a breath of wind, and I had been walking pretty lively—l thought It wa* about time Harry's " untam" was picked up, and I called back over my shoulder to that effect. I then learned that she was with us, and bad been for a while. I alujd round, but pould see nobody. Where te /she ? I asked. " Here!" said Harry, and he stood aside and showed the pitiable frightened figure of a little girl, certainly not more than 12 years of age, and poorly developed at that. I thought it was a sought of Joke —ihat little atom clothed'la a covering about the size of a very small pocket-handkerchief—that the genuine wife of a great strong fellow like Harry ! But it was ! I put my swag on my back again and went ahead ; the only thing a person, could expect that little wife to carry would be enough ballast to keep the wind from blowing her away. After some five miles' tramp In a south- east by eaßt direction we struck near the head of a creek containing very deep waterholea cut out of a much honeycombed ironstone bed. This creek was also trending In an easterly direction. A deep, clear waterhole shaded by dense foliaged trees offered a tempting place for a night's camp, and, making up my mind to finish the day's Journey here, I went down to the hole and had a proper swill ot the best tasted water I dropped across since we left the Dalhunty. Indulging in a smoke under the shade of a tree growing on the bank of the waterhole, I casually mentioned that we would go no further that day, and at the same time wondered if Harry were not thirsty. Klo had had a drink out of the waterbag. Then Harry started in his . very broken English to say something about dead men, bones, ghosts, and such, and, turning round on my etbow to understand better by looking at him, I put my hand on something chillingly cold. It was a human ekull. A few other bones lay • around on the bank. I looked down into the waterhole, and I could plainly see some more there. I felt a bit sickly for a while, and then decided to shift a bit further on. About a mile brought us to another water hole, where, « careful search showing no human remains, we camped. I then learned that the original owner of the skull and other articles up<at No ; 1 waterhole was an outside tribesman who died here when com ing across to the Ducle. I learned through Klo that Harry's diminutive wife was be trothed to him at the ripe age of six months, and though he did not want to. take her to hte Ixisom yet awhile, her father grew tired of keeping her for him, and made him abide by tho engagement, so the girl was a wife before she was fully a maid. The general age at which girls are passed on to husbands is 16 years. The country passed over to-day was all good grass coun try, wive along an ironstone ridge covered with thick «hrubs. Plenty of the soil looked good enough for almost any kind of tropical agriculture. , Sunday, 11th October.—Left Dead Mans Bones this morning, and, coming due east abou't nine miles, got water at a swampy flat, where we had dinner. Aliout a mile further on crossed a steep-hanked creek, flowing Boutb. This was the only running water seen since iwe crossed the Ducie. The country formation is a mixture of brown sand and ironstone— mfostly the latter. Pour miles further on got.lnto broken country or no appreciable elevation. Small quartz pebbles were scattered on the aur face and in the ironstone. Tra velling through pretty close forest, with a profusion of scrubs growing between the tall messmate gum trees, we struck up all unexpectedly against a hill. It seems strange, but not a sign Qf this hill could be seen 100 yards away. The hill consisted of a great "blob" of brown Band stone, planted on ground level for miles around; the blob was about 80ti. or 100ft. high, nearly circular, 70 yards In diameter on top. It was a while before I could fiud a way up. and eventually did so through a flsaure in the rock forming a covered -way to the top of the Mil. The crown of the hill was covered with stunted trees, and the only view obtainable from it was to tie sou.tlf and east. About fifteen or twenty mile* 'away to the south is a low mountain chain, the eastern extremity "bearing south east from this hill, growing smaller and more distant to the south west, where they terminate In a pretty high bluff. A similar but higher peak is on the eastern end. A small peak, evidently of the same nature as the one 1 was stand ing on, is in line with the south-oast end of the range, and about half-way to it. Harry said that this Was the country of his wife's people, and they expected to find the tribe camped here, 'but, though native fires •were visible away to the south- west and eatft, there were none In our immediate vicinity. Harry had never been here be fore, and his wife had told him that only the " big men" of the nation ascended this hill, which bears something of a sacred character. There Is a tradition of a great fight having been decided here 1n ages past by the total extinction of the tribe then owning this country. My knowledge of the gorgeous hyperbole of native historians made the story of less Interest than it would other wise have been. I could see the outline of a creek (Towing south-east from the baße of (this hill, and beading -about seven to ten miles to the north-east. About' a mile to the'south--went of the hill, on a large alluvial flat surrounding the heads of some tribu taries of 'the above creek, we camped for the night. (Between one thing and another, making detours to the head of a creek to look at a blow of ironstone and suob, we must have walked twenty miles to-day, though not nearly that distance in a straight lines. The flat on which we camped con tained dozens of little cleared spaces with the remains of « small fire in the centre of each space denoting a native camping ground. The latest of the fires were a week old, so that Harry did not care for the task of hunting up bis wife's kinsfolk, and intended to go back to the camp he «nd she had previously been staying at. •' A num ber of sheets of tea- tree bark Were lying around, reminding one of the important place that msterial holds in the life outfit of the natives. They are born on a sheet of bark ; folded up at the ends it is the cradle of their childhood ; it is their mar riage bed later on, as it Is.their only pro tection from damp of earth and rain of sky all through their Kv«i; It !» * MftriMt 1» cold weather and a torch which lights them through the bush at night. If they are lucky and die amongst thheir folk, their spirit leaves the body lifeless on a sheet of tea tree bark. It forms the protecting oven Jn which they cook whatever food they do not eat raw ; when they go sugar-bag hunting a little " boat" of this bark brings some the honey. As the mountains to the south-east were too far for me to reach on this trip I pro posed going back to the camp next day and shifting the outfit on to here, which (would be a near enough base to work from .while the "tucker" lasted. A lot of cab bage palmß grow along the swamp in the centre of this flat, and I heartily enjoyed a feed of the cabbage, which was the only vegetable I had tasted for a while. Neither Kio nor Harry had ever tasted it before. (To be continued.) 