FeFantt, the Colt. LttlleFanny was motherlesn, having been di.eovered in an open field beside her dead B. fore eshe w syearold. abs ?,uld opean the s oar tu her d n riin and go to bed alone. Sue did not quale understand tie faseentilge from the slueue, aad had to be let out i the morning. The children, there were ea:, thought her a moeet wondetful baby. and claimed her as their own. Tae boys had eaunabh her to take 4it their cape with her teelh, shake hands with her leet, and do many other cute t at when she war four yearn old she had to work, for Fenny was only a horee, alter all. Never was she driven tecept by one of the family, and she really acted as if she liked to go. WVaoen Ineauggy was drawn out one would give a little pleatd wbieeny and step daentaly about as it leapatient to be off. And when once on the roan dislked, of all minn, no take the due, from anuother vehricle. The onildrtn were a croupy e t,and a physician was oftru called. F-lry bhe.,a the horme to be ridden every time : and so well had she learted what waes wantilg if a saddle wes plaeed hastily upon her back. she only waited for a rider, and without a hint from the rein. b:noded Iafl in the direction of the docto'n's Lic; s etusumgf. she joggec loieaurly home. It was a sad day for the family wien one morniag no gla whbny greter d the one whlo went to fted her. S.eu adl been stolen. Two other horses had been taken from a neighbor at the esare etie, and ?eo blarouned them as sn moh money lost. ?at thle j ian owners of Fanny grieved as If a friend wre dead; oIn hr it might he eveel wnea tian death. "' For how eclel. ta faker bte other wise than unoei " tiey uated. A thoioogh seasrh was made. but no clue obtaine, and'the horots were given up as lost. ' The older children strove to be brave, but the younger ones counald not keep beak the tears when epankiog of ' poor Fanny." and'the mother was shooked one evening to bear four-year-old Beenie add to her intant prayer: "And please. God, 'end Fanny She kissed the child tenderly and whis. nered; " I we cannot have Fanny we will bave another hnree to take her place, my dear." "But ita wouldn't be her, mammal I want just Fanny.' and she laid her face in mamma's lap and sobbed, as ehe had done many times since the lors. & few days later, ae the family were at breakfast, Nora, the girl, rushed into the :room, exclaiming; "If ye plane, mum. I genoy's in the tanble or else 'tie her ghost, aura I:-l1wint to findah olo:e-pna lost laea night, and an I wint a.near the barn I bern a whinnow as like horn at two pase,and" hut before she had eoncluded erery seat awu emety and all had huiried to the barn. The stable door was opened, and forte. ntepped Fanny to he hugged and kiened at neverbefore. She still wore her halter, from which a broken strap dangled, showingkhow she ha, released herself, and, onee free, her preetner in her own atallwaseao mystery. An officer waU duly nntieed. and takilg her tracks he went about five miles along ta e beaoh of the lake, where, in the bluff oIu. :anogng a ravine, he found a sort of res where the two other haese weare still tied. Fanny had broken h-r halter, opened ti e wide door that rswunng in, pushed her w y through Ihe bresh piled against it, ata hurried borne to her own stable: The horses must have been taken to th' r hiding-plaoe by being led along the wat., . edqe topgsraf thear tracls, and their loe c eonveyed to iliem by but;: The thief was not caught, more is the pit E.idently seeing the igna oa Fa' ny' eros , he meianly too glad to o.cape bhn?.ll. T . pwa. r ,,I the two norsrr eug6teted that Fa:r [ pntyC. to have 4. mdetl, "nut upon b., o Saou 4 luPp of auggarelr altered a derid Snieh, and -then maku:hed her sugar From the hand of a man tealeniiIs every .,:hn ne the freanbats, of morning and of IC leopat couldn't'eltand grammar-sl:e Swas billed byan aspirate. , an.. V-'isto (to proprintor of iion 'famdry). '"Yo cast almost everything here, I s?a. poae 1" P,el.rktore-"E arything,e ir." Ykitat ' t G it fee pu ctugt a dIoom." 