The Church in New Zealand. ?' ? A LENTEN PASTORAL. The following passages are taken from the Lenten Pastoral, of, ..the,. Right Rov. Dr. ?Grimes, S.M., Bishop of Christclmrch, N.Z.V- ?' ' Outside the Catholic Church 'a feeling of unrest is everywhere spreading abroad to-day. Save in that suro haven of rest, men's minds arc ovory where troubled. Doubt and infidelity are making sad havoc amongst all ranks of sAoiety. In the midst of all this it is given us to witness a cheering sight, one which in a very marvel to those unable or unwilling to fathom its cause. Two hundred and hfty millions and more of men are soon with minds moulded into one, when it is a question of teachings, aye, even of the chiof practices of faith, mon nr nvnt'v vn.f.f'. n.nil t.rihn n.ncl tnnrrnn. mnn n,t variance, it may bo, in the ordinary con cerns of lii'ej in tho sciences and the arts, in political and social economy, yob thoroughly at one in loyal attachment to the Church of thoir father's. Those men glory in profess in the same faith, uniting in the same wor ship, receiving tho sanio sacraments, and lovingly submitting to the one same author ity. How wo can wo explain this wondrous fact? How account for the scorning miraclo that no real doubt dwells in those millions of minds ? Why, with such a united front, do they boldly adirtn that they alone are or can be suro of their position V Is it not because they rest upon tlio promises of our Divino Lord ? ' Every ono that hoarotli My words, and doobh them, shall be likened to a wise man that built his house upon a rock, and the rain foil, and tho Hoods camo, and the winds blow, and they boat upon that house, and it foil not, for it was founded up on, a rock' (Matt, vii., 24-25); and again, 'Thou art Potor, and upon this Rook I will build My Church, and the gatos of hell shall not prevail against it' (Matt, xvi., IS). Like the -Christians of old they cry out ' Ubi Potrus ibi Eoclosia' knowing, with tho consciousness of faith which can never fail, that where Potor is in his suc cessors, thoro, and nowhere else, is ' tho Church of tho Living God, tlio pillar, and tho ground of truth ' (.1st Tim., iii., .15). To that Church, with ilia hoavenly appointod and infallible Head, belong the divino promises. In that Church are unity and poaco and assured hope; ovory whoro without her fold, doubt and uncertainty and unrost. In striking contrast to tho p'etioo ful, consoling union of tho children of tho ono holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, do we not daily wittiots scones most distressing of discord, tho inevitable result of that spirit of revolt to which bo many hundred soots owo thoir birth '! Isolatod from tlio rest of Christendom are they not ' tossed about by every wind of doctrine V' Are not tho Bublimest truths, which to us aro as unchangeable as God .Himself, with thorn subject to change and decay ? .Do wo not hoar the mast prominent of thoir religious professors declare that variety in teaching and practice is not only tho characteristic but tho boast of thoir national self-appointed churches? No wondor that earnest upright souls should yearn, and pray and agitato for the Ro - union of Christendom. No wonder thoy should turn in thoir distress to tho Coutre' of Unity, tho Successor of St. Potor, tlio Sovereign Pom till'. A fow months ago thoir appeal was answered by tho Common Father of tho Faithful in a magnificent Encyclical, which ?will bo known in history by its opening words, 'Satis Cognitum.' In that roiuark nblo document tho Holy Father lays down tho conditions on which alone Re-union can bo brought about. Not only does ho lay down those conditions, but with tho iii. spired pages of Holy Writ, tho Fathers and greatest Theologians as his guide, ho ?clearly and unmistakably shows tho solid grounds whoroon those conditions rest. Having established tho Divino Origin of tho one true Church, ho proves, by un answerable arguments, that thi« diviuoly established Church must boar upon hoi' brow tho necessary stamp of Visibility and Unity of Faith— 'a virtue which is the first of those bonds AvJiich unite man to God, and Avhence we receive the name of 'Faithful'.— .one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism.' To preserve this God-like gift of Unity, Loo. XIII, draws our attention to tho Apostolato divinoly instituted to teach all nations tho whole of tlio revealed truths, and this to the end of all ages. Together with tho principle of Unity in the Church, tho necessity and existence of a Supreme Authority in tho Bishop of Bishops, and tho relations of ordinary Bishops with their Head, the Supremo Pontiff, are treated by the Pope in a truly masterly manner. Tho Encyclical concludes Avith a loving and most fatherly exhortation to all not to wait for a romotoly distant corporate Re-union, but to have recourse to fervent prayer and meditation. ' Oar soul,' says the Sove reign Pontiff, 'goes out to those Avhom the foul breath of irreligion has not entirely corrupted, and Avho at least seek to have tho true God, the Creator of heaven and earth, as their Father. Lot such as these takecounsolAvith themselves, and realise that thoy can in no Aviso bo counted among hto children of God, unless thoy take Christ Joans as thoir Brother, and at the same time, tlio Church as their Mother.' We lovingly address to all tho words of St. Augustine, ' Let us lovo the .Lord our God ; let us lovo His Church; tho Lord as our Father, tho Church as our Mother.' Wo have doomed it our duty, dearly bo lovod Brethren and Children in Jesus Christ, to make known to you this great Encycli cal, which has boon greeted oven by those avJio aro alien to our holy Faith with' almost universal and unqualified marks of esteem. Iii sending it to your respective Pastors Ave Avish them to read it to you during the Sun days of Lent. You Avill listen to it as com ing from the Vicar of Christ, tho Infallible organ of tho Invisible Head of tho Church, the Son of God Himself. Lot tho holy Father's Avords sink down deep into your hearts ; lot thorn arise readily to your lips Avhon you come in contact with those of our dear separated brethren Avho may be yearn ing for light on tho fundamental truths treated therein. Remind them that it is not enough to pray for that lignt which Avill lead them to a knowlodgo that surpasseth all understanding, thoy must beseech the Father of all morcios to impart to them the grace or strength to follow that light iwhithprsoevor it loadoth. Remind them what is tho stand our holy Church is bound to take towards those souls Avho without her fold are longing for Re-union. She is ever stretching out a helping hand to them. Sho yearns most ardently to receive them toiler maternal breast. She will yield all sho can possibly yield to meet them more than. half way. ' But ono thing'shu daro not, sho can not do, _ She can mako no compromise Avhon it is a question of faith or doctrine. Sho has received, not created, the Divino deposit of truth. Chango it, or part Avith ouo iota thereof, sho cannot. Hor discipline sho may and Ayould chango, if necessary, but her articles of faith, no, never ! though by so doing she avoi'o able to bring about tho Ro-uuion of the whole world. From her Divino Head and Spouse she has received the mission to teach all nations, not to com promise or barter her faith, though by so bartering sho '.you for horsolf all tho possessions or peoples of tho earth. With our Holy Father the Pope, lot us, too, yearn for tho re-union of Christendom. Lot us one and all unite in fervent prayer to obtain this desired consummation. ' Lot us lift up our hearts in supplication to the Most High, and cry out from tho depths of our souls, 'Have mercy upon us, 0 God of all, and behold us. Show us tho light of Thy mureios, and send Thy fear upon tho nations that have not sought after Thoo, that thoy may know that thoro is no God busido Thoo. Gather together all, that they may doolaro Thy great Avorks, and Thou shalt inherit thorn as from the begin ning. Convert us, 0 Clad, and show us Thy faco, and wo shall bo saved.' tt # # . H V III our last. Pastoral avo u-skod you to unite with tho zealous priests and people of tho widowed Dioceses of Auckland and Dunedin, in beseeching the Holy Spirit to send them chief Pastors Avorthy successors of those who had gone before us, Our prayers have been ansAvered, Within the last feAv months it was our privilege to assist at the consecration of the Right Rev, Dr, Verdon as Bishop' of Dunedin, and the Right Rev. Dr. Lenihan as successor to the saintly Bishop Luck of Auckland. The choice of two such eminent Prelates has given satisfaction to men of every race and religion in the colony, and we hope and pray that God will grant them many years of fruitful ministry in the por tions of the vineyard confided to their charge. Another consolation afforded us during the past year was the glad news that the apostolic See had promulgated a decree authorising the introduction of the cause of the Beatification and Canonization of the servant of God — Marcellinus Joseph Cham pagnat, Priest of the Society of Mary and Founder of the Little Brothers of Mary. We must pray that the canonical proceed ings may be soon brought to a happy issue, so that it may ere long be granted us to publicly invoke that venerable Marist as we may the Blessed Peter Louis Mary Chanel, another Priest of the Society of Mary and the Proto-Martyr of Oceanica. Whilst thanking all our devoted Priests and religious for their untiring efforts to promote the greater glory of God and the gocd of immortal, souls, it is our pleasing duty to make special mention of the Rev. Father Foley. At the imminent risk of his. life this zealous Priest laboured for over two months in the Chatham' Islands. The first Priest Avho ' ever . visited these distant isles, he there proved that he Avas like the Apostle of the Gentiles, willing 'to spend himself, and be . spent' in the service of souls.?' We have., -reason, to be lieve ? that - these' islands, which properly speaking belong to the Maori Missions, Avill again, and at no' very distant date, be evan gelised by other Fathers, Avho, Ave must hope, will reap , the harvest so generously sown by their devoted predecessor. # # # # ?* Immediately Rafter . Easter \Ave propose, Aviththe blessing of God, to set out for om proscribed visit to tlio Apostolic See. We go in the interests, of this. Diocese. We know Avell that you will accompany us by your prayers and good wishes'. The separa tion, though painful, shall, on. our part be no more than, physical. Absent in body, avo shall remain Avith you in spirit closely united in heart and mind by the strongest, the holiest bonds of religion. # * * # * In bidding you farewell, avo earnestly be seech the Father of all mercies to bestoAV His choicest graces upon you and yours. May His Co-eternal Son ever apply to you the full measure of the benefits of His loving Redemption. May the Holy Ghost ever be to you a source of light, ana of con solation. We shall leave you for a while in the loving Hearts of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, under the protection of the great St. John, whom the Holy Sec has recently appointed Patron of us all. May your oavii special Patrons and Guardians Angels, as Avell as those of your oavii Parishes, haA'e you in their safe-keeping. — Amen. 