TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, together with. other matters of interest, will be found on the first page of the paper. The Geelong branch of the "Victorian Protectionist Association decided last evening to support the candidature of jMCsssts Gurr and Miggins, tlio sitting members, in connection with the forth coming general Parliamentary elections. ' Afr J. BlaMston's South Geelong com mittee met last evening, when the chairman and secretary were appointed and arrangements completed for a thorough canvas of the Kardinia and Barwon divisions of the electorate. Several new names were added to the committee during the evening. \- Yesterday afternoon the steamer Time, belonging to Messrs W. H. Smith and Sons line of intercolonial trading vessels, cleared out at the Geelong custom house for Adelaide. The Time took from this port 8300 bags of chaff. Probably on account of its traditional associations Gallow Plat, between Little Eyrie and Myers streets, has been favored recently hv an amateur " spook " mas querading "in a sheet. Timid people crossing the flat after nightfall have been scared by the ghostly apparition, but its hash was nearly settled the other evening by an athletic court officer, who gave chase in the hope of forcing it to indulge in one -or two rounds a la Marquis of .Queensbury. The frightened ghost dropped its mantle as it tied, but proved too fleet ot foot for its pursuer.^ The nature of the exorcism witli which it was threatened has evidently proved effectual, for the green is no longer haunted. A disastrous conflagration, resulting in the destruction of property valued at £1000, which occurred at Cainperdowri early on Wednesday morning, is attributed to an iucendhiry, according to a report which has been received by Mr Supt. Swale. The fire, which broke out in a weatherboard building containing machinery, quickly extended to an. ad Joining timber yard, and the defective fire arrangements at Camperdown were -unequal to the occasion. The'.building, insured for £150 in the . Commercial Union, belonged to Mr Barlow. The owners'of the timber and stock are Messrs, McLean and Pewtrell, who have only a policy of £300 in the Phoenix ofiice to set against their loss. Mr Pewtrell called into Ins shop at 10.30 p.m. on Tuesday night to get an axe, bat had no occasion to strike a light, -and left everything apparently safe. Several people who passed the place two hours later saw no sign of fire, but at 1 o'clock in the morn- . ing flames broke out at several places simultaneously. A resident of Camper down is suspected of having set fire to the place from revengeful motives. - On "Wednesday afternoon a couple of towels on rollers at the lavatory of the Geelong Free Library were stolen. In order to get the articles off the rollers the towels had to be cut in two. " Tingle " in Ms rowing notes in the " Australasian " says --The steamer "Waroonga last week took to Sydney a new racing eight-oared boat for the Sydney Bowing Club, and which wiU. be used in the forthcoming champion eight oared race on the Parramatta Biver. Tho dimensions of-the new boat are: Length, 60ft; beam, 23in; depth amid ships, 13in; aft, Gin-; forward, 6iin. She is fitted with tubular riggers and roller slides of the latest pattern. A new clinker eight-oared boat has also been built on the Yarra for the Geelong Grammar School, and is a fine model." Some person or persons made an effort on "Wednesday afternoon to injure the cyclists engaged in the road race from Winchekea toWaurn Ponds. After the road had been duly inspected by Mr P. Davis, one of the officials, and found to be clear for wheel trailic, the persons referred to placed saplings, large stones, boughs of trees and logs of wood at different parts of the highway along which the cyclists were to race. In the neighborhood of Mount Moriac several obstructions were discovered by the leading wheelmen, and prompt notice of the same was given by the rapidly moving cyclists, and steps token to have them removed. It was evident that the object of the persons who placed the obstacles on the road was to bring some of the wheelmen to grief, and it is a matter for regret that the offenders were hot' detected by the enraged bicycle riders. Tuesday morning as Mr Wellwood, of Heme Hill, and a friend were riding over from Mr iXopton's at "Woodlands, and were trotting gently out, of the lane, leading from Mr Clarke's paddock a valuable yeung thoroughbred horse bred by Mr Wehvood, when crossing a dilapidated water channel came in con- | tact with the displaced stonss, resultiug in a sudden wrench which broke the bone of its fore leg near the shoulder, and at | once came to a standstill; fortunately for the rider the horse did not fall. Mr "Welwood at once obtained tlio services of a veterinary surgeon from Geelong who pronounced it incurable, and as the horse was in great pain he advised the owner to immediately have it shot. Mr Helmerhaving gone over anticipating what would be the opinion of the veteri nary, took his gun and with tho first shot put the poor animal out of its misery. Tho bystanders sympathised with Mr Wellwood for the loss of his valued fayorite. This place has been the cause of many accidents, and no doubt the newly-elected member for the East ridiug (Mr Stewart), will bring the matter under the notice of his council with a view to having a culvert sufficient to carry off the heavy flood waters, which very frequently cause danger to life and limb. The time for receiving general entries for tho spring exhibition of the Geelong :ind Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society closed last evening, but entries in letters bearing yesterday's post date will be received until this after« noon. Tip to last evening 50 entries of draught horses were made, 160 of blood horses, ponies, hunters, hackneys, and buggy horses. SG of cattle, 120 of poultry and dogs. In the classes for implements, machinery, and carriages, the entries are also numerous, and when those for horti- i cultural exhibits are received next j Monday, the number will, it is expected, j prove equal to those secured at the I exhibition held last year. A start has been made in the erection of steam ; shafting on the ground, with which it is : proposed to exhibit different machinexy n working operation. The show ground is in admirable order, and may be ex pected to present an attractive appearance next "Wednesday and Thursday, on the occasion of the annual display. \ Thej-olicy of retrenchment pursued by ihe Government has led to notice bei>i«* given ly Mr Culiney, clerk in the local Iranch of the Customs and Treasury cepartinint, to report himself in Mel bourne oil Monday in readiness to take up dutts there. At the present time the local cffiees are not overmanned, and with tht approach of the busy season in shippinj circles, the reduce'd staff are likely tc be hard pressed to keep abreast of the piblie demands for their services, so that nconvenience may be occasioned to shipping agents and townspeople generally. Though Mr Culiney's removal will ent<il additional labor on the remain ing menbers of the staff, it is understood that it day uiean promotion and mone tary adtmtage to the gentleman in question.! Our Portarlingtou correspondent writes :-44 The subscribers to the recent J ubilca festival met in the library last night :or the purpose of deciding- what was to be done with the surplus money remairing, amounting to about £4. It was uianimn'isly decided to spend it in painting the library." The cards of award from. Trinity College, London, for the last June examination have just been received by the local hon. secretary. It is satisfactory to note that there were no failures in Geelong. Eleven pupils from the con vent passed in the junior and intermdiate grades with an occasional per ceutage of 90 marks ; and the one pupil sent ud by jUrJ". Alfred Johnstone was awarded honors. Arrangements are now made by the college to grant their diploma of associate in Melbourne centre. Intimation has been sent to Mr J". P Chirnside, M.L.A, for Grant, by the Deputy Postmaster-General that arrange ments have bben made by the Post Office department for the throwing out of a daily mail at Jsorth Shore from the S.15 a.m. train from Geelong. jkTrs Day has undertaken to take charge of the mail bag every day for the convenience of the resi dents at the North Shore. It has been reported to the police by Henry Markham, groom, of Little Ryrie street, that on the night of the 4th inst. a new single-barrel breach, loading gun, valued at £1 18s Cd, was stolen from his dwelling house. John Clyues, a farmer, at South EekJin, near Terang*, has re ported that a bay ponv mare bslonoin0" to him, and valued at -£10, has been stolen. The quarterly social of the Geelong United Lodg« No. 10,I.O.G.T.. held lust night in the Temperance Hall, in Little Malop-stroet, j passed off very successfully. The proceed , ings opened with a pianoforte .solo, followed by a soug and a recitation, in addition to a brief:address by the chief templar, Bro. H. W - Potter. Attention was' next given to games snchiis "Jolly jVIiUer," and other indoor pastimes till aa interval -was called for more musical and elocutionary items loljoired by other games, and then after another song and recitation refreshments, liquid and edibles, were served to the numerous guests. Whc-a the supply of provisions "was almost exhausted fresh games were started and continued till the conclusion ; of the social. This evening, at eight o'clock^ a limelight entertainment will be Riven in the hall of the iotiDg: Men's Christian Association in Rvrie Itii entitled " From the Gatewav of the Dark Continent to the Land of Gold " the lecturer being Mr W. G. Sprig- genaral secretary, of the Y.M.G.A. at Cape Town. The lecture is to Be illustrated bv 150 lime light views. - ' It is intimated in this week's " Victorian Pohce Gazette 1> that at thie recent examina tion of members of the police force for promotion that Constable Alber W. J. Austin, of Geclong, and. Constable Andrew . Jco. Currau, of Footscray, hat formerly of Gee-ong, were among those who succeeded in qualifying themselves for the rank of senior constable and sergeant. _ Included among the inmates ' of - the Ballarat Benevolent Asvlum are men of almost every trade, and their skill is .rutlofin order to curtail the expenditure. Hitherto the making of coats for the old men entailed a cost of 12a Gd each, or about £50 a year, but this work ia now being done in the icshtution, wliero, also, various garments are made in large numbers. -^?uS^CIalTMoaser"ces in connection with thePresbytenau church were continued last evening ui the High Church, when the Kev. Ales, bkene was again the preacher. lucre was_a .good congregation, and the mistioner delivered a very earnest appeal to his hearers^ based upon St. Paul's words recorded^ the 2nd Epistle to the Corin thians, chap. vi, verse 2 : " JSTow is the accepted time, now is the day of * salvation " The urgency of matters spiritual was forcibly dwelt upon, and hearers were entreated to seize the opportunityof laying hold of eternal life. There will be a bible reading given this afternoon at three o'clock in tne Hi«-h Church, and in the evening the mission ser vices will be continued in the same church when the Key. air Skene will conclude hi part or the work. : Contributors to this column are beginning to unduly encroach upon our space, unless re* ports are written in brief, there is always a danger of their rejection. No announcement of events.to take place are admissible unless they.refer to advertisements in another column. tlNally,"'Winchelsea:-See Saturday's issue. Messrs Bright and Hitchcocks are pleased to acknowledge the receipt of £1 from " Restitu tion." In the contributed report of the concert at Ceres it was omitted to he mentioned that a cornet solo was played by Mr Cotton, and received an encore. About 90 members were present at the weekly meeting of St. Mary's Y.M.C.S. held in vthe schoolroom last Monday evening. Two nominations for membership were received, and four new members were elected. The secretaries of the bazaar in aid of Our Lady's Orphanage wrote, requesting the society to give an entertainment in aid of the under taking. It was decided to comply with the request, the arrangements being left in the hands of the committee. The secretary inti mated that all arrangements had been com pleted for the forthcoming social. 44 Musical Evening " was the item on the syllabus, songs beiug pleasingly rendered by Messrs P. Fennelh W. Caiirey. W. M'Coy, J. Logan, J. O'Connor, F. Tully, J. Sturrock, J. Holligan, D. Hickey, J. Knell and C. Currau ; while step-dances by Messrs E. Wakefield and E. M'Guire, and a recitation by Mr J. M'Sweeney were well received. This evening Mr A. Robinson will lecture in the Geelong West Town Hall on the question Freetrade v. Protection, being a reply to Mr Trenwith, M.L.A. An extraordinary meeting of the share holders of the - Kokewood Consols G.M. Co. will be held at three o'clock this afternoon. The annual meeting of Comunn Na Feinne will he held at the Olive Branch Hotel, Moora bool-street, on Tuesday, 21st inst., at S p.m. At the close of the lecture on u The ring and the book " by Professor Lawne last night, in connection with the Browning series of lectures, it was announced that us Thursday next was Show day, the final lecture, "Browning's philosophy of life and art " would be delivered at the Gordon College on Thursday, 30th September. At the meeting of St. Paul's Church Uniou, held on Mouday evening, the Rev. J. C. Love, M.A., presided, and a good number of mem bers were present. Messrs H. C. Couzens and W. Wallace, were elected as members of the Union. A resolution was carried to hold a picnic at Torquay. 44 A Mock Election." was the subject sot down for the evening, and the following candidates put up for a scat for Parliamentary honors.: Mr J. Burns, protec tionist; Mr *H. Grote, Independent ; Mr G. Millar, Labor Part}* ; Mr W. Marquardt, Freetrade. At the conclusion, the returning officer declared Mr G. Miller, duly elected for the vacancy. After the usual votes of thanks, a very pleasant evening was brought to a close. 