"XVHERE THE DEAD MEN LIE." 'We have received from .Messrs. Angus and Robertson, of Sydney, a volume of poems with this title, the composition of Bareroft Henry Boake, an Australian poet little known to fame, inasmuch as a life full of promise was cut short by his own hand at the early age of 26 A memoir of the author, which appears as an appen dix; shows that ho inherited the poetic temperament from his parents, and his occupations successively as a surveyor, boundary rider and cattle drover in the remote bush of New South Wales gave that direction to his talents which appears in his poems, which are redolent of the free life of the plain and the bush. His favorite poet was Gordon, and his style seems co hive influenced not only the author's poems but his life, for after i few years of adventurous wandering the melan choly which was predominant in his tem perament and dominates his work gained the mastery and induced lum to terminate his existence in a somewhat similar man ner, his bodj' being found suspended by his own whiplash from a tree at Middle Harbor. Most of the poems in this volume appeared in the Sydney " Bulletin," and with others are now for the first time col lected in a volume. The majority of these pieces arc descriptive of bush life, and have a swing in the verse breathing of the exhilarating air of the mountain and plain. The prevailing sentiment may be inferred from the poem which gives the book its title, and which commences — Out in the waste i of the Ncver-Never — That's where the do.ul men lie ! There won: the heat waves dniice (or ever - That's where the ch a 1 men lie ! That's where the Ivi' th'i loved sous arc keep- ing Endless tryst ; nut the -ves'. vind sweeping - Feverish pinions eau their , sleeping — Out wheie the dead me l lie 1 A more cheerful subject' is " Babs Ma- lone, "telling how a little child was the involuntary winner, of a Handicap race — But Gaylul's strength is waning— : Gone, in fact beyond regaining ; ; Boor Babs is Hogging hopelessly, a'4 pale as nuy ghost : But he looks so brave and pretty TLat the Hose's jiick takes pity , - Ami pulling back a trille, lets the baby pass tlie post. There is/a rare gleam of humor,,. top, in' the piece : showing how Josephus' Riley won it curious wager, and' its result' — -You'll understand, of course, That wager was a source ' Of very little profit to the. hapless wageree ; And, 'dating'frbin that day, ; 1 i ; " I'miiclT regret to say, Men. lo.ok askance at; Riley, from the. North ' Cpuntree. The volume is well priuted and beauti fully illustrated by colonial artists. It is neatly bound, and fpniis a pleasing addi tion to the library of Australiuii poets. The? local agents arc ;Mbssrs: Ingrain and Son, Gamp-street; Beechworth, froin'whotn copies can be procured. . \- The Favorite Wins tub St.-Legbu:— The race for the St. Leger Stakes was run at Donpiister on .\Yednesday,- pud resulted in- a-Vibtorv for tlib;favorite,'Mr. G ubbins' coIb'rjGalte'e 'Mpre winner. -/of? the Derby arid the Two Thousand Guineas. Stakes; The 'details areas follow : — Mr. J. Gub- biii.s'!;b';cDaltee Rlore/byJIe'iidal.— Morga- Jiet&o; i""; .Lord. Rosebery's. b f'Ohelandry, by 'Goldfinch — Illuminator, 2 ; Mr. J. R- Keene's. St. Cloud 1I„ 3 ; - In the! last (juo ted .betting. (7th iiist.Galtee .Mpro was : o to'L onV and lO to T Was' Pffered'against any other horse in the race. 