BRITISH AND FOREIGN. ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. Llfroui our own Correspondent. J LONDON, September 24, Archdeacon Tonne and his wife are to leave by the Austral on Saturday next. After an interesting trip through England, they have been staying with the Archdeacon's father, the Rev. Peter Young, Vicar of North Witham, who many years ago was a curate of the celebrated Mr. Ecble, once regarded as » heretic. ItiB an interesting fact that a former Vicar of North Witham, Mr. Smith, became the second husband of Sir Isaac Newton's mother, who lived not far off at Woolsthorp Manor, where the great'Newton was born. After a great deal of trouble Mr. David Murray has engaged for the pastorate of the Flinders-street Presbyteriau Church the Rev. Mr. Davidson, of Hawick, who is a capital; preacher. Ho will sail for_ the colony in January next. Mr. Murray^ is stiU in Scot land, where he is to remain until early in Ootober, when he intends to return to London prior to sailing for Adelaide. Mr. J, H. Finlayson and family are at present in Italy. They have had a very pleasant time in Antwerp, Brussels, and Heidelberg. At Sohaffhausen they had de lightful weather, and a glorious train ride to Lucerne, where they saw the mountains grandly mantled in white. Whon in Italy Mr. Finlayson will visit Rome, Como, and tho othor chief cities of that historical portion of the Continent. Mr. H. R. Dixson, who came over here from Adelaide to represent the views of the Adelaide shareholders at the Great Boulder meeting, has sailed for America by tbe Majestic en route to South Australia. Air. William Either and family inteud to leave by the Australia, leaving on October 8. Towards the wool sales which commence on September 28 South Australia up to the present has sont only 2,700 baloB out of an available total of 175,000._ The total itself is a great falling off. During the corresponding period of last year 311,000 were offered to the series beginning next week. New South Wales sends 10,200, Queensland 28,000, Vic toria 24,400, Western Australia 1,000, Tas mania 1,150, and New Zealand 50,100 iialos. . I hear on good authority that soon after his return Mr. Chamberlain will invite the Agents-General for the Colonies to a Con ference at the Colonial Office t.o consider matters discussed during the Premiers' visit, \ and that particular attention will bo paid to j the replies of tho oolonie3 to Mr. Chamber lain's "Zollvorein" despatch of November, 1895\. Mr. Chamberlain is not the man to let the grass grow uuder his feet, llis enemies, however, hate him worse than ever. _ One paper in Birmingham says that ruffianism is on the increase in that oity owing to the lenient attitude of the Secretary of State for tho Colonies to the leader of the Jameson raid. It is also suggested that it it is true the bad example which Mr. Chamberlain has set to his fellow-citizens that three chapels have recently been shut up and sold in Birmingham. It is also hinted that it is through Mr. Ohamborlain that one of the closed sanctuaries has been turned into a boxing saloon. Lord Kintoro is to be Lord-in-Waiting on the Queen next month from tho 12th until the 2lith. Both Lord and Lady Kintoro arc stay ing at Keith Hall, in Aberdeenshire. Mr. Henniker Hoaton writes to say that the team of Parliamontariaus which he hopos to take out will be strong onougti to face any eighteen in the Parliaments of Now South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, or South Aus tralia. "Of course we shall play only Parlia ments." He hopos that tho combined Parlia ments will send to Melbourne or Sydney team equal to the home players. It is expected that the special shipment of orangoB by the Bungaree will arrive at the end of this week or the beginning of next. Another big shipment by the Lusitania, which is due from Sydney on the 2<5th mat., has been put in the hands of Messrs. Keoling&Hunt.; By-the way, there is a sound grumbling article in the Financial JVews of yesterday about the care lessness with which the fruit is carried from Australia by some of the Steamship Com panies. That paper is, however, of opinion that if apples could be delivered in London in prime condition, and the danger of deteriora tion en route removed, more attention would be turned iu tho colonies to the export of pears, grapes, and other soft fruits, and a pro fitable trade established. The most recent news from tho Epernay district, in France, 13 that the recent heavy rains have had a ruinous effect upon the grape crop, and that 1.897 will be a very poor wiuo year. A hasty harvest was made in some dis tricts, as tho growers saw the grapes rotting before their very eyes. The quality of tho wine will bo bettor than last year, which was one of tiio worst over known. France's misfortune should be Australia's opportunity. Prince lianjitsinhji has left us for Australia. At Victoria thoro was a large patty collected to hid tho famous cricketer farewell. It is evidently his intention to como back to England after his trip to Australia a")id India, for lie says that ho means to be here after next summer his over. Not only have we lost a cricketer in Ranjitsiuhji, but an orator also. At a farewell given to him at Cambridge by tho townsmen and soveral of the University authorities the Prince made r. speech which was vociferously cheered, lie told his audience that he looked upon being at tho top of the batting averages for last year as " being equal to playing for England against Australia, and, with pardonable pride, he hoped he might say that it showed that the batsman was .second to none. He was about to go to Australia, and ho pointed out that whilst ho was playing cricket for England against that country a very dear relation of bis—an uncle—was fight ing for our Queen in India. They all know tho composition of the team which was going out captained by Mr. Stoddart, and, although in cricket it was not safo to predict, in his opinion it was well capable of upholding the honour of England. Anyhow, thev would fight with that pluck and determination which were always characteristic of English cricket. Kanjitsinhji and his party then left tho build ing amid the singing of "Auld lang sync" and " For he's a jolly good fellow." lianjitsinhji subsequently appeared on the baleouy.of Ii is hotel and bade the, crowd "adiou,"aud while dispersing the crowd sang '• An rcvoir, but not good-by." There is at Gravesend a coal-throwing ghost, who still romains a mystery, notwithstanding the activity of tho Press and the police. An Australian correspondent suggests that tho Gravesend ghost may be of the same character as tho "Enmoro Ghost" in Sydney. A fusil lade of stones was tho mystery in this case, and ultimately it was found that the cause of it all were some mischievous urchins who had secreted themselves in some trees and thence pelted the would-be ghostsoers. In some reminiscences published in the Daily Chronicle the writer thinks that the late Justice Windeycr failed to obtain tho position on tho Judicial Committee of the Privy Coun cil which Chief Justice Way now holds owing to the severe sentonce which he passed on the five Sydney larrikins whom ho condemned to death for ah aggravated assault. " The publio never forgave the Judge who passed the sentence, and his great ability—he was, perhaps, the ablest lawyer in the Australian Colonies—failed to shield him from a volume of censure such as probably never fell on any Judge since the days of Jeffreys." Dr. Charlos Ryan, of Melbourne, has set down in book form his experiences of the Turks at,Plevna and Erzerotim. In his book be has collaborated with his literary friend, Mr. John Sandes, but Dr. Ryan is quite oapable himself of an interesting work, for he was on confidential terms with Osman Pasha, and knew equally well Tewfik' Pasha, the hero of Plevna. Of the courage of the Turk under hardship and pain Dr. Ryan oannot speak too highly. It is now almost definitely decided that Tut Ryan, the Australian heavy- weight, will fetch off a match at the National Sporting Club. Ryan, who is a strict teetotaller and non smoker, has been here now for about a fort night. If he cannot- arrange his contest in England he intends to make a journey to America to do it. 