MUNICIPAL CONSPIRATORS IN CONCLAVE. (Written for the Mt, Magnet Mines.) Personae Dramatis —Chief Con spirator. Miehaevelli Haiuoizou ; sec ond conspirator, Isaac Blitherow ; third conspirator, Peter Maclyudon : chief traitor, Judas Briestly ; second traitor, Abraham Battersou; chief loyal citizen, Crothwell Roedmalcom ; second loyal citizen, William Fierce ; doorkeeper, Hartley Dedwood ; spy, Barrabus 'Livingrock. Act I. i A' corner in the Boyal Female Hotel cellar. Enter Halbotzon, Blithe row, Maciyndon, and Batterson. H.dbotzon : Fellow conspirators, the night is dark and everything is favor able for the success of the dark and dirty deeds we have met here to do. Blithemw. Speak low my most useful and worthy hireling—ihe vc-ry walls have ears, and Bartin's friends are numerous ; even faithfui Dedwood would betray us for a pot of beer, Briestly (aside) : As Judas betrayed his master, even will I sell Dick Bartin for a week's tick. Halhotzon : Fellow conspirators," Brother Blitherow will administer the oath of secrecy, into which every con spirator shall solemnly swear to meta phorically pay a visit to the entrails of Brother Blitherow, as the occasion aud circumstances may require, and each conspirator shall pledge his honor. Briestly (interrupting) : The pledge cf honor is not sufficient; we live in an age when honor is but a high sounding phrase, &n; excellent senti ment, no doubt, but there is no honor j amongst conspirators. Blitherow: Silence, fool, or I shall stop your tick, Priestly : Thou worthy master, whatsoever thou wouldst I shall do ; I am thy too-willing tool. (Aside) When conspirators and rogues fall out honest ratepayers shall have their rights, Maciyndon : Thou most 'worthy llalboizcn, if mine ears hath not de ceived me, Judas hath spoken the words of a trator. Blitherow : Silence, most wo rimy tools. The elections are upon us and ere another moon has passed citizen Atones may have wen fny mayoral chair, and every man, ii.sk or poor, will then enjoy his municipal rights, and yen wretched slaves will have to toil, "for if 1 am defeated I'll stop your credit- so let us at once stun the rolls. And now most worthy usurper of a sick man's post, make thy appoint ment permanent-. Take this dagger of treachery and lies and plunge it deep into Ike heart of aha p"oMrate and helpless Bar tin, who has dared to refuse to do my bidding, and ere the I golden sun doth again sued his crimson ; ravs to illumine the features and make glad ilie hearts of honest men, thou shall be the smeller of evil c-dor.s and the recorder of our treachery to the ratepayers. Batterson : Hark ! Speak low and resume ycur maslts. Uethinks I hear the clink of armed men. (Tremblingly arm-caching the door) Who comes there ? Voice without: Treachery, llalbotzon: Admit him, he hath the pass word. (Enter Earrabar; Liyirgrock and doorkeeper Dedwood, the former wedding a large pen with a niulga sapling for a handle, which in his hmd we"id be mightier than the sword, and the latter brandishing two bottles cf Beiymau's latest brew.) Halhotzon ; What ails thee. Ded wood r Dedwood: The old ooman ain't a-goiu' to keep me unless I chucks you crowd, and so I buys this tore to quit a guilty conscience (Here falls do wild Halbotzon Take the weak-kneed trailci* hence, father Abraham, and with this dagger give .him a passport to the land of your fathers. J hit he row ; I protest. . Why stay our friends ? Let ns slay our enemies, j Halbotzon : Silence, puppet, o" I'll place thee in durance vile for one hour and fine thee £8G, . . j Blithe <u'. : Monster: Wretch! AH] these treacherous deeds are done at] your instigation, that you mayst rise i abovo thyself. . : . " (Act 2.) j (Lnter Abraham Batterson, holding t a dagger iu each hand covered wit h I blood after slaying Dedwnod and j Bartin, followed by the other con- j snirators.) Halbotzon . A'hatails thee, faithful and patriotic. father ? . Ono would think thou haast seen a ghost. j Batterson . , Oh, damnable crime J and deed that 1 have done. Oh, ob- j scanty, had I but been content to re- j main within thy arms, 1 would, not j have these stains of innocent men's i Ijloft upon me, tor whilst I clew Dedvrccd I plunged Halbcizcn's dagger of treachery and lies deep in the breast cf the prostrate Bartin. Nor would I have bad the eternal vengeance of the guardian of the? orphans and widows pursuing me wheresoever I go. No more in peace ful deep I'll close my heavy eyelids. Now 1 shall go hence from this vile den, and the remaining years of a once happy life shall be an atonement for ihesc cruel deeds. Base con spirai S I forgive you as the Author of eternal justice forgives. Bet con science do the rest. Halbotzon : Good slave Briestly, seize ihc traitur and send him to the happy hunting grounds. Ha. ha, traitor, dead men tell 110 talcs. And now good friend and brother mason Livlngrock, what news hast thou "? Livingroci: (nsr\ci\2 and excited) : I've lust come from St. Helena. Our enemies are legion, and lieedmalcom and Fierce are at the head of a large number of indignant ratepayers under command cf Whiigo, and unless we w rv - '* w iV\r. ropn+v>hl«> and uff the vengeance of an outraged munici pality will be upon us. Already our rescue forces at Halbotzon's Japanese boarding house have fled to the mountain tunnel. (Loud knocking is heard at the cellar door.) 'Briestly (In great fear) : Oh, fool that I have L en to risk my life to lift conspirator Halbotzon from the gutter. (Here makes for the escape door.) Blitherow: Briestly stand your ground or I'll stop your tick. Briestly : Thy will, not mine, he done, good master. (Luud crashing ana fall of the cellar door.) Halbotzon (in fear and trembling) . Let us away to the mountain tunnel and seek the protection of our Jap anese allies 'ere it is too laic. (Enter Whitgo, Fierce, and Beed malcoim. followed by 14 disfranchised ratepayers bringing the sweird of justice.) Whitgo: In the name of justice, surrender. Loyal citizens, seize the two arch conspirators against the legal rights of the ratepayers of this municipality. These two wretches would outrage the noblest impulse, , the highest and first of hr.ilran pas sions, sympathy for the sick, afflicted and fallen. As for the base tools Briestly, Maciyndcp and Livingrock, allow thorn to go forth into the world to meet the wrath of ah Injured com munity. (Tableau.) 