CHAPTER IV. For many Jays David Leslie lay at death s ■ very threshold. But at length the raging fever spent itself, and lie was a sine man again. His first art on recovering his senses was to ask for the loiter and the newspaper which accompanied it. The letter which was found in his • clenched hand, and the newspaper addressed t<» him which lav on the table, had both been preserved, and they were at once given to Leslie. He read tho hlaok-rimmed once more, and then he took the newspaper and read therein the paragraph which gave an account of Mildred Blair's funeral. As soon as Leslie recovered his former strength and health he left New York, but he ' did not retnrn to Sootland. . Whf should he ? His lore was doad and buried. " Clasped and clothed in the cloven clay, Out of tho world's way, oat of the light and her father was wandering abroad by this time. Scarcely knowing, and certainly not caring , Leslie made for California, whither jie wenVj and than he entered the "diggings.** He must work to live, and, in his present mood, the hard, rough life of a digger suited him. David Leslie had now become a, totally changed man. . The death of Mildred had ' talon all the light out of his life, and he had grown into a moody, taciturn being, shunned of all bis comrades. And because he was careless of riches, wealth literally poured upon him. And ho toiled on month after month till the months grew into years, and at lcngtli five summers and winters had elapsed since that day when he received intelligence of the decease of the only woman he had ever loved. Then suddenly he was seized *ith an over powering desird to quit America and set foot upon his native heather once more. He acted upon the impulse, and in a few days was speeding away from California towards New York. Three weeks later he was waiking the familar streets of the town he had trod a poor man. Leslie had lost almost all interest in life and Its varied pleasures, and he did not even take the trouble to look up any of his old friends. Hia dearest wish—his only one—was to visit his love's last resting-place, whither he •Intended going on the morrow. Leslie was staying at the Royal Hotel, and tn the evening he went out for a stroll. It was a fine summer night, and as he left the, hotel entrance and walked aimlessly along the street, a barouche drove slowly past him. Quite casually Leslie lifted his eyes to the carriage, and in a moment his heart seemed turned to stone with fear. Tho barouche contained a lady and a gentleman, and the former bore a striking resemblance to Mildred Blair, only she seemed much older, paler, and sadder than the giri he had wooed. A policeman was standing near, and Leslie asked him if he knew the occupants ot the open carriage. " X cs, sir,'" the constable answered. "The gentleman i« Sir "James Fergusson, and the lady is his wife." Thanking the man. Leslie walked on, feel ing as if he had just seen if illy Blair's ghost. Early next morning be was in the pretty little town of Strathgowan, which is situated on the const a few miles from Edinburgh, and where fire years before Alexander Blair had a summer residence. The place was not unfamiliar to Leslie. ! and in a little while he was .sauntering through the cemetery among the tombs. Coming op to the sexton, who was busily engaged filling np a grave, he xsked the man if he knew where Miss Mildred Blair was buried. The sexton indicated a ranrbb* colamn small distance away, and thither Leslie I proceeded with reverent , and fullering step. Pansing beside the gray shaft he mid ] thereon: Sacred To the Memory of Mildred, Only Daughter of Duncan Blair. Leslie came to an abrupt stop. This t the grave of some other Milly Blair. lie- j tracing his steps he explained to the sexton j that the grave he desired to see was that of the daughter of Alexander Blair, who formerly owned the manse of that ttamc in the town. "I ken the hddr ye mean," the man •replied, " hat yefIl no sec her grave the day. • for she's leerin* an' married noo to Sir Jec-mcs Leslie reeled for a moment like a drunken . man; but by a great effort he recovered himself, ciyiug h usk2y: #< Are you sure of this r " "Nac doot o' it," the sexton rejoined, without ceasing to shovel in the earth. " And who was this woman who lies there V* ** A pair niece o* Blair's who cam' to Iceve ai the manse 6omc months ere she de#d." Leslie turned away, his bruin In a perfect whirl of wonder. Milly not dead, but married to another man; Good God! could it bo potable? Was he mad or dreaming The thing seemed utterly m credible : and ret there wa* tho testimony of the sexton, The ] words graven on the tombstone, and had he | not already seen a woman, who«e likeness to his love had startled him so much, riding witli Sir James £ergaswm. And if it were true, what did it mean? i Who was rc-poT>ible for the falsehood he had j been led t/> give such utter credence to? Was it1 merely a terrible mistake, or such hellish I knavery as only a devil could conceive ? ! Such" thoughts as there ran riot in Leslie's! mind, and pnScntly out of his mental chaos there grew one clear resolution. lit would know the truth of it all, and Ht ouci. Soon he was speeding back to the- town, having ascertained that neither Alexander Blair nor his daughter wen? staying at Strathgowan: and from a servant at the manse, where lie had got the information, he hud learned that Sir James and Lady Fergujsson lived at Randolph Crescent. On reaching the town Leslie hailed a cab, and soon the aristocratic quarter 111 which the Fergussoch lived was reached. It was now a couple of hoars after noon, and he thought it very probable that he would find her ladyship at home. Nor was he mistaken. Giving his ami to {he servant who answered the door, ho was shortly afterwards informed that her ladyship would see him, and he was at once shown iuto tho visitors* room. And then with fast throbbing poke and a mind strangely confused lie awaited the appearance of the woman for whom be had exiled himself, and whom he still loved with an insane intensity. Presently a well-remembered face and figure glided into the room, and for a brief space there was an utter silence. Milircd had sunk into on easy chair, her f.ice white as death, her whole frame betraying the greatest emotion. Luckily Sir James was not at home, so that their interview would not be interrupted. For some moments Leslie's black eyes "xed themselves on the sweet pale face before him, then wich an effort be managed to articulate, a strange, harsb, husky tone, "Tour ladyship seems surprised to see me ?" camethe answerin low tremulous accents, "for I thought you were still abroad." 141 only returned three days ago. Can you guess why I came back to Scotland r" 441 hare not the least idea," she replied, more collected now. 141 ttimc with the express purpose of visit- j ing your grave, " he said, resolved to come: at once to the point. I "•My grave?" she cried, her wide-open1 eyes attesting her sur^n Yes: X have only just returned from j the Strathgowua cemetery, where I found; not your grave, as I expected, but that of your cousin. Aiter mourning five years for you as one dead, but not lost to me for ever, I came back to find you living and another man's wife. Why was I deceived so cruelly? Who is responsible for the infernal trick played upon me?" The last words rangont shrilly, for Leslie** passion hud grown suddenly beyond control, j and utterly broken down now, ho sank iuto j a chair. ""Why did you think me dead?*4 she ex claimed." 441 do not understand. WM you not explain?*' For reply he drew from one of his inner pockets u po ket-book, and handed to her the letter he had received from her father five years ago. and with it was a paragraph cut from the Strathgowan Observer. She took the letter and newspaper extract from hhn, reading the former first, and hi u moment the whole truth Hushed upon Iter. The next instant she fell forward in u swoon, but ere she touched the floor Leslie caught her in his arms, and laid her back in the deep He did not ring for assistance, bnt, chafing her bands, awaited her recovery. At this moment Leslie was possessed by two ragiusr demons; one an overwhelming desire to regain the woman he hud been robbed of, the other a mad desire for vengeance on the man who had so basely deceived him. In a little while Mildred recovered, and | instantly Leslie began to pour iuto her < the tale of their wrongs and his own suffer ing. He dilated on the baseness of the act which had kept them apart, on the wealth he possessed, his own undying a function for her; but all his urging* were in vain. Mildred rcs]**ctcd her husband, though she did not love him; and evea for Leslie's sr" she dared not face the sharac and scandal ofj an elopement. Again and again he strove to indues her to fly with him, to meet with ipiiet but firm refn-al each time. At last, in a condition of frenzy, Leslie went awav, bnt ere he took his departure he took Mildred in his arms, despite her resistance, clasped her madly to his breast, covering her face with burning kisses. Tlieu he hurried away, and she saw him no more alive. When she next saw him, lie was far beyond the reach of her prayers and tears, and she regretted with all her soul that she had not listened to his impassioned entreaties aud fled with Lira abroad. But it was all too bite when she thought of such a -pn>jreeding. It was evening, and before one large house in Moray place a great crowd of excited people were gathered, their glances fixed on one of the palatial residences, wherein a ter rible tragedy, had b*?n played out scarcely a couple of hours before. ' Alexander Blair, the great woollen man, had been murdered by au unknown gentle man, who, immediately afterwards, blew out his bruins with the same revolver that sent a ballet through Blair's head. Shortly afterward?, the doer of the strange deed was identified as David Leslie, who had once been in Blair's employment; bat save Lady Fcrgusson, no one knew why her father's life had been taken. ' 