BROWSN EYES- OR BLUE ? OnRAPTER 1,-Continued. Like all other things the dinner comes to an end; my mother and the rector's wife exchange glances, and then we all rustle put Captain Winstanley, who opens the door for Is. In the drawing- room the three elder ladies gather together on the hearth rug and discuss servants and such domestio matters, while 1 and my three sisters squeeze our selves together upon one huige sofa and enter into such converse as loving sisters usually delight in. Prrsently the men come in, each and all bearing that happy flush which one never sees on the countenance of any man save immeoliately after dinner. 'My father goes straight to the her, brug, and, after the manner of well-bred English gentle-men, establishes himself so that if there were afi, e in the room no one else would have the remotest chance of seeing it. Mr Broughton makes tor Kate, who. hs discreetly slipped into a chair near the piano, and Mr de Lidte goes as promptly for refuge to the couch whe-re Ida has hastily planted herself. Lord Bulstrode comes to she huge soft whete Aloys and I are still sibling, and asks, in a joking way, whether we can find room for him or not. Of course we do so, and, after a few minutes Mr Mordaunt comes with a request that Aloyn will play something. So Aloys goes away in her turn, and the Mnr quis and I are left on the great throne.-like sent alone. I feel the absurdity of it, but I do not exactly like to get up and go away, so I do what is neox best, I plunge into con. versation heedlessly. 'Do you know, Lord Bulstrole,' I begia, speaking in a t one of great importance, * what happened to-night at dinner ' *' '.That it was eaten, I suppo e,' he answers with e laugh. ';Thirteen sat dowog.I say impressively. 'And what-of that ' he laughs. 'What of itt ' Well, one of us will die before the year is out i' * Stuff and nonsense,' he says uncere monidosly. 'Don't you believe in it ?' I ask. lTrd Bulatrude shakes "his'bead. ' At Castle Bulstrode we have more than a dozen family ghosts, and I don't believe in one of them. You doa't really want to make mebelieve that you 'are disturbed or fright ened by the simple fact of your having sat at the same table with twelve other personas ' ' I don't'like it,' I'reply "reliuctantly. ' I don't say beliherve in it, but if I had noticed it before I wouldn't have done it.' 'The best thing would be for two of us to get married- and that would make only twelve.' We both laugh at this; but, calling to mind the examples of married life which have already fallen under my notice, I do not hold with the theory which declares man and wife one-they are always divided, any way. ' How remarkably well your sister plays I' said the Marquis presently. 'Doesn't she ' is my reply-for I am anxious to do my sister a good turn if I can. * She does ever, ything well - plays, sings, draws, paints, ska:es, ride., drives all equally well.' ;' What a wife she will make for some one 1' says Lord Bulstreile. 'Ah, won't she 4'-and I thlink an I say so that my sister's fate is almost decided as we all wish it should be; but to my surprise the IMarquis does not follow up the suhject as he should do if he were much impressed by Aloy's charms. "I suppose " Dice" is" an abbreviation of your proper name i' he says, twisting one of his gloves about in a reflective manner. 'Yes; my real name is "Eurydice," I answer - adding with my usual candour, 'Pretty name, isn't it ' 'Very,' he says empha'ically-' almost as pretty as--' Here he breaks off sud-lenly and I fiiish the sentence for him. ' Almob as pretty as " A!oys " isn't it 1' Aliys 1' he says, with a questioning look. 'Yes,' I reply impatiently. ' " Aloys " is toy sister's name.' 'Oh, yes I No, Miss Dire, I don't think "Aloys" is as pretty as " Eurydice "-notby a long way.': And somehow I feel as if I had ' put my foot in it; ' but th-n I so often feel like that -the sensation is nothing new. ' And are you as clever as your sister, Miss Dice ' asks Lord Bulstrode after .another long pause. SI 1' I cry, with incredulous wonder that such a question ahould be put to me. ' Why,, I casinot even dress myself properly. I can rid-, but a polka or waltz is the utmost I can play, and at all genuine pursuits I am awfully stupid.' Really I But you can ride, you say '. SOh, yes.' . ' And drive i'-' Of course.' ' And you could get a stone out of a horse's hoof I' ' I should think I could,' - with indig nation. - ' And you skate ' ' Oh, ye I' I say, annoyed to find how much I cando. ' I know all such masculine things; it is sewing, and - drawing room accomplishments that I am so deficient in.' ' I s-e, then perhaps to-morrow morning you will do me the favor to ride with me 1' 'That I will I' I cry heartily, quite for getting Aloys and Petre- ' s early as ever you please; suppose we say directly after breakfast 1'. ' ertainly.' ' hat are you two discussing' so e1r nestly 1' says my mother who feels it will not do to leave her noble guest unnoticed any longer. SWe are planning a ride for to merrow morning, Mrs. Adair,' answers Lord Bul. strode. My mother looks a little astonished ; we have all put 'Aloys down for the Marquis. But the great man must please hinmself-ahd after all it makes no difference to my mother. Soon after this Mr. and Mrs. Mordatnb take their departure - an. example that is quickly followed by thet Rector and his wife; and soon after eleven our guests have all gone ; and then my father carris e off the Marquis to the smoking-room for a chtf, and we girls retire to our private apartments for the same purpose. 