SS 1 Why Did Es Love Fer? \---4--- CHA-PTERs Lt_1 {Con'en!d). "Halr 1?eiL Carrie, 'on here? hut I sup "ore the news of last night's escapade brought yon cr~e. i hopa my patient knows nothing of the afr for iu Im told h was opposed to the marrige. Ican'o see whi, -tor Philip Vane is an elegant and deeer pe'Sg fellow_ and -the heiss hasn't made such a bad choice. Poor Fontainens mn. was probable no clearer an that score than on others, or he would not hare Opposa her ish.-." I cannot agrS rwith Ton, doctor. I think the objections r. Fontaine were 'ell fotnodel," she * old replied. 'I did not come over on Saella's account, hot so remove lanla to the Vale. I am sooy to esay that she has been attacked by illness, bronghton.it sesmem by-the scent of the fesh pa- int non the house, Mtr. Summer ton gpave her such remedies as he consi dered neces-arr, and she is much better; but I shall be glad if you will go op and see her before yon leate.' " Of course ; such c-s-- sr not uncom mon, and Isoala has a ere sensitive tem pera=ent. But 1 a:rs: rs go in and see how Fontaine is. It is a s elan?mobl hsiln cination he labous under, and I almost des-=ir ci disetting it." "Is it e-= soF?" said Iist Carleton, with a slighlt shundder. "JIs there no hose for him 1" I can sea none, for there is a canse for t~he suectr-l iision in this ease-tb fatal cause,n which medicat skill can nerer re miore." Their e?s ansi and both felt that the other knew what the dire cause was. She presentol asked: "Can I not osee him I do not wish to speak with ~im;only to look upon himand form my oawn jinudgment as tohis condition, " lean easily manage that for you. Pass through This -windo-, and- remain in the linrs w?hie I am with himn in his own apartment. I hare had a entain Iaced in fron 'a the door to conceal the tereon who watches near him, as it mnade him ir alehlo to have nome one al?ars in sight You ran shelter roorseli behind it and look on hram while he talks with me" Whil he was speaking the doctor opeaed the bhl.-i and throw uy the sash of the win dow. Coe-ar aronsed himnself as- he- heard them enter, and aroas with a deep how and a i--srk of i..Ltense srerie as he recognied irszs Cri:mn. Shemotioneed to him tbre iain sidrt. antd il passed with the phlsician towards the hear fold of damask tha~t swept to the door. Dr. Sinclair liftt athem aside and entered the large room, while iss Carleton., with a qnickly besting heart, phacert herself in such a e-titon as to enslhler to look into Fon t"inc's apartlmnt witheut being herself He was sitlin" wsit his face tnoed to ward her. holdinig a fz?ment of paper in his hands, which he Erocusal turned from si?~de so aid-e. rolling it up and smoothing it out iternatetrly. as i nconseious of what hI was adoing The crimson enshonos of \- the large ?hair on which he sat threw ont his st?u-e-qe head, wi:h it clearly ct fea.ir.no now aescy as colourless as manrtle iLsetL His Irge blach eyesas they wandered restlessl around ithe room, had in t-em lhb saie I-ld, - nstt'led exprs aola ther had wor on that last morning at Sthe Va'ls; and the concealed r~-or shrank fram meetfig tihem again with a sort of soppresse feeling hint -hivered thr ogh her ahing heart.L When Dr. Sinclair appeared beiore him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an int?nt upon him, and then dropping his peaer he stretcheS d out his hand, and said, in his natural \- rotee: Let me grasI your hand, doctor, to con \- ince myself that you are real. I am so -tann*,en by phantoms that I cannot distin gu-h -esh and blood from thrn unlss I touch itL" "I, at all: eeni, am c subs- tantial en itiT. yFntain. and I never intend to visit any of my frienfds in a ghostly shape- Hare jo--neir ?y friends muit-iplied? At fast it was only one that isited you" Yes, he aretermor-? replied; ""he has brought otliers with hin. He was the dead demon: hut he has ?aile-1 others to sid hi inhia work of.or:tre- He has bronghtnp anqno's ghost, with those that came to i?hardi IL_ the night before the battle of . -worth. He has eson gone back into the dayrs of anliq ty sn l sammoned lint gob in grim who stood beside she co-n=h df Ie~n~n and sai d, Meet me at Phillippi r ' Ah I is wa Identh that me: him lher; but n- familiar gies me no such welcora Why should you wish to die, Fontrine ? Tao hare much to live for," was the sooth ouch. mneh--yes. I comprehend that; i-et ~nulh be a mercey tOe to 0o die. If i _coolA wipe ihi r-?; 'stir. rom my hand, I m,-ght c.asu -ane thst -uld dIrive eter, evil from at me;bu it dpenss, it darkens w-ith evers hour doctor. Oh! murdEr i a fear oLn~ crime and hbe who com?ints it merits death, I had ratherpay thsa penalty than IIre the life lo which I ta doomed." "Then you are tired of being shut up here ? f you wish it, I iili permit on to ralk out outn: daily. ou need not go be yond your own grounis." Fo=:ntaine slowly shook his head. "No, Sincs!ir: I ill not make a -pec tacte oi mooelf to my own people. Besides, the phantom forbids hats; he is stonding bet-ee-n us now, andhe fro ns een at the pmroposs! from you. Nc--th:ese rsoms shIll bee~me my liing grave for I will not go beyaoni them." " We shai!see when the opring weather comes. Ih is cold now . and-i is we f"cr you to sitas in doors." "OaCe I breasted the storm and defeo tice wind :now I am a a reed shaken y itre faintest breath. Sinclair, who is behind that curtain? I fee!l a Fresence there hat -ast s sweetness and comfor: to me. Who is it ?: He nh!i arose as if to approach the ahaded door, but the physician plahed his hens noon its arm, sod said: *A frIen3 oftyours is there, but she did not intend no introde upon you. Would it plea~s o-t seeher? YN0o re so calm to 3rt tI th ink her risit r;Ii not harm tot. Fzn:?ine s?k back, and in an nsited whiisr said: S;ring he ain It know--I unow who ii m scar e. nt to e nsin dre i ?Dr- Sincl.ar went to -the eurkahn, drew it aside, andled forward tbhe oman who had atched and listened with her heart upon her lips. Fontaine advanced to meet her 'ith his usual statel_ elegance, but when she offered him her cold hand, he rapidly drew her toward him, and pressed her to his breast and said: "'Tnu hae comens to the lost one. C.-erie You enight have sared me, if I dared to lay the burden of my sin upon poor innocent hearL 1o: I could not-I could not; and and now I am demon-harnied, while my angel ei far from me. Ah l there it is now \--gliding between us slth its deadly breath \--ohiiing mce to the heart." His arms dropped down suddenly, and he iotlered as if about to fall. Dr. Siclair hastened to support him to his seat, and after afew moments he became more con posed. Miss Carleton gently asked: "Is there no other one you would like to see, Mr. Fon tline? One yon have dearly lored world be made h-appy by being admitted into your presence again." HRe reg-r-ed her eaasntls, end seemed to he eonsidering the rmeaning of her words. Presently r t pressed his hand to his head and said: " Yes, e--I remember. I ciled her my child; I lovre- her as such; but the demon forbids me to do so any longer. He com mands me not to look upon her, andI dare not disobey him. But you can tase my place. Take lola to pcur heart, Carrie Carieton, and she will prove as great a bolessing to yn as she might have been to me, but for this cruel, eruel rerecution. I canno: see her againm; her pretence is op pressive to me; an--aud--now even ouros is beooming so. There stonds the phantom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go a'w. I e=treazt, or he m=r gain the sameu dibolicsel power over you that he haa over me." He put up his hand deprecatigly, and at a s-n- from the physician I.ss Carleton glided from the ap artment, carreing with her thfe painful fear that Claude Fonteine's mind was wrecked btond restoration. irsa Carleton wrota a brief note to Mrs. eBerkel-, descriing the condition of adfairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send o-er such rtiCfes of dclotlhing as she might require during her slay. iThe enrriage was san bLnk with thi~s: and unable to remain within doors writLh the weight upon her ,her- that seemed crushing iher to the earth, Css'ie Carleton wanderedi out into the grou.ds, .and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid erercise. She spent many hours in this bitter struggle wit-h he-elf, and more than once the err cone. to her lipo: Oh. wsould that the right was mine to be near him for evar-for ever!" CHAPTEH XXXIII. 5311 raoM GrosGs. As the dinner hour drew n~e. Miss Carleton returned to the house and went np to Isola's room. She found her sitting up inbe-., while she read George Berkele's letter. There rwas a glow upon her lately colonrless face, and her eyes sparkled with her nsual animation_ Miss Carieton iad recovered outward composure, and with her usual afectionate kindnes she said: ' I -ee that vou are agreealy- emplo?red, soI will leave you to the enloyUment of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see yon beforehe left. I suppose he has beenoup." Tes-he camse with Mr. Srunmerton; but I wassleeping so soundly that thee did not aro·se me. The Senora was here just now?. and told me that he said I had been extremely iii, but I am now doing welL" -e approued of Mr. S.umest.on's treat ment " " Tes, entirely." This as?ounrance satiefed her friend, and remtoved the fears she felt in spite of the solicitude of the Italian for Is.-la's re cocers_ She lingered long enough to ar range her dress, and then left the girl to read anain ths letter which contained so mnrch that was precious to her. During the months that had elslsea since the r-arture of George Berkely. Isola had learei to look on him as her future companion for life. All1 his true Oelities arc:e before her in vivid c'nira,-t of l'ilip. and the -earm frienindshiJ she head chlththed for George assumed the hue of lovre. She felt that she could inml,licrit truIts: that honest nature, and give him that entire respect without which afectirn can have no firm hasi. His let.ter ran thus " St. Peterabnrg, " ovember,. 15, 18 "My Beloyed Ioola:-Your precious letterhas jest reached me. It gives me the righ:t to address you thus, for in it I behold the p!edge that my Peri -ill, in time, fold her uinge in the nest it shall be my sweetes: care to prepare for her. "dv dlaring, I am happy, for I know that _oa would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a epring of tendef ness had not opened for me. I will prove nmyself worthe of it, Iola, and I feel the srwee: aLsurance thatI can make your hap pinesr , as you witll mine, in the future which 0oons before me bathed in the rosy hues of lore. "B'u I must not fill my letter with pro testaticns which you do not need, to assure you of the depth of my saffection for you. Tiha. you know, is indestructible as life itself. I have become that impoltant per so-nage to 'he home circle he has left LOe hind hi:u --a trave:ler in foreign lands; and my corn:nuntic-tion' "ill have escecial in tere t from a country so little known to ' outsi'.e brari'ans,' as uussia i therefore I mc: end-avour to maintain the character of an inteliigent cbserver. "I ha ve now been in St. Petersburg aEL-.erl weeks. and 'we have weather to swhih our keenest mountain breeze is com parate.e -.sunler. " Oar ambascador has been received by the Emperor. and his vul-orli.oates have, with hin.a -tended a court ball. There I had the honoor of an introduction to the the grandest looking man I have ever seen. "'iche0as is a mannicenot man, and as courteous as he is h-.dsomne. He woas sur rounded. by ' :ri:inl grooup o ofZeers who had dis:inguished themselves in his ser rice. "Onong them was a satelE-loorking man, who attracted me from the first mo ment my eyes fell on him. I -annrst tell why thiis was, for he was no: more striking in his appearance than many others near him. He ws a omiddle-aged man, withl hair sprinkled with grey. and the eapressicn of one 'who has suffered wrong. hardship, and dis-apointmen:t; all of which hi:ad been merged in the phiiloophic determination to make the most of what Heaven spared from the wreeked hopes he had left scattered upon his life-path. "I inquired who he war, and learned that he is an Italian of the name of Fon tani. who for many years has been in the employment of the Emperor es an engineer, His services have been rewar·ded with the title of Iaron and a large estate near Mos cow; and the decorations he wore bore seit ness to tne triumphs he has gained. ]ut he soon retirea from the gay scene, in which he only appeared at the command of his master. "It would fill up my letter to describe to you the magnificence of the scene on this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illumi nated with radiance, and filled with a crowd of iovely and richly dressed women, at tended by cavaliers in brilliant court cos tnme. "It was late when we made our congi; in my sleigh was Charles Brinsley, my fel low attachi, and n msvif ; the night was en choat?ting; the moon was shining with a lIstre that rendered every object risible, and we sped over the snow-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden turning, our sleigh came in contact with another approacsing from the opposite di rection. The collision was so riolent that one of our horses fell in the traces; but the fiery steeds of the other sleigh swerved to one side, dashed ferward, evidently unman ageable by the driver, who had been par toltng too freely of the strong waters t which his countrymen are much ad dirted. "A gentleman attempted to spring out, but caught his foot in the leopard skin xwith which the sleigh -.?s lined, and fell in such a position as so b in dunger of having his brains dashed ount by the horses. I sprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and suc eeded in holding them in till Brinsle. end ithe driver coeid come to my assistance. "Thme check enabled the prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himc_.lf from his perilous posi'ion. He spoke tc the horses, and they stood docile and obe dient to his voice. He thanked us for out e.rirts to serve him, and insisted that we siuld eaccept seats in his rehicle since ours was disabled. He said: "'I am idaron Fontani, and I am on my way to the palace to lay before the En?m eror someuesapatches shich have inst ar rirved; bnt 1 pledge myself not to detain you many moments, and I will then set jon down at your own hoteL* " Of course we accepted his offer; and taking the reins in his own hands, the Baron bade his driver remain with ours and aid him in every p..seible manner. "Alfterrabrief interiew w-ith the Czar he returned to us, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from -ue he gave me his card, and requested me to call on him on the following day, I. of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit hinl. " At asa early an hour as I hoped to find him free to receive friendly calls, I went to his palace. He met me with his kindins-s:; was pleased to exaggerate t:he service I had rendered him, and shooed as much interest in my afiirs as if he had been a friend of long standing. -The Baron informed me that in his youth he had travelled in the United States. -MIany portions of the counsrv in tem ested him deeply, especially the moun tan scenery of my native state, with which he -esmued familiar. He showed me ' Jeff-_ ersjons Fotes on tirginia' in his library; ani I discrered that he understands Eng lish, though at first he spoke to me in Ersucho "He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased from a wandering artist; and among them I found a picture of the T'ele, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the aIntter, and void: "'I was induced to take that because the name is so nearly my own. Do you know of such a place in your native State?' "I told him all about the p!ace and the connection between its owner and my Ismill. I cannot describe to you the in sorest with which he listened. He inquired about Mr. Fontaine-his hatlits, his peculi arities; end when I had finished my de scription, he said: "' From your account of him, one would think this man a king among his peers. How is it that he has never married ?" "I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as the pro bable scause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: " Is there no other cause for that sad ness? It seems to aoe that the owner of this beautiful rlace, situated in a brascing mountain atmnosphere, and surrounded, as you say he is, by kind and steadfast friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to vwhich you refer.? '" H haid muoch to sadden his yoolh,' I told him; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the shole of that sad story absot Henry Fontaine. When I had ~fuiushed, he said: If your friend was guiltless in that alair. s wh should he cherish the feelings you have described? I an: afraid there is a dark stain en the ermine of his robe, sapotl!ess as you would have me believe it.' "'urgive me, isola, for repeating hlis words to you, for we klnow; how pure, how noble Mr. Fontaine is-how far above eny temptstion to crhue, and ?sach crime as this ! "I s?eedil; disabused my new friend of this idea; but he has shoan the intlrest he takes in the subject by frequen:ly referring: to it ihen -e meet, and the mtsterr o1 Henr. Fontaine's fate seems to posre.s as utrong an attraction for him as it could for the nearest friend of ~cur father. " I have not s et told him of yon. I do not 'ro ?lt: feeh:.g sithlserd me; l.ut I am a isealous tisier. who hboards his happi nes0 in his own least as too sacred to he shared by others; for in this I am not ex pansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in my iniost :ear' visible to tbho-e around me. To the vo:' ins-day world I g:ve m:; energies; to you. the consecrated dreams of love and hope. "I hare a :ni:na ure of you which I pilfered from Fanny. and in mn sol:tary hours it is my constant cumpani .?np i yearn to return to you. to clainl ra i n l own for ever, but my friends wouhl :.: : prove of it just now; so I must e " impatience, and prove moself r .:', the happiness that awaits me. " Adieu, my precious love; let your ihear: rest on me in perfect trust, for in life and death I am yours alone. '- GEORGE BeF..SIJ.=" Lsola folded her letter, ansd laid it upon her pi!!ow, with a seet smile upon her lips. She felt that her haven of rest was almost gained;t lhat George would take her to his noble heart and shield her from the storms of life. (To bre continuel) 