| AN , aerial. . PHANt.OM. , by a BANKltn. Amongst the Htriiugcst of nil nntura pltouomoun may bo inclndud that re- mdrkublo opticul cit'oct kqotrn as tlio mirngc, or fntn morgunn. Tho onasc which produces this singular nnd sonie- whnt,;rriro sjiectnclo is nt jtrosent but imperfectly understood; tho ntinosphoro must exist sufficiently (loiiso its 'to form ft sort of mirror, mora or lcss concnvo, upon which tho objects in the ivicinity aro rellectod nnd magnified, tho np- pnrcnt eiloot being that 'they are brought appreciably noarer to tho beholder. Tho writer has : on two occasions boon fortunate in witnessing this pheuomenou iu the South <'of Eng land. A considerable number of ships wcro suiting on tho horizon, when gradually tt most extraordinary appear ance presented itself, for over each vessel appeared nil inverted dhplionto, a veritable phantom ship, tho top of; tho mninmiist resting npon tho correspond ing part of tho real ship. As the vessel tucked, so tho. course of tlio phantom was altered ; us a sail wns. lowerod, so the phantom sailors, stnnding on their heuds, loworud a phuutom sail ; overy. movement of tho real and , substantial vessel 'being exactly imitated by its spectral coiupnniou ; tho ouo, however, boing apparently equally real and solid as tho, other. Ench vessel iu sight hud its double, 'following it uboat overhead Wn living nightmaro ; every sailor on deck had an invertad ghost, who copied his every, .movement ; with exact pro- ciaion'; : if ho ran up the \ralliuoB tlio spcotro ran down to moet him, toturn ing upwards to. his ovorhunging.dook wheii tho living sailor descended.' j If ;fi'o 'snliito'di hie, suporibr'., bjfiobi'n .the spectre did : tho . same i at : -tho.n stime, moment, as if the .two. worb.snnimatod by tbojsatnb.powbr.-1- Aitor--w«»M»j»)' ,,l"fjTito"tlfd'ba'soless fabrioof a vision, Loft not a i wraith. behind.-" . .i bccasiohnlly this' 'phehtftnehori' is obi served to iuvorl high :in tiir objects fur below tbo horizon, bringing ,'thein within the range of -vision of'nn oh- BorYor sittinted Tar boyond tho 'nat.iirnl range. Iu this way sotiio of Sir ifohu Franklin's ships wtiro discororbd j hud iu tho English Channel, Dieppe, hns been seen from Dover, even the fishing, boats in tho liitrbour, ,lbe buildings,' and tho different colour- of tho lttiul on the heights being" also' visible, Uf courso, this wits ortliiitirilyiquifald'ut of sight, being below tho horizon. This form 1 'of1 mirage occasionally happens in the desert in n most -tanta lising manner, for, (ho, weary, traveller sees,' a short distance in 'fi'ohtJbi hint, a beautiful oasis, palms waving in tt refreshing .breeze,' which.ho/lbels not dn tlio jihrouing, sultry, honvyjair, ;groon 'grass on whiuh be Itopes to rbgnlo his exhausted camels, ,puols , of ae.lieious 'water1 rippling in 'tlio 'moving tiir, to which ho iturrios on in order to assuago bis burning thirst, nnd to bathe bis boated nnd weary limbs. Eagerly he proBSus forward, impetuous for a draught of that cool tnid grateful liquid when to his dismay aud hopeloss dos- puir he finds that it was all but a tau- tulizing illusion, whiuh lias fuded awuy into nothing,' (lushing all his hopes of pleasure , to the grouud, and leuving him to plot! his weary way ovor the hot, bunting sand, Aud do not vory muiiy of ns in our pursuit of pleasure exactly ropcitt this' traveller's oxporiottce and find tliut tlio plunsttro wo lind beon eagerly pursuing, to tbo oturiml ruin of aoul und body,'was but an insubstuutiul mirage, wlticlt eluded our ardout grasp and loft us n punting nnd exhausted wreok, ruiiivd both for this world 'and or tho next f Dm thero iiru pleasured, ' solid and lasting ploasures, so' custatiu that tho mind of until is incnpablu of conceiving their ovcrwhultniug glory, whioll uro ticeussiblo to all who eare to possess them. Aud tho only way to secure an inheritance to those pleusuros is to " Four God and keep llis com mandments," thu atonomeut untile onco for . all by tho Suviour of tlio world boing a sure and nbsolutu passport to all who will but uccopt it. 