AN AERIAL PHANTOJ. [BY A BaNwrn., A mongst the strangest of all natural pbe. nomena may be included that remarkable optcal effect known as the mirage, or fa'a morgana. The cause which produces this singular and somewhat rare spectacle is at present but imperfectly understcod; it is however assumed that an aqueous condition of the atmosphere must exitt, sufficiently dense as to form a sort of mirror, more or less concave, upon which the objects in the vicinity are reflected and magnified, the apparent effect being that they are brougLt appreciably nearer to the beholder. T'ce writer has on.two oce sons been fortontie in witnessing this phenomenon in the South of Englaud. A considerable number of ships weio sailing on the horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary appear race presented itself, for over each vessel ap peared an inverted dsp'icate, a verit blc phantom ship. As the vessel tacked, so the course of the phantom was altered, as a sail was lowered, so the phantom sailkr', standing on.the heads, lowered a phantom sail; every movement of the real anid sub. Et ,ntial veaselbeing imitated by its spectral companion; the one, however, being ap parently eqsally real and solid as the other, Every -vcsje in sight had its double flA lowing it about overhead as sa living night mate; every sailor on deck bhad an invert -d ghost; who. copied his every movement with exact precision; if he ran up the rat. lines the spectre'did the same at the same moment,- ts:if the twry were animated by the same power. After a time all this vanished a'ay anrd,'-. :" Like the baseless fbrie of a vision, Loft not a writl hbhind. Occasionally: this phenomenon is observed to inuvet high in air objects far below the horizon, bringing them within the range of vision of an.observer situated far beyond the natural:.raeb Ae-Ina this way some of Eir John Frank!iai's ships were discovered; and, in the English. Channel, Dieppe has been seen from Dover, even the fishing boats in the harbor, the buildings, and t:i different celor of the land on the hoight. beng also -vi ible. Of- course, this was ordinusily quite out of sight, being below the horizon. - This form of mirage o:casionally happens in the dese t in a most tantalising manner, nor the weary traveller sees, a short distance in front of hlim, a beautiful oasis, palms waving in a refreshing breeze, which he feels not in the parching, sultry, heavy .ir, green grass on swhich he hopes to regle his exhaustod camels, pools of delicious water rippling iu the moving air, to which he hurries on in order to assuage his baan ing thirst, and to bathe his heated and weary limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, impetuous for a draught of that cool asd grateful liquid, when to his dismay anl hopelcss despair he finds that it was all buLi a tantalizing illusion, which has faded away into nothi'ng, dashing all his hopes of pleasu:e to the ground, and leaving him to plod his weary way over the hot, burning sand. And do not very many of us in c?r pu:rgit of pleasure exactly repeiat iLi traveller's experience, and find tlt-t the i!Leasuroe ve had beoen eager:y pursuing, tl the eternal ruin of soul and body, was but an insubstautial mirege, which eluded our ardent grasp, and left us a panting and cx. llIusted wreck, ruined both for this world and f?r the inext But there are pleasures, solid and lasting pleasurcs, sa cstatic that the mind of man is ine.pable even of con ceiving their overwhelming glory, which ore accessible to all who care to possess them. And the only way to secure an ihoritance to tIl sa pleasures is tp " Poeq God, and keep Ilis comp..-tdsgents,'" th. atonement made once for all by the Saviaur [f the world being a sure and absnlu ' pssport to all wrho will but ae:ept it, 