WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, rTH DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. Sy M3RS MAY AGNES FLEMING. unthor of 'Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER XI.-(Continued.) 'Sit down," he said, impatiently shift .In away from her glance, "and don't 'nre in that way, child. I don't sup ,ti' it's anything to be alarmed about, -ly-I think I ought to tell. You're hrin to be married, and you ought to know. Then the burden and the secrecy will he off my conscience, and you can tell hint or not, as you please-; That will be your affair, and, if he deserts gnu " He stopped again, again rressed his hand hard over his forehead, as though the thread of his ideas had broken. "There is something queer' the matter with my head," he half mute trd; "'I don't seem able to talk or thinS somehow to-night" Then I wouldn't try, papa," Kathe rise interrupted. more and more larnted: "you are looking dreadfully. Let me ring for Francois to see you, and eand for the doctor. I am sure you are n:: fit to be up." .No, no-don't send-at least, not yet. I have tmade up my mind to-night, and. If I don t tell you now, I may never frmmuon courage again. You ought to know. child-you ought to know. You are not safe for an hour. It is like li?i"g over a lighted mine until that nroman is dead. You ought to tell him -that fellow- Dantree, you know. If pr: ,eserts you, as I said, better to do it tfore the wedding-day than after. I knoW it is the money he. wants; I tow he's a coward, and a humbug, and fortune-hunter, and It may be the gneatest mercy for you, child, if he does -avre you before the wedding-day." Tstherine started to her feet. "papa." she cried,- passionately, "this i_ too bad-too cruel! I thought you ner. never going to speak against Gas ton again: you told me you would not. Surely he has done nothing to deserve it. This day week is mly wedding- day, and you talk of his deserting me. Papa, if such a thing happened--could happen Irwuld kill myself-I tell you I would! I would never survive such disgrace!" He sank into a chair in a dlazed, help I.n sort of way. -What shall I do ?" he said, wearil-; ?ats: shall I do ? If I had only told her years and years ago! Now It is Se stood and looked at him. pale with wonder and vague alarm. -Told tme what ? Is it the secret thaltrs V'avasor holds ? Why not tell me. then ? Whatever it is, I can bear it: I can bear anything except your hard words of Gaston-your talk of his deserting me. Tell me, my father: I'm st a child or a coward. I can bear it, ta:tever it is." - 'You think so, but you don't know; you don't know! You-hate that woman, and you are so proud, so proud. You annot bear poverty, you told me that;:' and 1. what can I do ? I cannot save you from-" His incoherent words died away: his ihad fell back. Katherine sprang to his side with a scream of terror. ' An eher ins:ant. and she flew to the bell, inging a peal that nearly tore it down. oh! What was this ? His face had grown purple, his whole loam rigid: what he had feared so long had befallen at last. He was stricken bth apoplexy. The room filled with frightened ser rants. After the first shock, all KIathe te's senses came back. She de gatched a man at once to Castleford for the family .doctor. Sir John was con trtd to bed, undressed, and all the restoratives they knew hows to use ap Si.Lt All in vain. With the dawning of ate Christmas Day, the stalwart old seloir lay before them, breathing ster toe:usly, and quite senseless. Sgers Graves and his assistant, a .Tgon rwan. Mir Otis, arrived, and at oce rpron?taced the fit apoplexy. They sent Ith rale girl in the festal dress, the ehircgrearls, and the wild, wide eyes. out of :he room, and did their best for the omaoer of that grand old house. ut ther labored in vain; the long hours wore away, and still Sir John lay rigid E?: se.seless where they at first laid White as a spirit, almost as cold, al aest _s still, Katherine went up to her tM She made no attempt to change htr dress, to remove her jew;els. She had !oud this most indulgent father very dearly-the possibility- that he could be taen from her had never occurred to 'er. Only yesterday morning he had iaden with her over the downs, only :: night he had sat at the head of his tble and entertained his guests. And ":=-he lay yonder, stark and lifeless ?el already, for what she knew. She could not rest She left her room. ad Pacrd up and down the long cor Ooer. lie was not dead--she could hear s- loud breathing where shewnalked. She uld not cry: tears, that relieve other otmen. o:her girls of her age, rarely Ote to Katherine. She felt cold and fetched. Hots drearily still the great '-?ne wua! Would those two doctors -?er open that door and let her in to Or father:! What had he been trying : tell her?--what dreadful secret was Sthat involved hier life, and wn-hich -ade his so miserable? He had talked SGanton deserting her. Thile wedding .'st be pOstponed nown, and postponed "dings were always ominous. How as it all going to end? She shivered in her low-necked and \- "o-sleeved dress, but it never occur I- to her 'to for a wrap. She stood a-d itemked out of the oriel window once ?ag, Morning w-as breaking-Christ DO morning-red and golden, and cr~ous in the east The first pink rays .th sunrise glinted through the leaf 0s trees. Over terrace and glade, lawn ad Wwoodland. Outside the gates the toasl singers were blithely chanting a 'ta : nen' life-new joy everysn'here 0:~tout; and -ithin, the lord of rthis Soeyr annl0on, of this majestic park, B?t is was not death. The door open rprOeisntlr and the pale, keen face of Stis??, thei assistant looked out, sair John has recovered conscious ted f Dano rfield," he said, "and Is lhank Heavon!" Katherine's heart sndeld. but thoe dreary oppression f not lift She went into the sick t. atels down beside the bed In her elrOo d, and softly kissed the YTou ar better. papa?" czut Dor:or Graves interruitedat Ton may remain wish Sir John, Meiss Urfield: but neither of you f ibust trhea ord. Danger is over for the I"ts huo I wara you the slightest oW or at any future time of the stricken man werefix 81 th a strange, earnest Zlnrt He tried feebly to speak nh "rs closed almost convulsively r0,r- She bent her ear to catch his -s, for Hammersly-I must make Ho. d himn soothingly. - .. Ma. darling; but not now. r's no hurry, you know-all present t50 s OVer. You are to be very still, S" -o 'sleep. I will stay by you and T ill drink this. Sir -John," Dr. rsaid, authoritatively, and the hii ha swallowed the opiate, and, ~-.h?ll ha stepill clasped in Kathe ra5. s departed. Mr Otis remain Yr.i'?th e kept her vigil by the bed i' e .e in the sunlight of the new Sis Otis watched her furtively Sha r?note sat Hers was a strik a:n, fe thought, a pow'erful face Th f rl fchara'acter. rl th ill be no common woman," th ?tfor good or for evil, she's 225_. destined to wield a powerful: nfluence.. I You don't see:such: a' face as ithat many The weary momerits wore= on. The Christmas morning grew brighter and brighter. The house was still.veiy quiet. Outside the wintry siinshine sparkled, and the trees rattled in the friosty wind. The pale watcher lay back in her chair. paler' with every passing moment, but never offering to stir. How white she was, how, weary she looked. The young doctor's heart went out to her In a great compassion. "Miss Dangerfield, 1.ardon me, b'ut you are worn out. There is no danger now, and you may safely trust Sir John to my care.Pray let me prevail upon you to go and lie down." She opened her eyes, and looked at him in some surprise, and with a faint smile. "You are very kind," she said, gently, "but I promised to stay here till he awoke." There was nothing more. to. be said Miss Dangerfield's tone admitted of no dispute. Mr Otis went'bhck to his seat, and listened to the ticking of the clock. and :the' sighing' of' the -December wind. . It was almost noon! when Sir Johti awoke- much better 'and quite con scious. His daughter had never stirred. She bent over him the instant his eyes opened. "Papa, dear, you are.better?" "You are here still, Kathie?" he said feebly. "Have you never been to bed at all?" "o., Sir John," Mr Otis interrupted. coming forward; "'and I must beg of you to use your influence to send her there. Her long vigil has quite worn her out, but she would not leave you." ,She stooped and kissed him.. "I will go, now, papa. Mr Otis and Mrs"?Iarrison will stay with you. I do' feel a little tired, I admit." Sir John's attack seemed but slight, after all. He kept his bed all next day. but on the third was able to sit up. "And I don't see any necessity for postponing our wedding, Katherine," Mr Gaston Dantree said. "since by New Year's Eve Sir John will be almostcom pletely restored." "But he will not be able to drive to the church with me, Gaston," Katherine argued. "Dr Graves will riot permit him to leave the house for a fortnight, and, besides, the excitement." "Katherine,;' her loser interrupted. decidedly, "I will not have our marriage postponed-the most unlucky thing con ceivable. If Sir John is not able to go to church at Castleford and give you away, why, let us obtain a special license, and have the ceremony here in the house. If the mountain can't come to Mahomet, why, Mahomet can go to the mountain. A wedding in the house would be a vast deal pleasanter to my mind than in pub lie at Castleford, with all the people of t the parish agape at the bride and I groom, and all Castleford barracks r clanking their spurred heels and steel r scabbards up the aisles, putting us out of countenance." IKatherine laughed. "My dear, bashful Gaston, the first time I ever dreamed that anything earthly could put you out of counten ance! ~'ell, I'll ask papa, and it shall he as he says." tMiss Dangerfield did ask papa; and. rather to her surprise, received van al most eager assent. "Yes. yes," he said, feverishly. "Dan tree's right-- a postponed marriage is tile most unlucky thing on earth. We won't postpone it Let a special license be obtained from the archbishop, and let it be In the house, as Dantrece sug gests. since my driving with you to church is an impossibility. Since it must be done, 'twere well it were done quick ly. Let the summer drawing-room be fitted up, and let the ceremony be per formed there." MIr Peter Dangerfield had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since his un r cle's illness-no nephew more devoted, more anxious than he. The baronet lis tened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cyni cal smile. "If I were dead there would be no one between him and the title--you under stand. I have no doubt Peter is anxi ous that--I should never recover." "Something's happened to Pete, papa," answered Katherine thoughtfully. "He's got quite a new way of talking and car t rying hinimelf of late. He looks as if some greaj- good fortune had befallen him. Not, what do you suppose it can be?" "Great good fortune," Sir John re peated,.with rather startled face. "I think-you must be mistaken, K:athedr Inne.: I wonder," very slowly this, "if--if he-- has been.in communication with Mrs Vavasor since her departure." . For Mrs Vavasor's presence in Castle-. ford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never ventured abroad by day, and had as sumed an alias. She and Mr Danger field kept tryst in the evenings, in lone ly lanes and deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. But three days now to the wedding day, and those three flew apace. It had been arranged that since, contrary to e all precedent, the marriage was to be performed at Scarstwood, it should also take place in the evening, to be followed, in the good old-fashioned way, by a sup t per and a ball, and the bridal party start next day for the Continent. The hour was fixed for seven, and half the county invited. Sir John's progress towards strength was very slow. Some secret anxiety Sseemed preying on his mind and keeping Shim back. He watched his idolised darl ing flying up and down stairs, dashing,. Sbright as the sunshine itself, in and-out of the room. singing,like a skylark'in her perfect:bliss, and he shi'ank from the sight as though it gave him positive Spain. S"How can I tell her," he thought; \- "how can I ever tell her! And yet .I Sought-I ought." • Once or twice he feebly made the at Stempt, but Katherine put him down im · media'tely in her decidedway. ? "Not a word now, papa--I won't have \- it. I don't want to hear any nasty, an Snoying secrets two days before my wed Sding, and have nimy peace of mind ds turbed in this way. If I'vre got to hear this disagreeable-thing, let me wait un Stll the honeymoon is over--Gaston will f help me bear it then. You tried to tell me on Christmas Eve. and brought on a Sfit of apoplexy; and now, contrary to s all medical commands, you -anL to be gin over again ,and bring 'on another. SBut.I'm mistress of the situation at pre sent, and I won't listen; so set your mind ,at rest, and don't wear that gloomy countenance on the eve of your only . daughter's marriage." ' He was too feeble to resist. He held her to him a moment, and looked into the t happy young face with a weary sigh. 'I suppose few-fathers look very joy sous on the eve ofe an only daughter's t niarrisge, -and I' have greater ireasonz Sthan you dreamuof to look gloomy -' But t let it lie as y-ou'siay-i; uis postpone the I evil hour as lonig as-e csia." SThe last .dacame-t-the.: day befoire New Year'.Eve. The bride-elect had lbeen buster .even. than usual all day. Dantree dined and spent the evening there alone. They were both very grave, very quiet: that long, peiceful evening. the last of her youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture, as she saw it then. haunted her to her dying hour - the big. lamp-lit tdrawingroom-her father's quiet figure lying back in his easy chair before the fire-her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she hierself nestl ing In an easy-chair, listening to the music and his whispered words-the "sweet nothings" of courtship. She fol lowed him out into thie grand portico en trance of the house to say good-bye for the last time. The cold. white moon sailed up the azure, the stars were num berless, tlhe trees cast long, black sha dows in the ivory light. The night air sighed faintly in the woodland: soine thing in the still, solemn beauty of the dying night filled the girl's heart with a sense almost of pain. "The sun will shine to-morrow," Gas ton Whispered; "'andI'blessedi? tihebride that the sun shines; o.'? Good night; iiy: darling, for the:last. time.'', igeueldher in his arms a moment- for the last timer The last' time'. And no foreboding of all that was so near at hand came to her as she stood there. .The promise of the night did not hold good.. Mr Dantree's prediction as to th sunshine was not destined to be fulfilled. The last day of the year dawned.cloudy, cold, and overcast.' A long lamentable -blast'soughed up from the sea, 'the low lying sky frowned darkly over the black; frost-bound earth. "We're going to have a stoirt," Sir John remarked; "our. guests must reach us through'a tempest this afternoon." The storm broke at noon--rain,,sleet, and' roaring wind.. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She, usually the least nerv ous and superstitious, or all human bel ilgs, felt little cold chills creeping over her, as she hearkened t:o -its int'y howls. "It sounds like he. cry of a.)anshee,,'. she said, with a shudder, to Edith -Talt hot. -'Such a wild, black, sleetp, wret ched winter day!_:.And last night there was not a cloud 'in the sky! 'Edith; do you believe in omens?". "I believe this is a disagreeable day, as it is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose Mr Dantiee is sugar or salt to melt in the rain. or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't: be so restless and fidgety, Kathie or you'll make me as nervous as yourself." The short, dark, winter. afternooii:drag-' ged on. With .the' cbmiin 'th isti~i t' the storni seemed to increase. The roar of the winds deepened, the dull-thunder of the surf on -the shore reached them, the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass; "An awful day for a ,wedding," even the servants whispered.' '":o wonder poor Miss Katherine looks like a ghost." She was pale beyond all the ordinary pallor of bridehood-strangely restless, strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted up; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been midsummer; warmth and luxury everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dyitig year. Under the hands of her maid, Katherine sat pas sive to all changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, every dash of frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning words of her old nurse: "False as fair! False as fair." Six o'clock. The rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Half-past six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests: the roll of carriages could be heard through the tumult of the storm. "I wonder if Gaston has arrived?" Katherine said. It was the first, time she, had spoken for half an hour. Her attendant brides maids. five. besides Miss Talboit, were all there. The dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls,-floating tiulle aid'laees; and fragrant 'with flowers'. Miss' Talbot and the French maid were alone witht the bride. The last touchl had. een given to the toilet. The robe of dead white silk swept in its richness far be hind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. The last jewel was placed, the last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged. She stood before the mirror, fair, pale, pensive-a bride ready for the altar. Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, tel ling the quarters and the hour, startled them. How the moments flew--how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages was almost Incessant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: "I wonder if Gaston has come?" "What a question!" cries Miss Talbot. "A bridegroom late, and -that bride groom Mr Dantree, of all men. Of course, he has come, and is waiting in a fever of impatience down stairs! Ninon, run and see." The French girl went, and came flying back breathlessly. "Mademoiselle,howy strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. -Monseigneur the abbe is ready, and waiting-all the guests are assemtle'd; but, monbi.Diei the bridegroom is late. - Miss-Talbot looked at: her, friend.. Neither- spoke nor moved.. The flock of bridesmaids, "a rose-bud garden .of girls."'came floating.in with their mnisty drapery, their soft voices, and subdued laughter. It was seven o'clock, and the wedding hour. There was a tap at the door. Ninon opened it, and old Sir John,. white*as ashes, and trembling on'his stick, en tered and approached his daughter. "Katherine, Dantree has not come." "I know it. father. Something has happened." Her voice was quite steady, but a grey, ashen terror blanched her face. "Had you not better send to More cambe?" Edith Talbot Interposed. "He was quite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived?" "Your brother is here. Miss Talbot" "And what does he say?" "Nothing to the point. Before dark Dantree left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother when starting for heire sent him word, and found his room deserted. 'Taking it for granted he wished to be alone, and had left for Scarswood before him, your brother came over at once. He was 'astonished 'when he arrived at not finding him here." - And then dead silence fell. What did it mean? Below the guests had gathered in groups, irhispering ominously; In the "bridal chamber" bride and bridesniaids looked at each other's vale faces and never spoke. One by one the moments told off. A quarter-past seven, and still no bridegroom! Then all at once wheels dashed up to the door-in the entrance hall there was the sudden bustle of an arrival. Kather ine's heart gave one great bound; and Edith Talbot. unable to endure the sus pense, unable to look at' her friend's tortured face. turned and ran out-of tlhe room. · . . ".' : "'Wait." she said: j'I wi be backin a moment" She flew down the stairs. Some one had arrived-a gentleman-but-not Gas ton 'Dantree. The -newcomer, pale, breathless, eager, was only Peter Dan gerfleld. \- But he might bring newns-he looked as though he did. She was by his side Inia momenltand her-hand on.his'arm: .-,*What is it?" she said. "'Has asything hianoened to Mr Daritrei?"' -:"Ys?s,;Dang'erfeld" excl?imed Captain Devire" 'homihig fo-ti;ard:-. "As second best man'I have a ridht to kliow. Shor ,tein th& agony, lf pabssdiblemaimd out with it. What's up? The hour is past, and the bride is waiting. Where is the bridegroom?" CHAPTER XII.--THE TELLING OF THE SECRET. . Where was the bridegroom? Gaston Dantree bade good- bye to Katherine Dangerfield, and rode down that noble avenue of elms leading to the ponderous gates. His horse's footsteps rang clear and sharp through the still, frosty ailr, the silvery mist of moonlight bathed all things in its pale, mystic glow. He paused an instant to look back ere he rode away. What a fair domain it was-what a stately sweep of park. and glade, and woodland- fairer than ever in the pearly lighi of the December moon. How noble the old house looked, with its turrets, its peaked gables, its mas sive stark of chimneys. And to-mor row all this would be his-his--he an outcast of the Nes York streets. He laighied softly, exultantly,:to him. self, as- lie ': turned:.and. rode-'swiftly away. ; ."It's better to beborn lucky than rich; it's better to be borni handsome than lucky. :-A clear complexion aiid a set of regular features, -a tenor voice, and In sinuating manners, have done more for me than they do for most men. They. have made my fortune. Half the men and women in the world are fools at best, and don't know how to use the gifts with which nature endows.: them. I was born in the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted- out of charity, turned out for my -shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or go to State prison. or-become the literary hack of a sport ing paper, ill- paid and ill-used. And now-to-iporrow is my wedding-day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston- Dantree, I con gratulate you again, and still again. You're one of the very cleverest fellows Ievet knew: il the -whole course of my. life." And thlie,, as.: -Mr: Dantree rode' over "the nioonlit high' :road, "he astonished belated wayfarers by up lifting his .voice'`in 'melody, so sweet and clear that even the sleeping nightingales, ..had there been any. i December, might "have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and'a'fortune, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond to morrow's sunrise. There was only one thorn in all his bed of roses- Marie. "If she should come, after- all.!. and Satan himself,'I believe, can niever c ill what a woman" may do. You mk Sas certalin $.th 0u,111, shcýWlt J Bne=iidfýaridt"en4odneshe the direct opposite. -For Marie, de Lan sac to pursue any man, though-he saty on the throne of the Capsars, is the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that very reason she - may turn up now. 'If she should appear to-morrow, and for bid the marriage! Such things happen sometimes. Or, if she should turn up a year hence, and proclaim my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a de vilish ugly word!" The shadow of the avenger. pursued Mr Dantree into dreamland. His vi= sions this ante-nuptial night were all dark and ominous. He fell asleep, to see the face of the woman he. feared, dark and menacing; he awoke, and fell asleep again, to see it pallid and de spairing, wild with woman's utmost woe-e. \- He.started out of bed at'last, at some abnormal hour in the dismal dawn, with a curse upon his lips. Sleeping or waking, the face of Marie de Lansac haunted him like an avenging ghost.. (To be continued.) 