WESLEYAN CHURCH. , VICTORIA AND TASMANIA ANNUAL CONFERENCE. Last week was mostly occupied with " Pastoral Conference" sittings in camera. On Monday evening 8th Inst., at Wesley Church, the annual session of the united clerical and lay representatives was commenced. The chair was occupied by the President, the Rev. W. Williams, and there was a large attendance. The PRESIDENT delivered an address, in which, whilst reviewing, he also forecasted to some extent what should, and probably would, he done in the future. He pointed to the fact that since John Wesley founded the Church in 1788 the ruling principle of the Church had been that there must be first a conversion of the soul, and then entrance into Church membership. The dominant note of Methodist preaching was that of Evangelism, and in order to have true Methodist preaching there must be deep conviction, on the part of the preacher of the saving mercy of God, and he must have had some personal experience of the awful state of the soul which felt the need of the pardoning mercy. He hoped that in the young sons of the Church now entering into the ministry this note of evangelism would stand out as prominently as heretofore. In times past Methodist preaching had been remarkable for its own peculiar characteristics ; but it did not stand alone nowadays, and they should rejoice that it did not, because the same tone which had been its ruling feature had now spread into other Protestant churches. This was gratifying, because there could not be too many agencies for bringing the people under the saving influence of Christianity. One thing the Methodist Church hold important was the value of Christian fellowship, which was one of the main and leading principles in her earlier history as well us now. Unfortunately, however, ready us church members were to recognise it, the principle did not in present days receive the consideration due to so important a matter, The preacher and the Sunday-school teacher, he went on to say, had for strengthening influence and support many extraneous aids, but the clues worker was not equally fortunate. The class worker was met with a difficulty in not knowing what phase of human nature he might have to contend with. In him was necessary those qualities which enabled one readily to meet with equanimity and resource an unforeseen emergency. Those who were natural leaders in this kind of work should be encouraged to come to the Misses, not as mere members, but as leaders. This would lead he thought, to more Christian fellowship. He was not afraid of any modifications in the church that might come from a fuller understanding or closer union of the church with influences of the Holy Ghost, but there would be came for fear were any attempts made to mould the church so as to conform to political institutions. On the subject of Methodist Union he held his own opinions, and had shown no reluctance in expressing them ; but as Chairman of the Conference he recognised that different opinions were held by different members, and therefore he refrained from saying anything about it at that juncture, either for or against, feeling that members should have a perfectly fair field and no favour in a matter of the sort, (Applause) ORDER OF BUSINESS It was decided that on Tuesday morning's sitting the completion of the stations should be taken, and in the afternoon nominations for members of the general conference, the vote for same to be taken between 11 and 3 on Wednesday. Queen's College report is to be taken immediately after the general Conference vote. The subject of Methodist union was fixed to come on for discussion on Wednesday. - PRESENTATION TO THE EX PRESIDENT. The Chairman, in conformity with the usual custom, presented a copy of the Bible and Wesley's Hymns to the ex-President, the Rev. E. S. Bickford, at the same time expressing the esteem in which the ex-President was held. 'The Conference expressed its full sympathy therewith by warm applause. The ex-President briefly returned thanks, and the business being concluded, the members of the Conference partook of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. A REKINBD BEVERAGE,-CAununv's COCOA provides a refined daily beverage for the robust, the young, the old and particularly those of weak and impaired digestion. FLOIULINB.-FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH. A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the tooth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes an unpleasant odour arising; from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline,' being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the taste, and the neatest toilet discovery of the age. Price, 2s. 6d., of all, chemists and perfumers. Wholesale Depot, M 