Sporting. Tothkrsidkr wants good sporting correspondents in every town. teams met on the Rec r e a t i o n Res e r v e last Sunday. T h e day was not suitable. tor football, as a high wind blew across the ground, the ball thus being out of bounds most of the time. The 'Derry had the benefit of the wind for the first quarter, but did not make much use of this advantage, as they only secured one goal In the second quarter they played a much better game, and Coolgardie had "reat luck i" securing three goals, two ot them dribbling through. At half-time the score stood...Coolgardie, 3goals 3 behinds . 'Derry, i goa 1 - the third quarter the Londonderry asserted themselves scoring 2 goals 2 behmds to then" opponents nil. The' final garter started with only one point difference in the scores, but Coolgardie quickly kicked five more> goals and the match - Coolgardie, S goals 7 behmds (55 po\"ts) : Londonderry, 3 goals \ behmds 20 points). The match was ver> well contested fo r thefirst three-quarters and if the visito^ had backed one anothe ,, ri h,, tfT, r thpv might have started the final I S a ^ t h I s ^ t i a l lead The best playersfor the wiim^ were O ney I aikm Tyson, Hyman. Sm'th and Charnley and for the losers Walsh, Cnchton, Jones, Henwood, Morrison and G orman - The Ro\\-ers journeyed to Bonnievale last Sunday to play the local team, and after a good game succeeded in winning by 10 goals 10 behinds (70 points) to 6 goals 7 behmds (43 points). The goal-kickers were -tor the Rovers. Rowel 1 (5). Francis (2), Cody, Farrell and Richardson, and for Bonnievale Benson (2). Brown (2). Walker and Fulward. The matches in Adelaide resulted as follows : Norwood, 3 goals 11 behinds (29 points), beat Port Adelaide 4 goals 2 behinds (26 points.) South Adelaide, 8 goals to behinds (58 points), beat North Adelaide, 3 goals 5 behinds (23 points). The Rugby matches in Sydney resulted as follows:— Randwic.k defeated Wallaroo, 5 points to nil. University defeated Pirates, 8 points to 6. Wentworth defeated Paddmgton, 21 points to nil. The football season started in Perth last Saturday, and the results of the matches were : - Imperials, r, goals 3 behinds (39 points), heat Rovers, 2 goals 5 behinds (17 points). West Perth, 5 goals IT behinds (41 points), beat Fremantle. 1 goal 1 behind (7 points). The Bulong footballers defeated Kanowna last Sunday on the Kanowna Recreation Ground by "3 goals to 2 goals. The following is the list of matches arranged for the ensuing season of the Hannan's District Football Association (matches to be played on the ground of the first-named club) : ~ May 23. -Hannans y Feather. Britannia v Rovers, Bulong v Victoria, Boulder, Boulder Rovers a bye. Bulon", Victoria 'May 30. - -Feather Hannans, Britannia bye. *|une 6. -Combined Coolgardie v Combined Kaigoorlie, at Coolgardie Recreation Reserve. . june 13.- -Hannans v Victoria. Boulder v "Rovers, Britannia v Feather, Bulong a ^Tune 20. -Hannans v Bulong, Victoria v Boulder, Feather v Rovers, Britannia a k y *)une 22. — Kaigoorlie Combined Team v Perth on Kaigoorlie Recreation Reserve. June 27.—Hannans v Britannia, Victoria v "Feather, Bulong v Boulder, Rovers a bye, Bulong, Boulder v July 4,-Rovers v Britannia, Feather a H an nans, Victoria v bye. >• Feather, Rovers v July IT. - Bulong \ Boulder, Hannans a Victoria, Britannia v bye. ' '"July 18.—Kaigoorlie Combined Team v Coolgardie (second test match), on the Kaigoorlie Recreation Reserve. July 25.—Feathers v Hannans, Rovers v Britannia, Victoria v Bulong, Boulder a bye August 1.—Boulder v Feather, Hannans v Rovers, Bulong v Britannia, Victoria a bye. .August 8.—Victoria v Hannans, Rovers v Boulder, Feather v Britannia, Bulong a bye. August 15.—Bulong v Hannans, Boulder bve. v Victoria," Rovers v Feather, Britannia . a "August 22.--Hannans v Britannia, Feather v Victoria, Bulong v Boulder, Rovers a bye. * August 29. Kaigoorlie Combined v Coolgardie (third test match). September 4.—Bulong v Rovers. I-Jan- ,-s* v Boulder, Britannia v Victoria, Feather a bve. September 11. PeaLher v Bulong, Victoria v Rovers, Boulder v Britannia, Hannans a bye. * Not included in the Association matches. POSITION OF FOf>T!t\;.;. i;Ror\n. Hannans Kaigoorlie Recreation Re serve. Feather Kanowna Recreation Reserv e. Britannia Crr*sus Proprietary O.M., near the Hainault. Rovers Kaigoorlie Recreation Reserve. Bulong Bulong Recreation Reserve. Victoria -Lake'View South. Boulder Lake View South. The Wucl <ers' Association, collecting subscriptions towards their sports meeting on Queen's Birthday, were very much annoyed at being proffered sums of 5s. a nd 2S. fxl. as donations. Tliev felt insulted. A sign of the times, anyhow. Clem Hill came out on top in the list of batting averages of the Australian Eleven that recently visited W.A., with an average of 412 for six innings, Darling being second with 347 for eight innings. Jones won the bowling with an average of 4-21, M'Kibbin being second with 7 57. The football matches in Melb. resulted as follows: - LEAGUE MATCHES'. Collingwood, 8 goals 2 behinds (50 points), beat Kssetidon, 4 goals r> behinds (30 points). Melbourne, 0 goals TO behinds (64 points), beat Geelong, 3 goals 1 behind (TO points). Fitzroy, 10 goals 6 behinds (66 points), beat St. Kilda, 3 goals 8 behinds (26 points). South Melbo urne, 6 goals 4 behinds (40 points), beat Carlton, 5 goals 6 behinds (36 points). ASSOCIATION MATCHES. Fort Melbourne, 4 goals 8 points), beat Williamstown behinds U5 points). behinds fj: oah Kootscrav. to goals 13 behinds (73 points), beat Richmond. 5 goals 10 behinds 40 points). Brunswick, 3 goals 5 behinds (2T points), beat North Melbourne. 1 goal 10 behinds ifi points). Kal. Rec. Reserve to be vested in trustnd tees. M c K en /. i e, Wa rd, Hawkins' names to be suggested to Guvment. who are to be further worried fo more cash to improve the. ground. Acme Cycle Co.. Melb., advertises its willingness to "employ young men to distribute advertising matter, in part payment of a high-grade cycle. Young ladies employed on the same terms." Not too bad. Kal. Football Ass. requested Kal. Council's 'permission for use of Recreation Ground for matches on Sundays, until Sept. n,and for authority to charge for admission. Proceeds are to be divided equally (between playing teams, the Ass., and the trustees. Council gave required permission. Beaconsfield Chambers Co. (Cool.), have provided a hitching post for bikes. Soon all the suites of offices, shops, pubs, &c;,., will have to put up rails for riders to tether their machines to. Cyclists in Melb. agitating L.V.W. to prevent riders openly making wagers with bookies on races in which they are riding. Riders in costume said to be frequently seen before races putting money on. Bencligo wheelers trying to arrange a " Cvclists' Pic-nic" for May 24. Good idea. The knickered voung men will watch the usual pic-nic billy that never boils , sit down on the same sort of ant-heap ; retreat just as precipitately a« ever into the bush : and sav, " Oh, it was nothing" just the same as ever. Rat the same amount of mingled food and sand and flies and think it as enjoyable as ever. But its a good idea all the same--especialh'if there are lots of squeezable girls. Lady Agnes, winner of a hack race at the Wairarapa autumn race meeting, paid a dividend of £1440. Sandow, the " strong man," has a challenge out to any cyclist in the world to race for ^1000, the distance to be not less than ten miles. Fred Schimeer won the six days' race at Tattersall, Chicago. He covered a distance of 1788 miles in 142 hours. The first prize was £200. The income of the Vic. Cycling League for the past six months was £3700. It is said that 160,000 people in France ride bicycles, and five in every hundred are women. In England the number of cyclists is set down at 1,500,000. Walne, the Queensland crack cyclist, has wen a race at every meeting he has started in during the past season. The secretary of the A.W.A has been informed that return tickets will be issued on the railway on 22nd, 23rd, and 24th May at ordinary single fare and a quarter. Platts-Betts, an American cyclist, has beaten all the world's records from two to five miles, at the Crystal Palace. The Warrnambool (Vic.) Steeplechase meeting resulted in a profit of £300. A N.S.W. horse, The Driller, won the Spring Cup at Bangalore lately. Benalla and Warrnambool Race Clubs have passed a resolution in favor of legalising the totalisator in Vic. The value of the Viceroy's Cup. run at Calcutta has been raised to 15,000 rupees. The Newmarket Handicap winner, Carlton, has been sold to Mr. Trahan who is supposed to be noting for the- Indian sportsman Sirdar lewan Singh. Next to Aurum, Fleet Admiral stands out as the best two-year-old in Australia. The Easter meeting at Charters Towers resulted in a loss of ^'150. and was the most unsuccessful held in N.O. for some years past. Ranjitsinhji has started the cricketirigsea son in rare style. He got off the mark, playing for Sussex against Maryiebone, with a score of 200. Ramgate jimmy, as the cockneys call him, is certainly no slouch at cricket, and he has brought the "marrowbones" to their marrowbones in short order. Bill Murdoch, once Horsetrajia's champion bat. started the season in England by compiling a useful 51 for Sussex against Marvlebone. Spofforth, the demon bowler of early Australian elevens, is about to return to the home of his youth. "Nosey," as he was familiarly called by the genial barrackers in the days of his glory, is even yet a pretty decent trundler, but he hasn't done much in the line since he settled down in England. Newhaven has gone to the old country. He ought to be given a prominent position amongst distinguished Australians at the Baubilee festivities. He has done more to advertise Australia than most of those who will sit in the front rows. Peter Jackson and Fi'ank Slavin are to have a pummelling match in July. Straightfire reckoned a first rate thing in the Birthday Cup at Adelaide. The Coolgardie Racing Club has decided to apply for August 19 and 21 for the Coolgardie Cup meeting. If these dates are not available the W.A.T.C will be asked for August 28 and 29. Cool. Racing Club going to distribute £1700 in prizes at August Meeting. In " Tas. Governor-in- Council decrees that £ 10,000 must be deposited with Guvment before lottery or sweep is allowed to be run. Said TO,000 quid to be held as security for bona fides and to be forfeited in case of any irregularity reported by Guvment inspector. Melb. cyclists buck vigorously at some of the proposed traffic, regulations drawn up by City Council. Rules provide for wheelmen carrying signboards, lamps, brakes, bells, numbered and addressed labels, and a few other small trifles we have overlooked. In fact a small carriage might be hitched behind to hold the impedimenta prescribed by the M.C.C. sages. Apparent inconsistency of Newhaven's 1 performances said to be due to the fact • that he does not perform well on soft or wet ; ground. If a wet day can rob him of victory j he is likely to be" robbed of not a few ; victories while performing under the tearful | skies of Albion. j Big Sydney drapers have living female ' models astride bicycles in their showrooms to display their cycle tailoring. The salesgirl's trick is to bewitch prospective woman- ; buyers by the smart appearance of the ; model, then sell her a bicycle, a rig- om (either bloomer or other), and next to teach ; the purchaser to ride. Said that theseup-todate houses frequently buy back at ridiculous prices damaged machines, but draw the line at taking back busted garments. Boston l-.S.A. telegraph messenger boys taken out to be instructed to ride bikes. Instructor put the, nippers on, and they wobbled away with a very wobbly wobble. The teacher "then started after the boys, whom, after four hour's search, he found at a football match. The kids were only " kidding" him. George Robson. who won Melb. Cup in C-lenloth's Year, has returned to Vic. W.A. loses a good man in George. To-morrow Hannans will be represented against White Feather by the followihg crowd of sphere-compellers : -Bond, Rowe, Gull en (2). Bennett, Graeme, Doney, Ince, Lord, Newington, Hack, M. Fox, Jacobs, Lee, Ross, Ricld, Atherton. Shannon, Parkes, A. Beers, Green, Gibson, T. Reynolds. Steve Lean, central umpire. Bikists in Melbourne have now to carry a poster on their backs legibly inscribed with their names and addresses. On second thought it is on the machine that the poster has to be carried, but that is a mere detail. Before long it will come to [pass that the cyclist will be required to leave his wheel at home when he goes out for a ride. Or, perhaps, he will have to make a special application for a permit to take his machine out for an airing, care being taken, of course, that he shall be accompanied by a. constable on foot, who shall have charge of a rope attached to one of the wheels. If a reward were offered for the scalps of cyclists riding at a pace exceeding two miles an hour much good would probably be done. Welshman. the winner of the S.A.J.C. Railway Handicap, returned a dividend of £50 is on the tote. Frank Smalpage is engineering an international tug-of-war. to be held in his Theatre Royal shortly. The tug-of-war had an immense boom a couple of years ago when everybody went tug-of-war mad, and the Melb. Exhibition was crammed to the doors regularly. Jn such a sport loving colony as W.A. the tugging fixtures will have an enthusiastic reception. A match between Kalg. Rovers and Hannans Clubs came off on the Recreation Reserve on Sunday. The game was an evenly contested one throughout, the former's goal kicking being excellent. Hannans' forwards had several shots, but their kicking was much off, and this was the reason of their defeat. The Rovers' score was 5 goals .4 behinds (34 points) obtained by Delaney, Meyers, Stanley, Paulin, and Cottrel, and Hannans 2 goals 10 hebinds (22 points), Bond and Bow being the successful goal-kickers. For the winners Sands, McLean and Hunter were the most prominent players, and for the losers Bond, Bow, Gullen, and Stack worked hard to avoid defeat. The Boulder played Britannia at the Boulder, the former winning by 6 goals to nil. Football will commence in real earnest in Kalg. to-morrow (Sunday) when commences the first round of association matches. On the local Recreation Reserve the Hannans play the Feather; the Rovers play Britannia at the Boulder, and the Vies, journey to Bulong. The Bicycle Sports at Kal. on Monday (Queen's Birthday), given fine weather will no doubt prove an immense success, as secretary Jeffrey and his committee are working like Trojans to ensure this result. The new cycling track on the Kal. Recreation Reserve is now completed, and on Monday some fast time should be recorded. The executive council of the Hannans" District Football Association have appointed the following to act as umpires in their matches for the ensuing season, viz. - Central umpires : A. Schwan, S. A. Fry, S. Lean, E. J. Clark, f. Considine, and W.' H. Milton. Goa! umpires : J. Henning, T. Doney, G. Farr, T. Hard, ]. Burland, G. R. Abrahamson and S. D Felstead. Cyclist J. Bond has just pedalled from Menzies to Perth. Takes no stock in railway facilities. Took him a week to do the journey. At Wairarapa (N.Z.) race meeting a winner landed her three supporters the nice little tote divvy of L144. If the children of Jonah had to pay out at this as starting price the machine will get itself disliked by them. Imagine a bookmaker giving a starting price of 144 to 1 against. A clerk. George Leake, and E.G. S. Hare ran a dead heat for second place at the election of six committeemen for the W.A.T.C. Mutual Stores C.C. made 187 against the P.O. last Wednesday. Not likely to be topped. Coolgardie F.C. got walked over by the Mutual Stores on Wednesday. Scores Mutuals. 3 goals 3 behinds (22 points) : Coolgardie, x goal 1 behind (7 points). .Black Flag races on Monday. Acceptances closed yesterday. Hurdle racer Boomah coming westward. E cedes, owner of Le Var, talking of retiring from the Westralian turf. Why was Stratford Strettle rubbed off the W.A.T.C. Committee ? Both in this colony and Vic. Strettle has always worked, hard for the sport of kings. It's one of these things no fellah can. understand. Kal. leads the way again. In certain streets the sidewalks are being increased in width to 30 feet, the additional to feet being devoted exclusively to use of bicyclist, as is done in America. This method not only caters to an important and daily increasing class, but relieves municipalities of part of the high cost of metalling excesssivelv wide streets. Galtee More has won the Newmarket Stakes. He seems to be a Newhaven. If betting is any guide, his opponents in the English Derby might as well retire and give him a walkover. Backers evidently think the race is all over, bar shouting. But the deadest of "defunct" birds don't always get home. Sammy Davis, one time a well-known jockey, has just been, weighed in after life's race. For many years Sammy had entirely given up racing, and had established himself as a boniface at Flemington in the well-known Palace Hotel. He was ambitious of municipal honors, and finally succeeded in getting a place in the local council. Broad Arrow footbfe.ll players had a I practice match on Sunday and" found new j rules a bit awkward at first. Umpire j Steinberg helped things along some. Robt. Frazer, while riding his bicycle in Adelaide, was run into by a butcher's cart, <.jje shaft of which struck him violently above the heart. The Vic. Chow carpenters, now on strike, are putting in the time riding about on bicvcles through the streets. When ^ machines were first used the little yellow men used to be greatly affrighted and called them 'debbil-Jebbil fellow." Melb. University students took three first and three seconds in the five principal events at the Sydney University Amateur Athletic Sports. G* A. Moir won the too yds. championship and the 440 yds. championship. P.. E.'Webster took the championship 1 Mile. H. McL. Dingan secured second places in the i-A yds. Hurdles and the High Jump Championship; and R. L. Wingrove ran second to Moir in the 440 yds. Championship. The Victorian Alma Mater covered itself with athletic glory. Strong man Lucifer has deposited £25 with the West Australian " as a preliminary to a wrestling match in three styles with Harry Pearce. H. 1'. wired acceptance, but the Lucifer party seems to think he isn't coming to the scratch.. Lucifer also wants to take 011 George Leopold. Will forfeit £20 if he can't throw him three times in half an hour in a catch- ascatch-can. At the Vic's. (Kal.) meeting on Saturday night the following officers were elected : - General committee, Wallace, Williams, Tate, Thomas, Power, Brown, and J ones; match committee, A. Wallace, W. Wallace, Thomas. Molan, Clarke. M'Donald, Tate, and Power. The Council were successful in getting a grant of /500 from Parliament for improvements on"the Kal. Recreation Reserve._ A galvanised iron fence will now soon enclose the area, and other much-needed improvements be effected. A large number of entries have been received for the various events to be contested at the Kal. Bicycle Sports, and it is confidently expected that nearly the whole of the entrants will compete, as the haiiciicappers have been very careful to try and satisfy all. The acceptances reached us too iate tor insertion in this issue. . E. T. Hoolev, P- S. Hare, George Leake, A. Clerk", L. Darlot. and M. A. C. Fraser elected members of the W.A. iurt Club. King O'Mallev, the South Australian legislator, and "Rhvs-Jones, the Jupiter Tonans of the Perth " Mining journal, are conducting A. P. Matheson's campaign for the Upper House. Specimens worth 400 oz. to the ton being | taken from the Queen Margaret South. ! But where is the ton \ It is said of the Bendigo-Coolgardie mine j that "more attention has evidently been j paid to the treatment of stone for outsiders than to the development and crushing of the 1 quartz in the mine." The natural inference is that it has been found more profitable to crush outside stone instead of mine stone. This mine is one of those luckless ones which are always having accidents happening along. We're doubtful about mines which are always having accidents and devote plants to crushing for other people. A rich strike reported to have been made in the yueen Margaret South. Reported that some splendid stone has been found in various places in the neighborhood of Esperance. We presume there is no reason why there shouldn't be gold in the vicinity, but we should have more faith in the rumor if it didn't assert that the stone had been found in various localities. How is it that reefs are suddenly found all over the place instead of in one place to begin with ? Some wonderfully rich developments are said to have taken place at the Lake View Consols during the week. It is said that the Golden Ridge lode, at a depth of 165ft., is 14ft. wide and worth 30Z. to the ton. Well, we can believe anything of Kal. mines almost. Dryblowers are said to be doing well at the toot of the Maritana Hill. Making good wages. The whole of the surface works of the Great Boulder now lit up with electricity. Some portions of the underground workings will probably be lit up shortly Rich gold said to be struck on the Boulder Gem (Kal.) Rich specimens obtained from what appears to be the cap of a large lode struck in costeen. A company is to be promoted to purchase the rights for the colony for the manufacture of wood gas, for illuminating purposes. This gas gives a light very similar to the incandescent electric light and is announced to be the cheapest illuminant known. A few jets are to be seen nightly in the Cool. Theatre Royal, and they appear to be a vast improvement upon "karrosene." Four musically sounding mines at the open calls;—Golden Bar, Golden Plum, Golden Run, Golden Zone. Modest Maryanski, the discoverer of our telluride wealth, has just returned to W.A. after a visit to fresh fields in other parts of the world. Doubtless he will have something interesting to tell of the things he has seen elsewhere. We presume the tellurklea still retains its hold on his mind. I ' 1 i j j j j | 1 | Colonial Premiers are to be pub iicly received by the Queen, waited upon by the Queen's servants during their stay, and escorted to visit Her Gracious by civil and military escorts. Imagine all this pomp and parade about men so homely and unpretending as George Turner or Richard Secldon, or " Our Jack." They will, doubtless, be immensely relieved when the time comes to throw off the strait-jacket of conventionality and get back to their native republican simplicity. What will become of Turner's old hat ? Will it be discarded for the glossy chimney pOt ? A remarkable occurrence has taken place at Bathurst and Orange in the shape of a sudden flow of water into dams and creeks, although no rain has fallen on the watershed at either place. We suppose the people who have been organising the recent praying bee will give themselves credit for this gushing forth of waters from the bosom of the earth, although they asked that it should descend from the heavens. Some scientific men hold the view that the recent earthquakes have opened subterranean sluices ; but that is just like them. They are never willing to believe that the innimitable laws of nature are subject to mutations, even when prayer is brought to bear upon them. Now, as ever, they refuse to believe that the impossible can occur. Of course, they never think of giving credit where credit is due. We don't see why the praying folk should not get all the credit they can out of this circumstance, but we must respectfully urge them to mention next time they pray for rain that earthquakes need not apply, as we have no use for them. They have overdone the thing this time, and we hope the mistake will not be repeated. It might be as well, also, to state distinctly whether they want rain or subterranean water. There has evidently been a mistake made this time in the petition to the Powers that be. It is reported that ex-Mayor Edwards (Esperance) is greatly aggrieved because he has not been made a Jaypee. Some people have extraordinary fads. Why should Edwards want his character blasted by being mado a justice perverter ? A Cool, cabman resents having been called '"a duke in disguise" by a local paper. He angrily denies the allegation, and in proof of his denial states there are as respectable cabmen on the Cool, stand as are to be found in the colony, and, also, that lie has never been '-before the court," in this colony or iu any other in Australia, and has always borne a good reputation hitherto, though he has been on "three different stands, viz., New Zealand. Victoria, and Queensland." All of which seems rough on dukes. People, who go round loaded up with revolvers, whisky, and the worst kind of imbecility, at the witching hour of night when none but respectable ghosts should be abroad, are hereby requested to take note of the fact that they are not the only proprietors of artillery in town. Some of these days somebody who hadn't the slightest idea it was loaded will point a tame Gatling, loaded to the chin with all kinds of materialised destruction, at the tenement in which these persons reside, and then devastation will ensue. No person or persons have any right to make themselves nuisance tc their neighbors bv discharging firearms in thicklv inhabited localities. In a certain portion of East Toorak the other night a considerable number of shots were fired, and the slumbers of the populace were thereby disturbed. People who are so ready with revolvers alway belong to the didn't-know-itwas-loaded species, and nearly always wind up by shooting themselves or somebody else. The sooner they accomplish self-destruction the better it will be for the public. 