THE RED ROOM. — + (From 'Thirty Strange Stories' by H. 0. Wells.) ' I can assure you,1 said 1, 'that it will tako a very tangible ghost to frighten me.' And I stood up before the fire with my glass in my hand. ' It is your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm, and glanced at me nskance. 1 Eight-and-twenty years,' said I, ' I have lived, and never a ghost have T seen as yet.' The old woman «at staring hard into the fire, her pale eyes wide open. ' Aye,' she broke in ; 'and eight-and-twenty years you have lived and never seen the likes of this house, I reckon. There's a many things to see, when one's still Imt eight-find-twenty.' Shp swayed her head slowly from side to side. 'A many things to see and sorrow for.' I half suspected the old people were trying to enhance the spiritual terrors of thoir house by their droning insistence. I put down my empty glass on the table and looked about the room, and caught a glimpse of myself, abbreviated and broadened to an impossible sturdiness, in the queer old mirror at the end of the room. ' Well,' I said, ' if T see anything to-night, T shall be so much the wiser.' ' It's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm once more. I heard the sound of a stick and a shambling step on the fln«s in the pas sage outside, and the door creaked on its hinges as a second old man entered. He supported himself by a single crutch, his eyes were covered by a shade, and his lower lip, half-averted, hung pale and pink from his decaying yellow teeth. He made straight for an arm-chair on the opposite side of the table, sat down clumsily, and began to cough. The raau with the withered arm gave this new comer a short glance of positive dislike ; the old woman took no notice of his arrival, but remained with her eyes fixed steadily on the fire. 'I said — it's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm, when the coughing had ceased for awhile. ' It's my own choosing,' I answered. The man with the shade became aware of my presence for the first time, and threw his head back for a moment and sideways to see me. I caught a mo mentary glimpse of his eye«,. small and bright and inflamed. Then he began to cough and splutter again' ' Why don't you drink?' said the man with the withered arm, pushing the beer toward him. The man with the shade poured out a glassful with a shaky arm that splashed half as much again on the deal table. I had scarce expected these grotesque custodians. There is to my mind something inhuman in senility, something crouching and atavistic ; the human qualities seem to drop from old people insensibly day by day. The three of them made me feel uncom fortable. ? If,' said I, ' you will show me to this haunted room of yours, I will make myself comfortable there.' The old man with the cough jerked his head back so suddenly that it startled me, and shot another glance of his red eyes at me from under the shade. 1 There's a candle on the slab outside the door,' said the man with the withered arm, looking at my feet as he addressed me. 'But if you go to the red room to-night ' (' This night of all nights 1' said the old woman.) 'You go alone.' ' Very well,' I answered ; ' and which way do I go V 1 You go along the passage for a bit,' said he, ' nntil you come to a door, and through that ia a spiral staircase, and half-way up that is a landing and another door covered with baize. Go through that and down the long corridor to the end, and the red room is on your left up the steps.' 1 Have I got that right V I said, and moved toward the door. As I did so, the old man with the shade rose and staggered round the table, so as to be closer to the others and to the fire. At the door I turned and looked at them, and saw they were all close together, dark against the firelight, staring at me over their shoulders, with an intent ex pression on their ancient faces. 1 Good-night,' I said, setting the door open. ' It's your own choosing,' said the man ?pth the withered arm. , \ I left the door wide open until the andlo was well alight, and than I shut .hem in and walked down the chilly, echoing pti.sia.ge. I must confess that the oddnesi of those three old pensioners in whose charge her ladyship had left the castle, a,.d the deep- toned, old-fashioned furni tu)-o of the housekeeper's room in which L.hel7 foregathered, affected me in spite oi 1Oy oflbrts to keep myself at a matterof hot' pl-aas- They seemed to belong to innt her age, an older Age, an nee when things spiritual were different from this d ou\rsi 'ess certain ; an age when omens nicl witches were credible, and ghosta biyon.d denying. Their very existence wu sj.vctr.al, the cut of their clothing, fathioB4 born in dead brains. But, with an '-effort, I sont such thoughts to the riglit-about. Tho long, draughty subter ranaan passage waB chilly and dusty, and my canfllo flared and made the shadows cower p\d quiver. The echoes rang uf aud down the spiral staircase, and c shadow c?11'* sweeping up after me, anc ono fled before ms into the darknesi orerhoad.. I camo to ths landing anc stopped tlei'o for a moment, listening tc a rustling 'Imt I fancied I heard ; then satisfied of tho absolute silence, I pushec open the br.ize-coverod door and stood ir tho corridor.. Tho effect' WM scarcely what I ex pected, for t?« moonlight, coming in bi the groat wit.'-low on the grand stairoasu picked out ej'arything in vivid blacl shadow or sihery illumination. Every thing wns^u it3 P'»™ J the house inigh have bei- '* defl'ted on thu yosterda; I instead of eighteen n;onths ago. There wore candles in the sockets of the sconces, and whatever dust had gathered on the carpets or upon the polished floor ing wns distributed so evenly as to be invisible in the moonlight. I was about to advance, and stopped abruptly. A bronze group stood upon the landing, hidden from me by the corner of the wall, but its shadow fell with marvellous distinctness upon the white paneling, and gave me the impression of some one crouching to waylay me. I stood rigid for half a minute, perhaps. Then, with my hand in the pocket that held my re volver, I advanced, only to discover a Ganymede and Eagle glistening in the moonlight. Tho door to the red room and the steps up to it were in a shadowy corner. T moved my candle from side to side, in order to see clearly the nature of the rRCfss in which I stood before opening the door. Here it was, thought I, that my predecessor was found, and the memory of that story gave me a sudden twinge of apprehension. I glanced over my shoulder at the Ganymede in the moonlight, and opened the door of the red room rather hastily, with my face half turned to the pallid silence of the landing. I entered, closad the door behind me at once, turned the key I found in the lock within, and stood with the candle held aloft, surveying the scene of my vigil, the great red room of Lorraine Castle, in which the young duke hid died. Or, rather, in which he had begun his dying, for he had opened the door and fell headlong down the steps I had just ascended. That had been the end of hia vigil, of his gallant attempt to conquer the ghostly tradition of the place, and never, I thought, had apoplexy better served the ends of superstition. And there were other and older stories that clung to the room, back to the half credible beginning of it all — the tale of a timid wife - and the tragic end that came to her husband's jest of frightening her. And, looking around that large, shadowy room, with its shadowy window bays, its recesses and alcoves, one could well understand the legends that had sprouted in its black corners, its ger minating darkness. I resolved to make a systematic ex amination of the place at once and dispel the fanciful suggestions of its obscurity before they obtained a hold upon me. After satisfying myself of the fastening of the door, I began to walk about the room, peering round each article of fur niture, tucking up the valances of the bed, and opening its curtains wide. I pulled up the blinds and examined the fastenings of the several windows before closing the shutters, leaned forward and looked up the blackness of the wide chimney, and tapped the dark oak panel ing for any secret opening. There were two big mirrors in the room, each with a pair of sconces*' bearing candles, and on the mantel-shelf, too, were more candles in'china candlesticks. All these I lit, one after the other'. The fire. was laid — an unexpected consideration from the old housekeeper — and I lit it to keep down any disposition to shiver, and when it was burning well, I stood round with my back to it and regarded the room again. I had pulled up a' chintz covered arm-chair and a table, to form a kind of barricade before me, and on this lay my revolver ready to hand. My precise examination had done me good, but I still found the remoter darkness of the place, and its perfect stillness, top stimulating for the imagination. The echoing of the stir and crackling of the fire was no sort of comfort to me. The shadow in the alcove, at the end in par ticular, had that undefinable _ quality of a presence, that odd suggestion of a lurking living thing, that comes so easily in silence and solitude. At last, to assure myself, I walked with a candle into it and satisfied myself that there was nothing tangible there. I stood that candle upon the floor of the alcove, and left it in that position. By this time I was in Ersiate of con siderable nervous tension, although to my reason there were no adequate cause for the condition. My mind, however, was perfectly clear. I postulated quite unreservedly that nothing supernatural could- happen, and to pass the time I i.egan to string some rhymes together, Ingoldsby fashion, of the original legend of ths place. A few I spoke aloud, but the echoes were not pleasant. For the same reason I also abandoned, after a time, a conversation with myself upon the impossibility of ghosts and haunting. My mind reverted to the three old and distorted people downstairs, and I tried to keep it upon that topic. The sombre reds and blacks of the room troubled me ; even with seven candles the place was merely dim. The one in the alcov« flared in a draught, and the fire-flickering kept the shidows and penumbra per petually shifting and stirring. Casting about for a remedy, I recalled th( candles I had seen in the passage, and with a slight effort, walked out into tin moonlight, carrying a candle and leaving th» door open, and presently returnee with as many as ten. These I put ii various knick-knacks of china witl which tho room was sparsely adorned lit and placed where the shadows hat lain deepest, some on the floor, some it the window recesses, until at last m; seventeen candles were so arranged tha not an inch of the room but had th' direct light of at least one of them. I occurred to me that when the ghos came, I could warn him not to trip ove them. The room was now quite brightV illuminated. Even with that, however, the brood ing expectation of the vigil \veighw heavily upon me. It was after midnigh that the candle in the alcove suddenl; wont out, and the black shadow spran; back to its place there. I did not se the candle go out ; I simply turned an saw that the darkness was there, as on might start and se« the unexpected prei ence of n. stranger. ' By Jove !' said aloud ; ' that draught's a strong one and, taking the matches from the table 1 walked at ross tho room in a loisurol, manner to relight the corner again. My first match would not strike, and as I succeeded with the second, something soemed to blink on tho wall before mo. I turned my hend involuntarily, and saw that tha two candles on the little table by the fire-place wore extinguished. I rose at once to ray feet. ?Odd!' I saidr 'Did I do ' thnt myself in a flash of absent-iuindednass. I walked back, relit one, and as I did so, I saw the candle in the right sconce of one of the mirrors wink and go right out, and almost immediately its com panion followed it. There was no mis take about it. The flame finished, as if the wicks had been suddenly nipped between a finger and a thumb, leaving the wick neither glowing nor smoking, but black. While I stood gaping, the candle at the foot of the bed went out, and the shadows seemed to take another step toward me. ' This won't do 1' said I, and first one and then another candle on the mantel shelf followed. 'What's up?1 I cried, with a queer high note getting into my voice somehow. At that the candle on the wardrobe went out, and the one I had relit in the alcove followed. ' Steady on !' I said. ' These candles are wanted,1 speaking with a half hysterical facetiousness, and scratching away at a match the while for the mantel candlesticks. My hands trem bled so much that twice I missed the rough paper of the match-box. As the mantel emerged from darkness again, two candles in the remoter end of the window were eclipsed. But with the same match I also relit the larger mirror candles, and those on the floor near the doorway, so that for a' moment I began to gain on the extinctions. But, then, in a volley there vanished four lights at once in different corners of the room, and I struck another match in quivering haste, and stood hesitating whither to take it. As I stood undecided, an invisible hand seemed to sweep out the two candles on the table. With a cry of terror, I dashed at the alcore, then into the corner, and then into the window, relighting three, as two more vanished by the fire-place; then, perceiving a better way, I dropped the matches on the iron-bound deed-box in the corner, and caught up the bedroom candlestick. With this I avoided the delay of striking matches ; but for all that, the steady process of extinction went on. It was like a ragge'd storm-cloud sweeping out the stars. Now and then one returned for a minute, and was lost again. I was now almost frantic with the horror of the coming darkness, and my self-possession deserted me. I leaped, panting and dishevelled, from candle to candle, in a vain struggle against that romorseless advance. I bruised myself on the thigh against the table, I sent a chair headlong, I stumbled and fell and whisked the cloth from the table in my fall. My candle rolled away from me, and I snatched another as I rose. Abruptly this was blown out, as I swung it off the table, by the wind of my sudden movement, and immediately the two remaining candles followed. But there was still light in the room, a red light that staved off the shadows from me. The fire ! Of course I could still thrust my candle between the bars and relight it ! I turned to where the flames were still dancing between the glowing coals and splashing red reflections upon the furniture, made two steps toward the grate, and incontinently the flames dwindled and vanished, and as I thrust the candle between the bars, darkness closed upon me like the shutting of an eye, and crushed the last vestiges of reason from my brain. The candle fell from my hand. I flung out my arms in a vain effort to thrust that ponderous blackness away trom me, and, luting up my voice, screamed with all my might — once, twice, thrice. Then I think I must have staggered to my feet. I know I thought suddenly of the moonlit corridor, and, with my head bowed and my arms over 'my face, made a run for the door. But I had forgotten the exact position of the door, and struck myself heavily against the corner of the bed. I stag gered back, turned, and was either struck or struck myself against some other bulky furniture. I have a vague memorv of battering mvself thus, to and fro in the darkness, of a cramped strug gle, and of my own wild crying as I dar ted, to and fro, of a heavy blow at last upon my forehead, a horrible sensation of falling that lasted an age, of my last frantic effort to keep my footing, and then I remember no more. I opened my eyes in daylight. My head was roughly bandaged, and the man with the withered arm was watch ing my face. I looked about me, try ing to remember what had happened, and for a space I could not recollect. I rolled my eyes into the corner, and saw the old woman, no longer abstracted, pouring out some drops of medicine Irom a little blue phial into a glass. ' Where am I ?' I asked. ' I seem to remember you, and yet I can not re member who you are.' They told me then, and I heard of the haunted red room as one who hears a tale. ' We found you at dawn,' said he, ' and there was blood on your fore head and lips.' It was very slowly I recovered my me mory of my experience. ' You believe now,' said the old man, ' that the room is haunted?' He spoke no longer as one who greets an intruder, but as one who grieves for a broken friend. ' Yes,' said I, ' the room is haunted.' 1 And you have seen it. ' And we, who have lived here all our lives, have never set eyes upon it. Because we have never dared. Tell us, is it truly the old earl who ? ' 1 No,' said I ; ' it is not.' i- ' 'I told you so,' said the old lady, with I the glass in her hand. ' It is his poor I' young countess who was frightened ? ' 3, ' It is not,1 I said. ' There is neither y ghost of carl nor ghost of countess that room ; there is no ghost there at all ; but worse, far worse ? ' ? Well V they said. ' The worst of all the things that haunt poor mortal man,' said I ; ' and that is, in all its nakedness — Fear I Fear that will not have light nor sound, that will not bear with reason, that deafens, and darkens, and overwhelms. It followed me through the corridor, it fought against me in the room ? ' I stopped abruptly. There was an interval of silence. My hand went to my bandages. Then the man with the shade sighed and spoke. ' That is it/ said he. ' I knew that was it. A Power of Darkness. To put such a curse upon a woman 1 It lurks there always. You can feel it even in the day-time — even of a bright sum mer's day — in the hangings, in the cur tains, keeping behind you however you face about. In the dusk it creeps along the corridor and follows you, so that you dare not turn. There is Fear in that room of hers — black Fear — and there will be so long as this house of sin endures.' ________^____ 