voctor openoer's Ureat Crime. I was sitting-in my office,half dosing'over an inerininable article on nutrition in the Slaetlnedidcal 'review. The fire in the grate wais.tili'theb nlght soseetoimy;and the clock wak'jiut on the stroke of eleven. I was about to torn off the gas and retire, for, being 0' bachelor. I elept in the room connected with my clice, when there was a -pull-at the bell. I etarted up ouddenly, fcr bthis wee something quite new. Middlebury was a decorous sort of piace, and the people usually managed to be taken sick at seasonable hours. Old Mrs. Jerome bad been threatening to die for the past five 'j'thesai nd every time I visited her she solemnly-informod me that when the de :isre moment did come she desired me present. But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet been called upon to be present at her death. Now, I tshought,it muse be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. .I took up my night lamp and went to the door. A gus of strong, damp sleet wind nearly extinguished the light, but, shading ,.it with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. "Come in," I said, holding open the oor. She declined with a gosturo of im patience. "You nioet come out, and be quick about -it." she said, in sharp, decisive voice. I puot on my overcoat without demure, looked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm. As I did so the woman laid a firm 'and on my arm, and putting her face close to mine, said: i"Doctor Lockwood, can yiu kfop a "'isioet r"-' ` " Ithink sno, madam." ' Swear it." "Is this secret c0 yours of a pro!eossionial aharacter? That is, in it anything you wish to confide in me as a medical man 7" 'It is." Very well. then, I swear it." "'That to eight." Aeman respects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, since men's months are ronning over with them. \- Whither are you taking me, and for what purporse 2" " To she Clifton House to see the mistress,' weeas the reply. I-started. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken byDootor Spencer,a stranger to every. one 'in Middlebary. Spencer was a tall, dark, 'rather distingieshed looking person, who had hung out his sign in the village only a few doors above mine, but as yet he had no ',practise. He was nonsociable in the extreme, avoiding his neighbors persistently, and when -he didepeak it was in so curt, half savage a way that no one was likely to prolong the -conversation. .The'dootor had a wife, it was said, but no one had ever sen her. She was an invalid, and.-Miss Melrose, a friend of the family. ipresidedover the house, and sat at the head of the table. Miss Melrose was very beautli .fel, and won the admiration of all who visited Clifton' House by her ease of manner and faecinating conversation. .'As we walk along, let me explain to you ,just what is necessary for you to,know. My mistress is very ill," said my companion. I beg your pardon-is it Mrs. Spencer or Mien Melrose ?" She laughed bitterly. "lisiMelrose I I would stab her to the heart sooner than own her for a mistrers. My mistress is a lady-noble, royal and of gentle birth. It is an honor to serve her." "Andisabeill? How long sinee?" A inE er since she marriedhim-curse him t" shebemuttered, in a fiercer tone. " Bobut I must not get excited. I most tell my story, or rather hers. Two years ago, through the desire of. her dying father, Alice Hendon be -same James Spencer's wife. Before that she twasa healthy, blooming girl; immediately ,-after-their marriage she began to fail. Do eeanythingsatrange in that? "l t memo enlighten you further,. Doctor .Spencer was at one time engaged to Miss Luaille Melrose. bht he broke the engoge ment, and married my mistress instead. Mise Melrose was as poor as Job's turkey. Miss Hendon was an 'heires, and Doctor-Sponcer was deeply in'debt-and hard pressed by his creditois,-. Do you eroe anything strange in that?" "Perhaps so: Go on." "'When my mistress married Spencer she ?was only seventeen, and bad been taught to obey her father in everything. She was a gensle, affectionate child, and it would have been easy for' Spencer to have won her love. iBut he did not - care for that. It paid his debtsand- boought him fast horses; it set his table with nice.and costly dishes, and put it it hispower to keep Miss Melrose robed like a'qneeou And all this time my mistress has been slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think she is not dying of disease, but of "-she lowered her voice to "a whisper as she epoke the word "rpdiuon t" "Impossible I This is a grave charge." . 01poison given her by her husband, who, at her death will have the sole control of her gqjperty and he free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to explain the details of the thousand and one circumstance which has led me to believe it, for we are almost at the door. It is never theb case that Mies Melrose nidd Spencer are out the house at the same -aisne; or I should have called a physician be fuse; but to-night they are both called away by the death of Mise Melrose's rister, and will not be back until to-morrow. With the consrnt of my mistress I came for you, and cii, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you save her. I nuarsed her when her mother died and left her ahelplesse inlant; all through her innocent youth she was like an own child to me; and how toeae her fading bourly before my eyes ! Great Heaven I If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, bie life should pay the forfeit." 'I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer. although I had never seen her, and like her own nurse I was leginning to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spencer. Mis. Spencer received me in her bed chamber. It was on the second floor, and was furnished wit, eaquisite elegance. Everything in the room beepoke the refined taste of the 'ccrpent. The warm air was fragrant with the odor of heliotrspe, and glancing around I eawthe purple bloesoms and green leave'iun en alabaster vsec on the edge of the south winrdow. She was a woman who, once seen, could never be forgotten. I have met in my life muanv a berutiftil woman, but teVer one e0 lownly. She woe toll and streight, with a puiely oval face, liquid brown vyee, and a dash of hcrtic in her cheek whith is not seen in health. She received me arocilully, as I know she did every one, and though there w-as-a slight embarrassment in hcr manner when I spoke of her illness, she anowered rsij proafEsional inquiries without hesito else. As for myelf, I laid aside all false delicecy and quessioned her plainly as to her symp toe.Ms. r Ipsrd, the nOrue, remonled in the room, and added many important items of infermatton. When she spoke of her husband it use with a sort of hopelees sadness which distressed nis greatly. Net a breath of suepicion against him was in her ansoers to my que. Sions, and I felt sure that at prevent site knoew nothing of such rerious spprehen aious. I was gladit wae is, for, with her finely strong -organisotion it might have producrd serions seadst. I made my ezomination oi the patient as closely as I could, and drese my own conclosions. I could have sworn that Mrs. Spencer daily swallowed arsenic in email quantities, and the deadly drug was telling on her constilution. She said, answering my questions, that she had no physician excepo her husband. Be thought himself better acquainted with her caee,-and-therefore better qualified to treat her. He never left medicine eer her to take; se 'always brought it from his oflice and Idministered it promptly. Where wars litle I could do in such a case, Anzious to do everycomeg, me very crculm stances of the affair left me nearly powerlete. A charge of such nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer without the proof; If I hinted a susopicion everyone would set it down to my prelessional pre judice; and if I could not subotantiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for eoch a Blander uttered against him. Thoe only dependence seemed to he in lire. Hurd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spencer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watch to save thevictim, and discover soe e proof by which we can fasten the guilt on her hue. band. She smiled grimly andpromised obedience, and I gave her a powerful antidote for the poison I suspected, and want home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not eleep that night, and all the next day I was in a bigh fever of excitement. A riong at the bell made me tremble-a step on the gravel out-. eido my ofice stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what I Expected to hesar. I felt sure that I should hear something before I slept, And now I must tell the story as it was told to me. Doctor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, the nurose said; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miss Melrose came with him, and looked decorously ean over the death of her sister. Women of her stump always do mourn to perfection. They neither overdo or underdo the thing, as women of feeling are likely to do. Doctor Spencer came at once to his wife's chamber. Ile thought that tshe looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. " You are always ordering cordiols for her," said Mrs.Hurd,musingly. " Why not take something yourself You look like a ghost t" Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : - SI think I will taka some of the cordial myself, forI do not feel quite well. Alice dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health 1" Mrs. Spensor smiled sadly in ascent-she never disputed her husband-and he went out. Presently be returned withtwo glasses. Both contained liquor colorless and odorlees. Mrs. Hard was watching him with her beari in her throat, for she told me that rhe felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in the grey pallor of the doctor'airigid face that told her of a desper. ate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of she tray and gave it to his wife. " Drink it, dear," he said. "It's a panacea for all evils. I am also going to take a glass of it," and he pointed to the glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was potting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd interrupted. " If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer complains that the cordial leaves a bad tastelin her month, and my oldbones are 0so full of rhenmatism that it nearly kills me to go down staire." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If he had any eneuspieons her manner quieted them, and putting down the glaess he left the room. Then Mrs. Hurd changed the position of the glasses. When he came back-and he was gone but a moment-the nurse stood exactly where he had left her, and Mrs. Spencer was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. Again he lifted the glass-this time it was the one intended for himself-and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. "Now for my own cordial," he said, with eaffected gaiety. "I indulge in something stronger." As he spoke he tossed off the mixture. "It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to see him do it," said Mrs. Haurd, re lating the circumEtance to me, "but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conecience. I argued like this: 'If it was simply cordial, it would do no harm; if it was poison. htubsbodo-wcnt be- upon Outs own stntut head."' He went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the yost-eor,'eer examination, and we discovered in the stomach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to kill hal a dozen men. My brother physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her story, I had my own theory as to the cause of his death. There was no public Ex posure, however. Mrs. Hard and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretched affair public, and so we kept our own counsel. Mitiss Melrose, in epite of my conviction that she had an active part in the conspiracy against Mrs. SpenceOr's life, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and haggard face as hers I have never seen, and when they buried Doctor Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though she recovered in health, she was never herself again. She was a harmless maniac, whoe delight was in gathering flowers and decora ting the doctor's grave with them. She is living still, and still gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Ilurd slept under the violets, did Alice know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told her, after the first shook was over, she crept into my arms and whis pered: "But if it had not been for James' crime I should not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil." Weur is the reason that all children are geniuses-though they contrive so soon to outgeow that dungeroos quality-except that they nevercroseoeamins themselves on the nubject The m0ment that preceso begina, their speech loses its gift of uneapeotednees, and they become as tediously impertinent as the rest of us. t'ttacesCsL application is the only mordant which will set things it the memory. Study, without it, is gymnsaoico, and not work, which alone will Get intetlectual bread. No one can ask honestly or hopefully lobe delivered from temptation uenles he hae himself honestly and tirmly determined to do the best he can to eels 0ot of it. A trae will be behind while he follows a leader, and will comsrehend the esense of his oenu euietance only when he toes inde pee dect. NiaTrE io upheld by anlogooism. Passions, resistance, danger, are oducltors. We ucqcire the strength we have overcome. TereT all men ond veomen cneideralely and you sill be Eurprioed at the dividends that come to you daily ond yearly. IT is a wiec rule to tlke the world as we tind it, not altsays to leave it sc " I am in terror," sighed poor Mrs. Goomouther, " every time I heor the tell riog, I know Il11 hear eomething dreadful about Jack. I'm sure he's been into some awful mischief." " What makes you think as 0" asked her husband. " Ot. he camu directly home from school this afternoon, sat down and studied his lesson for to-morrow for nearly two hours, and has been as good as an angel ever since. Dear, dear, what aes that bhy been up to, I wosld like to know." Customer-" I tell you I don't want the coat. Ite faded and the color don't suit me." Isoars-" It's vyded and der color don't suit you. Yell take it for ceven and a hull t." Customoer-"Besides, its half worn out already." 1asc0-" S0 much der better, ma shild. If der goat don't suit yer id von't dake you so lono to oear it out. Iaet do resehen 7" 