AUSTRALIAN ATROCITIES THE BLACK AND BLOODY BACK BLOCKS. Cruelties of Civilisation. Why Use Turkish Atrocities? Try Our Own Make! A Retrospect of a Somewhat Obscure and Blood-smeared chapter in the history of Australia, which is Dedicated to the snufflers over the Armenian Butcheries. (By ARTHUR J. VOGAN, F.R.G.S., Author 'Black Police,' &c.; Hardly anything, I suppose, could be more sickening to the man of average intellect, worldly experience, and love of justice than the atmosphere of cant and humbug surround- ing the recent Atrocities Meetings in Eng- land. Politicians, preachers, and other must- keep-before-the-public-you-know persons al- most tumbled over each othar in self-adver- tising attempts to demonstrate the Turk - a devil; and the Armenian— a demi-god. Not that these semi-comical exhibitions would affect the 'common object of the side walk' in the manner I have hinted at, or, indeed, cost him more than a mere passing thought, were it not for the awful bathos of the whole thing — the flabby, filthy hypocrisy that swings across the 'parlors of the mind' as one reads. It is another exemplification of the curious faculty for repenting over sins which some one else has committed, and the snuffling over the crimes of our neighbor, which is a disfiguring ear-mark of modern religion and society. The Law and the Gospel have looked idly on at hideous holo- causts, within the Empire's boundaries, that have made even merciful men long for a Material Hell as the only way of squaring matters. It seems, however, only when the man next door proceeds to extremities with the cat, by skinning it alive, that the injured feelings of the animal are deemed worthy of consideration. The London namesake and contemporary of this paper some years since caricatured Kip- ling's 'Blood Red Flag' in a series of verses which are forcibly and uncomfortably true, Here is one stanza: "It has floated o'er scenes of pillage, It has flaunted o'er deeds of shame, It has wared o'er the fell marauder As he ravished with sword aflame ; It has looked upon ruthless slaughter And massacres dire and crim; It has heard the shrieks of the victims Drown even the Jingo hymn. And letting the rest of the vast kingdom slide for the time being, and speaking only of this portion of it, Australia, is this verse we have quoted anything but too confoundedly true? For which of us, knowing well the up- country, outside wilds of this oontinent, but but could tell of tales of heartless cruelty perpe- trated upon the native race by certain of our own people, as would have secured the indi- vidual butchers, had they been working Armenians to death under orders from the Sick Man, all kinds of promotion. Yet our cowardly and selfish Churches, our place- seeking Politicians, and our so-called "respectable" Press are' dumb upon the matter of repressing the shocking treatment of the aborigines that still obtains in many parts of Australia to-day. At rare intervals as if by accident — a telegraphic item is pub- lished, such as the following one; culled from our older morning contemporary last week. This refers to a far-away part of another colony, and making 'good copy' is allowed column room. But no adverse comments over such occurrences ever appear in our square-toed morning papers, who, fearsome of quarrelling with the pastoral element, never swerve a jot from their path of duty (and profit) to themselves: - WESTERN AUSTRALIA ABORIGINALS BEATEN TO DEATH Perth, October 4, 1897 A short time ago particulars of alleged horrible cruelty to natives reached Marble Bar, and the resident magistrate proceeded to investigate the reports. The allegations were that two men followed several absconding indentured natives, flogging them severely, and causing them to travel 24 miles without water. After arrival at a station three of the natives died. The details of the coroners inquest have now been received. It appears that three survivors of the band are a male and two females, one of the latter being 12 and the other 8 years of age. The children had been horribly beaten. the back of the youngest bore large festering wounds. The evidence of the natives was conflicting. One named Kandy states that his hands were tied behind his back. He said that one man took a rope and knotted it and beat him till tired, when the other continued. both also thrashed Spider, who died tied to a post. The woman was then beaten , and one of the natives, when released drank a billycan of water. three of the blacks died three hours after being flogged. According to the evidence taken at the coroner's inquiry, one man stated that he tied Biddy, one of the deceased, up and beat her, though she was ill, for about two minutes. He then took Louie, 12 years of age, and beat her with the same rope, and afterwards treated Minnie, a little girl in like manner. I, myself, in 1889, saw a native girl whipped, tied to the verandah-post of the 'Government House' of a Queensland station owne by a respected church-going resident of the Pennant Hills, Parramatta. The wretched, writhing, satin-skinned wench, who, after having been 'run down' some year or so previously, had since occupied a position as a member of the station harem, was cruelly fastened up and flogged with the 'punishment cat,' which was made of fencing wire. Interference in such a case would be useless; and in the lawless outside cattle- stations, where no public opinion, or coroners' inquests exist, the brutal squatters can do as they like, and often wallow in beastial ex- cesses and brutal cruelties that no age or people in the world's history have ever ex- celled. I have seen blacks HUNTED WITH BLOOD- HOUNDS on the Mulgrave near Cairns; I have seen them loaded with chains, beaten and branded, between 'the Gulf' and the East Coast'; I have seen native children bought and sold for a few notes over a large part of interior Queensland. And so have hundreds of other persons. But, unhappily, most men who have been in the way of learning these things, are in a position hich renders it im- politic to quarrel with the squattocracy, who are the principal offenders. Of the balance, others become callous, perhaps, some are insufficiently educated to write to the papers, others, again are not energetic enough. And so the black secret of the back-blocks is kept so well from the humaner public of the cities. During the years 1887-1889, my travels across Australia, as artist and mining re- porter for various papers, gave me every op- portunity of seeing these terrible sights of which I write. In consequence of being unable to get ny of the more important papers of Australia to take up the question. I wrote THE 'BLACK POLICE,' which was published by Hutchinson in London in 1890. In this book I set before the public in narrative form my personal ex- perience of these horrors. From a monetary point of view this work was a success; but in the cause which prompted its execution probably little good resulted. Many others beside myself have apprehended the subject by means of articles, lectures, poems. Amongst these I many mention the late Sir Henry Parkes, Tenison Woods, Professor Drummond, and that [one] martyr to this particular cause of humanity the [????] Revd J. B. Gribble, who, [?????]ly abandoned by his church (Anglican), his bishop (of Perth) and even shot at for his [????], [????] [????] the aboriginals at the [????????] Reserve, Johnson, the Swedish [????] and author of 'Camping Amongst [????]' and the Revd J. G. ????, the well-known missionary, in his autobiography both give details of atrocities such as those to which I have re- ferred. There are a dozen more writers, as well, on thesame sickening subject. The General Public then when asking for its free- pass into the Everlasting Show must not be surprised if the same be denied to it, nor can the G.P. plead ignorance of the existence of these atrocities. Now, no one need necessarily be the worse patriot, neither one of Scott's things ' with soul so dead,' because he happens to be able to coolly appreciate the difference between right and wrong when the scene happens to be in his own national back-yard, and not in that of hie brother John, or Ali. A man is none the worse friend or brother because he may point out to his companion sartorical, or hirsutical deficiencies. He is surely, there- fore, unblameworthy when he lightens up the darker sins of the nation of which he is a unit, if he do so with ths objeot of amending the same. All our modern writers on Sociology such as Havelock-Ellis. Lombroso and the rest, point to the fact that the moral, and mental health of a community may be studied under the same rules that apply to individual. We learn from them that as the healthiest, and most highly organised body appreciates quickest and most accurately a touch or an injury ; so is it with the mental and moral senses. The human experience of ages has distilled, from the blood of countless MILLIONS OF UNSUITABLES the knowledge of what conduct of life is necessary for our continued existence as human beings upon the globe. From these oceans of travail and death have crystallised our moral laws. There is no dodging. They are the edicts of unflinching, unforgiving, unavoidable Nature. All religions have been founded on these facts, and owe what passing vitality they possess to such. We must obey, whether we like it or not , 'because — because — because we happen to be' here. That these laws, common to all ages and natural-religions; include those setting forth the inadvisability of committing murder, licentious acts, or working cruelties upon our fellows, I need hardly remark. These are not the mere tinsel-dogmas of churches. They are eoonomic formulae as unerring in action as any given combination of chemical re- agents which give like results invariably if brought into juxtaposition under identical circumstances. It is interesting to note now these ancient laws and the recent rediscoveries of our teachers in sociology agree upon the point of loss of vitality and feeling following the infringement of these rules of life; and heralding the unavoidable punishment. We the same thing when the victim of leprosy receives his first dread notice by observing a loss of the sense of touch. He can hold, say, a match in his bare fingers till it burns out, without that inconvenience he would have experienced in perfect health. So it is with the moral and mental senses of a nation. History shows a oommunity is just and mer- ciful in exact proportion to its health and strength. SPAIN, FOR EXAMPLE, fell away from power and progress into the spasmodically-energetic paradise of priests, courtezans, and pioturesque laziness after the preliminary symptoms of disease that became apparent during the frightful excesses of the Conquest of Peru. Those plucky cut-throats, Francisco Pizzarro and Co., had some slight ghost of an excuse, for their crimes were committed against a race of church-damned heretics, and under circumstances of extreme anxiety and temptation. But the absence of moral grit — the mental obliquity of a church- cursed executive who allowed and even en- couraged such barbarities— was, as the blind historian has told us, the first sign of the decay of the nation. No merciful pollicem premere was held down in favor of the defenceless' Incas by a spiritually aenemic nation, whose remarkable decline again proved the truthfulness of the ancient saws. Now is THE CASE OF AUSTRALIA a similar one to that of Spain, declining Rome, or say of those sickly-brutal nations? No, I think not. - The fresh, warm blood of rejuvenating democracy is our hope. The difference lies chiefly in that our Public Opinion is healthier; and in that case, as I have said— 'it shall follow as the night the day ' — it will be more just and merciful. But the job is to attract- the attention of that same P.O. — there are so many canvassers and book agents ringing its front-door bell. A hundred years of nameless cruelties have been perpetrated upon the native races. One begins, when one thinks at this, to fold the hands and philosophically take the fact as a sign of the coming and unpreventable deca- dence of the conquering race, as we have seen exemplified in other nations. But in this as in others, the rise of democratic feeling bids us hope for better things. When Borthwiok publlished his account of the TASMANIAN BLACK WAR whan the Christian and civilised white set- lers spent a series of Bartholemew's days in extirpating the remainder of the native inha- bitants of that ill-omened isle, very little, notice was taken of his scathing accusations of wholesale murder against the colonists. Only the other day Mr W B Harper, of Ashfield, the best Australian authority on anthropometry, complained to me that only some fifty skulls of Tasmanians were available to science. Just thyink of it! ln less than a century we have destroyed a numerous race, and even its skulls are a rarity ! If any Britisher can find time to snuffle over Armenian atrocities, or hand- cutting, on the Congo by Belgian officials, after that, let him do it ; but where just men cannot be sickened at the sight. Do -you remember that ancient Yankee joke? It ise so applicable to our own method of solving the native question. Uncle Sam: 'What's the matter now?' Frontier Citizen: 'I stole a torn from the fellow who was on it and drove him off, and now he is coming back with a lot of his rela- tives to kill me' Uncle Sam: 'Well, you ought to be killed.' 'But the fellow I stole the farm from is an Indian.' 'Oh, well, I'll order out the Army.' It was just this grim policy that carried out during the red-years of the seventies, made a bloody smear on the map from the coastal regions of Queensland and South- Australia right up into the far interior - the 'never never land,' I saw, I heard enough, even as late as '89, in those districts to understand something of the awful horrors that all but destroyed therein the native race in that, wild greedy rush for squatting 'country.' But perhaps a few personal incidents may do more than any amount of generalities to bring home to us the outlawry at the blacks in certain parts of Australia. Here is an ex- tract from a letter written by me from Cairns in '87. It comes hot and true from the scenes of crime: 'I was introduced a few days since to a cockatoo squatter, who holds a small run with- in thirty miles of one of the civilized (?) munici- pality of Cairns. Come out and stop a few days with me,’ he said, ‘and if you want any native curios, OR A SKULL OR TWO as you’re a scientist, I see if Sergeant Bedad can come up with his “boys.” No end of sport I can assure you.’ I thought he was making a grim joke, - but you will see. A town councillor who was going my way, to visit a gold mine up on the ranges beyond my destination, offered to show me the way. We started together, and, after about two hours’ ride, as we were entering a piece of scrub, Mr Counc- Councillor pulls out a long-barrelled revolver from his dust-coat pocket, and motions to me to be quiet. Thinking he saw a pig or a cassowary, I let him go on by himself a bit. ‘I saw two niggers here, last time I was passing, - last week,’ he explains as I over- take him,' they were getting grubs out of the rotten tree, by the 'bush-lawyers' there, but they cleared out before I could get a fair shot at them.' I needn't tell you that I was astonished at what my companion said (the reader of this article will remember I was new to Australian atrocities when I wrote this letter), and, getting off my horse to see if he was 'having me,' found the print of the niggers' feet in the black soil, the hole in the rotten tree, whict they had made in search- ing for the grubs, and, lastly, the most cir- cumstantial piece of evidence to prove he was not joking, but terribly in earnest, the bullet- bole of the shot he had fired in a tree-stem close by. Arrived at the little station, I was in- troduced to Mrs Cockatoo — squatter. She was a tall, dark, lady-like person, with some thing particularly gentle and woman-like about her that was very charming after the specimens of the weaker (?) sex one generally sees up this way. But she was the next one to startle my anti-slavery and murder notions. She had no children of her own, but was possessed of two little child slaves, who, she informed me, the local sergeant of the Black Police had kindly 'saved for her' out of a camp of blacks he had destroyed four miles down the river. I saw the remains of the ingenious fish-weir erected by these unfortu- nates one day when out for a ride. The blacks apparently never injured anyone ; but, as Mrs Cockatoo informed me, with a gentle smile, 'they were always singing, or making a noise of some sort; and disturbed the cattle,' which liked to stand in the shallows near the camp, in preference to merely taking a drink at the steep banks of the other parts of the river frontage. 'The niggers frightened them; besides blacks are always a nuisance.' So the camp was surrounded one night and 'dispersed.' — the meaning of which in this part of the Queen's dominions, I have already explained to you. These slave-children, whose baby-love for each other was most touching were naturally pretty, as most native children up here are: but they were sadly neglected, and very cruelly treated. Their sole garment consisted of an old sack, stiff and coated with dirt, the bottom of which was perforated with three holes, one for the head and two for the little black arms. Although only about six and eight years of age, these children had to chop up the firewood used in the house, fetch water from the river, etc., and were often cruelly beaten for trivial offences. In fact I left the station, after spending three days there; chiefly on account of the painful sight always before my eyes of the cruelty inflicted on these unhappy little 'niggers.' 'Mrs Cockatoo told me a pleasant story, too the first day I was in her house, illustrat- ing the 'annoyance' the blacks had been to her husband and herself 'till dear Inspector D— — cleared the niggers off tbe hills' that surround the run. 'It was January, I think,' she said 'Yes, the end of January. I hadn't had Topsey and Turvey (the two slave- children) very long, aud I was cleaning some fish that we had got out of a net that we sometimes run across the river at the old fish- weir. Bob (her husband) was away and there were only two white men about the house. They were fencing round the dog- kennel there. Bob hadn't got the dogs, then,' my fair hostess added, turning her gentle eyes towards tbe magnificent bloodhounds which were sunning themselves by the 'lean- to' door, and whose astounding use 1 was afterwards to learn. ' Well I was at work just as I am now' she went on ' when I chanced to look up and saw two old niggers coming up from the river and walking across the paddock to the house. Bob had told me not to allow any niggers to cross the run, or 'come in' (come and work as slaves on the station); so, when they came near, I told them to go, or I'd shoot them. They — at least one of them— kept on saying, 'Me very good boy, me very good boy,' and 'me very hungry,' and they wouldn't go away. So I got the gun, that one with the broken stock (Bob broke it finishing an old rascal of a nigger last time he was out with Inspector D----), and I told them to go; but they knelt down and wouldn't. So I had to shoot them and get the men to throw them into the river. Bob said I had done quite right ; but I'm afraid you don't think so.' This amiable couple; for they are really amiable and good- hearted people in every other respect save their treatment of 'niggers' had destroyed by poison, shooting and hunting with 'the dogs' — whose 'score was only four at present,' Mrs Cockatoo informed me laughing — about 30 or 40 aborigines in the six years since they had taken up the run.' I can hardly blame persons 'who sit at home at ease' being unable to credit the existence of such double-lived persons as those I have des- cribed, as accurately as I could; when on the spot, in above quoted letter. To men who know interior Australia, or who have studied the cases of those suffering from THAT HORRIBLE DISEASE cerebral hyperaemia, the statements of my- self and others will not appear fabulous. Dr Hammond, the well-known specialist in neurology, when investigating the White- chapel murders for the Government; enligh- tened the popular mind through newspaper articles upon the number of cases of loving murder and cruelty for its own sake that came before the medical practitioner. That unbridled licentiousness and the absence of mind-discipline, which, so often follows the continued residence of certain kinds of epileptically disposed persons, in places where there is no counteracting restraint in the form of public opinion, or police-court summonses, is, as every medical authority points out, a fruitful cause of this disease. The offenders then, let us say, are patients, need- ing mad-house walls to guard them ; but what of the public that remains quiet whilst such things go on! Surely, as the poet sings:— 'The age is dull and mean. Men creep. Not Walk, with blood too pale and tame To pay the debt they ow to shame.' Whilst camped last year at Niagara, some ten-dozen miles north of Coolgardie (where the gold comes from) the few miserable natives, who managed to survive the pro- specters' acquisition of all the known water holes; committed occasional depredations on neglected tents for the sake of obtaining food and water: The miners finally rounded them up and shot all they could; but in this case, as in so many others, I have had personal cognisance of on the goldfields the real sufferers by the robber- bis oks took no hand in the massacre, which was perpetrated by two new arrivals, and several Melbourne larrikins - The year previous a man named Fitzgerald was arraigned for a wholesale BUTCHERY OF NATIVES nearly due east of Niagara, at a place called Mount Catherine. After finding gold, Fitzgerald and party apparently ronnded up the natives, and, as is often done by pro- spectors, procured some native girls as cooks and concubines. Certain native swains objected to this, and disappeared — from lead poisoning, rumor has it. But tbe sorriest part of the story is to come; tired of the girls, the whites relegated them to the rough camp of dry-blowers, who had now put in an appearance. Some of these had oontracted an unmentionable disease before leaving Cool- gardie; and now transmitted it to the native women. From these poor abandoned children of the desert the filthy sickness spread to other of the diggers and 'blowers'. To cut the story short, the whites arose, and killed off the 'whole box and dice'of the tainted victims of white man's vice. Now, in both these cases I have mentioned it will be ob- served that an honest and civilised native policy, as that afforded in most of the other British colonies [Canada and India, for ex- ample], would have [???] the white [????] [??] ?those] tragedies from [im???ing] their heads and souls with innocent blood, which - more than the mere extermination of the aboriginals —is what is so much to be regretted. Let us turn to one of many 'cuttings ' I hare collected on this subject. It is culled from an article in the ' S.A. Register,' of De- cember, 1889,' which deals with the cruelties practised upon a native named Jackey, who was brought down by the police from the interior. The article says: 'Had he been a white man the picture drawn of him heavily man- acled, forced to sit hour after hour upon a camel in a most painful position under a broil- ing sun, which heated the irons upon him until they burned him, would arouse intense indignation throughout the length and breadth of the land.' I need hardly say that not even a reprimand was passed by the Executive upon those members of the force who were guilty of the cruelties mentioned. Again let us quote the same paper, which, with all honor be it said, is one of the few Australian pub- lications mercifully inclined towards the blacks: 'The atrocities practised upon the natives in various parts of Australia — some- times in retaliation for treacherous and bar- barous acts committed by tham, but as often without any excuse whatever — have been horrible, and even now it is undeniable that there are some who think as little of en- slaving or even shooting a black as killing a mangy dog.' In consequence of certain revelations made by myself and others to Mr W. T. Stead, of the 'Review of Reviews,' that gentleman com- municated last year with the Bishops of Aus- tralia. This resulted in Dr. Riley, the young Bishop of Firth, making enquiry personally into the question. All honor to him for the first good steps he made ; but unhappily the flesh was weak, and the rev. gentlemen drew in his horns when he found what an un- popular bug-bear he had raised. Dr Riley made a report to the Governor of the colony, which more than corroborated what Mr Stead had been told. This report was finally laid on the table of the House; and resulted in a healthy storm, which did some good; for all that no direct action was taken by the anthorities. It ie well known, and could easily be proved, that slaves are captured in the in- terior of the Nor' West to-day and taken down in chains for sale and hire to the pearl shell fishers of tbe coast. A personal acquaintance of mine, who owns vessels em- ployed in this industry, confessed as much in reply to inquiries I made of him. I had been led to do this from other information I had received. It was partly through the efforts of the Aboriginies Protection Society of London that a special provision was made 'for the welfare of tbe aboriginal natives ' in the Act of Parliament granting representative in- stitutions to Western Australia. In the 10th section of that Act, it was provided that a minimum of £5000 per annum should be set aside for the purpose, to be expended by an Aborigines Protection Board. This provision was objected to from the first by the leaders of public opinion in W.A., who cynically de- clared that they only agreed to it as a temporary arrangement, necessary to conciliate faddists in England, and that they intended to get it done away with as soon as possible, after self- government had been secured. This I need hardly remind my readers has lately eventuated, and as in the other and older (in one sense) colonies the native race is practi- cally outlawed, and its men, women and children placed at the mercy of the degraded humans who unfortunately are found so common amongst our frontier and 'outside' populations. It would be easy to multiply cases of cruelty to natives ; but I have deemed it sufficient to give a few typical cases, and comment upon there. 