FBDEfiAl CfiMESTION Doings in Adelaide. Exten8iFe Preparations. Meeting of the Delegates. The Public Apathetic. 1 (From Our Special Keporter.) ADELAIDE, Saturday.— Politicians in Adelaide are now all anxionsly looking f orwara- to to-morrow, when the interooloni&l; federation delegates will arrive by special train. Outside the circle of politics, however, there is an extraordinary apathy regarding the great national movement. Even the newspapers dispose of the subject in a couple in short paragraphs, one of which comprises a list of the hoteis at which the visiting delegates are to stay during tho continna tion of tae convention. Perhaps the festirities wkich are to take place during next week will arouse the people a little, but judging by what a, visitor cau see and hear, the citizens of Adelaide did not care much whether the convention met in Adelaide or in Timbuctoo. Of course this colony gets all the advertisement, and world wide prominence, and Mr. Kingston, the Premier, id able to smile quietly over the way he beat Mr. Eeid in deplotnacy. The Governor is coming to town on Monday, acd in the evening there is to be a grand fireworks dispia?. The latter announcement does interest the people, but they do not realise that the evening's amusement would not hare been provided for them had it not been for the convention. There is no getting away from the fact that the apathy which was noticeable at the election in this province has increased. At the official declaration of the poll yesterday it was stated that about 40,000 electors voted and the Premier was at the top of the poll with some 36,000 votes. Wuat that indicates is easily known by the explanation that the population of Adelaide alone is about 150,000, and man and women alike enjoy the franchise. ? The defeated can didates attribute their defeat is many i:;=tane:es to thi3 want of public enthusiasm, arid predict consequences which will be disheartening and disappointing to ardent federalists. Nevertheless tba sittings of the convention may prove interesting enough to the unpolitical citizen to attract attention and improve the federal outlook in ?South Australia. The leadinc -men of the province are earnest- enough on the suoject, and of their num ber Use of the selected. : delegates were 'delegates at tbe convention in 18^1, namely, Sir John Downer, Sic iiichard Baker, Meesra. Kingston, Gordon, and Dr. Cock^urn. Mr. Gordon is the gentleman who at that- convention undertook, in the very early stages of the business, to analyse and criti ise the federal politics of Sir Henry Parkes. 'lhose who were present at the time will remember the skilful and gentlemanly manner in which., he. slated the old veteran. Now Mr. Gordoa is going for Mr. Eeid. He has no liking for the New South Wales Premiers. Apparently he has taken up the cucgeta is farcr of Mr. Kingston being president of the con vention, and, judging by opinicn Kere and in Melbourne he will carry his point. Mr. Eeid has not the slishtest ghost of a caance of getting Sir Joseph Abbott elected to the honorable position. All proceaent is against it in the matter. People are laughing at Mr. Reid and say tbat he is coming hste in a bilious humor because he could not make the convention ~ifo to him. Politicians here and in Melbourne too, profess tc doubt Mr. Seid's sincerity in the federal maTeraent, but t!iey forget tnat when the time had came for action to be taken the other frime Ministers stood back and said *' No, you ie&d; tho way,' and Sir. iieidcidle&dinem; hence tue conven tion. But now tbat the delegates have bees chosen by the popular will of the people all privileges of the Premier of the pareut colony disappear, ana ie has to take his piace in debate among the rank an-i file. It is a case of socialistic equality, aud the delegates of the southern colonies do not eeem. like men who will pay epecial respect to the colony of New fcionth Wales because of her seniority. ' Federal -constitution building has reached a stage beyond . sentimentality and must be worked out on strictly business lines,' s&id; a member of the local Assembly yesterday evening to the special reporter of the 'Evening New3.' That being sc it must be remembered tbat there are no friendships in business. The time has gone past when the representatives of the people will be influenced in this great national movement by the plea of provincial patronage or by the imiividnaiiiy of an indmdna!. ill yen grand old Sir Henry would have found his voice and his vener able white hair had lost their magic influence had he been amoag us to-day. Tbe position explained in t^at short scrap of conversation is an actual one, and the N.S.W. Premier will find he can not lead the Coavention as he ieads'the Parliament of New South \T&les.; Tbe South Australian dele gates, or at ieaat some of teem, have been analysing his iederal pan tic j, and are jjoingfor hiai, for some reason Mr. Reid is not regarded with much favor here, and it remain's to be seen what sort of an im pression he will make in the coavention. 