AIT- ANXIOUS MOMENT. BY MRS. EUNGERFORD. ' CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) ' "You might get a hundred telegrams," cries Detty; "but to forsake him all iu a moment. Ob, Claudia, would you break his heart out right?" Betty bursts into learu, a strange thing \- for that strong little soul to do. But her belief Ju Mcrcdyth's love for tbls "heartless, heartless Klrl," as she calls her, is so deep that, in spite or nis cynical remanm in ner last interview wnu him, she still thinks bo In miserable because of lier desertion of hira. "Is he to lose position— love — all In a single hour?" cries slio between her Bobs. "Why are you in such mad haste to abandon hint? That gun will be found, Clau dia " Then, more gently, more calmly, "Don't do this thing." "Do you know," says Claudia, deliberately, "you are the very stupidest little girl I ever met?" Betty, sick at heart, conies up the stairs that Jcad to Dornhum's chamber, poor Dick Dornham hovering now between life and death. She stands Irresolutely on the threshold, looking from one face to another of those assembled; her uncle, Dord Verlliigton, over there, and George at the bedside, and the doctor here, and the other one over there, and the clergyman waiting anxiously. She becomes conscious all at once that some thing has happened. Both doctors are leaning over the bed, and a faint, faint murmur — a sound as of someone speaking with extraordinary difll- v culty — reaches her ears. Is Dornham conscious? It: is, it must be, his voice she hears. She almost staggers backwards. !A 'nervous Hush mounts to her brow. Every pulse In her body begins to beat wildly. -For a moment, Indeed, a sense of falntnoss, of blindness, almost overpowers her. Dornham con scious? Oh, what a difference this should make for George! Not for a moment had she ever doubted him. Indeed, this second of time ill which she realises that Dornham lias come back to life and may be able at once to clear George's reputation is unspeakably thankful to her. That \- Dornham might have come back to life to de nounce and ruin the man she loved never once \- occurs to her. Her faith is not only deep, but clever. She has gauged George and found him onything hut wanting. Lord Verlington, being the only one to see her, beckons to her to stand still, and, moving gently and noiselessly to her, presses her back into the corridor again. "He has recovered consciousness. He has even recognised us all. but — you must be quite quiet. Dotty; his ease is perfectly hopeless. Some com plication about tho heart; shock or something like that. Ho is dying — no earthly thing could cure him. Both Bland and M'Keuzic are agreed about it. He has really only an hour or so to live, poor follow." . "All hour? Oh! poor, poor Dick," says the girl. A sharp, dry sob, painful, intense, breaks from her lips; sho almost staggers against the wall near her, as if support of some sort is necessary. She seems quite overwhelmed by this disastrous and most unexpected news. They had said he would recover, and she had believed them, and now she feels sick at heart and miser able all through. Then all at once, through her grief for Dick, a thought strikes— piercing — sharp. Fear clut ches her in a deadly grip. An hour! a mere CD minutes. Only an hour! and then — then he will be gone, and George for ever branded with the stamp of crime. She pulls herself up from the wall, standing resolutely. All her strength comes back to her tenfold. "Uncle Gregory," cries she, catching Verling- ton's arm, "if lie is conscious, he can tell us where his gun is, he can tell us all about his accident. Ho can — " she stops as if choking. "Oh, Uncle Gregory, lie can clear all suspicion away from George." "True," says the old lord. He pauses to re gard her with a thoughtful air. "Now, why the deuce," asks lie of himcslf, "is sho so anxious about Mercdyth getting out of this embroglio?" Hin thoughts — old people's thoughts are slow— pause again — "And why the deuce didn't Mere- dyth — as decent a young fellow as I know, and a nepbew-Ln-law not to be despised — fancy Betty at ' first,'. Instead of that abominable ralnx." Thus the old man characterises Claudia. "Too much boy and girl business, I suppose, in their child hood; but — a pity — a pity." Under other circumstances lie is now answer ing out loud Betty's Impassioned appeal. "But I urn sorry to say, my dear, that the doctors re fuse to have liim excited iu any way. Their last hope of keeping him alive for even a. little time depends upon his having perfect calm." "But," the girl has now the air of one in Ireadful revolt, "he is dylng" "Yes, yes." "And George fciust live." . Betty " "1 don't care," clenching her small, firm little hands. "I will say it. He must die, and are we-to let him go without hearing from him a word; only one word, Uncle Greg, that will save George from years of torture? Oh!" imploring ly, "it is not right. Dick himself would wish it. He would be the first to clear George's name, and as he is now conscious, they ought to make him tell all that he can tell." This most tender-hearted of all girls is now growing almost cruel in her desire for the safety of the man she loves. "Betty," says Lord Verlington, very gently, "listen to me a moment." "If Dornham dies without exonerating George, there will rest the suspicion of a crime at all events on Meredyth for the rest of his life. Al ready Miss Jcffarcs has thrown him over. As you know " "How did you know?" "She told me she thought it her duty," sho Said. "And I hardly blame her conduct, if I dis tinctly refuse to admire it. And any other woman, Betty, who would dream of linking lior nfe with his if this suspicion is not raised would . "What is all this to mo?" cries Betty, with fierce impatience. "You are only letting gqod time go by. Dornham should be made to speak. , One little few minutes less in this world would be nothing to him; but, oh, what a difference it . .Woulu make for George." .Verlington sighs. She had not taken to heart a word lie had said. "YVell — there is right on your side," says he, sadly. To himself lie thinks— a little tender girl like that to be so cruel means great love for some body. She has passed him. going into the dying cham ber, before him, and he follows her. But she, after all her high-sounding talk, stops, shocked, terrified, and stepping back with pale and uer- vouo face, leans against a wardrobe. Verlington goes over to the bed. The scene is very little . altered to the girl now standing with frightened . eyes. Her courage has al! gone. Death in its awful majesty is before lier, and she shrinks from it with pallid lips and shaking knees. The , doctors are still leaning over the bed, anxious but hopeless; tho only real difference Is that the voice from tho bed Is now fainter, feebler, and all at once ceases. George has changed his posi- . tlon. He Is now kneeling beside the bed, watch ing tho dying man, with a face nearly as white as liis own, and holding his hand. "Dick, Dick," whispers he, in an agony of en treaty, "don't you know me? Oh. for God's Bake, Dicky, don't go without speaking. Don't forsake me like this." Suddenly he turns des perately to one of the doctors. "Can't you," cries he, "give hint something, anything to re vive him?" "U would be useless, sir," says tho strange doctor who had been called in, but Dr. Bland, . rising the dying man's head, pours a little cor dial between the half-closed lips. He is a friend of all the Dornham family, and is well aware of the disastrous consequences that may follow on Dornlmm's dying without a word of how the fatal accident was caused. Though as for himself, and indeed for everyone now present, were poor Dicky Devoril to die without another syllable coining from bis lips, bis cousin's Innocence would be fully established. I-IIs passionate eager ness to see Dornham once again conscious would bavo exculpated, him in the eyes of any man. The dying wan, strengthened by the cordial, opens his eye» on Meredyth. "Ah," faintly, "dear old fellow." Very feebly he puts out the other hand (Meredyth is holding one), as if to pat his arm. "That row forgotten, eh?" "Oh, Dick," Meredyth breaks down. "A row between us two?" He bends his forehead over the. head already cold with the coming moiBture of death. Old memories of old days and boyish pranks "have risen up and are choking him. He has forgotten his great need of his exculpation from n shameful accusation that this poor fellow alone can give. "Don't excite him," says the strange doctor, "It will do no good, and only hasten his death. ' It will indeed make it immediate." Lord Verlington presses forward. He had . caught Bight of anguish in Betty's eyes. "You have heard, sir." he whispers to him, "the terrible issues that are at stake. I think ho should be allowed lo explain the nature of his accident nt all risks." "As you will, my lord," coldly, "but I warn you, that to rouse him now in any way will con- \- slderably shorten tho few remaining hours loft him. You have heard how his heart is affected." "For all that " "No," Meredyth lins heard all, and now rises to his feet, while still holding his cousin's hand. "I will not have one of them shortened," he says with a sharp command. "Not one. He shall not bo disturbed for inc. It is my wish that ho should bo left to die in peace. Lord Verling ton," in low, but decisivo tones, "I forbid you to ask him any questions." His face is as white as . death, and as stern. Verlington steps back with a slight shrug, his bid 'and kindly face pained and anxious. He is wondering how Betty's beautiful anguished eyes bro looking now, when a slender figure passes : Yv him, and the doctors, too, and goes straight to >feredyth. 'J tell you, you haye no right to prevent big telling all he can," she cries. Her voice is a bare whisper, but it is a cry for all that. "Sir!" turning rapidly to the strange doctor, "no man knows how my cousin Dornham met this wound that is causing him to die. George," pointing vehemently to Meredyth," will not let htm speak. Yet George is the man who is accused of catisiug his death. Do you see nothing in this, sir? Iu tho cause of justice, give that man there," with a gesture towards the bed, "something that will restore him so far as to cuablc him to speak the truth before it is too late!" "Betty!" The voice is Mcrcdyth's — for an in stant his shocked reproachful eyes meet hers. "You of all others!" rays he. He turns away from her, contempt and scorn and despair in Ills face. "Suspect me as you will," says he, icily. "It Is now, at all events, too late to convince you of my innocence." His eyes are on the bed, where Dornham lies once again unconscious. Betty, lifting both her hands to her head with a little tragic gesture, staggers forward into Lord Verlington's arms. "My darling!" whispers he, reproachfully. "What bravery — but what folly!" "I didn't care, gasps she. "Anything— any thing — even his hatred, to savehim!"- Mcnntlme George had fallen on his knees again beside the bed. The lethargy of coming death seems to bo growing on the silent figure, lying so still beneath tho silken coverlet. The silence Is growing more and more oppressive. No one speaks or stirs save the clergyman; and his only half-breathed prayers make but a melancholy murmur in the room, that seems only to accen tuate the actual quiet of it. All are waiting for death. Betty, with her head against her kind old uncle's shoulder, and with her eyes riveted upon poor Dornham, suddenly starts violently. A little thrill runs through her. Lord Verlington, feeling her thus movel, follows her glance, but bis eyes, being dim, sees nothing. "Ah, he has waked. He wants to speak," says Betty, clutching Verlington's arm. And indeed he has waked, for the last time, poor fellow, and, as before, his eyes light first on George. He lifts his hand; then drops it. "It is the last moment," says the priest very softly. But now Dornham's eyes grow brilliant. It Is the last spark of life. "George, I'm glad you're here. I'm done, old boy. It caught me in my side. And your gun, too. I so fancied it." There is almost a flicker of a smile in the ghastly face. "You remem ber? We," with a faint smile, "have had good times together, George. Eh?" Here he loses himself again; his eyes wander vaguely from one face to the other of all those now almost breathlessly anxious people watching him. Indeed, from tho beginning to the end of this sudden consciousness, he has thought of, has recognised, only Mercdyth. A sharp sound breaks from Betty's white lips, a sound as of one giving up her last wild hope. Dornham is plucking at the quilt, and whisper ing vaguely — babbling of green fields — dwelling on boyish delights In which George had been his only companion. These sad and now terrible memories go to the very sout of Meredytli. "Oil, Dick, don't — don't, Dicky," lie groans miserably. -\s if the old name suggestive of llic old artcc- tion, and those thoughts of by-gone days that now are the only ones stirring dimly ill tho mind ot the dying man) is sufficiently potent to recall him from the gates of death, Dornham grows once more conscious, aud far more cleai ly so than before. He turns his head restlessly from side to side. "My gun " "What gun, Dick)'?" Meredyth is leaning over him, grief and despair alono in his eyes. He has forgotten even his own wretched situa tion. "Never mind that, old fellow." Here Detty nearly breaks away from Lord Verlington's restraining 'arms. "Any message for anyone'.'" "The gun, the gun," impatiently. "The one I changed for yours." His voice was singularly clear and loud. That day— that— day— when " Again the veil falls, and again most mercifully is lifted "Give it to Marks" (Marks is his man). It foil behind the box in the gunroom. I had no time— it fell, and," fretfully, "there is no time now!" His eyes close — his head falls hack. Betty Is sobbing silently but convulsively. For one last moment lie rallies. His voice is very uncertain. "If you had been with me, Georgie — you " It is his last word. As in the shock of his grief tho okl boyish name of his cousin came back to Meredyth, so Mcredyth'3 came back to poor Dornhuiu, even as death tore life out of his arms. CHAPTER "Oil, the little more and liow much it is! And the little less and what worlds away!" Meredyth, saddened to his heart's core, and sitting now before his solitary library fire, gives himself up to miserable thoughts. Poor, poor old Dick! A little thing has hap pened almost Immediately after Dornham's death that had crushed him' still further into the throes of melancholy. "He is dead!" Meredyth had exclaimed in open undisguised horror and grief as the poor head had fallen back. And the strange doctor had re plied: "Yes, my lord." Meredyth had started as if stabbed, and old Lord Verlington frowned heavily. He was, and is, the most charmingly punctil ious and delicately expressed of all old men, but he certainly said "What a devil of a brute!" just then, and hardly under his breath. He would have said more to Betty, and no doubt more decorously, but when he turned to look for her she was gone. "And a good thing, too," thought her uncle; "poor child, no place for her at any time." "Lord Dornham!" In spite or him it' came presently to George, as It most certainly would to any healthy man, that he is now the possessor of the title — tho heir of all the vast lands ot Dornham, and of Droon besides — that he is, In deed, one of the richest men in England, and at the same time, as ho tells himself drearily, one of the unlmppiest. Poor old Dick gone! and Claudia a fraud — and Betty — Betty— a traitor. Who would have thought that she — and after all she said, too, encouraging him, upholding him, telling him to have courage, giving him courage Indeed through her own so openly, so vehem ently, declared faith in him! What falseness! Yet, Betty to be false! It seems Impossible, with those clear eyes, that earnest mouth— that little, delicate, honest face. Oh, it is impossible— and yet who can toll a woman's mind? Claudia certainly had shown lier colors at once. He laughs a little bitterly, the soundless laugh of a solitary man. Is she sorry now? If she had pretended a little longer— com mon decency should have suggested it to her— he would still be her affianced husband. One can sometimes thank Heaven very honestly for the falsity of one's friends or lovers! Yes; he is well out of that! And after ail he never really loved her. Caught by her beauty which is beyond cavil; the lust of the eye? No more. His heart lies unscathed. Unscathed! Even as he so thinks, the vision of a little, slender, determined maiden comes between him and tho fire. A slim ghost upon his hearthstone. Oh, that Betty should have be lieved him capable of that! Well— well— well' He stirs Impatiently. After nil, there are com: pensations! That engagement— it had begun to gall— is safely broken, aud by her own hands He has done with Claudia for good and alk His thoughts came to an abrupt end. Who. has como In? For a moment his heart seenrs to atop beating. To come after that liorrlb'ie denunciation of him upstairs in poor Dick's reom He turns abruptly and rises slowly to his feet' to meet— a tall, beautiful figure, with a face as beautiful as the figure, and as correct and cold In outline, that i3 now coming to him across the library carpet. All at once his heart stops that stupid throbbing, and grow3 extremely normal. Miss Jeffarcs has stopped very close to him and just where the light of the lamps will fall most judiciously upon her. She Is looking her loveliest, tho soft draperies of the best tea gown iu her wonderful wardrobe enhancing the charms of her exquisite complexion. Her eyes aro shill ing like twin stars, and she has thrown an nil- of deepest contrition into them, and round her red and parted lips. She even manages to con vey the impression that she would gladly ki-eol to him in her grief and self-hatred. Meredyth re gards her with such open surprise— surprise that Is iittlo tinged with the old admiration— that in spite of her hardihood and her supreme belief in lier own charms, her heart sinks a little. "Won't you speak to me, George?" Her voice is low and sorrowful. Tears have sprung to her eyes— tears of rage and despair at tho thought of losing Dornham aud all its glories. They make lier even more lovely. Even lu George's eyes she had nev«r looked so physically perfect us at this momr.nt when ho Is despising her with all ills heart aud soul He is comparing her In his mind with what She Is now to him to what sho was only a month ago. Even a fortnight ago he hail believed him self in lovo with her (tour months ago he had believed himself madly in love with her) and now Yet she is now as beautiful as then, just as attractive to the eye, the ear. But at this moment he knows It— the old fascination that had caught and held him once, is now dead and buried, gone past recalling. Traitor! he says to himself, gazing at her fairness, and then all at once shrinks within himself. There are more traitors than Claudia. Betty herself had "Oh, yes, I know," tiie low voice Is saying "you think me In the wrong. And so I ari' But not so wrong as you believe ino, Georg/" She moves closer to him, laying one del' cato 'snowy hand upon his arm. Sho might perhaps have raised it to ills shoulder, hut for a slight stiffening of Ills whole figure on his parQ, There is something very like aversion in it, as sho does not fall to see, with an inward wrath j'lat niake3 no sign In the beautiful repentant f .yes uplifted to his. / (To be continued.) , ' ' — «o 