INFANT BAPTISM. Paiit I. (Written by Lady Cook, jhV Tennessee Clallin, for the 1 1 '-t;i-ia It was a simple every-day circum stance thinking, and became respon sible for our setting down the heading as above. \Ve had been invited to the christening of a dear little baby, the child of a near relative, and. as it lay in smiling innocence in the arms . of the clergyman, wc could not help j ieenng now angenc is neaituy, rosy infancy, how pure aud sweet the lirst budding of childhood. We thought of that mother dwelling amidst the hills of Judea in the long centuries ago, gazing with (juiet rapture upon her ' babe wrapped in swadJling clothes aud lying iu a manger,' she who was the type of sacred maternity, as lie was the type of purist infancy and worthiest manhood ; they two, the mother of suffering and the man of grief. Since their day innumerable millions of mothers have implored her aid in the theories of childbirth, and the nations have bowed down and worshiped Him who while alive ' was despised aud rejected of men.' j With all this we could see no valid reason why any virtuous and healthy English matron should not be as worthy of reverence as the Syrian peasant-mother of the l'riuce of Peace, nor why any proper man-child might not also become a Christ and any woman-child a ' lioly Virgin.' These things lie wholly in contrasts and comparisons, aud are wrought out by breed and environment. The high-bred and fearless soldier Ignatius, who was ever in tbe thickest of the light, having been stricken down by a cannon ball, confined to hospital aud left to his rellectious, afterwards put aside his armour and became the most enthusiastic aud most fearless of religious reformers — an ascetic and a saint, the first general of the ' Society of Jesus,' and renowned throughout Europe for his piety and self-denial. And if his great contemporary, Cajetau, before whom Luther was tried at Augsburg, had not been bred : a monk from his boyhood, lie, too, would doubtlessly have been as dis tinguished in war as he w{is in theology. Our contemplation of these topics, however, received a rude check from the ceremony in hand ; for we found that wc were confronted with a system of dubious and archaic speculations which were to lie reverently accepted, wholly and undoubtingly. We were amazed to discover tbat very question able doctrines, doctrines such as no sane person nowadays could possibly believe, were made matters of worship and faith, so that it was impossible for an intelligent listener to join iu the ceremony witli truthful lips and a clear conscience. All these, how ever, we might have endured as relics of past times, but we wore shocked to iind that the little hero of the oc casion, so far from being, as we thought, stainless as the unspotted snow, was a concentration of all the vices, a child of the devil and pos sessed by a devil, lilled with all manner of moral disease and spiritual uncleaness. His happy mother, also, was no better than she should have beeu, and flud'sown process of procreation was evidently a vicious one, for under it every one who comes into being is ' born in sin and conceived in iniquity.' aud from this pleasant arrangement there is 110 escape. Now could wc bear to think that our innocent-looking little relative was such a monster of turpitude, and his amiable mother one who bad grossly misconducted herself. Of course we admired the cleverness which discovered ail this, and the talents which has been directed to such a revelation of iniipiitv. Evi dently there were very amiable people about in the olden times, men whose penetration was deeper than that of the Uiintgcn rays. Nevertheless, there was a certain staginess about the whole affair which made it appear as unreal in meaning as any African fetish ceremony. We are told the Matebele are neither so intelligent uor so civilised as we, but anyhow, their witch doctors are able to concoct a better thing than this. In unmasking the folly, the wicked ness, and the blasphemy of this ceremony, we shall not ask our readers to rely upon our unsupported testi mony, but shall give the proofs from the lips and pens of some of the great authorities of the Church itself : — Origcn said to the baptised believer: ' Thou descendedest into the water dead in sin, thou aseendest quickened iu righteousness.' St. Gregory said : -( lie that saith sins arc not quite forgiven in baptism, may as well say the Egyptians were not truly dead ill the Red Sea.' St. Augustine wrote a whole chanter to nrove ' Tlvifc In- d,,-. price of the blood of Christ in baptism, children are washed, freed, and saved from original sin, propagated from the first parents. . . . Seeing there fore children do not begin to bo of the sheep of Christ, but only by baptism, truly if they do not receive that, tbey will perish,' Origen also said, 'By the sacrament of baptism the lilth of our nativity is laid aside, therefore are little children baptised.' And we once heard the Yiear of Sussex parish, in preaching, say : ' ] tell vou, my brethren, there are children 'in Hell not a span long.' And so great is the regenerative ellicaey of baptism that St. Augustine said : ' That in the baptismal washing not only the pardon of such sins as were committed, but of such as shall be afterwards committed, is granted to such as believe in Christ.' The doctrine of Original Sin, how ever monstrous in itself, is chiefly the causc of infant baptism. The whole is borrowed from the more ancient worship of Mithra, including the great feature of marking the forehead with the sign of Cross. This was the distinctive and universal mark of a Phallic worshipper, and was indelibly scored upon the Hush. Tertullian bears witness that the primitive Christians ' were wont to wear out their foreheads with the sign of the cross. ... a practice which tra dition had introduced, custom had continued, and which the present generation received upon the credit of that which went before them.' Speaking of the Devil, he said, ' He baptiaeth some as his faithful be lievers, he promises them forgiveness of their sins after baptism, and so initiates them to Mithra, and there he signs his soldiers on their foreheads.' And in the earne way St. Cyprian asserted that ' the forehead of a Christian is sanctified with the sign of God.' Constantino the Great adopted it by supernatural direction as his banner, with the motto, ' By this sign thou shalt overcome.' Thus before a catechum was bap tised he was bound to undergo the ceremony of .exorcism. The Devil had to be cast out before he could become regenerated and commence a soldier of Christ. The Liturgy up to the fifth of King Edward the Sixth con tains the following : — '? Then let the Priest, looking upon the children, say : ' 1 command thee, uncleau spirit, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that thou come out and depart from these infants, whom our Lord Jesus Christ hath vouchsafed to call to His Holy Baptism, to be made mem bers of liis Body, and of His holy congregation. Therefore, thou cursed spirit, remember thy Eentence, re member thy judgment, remember the day to be hand, wherein thou shalt burn in lire everlasting, prepared for thee and thy angels. Aud presume not hereafter to exercise any tyranny towards these infants whom Christ hath bought with His precious blood, aud by this His Holy Baptism calleth to be of His Mock.' Martin Bucer persuaded the lie formers to omit this as Jit only for demoniacs. But those to be baptised had, in lieu of this exorcism, to stand with their backs to the East, the symbol of light, and face the West, tile symbol of darknes and the Evil one, and stretching out their hands in deliance of him, were to say, ' I re nounce the Devil and all his works, powers and service.' Let our readers go carefully through ' The Ministration of Public Baptism for Infants, to be used in Church,' and compare it with what wc have written, and see what they think of it. We have not space to go through it line for line, but it will well repay perusal. The obscene ceremonies of Paganism, deprived, it is true, of much of their grossness, have found ahome stead in the Church, aud our ears are daily polluted by the suggestions which underlie them. Iiow long will the prurient fancies of eunuchs, and the mystical immorality of Asiatic and African Monksof the dark ages regulate the conduct and opinions of this country ? The English Church from time to time has watered down her doctrines and ceremonies to meet, to some extent, the demands of rational ism and common sense. She no longer pretends to cast out devils, to speak in unknown tongues, to heal the sick by unction, orto perform miracles. Yet she still claims other powers as wonderful and equally absurd. Wc protest again=t these pretensions as so many insults to common reason, as injurious to public and private morality as frauds upon the credulity of the ignorant aud simple, and as unworthy of our time and place, aud we trust the day is not far distant when all fraudulent ceremonies, and especially those attended by gain, will receive, as they deserve, the condemnation of every honest and onlighted citizen. 