a ghost in the law court. One of the most celebrotcd Assize -cases-arose out of a murder committed ia Warwickshire. A farmer, on liis return from tbo market at Southam, was murdered. A man west the next morniog to-his wife, and inquired if her husband came home tbe evening before. She replied no, and that she was under the utmost anxiety and terror en that account. Your terror, said he, cannot equal mine, for last night,. es 1 lay in my bed, quite awake, the apparition of your hus band appeared to me, showed nra several stabs iu hie body, told eae ho had been murdered by such a person, and his carcase thrown into such a marl pit. The alarm was given, the pit searched, the body found, tho %rounda answered the duoriptien of them. The man whom the ghost had accused was apprehended, and com mitted on a violent suspicion nf murder. His trial osmo on at Warwick before tbe Lord Chief Justice Raymoad, when the Jury would have convicted, us rashly as the Justice- of the Fcsce hed committed him, bad uot the Judge oheckcd them. He addressed himself ia words to tbis purpose : 44 1 think, gentlemen, yeu setiu inclined to lay more stress en the evideuce of au apparition J;hun it will bear. I cannot say that 1 give tuuoh credit to there kind of stories ; but, be that as it will, wo Lave uo right to follow our own private opimou here ; we nre now iu a Court of Law, and must determine according to it ; and I kuow net of auy law now iu being which will admit of the testimony of an apparition ; nor yet, if it did, doth the ghost appear to give evidence. Crier," said be, 44 coll tbo ghost !" which was thrice done, but to no purpose. It appeared not, 44 Gcnllomeu of the jury," con tinued the judge, 44 the prisoner at the bar, as you havo hoard, by undeniable' witnesses is a man of unblemished character ; nor hath it appeared, io tbe courso of the examination, that there was auy manner of quarrel or grudge be tween him and tho party-doceased. I dn- varily believe him to be perfectly innocent ; and, as there is uo evideuce against him, either -positive or circumstantial, be mast be acquitted. But from circmnstauces which have arisen during tbo trial, I da strongly suspect the geutleman who saw the apparition was himself the mur derer, in which cose he might easily ascertain the pit, tbestftbsr&c.;, without any supernatural assistance ; and on suoh suspicion I shall tbiuk myself justified in committing him to cloao custody, till the mnttor can be further inquired into." This was immediately dene, and a warrant granted far flRarahincr his hnniut. whan such strong proofs ol guilt appeared against him, tout he confessed tho murder, and- was -sentenced' to be executed at tbe next assizes., 