A CHARITY FESTIVAL. A charity festival in aid of the Dorcas Society, Mothers' Meeting, City Mission, and Nursing Sister Association was opened in the Pirie-street Wesleyan lecture-hall on Wednes- day afternoon by Lady Colton. The several societies interested in the proceeds have been tunuectt-J with the church lor some years, and by their helpfulness they have won the sym pathy not only ol the members of the congre gation but also of a huge circle of citizens out side the Wesleyau communion. Every pre paration had been tnade. for the success of the i?stiva), and t&e; result naa an exceptionally fine collection of articles, mostly the work of the ladies interested in the charities, arranged on a si-nes of stalls, which vied with each other in friendly rivalry. The hall looked crurtning with its varieeation of ruffes and artistic adornment. The Pastob (Rev. R. S. Casely; introduced Lady Col con, and spoke in enthusiastic term* of the Rood work done by the bodies re presented. Lady Coltos referred with much appreciation to the work of the several charities represented, and declared the fair open, wishing it every success. On tho motion of Mr. J. Hill, seconded by the Her. 0. K. WiuatleT. Lady Colton was heartily thanked, and a handsome bouquet was presented her by Miss M. Hill. The ataUa comprised plain and fancy nn-dlework. Bowers and fruit, produce, sweets, toys, refreshments, ntr.iwlwrries and cream, and Christmas tree. In addition to the ordinary aide shows was '? Trie Ghost Haunt," which by its very frrue someness attracted a ]an;e share of patronage. Mis 3 F. Priest and Hiss Sack contributed songs. In the evening Mr. Harry Lyons gave a lentriloquial entertainment. The stalls were presided over thus: —Fancy staS—Lady Colton, Mxsdames Madge, Colwell. Wheatley, Kickards, and Machin, and Miss Colton. Plain needlework stall—Mesdamea Casely, Wilson, layers, Thompson, Maley, Long, and Leak. Friit and flowers—MsKfames Booytbon, Hill, and Lathlean. Provision stall—Mesdames Chinner, Cotton, Langsford, Boigess, Koonse vell, and Kunge. Sweet stall—Muses Coombe, Lillian Davis, Hill, and Edith Bonython. Befr/sbroent stall — Mesdames D&vidson;, Craven. Drew. Berry, and May field, and Muses Gully. Davidson, Attken. and Drew. The festival waa well attended and satisfactory business was done in tho wares offered for sale. The fair will be continued to-day. An excellent programme has been provided for the evening. It ia stated that the right hand, which is more sensitive to the touch than tha left, ia less sensitive than tha latter to tho effect of heat ox cold. 