ilKUS Mil CHAPTER XXI —(Continued). They have reached the gate. Longworth is about to answer, but Monsieur Durand. comes up at the moment and joins thom. 'I have been waiting for you, Petite,' he says : ' Ion jonr, Mr. Longworth. Are you tho originator of this philanthropic scheme 1 hear them discussing, or is it Miss ^ Hariott . 'What philanthropic scheme?' inquires Longworth, shortly. 'I have originated none.' 'Then It must be the ever-excellent Miss Hariott ! A scheme to help these poor people, killed in the last mill explosion the other day ' As these poor people are dead and buried, Monsieur Durand, I should imagine they were past helping by any scheme, however philan thropic,' interrupts Longworth, grimly. ' Ah ! pardon,' Durand laughs, ' it is that I express myself so badly. No, no, to help the families, the widow, and the orphan. I have left them discussing the project instead of playing the croquet, and waiting for you to come. Could they decide upon anything in this town without you, monsieur, I ask ?' He asks it with a shrug, and a smile at Heine, and Eeine hastily interposes, for she Bees an ominous knitting of Longworth's brows. 'I dare say Miss Hariott did originato it,' she says ; ' she is one of the chief sufferers always by the dvoadfnl things — she bleeds in heart and pocket alike. What is the present proposal, Leonce ?' ' Proposal. Their name is legion. A fancy fair, says one lady, a charity ball says another, a concert says a third, with M. Durand for primo tenore, and Mademoiselle Heine for prima-donna. I say no, no, no, to all — let us have a play.' ' I second the motion,' says Miss Hariott, when they have approached. ' What do you say, Prank ?' ' I say nothing,' says Prank, sulkily. Prank would die at the stake sooner than coincide with any idea of Durand's. Durand laughs in his airy fashion, and lays one white and shapely hand on Dexter's stalwart shoulder. ' Francois, man ami ? ' 'My name's Prank,' growls Mr. Dexter, still more sulkily. ' Ecouter, mon char Prank ? ' ' Speak English if you want to talk to me, Mister Durand.' He shakes off the hated hand, and moves away, closer to Miss Landelle's side. I 'Listen, then, Prank, and all of jou messieurs ond mesdames. I say let us have a play — a play is my strong point. I will be stage manager. I will tsko all the labour of arrangements upon 'myself — you shall do nothing but accept your parts, and cover yourselves with distinction.' 'Ah ! cover ourselves with distinction !' repeats Miss , Hariott, with a groan, 'what fiendish sarcasm is here ?' 'What say you, Eeine?' inquires Long worth, smiling, and Heine lifts two eyes danc ing with delight. ' Tou look as if you might like it.' ' Monsieur, to perform in a play is the one unsatisfied ambition'of my life !' ' And of mine,' chimes in Miss Hariott ; ' let me strut my little hour upon the stage, and I die happy.' ' It isn't half a bad idea,' says Mr. Beck with, coming up, 'it's new, and nice, and ?will nav. Pairs are bores, a ball this hot weather is not to be thought of, and picnics are played out. I say a play.' ' A play ! a play ! my kingdom for a play !' cries little Mrs. Beckwith, dancing up. ' Mr. Durand, you are a perfect angel !' ' Ah ! madame,' says M. Durand, and re moves his hat, and lays his hand upon his heart ; ' as you arestrong, be merciful ! Tour lightest word of praise overpowers me.' Prank looks on and listens with a face of unmitigated disgust. What a little simper ing fool that wife of Beckwith's is, he his chattering monkeys Frenchmen invariably are ! charitably thinking ; and what grinning, ' Let us form a committee of ways and means,' says Beckwith, ' and let us decide the matter at ?once. Here's a cool place under these trees — let us sit down. Now then, monsieur, you're the leader and chief of this project — what's the play to begin with ?' A confusion of tongues immediately ensues. ' ' The Lady of Lyons,' ' cries, shrilly, Mrs. Beckwith; 'I will play Pauline, and M. Durand the fascinating Claude Melnotte.' ' Did ever a collection of amateur noodles murder a good drama, I wonder, without beginning with ' Tho Lady of Lyons ?' ' comments Mr. Dexter, still disgusted, to Miss Marie. Miss Marie smiles, reposes under her pink parasol, listens and takes no part in the dis cussion. Some one proposes ' Macbeth,' with Mr. O'Sullivan as the Thane of Cawdor, and Miss Hariott as the tremendous heroine. This is oyer-ruled with much laughter. ' Hamlet' is ambitiously asked for next by Mr. Beckwith ; Durand can play Hamlet, Mr.B. opines, he rather looks like that sort of thing, aud he might throw a little originality mto^ the performance by singing a French comic song, say in tho grave-digging scene, or just before the ghost enters. He, Mr. Beck with, thinks he might distinguish himself as the Ghost. This, too, meets with objection. Then they diBcussthe ' School for Scandal «m^0reMr-Beckwith takes high moralground. The School for Scandal' isn't proper, by George, and he isn't going in for what is not strictly virtuous aud correct. No married man ought to countenance such a rascal as Joseph Surface, and Charles was not much better. Saw it played once in Boston, and was sorry ho took Mrs. B. The man who wrote it ought to be ashamed of himself. 'Speaking of ' Tho School for Scandal,' vrhat do you say to Sheridan's other comedy ?? The Rivals, inquires Durand; 'it is not beyond ordinary amateur histrionic efforts, and Mr. Beckwith's moral scruples do not apply. Tou have all seen ' The Rivals, I suppose ?' Tes, all had seen ' The Rivals' — it would do capitally. ' Lot me see,' saysDurand, frowning reflec tively ; there aro enough of us, I think. Tou can all learn your parts this week, next Monday we can have our first rehearsal, and the Monday night following shall be the night big with fato. We will have rehearsal every morning at ten. M. Longworth, you will make an excellent Captain Absolute. Mr. Dexter pleaso consider yourself Captain Absolute's father tho stormy Sir Anthony. Reinc, look upon yourself from this hour as tho ever charming Mecs Lydia Languish. Madamo Sheldon, whom I regret not to see here, will make a most admirable Lucy.' 'If Mrs. Sheldon takes any part,' says Rcine, slowly and decidedly, ' I decline to play.' Without a moment's warning this bomb shell explodes in the midst- of the party. Everybody is strickcn mute, everybody stares. Longworth turns and looks at her keenly, Miss Hariott seems astonished, Marie opens her soft, sleepy eyes, Durand alone takes it coolly. ' All ! well,' he says, gaily, ' a lady's caprice is a thing to be respected, not ques tioned. We omit that so charming Madamo Sheldon, from our crops dramatique. Madame Beckwith, will you condescend to accept the character of the vivacious and sprightly Lucy ?' 'Is it a good part?' inquires Mrs. Beck with, not best pleased at the preference given Mrs. Sheldon. ' Have I considerable to say ? can I wear pretty dresses ?' ' One of the principal parts, and you can dress as bewitcliingly as you please. ' Lucy's only a waiting-maid, my dear, and drops out of sight altogether about the second act,' chuckles Mr. Beckwith. 'Tou'll have to wear a cap and a duster, a white apron with pockets, and a dress down to your ankle a. Chambermaids always dress like that on the stage.' ' But these nice proprieties need not be ob served by amateurs,' interposes Miss Hariott, soothingly. ' Lucy's is a delightful part, and you may get up the most coquettish little costume imaginable. Nothing could suit you better. M. Durand, if you do not cast me for Mrs. Malaprop I will never forgive you.' ' Mees Hariott, consider yourself Mrs. Malaprop ; I foresee you will electrify us in the role. Marie,' he turns abruptly, an in stantaneous change in tone and face. ' Tou know the play well — will you perform Julia to my Faulkland ?' ' I will spoil the performance. I have no talent whatever. Select some one else,' she answers, with a shrug. ' Pardon. Do you forget I have seen you in private theatricals before ?' Tes, in that very character. As a favour to me — I do not of ton ask favonrs — play Julia.' There is a curious silcnce. Prank Dexter scowls blackly, Reine watches her sister with sudden eagerness, Durand never moves his glance from her face, Marie meets that glance full, a sort of hard defiance in her handsome eyes. ' Tou need not. put it in that earnest way, Monsieur Durand. If you, as manager and proprietor, wish it, and no one else objects, I am quite willing to oblige.' ' A thousand thanks ! Tou will play Julia ? . ' I will make the attempt.' 'And you are the jealous lover ! Tou select a thankless role, M. Dorand,' observes Long worth. ' It is one he can perform, too, I'll be bound, says Mr. Beckwith. ' Dark-complected men, with black eyes and moustaches, always make first-rate jealous lovers or first-rate murderers. Tou don't intend to leave me out in the cold, I hope, a looker-on in Vienna ?' ' By no means. We want a Bob Acres. Tou will be Bob Acres.' ' Capital, faith,' says Mr. O'Sullivan, who has been lounging in the outskirts ; ' he was mado for the character. Are you going to do nothing for me, Mr. Stage Manager ?' . 'Need you ask? There is Sir Lucius O'Trigger. Are you not tha very man we want ?' 'Better and better. Upon me life, if I am the success I think I'll be, in this, my. debut, I'll retire from pen, ink, and paper for; ever — sure literature's a pernicious profession all the world knows — and take to light comedy. 'Ah ! TOR littlo fri PTirl' ' qo.vh O'KvillvmvTi hm. ing to Beckwith, and quoting from the part assigned him, ' ' if we had Blunderbuss Hall here, I could show you a range of ancestry in the O'Trigger line, every one of whom had killed his man. For though the mansion house and dirty acres have slipped through . my fingers, thank Heaven ! our honour and the family pictures are as fresh as ever.' I'm to fight a duel with somebody, I forget who.' ' Tou will discover to-morrow,' says Durand. ' Every one is satisfied with his or her role, I hope. I do not think we can do better.' But where were ever private theatricals in which the performers were satisfied with their parts ? Mr. Dexter, for instance, still out of humor, grumbles audibly with the part assigned him. Sir Anthony Absolute, a blustering old heavy father, stumping ridicul ously about the stage, and making an elderly ass of himself — a pretty part to assign him ! He feels sure he would shine as Faulkland, in a suit of black velvet ; but no — Durand, in his ! beastily selfishness, must keep that to himself for the sale purpose of making love to Marie. Mrs. Beckwith would have preferred Lydia Languish to Lucy. Marie looks bored by the whole business. Miss Hariott, alone brisk aud satisfied, announces hor intention of re turning instantly home, and bearing Reino with her, to begin their studies without a second's loss of time. ' What an exceedingly versatile gentleman M. Durand happens to bo,' she observes on the way ; ' ho seems to know a little of every thing under the sun. Was he ever an actor, little Queon p' ' He_ is an opora singer,' R6ine says, in a low voice. 'He sings charmingly, I allow; and al though 'I do not overmuch like M. Durand it is impossible to really dislike any one with such a voice. What a good gift it is. ' Tou say you do not like him ?' Reine repeats. 'Why, madame?' ' How can I tell ? He is handsome, he is agreeable, ho is polite, but still, ' I do not like you, Doctor Fell ;' it is that sort of unreason able Doctor Fell feeling. I know some one olse who does not like him oither, Petite Reine.' . ' Tou mean Mr. Dexter ?' ' No, my dear, I don't. . I mean Mr. Long worth.''': „.fa I ' And yet — poor Leonce — what has ho dono that any of you should disliko him ? ' Have you never disliked and distrusted any one, Petite, without why or wherefore ? How long docs he remain in Baymouth ? ' I do not know. Until the end of Sep tember, I believe.' 'Reine,' says Miss Harriott, abruptly, ' when are you going to be married ?' 'Married! Mon Dieu!' exclaims Reinc, reddening and laughing nervously. 'What a startling question.' ' Why startling ? Tou aro engaged, arc you not ? And marriage is the customary climax, of engagement.' ' Not always.' ' Petite, what do you mean ? I can see, I havo seen for some time that there is some thing between you and Laurence that is not as ifc should be. Dear, I was so glad when I heard he had chosen you, so glad my Little Queon was to be his wife.' 'Tes,' Reinc says, smiling, but with fi quiver of the voicc, ' and not jealous at all ?' 'I shall be sorry to lose my friend,' replies Miss Hariott, steadily, ' and a man is lost as a friend who marries. But I knew lie would marry some time, and I was glad lie chose you — glad, thankful, happy.' 'Tes,' Reine murmurs, softly, again, 'it was best.' 'Tou had vowed never to like him, goes on Miss Hariott, with a smile ; 'you tried hard to make yourself believe you did not like him ; but, oh ! child, I saw through it all, and I read your heart better than you read it yourself, and I know you care for him strongly, truly, deeply, and well.' The dark face droops guiltily, deep red burn ing on either cheek. ' And he gave you his whole heart. Reine, do you know what a good gift the love of a true man is ? I saw all from the first ; I saw, too, that you both were proud and perverse, and misunderstood, and would not show what you felt. Still, this sort of thing rights itself in time if let alone, and everything' was be ginning to go on as I wished, when lo ! this young Durand comes on the carpet and spoils all.' ' Spoils all ? How ?' said Reine, defiantly. ' M. Durand has nothing' to do with it. Is he not my brother ?' ' I don't believe in that sort of brother,' retorts Miss Hariott, cynically, ' unless he is fifty and humpbacked. Leonce Durand has one of the most beautiful faces any male creature ever wore ; your regard for him is plain for all the world to see ; and Laurence is only man, and very mortal, my dear, and he is jealous, and everything is going wrong.' ' He has no right to be jealous,' Reine flashes out. ' I hs- ve told him what Leonce and I are to each other. He has no right to think of me as he does.' ' My dear, right has nothing to do with it. When love begins to weigh things, and bal ance the right and tho wrong, it ceases to be love. It is the most supremely unwise and unreasoning passion on earth. It makes the wise man a madipian, the miser a spendthrift, the savant a simpleton. He is jealous unreas- . onably, if you like ; so is Frank Dexter with still less reason ; and until Durand goes, so both will remain. Take my advice, Reine, and send your little French brother away.' ' No !' cries Reine. ' I am not my brother's keeper. He shall stay as long as he pleases. With Mr. Longworth's doubts, and fears, and fancies I have nothing to do. If he chooses to suspect me unjustly, let him. I will not lift a finger to set him right.' ' Reine, take care ! Tou will regret this.' ' Very likely — I regret many things.' 'You do not know him as I do. He will bear until he thinks endurance ceases to be a a virtue, and then ? ' ' Wen, madame, and then ? ?' The dark head lifts haughtily. 'All will end between you, and you will be the one to suffer most. It is always the woman who suffers most.' . 'Do you suppose M. Longworth could suffer for the loss or gain of any woman ?' the girl says, scornfully. 'If so, do him justice — he is quite above any such weakness. For tbe rest, I say, and say again, if he chooses to suspect me unjustly, let him. I will not try to set him right. If he cannot trust me, then the sooner he gives me up the better.' ' Wilful !' says Miss Hariott, shaking her head ; 'head-strong both of you, and proud as Lucifer. Tou are well matched — either of you would die before you would yield an inch.' x nave noming lu yieiu. x uo nou suspect him. I am not jealous.' 'My little Norman girl, we weaker vessels must yield or break. If I did not like yon and Laurence both so well, I would wash my hands of yonr ante-matrimonial squabbles — like a sensible maiden lady, who has had the wisdom to steer clear of them herself ; but I do like you, and cannot give you up, that is the truth. Here we are — come in and stay the evening. Larry shall take you home.' Reine remains willingly enough, and they peruse ' The Rivals,' and take tea together in the pretty room, -with the evening sunshine glinting on tbe china, and the flowers in the centre of the table. Later Longworth comes and Reine sings for them, while they sit as usual in the twilight and talk. The moments are charmed ; ten comes far too soon, and Reine looks round the pleasant room as she rises to go. ' What a pretty houso this is,' she says. ' I wished I lived with you, Mees Hariott, and we could grow old gracefully together, ? drinking tea, reading books, singing songs.' 'Mr. Longworth,' says Miss Hariott, ' what do you think of the programme ? Are you willing ? Because nothing would please me better, and I woujd guard Petite like a fiery dragon from the Scylla and Charybdis of man , and matrimony. What do you say ?' Longworth laughs. ' Nothing to you ; I shall endeavour to change mademoiselle's opinion on the way home. I promise to provide her with tea ad naitseam, books, and songs ad libitum , if she will consent to live with me instead of vou.' 'When?' J ' Ah ! when ? Who knows ? The when is for Reine. In the vague and indefinite future. But don't you go and poison her mind with your baleful anti-matrimonial doctrines, con firmed vestal that you are ! Petite, I never told you,' he turns to her, his eyes laughing, ' that I once asked Miss Hariott to marry me.' ' No,' says Reine, coolly, ' but she has.' ' Did she tell you also that she refused me ?' 'I beg your pardon,' interposes MisB Hariott, ' I never refused you. Tou did not press for an answer, and I simply reserved my decision. I still resorve it, arid some day when you stand tlie'bridegroom of another, at the voij altar, I may stride forward an awful Nemesis, and forbid the banns. It. is mv right.' . * ' M. Longworth should be used to rejections by this time,' says Mademoiselle Reine ; 'he appears to have been singularly unfortunate in his affairs of the heart. Repeated blows, however, harden substances already hard by nature, do they not ?' ' Ah ! Tou know all about ifc, I see. Tes, I have been most unfortunate in the past ; lot us hope the future* will make amends.' 'Does not the present?' inquires MisB Hariott. ' Not satisfactorily. Good-night, fair hostess. Don't let the small hours find you studying tho wit and wisdom of Mrs. Malaprop.' They go home through tho sweet-smelling, faintly warm darkness of the August night, meeting few, speaking little, supremely - con tent in their hidden hearts, to be together and alone. ' Reine,' ho says, gently, ' what did you mean by refusing to play if Mrs. Sheldon was to bo one of us?' 'Need you ask?' she answers, calmly. ' Leonce tore up his lettor in his room, set fire to the fragment, and threw them in the grate. One portion escaped and was found. Who, think yon, in that house, would take the troublo to write an anonymous letter, and inclose it ? Mrs. Sheldon was once your affianced. . There are those who say she aspires to the position still. Do you think that letter was the work of a servant ?' Longworth answers nothing ; ho has been thinking the matter over himself. But when the subject is renewed by Mrs. Sheldon her self, as sho stands alone with him next day, ho speaks. 'Tou are engaged to Miss Reine Landelle, Laurence,' she says, with emotion, and her hankerchief to her eyes ; ' she can do nothing wrong in your regard, I know, but I thought at least yon were my friend — old times might surely have made you that. I never — no, I never thought you would stand quietly by and hear me insulted.' Longworth looks at her cynically, unmoved by the falling tears. ' I would leave old times out of the question if I were you, Totty,' he answers. ' As for Mademoiselle Reine, what would you have? I couldn't knock her down. Freedom of speech is a lady's prerogative ; and besides, I am not sure that I do not rather admire 1 er spirit.' ' Laurence ! Admire her for insulting me ! Oh ! this is cruel indeed !' ' Don't cry, Mrs. Sheldon — there are few ladies whose beauty is improved by tears. Shall I really tell you why she spoke as. she did?' ' If you please. If you know.' ' I know. Up stairs in his room, one day last week, Monsieur Durand tore up and burned tho fragments of a letter. One frag- - ment escaped, and was picked up by some one in this house — was inclosed in a vile, anony mous letter, and sent to me. The letter was in a woman's hand — disguised. I showed it to Mademoiselle Reine Landelle, and she formed her own surmise as to the writer. I have no more to say ; only, in my own defence I shall burn any further nameless communica tions. Time to start for the office, I see. Good-morning, Laura.' CHAPTER XXII. ' THE RIVALS' — ON THE STAGE AND OFF. Through the pleasant afternoon, Mr. Long worth, of the Phcenix, saunters up to make a call upon his friend, Miss Hariott. It is as well to say Miss Hariott, although he is pretty certain to find Mademoiselle Reine Landelle there, as well. The windows of the little cottage stand open, and a smile breaks over his face as ' he draws near, for he can plainly hear Mrs. Malaprop and Miss Languish vehemently gabbling their parts. He leans his folded arms on the window-sill, and looks at the two actresses who, in the spirit of true artists, pay no heed to their audience, but go on. ' There, Sir Anthony ! ' exclaims Mrs. Mala prop, pointing a derisive finger at her fair companion, ' there stands the deliberate simple- ' ton who wants to disgrace her family, and lavish herself on a fellow not worth a shilling!' (Reine- — as Lydia Languish) — ' Madame, I thought you once ? ' (Mrs. Malaprop) — 'Tou thought, miss! I 1 don't know what business you have to think at all ! thought does not become a young woman. But the point we would request of you is, that you will promise to forget this ' fellow — to illiterate him, I say, from your memory.' Longworth glances at Reine, his smile fad ing. He is thinking of Durand — the words seem to apply. Perhaps Reine is also, for the pathos of her tone is very real as she answers : ' Ah ! madam, our memories are independ ent of our wills. It is not so easy to forget, (Mrs. M.) — ' But I say it is, Miss ! There is nothing on earth so easy as to forget, if a person chooses to set about it. I'm sure I have as much forgot your poor dear uncle as if he had never existed, and I thought it my duty so to do ; and let me tell you, Lydia, these violent memories don't become a young woman.' Here there is some gentle applause from the window. Miss Hariott delivers this speech as if she meant it. ' Madame,' says Lydia, still- pathetically, ' what crime have I committed to be treated thus?'' ' . ' Will you promiso to do as you are bid ?' demands Mrs. Malaprop, severely. ' Will you take a husband of your friends' choos ing?' ' ? ' ' Madame,' responds Lydia, emphatically, and casts a defiant glance at the window, 'I must tell you plainly that had I no preference for any one else, the choice you have mado would bo my aversion.' ' And what business have you, miss ?' cries Mrs. Malaprop, in a fine fury, ' with prefer ence and aversion? They don't become a young- woman ; and you ought to know that as both always wear off, 'tis safest in matrimony to begin with a little aversion.' ' Larry says the speaker, descending from tho heights of Malaprop fco be Miss Har iott once more, ' come in, if you want to. I can't do myself justice with you looking on, and, besides, Lydia doesn't half know her lines. Take your book, miss, and go study. Let me toll you it does not become a young woman to only half know hor lesson.' Reine laughs, picks up her book, and dis appears. Longworth enters and takes his customary chair. ' Where is Mrs. Dexter ?' he asks. For two days beforo Mrs. Dexter had ar rived in Baymouth, as per promiso, and is Miss Hariott's guest. ' Gone to call upon Mrs. Windsor. Like the best and most obediont of littlo mothers, she has fallen in love with Marie, because her big boy has told her to do so. She sings her praises until I grow idiotic, listening. Sho is the prottiest creature the sun shines cn — so gcntlo, so sweet, so affectionate, and as Mrs. Windsor's heiress, fitting match even for Long worth's heir. Laurence,' she lays dowu tho work she has taken up and looks at liim earn estly, ' I wonder if that unfathomable girl means to marry poor Frank ?' ' Can sho do better !' ' No-o. And slio doesn't seem the kind to havo had prior attachments. I think if the lovely Marie were vivisected, her heart might bo put in a filbert shell. Reine, self-willed, perverse, liottempered, is worth a thousand of her. She has a heart, of gold for him who is able to win it.' ' Ah ! but the winning is such uncommonly uphill work,' says Longworth, lazily, but with an amused look in his eyes, ' and tho question that naturally presents itself to an inquiring mind, is : Is tlie gamo worth tho candle ?' '' ' Tho man who could ask such a question ? ' begins Miss Hariott, vehemently. Thon sho stops and takes up her- work. ' I won't say another word !' she exclaims. 'Ton are ready to sit there snd abuso her for tho next hour for the pleasure of hearing me contradict you ! I won't do ifc Longworth laughs, and silence falls. Out side tho faint sea breeze stirs among the Sep tember flowers, bees boom in ' wave swung lilies and wind-swung roses,' the sharp crack of tho grass-liopper pierces the hot, dry grass. Reine appears to have totally vanished, The day is the day so long expected, so much talked of, and to-night Baymouth is to be electrified by tho grand amateur performance of ' The Rivals.' For the last ten days dress makers havo been busy, costumes have been sent for, rehearsals havo being going on. A crowded house is expected ; a very little goes a long way in Baymouth. There arc daily re hearsals, and daily squabbles, despair and frenzy on the part of Monsieur Durand, chronic sulkiuess on tho part of tho perfor mers. Tho manager's task is a horculean one, the drilling of these raw recruits a formidable and thankless undertaking, but after a fashion he accomplishes it. Among the refractory corps Frank Dexter is perhaps the most incorrigible, the most maddeningly pig-headed. Frank, who takes umbrage at the manager's most innocent remarks, who stands in tlie wings and scowls like a demon, daily, during the love passages between Faulkland and his insipid Julia. And perhaps since the character was first performed it was never rendered so utterly flat, stale, nnd vapid as in the hands of Miss Marie Landelle. Faulkland may rave, may glare, may spout his gloomy speeches as im passionedly as mortal man may, he awakens no answering responso in that cool bosom. Miss Landelle, her radiant hair falling like a glory about her, her beautiful eyes fixed upon him, repeats her lines without falter or mistake, no more emotion in face or voice than if she were a talking doll. And it is a noticeable fact that except when they address each other in character, they seldom address each other at all. M. Durand is scrupulously polite to mademoiselle, his cousin ; he has a trick of furtively watching her, too, which Frank sees with silent rage. A sort of restraint is growing up between him and Reine also, which Mr. Longworth sees, and of which he highly approves. The manner of this last gentleman is that of a duellist on guard, coldly courteous but ever watchful and suspicious. Frank, on the contrary, makes open war, rebels boldly, and in sight of all, against the self-constituted authority of the stage-manager. ' Frank, mon cher,' will say M. Durand, in his bright, eager way, ' don't stand in that rigid and uunataral attitude. Stand at ease. Don't use your legs and arms as if they belonged to some one else, and were made of glass, and you were afraid the slightest move ment might break them.' ' Mr. Durand,' Frank replies with elab orate politeuess, ' will it suit your conveni ence if I have a few of my limbs amputated ?* My legs and arms appear to have ruined your peace of mind ever since this performance be gan. I will cheerfully submit to the operation so.oner than they should continue to cause you the perpetual suffering they seem to do !' Or it will be this : ' M. Dexter,' Durand will say, pathos in his, voice, despair in his face, ' don't stand with the back of your head to the audience, I beg of you, I entreat of you, turn a better face to the house.' ' I haven't got any better face,' returns M. Dexter, with sudden smothered fury ; 'if the house doesn't like my face, the house needn't look at it. What do I want standing staring at your audience, and be hanged to them like a gaby, when I've got nothing to say to them ?' But the evening is here, and a great throng with it. Baymouth musters well to enjoythe blunders and breakdowns of tho amateurs. At eight every seat is filled, and the orchestra is in full blast — silent expectations* of fun to come fillB the house. Behind the sccnes dire confusion and flutter obtain, people with painted faces and wigged heads rush franti cally to and fro, little yellow- covered books, in their hands, gabbling idiotically. M. Durand, in tho dress of the sombre .Faulk land, is ubiquitous, gesticulating, imploring, beseeching, trying madly to evoke order out of chaos. In the midst of the confusion, worse confounded, up goes tho curtain, and on go Fag and the Coachman ! And here the fun-expectant audience are not disappointed. Memory and voice fore sake them two poor players instantaneously, at sight of that sea of eager faces, aud twink- j ling eyes. In vain the prompter roars in a liu3ky and frautic whisper, painfully audible j to all present but the two unfortunates for i whom it is intended. ' Come off !' at last j despairingly is tho cry, and Fag and tho j Coachman go off wiser and sadder men. Tho opening scene closes in humiliating and abject defeat, and Baymouth titters audibly, and feels it is getting it's money's worth. (To be continued.) The Registrar in Bankruptcy delivered judg ment on Saturday morning on the application of William Sidney Preddy, tenr. Tbe bankrupt was a ti'nber merchant, carrying on busine&B; in Sydney and at Nambucca. The estate was sequestrated in May. 1806. The unseoured liabilities amounted JS7743. Debts had been proved to the amount of ?£6847, and a dividend 10s in the £ had been paid. The Registrar said the private arrangement between Broad and bankrupt was scandalous. The bankrupt had committed a grave offence against the law of fair dealing. To pasB it over with any light suspicion would be to render the Bankruptcy Act ineffective. Also, another offence which bankrupt had admitted was continu ing to trade after knowing himself to be insolvent. He therefore -Buspended the certificate for three yeare from April 30 last. 