ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. : DOCTORS PRONOUNCKD CASE HOPE LESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN ALL THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the A ustri/ian Workman.) Our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was dis covered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You'want to know all about my case V Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering 7" " About five-and-half years ago I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath i"> Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." '' What were the symptoms." " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like a3 if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowles or bladder and was a nuisance myself and every one else. I was incessantly shiver ing and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. "I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclu sion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar- disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that 1 might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) "Well, just a as drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People, i read in the advertisement of a case w hich seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams's Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. Von see those crutches there They arc per fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken4he baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams's Pink Pills saved his life ard made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, anil all the feeling has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at anj-time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." WHAT MR. LABOR-LHADKR M'GOYVKX KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.l'., loader of the labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was also seen in connection with the remarkable case of Mr. Thomas Jar vis. He .says he ha.s kiftmn Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that .Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance ofhis recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pro pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowan was, therefore, like everyone eise-who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, lum bago and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as anemia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache and hysteria. They are not a purgative medi cine, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams's Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the. Dr. Williams Medicine Company, Salisbury Buildings, Queen-street, Melbourne, who will forward (post paid), on receiptof stamps or post order one box for 23 9d, or half-dozen for] us 3d. 