The Poet (?) Sladen. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,--Our mutual friend "Yel- dap" has, in his spare moments, hunted up some "Australian" poetry of an unique character. Sheridan Moore and Roderick Flanagan we all know--and many will have a hazy recollection of a party o' the name o' Sladen--not the politician but the professor of something or other at Sydney University. In his own counterie Mr Sladen has, by almost superhuman effort, and diligence worthy of a better cause, induced people to read his rhyme and accept him as a poet. Out here people were not so easily pleased--either with the Sladen rhymes or Sladen lectures. Some of your towns- men will remember his little talkee-talkee at the School of Arts, and how he was laughed at for his innocence in supposing that the good folk of Windsor were ravenously hungry for HIS intel- lectual pabulum. I myself have a very lively recollection of the man's chatter anent the Cloisters of Oxford, his conceit and aflectation. And now "Yeldap" worries us with his ghost, embodied in the POME headed "At Windsor, N.S.W., in Winter"--in which, to appear learned, probably, he seeks to mystify his readers with the "beaches" and "gardens" at "Brighthelmstone" and comparing them with something he saw at Windsor. "Yeldap," for the benefit of those who do not know, very kindly explains that Bright- helmstone is none other than the modern Bright- on, or "London-super-mare." But why, O, Sladen! worry us with so long a name when the shorter and every-day name is much better? And why, O, pote, strain after effect by endeavouring to conjure up in your mind a likeness between Hawkesbury corn fields and Brighton downs--for there are no fields, worth mentioning, near Brighton--and I know it well, having spent my happiest days of boyhood there. As a matter of fact, there are no two places more dissimilar. All around Brighton, except the sea side, is open down- treeless and houseless. These downs are famous for their muttons--the famous "South Downs," the "Devil's Dyke," and Chalybeate Springs--from which the beautiful sparkling pale ale for which Brighton is noted is brewed. But for downright silliness, poverty of thought, and slovenly construction--Sladen's "At Windsor, etc," bangs all poetic creation. This is quite awful--awfully awful--and sets one's teeth on edge:-- Like the flattest of pebbles thrown For a duck and a drake on the summer sea By the children at Brighthelmstone. Yet Mr Sladen was Professor of English at our University. Be it remembered that his uncle was Sir Charles, a Victorian Premier, and that "kissing goes by favour," True, there are plenty of pebbles on Brighton beach, and there are also summer areas; though what connection either could have with the "Indian Corn" growing on Hawkesbury Bottoms, it is difficult to conceive. There are a few lagoons about Windsor, and a few duck ponds outside Brighton--where boys DO shie stones along the surface to make ducks and drakes, and sail miniature yachts; and here some resemblance MIGHT exist, though very small. Anyway, I protest against Douglas B. W. Sladen being classed as an Australian poet; if he is dying for fame, let him die, and then his cenograph may be set up in old St Nicholas' Church-yard along- side the tomb of Phœbe Hessel--the woman soldier; and on it might be cut deep: A little mind courteth notoriety, to illustrate its puny self. Yours, &c.;, PAUL TWYFORD. 