)HE DISAPPOINTMENT OP LADY POEDYCE. “Beally, Arthur, It Beam? quite pro ddential that you should come nnnio just iow to help me in this great difficulty,” laid Lady Fordyoe plaintively, as she landed her big bronzed step-son a tiny cup vhioh seemed almost distressingly fragile n his brown fingers. “ You always were so lensible and good.” ^ Colonel Fordyoe suppressed a smile. He lad not always been’a persona grata to the lady who appealed to him so touohingly; and he had a vivid recollection of the days Evhen he had been unceremoniously bundled jut of her ladyship’s life, in order that she oilght be reminded an little as possible ef his very inconvenient existe-ce. “ I am sure J ehall be glad if I oan assist yon,” he said politely. “ But don’t expect too much of me. For one thing, I have been in the East so long that I have lost touch of aooloty, I dareuay X am sn infant of days compared with Horaoe.” .»* Oh, Horaoe 1” Baid Lady Fordyce, tap ping oa the dainty table with a silver tea spoon to indioato a dramatic ■ disappoint ment. X oan do nothing with Horaoe. He used to bo traotable enough. But sinos this mad infatuation-” "Who is she ?" asked the Colonel, with soarcely a shado of interest in his Hleepy “ She is thirty-five if she is a day,” oried Lady Fordyoe in deep exasperation. 11 Thirty-five, and what iB Horaoe ?—a boy ! And as good-looking as he is he might mate an oxoellent marriage, though ho is only the youngest bou— don't think I grudge you your luck,” she added with Bmeoth quick ness, “for really it is an unspeakable comfort to have yon to tarn to in such a difficulty,” Why, most young men fall in love with women older than themselves,” said Colonel Fordyoe, smiling. “ It is a natural phase— so I am told at leaBt.” “ Were you through it ?” “ Mate non—honestly.” “I wonder if you were ever—that Is, If you ever thought ef getting married. Bat, of course, you have come home partlv for that!’ “ Mp dear Lady Ferdyce, i don't think I shall ever moiry.” “ So much the better for Horace,” was the -thought reflected In Lady Fordyoe’s eyes. But she only said cheerfully, “ Oh, wait until you moec with some ' f onr nice homo-country girls—not at nil like the Anglo-Indian ladies—who muBt be a queer lot if Bndyard Kipling-” " They are like other women—all sorts,” said the Colonel. '* But meanwhile, this affair of Horace’s. And it conoeraB you bIbo. When yon marry yonr wifo won’t like to have a slBtor-in-law whe drops her ' h'e ’ and mls-Bpells words in her invitations.” “ In these days of universal edncaticn -” began the Colonel. “ 0h, bother J ’ oried Lady Fordyoe im patiently. “ Excuse me, Arthnr, but you remind me ever so muah of your father. He was a doar, good man, but when he began to make little speeches-” “ 1 wasn't going to make a speeoh.” "And don’t X toll you Eho must have been born ages before universal education ? T took the trouble to sea the woman. Goodness only knows what Horace oan lanoy in her. She has not a particle of colour ” — Lady Fordyoe took a faiat, momentary peep at her own reflection, where the transparent rose which had always been one of her pot attraotlone was just becomingly heightened by the labour of making tea and the proximity of the fire—“ sho’a a ghost rather thau a woman.” ” It doosn’t matter, ‘ Beauty is iu the eyes of the beholder,' don’c you know t Seriously, what do you expoot me to do ! I am willing to obey yen- in reason; but you muet surely know enough of human nature to bo aware that if I try to dissnade Horace from—pursuing this attachment, the chances are that the roce.lt is opposite to what you expect." •'You are quite right," ss.ld Lady Fordyoe, confidentially, “ andl have thought of a mnoh better plan. It flashed upon me like—like.an inspiration." “ Good,” said the Colonel;11 your plan of oampaign 2” *■ Why, of course ; what attracts her in Horaoe is h!s position and money.” “ Are all women bo meroenary ?” “Ninety-nine percent.,” asserted Lady Fordyce, with absolnte oonviotion. “Now —isn’t you Eee, Arthnr—if Horace la a good match you are ever so much a better ‘' Am I to immolate myself to save Horaoe ? Besides, it appears to me that the poEition is not materially Improved.” “ Oh, you are net so Btnpid 1 Why, yon need not commit yourself the Ioast little bit in the world." “ I see. I see,” meditated the Colenel. “Well?" “ Does rc strike yon as fair ?" “ Fair ? Is there anything unfair in it ? Not at all.” " Rather hard lines for the girl." “ Arthur, all that I want is to shew her in her trne colours and disillusionise my poor Horace, Really, one could-believe in witchcraft', her influence over him is so un accountable.” ' ‘ And what will Horaoe think of mo ?” “ He will thank yon, as I shall,” “ I am not quite so oortaln of hia grati tude, And 1 don't know that I quite Ilk -But, never mind, I will reconnoitre a little, and see what oan be accomplished. At the present time, if yon will excuse me, I’ll go down to the vineries and have a smoke. I hear a carriage arriving—aomo of yonr callers.” •* Don’t yon care to stay ?" “ You'll l6t me off this time. Auravoir,” and the colonel exeonted a strategic retreat through the conservatory. He shrugged hia shoulders a trifle at the sharp tonch of the Ootober breeze, which ought to have been warded by an overooat from an individual tropioally sensitised, and strode rapidly te the vineries. The door he opened so pre cipitately as to knock the cigar from the fingers of a smoker who had already taken refuge there. “ Confound the olnmsy door. Did I rap yonr knuokleB, Horace ?” " Eapped my Havana, at any rate. Came in, old man.” “Some of yonr- friends have jaBt ar “The Glenoarra-Saw thorn drive “ Don’t yon want-?" "Who? I? Rather not, thanks.” “ The Glencarr girls have grown np pretty, I hear.” "Oh, moderato. Well enough, if the mother would lot me alone about them. The maternal soap-boiler has endowod all the girls, you know." ” That doesn’t seom to bo such an in superable objection if the girls are nloe,” “ Well, but you know a man can’t. Hang it, Arthnr, what is the naa of it all when there is somebody else." “ I don’t pretend to an especially wide range of experiences ; bnt I’ve notlood that In oases of eBpeoially suitable marriages there Is an unfortunate tendency for somebody else to oocnr. But, perhaps, somebody else may be equally suitable, ” " Yon wouldn't think so,” said Horace, sulkily, knooking off a long grey finger of ash from his oigar; “ and the mother don’t think so. She’d suit me all right enough.” “ And you her ?” “ That’s the oontrarinoBS of thing?. She won’t have anything to say to me—in that line.” 11 Why, I thought," began the Colonel, staring at his brother in an unfeigned snr ^ " Oh, I see,” cried Horaoe. “ The mother has been giving you the Authorised Version. And you oome here very inno cent—pretending to know nothing about it —to get my confidence. That’s brotherly, Thank you.” " Pooh ! don’t be an ass, and get angry abont nothing,” said the Colonel, serenely. "It's rather interesting altogether. Infaot, the interest develops. Is there another Somebody Else in the case too ?” "There may be for all I knew,” said Horaoe, a little mollified, bnt still snllen. “ How did you oome to know her ?” " When the mother was at Ktviera—you know—that time I oaught pneumonia salmon- fishing. She nursed me, I had lodgings at Invereanld ; she stayed in the same house—the landlady was a helpless old idiet. It’s well for tho mother to make a fnsa? Why, I shouldn’t have been alive bnt for that girl.” " Case ef gratitude," thought the Colonel, and hia estimate of Horace rose aooordlngly. "Was she the landlady’s daughter?" “ Noj she works in a shop, A little sncy-work phop off the rquare. You know [nveroanld 2” . _ “ I need to know the town. Think X ihall run down some of tfceso dajB. I want rame things.11 “ Look here, Arthur, I’ll thank yon not to interfere." “ I’ll bo dlsorotlon personified,’ said the Dolonel, laughing. *' If you saw her you would understand ior yourself how baseless the mother’s pra iudiooa era. If you would talk her over, Arthur—for you know women oan make natters very unpleasant sometimes—and I occasionally think that the reason she won’t jay ‘ yes ’ as-” “ Barring the hypothetical somebody also,” suggested his Btep-brother, strolling away. “ Amusing I” he thought to himself. “ Commissioned on both sides. And havo I some home from India to piny Providence to Horaoe’B love affairs—I, who never—that Is-” And he fell into a reverie. It so chanced that Horace was called to London that evening on important business concerning the Government offioe to which he was attached, by way of the Btart.of a career. And the Colonel, having nothing better to do, found himself In Inveroauld, and was sauntering down tho ohili, mono tonous road which led under grey rainleBS Bkies from the station to the townbeforB he recollected that he had omitted the very necessary formality of discovering the name of the lady of whom he was In quest. “It don’t matter,” he mused, ‘'I shall ohanco finding her.” There was a little shop at the corner of the irregular open spaoe by oonrteiy oalled a square. It wore a forlorn and shrinking aspect, because the frontage of.the building receded as compared with the neighbouring erections on each side, and the ^stream of traffic—Buoh as It was—naturally drove on undiverted. To the right Hand a big grocer's shop blazed with light; te the left the varied windows of a draper’s, bedizened with 11 Cheap Sale ’’ tickots, oourted atten tion. Between them the little window, with Its single modest gaeJight, wa3 eclipsed. The entire contents of the display 'might have been bought for a sovereign. A few white muslin aprons and Shetland: scarfs soraened the unlighted interior of the shop, and in the foreground was arranged a sparse sprinkling of photograph frames, a box of thimbles, and a few skeins of silk. Instinct forced the Colonel to pause. “The place 1’’he said. “Now—whatdo [ want to buy 2 I think I want to buy soma photograph frames.” Next moment the tremulous bell on the door tingled as he entered. A girl glided from a back room, and con fronted him 6ver the counter. The Bhep was so dim that be could only see that she was petite of figure and dressed In black. “I went some—frames,” said Colonel Fordyoe, feeling suddenly that ho was play ing too Dearly the part of a spy. “ Yon have some in the window.” “ Yos. Like these 2 But I will light the gas—the days are so short now.” She brought a lighted taper from the regions beyond, and stood on tiptoe to reaah tho bracket. The Colonel looked oovortly across at her, as fcbe light fl joded suddonly over a pale face crowned with a heavy, twisted coronal of dead- gold hair faintly rippling back from the low wide teraplos. He started violently, - and the frame ho was fingering crashed to the ground, “ Yon ?—Fleecy “ I did not think you would reoognise me. Colonel Fordyoe,” said tho girl quietly.’ “ You know me “I know your voio9 when you spoke. Wa had heard that you were at Duncairn House.” 11 Wh7, Fleecy—Fleecy Windram,” ho repeated, holding her hand. “ I onght to say Miss Windram, of oonrse. Bat the old name comeB so readily to one’s lips . . . you oau’t think how it all comes back to me—and it was auoh a surprise to find you So very diffjrent were his last reoolleo tions cl '-r ! The big, roomy parlour of the vicarage, „wre hie boyhood’s home than his other house had ever been, lit by the leap ing firelight alone—against the open window, ooming and going, a black figure silhouetted on the golden west, the vicar studying hla next homily, himself on the rug, and a slight ohlld with rich, waves of golden hair failing beneath her waist—the “ Golden Fleece ” from which he had nicknamed her, teasing him for stories, or listening in rapt attention while he talked with her brother of the things they meant to do, being men— or at tho old piano which sang under her qniok young fingers. Happy, peaceful evenings of the past 1 remembered many a time under the baking drought of Indian skiei, as David might remember Bethle hem’s well! “And I tried to find you. I tried to learn something about you when I was coming home,” he said. “ How was it 7” “It would be a long story,” sho said Bteadlly; “ I daresay a story sufficiently common. You can infer it from the Ja3t chapter. . , . Do you care to look at the photograph frames! ’ The Colonel pushed away the frames, and they fell into a lLfctla heap on tho counter. “ I oame to Ece you,” ho said. “ I beard of you from my brother. But I hod no ider.a.” “ I nur3ed him through his illnoss,” Bhe Baid simply. Charlie died of pneumonia— if I had been near him—or anyone who understood, it would have beonso different. But your brother is making a mistake. Will you not persuade him so 7 I have told him so eften—he will persist In thinking ’’ "Do yon know why I made anch efforts to discover what had become of yon 7 It was because I oared for you, dear. I thought of you so often in India—I dreamed of ooming heme—to ask you to be my wife—to win you for myself. Is there any hope c f my dream ooming true 2” A wave of crimson surged slowly over her pale face, “Don’t ask mo, Arthur. I am ohenged, faded, worn with sorrow. My very name haB seemed a mookery to me. Felicia 1—it onght to have been Dolores.” He gathered her into his arms, “ It shall be a mookery no longer, dear est. We sh&li; be happy together—you and I. Let the dead bnry its dead.” “Oh, yes, it w»b a disappointment to ma,” said Lady Fordyoe to her best friend, as they sat taking chooolata together on a sunny terraoe at Mentone, “ I never thought Arthur would marry; and, of course, all Horaoe’s ohanoes are gone now. Still the dear boy is getting on so well; and now be Is engaged to a really nice girl with a great doM of money—though that is a secondary matter. One must reoonoile one Belf to things as thoy are. Bat it wsb a great disappointment,” 