& ANSWERS. 3RS TO CORRESPONDENTS irvicATinvs Intended tor publication. Mil a!! p should lie addressed to "TUB EDITOR or Tin ,^s,AN,"and to secure attention must,ineyenr , i-coiiipariied by the name and address of toe If.ir the satisfaction of the Editor. Nothing (inserted which does not reach the office before , Wednesday. n (Queensland).-'The native bear be Snn1(- family rathe Australian opos vini: squirrel*, while the three lmng 1 \vomb?t form., a distinct family by Your question was not ovcr , "i,"t owing to some accident, the answer rt didnot'appear ^ print Gaunt and I V' l.^lrwt, do work ol the kind re i .» You have omitted to comply with feriidif i"1"1 which app««- the head of the j 1 .< and Answers" column. .._Mjss Lcttic' Lind came to Australia . ;!l0 first Gaiety Company, which included N Hio Karren, Mr. Fred Leslie, and Miss) lii n,M in Melbourne.-"Quamby" writes: , ,v, ,>,il>)ic ball held in Melbourne I think, , i , kiii at the first grand hotel built in | borne. oaHed the Royal, in CoUins-atreet. I t 'raven comjiosed a song nboul it at the The Mistletoe Bough,' and the first verse | rile ''hncinfr l""gan at the Royal Hotel, inil til'1 squatters who came in the togs of nnl' tic liets are cheap, and now will I try j mis into pood company at the squatters' niil'l'Ik' clad if any of your subscribers could ll,e words of the rest of the song." Mr. in liis "Chronicles of Early Melbourne,' ili-it the first bachelors' ball held in Mel ,, ,'nl,k place on January 14, 18JO. The I S'rnnm was a new brick store in Market-street, In- Mr W. F. A. Ilucker. About 100 were All wont well until the members of | ?,nd obtained refreshments. Tliey "un ,'inioiislv stampeded" from the scone, and wl-meing came to a stop. After some delay, r Indies took it in turn to play the piano, tiie kill was resumed. It Is mentioned that Thomas W'ills's carriage, in which there to live ladies, got into a rut at the corner of urke-street and Swanston-street. The driver nit, bed off his seat, the horees bolted, dash iuto a tree growing in Svranston-street, and . five ladies were left "sprawling in the mud.' Finn makes no mention of any verses, Itlior doe? lie name the Royal Hotel, but states | l tin- three hotels then in Melbourne -were I Lamb, tlic Caledonian, and the Adelphi, e ,1f which, for some reason, was deemed suit-1 for the occasion. j,/"_Thc experiments of Tyndall and other sieists completely negatived the claim set up i-ars ago in favour of spontaneous gene it has been demonstrated that life does appear in any prepared infusions of vegetable ! animal matter, so long as the particles float i in the atmosphere are excluded, and only ire air admitted. The subject is dealt with I to] nilar form in Tyndall's "Fragments of -The pawnbroker may claim the benefit ! the six months limit, but you hardly can, r you occupy the place of the original j incr. Everything seems to depend on the jdrrstanditig which the original owner and |ur-elf had when the articles were handed over | I you. If a sale had taken place there would I h-'e licen an end of the matter, but you ap »r to occupy the position of an agent who is iconntahle to his principal. In the circum fences you had better put the matter before a | .vur. . . ' ; and Bee.--Frank M., Littler (Launceston) ! jp in answer to "A.M.F.":-"J have often ached the mantis attack and consume live -s. Sometimes by way of experiment I have cured a mantis, and placed it on a flower bere a hoc was feeding. The mantis would main rigidly still, and watch the bee for some mc. Then it would make a dart, and seize hack of the bee between its two front The hee would struggle violently, and ivour to liberate itself, or to sting its, tptor, hut the mantis always managed to keep n-lf out of the reach of the 6ting. It would mv draw up Uic bee to its mouth, and place jaws just in the iwurt where the head joins » tliorax. In a very short time there would t he niueh of the l>ec remaining." |t Her Go, fiallaghcr."-"H.A.L." (Momba) Iks what is the origin-if any-of the cxpres lon, "Ivet her go, Gallagher!" He says that bme ihm(iIc suggest that it was the instructions Hveti to one of the British soldiers when all was Mdy for a mine to lie exploded, or for some fire i l>e lit, during the Indian Mutiny. ! Kulyc-ttn Voice.-Mr. 3. S. Lazarus (of Gunna- j ?ana) writes:-"I have just read on page 185 If y..nr isMie of the 17th itist. a notice ot Mr. ^avid-on I'almer's article on the so-called fal voiec in the 'Nineteenth Century. ' {for years past made a study of the pro wti-.n of the voice, vocal physiology, and the nsitomy of Hie throat, and having also for some been a teacher of singing and elocution voi<e culture, I was naturally much in (trr-Med in it. Although 1 have never seen any W -Mr. 1»«liner's writings, I have always taught In the principle that he urges, and especially Is regards men's voices. In fact, I have always told my pupils that the terms head voice, e-t voice, falsetto, kc., were misleading, and at th.-re was only one method of voice pro F«eti"i. and that metliod was exactly identical titli what was required in producing, piano, the 't'I:>"t notes of the voiee. No one who j "itr'ily understands the construction ot the! "i and the mechanism of the human voice I timid possibly make the blunder of talking of lea I, chest, and falsetto voices. I have only once i the whole course of my life met with one man Mi'i naturally sings with the pure method ot "d'.ntion, and ljfs method is exactly wliat I i, ,v«. £'|W-'>'S aimed at, and what is described py Mr. Palmer in his article. 1 am not writing (In* f.n an advertisement, bccause I am not now tip this profession, listing returned to ? profession of a civil engineer." 'r s (iliosL-#D.B." writes:-"Sir Archibald ! «K'ioe would be the best living authority as to Hi'- date when the story of Fisher's Ghost first l'l»-ared in print He will jiecollect it. When vv'w l'enrith, in 1850, 1 was shown the rail j the waterliole Of the story. Everybody r-'iuid talked of the Incident as of a simple matter Of fact. Mr. H. K. Rusdcn's elaborate | explanation omits the main circumstance in -' -.y. namelr. Hie walk of the phantom to waterliole where the skeleton of the mur \- " . icciuie 111 * l'«eii plans. At every such place, after the lec tire. persons came to me with rtories of phan >»iiii\l appearances, cither seen by themselvea or y iii'-mliers of their family. Some of these Tar dive; were local (Australian). In every in Btam-o tiio circumstances, as narrated, precluded jtlii- of deliberate falsehood, or mental Willi iiiation. or designed deception. All the natives were simple matters of daylight cs- j ri>-)it e, undeniable fta that nunc ft, and w-holly | iii'-o.iintahle upon any strictly natural nrin not eveluaing the (that undiscovered) X V-J ot ltontgcn." "D.Il.". hasards « good »' «hen he eaya tliat tlwre was no room i" Imllueination, ' tor it ' l» now estab -lied tliat just aa the eve conveys «'. impression of a picture to the brain by mi^ of the optic nerve, so (reversing the pro K). the brain in certain eircuawtances cao con >' 'he idea of a picture to. the eye, and cause to H.-e what it realljr doei not see. Dr. Andrew «il^ti discusses cate« ot the kind In the "Mos trated Lond>-m News" of March 6, apropos of iscme daylight ghost-seeing reported from Wind fjflr. ('asile. "Iota," dealing with the same ®Ucntion to the fact that -"'Fisher s |Vi one of the "old stories retold" by |«areus Clarke in "The Australasian" about 2fi IfWrH ago. We cannot finHt, however, in the T tT the volumes our correspondent indi ">#lia Maori."-AVe catmot say what the -mean- j ; u of Yabba, the ««»n«» ot the townahip near1 Dookic, unless it lias been-bo culled because Hie district is the habitat of the fresh water crayfish, \- sometimes called Yabbie. Or it may be a" native ?word. In-very lew cases is-the meaning ol native names of places known. M.H.T.W."-'The verses are not poetry, hut prose lines ending With a rhyme. Evidently you have not made yourself acquainted with prosody. "J.F." (Yarram).-L The Battle of the Boyne was fought on July 1, (old style) between'the army led by U'illiam III. and the forces of James II. After his defeat James fled to France, and an end was put to his hopes of regaining the throne of England. 2. See "Yooman." Swiss Hotel Gongs.-"F.A.G." asks:-"Can any One inform me liow those steel bar gongs used in hotels in Switzerland are hung. I have seen them often, but stupidly did not notice how they were . hung. They are generally in pairs, and in harmony, making a chord when struck alter nately. Can you tell how much shorter one should be than the other, both being the same size in section? I have a single bar, but only hung with string, which, of course, is not the correct tiling. 1 have tried several ways, but don't seem to have hit on the right one to let the bar vibrate freely." Some travelled Australian may be able to supply the required answer. "J.B." (Yarram).-1. A girl is supposed to be under her parents* control up to 21 years of age. In certain cases, the father can claim damages for the loss of her services. 2. Sixteen would now appear to be the minimum marrying age, with the consent of the parents; 21 without such consent. Peacocks' Feathers-Why Unlucky?-Mr. E. Wil son Dobbs writes:-"In the literature of the Elizabethan period thire are allusions to tire in " iu _rJ '? ule "neisione, vol. ^tracts are given of sundry modes liars, from a curious tract, en '"J1 round answer to N.D.', p. 250 Would not this fellow then have a garland of i . lors 'or his notorious -cogging, hlttT I'i8 in falsely alledging and flying the fathers;' also, on p. 355, 'And So for fiS*iP 2 PTe Parsons a crown of peacocks' feathers, and leave him to be enstalled Eard at Tyburne.' A garland of peacocks' feathers was considered a fitting decoration for a tlnef. l et Queen Elizabeth chose to have her pic ture painted representing licr in a gorgeous 5 covered with peacocks' plumes. Shake speare refers to the peacocks' feathers being em C, . u-Ji8 fans and flJ' traps, Hen. V., act IV. .. ."!T 5£®s common enough in the poultrv if.i i" Elisabeth's reign, forming the chief uioii at taole. ,ts image was also set up in the lilt-ground, its crest formed portion of martini trappings, and generally was in high favour, winle foxes tails were sometimes added to the peacocks feather garlands for cozeners, ret a similar combination is to this day used among Uie Chinese as a head dress, generally attached by a jade clasp, and is a valued possession. The onlj instance I am able to find where a crown of peacocks feathers was worn as an honourable badge in England was when the Pope conferred such on King John (Lackland), on account of nis poverty, when confirming him in his title of Dominus Ilibernica-see 'Strickland's Queens of Eng., Vni., 39." ' Backwoodsman."-1. In 1891, last census year, £ IilIrian Catholics in Ireland numbered 3,jii,30<, and the Protestants of all denomina England, in a population of i e ^oman Catholics numbered about 1,500,000. The rest of your questions will have to stand over. It is scarcely probable that some of the information you require can be given. "Third of February, 1852."-Tennyson's poem, bearing the title you quote, has reference to speeches made in the House of Lords on the day of the opening of Parliament. The Earl of Dertjy, Earl Grey, and Lord Brougham found fault with the manner in which the English press had commented on the coup d'etat effected by Louis Napoleon in France, as Prince Presi dent. Tennyson claims for Englishmen (he npht to speak tlieir mind freely on all occasions, whether their opinions meet with approval or give offence abroad. In the Lords, the Earl of Ilarrowby maintained that the English press had spoken the mind of England in its criticisms of events in France. "Shiels's Act."-I. Dealing only with the moral aspect of the question, it seems to us that it would be decidedly wrong for the person referred to to swear that to be a fact which is but a sur mise, in order to conceal truth which is un pleasant. The making of false statements in connection with the marriage ceremonv is equivalent to perjury. 2. The Church of Eng land in this colony only objects to marrying a second time the party who waa in the "wrong in the divorce proceedings. 3. The proper de scription to give is the correct one. A wife who has l»een divorced cannot call herself a widow if the ex-husband dies after the marriage has been dissolved. "Tarnagulla."-The bushranger Captain Melville died by his own hand, in Melbourne Gaol, at the age of 35, in 1S50. While serving a 32 years' sentence, lie headed an outbreak of convicts at Williamstown, resulting in the death of a boat man named Owen Owens, whom lie was alleged to liave killed with a hammer. For this he was sentenced to be hanged. A respite was granted, but before the convict was made aware of it he strangled himself. "Antiquarian" (Toorak).-Mr. S. Eozminski stales that documents of the kind named are valued variously from 10/ to £50. If you send the document to hiin (corner of Bou'rke and Elizabeth streets) he will possibly be able to ascertain its value as an antique relic. "T.J.K."-The secretary of the Marine Board obliges with an answer as follows:-River and lwy ships (including steamships), under 100 tons gross registered tonnage, must carry a certifi cated master. If of J00 tons C.R.T. and up wards, then a duly certificated mate must be carried as well. Vessels under 15 tons need not carry a certificated master under any cir cumstances, and under 50 tons need not do so unless carrying passengers. Mates are not re quired to hold masters' certificates. If a master becomes incapacitated the mate as sumes charge, if he liappeni} to hold a master's certificate, otherwise a man with a master's certificate would have to be appointed. "Carlton Subscriber."-'The highest^ temperature in shade recorded at Perth, W.A., is llTdeg., on the 25th January, 1S78. "J.D." (Gore, New Zealand).-The Australasian Home Reading Association is still in existence. The secretary is Mrs. Fox, M.A., Ravensberg, Dandenong-road, Armadale, Victoria. "J.T.lt.T." (Koondrook).-Smith, Phillips, and Dawson. Sheffield Steel Works, Michael-street, Brunswick. "S.C." (Camberwell).-Ordinary brazing spelter, obtainable from John Danks and Sons Ltd., or Holiison Bros, and Co.. with a flux of |>owdered borax, is wtiat you require. The spelter may be had either fine or coarse, suitable for small or large pieces of work. " Hamilton."-1- A registered practitioner. 2. Classed with the kind who are not recognised by the profession at large. "T.L."-Madame Melba and Mr. Mitchell, of Col binahbin, Elmore, are brother and sister. "Southernhav" (Prahran).-To remove creases from * stiff parchment without injuring the writing, damp the lack moderatelv, and screw press it lietween sheets of clean white blotung jiaper. "Reader" (South Melbourne).- If the borrowei*ar rancwl lo repay l"s in 8 ccrl3'n uumber of vcars, and has ]>aid up to date, and not gone over the time, the society cannot sell. "Bunco White."-1Trere is no rule for determining the age of a moukey. If you take the-ammal to the Zoological Gardens, Mr. Le Souef maj be able to tell you. "Black and White."-Sir Charles Hot ham died on December 31. 1S55, and the funeral took place on January 4, 1S5H. Particulars cannot be given in the fomi you require. l,e<ause they do not appear in the order of the proc^iion publiRhejl in "The Argus" of January' 5. Immediate)} fol lowing the body were the private secretary and A.D.C., Major-Gener.il Maearthiir Governor) and the pall-bwrere-I). C. M Lieut.-Colonel Valiant, Charles S.aden, W illiam Haines, Dr. M'Crca, Captain ^'D^;n Fantome). Colonel Anderwn and c^,n PaaW Then caiuc the mcmuorb 01 tho K\e< u jaslex. inen ,lie c,"suls, the Speaker and members of the Legislative Coun cil officers of Parliament, Mavore of Mellwirae by^the^fth^n^mcn^and'the^iuntrer6 forces. To find the contents add dimensions ot l»Ui ,end»-35in. and lin.=3Gin.; divide by il=lSin., mean dimension at centre. Multiply ISin. by ' ISin., then by the length, then divide by 12. AW.J."-We' cannot answer any such conundrum. If you write to ?Melville, Mullen, and Slade, stat ing particulars, you will probably get what you want. "Caritas."-We are not aware of there being books . on the subject. The speech made by Henry Brougliam when defending Queen Caroline will supply some hints on the question. "Justice."-The rates are a burden on the land. If there are arrears on ground you have pur chased you will hare to pay. The prudent take care to inquire about these things beforehand. "Arrer."-The words Eyrie Kleison is the liturgy ? are derived from two Greek words, Bpelt nearly the some way, signifying "Tjord, have mercy. Identical phrases occur in the Psalms, Gospels, &c.;, hence their insertion in the liturgy. The pronunciation is Kirr-i-e e-la-'i-son. Eleeson (the Greek for have mercy) is the imperative form of the verb eleein. , 