FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' PARADE. TH« parade And procesión on Sunday in aid of the United Friendly Societies' Council's Benevolent Fund was a feature of the holiday programme. Leaving the Central Reserve about : 2 30 p.m., the procession, consisting of ¡ about 1500 men and lads walking and on lorries, wound its way through the chief streets of the town and back to j the Reserve, where addresses were delivered. Seventeen or eighteen lodges of th«! Druids, Foresters, Odd- fellows, Hibernian, and Rschabites orders participated, together with members of the A. M. A.," Sagine drivers' and Firemen's Association, the Society of Engineers, and the Fire Brigade. Three bands played, and several huge banners floated in the breeze. The route of the procession was lined with sightseers, especially along Argent-street. Some of the regalias of the procesiionists came in for a lot of cheap chaff, but generally the affair was most orderly. En route and on the Reserve a collection was taken up on behalf of the benevolent fund. This was the disappointing part of the whole affair, for the amount realised was not in keeping with the merits of the fund. The procession was marshalled by Messrs. B. Turner, F. Fox, George Griffiths, J. P. Megaw, Hendry, and the general arrangements were in the hands of Mr. J. Wallace, secretary of the council. At the Central Reserve, after the parade, Mr. B. Turner, president of the United Friendly Societies' Council, took the chair, and in a qbort speech welcomed the gathering, and appealed to those present for contributions to the benevolent fund. He then called on the Tramway Band, who performed a fine selection. Mr. Wallace thereupon told his audience that the fund here- tofore known as the Friendly Societies' Fand would from that day change its name to the Alma Benevolent Fund, and the only introduction required by an applicant for relief was genuine distress. Theold f undjbad been the means of helping many deserving people, and he hoped to see the new one do more. He claimed it to be the best organised fund in this part of New South Wales, as they had officers in every quarter of the town, each having a special psrt to look after, and charged with the personal investigation of every case brought under notice. The members for the district bad obtained the promise of the Government £ for £ suosidy ; for this t>h«y deserved »ll praise. Mr. Burrows compared subscriptions to the fund with those on private subscrip- tion lists, much to the detriment of the latter. Malingerers had not a "ghost of a show" with the fund, which no one could say was the case with private liste ; while the giving of 2i. 6d. to the fund meant giving Ss., on account of the Government subsidy. He concluded with an earnest appeal to all to join some friendly society. The A. M. A. Band enlivened the pro- ceedings at thia stage by discoursing some excellent musicf rom the Rotunda. Mr. Polkinghorne, president of the A. M. A., then spoke on the good done by friendly societies. He bad been a member of the Manchester Unity for 14 years, and hoped he could some time do for them the good he had been done by. Mr. Hendry brought out cheers by remarking that though there was a lot of friendly rivalry between the different societies, he was pleased to say there had never been any antagonism. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that where there were riches there would also be poverty till the end ; bot by helping each other things could be made pleasant for everyone. Several convincing illustrations of the good done by the friendly societies on the Barrier were presented ; and the concluding poetic peroration was fol- lowed by Birtley's Band. Th» Presi- dent of the U. F. Societies moved, on behalf of the council, a vote of thanks to tho bands, speakers, and all who took part in the proceedings, which was heartily responded to, and the crowd dispersed. Mr. Wallace, secretary of the ¥nited Frieodly Societies' committee, reports Shat the souscription taken up in aid of the Alma Benevolent Fnnd on Sunday totalled £32 ll«. 3¿d. Gent's tan boots, square and narrow toes, at H. H. Hart's t Gent.'s best calf bals., square and narrow toes, at H. H. Hart's t Gent's patent button boots at H. H. Hart's.* 