A''WON ERFiUL WOMAN;! THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY ,T 11s. MAY AGNES FLE3ING . ctIFTp.I: XXIX. - ..NOT a:I BUT -.TE. I .THI DEALT THIS BLOWT."; at1:--.ie l In gcefield had suddenly I: .tekn HtllIt, -and' for good. firery ir:is w': gr-.atlyv troubled not 0,ly at h.-_r unexpcled departure,-but :ih -h c? o ,nts of the letter which she -.d w'rit:' n to him. Th-'e :rubled thoughts 'were- in:.his ,n*d ;- in the evening he walked to v:r,.is I::rac: n Hollow, from the direc t- of Castlfotrd. During the'last.iv-e m?*- :.t - gulden red" meteor- like light" cd .: sh-d, ul in the grey southern sky: tWhilt he l'u?sled onward t liad ste-dLily irrra e.l-brighter and broader--redder ad fTier."r it grew-- it could-ounti. be ont .t t:hat instant there? cale clashing- 'e,s t"he twilight stillness the fire l of the tor wn-the red light in the Zy g?wint: redder and redder. 'Fire:" henry Otis exclaimed, knitting h br-owas. :anid in that direction. There Sr h*,us. there but Bracken Hollow!' CI;L' : Clang : The fire alarmi grew pdr.:. h.. tlames were shooting up into t!: sot _re sky. 0:;i t..mm-:nceed running at speed, and s aI::. ,-vrr live minutes brought him .. Bnack,:n Hallow. There wis no i -tij. but th. old house was like tinder, . s.hriv-ll-ed up at once. It looked all , , s·:r "f fire :as he rushed towards \plp:irn?ily there was. no chance of s:ving i th two innuties. for .'the blaze r,. rs-i?. from every window in the l ;,." an!dl .rr:at black volumes of smoke or,"t lt'! il. i to roll up into the even \- . twhile fragments of burning tm :r ,in,:i !:-bris -ben?n to fall in all !:::-r wa1 a crAowd collected, but the :; had not yet arrived. Little \-- ruing now. At the instant . .-.i.. ,!d Hannah-olme rushing 1-.,- . fir Heaven's sake:" she c t:.;. If .ye be men, will ye stand .:r.":-. :.t .cllow creature burned S..-..f.; re your eyes?- I've lost the k-. "f : room. Come --come -er ahnd I" the door." Ta- was an axe in the porch. iMr -s:ai::. it. and rushed headlong ,:-u--ch th.- tlames and smoke, towards tlrt :lar:tinr,'s room. Her ringing r..-ans bt:oke over everything now. He ,ru'k :u the door with all his might, :t iw-i strong. and resisted. -i-:':n from the door." he shouted to -r within. 'tand be quiet; I will save He struck at it again and again ; it :?d.i. to the fifthi- blow, and went cntshin into the room. She was staitd a-. in spite of his warning, directly Spp-ýsite : it strtuck her heavily. and fdllI her to the floor.-.He sprang In :nd drew ie:r from beneath. The an-le of the oak door had struck her mn the h:cad near the temple: a great utre?m of blood war pouring over her face as he lifted her in his arms. The ire was already surging through the ropn door. He bowed his head over her, and with his burden rushed out of the de.imed hrouse. iHe Elid her on the ground, senseless. id: eding.m ud not a moment too soon, for a minute later. with a dreadful roar, th fire lerned up higher than ever, and t1;e roof f-ll in whiti a crash. Twelve: by the stlieple of Castleford high stre-t-twelve' by the loud-voiced clock of the ecars-wood stables. In the irtense, sultry silence of the August night. thy- harp. metallic strokes came even in that upper chamber of the Sil ver Rose, where, upon the big, curtained, old-fashioned four-poster Harriet Har n:nn lay dvin-. Dying: No earthly aid could reach her now. 'The blow of the heavy, iron "ondded deeor had done its work. Dying! Thiere w. ::o mistake about it this time. , she !ay there. on the threshold of :.'ity, her past in all its hideous defor :7 r,.?-2 b?f,-re her. Mr 0tis hid told Mrs Harman's story it the Earl of Ruysland, and summoned I lordshin to the bedside of the dying s-m:na. In an adjoining room at that 'm nt- i were the- earl, Lady Cecil, and :'lr ,Iaughter has come with me,' the earl said. coldly. "She knows all. She wthes to see Mrsl Harman-to hear, if it l- y.slsible for -Mrs Harman to speak, xnfirmation of your story from her lips. I think even you will allow, Mr Otis, this or. more than her right." "I: i= he: right." Henry Otis said, He bo,-.d to the queenly form and .or!y face, and held the door wide for "Tiou. i.t' my lord," he said. "'-She is yin.g. but she is conscious, and she has i'k.n. I must beg"-he -looked at Ltd c' -il-- that you will be very ,il?t. A moment's excitement Would `he iow:.ed her head, and glided to the b-dside-. In the dim light of the -hade?l lamp she looked down upon .the dyirL face-the face of her mother! The air: Ireathing was not audible; the t-ie :r:- closed; the fingers moved a ii0lta plucking at the sheet. Opposite 'too1 Dr. Graves. holding her pulse in 'n hand. his watch in the other. L-:d .uysland folloWed, and stood be 'sid his daughter. Henry Otis bent osr: her and spoke. "Irs Harman, Lord Ruysland is here. tan ou speak to him ?" - T"e eYelids fluttered-lifted; the great ark eyes looked up out of the:rigid face, z1 fix? l at once upon the earl's. - "larri"t." he said, and at the sound : the ,d name the dying .face lit, "'yu kniw me, do you not ?" "es"-e-ry faintly the word came 'br !,,!d. I know you. I am sorry--" mhe l'hosper died away. He bent (- e ab,-:. her. List. " n arriet-speak if you can ti Ihe trulth now. Is Mr O:is's story -e? " Was it your child-your ow-n =;' ear- me twenty years ago,' or It t as mine--I will sweir it, if you 'a÷I kept yours. I hated my lady '"re revenge- She parted me from *iafel. Lionel, Lionel!" Her face lit again-the old love 'of her orth came back. The old love, mighty yrnd all earthly passion; mnighty to boak prison bars, to compass the earth, Srrss oceans, to endure in the very lbros ,,f death. : ' Lorui P.tuysland bent closer, and took .r hard. :Lr-.k Harrier.' he said-'ook at this C d me. It is thehchiid-you gaive that I love. - Tell meiagain. as hea "a -rs and will judge you, is she 'e ark eyes turned upon the lovely thful face, down whose cheeks the ntcin? tears were coursing. The n'°" imploring look was answered by L?'y Cil crossing silently to the side _l- rs tort. She sank on her knees. Sale very near that dying face. 'Sh is mine, as heaven hears and will 1'' 'mine-Katherine Harman. Tu I .are to Sir John Dangerfield. a ?t e is in Castleford churchyard, i w?t lter satw her two nights SRinsland looked at Henry Otis. M"-^ - -iss Helen Herneastle." " tanswered, with rigidly-com i?i?'d 1you" great wrong," the dying rhi"?asp red again. the dying eyes r hnir. once more to the earl. The sight athtr Chiln seemed to wake no emotion t" within her. "I hated my r-I s'wore revenge-and I took It. I t ?er child. She parted me from Ia 1 i He loved me. Lionel y faintl y-whsperlng voice died -"'ae never spoke again. Lady , ar s lace lay buried in her hands- on ,rqAers dead silence fell. The eyes ,- a F iaim shook her from head to 238 . . "LIqonel,' thke 1 seemed to form once. T Then there wvas a moment's- quiet, a stronsg shtter{and with it the last fiic' ketr of the lanlp ent out, and death .-tod lin' the midst of them. S"Comne- away,, my darling," the earl whispered, tenderly, in Lady Cecil's 'Twvo sightless eyes looked up at him, blind '-ith dumb. mi'ry. Then. with a gasp, the tension that had held her upp so long ga4ve way-Cecil fell back fainting In his arms. Alid so died Harriet Harman-a ter rible death,.but a just-penalty-for the misery she had w rought uDpon every-one vlthck ?lhom she.had come" in contacL The one wrong inflicted on herself in'her earliest =outh, while the tide of passioni was -strong in her heart, had become engraven deep in her venrynature, and every succeeding act was but a link in the chain of revenge--every crime but another stepping- stoneto its-. conrsum mation.. And now was come the expla= tion at the very moment. as: she had: lioped of final triumph:,' -'The blinds -Mere:-closed0-a solemn hush-.lay ovedr the house. n'ih the parlora o Sthe Silver ose -a coflin stood'-on trestles. 'in itntie body of the unhappy Hairlet Harman. CHAIPTER XXX.- -BETWEE' THE OLD LIFE AND THE NEW.. The Earl of Ruysland was seated alone at Scarsiwood, brooding over the recollection of the confession- made by Harriet Harman, when a hasty sum mons was given at the door, and. in an swer to a peremptory- 'Come in,", on his lordship's part, the footman. Soanies, presented himself. .. " Thie liost, my lord-letters for your lordship." The isiwing Soames placed a silver salver. on which half a dozen letters were arranged before his lordship, and backed. from tie room.... -There were one or. to for Lady- Cecil \--ne from Sir ,Arthur Tregenna-two for Lady Dangerfield, and two for him self. The first of these letters' 'as on business from his solicitoi, the other in a hand that was new to him. -He broke it open. It was lengthy. He glanced 'at the namne--Redmond O'Donnell." 'Now-, what does O'Donnell mean by making me wade through four closely written pages," his lordship said, .In-an aggrieved toie. "How little consider ation some people have'for thle feelings of their fellow-beings. I'll have to look over it, at least. I suppose."' He adjusted his eye-glass, smoothed out the- pages. and glanced through them. - "Miss Herncastle"-" Kather Ine Dangerfield."-tyhat did It mean.? Everywhere those two" names! His lassitude vanished.. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the- -letter through, H;.His face changed, as It. had not changed ,when Harriet Harman :told hlim that his daughter was not his daughter. "Goodpess- above! what was ithis ? Katherine Dangerfield not dead! Kath erine Dangerfleld and Miss Herncastle. one and the same! Katherine Danger field his daughter!. Katherine Danger field and-Miss Herncastle one! It. was plainly there-all the proofs, one after another- no need for veriflica tion-no doubting-no -disputing -now. She had not died. He recalled the pic ture of Lionel Cardonnell.in the-posses sion of the governess, her interest in the story, -the .strong likeness to . his: dead wife, that had struck him-the first time he saw her: - The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield \iere explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises she had assumed. What a bold game she hadl .played! And Tregenna had fallen in love with .her. and he had done his best to separate them-and tried to induce him to pro pose to Harriet Harman's' daughter. His. daughter lived--had relented at the eleventh hour-had burned the con fession-renounced her retribution-and gone into the world alone and unaided to fight the bitter battle of life. "Oh, Heaven!" he cried, " this is the hardest to bear of all!" The drawing-room door opened as he sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. She wore one of her white summer dresses, the dresses she'liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest. A knot of fairy roses in her bosom, a rose-hued ribbon binding back the hazel hair, and the pearly face, ever colorless,blanched, as it had been since the revelation first camne upof, her, to a dead white. "Papa," she erled--the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned-" what has happened-anything new?'" "Y'es, something new-something very hard to believe,. very hard to bear. Queenie, the grave and the heddstone:in Castleford churchyard are falsehoods and cheats. Katherine Dangerfield never died!" She stood and looked at him-speech less with suirprise." "Yes, Queenie, she lives. lMy-that I should say it:--my daughter-Katherine Dangerfield did not die-she lives under another name. Can you guess it?"' "I can. It is Helen Herncastle." He placed the letter he had just read in her hand. "Read -hat," he said ; "It is from 'O'Donnell, and explains all. I think I could have borne anything but this." Even in that moment she shraunk a little at.the sudden mention of O'Don nell's name. Lord Ruysland placed the lengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume his walk. "Sit down,". he said, "It's a long affair to read, and you don't look fit to stand. Are you ill, Queenie?. Your face Is the color of your dress."- . ; - She read the letter over very slowly thle facts were. placed so clearly in or-. der that there could be no doubt:-Kath erin'e' Dangerfield lived in Helen Hern castle.L Lord nRuysland's 'daughter, whose rightful name and place she her-. self had usurped so long:. Lord Ruys land's daughter, wronged ..beyond all reparation,:maddened by wrongs until she had turned-at bay, had done.unto others as she had been done by. And now? she had- not only. departed from Scarswood, but from Castleford,. forced out once more to face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. "Oh, it is hard-it is cruel--It is bit ter:" she-cried, starting up. "Papa, let us go to her-let us find her, at once- at once! I will resign everything--I will make what.reparation I can -.But who on earth can ever ominpensate.lier for 3what she has suffered?. How shall I ever dare to look her in the face? And to. -hink-that 'my-my mother --" She covered her face with both hands in a passionate outbreak of tears. \- :Be.'quiet, -Queenie," was Lord BRuys land's answer, a'touch of impatient pain in voice and face; "there is'no question 'of our being too late.' Fate has dealt "hardly with her, I allow-with us all, if It comes to that. Think'of the scandal, the gossip- of the world, the talk of the London clubs and'- drawing- rooms. Good heaven!' it Is enough to drive a man wild ! ' One thing about this wonderful turn of events strikes me as most wonderful of all, and that is, that at O'Donnell's inter ference she should give up her revenge. burn 'Mrs Harman's confession, and throw up the game the moment it was hers. That I don't understand. Women are a riddle; it's a hackneyed aphorism, but for sound truth might be affixed to the Four Gospels. 1 say again, if she had been in love with the fellow-but I thought Sir Arthur - mi; stopped, and glancedl furtively at Cecil. She -.s standing, llher eyes downcast, a lovely ro'se-pink flush on either cheek. Perhaps by some inward intuition her woman's nature understood this other woman's--perhaps some glimmering of that truth to which O'Donnell himself was blind broeke upon her. To Cecil Clive it seemed a very easy thing for any woman to love Redmond O'Donnell. \--You look as if you understood. Queenle." the earl said. Solve this riddle. if you can." "I think the sluttion must be the in nate nobility and generosity of--how shall we call her?-Miss Herncastle, then. herself. For she is noble-she is great almost beyond belief. Captain O'Donnell is right. It Is a noble nature warped In spite of her; others- in her place, with her genius. would have done tar Worse. You must learn to love her. papa; to look upon hCr as your daugh ter-to let her take the name I bear-the place I fitl when I am " lier voice broke. "Sir Arthur Tregenna' wife. Is that what you would say. Queenie? WVell" -an impatient sigh here--"I suppose I -must try." "When I am gone-that is what I meant to say, papa. For I will go--it is only just I should go back to the life to which'.I was born.. And I,will never be Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife. This letter"-she .took it up--"I see is from Sir Arthur to me. ?'hen'I. answer it, -It 'will be to tell:him how. distasteful such a marriage would bd to miis.' -Lord-Ruysland listened, his old weary, calm retlurning-his habitual expression, half-cynical, half-indifferent-back ; "Quixotic, but correct: perhaps." -You will offer Sir Arthur 'hl?freedom=- ery generous on your part; and he will re fuse it--equally generous onahis .Y?u.:i are right, Queenle--go throiiugh the form,. blyall means; it is what r would d nimy self in your place,. But you wilt marry Sir Arthur, nevertheless. , . "I Twill never marry Sir Arthur. In'all likelihood .I shall never marry at all. You need not smile like that ,papa-I mean it. Sir Arthur loves your. real daughter, and one day he will marry her. Her faults, have been many; but swhen he knows the trutlh'such love -as his will find It easy' to overlook those faults. He was- anxious for me to be come his wife-because, through no fault of his, he felt he stood in some way com mitted, and I-oh! I was base and un generous.when I thought of accepting. him. I thank Heaven that I know the truth before it is too late. If he loved me; even, and if I loved him, I would still refuse to become his wife. now. As. It is, all the powers on earth would not force me to marry him." - The earl saw that?she spoke the truth -that all argument was useless here. Y:ou . don't -love him," he replied, quietly;. 'then perhaps you do love some one else-the' Free Companion, thesoldier of fortune, the Cliasseur d'Afrique, for instance?" Sne looked at him steadily-. the color deep, on her cheeks, a. bright light in her eyes. :'"Yes!"' she said, proudly, resolutely: "I love him! I have loved him from'the .tour I saw him irst!" - "And he has told you all, no doubt -the story of Torryglen and his youthful presumption and folly, tolerably' out lived in .six years' campaigning, if I judged him rightly?" -. . -The glow deepened on her face-"the light that never was on sea or land," the light of -love that knows Itself beloved again. "He has told :ne," she said; under her breath, "and he has nbt i'outlived it-: thank: Heaven! ' Yes,: though I should never see him again on ,earth--thank Heaven.. Papa, do you think you did right then?"' "Well, no. Morally speaking, perhaps I did not; socially speaking-I am sure I did. : You couldn't have married him, Queenie-I hope you know that. And you can't marry him now either, that I cati'see.• Think of roughing it out -in Algeria, grilling alive-under an African sun-no society;, a camp follower, -and sooner or later an Irish officer's half-pay widowi He's a fine fellow-always was -the sort, by gad!. if.I were a woman, I should like to marry myself. But you haven't been brought up to rough it, and \--it won't do, Queenie, it won't do.", The color had faded from her face, the happy light from her eyes; a ,wistful weariness and longing had taken- their place. -- -- : , "Well; well, we .won't - discuss the questlon'at present, Queenie_ Take your letter add answer it. We iill have Sir Arthur directly -after, and you and -he can settle these heroics between you. Still, I think, if I were. you,' I, would marry him. 9ueenle." She smiled min answer," stooped,- and kissed him as he sat down. "'You ought to hate' me for my--my. mother's sake, if not for my own,- 'she said. "You are very good to me, Lord Ruysland." "Am I?T' he answered, rather drearily. "Being 'very good' to any one has not been the- besetting virtue- of 'myr - life. We'll not talk of my - goodness, Cecil, child; it's a subject that won't bear dis cussion." (To be Continued.) 