. TURFINOTESi (By Atlas.) \- Fall particulars are published in another column of the present issue of the programme o| events t.o be run off at tho Junee Race Club's winter meeting which will be held on 22nd June. Horae-owners are required to send iu their nominations to the secretary (Mr. T. 0. Huraphrys) by 8 p.m., June 9th, lor. the Diamond Jubilee Handicap (£15.) The Hay Jockey Olub have decided to hold a two-days race meeting on June 22nd and 23rd. These dates will clash with the Jar.ee ivaoing uiuD s meecing, wmen is a pity, seeing that there will be very little racing during the next couple of months, and horse owners will be prevented from taking pact) in one or other of the meetings. The Tabletop filiy Prudence again proved her superiority over a field of Trial Stakes candidates at Wodonga on Monday. Giv ing a well-performed mare like Lenore a break of two or three lengths in a six-furlong spin was a most meritorous performance on the, part of the 2-year-old daughter of Pil grim's Progress. That there was no 'loafing' on the journey was plainly shown from the fair time (lmin. 20seo.) in which the race was run in. A slice of bad luck fell to Mr. Dave Neil at the Wodonga races on Monday. Whilst -taking part in the Flying Handicap his well f known racehorse Swagman, by Forest King —Queen Mab, was galloped on, and the , tendons' of hi3 hind foot were severed. The injury was* of so serious a nature that his owner decided to have him destroyed, but a gentleman present volunteered to* take the old horse and endeavor to patch him up and give him comfortable quarters for the rest of bis. days, the owner being quite willing to allow his old favorite's life to be spared. Of course, Swagman' s racing career, which has been a brilliant one, is now ended. The son of ForeBt King has been a good friend to Mr. Neil, and I am told they have travelled to gether for something like 16,000 miles ; and ; it is little wonder Swagraan's owner feels his loss keenly, more especially as it is not every day a horse can ha got that could stand the knooking about from place to place that has fallen to tho lot of the hardy little bay. If present intentions are carried out Dan 'Donovan will take Le Master, Flaneur, and Reynelcto, to Melbourne in a few days, and it is quite likely Jimmy Kelly will also go to the Victorian metropolis with the grey horse Euchre. Following are the drawers of the plaoed horses in Tattersall's Consultation on the Birthday Cup, run at Randwiok on Monday last. Closed with 50,000 at 5s. :— First horse, Delaware (No. 30109), F. Hepburn, 68 Albert- street, South Brunswick (Victoria), '£4500 j Beeond horee, Talavera(No. 17937),' ?H. D. West, Eudunda, South Australia, £1350 ; third horse. Glendennon (No. 16294), W. J. Smyth, N.Z. Railways, Teawanuta (N.Z.). £905. These amounts are net. A day's races will be held at Wahgunyah oh 16th June, for the benefit; of the local football club. The principal events wi.l be »Banefit Handicap of £10. Footballers' Handi cap of £6, and Farewell Handicap of £5. The V.R.O. committee on Monday en dorsed the two years' disqualification, from April 28, passed by the Barnawartha Racing Club on \V. Kelly, for riding without a license at tho recent Baruawartha races. The Rivorina horseman Tommy Pegrem, .scored a double at Fleinington on Monday. 'Pegrem had the mount on the Trenton horse Trent in the Birthday Handicap, and got home by a length, and labor in tho day he again lauded the son of Trenton a winner in the Welter Handicap. The places in the Brisbane Birthday Cup, of £300, two miles, run on Monday at E»gle vFarm, wore filled by Battalion (10.8), Ohook jnate(8.10). and Music (8.11). . Tim names of over 40 bookmakers were taken by thepoiice at Riindwiok on Saturday f or oash betting, aud ^roscoutious will follow in due course. Luster, who carried the Mill-park oilers to victory on Monday, was bred at* tho Tocal Blurt, N.S.W., and was sold as a yearling for 160 guineas to Mr. T. Uphill, trom whom the Meaars. Miller hava probably got hor on lease. She is beautifully bred, being by Splendor (imp.) from Equation, by Grand Flaneur from Fair Duchess (imp.), by Blair Atliol. Davotod, tho winner of the Sydney Royal Stakes, has only appeared in public on two or throe occasions, and Saturday's raoo was his initial win. The gelding ia well onouirh 'bred for anything, bointj by Splendor from Devotion, by Goldnbrough, Dovotod was brod by Mr. Roynoidn, at tho Toe il Stud, and was bo d as a yearling for (Jo jjuinoas. The {joldinc was nob inuuh fanetod for this I race, hia starting price btiuu' 23 to I. TJjo Birthday Oup run in Sydnoy on Mon day1 and bin) Birthday Handicap, tho prinoipal ovant at F'OininKton, woro won l-y sons of tho oxpat;atcil Trenton. In Sydnoy Mr. W. XI. Hull) vvlioao colors ii&vo; hod hcon c.ui'iud to the front in an important race for a long ' timo, secured the Birthday Cup with his fine h'.rsa Delaware. The other Tren'on who, was successful in th« Birthday Handicap at j Flemington was Trent, and he afterwards came out and won the Welter Handicap, bo that this horse must be accounted a pretty useful customer. The racing at Williarastown on Saturday resulted in favor of backers, four favorites out of Bix getting to the judge first. Sea breeze, by Grand Prix— Foam, going out at 3ven money for the Hurdle Race, easily iefeated the second favorite. Another favorite in Sid, by Souvenir — Highland Mary, scored in the Trial Stakes. The Oootamundra gelding Mareohal Neil (by Sunrise— Rose) carrying 9.7, and T. Pegrem in the saddle, was the third favorite in suc cession to get home in the Welter Handioap, in whioh he ran over the six furlongs in 1 nun. 18seo., winning easily by three lengths from Valour, White Rose, and a couple of others. Yarrow, by Niagara — Bonny Doon, gained a length victory from Eular in the Jumpers' Flat Race. Hera (by Glorious— Pyrette), Carriok, and Spray secured the places in the Autumn Handicap, and Trent (by Trenton — Sumatra) wound up the day's proceedings by winning the Bay View Handicap, for which he started favorite at 5 to 2 against. Four of the winners at the meeting hail from out side Victoria. Seabreeze, Marechal Neil and Yarrow come from New South Wales and Sid from Queensland. The Adelaide Birthday races commenced on Saturday. The weather was favorable, aHd the attendance good. The Auction Stakes was won by Golden Fleece (by Stony, hurst -Golden Crest). The First Hurdle Race fell to N.Z. (by Sir Edmund — Rosy), with Kimbotbon and Jack Sprat in the other places. Thunderer (by the Musket horse Thunderbolt) snored in the City Handicap. The places in the Adelaide Stakes, a raoe for two-year-olds, were secured by Ttliesin (by Nautilus — Ursula), Thunder King, and Fire lock. Stoekings (by Hamlet's Ghost— Miss Twist) won the Selling Steeplechase, and the Elder Stakes was appropriated by Acton (by Martini-Henri — Acme). The second day's racing took place on Monday. The Don (by Bolton Green — Spanish Girl) won the Trial Stakes; Conscript (by Britisher — Conven- tion) scored in the Second Selling Hutdie Race ; the places in the Birthday Cup were occupied by Eleusinian (by Robinson Crusoe — Eleusis). Royal Admiral, and The Cue. vallier ; Firelock (by Enfilade — -Rustic) was home first in the Kensington Stakes ; Fund (by Glorious— Trust) appropriated the Nor wood Handicap : and Thunder King (by Thunderer— Britannia) won the Welter Han dicap. During his career as a jookey the late Sam Davis amongsb the many winning mounts which fell to hi3 lot, scored on the back of Fishhook in the Sydney Gold Oup and Queen's Guineas of 1867. Davis was twice victorious ia the Champion Race with Fish hook and Fireworks. Ha also won several races for tho late Mr. W. Pearson on Lamp lighter. In 1872 Davis won the Australian Cup on The Australian Buck. For many years Sam Davis had carried on the business of an hotolkeeper at Fiemingbon, and also occupied a seat in the local council. The West Australian Turf Club appears to be ia a nourishing condition. At the annual meeting held last week, it was an nounced that the club had made £6500 out of the year's racirig. The committee are said to have spent £10.000 in improvements on the Perth course during the past year, and the course is said to be a very nice oue. Mr. J. H. Smith, who has held the combined offioes of secretary and handicapper, is desirous of retiring, and the committee aro endeavoring to secure the services of the Vic torian handicapper, Mr. W. E. Dakin. It is not certain, however, whether Mr. Dakin would caro to accept the combined offices, Mr. Godfrey Watson purchased last week, ? on behalf of a Victorian Bjiorrsman, theAde-j laide hurdle-racer Nalpa. The price paid for tho horse it stated to bs £250. Nalpa is now beina trained by J. E. Brewer. The Tasmanian Governor- in-Couacil has passed' regulations under tho Gamma: Act prohibiting any person from establishing lotteries or swoops in Tasmania without first depositing £10.000 with the Government aa security for their bona-fido3. The operations will be subject bo o iicial supervision, and the deposit will ba subject to forfeiture on dis covery of any broaoh of the prescribed regula tions. The Act will, therefore, work auto matically, aud instead of some membors of the general public laying a complaint against irregularities, tho appointed officer will report, and forfeiture of the doposib will follow. Steve Mahon's old fltablea at the top of Kensington Hill, Melbourne, have been purchased by tho Messrs. Manifold. Eight horses will be quartered hero under the charge of Mr. Harrison. The Viotorian mare Patience, by Malua from Jessina. who was taken to Wost Aus tralia by Mr. S. Grimwood, at ono time a citizen of Melbourne, broko her fetlock and had to bo dustroyod. During a rocont visit to Sydnoy tho Vic torian sportsman, Mr. J. M. Roberts, pur oimsocl tho Olaronco River brod Athlono (by Anboros from Azulino)» and tho coib Inw ji-iueri Orumb and Sonata ao CaulfleUl. L»sb y«-ur Athlouo won tho Marea' Produce SUkoa and Sii'on' ProJin'o Stakes at the Clavonoo Jookey Club nieo;i., Tho Ginulngni horao Logs,' by Monbur, haa aha gono across fcho border, and has joined Cubitt'a string at I Caulfield ; whilst E. Davis's long string Ijas ! been strengthened by the addition or the j Wagga horses. Fashion, Ganmain, and Mar* guerite. Mr. 0. F. Glaasoock, of Melbourne, re ceived a letter from Singapore a few days ago announcing the death of The Skipper. Last season, it will be remembered, The Skipper won the A.J.O. Metropolitan Stakes, and was afterwards sold at a long price to Mr. OrlaRRftok on behalf of a Smcaninrn aportsman. The Skipper was by Robinson Crusoe from Lady Marden. At a salo of thoroughbred stock held in Sydney on Tuesday by Messrs. Inglis anji Son, the stallion Prime Minister was sold to Mr. D. Duffy, of Tamworth, for 42 guineas. Messrs. Proudfoot and Fletcher gave 2100 guineas for Prime Minister as a racehorse. . An offer of 600 guineas was refused for True Blue. At the West Australian Turf Club winter meeting held at Perth on Monday, Faultless (by Glorious — Perfection) won the Hurdle Race. Paul Pry (by Lochiel — Busybody) with 9.9 in the saddle secured the Birthday Cup, and Le Var (by Loohiel— La Valette), carrying 8.1, won the Queen's Plate by 10 lengths. The Corowa district bred horse Corncrake, by Brandon — Pattie, who badly injuted his knee in an accident at Caulfield some months since, has recovered soundness, and has been again put into work. The horse is now in the hands of J. Jones at Mordialloo. It was at first though!; the horse would not be fit to race again, but he is said to have thoroughly recovered from the efi?eob3 of the accident. Taranaki's haif-brother Rosebery (by Pad lock from Axiom), who was leased by Mr. S. L. West t® a Queensland racing man, per formed with credit) at the last Husfhenden races, having won the Trial Stakes and Hughenden Handicap, and ran second in the Flying Handicap to Opera, who was after wards disqualified for inconsistent running. In the Flinders Handicap, Rosebery looked all over a winner when he ran inside a post. As a result of the Border Race Club's meeting at Corowa the football and cricket oluba will benefit to the extent of £30. Word comes from Melbourne to the effect that the Riverina horse Carlsbad had broken down whilst executing a gallop on the Moenee Valley course last week. This is hard lines for Billy Cashen, as the horse was coming on nicely, and, barring accidents, would have given a good account of himself at the Mel bourne suburban meetings. The Victorian bookmaker, Mr. Alfred Josephs, who has so far recovered from the injury to his leg he sustained in Sydney last month that he ia expected to be able to walk again this week, has received a letter from Mr. Joseph Thompson, in which the ex Australian penciller states that he lost nearly £10,000 by the viotories of Winkfield a Pride in the Lincolnshire Handicap and Manifesto in the Grand National Steeplechase, Iu England good performers on the burf are of considerable value Three weeks j before the Lincolnshire Handicap Mr. J. C. | Sullivan was asked to put a prico on Wink- ' field's Pride, and he stated that £9000 was ! the lowest price at which he would part with the son of Winkfield — Alimony. The price was evidently considered too high, as no bar gain was made. When Mr. Sullivan was again approached on the subject he declined to sell the horse at all. Escort, by Chester — Supsrba, who was taken to Tasmania about a year ago, is now running amonget the hacks in Tasmania. Another Sydney horse which accompanied Escort is now doing duty as a drover's horse. Latest information respecting the promis ing young English stallion, Orme, is that the horse is suffering from paralysis of the brain, and not merely from a dental trouble, as had boon hoped. Orme was, writes tho Leader, perfectly quiet wIipii the last Jflnsfish mail left, but il ia of course »noro than doubtful whethor ho will ever recover. Ho is insured for £10,000, and tho underwrilersarenaturally alannod. Some of them were giving as much as 20 per cent, to re-;usnra Mioir risks in 're- gard to him. St. Simon has beon responsible , for several foals Buffering from birth with paralysis ot the brain.- So many strange things have happened to horsus that sums English experts arc loth to quietly give up the idea that there may be' some sort of merely local oa'hse for Orme's paroxysms of tsmper. Lowland Ciiief for some years had mi evil reputation as a bit of a savage, an«' ? there is no wonder when it wai a*; lonuth j discovered that the hoi so had a big darning ', ' uoedlrt stuck rij»hb into his tonjjui', at the , root of it. Tr.is was taken out, and it is. believed that it hid been there far two or three yo-irs. How it got there 1 was, of course, a mystery — probably in tho horse's hay —but afcer such an extraordinary I experience as this— ond Me. Allison, tho ?'Special Commissioner,' vouches for the truth of it — it docs not do to be easily con vinced that an animal does not show temper from some pain or othor, which, could tho poor beast but speak, you oould so easily put rijjlit. j Somo particulars of Ormo's caso may bo j interesting. Ormo for somo months past !ia« Iiopii showing tompov when at exercise ; in f-»ot, hia temper hnsa;radually become worse and worse. Tho clininx was reached wiion aft oxoveiso ho bsoamo qu'te unuiannijenbl', though twv- men woro with him. It was with grout diflimilty that tho-* brought fchw ht-rso back to his box, whoro ho fought and kicked 1 an-l plunged, mul bit hinm'lt through hu ' luuaalo, laisiijgajnaU pieces out of luasUa. It was with still greater difBculty that his bridle was taken off. He then became quiet almost directly, and has since remained ao. The moment, however, that any attempt is made to bridle him or to pub tackle oh him hia had temper begins to re-assert itself. ^ The veterinary surgeon, who did not see him in one of his paroxysms, thinks it would be very undesirable that the horse should serve any more mares this season. The latest theory in regard to Orme is that he was undoubtedly i vicGim oi mercunai poisoning on tn» aotorious occasion which is freah in memory, ind that the mercury having injuriously affected some part of the then growing bone of the skull, this corroded part ia now begin to press on the brain, with consequences which musb sooner or later be fatal unless something is done to arrest its development. Writing on the subject of the popular fallacy that the first born offspring of mares are inferior to their subsequent pro geny, ' Asmodeus' of the Leader gives along list of names of first foals that have pe; formed with considerable credit both in Australasia and the old country. The writer mentions that amongst the moat famous first foals con tained in the 'English Stud Book' — thafa Bacred volume which will not permit its pages to be Boiled by the inclusion of tha Australian champion Newhaven — are the famous Touchstone, Pyrrhus, Marc Antony, Wild Uayrell, Barcaldine, Carlcon, Melton, Hampton, and the 'old' Pantaloon. Of Wild Dayrell it has been recorded that ha was so feeble at first that he had to be wheeled about in a barrow, thus causing his owner to observe— he had never bred a thoughbred before— that if this was che class of animal that he had gone in for raising, he had better go back to orossbreds, for 'he was sure ha could never make up his mind to have hia foals wheeled about in barrowB.' Yet this sickly foal eventually grew into a fine horse, ~ and. trained by his owner's groom, he won the Derby. To come nearer home, the 'Stud Book' tells us that some of our most famous and stoutest horses were first foals. The Cham pion Stakes winners, Richmond, Wellington, and Porbsea, gtaud prominent in this connec tion. It has been alleged against first foals that, as a rule, they are puny and soft, but nothing of this kind can be said against t) & three horses named, who, m addition to an nexing the championship, accounted bttween them for a Victorian Derby, Australian Cup, and Adelaide Cup, besides numerous ofchee events of lesser importance. Were further proof necessary, add3 the writer, to show that the prejudice against first born animals is based uucu a fallacious foundation, one would not require to go beyond the Australian Cup,, the longest race in the southern hemisphero. Included in the roll of winners of this classic handicap are Columbus, Rimgwood, Broken Hill, and Portsea, all the firpt born offspring of their dams. Chester, Darriwell, Sheet Anohor, and Malvolio — magnificent stayers— -were first fcals, so also were The Plunger, Cran brook, Althotas, Masauerade, Imperial. Sar donyx, Pluto, Mistake, Golrisbrough, tho Derby winners (Miss Jessie. Flounce, and Oriflamrae), Avernuo (Hobarc Cup winner), Hdbena, and Maid of All Work (both Maribyinong Plate winners), Miss Jessie, Belmont, Artful Joe, Caspian, and Free Citizen. The Caulfieid Cup winner Ben Bolt formed another of the first foal division, and to mention other notable 'firsts ' the list may ba added to by the inclusion of Tom Brown (Tatbersall's Cud). Hortensius (Adelaide Birthday Cup), Trump Yoss (Haw kesbury Handicap), , The Lawyer (Adelaide Cup), Disfigured, Newmaster, Waterfoid. Belladrum, Aconile, and many other per formers of ksser light. Altogether, amongst the innumerable events won by Australian first foals were three Championships, four Melbourne Cups, four Au-tni'iaa Cups, foui* Victorian Derbies eiidit Oaks, f.w.' V.R C. St, L-gers. two Alan byrnong PLite«, four Newmarket 13,indiotps, one Sydney Oup, two Hawkeabuiy Handicaps, three M^tropoitans, --ne Cnultieid dip, two llobart Cups, one Adelaide Cup, two Ade laide Birthaay Cups, aud one Victo: iau Grand National Steopleona.se (won i-y Sussex). Mi\ Alfred Josephs, tho Victorian inotel lician, tel s a s.to:'y of tlin way that tbt) racing stewards inauagd affair* in a certain 'country' tint ha was m. He states tisat; tho stewards in question always looked out; tor N--. 1. hikI very rarely failed to tout the jockeys its they tiled in io be \wighe.i ou''. Porlups thero were ten atiirt-rs in a r»c\ and cno or tha stuward* would qu re acci dentally, of cour-e, meet iho iads aa u.ey went to sonle. In r^ply as to what chance he had, No. 1 jockey might eay that hii m»unt 'had nor. been fot-d-t-g well,' and when No. 2 ctm« along he woud vouchsafe the information that ?' the aiare ho wa» going to ride was short of work.' Simi;ar excuses would be made for about seyon of tho tun runners, and finally the stewards of the day would accost tUo ring and back each of the remaining throe. The motallician«, thinking that they had 'found one,' would perhaps bot 100 to 25 against each of two, und 160 to 20 against tht- third, which .would be re gurcU'd as fiOtul husino.** nntil it bscsmo pauiit a Jjitio lairr (hat they wore the unly three hort-os in th-- butting, mid trvuig to win, and it; was 1000 to 1 on urto ot' the tno getting fiist't.. tin- jnrtsr'. 