POLITICAL POINTS. Slioul'l the Premier close the von siou in December numerous bills will be PiK-rilU'ei). Mr llimli Taylor announces liis in- totitiun of standing for Parramattn as a Protectionist. ? ??'.,'.. Mr Iteid on " Liberty of Speech": "It is the curso of, Parliament, and enables one member to keep the House sitting all night."- ' / Mr ltunaell Jones made hi* bow (real English) ;:to r .',tl|e' Assembly on Tiiefdny.' A choru.4 of " How's Picca dillv.?v greeted him. :-r ; . \ ?..._.. .. Pdatmastor-Geueral Cook is. llio" youai;e?.t member of'N.S. \\\T. Ministry. He ie 40;' Car rut hers—"'-youus; Car ruthere" lie is still called—is 12, ' :;Dr/jyiaclauriii, M.L.C., shows signs of yielding to the same gentle presaiiro which urges It. E. O'Connor fro in the jM.S.W. Upper.to the Lower Chaai her. Mr Cook wns at Lithgow the other ?iveiiiiig, and he expressed the opinion that when woiiirn' obtained tho franchise many social evils would bo redreeeed. Tho Government of Victoria have decided to take a vote of the peiiple next April on the Commonweulth Bill, and on the question of roligious edu cation in Ststo schools. It is a strange coincidence that tliiT initials of tho names of the Federal delegates nioiiopnliso nearly, the whole of the alphabet. Had Queens land come-in it is possible every letter would havo been represented. Mr' Sleuth: "'ln niy part pf. the country (.Uroken Mill) thn liquor is bud aud the water is hot, ami there are greater inducements for peoplo to go mad thore than at other places." ' The proposal to amalgamate tho Savings Banks in not altogether for gotten. Mr Pyers proposes to ask the Premier Whether he intends to introduce the State Bank Bill this session or during the present Parlia ment. . It is rumored in well informed political circled that while tho new stamp duties are certain to pR?s the Atiseinhly they will be.rejected hy the Council. It is stated that a dissolu tion and general election may come tjonner than is expected. Minister* Inivo revised their esti mate of the dato on which Parliament can/ close iU business. There are already several bills to bo disposed of. ThoPremiiT thinks that ho ean get all the bueniess through bv December ?9'cr 10. According to Mr J. D. Fitzgerald, who has just returned after a trip to Europe, Mr Jiilin liurns, M.1 , , fur luttereea, will vicit Australia early nt xt year. Like Tillet, Burns will probably succeed in slirWng up a few more Liihor qnnrrels. Mr Frank Faruell ajiain failed to get on Villi his Flora Protec tion Bill on Tuesday. Such terms as Ccratopetaluui gummiferuin (Christ mas bush), Plychospernia cunniiig- Jmuiii (Dungolnw. palm), Deiidrnliiuin speciosum (rock lily). ?tc., proved too ill ii cli lor honorable members. .Mr IlnynCH: .Let my honornhlo friend make hie name . Mr Faniell: Thank God it's inado I (L.iuuhtiT.j Mf H;iynes: I moan as a. reforiiiiT— as a wood bug. (Loud luuuhter.) . Mr Haynes: No (lower wants legis lative attention more than the Balhurst burr. "Why does not Mr Farnell havo the courage of hinopinion, and lace tho native pear? (Laughter.) Waterloo AiiderMon, M P., referred to Mr Miller, M.P., as a " Mouaro erocodilc," whereupon Mr Miller de clared Mr Algernon was a " Botany frog." There is always an excuse for -smart witty retorts, but such cluinny epithets as the foregoing might do credit to n couplo of aged lemales engaged in a Billtngxgato contest. Tho two men had just passed a coup'e of hours in the Legislative As sembly, aud one speaker had been talking all the time. " 1 can't stand this any longer," " On. 1 enjoy it." ? said tho second, a widower, as the tears streamed down his cheeks. "I never heard nnythiug that reminded ino po much of my poor, dear wife." It is intended to take steps to havo the Diseases in Vegetation Bill re fltored to the order paper in the Council. Mr Smith thinks that the bill was rejected undera.inisapprehi-n -eiou an to ila real character and objwts. Tnere is similar legislation in force in all the other colonies, and, as a result, he says, much of their inferior fruit is .sent into the Sydney market, bringing ?their'dixeiiHi-fi with "them. Mr Waddell,. iho M.P. for Cobnr, is making his " calling and election " sure next dissolution of llio Assembly f y placing on tho business piper of the t£mi!<o n resolution to fix n mini mum rate of wnges lor miners. Such a proposal line, of course, not tho ghost of a chance of becoming law, and the Cobar repreeenativo known this ; but tho bill, in this ense. will he taken for the deed. . Mr AViiddell would not like to be ousted at tho next pcramlilo for seals by a labor. member belonging to the Order of Solidarities. Thisj country is cur?ed by political jriuii'ners who facrifico their avowed principles by occiinioii ally embracing Bingle idea* which destroy all olatms tu_coiiHiste!iey. : MrSchev roFerred in the Assembly on 'Tuesday: to a case in which it was alleged that, miscarriege justice had taken, place. A man named John Boden-was arrested and charged by the police with being" a anrpecterf (lereon. When tho matter caiiio before the enurt B?deu received a Hcntenvo of one month. v lt ''ad sinco been aet-ertained that Rolen was a well known property owner, and it wa* now xlnted that no dot?bt existed them had been a miHCarriago of justice. Jir Bruukrr replied tlint the .facts of ilve caso Imd brought (under the notice :of tho Minister for 3 ut.tice, ; juxii ; unn.uiries wero ?. being 'made.' ?''.: .' ; : ' : '"'..'".. . ??',. . : .?. ?. ?.'?. 