NOVEL. Judicial Error. By Marian Manyille Pope. CHAPTER XVIII. — (Continued.) Mrs. Newal was weeping softly behind her handkerchief. The minister's. face was like a star, so white, so shiniug in the darkness. He was looking earnestly at the doctor, trying to catch his eye. He seemed to care more about him than abouc the jury, whose decision had just been rendered. At last the doctor, catching the minister s appealing eye, rose suddenly and went over to him. Mr. Baxter stood up to meet him, and said something to him. Dr. Matheson bowed, and then, moved apparently by a sudden impulse, extended his hand and grasped the minister's warmly, as" if in gratitude and encouragement. Sitting back a few rows, Walaruff Bowman exclaimed in a low voice, as if regardless of the distance between himself and the doctor, whom he addressed, ' There ! What did I tell you r Didn't I say it was the angel's innings next?' CHAPTER XIX. This extraordinary scene had riveted the attention of every being in the court-room, from the judge to the >ast important in dividual there. Even the judge waited with the rest for that- something which every one felt was ooming next. The doctor stood beside the prisoner for a moment, and then, at a gesture from him, sat down in a chair he had vacated and fixed his eyes upon Catherine Newal. There was a telegraphic signal in his glance, for its intelligence thrilled her, and her bosom rose and fell tumultuously with quickened breath. And then, deep and full and sonorous, not in those husky, rasping tones with which be had given his testimony, but in the wonder fully musical voice wi:h which the pulpit o:ator had moved his hearers to laughter or to tears in bygone days, the minister spoke. ' Mea culpa.' The stillness could not have been greater in that crowded court-room if it had been given over to the silence and darkness of the midnight hours when no human soul lived in it. Outside, the night-wind drew a long deep sigh under the eaves. ' There comes a time in the life of every man,' the minister said, ' innocent or guilty, when for some cause, known only to himself perhaps, he stands in spirit before the bar of justice. This bar may be only his own eon- science, or it may be such a court as this, I have stood before the bar of my own con science : I have sentenced myself there. I have stood in this court of justice, I have heard the verdict, and 1 am ready for the sentence . But I stand now also in the sight ot that Supreme Judge from whose decisions there can be no appeal. He has condemned me, as the judge of this court' will presently in justice condemn me. ' The finding of the jury was right. How right, not even they are yet aware, though I will presently make it clear. But their finding! was also wrong : they have returned the wrofflg verdict against me. They should have found me' — he paused, as if to lay great- ('stress upon the words for which the roorr'- id J listening in a conflict of hope and deepa.i v-' they should have found me guilty of murder in first degree.' A shudder of horror and pity went through the room like a breath. The broker, who bad been leaning eagerly forward, now sat stolidly back, crossed one knee over the other, and mut tered under his breath, ' By George !' He was unaffectedly astonished and disap pointed. ' There has been a soul from the pit in your midst for a year and a half. Oh,' — the minister's voice broke with his emotion, — " if I could only bare that soul before you, if I could only show you its travail, if I could lay it and its misery, its agony, its remorse, before the world for all men to look at, there would never be another crime com mitted by man from now until the day of judgment. My temptation was too great, but before that my pride was too great, and it was the devil of that pride that ruined me. I was a minister of God : I knew my powers: I knew the need of the Church. I despised tho paultriness of my little inheritance. I wanted to make it more. I speculated ; I won. I staked again ; I lost. I had nothing to pay my debt. My notes fell due : they were renewed. Tbey again fell due : they were about to go to prote-t. That meant that they would be made public. It was then, upon the evening of the 3rd of May, that I asked Mr. Atterly for aid. He was stern and inflexible, with rigid ideas of what a minister should do, and he abhorred specula tion in any shape. He said it was gambling and he could not make himself responsible for ray (rambling debts. He said I was an unfit person to he a trustee for his gift to the church: He would change his will the next day. Every word he said hurt and stung, but I give you my word, solemnly as if it \rere my last, I never thought of harming that good old man. I was coming away, j when Caleb Newal came. I went back, fearing to leave him alone with Mr. Atterly, who was heated with his talk with me. I feared he would divulge the secret of my debt, that must so soon bo known, and I still had the hope of Mr. Sawyer's returning before my note fell due. I felt that he might help me. I stayed until Caleb came away, and I came away with him. The old man seemed very fond of him, perhaps un usually so, contrasting his uprightness ,vith what he had dalled my want of principle.' My God, how right he was !' Eor a moment he bowed his faoe in his hands, and his body shook with two or three dry sobs. Then he . went on rapidly, hurriedly, as he had spoken before, in short, quick sentences, sketching the scene, he described. ' I had been interested in mesmerism: I had developed the power the witness from my old home described. I had tried it upon Caleb Newal at his request, for he was inter ested in it. We had not spoken of it even to Dr. Matheson, for I did not wish any one else to know I possessed it. I considered it a species of black art, which a man of God should not practice. But I was willing to teach Caleb what I knew, thinking it niight be useful to him. That niglit as we tiame away I thought sadly, not angrily, 'If Caleb had asked him for the loan he would have given it.' The thought suggested another to me. Why not place Caleb under the in fluence, and get him to borrow the money for me ? It was dangerous, but I was des perate. Afterwards, if occasion demanded, I would explain to Caleb. He would for- , give me, and I would pay him out of my salary. But, whether in my haste and ex- , citement I failed to use my power as I should or from whatever cause it may have been, Caleb did not respond to it as usual. He . became simply unconscious, aud lay like a log upon she garden bench wnere I had placed him. I was alarmed. I was panic- stricken. But here another thought sug gested itself. Put on Caleb's hat and coat, imitate his voice, — our voices were said to be alike, — and ask in his name. I stripped the coat off my unconscious friend ; I put on his hat. I went back in a tremor of nervous dread and fright. I stood in the shadow of the thick reading-shade upon the lamp .which shone brightly upon the table, and L asked Mr. Atterly. Perhaps the repetition of the request, perhaps my manner, perhaps my voice, aroused his suspicion. He said, ' Caleb, that does not sound like you,' and he suddenly lifted the green shade. The light fell full qpon my face. He looked at me with a look of deadly aversion. 'So,' said he, 'you are an imposter as well as a gambler? You are not a fit person to be a Christian minister : I shall expose you.' A demon rose suddenly within me. My temper had been violent as a youth, but I had not an outburst for many years. This demon within me lifted my hand : I struck him. The look of contempt and aversion upon the old man's face changed to one of fear. The sight of his fear maddened me. I seized the heavy-headed stick that stood beside his desk, and struck him fiercely. He threw up his hands. I struck them dvwn. He tottered and fell, striking his head heavily against the corner of the desk as he did so. I believe that blow killed him, but I am none the less his slayer. At the side of the prostrate figure I seemed to come to myself again. I knelt beside him : I called him ; he did not answer. -Then I ran out into the darkness, where Caleb was lying upon thejbeneh. I stripped off my coat and thrust it upon him. I took the hat from my head and pressed it upon his And then, maddened by the memory of that eld white-haired man upon the floor inside, I ran hack again. My hand was upon the bell-rope to call assistance, but I bethought myself in time. I knelt beside him. I lifted hi" bleeding head in my hands. The wound upon the temple was so big, so in dented, I dared not think he still lived. I dared not think he was dead. I rushed out into the darkness again. My God ! my God! what darkness have I not groped through since !' He flung up his hands over his head, and lifted his haggard face, as if beseeching pity from a visible God wbo sat enthroned some where in the space above iiitn. ' I- made those passes before Caleb's face which, had hitherto restored him to conscious ness. Like my effort to place him under control before, these attempts were only partially successful. I seized him by the arm and dragged him down the road towards the bridge. He must have stood where I had left him a long while, for I ran as Cain ran. I made my hasty call upon the Broadbente. Then I ran out into the night again, up the canal, stumbling along the east shore. I heard mule bells along the tow-path on the other side. I flung myself in the grass until they passed. I heard the boy singing as he ran beside the mules and I envied him bis light heart. What should I do ? what should I do ? Bat as I stumbled along in the dark, after they vhad passed, I came upon a little fiat- boat half drawn up on the bank. There was a piece of wood beside it. I pushed the boat off and paddled o-ver. There I set it adrift, and, walking back towards the bridge, I met the canal-boat with the captain I knew. I hailed, him. I wanted some one to know I was on, that side of the canal. He told me the bridge- tender had just told him Mr. Atterly had been murdered. Then. I went to the Manor. I had no peace because of Caleb. What was his state ? When I saw him, his coat was blood-stained. They were questioning him, — my God ! Again my pride arose : the devil whispered in my ear, ' Be silent. You are not suspected. What would it be to the Church if your name should be heard in connection with this night's work?' I said a few words, and rushed away out in the night again. I ran miles and miles that night. I think I was mad. I know I lifted my forehead to my God, branded as it was with the curse of Cain, and entreated my Creator to strike me dead with a bolt of his wrath, to plunge me into the bottomless pit, to fling me id to the lake of fire and brimstone. The tongues of the eternal flames would Lave. been sweet and cool upon my forehead compared to the torment and agony of the thoughts within. But I was not to die. Death was for saints, not for sinners. My punishment had begun, but my work was not yet finished. I had to live. I had to endure. I had to witness the agony of that mother and those sisters when the innocent man was imprisoned, tried, condemned, executed for my crime. I re nounced my hope of heaven here when I came out of Caleb Newal's laboratory that night and left him in that blood-stained coat with the marks of my gripping fingers on the sleeve, — left him, and those dear to him and me, without a word. No one but my self knows what I renounced that night. I saw my hope of heaven here, and my hope of heaven hereafter, go down into the bottom less pit of my awful crime. The day he died for me, as Christ died for other sinners, I died a thousand deaths. And not one, — I Hwear to my hope of forgiveness in some coming age, when my soul has been purged bv an eternity of suffering which I would, oh, so gladly submit to ! — not once was! I deterred from speaking, from confessing my guilt, by fear of the consequences to me. There is no punishment the law can condemn my physical frame to endure, or human hands can inflict upon me, so terrible as the punishment I daily and nightly and hourly endure in my remorse and repentance. ' I have flung myself into my Master's work since then. I, the wicked, blood stained murderer, have tried to atone as I could. Judge ve, among whom that work has been done, if it has not been done with a whole heart. I have prayed beside the dying, I have comforted the unhappy, I have spoken to the suffering and sinful, better, perhaps, because the key to all human misery was resting in my own heart's blood. But, oh, how humble has been my pride ! How weak and litfie and puny has been my strength ! How small my offering of atone ment in proportion to my crime.!' He ceased speaking, overcome- by hie I agony, and cast his pitiful woe-begone eyes 1 1 about him. His face -was ghastly in the | I lamp-jight ; his breath came convulsively. Dr. Matheson, watching every move with' keen professional attention, took a little phial from bis pocket and shook from it two or three flat white tablets. He handed one silently to the suffering man, who accepted it as silently and lifted his hand to his mouth. Great drops of perspirhtion stood upon his forehead, and there was a drawn look of acute physical suffering mingled with his mental anguish that was distressing to behold. ' I have been,' he continued, the wonder ful voice which had swept his hearers along by the pathos of its inflections ringing clear yet, hut a little weaker. ' I have been like the criminal of old who was chained to the putrid and festering corpse from which there was no release except by death. The stench of it has been in my nostrils, the weight of it has lain upon my shoulders. Nothing but my pride in my calling has sealed my lips. It would have been easier to speak than to remain silent, easier to die than to live, bnt T owed a duty to my Church. My Church, the Bride of Christ Jesus, should not be held accountable for my sin. And oh, now, when for the last time I lift my voice in appeal to the human heart, I beg you, as I would not beg for mercy for myself, be merciful to the cause I have so pitifully dishonored. Do not visit my disgrace upon the Church. A man in orders is only a man, only human, and the strength which should be bis from above may not equal the power of his own weakness. It is paradoxical, but true, that a man's weakness may be stronger than his strength.' "Woe to him, then, when his temptation becomes greater than his resist ance ! But that is not the fault of the Church. It is a help and a safeguard, but not a guarantee, to its ministers or members. Judge my sin, then, apart from my pro fession. Separate all the good I have done from all the bad ; lay the good upon the altar and the bad upon my grave. Do not chain my memory to the Church like a rotting carcass from whioh every one would shrink away. Let the work go on. What ever my hands have done that has been good, do not, do not, as you hope for mercy, cast out ! Take up the work : carry it on bravely : let my crime stand, as did the gibbet upon the cross- roads in olden times with its stake driven through the murderer's heart, a warning to every passer-by that little crimes lead to greater ones, little lies involve bigge1, debt may lead to murder, and even a man who meant as well as I did may fall from grace as I; fell, if he is not constantly mindful of the road he takes. One little step in the wrong path opens the way to dishonor, and it may be the begin ning of the road to hell. Oh, if I could undo the past, if I could only hope,' — his voice rose shrilly, and he stretched out his hands entrealingly towards the Newals, — ' if I could hope that you could forgive me, you, whom I have so cruelly and bitterly wronged ; if I could restore the dead to life ' The last sentence came haltingly ; bis eyes closed, and the out stretched arms fell to bis side. He staggered a moment : in that moment the doctor's strong arm was around him. The minister's right hand fluttered feebly, then groped its way up and hid itself under his coat over his heart. The doctor eased him down to the chair and knelt beside him. 'Listen,' he said, in a low but intense voice. ' Listen ; try to hear me.' He placed his lips close to the dulling ear and whispered two or three words. So intense was his desire to com municate this tidings, of whatever nature, to the man in his arms that he placed one hand over the right hand under the coat and shock it slightly. The ' minister's head was against his shoulder : again he whispered his message. The eyelids fluttered, the eyes opened for - an instant, and the whole body thrilled as if electrified. He tried to stagger to his feat, with his face fall of wonder and happiness, the radiance of an expression whose like no ey9 there had ever seen upon a human face before. And, turning thus as if to repeat this message to the world, witn the joy and wonder ot it on his countenance, his head fell backward upon the doctor's shoul der, the clinched right hand relaxed and slipped out to clasp feebly with the left, and both lay quietly folding the dead young mother's picture over the still heart. CHAPTER XX. Outside the night was wild and gusty. In the belt of timber where the whippuorwill sang in the past the wind whined and howled as though ghosts of the old pack were abroad, and dead leaves rustled and whirled as if sent flying by their scurrying feet. Somewhere ahead the wraith of the red fox might be running, the red fox whose descendants had been taught to fear the trap and gun more than the yelping pack. And this wild night put its dark hands against the sash and shook the court-house windows until they rattled again. The dark ness pressed thick and black against the panes and peered into the court-room, where lamps smoked and flickered in little currents of air rushing in through shrunken case ments. The litter of books and legal docu ments upon ono of the long tables had been pushed aside, and upon this the prisoner lay with his white face gleaming, in the lamp light and his hands still in the position in which they had been placed by his last con scious effort. Two or three physicians struggled out of the crowd, and with Dr. Matheson made a brief examination of that' figure stretched out so quietly among the papers that had been evidence against it. The throng of the semi-lighted rear of the room remained spellbound in its cramped and wearisome positions, unconscious of its own discomforts in the absorbing interest of the scene before it. Many people had wept at the minister's recital, aud now and then a sob here and there in the crowd, or a long, quivering sigh, testified that some tender-hearted member of the church over which he had presided still grieved for its fallen idol. Presently Dr. Matheson, who had laid his fingers gently upon the wrists of the man he had lifted to the table, said, solemnly, — ' Your honor, the prisoner at the bar has indeed passed before that Higher Tribunal of which he spoke. Se is dead. I believe,' — and the doctor turned to include the room as he continued, 1 1 believe that be died happy because (of my message to him. I have this same message to deliver to you, for I believe that your rejoicing will be only second to that of the suffering soul that has just passed among us. ' It is a long story, hut it supplements and completes the one proceeding it. It clears the mysteries that have for so long a time made the Manor and Mystery synonymous words. I must go back to the day of toe execution of Caleb Newal, and in so doing it will not be necessary for me to repeat what I have so often repeated to many of you as individuals, and to all of you in this court room, about my confidence in the innocence of my friend. I have established that in nocence. I have fulfilled tho vow I made upon his scaffold to clear his name of every stain upon it. But I have now to relate to you a story stranger than any you have list ened to here. ' It will be remembered my many of you that after the execution I myself conveyed the body of ray friend to th6 Manor. "With the aid of our own servants we carried that body into the home that had been his, where his heart-broken mother and sisters were waiting in an agony whose like it is impos- possible to imagine. We placed the coffin in that home of suffering, and I removed the lid. The black cap was still over his face : I left it so. That discoloured countenance could not be seen by those who loved it. They could only have the cold and barren comfort of touching those poor hands which I had unbound from behind his back previous to laying him in the coffin. (To bb OontinuBd.) 