A. LIGHT BATTERY IN ACTION. 3MEETING • "AN' ATTACK BY ; THE ■ ENEMY—A- GALLANT' DEFENCE— RETREAT. . VVr • [By. William:-W,J3aseoth.-] " Can you see anything V" said tne captaan ot the battery,, standing up in his stirrups and peering into the.thiok fog. .' : He spoke to one of his lieutenants who had \- ridden up to him at that instant. They gazed and listened together between the guns,-in the very centre of the line, of six pieces of artillery —for the young captain's' battery was un Kmbered, loaded with canister, and in position for instant firing.. . . i v. ! So thick was the fog: that' they could see neither the extreme right nor left of their.own guns, around each one of which its detachment of men stood at strained attention. . . • • From the front came the sound of an occa sional musket shot, and now and then a bullet hissed far above their heads.' This firing in creased in volume, but, was still irregular and scattering. It crackled ominously, now' to • their right arid now'to their lSfg but always deep in the fog to their front. ' ' Suddenly the musket-firirig developed-not a. hundred yards from their faces, arid a volley, of bullets sang around them.::" This volley was evidently replied to by a- rattling picket-fire, and just then both officers exclaimed— VTseethem?' A . very thiri line of Union, infantry, so shrouded in the fog that the; men; seemed like ghosts,* came drifting along in* retreat toward the guns. Now..and then one of these men would tiurn: arid'discharge ;his; rifle into the thick mist; arid'then hurry to keep' "dressed" on in- line vwith. his comrades,; most of whom ■' seeriied to understand that their fighting was, for the moment,', at an end. The captain of 1 the battery rode forward to'meet them. " Where arethe enemy hedemanded. "Right behirid us!" replied' the panting 'lieutenant of the picket line, with; a cheerful laugh; "We-held them to the very last, and. drove back;* their skirmishers,- but .their main , lino of battle is moving forward now." * ' '; As he spoke a heavy' mriskeV fire blazed furiously, from;, the enemy's line; the leaden missiles flew • harmlessly abovp; the battery,' and the densityrdf- fhefog" seemed, doubled; ; We "Wori't ; make ; that iriistake, Allyri; whatever we do;" said' the. captain coolly, re ferring'to; the enemy's high firing. Then, riding,-'to the rear of the line : of; guns, he shouted— " Run .rip your screws ! , Depress the muzzles well!" 'They're right on. to. us, sir !" • exclaimed Allya; dashing rip; to his captain; '' see, sir, see!" ■' • • Th'e.coriibiried fog and- smoke had thinned for.-an instarit;' shifted by a breath of the morn ing air. -And now, not 50 yards before the guns, .checked for an. instant by a Virginia fence; o'verl whioh . they .were swarming, came the daimtles's infantry of the Southern Con federacy;. ' ' " Yes, -I see," said the captain. . This was the instant for which he had waited. It seemed to him tuen as if his whole ,'life had been a preparation for that-crisis. The gunner at each piece had adjusted the screw, to 'give the gun the necessary depression, and had brought the muzzle to bear, on the line of, the fence. ; :A-'"' VV ' " Commence firing I'Vshouted/the captain. Crash ! crash ! crash ! responded the giins, one after another.' Crash! crash! crash! There was an interval between thedischarges, but so brief that the roar blended in one sub bine peal. .. . ••/'. ... :. Now thick white clouds of smoke so mingled with the fog" and enveloped guns, men,, and horses that if was impossible,to distinguish anything,.' Vaguely indeed, as: if they were flitting .shadows,. =.the_-captain.';saw his men 'working it' the pieces,- under , whose blasts the earth rockpd. Now and then a team of horses reared and plunged, excited to frenzy by the thunder at the artillery. '; . , , : The captain rpde up and' down' the line between this'guns and their, limbers, , His face was turned'jtowards the enemy, from whom no shots came pow. . / . Alas for them !' Their brave advance was at an end.: '. The captain could not see it, but from the. fact; that he heard, no more bullets whizzing about him he knsw as well as if he had been able to see that on both sides of the railfence, andindeed onitahdamongits broken and splintered timbers, dead and wounded men lay thick. . . : , ' , - : : Neither; bearing; nor-feeling shots from his front the young artilleryman knew, his fire had been .effective; but what about his flanks? Since, just before sunrise, ho had been ordered to take up tihat position, no communication had reached h'im from any one in authority. ; He: supposed he was provided with . an. in fantry, suppori both on his right and on'his left,' but he \ was not ' .certain. So . dark had been ;' the ; morning, although, it was in . the mcinth : of August, so thick had ..beien .the'fog and so occupied had he been with watching for the onslaught of the. enemy, that ho knew, nothing of what had gone on else where than within.his own command. .'; But.he gave the command,. "Cease firing!" The din of the canon was diminishing, although the smoke had not lifted, when suddenly, -with a terrible shriek, a heavy shot cut the air,over J his head.; Another bird of the same flock struck ;the sod in front of him, and then soared away to take rest far within the Union lines.'', - ' :He could discern, as if .they, were flashes of 'electricity, the flame of the enemy's, cannon. They bad brought up their' guns to crush the battery which had, so cruelly repulsed their infantry. "Load with shell!" ordered the captain, riding down the line; "load with shell, and fire at the flashes of their guns !" His guns were rifled and carried a percussion shell. : ; So far not a man or horse of his command had'been injured. ' Every shot of the enemy's hadbeen thrown away. But even as he was wondering at his good fortune, a spherical case burst between the two guns where he at the instant had pulled up, his horse. He saw the number, one man drop his sponge-staff and roll over, on the' sod, and was.conscious that the horse on which he himself sat was sinking under him. " Give me your horse, Kelly !" he cned.to a bovish-looking soldier who had followed him like his shadow. The captain and the soldier were. on their feet at the same instant. Tbecaptain sprang into the saddle vacated by his follower, who ran to the rear and threw himself face. down ward under acaisson. In the roar and tumult the young captain wondered more than ever as to what was taking place on his rieht and on his left. Nowfiomboth these localities the sound of firing came sharp 'and heavy, and seemed to move in and to close to the rear. It was as he had feared. On both sides of him the line had been forced back, and the enemy was pushing hard on the retreating line. ■. • - ■' ' One regimental commander had given no thought to the battery he had been ordered to support, and had left it to take care of it self.; the other colonel had sent his adjutant with a warning; but ■ this messenger lay dead on the field—shot down as he' rode on his errand. • ' . : " Am i cut off 5" .thought the captain. " Get the guns off the field into the road one at a time," he said'to Allyn, who was his effi cient first officer, " ahd fall 'back then on to our line, which is away to - the rear by this time. Be quick about it, too ! I will bring up the rear.' He rode to the right flank and encouraged the men at these guns to increase the rapidity of their fire. ! Ho could not see his left, but was conscious, that the guns there had ceased their fire and Were moving away. In a moment more AUvn reported to him: . " " "All the gdns' are in the road but these two."' :: ■ • A "Take one pf:' these with• you," was the reply, "and don't come back." Through theV smoke he saw his obedient officer disappear with the piece. And .now, with the cessation of-.the fire.of .five out.of six of the guns, the'hir bega'ffithclear.:« A'- ' Still the hostile battery :iii his front kept up its angry demonstration. ' This was. music to his ears, for,'it indicated .that the enemy had not discovered that.he was "limbered up" and moving off. -.At such a. time, a'.b.a.ttery is per fectly defenceless."—Now.::^.coffid'diei.gefr. away with the last gun YrrThat was'the'question.. •" Cease firing'!" he called to the sergeant of the piece. . Limber , to the rear ! Forward now," for your lives !" • ; v . > ' " : ■ Thcv gallant' teams ' of: the" caisson' and the limber threw their shoulders against the collars with ' a dash ; horses as well as men seemed to. comprehend the; extremity of the crisis; . .J.'.. . ... V 'The r.bad- at -the:point' where the five guns bad escaped Was : already occupied by. the enemy's infantry.' As. the smoke lifted and they .saw the remaining gun, '.' they yelled in' triiimpl^ and'fired'their rifles at ' it. One of the three-pien" on the lumber; chest fell back with a bullet through his brain;' • "Pitch |iim off;" said the captain, sharply. He held l)is cocked 'revolver' m his. hand. "Oblique tio the left. Forward—forward !" As the,'teams dashed furiously on, the enemy, whp Were being every instant rein forced, fired and moved along the road to intercept thein. When the artillery reached the shallow ail d narrow ditch which separated the field fromAthe road, the two hostile bodies met for an insfiaht in a wild melee. " The captain lloes not know to this day how the gun was s^.yed, any more than fie knows just when that '.rifle hall pierced his legbut as , his' trousers' were burned, by the : flash of the fifle, it lnust have been at very close quarters. '■ ; '' : ' . 'A.' The sergeant was shot through the left arni; two of>the .mer^ on the chests were killed. Neither the captain nor sergeant'had' a shot left in his fevoivei'When they compared notes a few moments lator. ; ■ With aWild rusty a lashing and spurring of horses, a rapid volley .of rifles and cracking of pistols, rumbling of wheels and clanking of chains, the last guti. of tlie battery made its retreat'fro'm the position, it had defended with such consummate: gallantry. -Eostwi Youth's Companion.! 