A SYDNEY MIRACLE. - INVESTIGATED BY A REPORTER. THE INTERESTING CASE OF MiR THOMAS JARVIS WHo -SAYS THAT A EEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIPPLED-PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM Loco nOTOR ATAXIA AND IIHELPLESS. .-DOTORS HosPITAL . UTHORITIES, AND EVERYONE SAID HE' MUST DIE AS. HIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN TO-DAY HE IS A NEW MAN I FULL OF LIFE AND.' ENERGY, IIS. CRUTCHES,ý HE HAS " THRnoW AWAY ms DEAD LIBsS,- HAVE LIFE. HIS APrPEITE ILs RETURNED, .ND IN FACT HE HAS A NEW LEASE OIF LIFE OUT AND OUT. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian WIorkman. a few weeks ago. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions he said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady,I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island" " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. . They were for all .the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March I saw a well known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" " No; 1 came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed, I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxy, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, character ised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that Imight last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just, as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by an advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recover ing my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me befor e I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.". "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the manteloiccc there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer needc them. Everybody who knows me Tias been surprised at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of theastouishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They care locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, sucl a aanmmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, ncervous head ache, etc. These pills are a tonic not a purgative. They are genuine ottly with the full name Dr. Williams' PinkPills for Pale People and are sold by chemists anoe storekeepers gener ally or the Dr. Wlilliams' Medicine Company Qaecn's :Place, Sydney will forward on receipt of statnps or post order one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dnzen for I Is. 9d. 