MARK TWAIN'S HUMOR. Is there any Englishman living, asks the Daily Chronicle, who does not enjoy the humor of Mark Twain ? If there is, we can only re peat to him what Orlando said to the melan choly Jaques : we " do desire we may be better strangers. ' He deserves to be bored to death by what another famous humorist called " wild curates." Here is another volume from Mark Twain— Tom Sawyer, Dectective, and Other Stories— not a very fat volume, but 'tis enough, 'twill serve to send the judicious into the sort of laughter that, as the French say, makes a pint of good blood. Its eponymous hero, as the classical scholiasts would say — and is not Mark Twain a classic ?— is, of course, tho same "soar ing human boy " whoso friendship for Huckle berry Finn is as famous as that of Orestes for Pylades, of Montaigne for La Boétie, or of Edmond de Goncourt for his brother Jules. Tom was all for mystery ; Huck was all for pie. To put it in Huck's own words, "It was always nuts for Tom Sawyer — a mystery was. If you'd lay out a mystery and a pie before moe and him, you wouldn't have to say take your choice, it was a thing that would regulate itself. Because in my nature I have always run to pie, whilst in his nature he has always run to mystery. People are made different. And it is the best way." In the new volume you shall read how Tom ran to mystery " way down "to Arkansas, and fell in with a diamond sneak, and tracked a corpse with a bloodhound and covered himself with glory by "reconstituting a crime" after the manner of his countryman Edgar Poe in The Murder in the Rue Morgue. And you shall find that Tom is the same magnificent liar as be- fore — vicariously, through the medium of Huck. "I'll leave that to you,' he says. .'I reckon you can explain it somehow.' He was always just that strict and delicate. He never would tell a lie himself." To be sure, when Huck told his aunt a whopper about people straw- berrying by night, it was Tom who had to come to the rescue with an elaborately superior explanation to the effect that "If you'd studied natural history the way you ought, you would know that all over the world except just here in Arkansaw they always hunt strawberries with a dog— and a lantern ." When you have done with the fun of this story, the philology of it will be a separate ecstacy. Do you know what a " druther" is, for instance? Then read and perpend:– "Any way you druther have it ; that is the way I druther have it — there ain't any druthers about it, Huck Finn; nobody said anything about druthers." Translate "Gentle as mush." Say what part of speech is "somers." It would be easy to set a very stiff examination paper on Mark Twain. A brief paper (which reads like a reprinted lecture) on " How to Tell a Story " lays down the startling proposition that " the humorous story is American, the comic story is English, the witty story is French." But the " Contes Drolatiques," which are more comic than witty, are French, not English ; and Sidney Smith's anecdotes, which are more witty than comic, are English, not French. Mark Twain here mixes up his categories, and hardly improves matters by the dogma that "the humorous story : de- pends for its effect upon the manner of the tolling ; the comic story and the witty story upon the matter." The difference between wit and humor is a very old bone of contention, but, however it be defined, there can be no doubt, we think, that one quite as much as the other depends upon the nature of the idea expressed no less than upon the mode of their presentation. Mark goes on to claim all the humorous stories for America, because the Americans are the only people who can tell a funny story with a grave face, carefully slurring the point, and making adroit use of the pause. This is how Artemus Ward used the pause : — "I once knew a man in New Zealand who hadn't a tooth in his head " — here his animation would die out; a silent, reflective pause would follow ; then he would say dreamily, and as if to himself, "and yet that man could beat a drum better than any man I ever saw." We wish the pause had been accurately timed for us by a metronome, for we fear we must have got it wrong— and so missed the key to the exquisite humor of this story. Mark gives another example of a humorous anecdote about a ghost which kept asking, "Who got my golden arm?"— at a given moment you are to pause, fix a girl in your audience with a stony stare, and then suddenly burst upon her with, " You've got it!" The girl will then "fetch a dear little yelp and spring right out of her shoes." From which it may be gathered that the new fashioned humorous story is uncommonly like the new fashioned practical joke. No, no ; decidedly our nature runs to pie rather than to stories of that description. We would far rather read about Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn than fetch a dear little yelp and spring right out of our shoes. 