A SCOTCH BOY WHO BECAME A METHODIST PREACHER, By Rev. William M'Callum. I ?'Jf thiat lad were mine,', said Mr. ^ j McPhee to Mr, MacDbnald, ? ' I wid ' sendhim to College;'. These words were spoken of George, Mr. MacDonald's s-Uhs -result, of, ,n. . ^ address he had given at the Sunday- ' school anniversary gathering. ' Nae thing,' said Mr. Macdonald in ^ reply, ' wid gae me mair pleasure, and I'tia sure it wid delight his mither,. for you know the saying, 1 Naething pleases a Scotch mither mair than . to see her son wag his heid in a pu'pit.1 I think George is ,.a wee bit inclined, that way himoel'; He is an ;awfu' ; reader of bo. ks, specially of sermons. The ither day I watched him quietly enjoying a book, entitled, Sermons by the Rev. , James McGavin, D.D.' He even tak's i his note book to the kirk, and tak's doon I the minister's sermon in shorthan',: ana ' afterwards writes it out fully in a manu script-book.' If the- way should open : for him to- enter, College, I wid htlp hi in as far as I could wi' money.' ' . Such was : the 3ubstance: of the con versation that; took place between Mr. McPhee and Mr. MacDouald anent George. . parkntage. The lad was : well bom — that is, he was off a good, godly stockl His father and mother were a pious couple, who ^ lived for each other, for their . children, .; i' of whom there weie six, and in the fear, \ favour and love of God. There home Was a typical Scottish home correspond- - , ,mg v ry much'to the beauiiful picture r depcted by Burns in ' The Cotter's Saturday night.'.'' Among, the sweetesb^Hfl^H memories of that home life to the youu^i^H^^H folk, now grown up and severed far^S^^H from each other by ,?- mount, and stream^^^^H and sea,' is, the family altar with prayers, tears, and exhortations. . of the oft-repeated * sentences of thos^^^^^H prayers was, r' That our sons muy plants grown up in their youth; our daughters maybe as corner btof^^^^^H polished after the similitude of*a paiacsffmjHH i To educate their children is one of - the great- ambitions of the Scottish 1 people. : For this they will toil , econo- v . . 1 mise, and deny themselves many com forts. George, like his class, received a good general education. First, he went to a ' penny school,' thence to a 'r higher grade school, and finally, to the , Academy. At the time to which our narrative refers, George was following a business life in a dry-goods warehouse, where he was giving every satisfaction to his employer. Though unassociated with the hands of the firm in their life after business hours, yet he was a favourite with them. Sometimes they, and even his employer, would tease him as to his Daniel qualities of temperance and religion, yet in their hearts they respected him, knowing that his mode of life and not theirs, was the right one. As to the Church, like the Jew it might be said of him that he ' took pleasure in her stones, and favoured the dust thereof.' If you want to find f George at night his business associates would say, ' Go to the Methody Kirk.' He loved his Church. Though Scotch, born and brought up in the very heart of Presbyterianism, yet he was a Methodist of the third generation. His grandfather, on his father's side, was led amongst them, got converted, became a class-leader and local preacher, which positions he honourably and faithfully sustained for nigh forty years. It was his father's and mother's church. ! To it he was taken ; in it he was con verted, and to its service as a Sunday school teacher, tract distributor, and ?i finally as a preacher, he devoted him self. FIRST EFFORTS. Shortly after the conversation which Mr. MacDoriald had with Mr. McPhee, ? - he had one with the Minister, the Rev. Jacob Thompson, who was much beloved* for his work's sake, about George. ' Well. Mr. MacDonald, 1 think as Mr. McPhee thinks, that George ought to find his way to College. He has 'grace and gifts,' and no doubt would have 'fruits' if he had more opportunity for work. I believe that he ought to become a preacher ; and, I believe fur ther, that jf he does not, ho will ' grieve \ the Holy Ghost.' At our next local preachers' meeting I shall propose that he comes on the plan, and then I shall give him a few appointments, say, to begin.with, one in the town church on a week-night, and two on a Sunday in the country.' In due time all this came to pass. George, though somewhat elated at finding his name added to the list of local-preachers and the possibility of ultimately becoming an itinerant preach er, yet secretly wished it otherwise as he had made up his mind for a business I life. However, if it were the Lord's will that be should become a preacher, he said that he would willingly sacrifice his worldly position. He therefore allowed himself to be guided by his minister. The week-night service in the town church in which he was to make his debut was drawing nigh. What expec tations on the part of the people ! What preparations on his own part ! The night and hour of service arrived, and George took his place in the pulpit. His text was, ' And He is the propiti ation for our sins, and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world.' All that tradition records of that maiden deliverance was its opening sentence: 'Dear friends, in this text . we have the death blow to Calvinism.' An unseen member of that audience, I^Hntting up in the gallery in the dark, George's father. Poor soul; he H^Kras afraid that his presence might ^^?yke George ' stick,' hence he stealthily ^^^^H|^ his way upstairs. Mr. McDonald H^HPPa proud man that night. He saw ^^B^nhis George, and said it too, a coming Spurgeon or Punshon. Pardonable, ^Ho^mrely, such estimations of an excited pf his son ! George's second effort at preach ing tradition has more to say. He was I appointed to take two services in one of I the country churches. Armed with his 1 black bag, in which, among other things, I were two carefully written out sermons, he took the Saturday evening train. To make doubly sure against failure he had made copious notes of his sermons to be placed on the Bible. The - sermons themselves had been recited over and over again. The morrow arrived. The church was well filled. People were anxious to hear the coming Spurgeon. George himself nervously excited, wished himself a hundred miles away. By prayer and faith he encouraged his heart for what he felt to be a trying ordeal. The first hymn was given out all right. The prayer which followed went fairly well? only a slight hesitancy noticeable here and there. The lessons too, were fairly well read. Then came the sermon. He announced his text, Isaiah 58, 18-14., subject, 'The Sabbath.' For two or three minutes he held on splendidly, then suddenly the perspiration broke out and rolled down his face, his vision j became blurred, so that he could not read his notes, and then there was a pause. He made a fresh start, which alas ! was followed by more perspira tion, blurred vision, and pause. A third start was made, t - be followed in the same way. He fumbled in his coat pocket for his handkerchief to wipe his face, but could not find it. An so there he stood, a perspiring, confused, speech less thing — an object of pity. He sat' down and buried ibis face in his hands. After the collection was taken up, he, with a big effort, gave out the closing hymn, pronounced the benediction, and then wished that the earth as in the days of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, woull open her mouth and swallow him up. And thus closed George's first Sunday service ! The evening service he had to take. There was no getting out of it. To the inevitable he submitted very reluctantly. By much recital of his sermon and prayer he endeavoured to fortify himself against the possibility of a breakdown. The evening service was a repetition of the morning service perspiration, blurred vision, and pause. A ' stickit preacher ' sat in the train next morning and was carried back to the town. All hope of becoming a preacher now . banished from his mind ; with teaiafli in his eyes he met his father in 'fire* doorway of the house, who was all anxiety to know how he had got on. ' Father,' he said, 'I canna preach, I made an awfu' mess o' it. I'll never, no never, go into a pulpit again.' This of course was very saddening to Mr. MacDonald. The minister sympathised with George very much, specially as he remembered his own first efforts at preaching. George, however, was not allowed to give in. He took the pulpit again and again until the ? people were of the same mind with the minister that there was the making of a preacher in George. COLLEGE COURSE. 'That this Quarterly Meeting heartily and unanimously recommends George MacDonald as a suitable candidate for the ministry of the Wesleyan Methodist Church.' Thus credentialled he came to the District. Synod. The Synod en dorsed the resolution of the Quarterly Meeting, and recommended him to the July Committee. That august body, a terror to timid souls, passed him on to Conference,, and Conference accepted him, directing that he go to the Institu tion for training for the English work. Occasionally George received letters from his grandfather on his mother's side, which were a source of stimulus aud encouragement to him. One very helpful one which he received about this time ran as follows : — ' Beloved Grandson, — On the 16th of February last, I was 82. years of age. Long has been my pilgrimage, From my youth to hoary age ; . Looks of hair so black one day, Now are changed to silver gray. I am glad- to think you are appointed to preach the Gospel, and that you have entered the college for qualification. I hope your studies will be the means of warming your love, increasing your faith, making you a ' living epistle read of all men,' and a successful minister of the Lord Jesus Christ, and may the Holy Spirit tell you how to make a sermon. 'For this purpose the Son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil.' 1 John iii, 8.) How did Christ destroy the works of the devil ? (1) By exposing him ; (2) by opposing him, and (8) by deposing him. Although I am a Baptist (and have been for £0 years) as I think our churches are on the foundation of Christ and His Apostles, but we give the same liberty to others which we claim to ourselveB. I love all them that love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth, and therefore my. prayer is that all the churches of the Saints may be increased with the increase of God. The Gospel is as free even to the chief of sinners as the air we breathe, for 'the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin,' and ' whosoever cometh unto Him, He will in nowise cast out.' Blessed be the name of the Lord ! And may we all sing, as in the chorus of a Sankey song, 0 'twas love ! 'twas wondrous love, The love of God to me ; That brought my Saviour from above To die on Calvary, I remain, Your aged grandfather, Richard Cameron. As a student, though he could not be spoken of as '? Sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,' yet he was, to use a collegism, a fair 'grind,' gaining a fair average of marks in all his classes. Theology was his favourite study in which he did best. Besides his curriculum work he wrote several essays, for which he carried off more than one prize. Among his books on his study shelves most valued are those gained as prizes, having on the inside of the cover the College label, with its figure of lighted lamps and motto, Olere jlamviam The week-end off, with the preaching on Sunday, was a great pleasure to him coming as a beautiful break in the monotony of the college round. He was not one of the 'by request' preachers, yet he had his fair share of (pod appointments. His report on fonday in answer to his name as to his iirnday services was generally, ' Fair day, sir! ' with an occasional ' Good day, sir!' All too soon the college course came to an end, bringing, with it an appoint to circuit work. ORDINATION. Probation with its many examinations came to an end, for which he was not sorry, and by the laying on of hands he was received into the church as one of her fully accredited ministers. At the ordination, in answer to the words, ' George MacDonald give the fathers, brethren, and congregation assembled a brief account of your conversion and call to the work of the ministry,' he said, Mr. President, Brethren, and Friends, ' I stand here to-night, the resultant of two factors, viz., a pious home training, and faithful Sunday-school instruction. The parental life with its- examples of holy living, and the earnest and loving persuasions of Sunday-school teachers, led me early in life to open my heart to heavenly and divine influences, just as the delicate flower opens itself, to heaven's sunshine and rain. Between the age of ten and eleven, in the midst of a blessed revival, which beginning in the school widened into the church, I made my first public confession for Christ. Though at that time I had not what might be called the philosophic knowledge of conversion, yet I had the heart's knowledge, which evidenced itself in peace of heart and joy of life. Soon after this I began working for Christ in the Sunday-school, in tract distribution and in varied . other ways. By-and-bye at the call of the Church 1 1 became a local preacher and finally a candidate for the ministry. I was accepted and sent to one of the institutions for training. At that place, the intellectual, social, and religious elements of my life re: ceived development, fitting me for the work of the ministry. I shall ever feel abundantly thankful for my three years' training under able, pious and cultured scholars. In taking this further and J final step, with which my probation ? ! ends, I desire to consecrate myself - afresh to Christ and His Church.' ]S ? ? » ?' ► e -Of. ..... - ; S Of the subsequent . life of George ? 1 McDonald it is not our present intention [ to write. Suffice to say- lie is no fic- . | titious person. Of him it was asked at H the last District Synod which he atten ded, '' Has he competent abilities for our itinerant work ? The answer was, 'Yes.' ;? 