Ben Tillet on the Stump. Mr nenjamin Tillett, commonly and popularly known as ' Ben Tiilett,' is a man who is worthy of respect and admiration because of his yeoman service on behalf of Labor in Great Britain and in other parts of the world. It is, however, possible for even the best men to have zeal without discretion, and we are certainly disposed to question the discretion or wisdom of Ben Tillett's language during his Australian tour. He may not intend to do any harm, but his over-zealousness on what he regards as ' his own side' leads him into intemperance of language towards the other side, which is unquestionably quite as much entitled to respect and consideration as that championed by Mr Benjamin Tillett. In Sydney he spoke to the maritime workers about the necessity for organisation, and judging by telegraphic reports he was not sparing in condemnation of them for not being more at one with each other and against THE ' BLOATED CAPITALIST ' than they were. The men seemed to thoroughly enjoy his strictures and •denunciations, for the more he la?hed them the more they applauded, Probably these men had unpleasant recollections of the maritime strike which was so disastrous to them and cruel to their wives and children. In Brisbane Mr Tillett said that, so far as he could see, there was a strong sentiment among the workers of this colony against it being made the happy hunting ground of British capitalists, whose hirelings here in Parliament were selling the colony neck and crop to those folk at home. That is certainly the language of the ' Stump orator'—the man who is PLAYING TO THE GALLERY, seeking the applause of the gods, and, regardless of consequences, makes assertions which have no foundation in fact nor in trnth. The man who is reckless of his ability to prove his statements and who uses ' wild and whirling words' for the actual purpose of gaining the plaudits of men who may possibly be led away by violent declamatiou and fluency of language cannot be regarded as a friend to any section of the community which he may profess to represent. Mr Tillett seems to be like a great many other globe trotters who come to Australia and speak from the volamc of their ignorance. It seems to as, moreover, that he desires to raise the old ghost of Labor versus Capital, which has snow been pretty well laid in Australia. He makes an 'ex cathedra' statement about ' The workers of the colony' when he has had really no opportunity nor possibility of knowing their seDtiments. The only parts of the colony he has been in are Gympie and Brisbane, and perhaps he, like many other men of PAROCHIAL PROPENSITIES and centralising tendencies, thinks they are Queensland. But he has certainly a lot yet to learn about the workers of the colony, for the great majority of them are not to be found in Brisbane and Gympie. Mr Tillett's insinuations about British capitalists are unworthy of him, unless he be a very much more ignorant and less liberalminded man than we have always understood him to be, or unless he is simply speaking to split the ears of tbe groundlings. If it had not been for capital how could this vast island- continent have been opened up as it has been, and is it not true th"at the great want of Australia at the present time is more capital—money to develop oar illimitable mining resources—money o cultivate our lands—money to assist he great industries which might be tarted in this glorious Southern land eneath the segis of the Southern ross ? Mr Tillett talks nonsense hen he condemns the British capitalists and talks about the colony being ade ' their happy hunting grounds,' for they have done a good service in to assist the development of the ountry, and it is highly questionable whether they have in all cases had anything like a fair return for the money they have spent here. As to THE ' HIRELINGS IN PARLIAMENT of the British capitalists we should certainly like to know who they are. We claim to have a very - much better . personal knowledge of - the members of the Parliament of Queensland 1 than Mr Beniamin Tillett has, and" we certainly cannot think of one on either side or the House whom we should be disposed to call a hireling. So far as legitimate workers are concerned, we think they will admit that the circumstances and conditions of labor in Queensland are not hard ; on thjs contrary, that they are equal to those in any other part of tbe world, and that the bone and sinew of the colony will not thank Mr Tillett for his remarks about the workers and un warranted asper8ice^& <> n English capitalists. He seems to be endeavoring to put Labor against Capital, instead of fostering the mutuality that should exist, and in so doing he cannot , iL , - i be regarded as any mend to tne wording man, whom he professes to champion.— } Towers (Q.) * Standard,' August 24. 