Mr. Buggles's Con version. By Groavenor Iiunster. 'Ghoitst' sneered Mr. Buggies, 'bah I rot I humbug 1 Figments of tbe imagina tion, my dear air— disordered digestion, queer lirer and so on, /know. Why, sir, my wife, poor girl, used to say when ehe was in a temper (as she UBiially was), used to say that it ehe died first she'd haunt me. Haunt nu\ hat ha I ha I Poor girl, poor silly oirl 1' Mr. Bugglei was sitting over his wine with three or four cronlea. In tbe gloom of the evening, the fitful gleumB of tbe fire had ?uggcBted to one of tbe guests the idea of gboats. He was a tall, lean, sepulchral sort of man with a voice tbat seemed to issue from some hollow drum, and altogether cue of those persons who, we should be naturally diapoBed to think, wa- given to supernatural fancies. Moreover, he drank gin. Hia name was Jubbs. 'Well, I don't know,' Baid Mr. JubbB. ' Perhaps some of these day's she'U keep her word.' ' Kli ?' cried Mr. Boggles, setting down the glass wbich he was in tbe act of risiov to Mb lips. ?'Eh?' ' I say that perhaps she'll keep her word.' ' Pooh, pooh,' said Mr. Buggies. ' Dun't talk like an ass, Jubba. Tut, tut, to think tbat a man of your abilities end— ah — go on, should talk like that.' ' Well,' said a beavy-looking man named Jinki, ' I don't know,' and he drank off his glaciofport. 11 There't no telling,' observed a small man with spectacles at tbe other end of tbe table. ' ShakeBpeare tellB ub that there arc more things in heaven and earth than arc dreamt of in our philosophy. ' ' Shakespeare,' sail) Mr. Baggies com placentlr, ' was a— a— fool.' Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the world who bad given utterance to this opinion. In tbe reign of the George tbe I Third intellect, ' Shakespeare is poor stuff,' and tbe George the Third intellect is tbe average order. ' Mr. Jinks and Mr. Jubbs felt aggrieved. But when a man is dining witb nnuiuer he is, of course, compelled to keep hie opinions ' to himself. It was not until they were walking through Fitzroy Gardens on their , homeward way that tbey expressed them selves ver7 strongly about Mr. BupglCB1 rmlu method of disposing of a debatculii'. question. ' If it hadn't been I was sitting there .is bis guest,' aaid Jinks, 'I'd ha' told him what I thought of him.' ' Tell you what,' Baid Jubbs, 'it would -erve him right to give him a scare.' 'It would. If we could raiBe the ghost of dIb wife now. Poor woman, no wonder she ' Jied.' ' We'll do it,' cried the other with en '.husiasm. ' We'll do it. . Confound tbe tellow witn his sell-opinionated airs. I'd I ike to see him token down a peg.' I Whereupon tbe two friends tncreand then resolved tbat the thing should be done, con rinced that it would ba tbe more easy of j iccomplisbment, inasmuch as each instinct vely felt that Mr. Buggies was a rank itn poster, and like most bodies, an arrant :oward. Time passed, and Baggies still maintained ais defiant attitude as to the existence of ghosts. Nevertheless, he had latterly been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers iccentric noiaea and movements around and (bout bia house, which was a comfortable Habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable field, wherein an Alderney cow grazed. Now this mw bad Utterly exhibited some evidence of 4berratiana of intellect. She would begin to oellow for no asccrtainably reason about midnight, and if not locked up in tbe stable would tear around the enclosure I urioutly. Buggies conaulted a veterinary surgeon, who ;xamined tbe animal, and pronounced her as bealthy a cow as any in existence. ' Then what makes her fly around at night and bellow fit to raise tbe roof off?' cried Buggies, irritably. ?' Dashed if I can tell,' taid tbe Vet., 'unleaa something frightens her. Maybe,' be added, jocularly, ' a ghost is around, and it- don't agree with her.' This was a joke, but it struck Buggloa, not only aa a bad one, but as one uncon sciously aimed at his heterodox notions in the subject of ghosts. He told tbe Vet. tbat he talked like a fool, but as be paid tbat worthy a guinea, the impertinence was pocketed witb tbe cow— complacently. But this was not all. Contemporaneously witb tbe cow movement, there were other signs 'i1 tbe air' of supernatural high Jinks. Every cat in tbe neighborhood seemed to be animated by dome interest of unusual character. Tbey scattered about the roof, moaning and spitting fearfully. Tbe hooting of mopebawka could be beard ; while diatnal moanings outiide Buggies' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird bnt suppreaaed shriek added to these fear some episodes. Ai for tbe watchdog, he yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until he grew as hoane as a raven. And Bug lows began to be nervous. He put tie servant* on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; tb. \----w nent oa at before, eo did the cats, did the mopebawks.so did tbe dog, ana tbe moans and screams did not cease. It was getting serious. Buggies had to drink an extra glass or two of toddy every night to steady his nerves. He went so far as to speak to hii friends, witb affected jocularity, about these matters. But tbey looked grave ; Jinks shook bis bead solemn ly, and Jubb't repeated Shakespeare's lines reflectively. 'Well, I'll end it somehow,' said Buggies one starlit but rough night, as lie sat listen ing to the moan ing of the wind, and the rat tliog of the window shutters. 'There I Tbere goes tbat darned cow again, and— ?nd— ' A mournful cry was heard, as from one in great agony, and just close to tbe house. Buggies shook. 'If it be possible, after all,' he muttered, 'and she has kept her word! Perhaps I didn't treat her over and above well sometimes.' Sometimes I The lats lamented Mrs. Bug gies had led cucb a life that death must nave been welcome to fair. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to tbe terrors wbicb now began to take bold upon Mr. Buggies' imagination. ' 'I'll sell tbe place I' he muttered, ' and tbat cow shall be slaughtered to. morrow. Gracious I Uow that dog is barking. 1 can't stand it ; anything is better than this sus pense. I'll face it, whatever it is.' And he buttoned up his coat, and clapjied bis bat upon his head with an sir of mauf ul determination. Seizing tbe first weapon at. band— it happened to be a iiammer which he was in tbe babitrof using to crack geolo gical specimens (for he dabbled in science, did Buggies)— he issued forth into tbe garden. Ibis be traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it was witb a firmer step and stouter heart tbat be pMsed into the field, Tbe cow was stabled, but the was lowing mourn fully. As I have tatd, tbe night -was dear, bot tbe guita of wind wbicb passed tbe field and bent and swayed tbe trees therein, moaning tbe while, lent an uncanny Influence to tbe time and scene, Again Mr, Baggies' spirits fell; and a creepy feeling came over him. He shlvered,.paused, and was abont to turn back, when bis eyes fell upon an objeot, tbe light of wbicb made him jump into tbe air like an acrobat, dropping bis hammer in the action. And then . he stood . slock i till, paralysed by (ear, and gazing with eyes tbat pUrtea from tbelr scckets, and sus pended breathing at tbe thing before him. It was a figure of s woman, clothed from bead to foot in a white garment,, which ooveied tier arms close into her body. Buggies could not recognise the features peoause they also were covered, but bis ex cited imagination and accusing conscience terealed to him that tbe fieare was tbat o( his dead wife, and that without loubtshe bad kept her word and had come from tbe shades to haunt him thuB. The figure did not move, rave that it swayed in the wind in wbich its ghostly garments fluttered ever and anon. Mr. Buggies gazed until bis knee gave away, and at last, witb a suppressed Bbriek, he fell to the ground insensible. How long he lay thus I do not know. When he recovered himself and eat np, and turned bis eyes fearfully towards the spot upon which he had seen the apparition it was gone. He crawled back fearfully to the house, let himself in with a latoh-key, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast glass of brandy ; then be crept to bed. But no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight he had looked upon haunted him through the night, and for many a night thereafter. But, singularly enough, from that night the trouble censed. The cow ceased to bellow, tbe cats banished their concerts to just and natural proportions, the watch-dog no longer barked his tai 1 off. And, though Buggies set eomo stout fellows on the watob none of them ever saw the ghost. As for the mopehawks, everybody sniggered when Buggies spoke about them. Mope hawks in tbe centra of Fittroy— pooh I ridiouIouBi r However, Mr. Buggies' experience had a very salutary effect upon bia mind and man ner. He no longer argued witb such dog matic offensiveness, and, to tbe surprise of hia ti vends, would listen lo the most extra ordinary statements will) an air of credulity and humble trust, wholly different to that self-assertive manner with wbich be bad been won't to dispute matters beyond his ken. Altogether be was a changed man, and Jubbanrt Jinks plumed therasetaeB upon the eucccas ami effects of their plans, with very good reason. For it was indeed to their ingenious in vention tbat the matter was to be traced. The veterinary surgeon who had been called in by Mr. Buggies to inspect the cow was in the secret. It was he who supplied certain herbs which, partaken of by tbe animal — being dropped into the field during tbe day — brought about spastnB about midnight. Her bellowinga were but an expression of pain ; but, as Mr. Buggks could cot read cow language ue uau ueeo uoaoie w inter pret these. As for the cats, the wicked con Bpirator had gathered them far snJ wide, encased their claws in ndlnut shells, t.ed their tails together, and otherwise caused , them to contribute to tbe hiibbi:l!. Of course, all this maae tbe .log bark, *ht!« ihs mopeiiawks were aiuulated »«?} 4aailj. And. furthct, tbe fignra wdicli had «eairc Mr. Bajg!«s -o dreadfully was notbiDgmji' '.hia a foAVioa-ftnoie tuch »-' Haea diapitt use to I'liiiuit lkiJieiT dretnes. The tbii j after ail, wac tttf aiiapie, but it .^a beep coaiucted trite Yu-& ca&liud; tlu'i a^uw^~ hail been enabled to make it out, or expose the fraud. And, as tbe result had been so bnppy, JinkB and Jul.bs conBokd themselves with the reflection (bat the end sometimes does, indeed, justify the means. 