THE VICTORIAN PERIOD IN AUSTRALIAN LITERATURE. OUR POETS AND NOVELISTS. (BY JOHN FARRELL.) Australian literature, like almost every other important and valuable feature of our national development, belongs to the Victorian era. There were beginnings before that, of course, but noth- ing that was written prior to the Queen's acces- sion was of such consequence as to be familiar to Australian readers of to-day. The earliest, and deservedly the most famous, of remembered verse written in New South Wales was the re- markably clever and piquant prologue attributed to the pickpocket Barrington, and read at the opening of the first Sydney theatre in 1796. The impudent self-consciousness and acute wit of this jaunty production make it one of the most not- able things of its kind in literature:— He who to midnight ladders is no stranger, You'll own will make an admirable Ranger; To seek Mackheath we have not far to roam, And sure in Filch I shall be quite at home. * * * * * * Here light and easy Columbines are found, And well-tried Harlequins with us abound; From durance vile our precious selves to keep Wc often luid recourse to th' flying leap; To a black face luive sometimes owed escape, And Ilounslow Heath has proved the worth of crape. But how, you ask, can we e'er hope to soar Above these scenes, and rise to tragic lore? Too oft, alas! we've forced tb' unwilling tear, And petrified the heart with real fear. Macbeth a harvest of applause will reap, For some of us, I fear, have murdered sleep; His lady, too, with grace will sleep and talk, Our females have been used at night to walk. Sometimes, indeed, so various is our art, An actor inuy improve and mend his part; "Give mo a horse!" bawls Richard like a drone, We'll find a man would help himself to one. That Is the only century-old note of Australian song which 1h known to many modern cars; a note characteristic enough of the time and place. After it came a long interval of silence. Some good verso may have been wiittcn and lost to us then, but the most of what rcmaios is in consequential or vile. The first Australian-born poet who has done work of sufficient merit to be worth preservation as literature was Cbarles Harpur, born at Windsor, on the Hawkesbury River, in 1811. Mr. Harpur bas given more evidence in his writings of serious purpose and honest intent to do his best than of conspicuous talent. In some of his pccras there are thoughts worthy of better vesturo than that in which they are dressed, but in most the thought is little above tho commonplace, and tho language arti- ficial. In "The Creek of the Four Graves" there !s one image which has often been quoted as almost touching the grand heights of poetry:— The universe might have seemed Coiled in vast rest— only that one dim cloud, Diffused and shapen like a mighty spider, Crept as with scrawling legs across the sky. Harpur never again did quite as well as that, or so succeeded in arresting instantly the mind of his reader. The effect on his writing of much ptudy of the literature of other lands and times Js palpable, and comes against him strongly In depictions of the life and incident of his own, especially in bush narrative. The genius of poetry unmistakably inspired Henry Clarcneo Kendall, born in the Ulladulla district of New South Wales in 18-12. The strange beauty, the power and promise of his earliest linos, written when a mere boy, won im mediate recognition in tho English critical jour nals. It was as an idealist painter of Australian scenery that Kendall chiefly excelled. There is little of philosophy or analysis in his verse, little of humor or close observance of the ways of men. The efforts he has made to enter into the spirit of the racecourse or pourtray the deep or shallow characters met with in various branches of bush life are clever enough, but uuconvincing. Few, if any, of the world's sweetest singers, however, had such a gift of describing Nature in glow ing words— not Nature as seen by the many, but as she appeared to him with a face sweet aid gracious or grim and terrible. The loveliness of tho fern-clothed glens, the clear lonely pools, and glimmering waterfalls of the South Coast appear throughout his poems as things that possessed his heart; while his-desert pictures, if somewhat unreal, are unrivalled in their lurid picturesqueness, as these lines from "Christmas Creek" instance: — Phantom streams were in the distance— mocking lights of lake and pool — Ghosts of trees of soft green lustre— groves of Bhadow deep and cool! Tea, some devil ran before them changing skies of brass to blue, Sotting bloom whore curse is planted, where a grass- blade never grew. Six there were, and high above them gleamed a wild and wizened sun Ninety leagues from where the waters of the singing val leys run. There before them, there behind them, was the great, stark, stubborn plain, Where the dry winds liiss for ever, and the blind earth moans for rnin! Ringed about by tracts of furnace, ninety leagues from stream and tree, Bix there were, with wasted face9, working northwards to the sea! Six there were, but three were taken! Three were left to struggle still; But against the red horizon flamed a horn of brindled lull! But beyond the northern skyline, past a wall of steep austere. Lay the land of light and coolness, in an April-colored year! "Courage, brothers!" cried the leader; "on the slopes oj yonder peak There are tracts ot herb and shadow and the channels of the creek!" Bo they mnde one last great effort— haled their beasts through brake and briar — Bet their feet on spurs of furnace — grappled spikes and crags of lire. . Fought the stubborn mountain forces, smote down naked natural powers, Till they gazed from thrones of Morning on a sphere ol streams and flowers. If this Is not close description of what may hefall Australian explorers. It Is as fine phantasy as ever poetic license revelled In. In "Hy- Brasil" there Is a luxurious profusion of rich words: There indeed was singing Eden, whore the great gold river runs Fast the porch and gates of crystal, ringed by strong and shining ones! There indeed was God's own garden, sailing down the sapphire sea — Lawny dells and slopes of summer, dazzling stream and radiant treel Out against the hushed horizon— out beneath the reverent day, Flamed the Wonder on the waters— flamed and flashed and passed away. And the maiden who had seen it felt a hand within her own, And an angel that we know not led her to the lands unknown. In "Ghost Glen," "Tho Curse of Mother Flood," and "Cooranbean," Kendall has shown a singular power of so using unsubstantial material as to conjure up images of weird, mysterious horror hardly excelled by any writer. Not many poets have produced anything liner In their way than "On a Street" and "Aftor Many Years," the former a truly tragic and painful outpouring of remorse, tho latter an exquisitely natural and pathetic voicing of regret for what might have been. With Kendall's name must he bracketed that tof Gordon, who wrote at about the Bame period, and who Is probably more widely known as a poet by Australians. Adam Lindsay Gordon, born In 1833 at the Azores, the qpn of an English officer, and himself educated at Woolwich with a view to entering the Army, came to South Aus tralia as a young man, and entered unsuccess fully upon pastoral pursuits there. He was for a while a member of the South Australian Legis lative Assembly, but ultimately drifted to Vic toria, and became well known as a steeplechase rider His first important volume of verse. "Sea Spray and Smoke Drift," Immediately obtained for him a considerable Australian reputation. His love of horsemanship, reflected in many of his poems, appealed to numerous readers, and won for him a degree of admiration better deserved by his finer qualities as a poet revealed In writ ings of another kind. "I-Iow Wo Beat the Fa vorite" is, perhaps, the most popular poem writteu In Australia, and has been recited at thousands of race meeting suppera throughout i the world. It la a flowing and spirited Jingle enough, but Gordon Is seen at his best In some : of his reflective moods, although the influence not only of the thought but of the expression of other poets detracted somewhat from his claim to originality. "The Rhyme of Joyous Garde" bas been pronounced by some critics the finest poem Australia has given to the world. It is a great poem certainly, full of strong feeling and grace of stately words, but Swinburne had an unacknowledged part in Its making. Gordon was but a young man when his constitutional gloom overcame him, and he "shook tho yoke of inaus- picious Btars from his world-wearied flesh." If Bome of his most admired verso Is but echo or . paraphrase, much of It was his very own, so far as tho ownership of thought can be vested In any Individual. In "From the Wreck," "The Ro mance of Brltomarte," and "Wolf and Hound" we have tho blood-stirring, strenuous movement of heroic action . admirably conveyed. To the hearts of those who had and have to do with the rough work of building up of Australia few poems have appealed more poetically and power fully than "Tho Sick Stockrider": — Aye I nearly all our comrades of the old colonial school, Our ancient boon companions, Ned, are gone; Hard livers for the most part, aomewliat reckless as a rule. It seems that you and I are left alone. There was Hughes, who got in trouble through that business with the cards, It mattered little what became of him; But a steer ripped up Macpherson at the Cooraminta Yards, And Sullivan was drown'd at Sink-or-Swim. And Mostyn— poor Frank Mostyn— died at last, a fearful wreck, In "the horrors," at the Upper Wandinong; And Carisbrooke, the rider, at the Ilorscfall brr.i his neck, Faith 1 the wonder was he saved his neck so longl Ah, those days und nights we squandered at the Xx>gans in the Olen — The Logans, man and wife, have long been dead; Elsie's tallest girl seems taller than your little Elsie there. And Ethel is a woman grown and wed. I've had my share of pastime, and I've done my share of toll. And life is short — the longest -life a span; I care not now to tarry for the corn or for the oil. Or for tlie wine that makctli glad the heart of man. For good undone, and gifts misspent, and resolutions vain, 'Tis somewhat late to trouble. This I know — I would live tlie same life over if I had to live again; And the chances are I go where most men go. James Brunton Stephens, the most refined, ele gant, and artistic of the trio of leading Austra lian poets, was horn In Linlithgowshire, Scotland, In 1835, and emigrated in 18GG to Queensland, where he still llve3. He has not been so volumin- ous a writer as could be wished, hut the uniform quality of what he has written is high. "Convict Once," his chief poem, has many passages of ex quisite diction and elevated thought, based on a structure which might be regarded as too. slight. If the ancient libel that Scotch men are incapable of humor has still any force, the case of Mr. Stephens should effectually finish It off. He is the most humor ous among those who have written verse in Aus tralia. Very few better examples ot cunning metrical persiflage could be found than "A Bris bane Reverie," "On a Fork of Byron's," parts of "To a Black Gin," and "The Great Pig Story of the Tweed." But these are trifles not to be named with the serious work Mr. Stephens has done, and which is worthy to stand in any com pany. "Cape Byron," "Spirit and Star," "The Do minion of Australia," and many other of his poems show high imaginative power, and the exaltation of feeling which marks true poetry. As a single instance of Mr. Stephens' strength of thought and Imagery, a few lines from "Tho Dark Com panion" may be given. Ho tells of the mystery of a star which astronomers knew to exist with out being able to see it, and which they conse quently believed was dark: — But when, through new perfection of appliance. Faith merged at length in undisputed sight, The mystic mover was revealed to science; No dark companion, but a thing of light. No dark companion, but Bun of glory; No fell disturber, but a bright compeer; The shining complement that crowned' the stoiy, Tlie golden link that made the meaning clear. The lesson thus received is finely applied:— Oh, dark companion, Death, whose wide embraces O'ertake remotest change of clime and skies. Oil, dark companion, Death, whose grievous traces Arc scattered threads of riven enterprise. Thou, too, in this wise, when our eyes unBeallng, Tlie clearer day shall change our faitli to sight; Shalt show thyself in that supreme revealing, No dark companion, but a tiling of light. Some years ago Mr. P. J. Holdsworth, of Sydney, published a volume, "Station Hunting on the Warrego," in which some melodious and highly-finished verse was contained, as well as the strong and dramatic blank verse narrratlve from which the title of tho hook was derived. Through the enterprise of Messrs. Angus and Robertson, of Sydney, who have undertaken the issue in excellent form of tho worthiest of the work written by the more recent Australian poets, several new publications ot this class have appeared within the past couple of years. No Australian book has had such instant and commanding succesB as Mr. A. B. Peterson's "The Man from Snowy River." This writer knows the bush and the people therein, and tells of it and of them in effective and appro priate words. Their occupations, tholr Inter ests, their heroic or nefarious dealings with horses, their adventures, and lights, and sprees, are hero set down faithfully. Mr. Paterson'B touch- is, on the whole, light and optimistic. He does not convey the impression of sneering at or greatly disapproving of some of the dubious but exceedingly human proceedings of his charac ters. His book Is top recently published and haB been too widely read to need - that extracts from It should be given here. "In the Days When the World Was Wide," a collection of poems, by Henry Lawson, Issued by the same firm, strikes a deeper note, and promises to be similarly suc cessful. Mr. Lawson tells of the darker side of bush and station life, of the sundowners and dcadbeats of the roads, of the misery and mono tony of backblocks existence, as authentically as of city larrikinism. There' is discontent and pro test in almost every page of his book, but there are truth and power too, and some fine flashes of promise. Neither of these new men can tako rank in Bome of the attributes of poetry with JLendalt. Gordon, or Stephens, but both can make good their claim to having written the kind of poetry which many of the common people receive gladly — the kind which emphasises and idealises things as .they are without disguising them. They have the further advantage of being natives here and to the manner born. They write in the easy conversational English we have raised from the old stock for local use. In "Rhymes from the Minos" Mr. Edward Dyson, of Melbourne, tho latest of the new trio, has given us a number of poems relating chiefly to aspects and peculiarities ot mining life, not so distinctive as tho work of Paterson and Lawson, but true and carefully written, and forming a solid addition to repre sentative Australian literature. There are in each of the-colonies minor poets at the present time, some of whom havo done well, and give promise of doing better. The best may be expected from Mr. Sydney Jepb- cott, of Victoria, who a couplo of years ago caused to be issued in London a small vilely printed volume of his verse, amid the crudities, singular mannerisms, and -intellectual vanities ot which there wero electric touches of thought and throbs of feeling. Mrs. Cross, of the same colony, has produced "Unspoken Thoughts," a volume of reflective verse, some of which ex presses daringly many things which many people think but leave unsaid, and which has been high ly praised by critics— too highly, perhaps. Mr. O'Hara, of Melbourne, has published several volumos of delicately phrased and constructed verse. And by ho means least, there is Mr. Victor Daley, also of Melbourne, who has never published, but is well known through his "Bulle tin" contributions as a writer of poetry of a high order — "aongs and Bonnets carven of fine gold." Like Lawson, Paterson, and Baroroft Boake, whose forcible songs of the bush are to come next in Angus and Robertson's series, Mr. Daley chiefly owes his introduction to the reading world to the "Bulletin," which journal bas done so much during the past decade to pre serve and heighten Australian local color in literature. Through the same and other me diums Mr. F. J. Broomfleld has become known as a writer of occasional poems and of short stories of considerable merit, not yet collected. In Queensland, Mrs. Foott and Mr. Essex Evans have published verso of much more than common merit, while in South Aus tralia and in New Zealand respectively Mr. A. T. Chandler and Mr. Thomas Bracken are well known as versifiers of some ability. In the past history of each of the provinces poets have appeared plentifully, but havo not stood the test of time or attained general popularity. The most voluminous poem ever written In or of Australia is Mr. Alfred Domett's tremendous New Zealand epic "Ranolf and Amohia." It fills two largo and closely-printed volumes, and abounds in good versification and pleasing ima gery, but few persons can he expected to read it through. Sir Henry Parlces, Mr. Forster, and other writers in New South Wales have from time to time produced a good deal of verse for which the world had no great need. In the department of prose fiction, we have produced in Australia, if not from the pens of na tive-horn authors from those of men and women who have lived among us and drawn their inspi ration from their surroundings, at least half a dozen notable hooks. First In order of time comes "Geoffrey Hamlyn" — probably in order of merit also, according to most opinions. Henry ICingsley, brother of the more famous author of "Westward Ho," came to Australia in 1853, when the great gold discoveries were attracting the adventurous to Victoria from all the world. He spent some years in New South Wales In varlouB official and other occupations, and published "Geoffrey Hamlyn" in 1859. The writing In parts ot the novel is loose and hasty, hut as a whole the story Is an admirable and intensely interest ing presentation of early Australian life in the seaboard pastoral districts of this colony. The colonising Englishmen are a trifle too honorable and neighborly towards each other, perhaps, and the life lived then is painted in colors too bright. But it is the lovable book of a genial pioneer, who left good memories behind him here, and went hack to tell England how much greater Australia was than she know, also to produce in doing so a story full of pathos and humor, and destined to universal popularity. In a subsequent Australian novel, "The Hillyars and tho Burtons," Mr. Klngsley was not so successful. Marcus Clarke, a brilliant young Englishman who oame to Victoria in 1864, and soon adopted literature and journalism as a profession, produced a few years later "His Na tural Life." This Is unquestionably the most powerful and eloquently written of Australian books: a pitiful and terrible revelation of tragi cal happenings under the old convict system, when those administering It had almost absolute power «and were beyond the reach of public scru tiny. The unrelieved gloom of the book makes It rapellant to most readers, and Its circulation In Australia has been by no means commensurate with its merit. Clarke showed astonishing versa tility, and in the course of the few years of literary life preceding his early death produced a great deal of excellent writing on philosophical ond other subjects, as well as more or less suc cessful plays and other matter. Mr. T. A. Browne, whose novel "Robbery Under Arms" Ib one of the conspicuous successes of Australian fiction, may be taken as one of the most accurate delineators of Australian life In some of its as pects. Nothing better could be written as a de pletion of the circumstances under which many of the earlier pastoralists struggled against hard conditions, and overcame or were overcome by them, than "The Squatter's Dream." "Rolf Eoldrowood" has done better work In this novel in the actual presentation of what is real than In hiis more celebrated "Robbery under Arms." Among the best of our novels Is "A Marked Man," by Mrs. G. H. Cross, "Ada Cambridge," of Victoria. Mrs. Cross camo to the southern colony from her native England In 1870, and soon began to establish a reputation both in verso and prose. She has written several novels dealing with Aus tralian life, but none of them reaches the high standard of "A Marked Man," the sustained interest of which depends more upon characteris ation than incident or depiction. One of the re cent successes scored In this department of litera ture are those of Louis Becke's "By Reef and Palm" and Henry Lawson'a "While tho Billy Boils " Mr. Becke has made South Sea life, with white men and brown women as Its characters, very real and very interesting, not only because qf what is told, but because of the manner of the telling. As for Henry Lawson's proso stories and sketches, thoy show the moro miserable as pects of existence In New South Wales as they really may he seen. And this Is done with so much force and suggostlvoaess that Mr. Lawson's status as a literary artist Is firmly established. The latest Australian work of fiction, "Mostyn Stayne," by Roderick Quln, introduces to the reading world a young writer whose future will bo awaited with more than ordinary interest. Mr. Quln has written several short stories, one at least of which shows a strength of poetic conception and a pathos of fatalism which would arrest critical attention anywhere. The faults of "Mostyn Stayne" are those of Inexperi ence; the merits are those of latent power not to he mistaken. There are dozens of books which might he re ferred to as constituting a respectable general body of Australian fictional literature, but that want of space prevents. Mrs. Campbell-Praed, Mr. Hornung, and other recent writers have done good work, If different in some respects from that of the authors above singled out as hav ing produced what Is of most Importance and most worthy of preservation. Both In poetry and fiction, the popular and nationally distinctive divisions of literature, Australia has every reason to be satisfied with the progress made in the Vic torian period. Probably no equal population has in an equal length of time done better. HENRY CLARENCE KENDALL. ADAM LINDSAY CORDON, J. BRUNTON STEPHENS. A. B. PATERSON. . HENRY LAWSON. MARCUS CLARKE. ROLF BOLDREWOOD. 