THE WATCHMAN OF ORSDEN MOSS. BY J. MONK FOSTER. Autuor of "The Slaves of Fate," "A Miner's Million," "Children of Darkness," "Through Flood and Flame," "Queen of the Factory," "A Pit Brow Lassie," " The White Gipsy," "The Mine Master's Daughter," &e.;, &c.;, [COPYRIGHT.*] CHAPTER XXVI. THE XE W 1IASTEB OF OBSDEN* MOSS. A week or two had passed away, and matters in the village of Orsden Green were flowing along very much in the channels they had pursued prior to the sudden death and inquest upon Aaron Shelvocke and the old watchman. Tbe three relatives of the late Master of Orsden Hall were residing together at the big house, and, save for the absence of their uncle's genial presence, there was little change perceptible. Still there was a difference between Mat and Levi and Naomi—a difference which each individual of tbe trio felt most clearly, and yet endeavoured neither to see nor feeL Shortly after the interment of Aaron Shelvocke the "last will and testament" of the deceased mineowner was produced by Mr. George Scott, the Coleclough solicitor, whom the testator had constituted his legal adviser. That document was duly attested and proved, its validity was never questioned, and Matthew Shelvocke, Esq., stepped practically into the shoes of his dead kinsman. To his niece. Naomi Shelvocke, Aaron had bequeathed the comfortable sum of five thousand ponnds free of legacy duty; to his nephew, Mr. Levi Blackshaw, two-fifths of that amount; all else, with the exception of small legacies, to old friends and servants, became the absolute property of "My dear nephew, Matthew," to have and to hold unconditionally for ever. Thus the young Mine Manager found himself suddenly lifted from a comparatively obscure position to one of considerable importance, influence, and wealth. The exact amount of the fortune he had inherited was difficult to estimate; it could not be less than twenty thousand pounds, and probably might run to five or ten thousand more. But for many days Mat did not trouble his brain much with thoughts of his newly acquired affluence and dignity. He was surprised that his uncle had treated him so generously; was delighted to have placed in his hands such undying and indisputable proof of Aaron Shelvocke's goodwill and esteem, and while he felt sorry in a sense that his two cousins had less cause to remember their dead kinsman affectionately, there were other matters that pressed upon him for attention. The day after the burial of his uncle's remains Mat proceeded to the colliery as usual, descended the mines, &nd; discharged the ordinary duties of the position to which he had grown accustomed. To all the miners his manners and methods remained unchanged; he was still their Manager, and they were his co-workers, and a, stranger to the pits would never have imagined that Mat was lord and master of all he surveyed. He was quieter than of old, more reticent and thoughtful, but not less kindly and considerate to the workers on the Moss. He finely marked brown face bad grown paler and graver, as if his outlook upon life had undergone some deep change; and the look of introspection and speculation which had become habitual with him now gave rise to many surmises. The defection of Lettice Forrester was still a thorn in his side, and strive as he would to put all thought of her behind him the ghost of his strong young love refused to bis laid. Every time his eyes rested upon the fair woman the wound bled anew; and sometimes, when he caught her sadly reproachful, soft, blue eyes upon him, he felt inclined to question the truth of what he had Seen. And apart from this trouble of the heart he had other, and perhaps graver anxieties. There was the mystery surrounding his uncle's strange end; Naomi's sudden resolve to quit the village for good—a resolution Aaron's death seemed to have swept away; and. finally, the unknown trouble which appeared to have arisen between his uncle and Levi Shelvocke. Why Aaron Shelvocke had deserted Naomi in Wales, and come back secretly to Orsden Green, was a riddle to which Mat in vain sought the key. The more he cudgelled his brains for a solution of the puzzle the more enigmatical tbe mystery became; and still, even when the fog around him seemed thickest, Mat felt most positive that there was much to be discovered. On various occasions Mat had visited the never-to-be-forgotten spot in the airways where his uncle's dead body was found. Sometimes he had taken the under-looker or fireman with him, and together they had tried vainly to disentangle the Gordian knot. Even when alone he was not more successful in his mental gropings. He was like a man struggling blindly in the dark; and turn which way he would, peer here and there as be might, no ray of light came to him. The stone that had been found resting on Aaron Shelvocke's broken skull still remained intact, propped against the side of therepaired gallery. Again and again the young man had bent his gaze upon the slab of rock, into the grain of which Bome portion of his uncle's life blood had sunk, and wondered what story it would have unfolded could it but speak. When Mat had ordered the massive fragment to be placed aside and preserved, he had thought that the texture of the rock would reveal from which part of the roof it had fallen; but examination of the various layers of slaty shale composing tbe roof had proved fruitless, and he was still unable to say whether the stone had fallen accidentally on the buried man, or been flang there purposely. On the night following the inquest at Orsden Hall Mat had made his way to the colliery on the Moss with the intention of speaking to the night winder, Stanforth, who had volunteered to give information before the enquiry terminated. Mat had been strongly impressed by what the man had stated; had wondered greatly that the important point he had raised was not considered more carefully by the Coroner and Jury; and it was to satisfy himself more thoroughly on the matter that he sought his workman. It was nearly midnight when Slat crossed the back of the pits and entered the enginehouse. the door of which stood ajar. He found Stanforth alone with that evening's paper in bis hand, and the anxious look on the man's face showed the Manager how matters stood. The following conversation took place between them:— "Good-night, Luke," he cried genially in order to set the engineer at his ease. " I daresay you can guess why I have called to sea you?" " I think I can. sir," Stanforth had answered. "I'm sorry—very sorry, Bir, but I thought it was, my duty to speak." "Of course it was, and I'm glad you did your duty," Mat rejoined frankly; " but there is one thing I want you to do fjrst of all, Luke. Rid your mind of all uneasiness on my account, will you? So far from blaming you for what you said, I am only sorry that you didn't speak out sooner." " I ought to ha' done so, mestcr, but I didn't like." the man Baid slowly. "That's it. You didn't like. Luke; and I know why you didn't like. You kept your mouth closed on my account, and you only opened it because you were half afraid of what might happen to you if you kept back what you happened to know." "That's God's truth, sir," Stanforth exclaimed, fervently. "I know it is. I could see how reluctant you were to come forward—how disagreeable it was to tell what you knew—and I knew also why you were so uneasy about it all. You thought, were compelled to think, that if old Dan Coxall spoke the truth to you, when he sa;d my uncle was going down the pit with his nephew, the nephew in question was myself." " What else could I think, sir? I knowed you went down the pits at a' hours, an' who else ?" "Yes, I see it all, Stanforth," Hat broke in. "God knows I didn't go with him. How could I when I was travelling all that night between ten and twelve o'clock? But som one went down with my uncle, and what have to discover is, who that man was." "That's it. mester" Stanforth replied. "But on'v owd Dan Coxall can tell yo' that." " And he is beyond speaking," Mat rejoined, with a low, dog?ed vehemence. " But," he added with spa-rklin/r eyes, "I will find out—I will find out, if I spend the wholo of my life and my uncle's fortune in the work." The roan did not make any rejoinder, but his face showed that Mat's words and manner had made an impression upon him. Whatever he might have thought before, it was easy to see that he no longer believed that his young master had accompanied his old employer when be went into the mine that night. Feeling still far from satisfied Mat made it his business on the following day to call upon Sergeant Roberts, to whom he explained his own feelinjrs of uneasiness concerning the manner of his kinsman's death. The suspicious rirourastances surrounding the tragedy demanded the most earnest and careful investigation, and if the officer deemed an enquiry necessary, he was prepared to emnloy one of the smartest detectives that could be found in England. The officer listened patiently, and when Mat had concluded spoke freely, yet with the caution peculiar to a shrewd policeman. It was, he admitted, a singular thing that Aaron Shelvocke should steal awav from Wales and go into his own mine under cover of the night; but singular things were happening every dav in the world, if one only cared to take note of them. As Mat knew, his uncle had his own way of looking at things, and, probably, when he paid .that unexpected and secret visit to the colliery he was only doing so to satisfy himself that everything was being properly "attended to in his absence. Unfortunately, his perhaps excusable curiosity had cost him his life. As for old Coxall's statement to the man at the engines that Shelvocke was accompanied by one of his nephews, that could be easily understood and explained. Aaron and the watchman were old friends, and the master, in all probability, had taken Dan into his confidence. Hence the statement that two were seen to go down the pit, when in reality only one man wished to go. " But who came up the pit some time afterwards?" Mat queried, unsatisfied. "No one came up," was the answer. "Luke Stanforth only imagines somebody did. But as no one was working that night I suppose he would have plenty of time to dream of things, wouldn't he?" Feeling that it was useless to argue the point further. Mat desisted. Besides, the only basis he had for argument was suspicion, which might prove groundless. Hence he returned to tbe Hall with a mind still filled with vague misgivings and intangible doubts. In the days that followed there was no exchange of opinion between either two of the three cousins regarding tbe remarkable way in which their joint benefactor had come by his death. VarionB matters which had happened prior to that sad event had set a seal upon the lips of Mat and Naomi, and Levi Blackshaw never alluded to the tragedy in the remotest way. Occasionally the new master of Orsden Hall wondered why the dead man had set him on watch and guard against Levi, and although Mat and Naomi had spoken of that matter in Wales neither had ever ventured to renew the discussion. And thus two or three weeks wore away, the trio of cousins living under the same roof, eating often at the same table, conversing with each other with apparent freedom, yet with an unseen but quite palpable cloud of restraint hanging over them all. Sometimes Mat attributed this lack of heartiness and good feeling to his o irn great fortune. Levi and Naomi were inclined to resent the undoubted partiality bis uncle had shown him at their cost. He was nearer than they were to the dead man, and it was unnatural that one should take almost all, to the exclusion of others who were also his own flesh and blood. Thus Mat thought at times, and then he wonld smile in a grave, forgiving way. In time he would show them he was far from mercenary; for the nonce there was more to think of than mere worldly gear. One morning about this time Mat Shelvocke found among the batch of communications the earliest post brought him a letter which startled and annoyed him not a trifle. Almost the first glance at the missive aroused a keen interest in his breast, and when he turned to the anonymous signature appended to the note he thrust the sheet into hiB pocket, with an effort to appear indifferent, which did not escape the prying eyes of his cousins who were at breakfast with him. Half an hour later when hp was alone— Blackshaw had gone to the colliery offices, and Naomi was attending to the duties of the household—Mat turned to the letter again, read it through carefully, and pondered its contents deeply. This was what he read:— "DearSir—What I am about to tell you will most likely annoy you very much, but as I think yon ought to know what is going on around you, and being said, more or less openly, every day about you, I intend to speak frankly even brutally if need be. Hence, I wish you to consider most carefully what I say. I dare not give yon my name, but ybu may without much difficulty satisfy yourself that what I warn you against is true. " Perhaps I do not need to tell you that the events of the past two or three weeks have made you the most prominent man in all the village. As the new master of Orsden Hall, the new owner of Orsden Colliery, you have become a pnblic character, and the sudden way in which you have leaped, or been thrust, into a position involving importance, riches, dignity, and responsibility, has made you a public target at which one and all may shoot their poisoned arrows. "That is the plain truth. You are the target, and shafts of envy, malice, hatred, and Epleen are being shot day by day at yon. If you care for your good name you wiil see to this matter at on&3\. While all kinds of venomous inuendoes are flying about from one gossip's tongue to another you have no right to sit idly by with folded arms doing nothing. " Do you know what folks are saying? They are saying that Aaron Shelvocke's death was not the mystery it appears; that one man could say something about it if he cared to speak; that the mysterious death was a fine thing for the man who stepped into his uncle's shoes; that it was remirkable Mat Shelvocke should be away in Wales that night when the night engine-tenter thought he had gone down the pit with his uncle; that the engine-tenter sheltered his new master aa far as possible; that the Coroner did the same thing. "Nay, more than this. It is being whispered about that there is some connection somewhere between the deaths of the mine master and his old watchman—each had a bloody end within an hour or two of each other; and it is even said that the police, though apparently asleep, are working quietly. "'All these things, t repeat, and a thousand others are being said, and at your expense. Of course, you know nothing. The talkers dare not talk when'you are by. Even those who respect and admire yen are compelled to listen to the gossip, if they don't join in it." *' I have told you all this that yon may act. Someone is working against you in the dark. I have my suspicions, but I will not name them. You are a man, and strong to think and do where your honour—perhaps your life —may be at stake. "' I finish now. This letter has cost me much pain to write. For your sake alone I have written it. But you may rest assured that I shall continue to watch. I sign myself, "ONLY A FRIEND." CHAPTER XXVII. THE FLIGHT OF THE HEL&J; For a day or two after the receipt of the letter given in the foregoing chapter Mat Shelvocke went about Orsden Green, and his manner was in no apparent way different from that to which his kinsfolk, workpeople and fellow - villagers, had become accustomed since the passing away of his uncle. He went down the mines less frequently than before; spent more of his time in hanging about the pit-top or sauntering through the village streets; was absent occasionally from his meals at the Hall; and for the rest his countenance was ^graver than of old, as if he were under the ban of some ever-present trouble. But that anonymous communication that revealed to him how the winds of village gossip were blowing bad affected him more strongly mentally than physically; and under its paleness and gravity bis handsome face had a sternness, a resoluteness and doggedness, which only two women—Naomi Shelvocke and Lettice Forrester—of all the crowd, were keenvisioned enough to notice. Probably those two only were able to read Mat's countenance and its signs, not through their eyes alone, but by means of their hearts. That the statements set forth in the missive wero true, both in substance and in fact, Mat never dreamt of doubting for an instant. The letter was a revelation to him, and still when his eyes were forced open he was surprised and angry even that he had not seen things in that light before. The writer, whoever she might be—he knew it must be one of two women—had seen the facts with naked eyes, and had sent him her living impressions of what was simmering under the surface of things around him. Slanderous brains were busy coining inuendoes to arm tbe unthinking crowd, the tongues of gossipmongers were busy circulating the base metal; and his honour, even his life might be at stake unless he proved he was a man strong to think and do, as Only a Friend" had stated. What could he think? What ought he to do? How easy to ask those questions. How difficult to frame unto them a sufficient answer. In the depth of his perplexity Mat hurried to tbe colliery on the Moss for the purpose of speaking to his old sweetheart. Lettice Forrester must be the author of that letter; Naomi would have spoken, not written; and since their estrangement the pit- brow girl had been debarred by his action from addressing him orally. Within a dozen yards of the screens wherein Lettice was at work the young fellow paused irresolute. How could he speak to the girl in tbe presence of her workmates? And to call her away, after the action he had deemed it absolutely necessary to take, would only be to subject them to the notice and remarks of many. He went away with his questions unuttered. Going across the line of rails he turned to the Moss, and struck for that portion of it which within recent years bad been drained and cultivated. An hour later he reached the Hall tired and weary, meeting his cousin face to face as he entered the house. "What is the matter with you. Mat?" Naomi cried sympathetically, as her fine black eyes flashed a look of concern upon her kinsman. "You look quite white and ilL What is disturbing you, dear?" "I can hardly tell you, Naomi," he answered grimly. "This affair of uncle's has upset me terribly; but I daresay I shall be all right again in time." "Iam sure I hope so. Mat,"was her tenderly voiced response. " You are really looking very ill, and you ought to see some one, and take a long rest. Why should you go down the mines at all now? Give it up at once, and let some one else do the work. Now you must come and take a cup of tea with me." He followed his cousin into the prettily garnished apartment she affeoted of an afternoon, and, as he helped himself to the tea she had pressed upon him, he remarked in a quiet, resolute tone— " I will take your advice, Naomi. I need a rest badly, and 1 will take one. To-morrow I will go somewhere for a week or two. A change will do me good, I daresay." "Of course it will!" was the handsome woman's heartily uttered reply. "And where do you think of going?" " I cannot say yet, but I wiil let you know. You must tell Levi if I do not see him. Wells, the underlooker, holds a Manager's certificate, and he can take my place. I will we him tonight." On the morrow Mat Shelvocke left Orsden Green without a formal leave-taking of his cousins. The day following they heard from him. He was in Liverpool then, bat was about to journey elsewhere, he said, and would write them again. He wrote later, saying he was bound for London, whioh he had never visited, and expected to remain there for a week or two. In case his relatives did not hear from him again for some time they were not to feel uneasy on his account, as he was half-minded to pay a visit to Paris. After Mat's last letter reached Orsden Hall, ten days went by ere Levi and Naomi heard from him again. One morning—it was Sun. day—the cousins met at breakfast. The face of each was eager and alert, and in the eyes of both there burnt a light which bespoke strange and unexpected intelligence. They greeted each other formally, aa was their custom, fell to on the morning meal with a relish and alacrity that was scarcely natural, and for some, moments partook of the repast la silence, stealing covert glances across tile table as if to read one another's thoughts. "Naomi," Levi said suddenly, with his cap poised in his hand, "don't you think it » strange we haven't heard from our cousin for so long—ten days, I believe?" "Perhaps it is, Levi," she answered readily enough. " But ten days seems a short time indeed when" one is away in a delightful country spending a holiday." "You speak as though you knew exactly, my dear, where Mat is at the present moment," he said slowly, watching her closely the while. "Of course I know. Didn't Mat say he thought of going to Paris? And that be fa there, and finds the gay French capital to his taste, we are bound to conclude from his re missness in not writing." "Perhaps!" he said gravely, and with * marked emphasis on the word. "Do you know," he went on in the same deliberate tone, "I conclude something else? I don't believe he is in Paris, and I fancy he never dreamt of going there." "You astonish me, Levi," she cried, with well- simulated surprise. "At least we had his word for it." "His word!" he said, sneeringly. "Yes, his word!" she retorted wacmlyf "and' until I see reason to doubt, I mty believe it, I suppose?" " Women go on believing in many things that can never possibly take place," was his cutting rejoinder. "He never went to Paris; never intended to go. He is " He drew himself np abruptly, feeling that he was allowing his heat to carry him too far, and as he paused she said in her quietly sarcastic way— " You appear to know a lot about poor Mat, Levi. I was not aware that he took you into his oonfidenoe before he went away. I had imagined that you knew nothing until I told you that, alt my suggestion, he decided to indulge in a long holiday. I believe he went without even bidding his dear cousin goodbye." "I know this, Naomi," be exclaimed in sullen anger. " When a young man goes for a jaunt upon the Continent he doesn't usually carry off a small fortune with him. Within three days of his leaving the village onr excellent cousin withdrew from the Baiik no less a sum than £2,000!" " I believe the money belonged to him,"wa4 Naomi's ironical answer. " So I suppose." "He didn't/ overdraw his aoronnt, X imagine." "No. But a couple of thousand pounds spoils a good deal, if you understand it. I take it to mean a very long absence from home—an absence, moreover, which was cwefully designed, premeditated, and carried out." " If so, what then?" she demanded, setting down the dainty cap of porcelain with which she had been toying, and leaning over the table towards him, with her great eyes fidlowing his own. " I understood that Mat was his own master, that he oould go and come as he would; and the two cousins he graciously permite to reside in his house rent-fr.se, and board—fiee as well, are hardly tbe people to take umbrage at his doings." " There is none so blind," be saidoraoolariy, " as those who will not see. If you do not care to see I am not over wishful to show you." "You h ave something to tell me, X can see, Levi. You wish me to hear it, and I aaa waiting." " Mat has gone away—is abroad, and will never return!" he cried,.with the ring of. triumph in his voice, the gleam of satisfied loneing in his furtive, dark eyes. "Never!"she said, unastonished, and still bending her unflinching gaze upon him. "Never is a somewhat lengthy period, and I can hardly believe that my cousin will prolong his holiday to that extent. Bat yoa use the tone of assurance. Do yoa honestly believe what you say?" "I do! Matisin America; he has sought safety in flight. How can he return? If yoa doubc my word, perhaps yoa will read that" He threw an envelope and its enclosure across the tables She took it up coolly, scanned the foreign-looking stamp an d postmark carefully, then drew out the sheet the slit envelope contained, and read its contents aloud. Too note ran thus:— "Metropolitan Hotel, New York, November 16th, 188—. " My Dear Levi—I scarcely know what you will think of my somewhat unceremonious departure from Orsden Green, and perhaps what yoa may think will not trouble me overmuch. All I care to say to you at present is this. My position at home was getting unbearable, henoe I deemed it desirable to change my quarters. The curious manner in which Uncle Aaron methis death involved me in a particularly odious manner, and although I am perfectly innocent of my connection with, .or knowledge of, his secret visit to the pits, people think otherwise. _ God knows I am guiltless of bis murder, if he was killed by human hands; but until I can prove it, I will never again show my face in my native village. "I have placed the estate in the hands of my solicitor, and you will be responsible to him. Some day, when the mystery is cleared np, I may return. "MATTHEW SHELVOOEX." " Well!" Levi demanded, as she threw back the letter. "What do you think of that?" " I am not surprised at your news. I had a letter from Mat myself this morning, and had read it fully half an hour before yoa came down to breakfast." He glared at her savagely, and an oath was stifled on his lips. She bore his glare with a taunting composure, as she helped herself to a fresh cup of tea. • You did not tell me, Naomi." 'Nor should I have told you now if Mat had not told you all himself. I can keep a secret in spite of the spiteful saying to tbe contrary. Some men are not blessed in that way." " Yon are as beautiful as a witch!" he cried, half angrily, half in admiration; "and asdeep as the Bottomless Pit. What had Mat to say to you?" " Very little, save what your letter contains. He was kind enough to offer me a thousand pounds in addition to my uncle's baqoest, and he desires me to remain mistress of Orsden Hall until he returns to claim his own." "You will be mistress long, then!" he muttered, with half a hiss in his tones. " But about that I shall never grumble, my dear Naomi, so long as I am master," he added, in a meaning way. " Till Mat returns I am willing to call yon by any name that pleases you, cousin," was her careless response. " He will never return, I tell you. He has fled from " A tap at the door closed his lips. The next instant the maid came in, saying that Sergeant Roberts bad called. A meaning glance flashed between the cousins, and then Naomi, who was tbe cooler, said quietly:— " Bring Sergeant Roberts here, please." A minute later the officer walked in, dressed in plain clothes. He nodded to both somewhat stiffly, and then remarked— " I'm sorry to trouble you. Miss Shelvocke and Mr. Blackshaw. But perhaps yoa will oblige me by giving me Mr. Matthew Shelvocke's present address. I understand be is enjoying a holiday somewhere." Levi was about to speak, but Naomi stopped him with an imperious gesture. ' Why do you want ,Mat?" she demanded. I have a warrant for his arrest. He is suspected of having something to do with Aaron Shelvock's death." ' Thank God be is gone!" she cried, 'What does Miss Shelvock mean?" the Sergeant asked, as he turned to Blackshaw. "She means that Matthew Shelvocke has managed to escape to America," was Levi'a reply. " Here is a letter from him which 1 received this very morning. Read it. Sergeant, and then yon will know all about the absconder that we can tell you. My cousin has gone % long way afield to spend his holiday!" 