'MM BHJMNIA.' ? ♦ STORY OF A PATRIOTIC SONG. J^'.-:; . !T is a uteaage, a JHggian^ that to the j^SKan year 1740 we are In -^4HBfy^ai debted for fbe first ?'H-'- III Jk H Save the King,' by tm Ml SV Ji Henry Carey, 'The B -^f a-^ Boast Beef of Old !B^i f lH^fl England,' by Henry IHBcH % !^3§ Welding, and 'Rule, SMBE^W gg^g Britannia.' by ift^B^K' Tg^^ James Tiomson; iHS^w^T 1*Ue 3ast Blliate8n, lfci»7^ — J years later appear MJflWB^^ ed the niagnlficent ?k-- patriotic b u ' b. ?«T 'Hearts of Oak,' (written by David GarricE, who had a £**£** for turning, a ballad, and composed byJ*-*°™*; 'Hearts of Oak.' Hke 'Rule Britannia,' ana many SfMSf K J5 '£ SjAS who also wrote some of the words at a later toe. The song Tvith Fielding's lyric yws ^published in Walsh's 'British Miscellany' about 1740. The authorship of 'Rule, Britannia,' has been dis puted; some authorities at one tune inclining to the belief that, as David Mallet was concerned rwttjh Thomson in writing the masque, ' Alfred, in which the ode was originally sung, he was t&e; writer. I will first give a quotation from W. Chappell's 'National English Airs:' Kuie, Britannia,' from the masque of 'Alfred,' composed by Dr Arne. This masque was written by James Thomson and David Mallet, and was performed in the gardens of Cliefden House in commemor ation of the accession of George I., and in honor of the birthday of the Princess of Brunswick,' en the 1st of August, 1740. It #as afterwards al tered into an opera (by the same composer) and performed at Covent Garden in 1745; and after the death of Thomson which occurred in 1748, it was again entirely remodelled by Mallet, scarcely any part of the first play being retained, and performed at Drury Lane in 1751. The words of '?Rule Britannia,' were, however, written by 'Thomson.' It was already a celebrated song in 1745 for during the Jacobite rebellion in the North of that' year, the Jacobites, with consummate ampudence, took the lay and altered the words to suit their own cause and termed it their 'Na- tional' song. Handel made use of the air in his 'Occasional Oratorio' with slight variation, to [words beginning — War shall cease. ?-?'.-. , ? Welcome, peace! ? ? : '. ' in 1746. When Mallet altered the opera or masque of 'Alfred' it proved a fearful fiasco, and it was not till Thomson was dead that he claimed the ode as his own composition — a composition which Southey (including the music, of course) said ?would be 'the political hymn of this country as Jong as she maintains her political power.' Yet the song was actually published in Edinburgh in the second edition of a well-known song-book during Mallet's lifetime, with Thomson's initials, and apparently Mallet made no stir. Indeed, in the public advertisements when Ame's opera was played, Thomson's name alone was announced as the author of the ode. David Mallet earned much, notoriety as a purloiner of other people's wares, and his imposture with regard to 'Mar- garet's Ghost' is ancient history to students of old ballads and Percy's 'Reliques.' Let us glance at this extract from a contribution by the erudite author of 'Popular Music of the Olden Time' to 'Notes and Queries,' Nov. 20, 1888:— 'I will now refer to Alfred. It was performed a second time at Cliefden House with great suc cess, and soon 'Rule Britannia' became a national song. In 1745 'Alfred' was altered into an opera Tvrr Tii- A-i-nn fho nrinpinal \moa1 narfs heine taken by Mrs. Arne, Miss Toung, Mrs. Sybilla, and Mr. Lc we at' Covent Garden (this was for the benefit of airs. Arne), and turned into a musical drama at Drury Lane, both in the same year. In 174S James Thomson, 4he poet, died from tever, and that suggested to Mallet the idea of robbing his. friend and fellow- countryman (they were both Scottish) of his share of the credit he- had gained by the triple production of 'Alfred,' and especi ally by the. ode; but Dr. Arne, who outlived Thom son and Mallet till 1788, stood always in Mallet's way. It was his music to 'Rule Britannia? that had been one great cause of the success, and everybody knew that the ode had been -written by Thomson, who gave the words -to Arne to set to music, and many thousands of copies had been printed within the ten or eleven years that had elapsed. In the meantime Mallet had received a commission to write the Life of the Great Duke of Marlborough, for which he had received £1000 from the Duchess 'and an annuity from the Duke to expedite Shis labors.' How he carried out his contract is thus told in 'The 'Biographic Dra matica,' 1812, and elsewhere: ' 'Alfred,* a masque by David Mallet, acted alt Drury Lane, Svo, 1751. This is the play of Messrs. TILonison and Mallet, entirely new modelled by the latter, no part- of the first being retained eicept a few lines. Though excellently performed, it was not very successful. The prologue was -written by the Earl of Cork. It has been said that. Mallet procured 'Alfred' to be performed at Drury Lane by insinuating to Garrick that in his intended Life of the Duke of Marlborough he ? should by -an Ingenious device find a niche for the ? Eoscius of. the age. *My dear friend,' said Gar rick, 'have you left off writing for the stage?' The hint was taken, and 'Alfred' was produced. iGarrick himself afterwards tried to turn Mallet's failure as a masque into a tragedy in 1773 to re cover some of the money he had lost upon it, but' he was not more successful than before. Mal let's Life of the Duke of Marlborough was paid for, but never written. Mallet employed Lord OBolingbroke to write three additional verses foi 'Rule Britannia,' to replace three of Thompson's !(which he would never have done if they had been his .own), but the public would not have the new verses, and insisted upon Thompson's, which they knew.' The rest of David Mallet's shameful life will be found in any English book of biography. He enjoyed a considerable pension^, which had been; bestowed on him for his success' in 'turning the' public vengeance upon Admiral Byng by means of a letter of accusation under the character of 'A Plain Man.' That pension was Mallet's blood-money.. He had also. a legacy of Hie copy right of Lord Bolingbroke's 'Works,' Bpfing broke having employed him to 'blast the mem ory of Pope' — 'an office which Be executed with all the malignity that his employer could wish.' Mallet had been a thorough parasite to Pope be fore, and Bolingbroke was the wretched hypocrite made the guardian of his character. No Scotch man would attend Mallet's funeral; but a monu ment was raised by public subscription to the memory of James Thomson in Westminster Ab bey. Mallet's real name was Malloch, and he . died in 1765, aged 60. Mallet did not write the balled of 'Margaret's Ghost,' as is generally stated, for the piece was printed in the reign o! Queen Anne. Athough we frequently hear the first verse of 'Rule Britannia' sung, it is not often that it is sung to the last stanza. Here are the words as originally written by Thomson: RULE BRITANNIA. When Britain first, at Heaven's command, Arose from out the azure main; This was the charter of the land, And guardian angels sang the strain: Rule Britannia, Britannia rules the -waves, Britons never will tie slaves. Tie nations, not so blest as thee, Must in their tura to tyrants fall; Whilst thou shalt flourish, great and free, The dread and envy ot thorn all: Still more majestic shalt jthou rise, More dreadful from such foreign stroke; As the loud blast that tears. the skies . Serve but to root thy native oak: Thee haughty tyrants ne'er'siial! tame; AH their attempts to haul -thee down Will but arouse thy .gen'rous flame And work their woe — but thy renown. To thee belongs the rural reign; ; Thy cities shall with commerce shine; All thiDe shall be the subject main, And «very 'chore encircle thine: . ?.Tlie Muses still -with Freedom found, ?? ' Shall to thy happy coast repair; , iCIest isle! with matchless, beauty crown'd', And many hearts to guard the falr: Biile Britannia, Britannia rules the waves. Britons tUivW irtll ttt llttM. , Truly a fitting. final to: the. Masque, of 'Alfred.' But Alfred as the title, of a play has been singu larly unfortunate, for of all the seven pieces bear ing that name which have been .produced not one has been a success. ;?. Another extraordinary fine British sea song was_ also written by a Scottish, man, 'Ye Mariners of' England,' to -wit, which Thomas Campbell based upon. Martyn Parker's -excellent piece called 'Ye Gentlemen of England:' Says. Dr. Beattie, in his 'Life of Thomas Campbell,' 'Mrs. Ireland, .who saw much of Campbell at this time^ (1799), mentions that it was in the musical evenings at .her mother's house that he. appeared to derive the greatest enjoyment. At these soirees his favorite song was . 'Ye ? Gentlemen of England,' with the music of which (by Dr. Calcott) he was particularly struck, and determined to write new words for it. -Hence _the: noble and stirring lyric of 'Ye Mariners of England,' part of which, if not all, he is said to jhave written after one of these family parties. It was not, however, until he bad retired to Eatisbon and felt his patriotism kindled by the announcement of war with Den mark that he finished the original sketch and sent It home to Mr. Parry of 'The Morning Chronicle.' Thomas Campbell died in 1844.— 'Daily News.' 