%\tt Jlhiisitellbji He Secret of the Tfyndiold ' I want you, and I preeent to listen to' my explanation of what baB ooeorred. Ah ! ' as another shriek camo np from below., ' Miss St Helier, or, rather, Mrs, Wilfred Leveson, is now face to face with tho basband wnom she thought she had 9afely disposed of aorao twelve veara aso. Ba reassured, ladiis and gentlemen all, there is no supernatural agency at work ; nothing more oDcannv than on ordinary trap-door worhed in the oreinary jway, at a given signal, And do not be alarmed on Miss St. ' Holiet's account ; if I had not permitted her onabaod to carry out his little plan in bis own way, I should probably have 1 » lost my wife, who for day's past has roD the risk of a double danger, Mr, Tem pest ingeniously planned her abduction, and Mies St. Helier is only awaiting a i favourable opportunity for hilling her.' / Iris threw her arms about him, heed less of the rest, exclaiming — 'Anton 1 my husband, what are you saying.? ' , ' It is not trne. my dearest you can read the truth of one part of my state ' ment in that villain's face. Aye, hold 1 him fast. His etory can be briefly told. \- He iB not Claudian Tempest at all ; he is Robert Moore, the jewel thief ; and the police are awaiting him below. A i emart deteotive has been looking well, after biro for several weeks past — you :' may have seen him, too. He has been '/' acting as valet to the Hon. Glaudian \ Tempest, who will in a few hours find !-, himself in the same prison which already |i shelters the unfortunate girl who has i been his accomplice in his various rob j beries, disposing of the jewels for him after they wore stolen. As to Miss St. j Helier— but Dr. Heron will tell of her.' \- Taking np his host's story, Dr. '} Heron said — j ' ' Twelve years ago I was visiting , friends' in Barbadoes. One day was \t, asked to examine the corpse of a yosng isl man who was supposed to have com !(/v mitted suicide by poisoning. The !,_? regular doctor wus ill. [' 'I soon discovered that the poor !??' fellow was not dead; that discovery I 7 kept to myself until I bad had an in i'1 terview with someone who could inform !- me on what terms tho husband and i' wife had lived. '} .?? Her own people were ready enough ;\ to hint that th-3 man had been driven to seek death as a release ; no one hsd a good word to eay for her ; everyone ap peared to like him. So I determined r not to leave him back into her power to torment at will. Little more than a | maid though she was, she looked as if - ,?- the could be the veriest vixen that ever - drew breatb. ' 1 ' Taking only one man into my con- [ \- fidence whom I knew I could trust, we arranged for an empty coffin to be lowered into the ground mt itho funeral, which took place within a few hours, and the supposed corpse was removed to « houpe, where I attended it nntil life and consciousness returned, and the un ' happy man was able to tell his miserable story— of how. not .twelve months before he had married Cleopatra St, Helier, [ and she, hating tired of him, had poisonsd his wine, telling him, when he bad emptied his glass, what she had ' - done.. His life ruined, and not -car ' ing to return to the friends who believed him dead, he wandered about the world ' miserably, promising himself his revenge -' for many a long yaar. Lately be has amused himself by frightening his wife by r- appearing to her at night as hie own ,' ghost, finding it easy of accomplishment, as our host had inadvertently allowed i him to discover that one wall of the room \- where Miss St. Helier slept is entirely ' composed of sliding panels, opening into a narrow passage and ' com municating with the corridor by a 1 secrret door. And with his besrd off the poor fellow looks a dozen years younger. Shall we go down now and see how the husband and wife met ?' C All wore ready .to leave the haunted -* room. Tempest was handed over to i Freeman and the constable, who had , oonie to assist the detective. And be aubseqaently had his legal deserts also, ,, being seen at large no more, for his terra -'. of imprisonment will not expire for many \- a long year. Patra St. Helier's fato came upon her with awful sudddenoess. Her descent ? , through the trap door landed her in a lower room of the tower, from whioh the only apparent means of escape was by \ steps leading downwards and ending only ;?, in one of the numerous caves, When i' she found herself face to face with her ?' ' husband, whom she still thought she saw [ only in spirit, she rushed towards these \;\' steps and flew down headlong, urged only to more rapid flight by the sound of \ his voice calling to hor. It wob just after high tide the cave was full of water, and, in the chill of dark ness, the guilty women met hor death. Realising that it was better so, her husband mado his way into the house by passing into the cave leading to the cellar, and made known what had oc curred, before he loft Volhynia to once more wand«d, friendless through the world. The body was found nt low tide, and taken to a neighbouring cottage to await burial, Antou Popielinski refused to have the dsiwn of tho now year dimmed for his adored wifo by the pre sence of a corpse in the house. (To be Continued) 