Y wFALSE PRETENCES;: OR, 14 Ih $ienmma of[ 'otman anox. : A O:BIIRISTShxAS S TOR?2. By AnTHrn DAVIS, ii uthor of " The Glitter of 3old," " On the Edge of a Precipice," &o.; OHAPTER 1. A FATAL QUARREL. It was an intensely hot night, about a fortnight before Christmas. The bright moonlight cast weird shadows from, the tall gum trees athwart the sandy expanse, by courtesy called the main street of the ;,~: townahip of Yanooc. The usual character istics of a bush township - the inevitable store, hotel, butcher's, and blacksmith's facing the aforesaid strip of red sand, with about thirty woodeon cottages with galvanised iron roofs straggling irregularly or a quarter of a mile on either side. To-night the moonlight gave the ordinarily common-place township a somewhat romantic look, compared with the sordid ness of its appearance in the full light of the garish day. Even the iron roofs lost their.. hideously-commercial appearance, and gleamed in shining patches against the sombre background of the melancholy eucalypts. Outside the hotel two kerosene lamps sufficed to .show the recumbent forms of three or four laboring men-carters and the like - wiho were lolling lazily on the floor of the verandah, finding it too hot even to talk about racing, while on the water-trough at the edge of the cart-way sat.several others, apparently of a grade higher in the social scale. Said one. "Let's go down to Loons Caron's wine shop, and have a hand at cards." "No fear," said another. "Too hot to-night to play cards. Costs too much at Caron's too." "Well,' rejoined the first speaker, "if you win you win more." " Yes, and if you lose, you're broke," laughed his' companion. "' Anyhow, it's too hot to be inside to-night." During the conversation the glances of the party had been directed with languid interest towards the furthest house visible to the right, where, at that distance, could just be distinguished a light-the only one apparent in the township, save at the hotel. Approaching it from the centre of the township, Caron's dwelling appeared to be similar to the dther cottages, but on the spot, it could be seen that the build ing extended considerably at. the rear, where a large room was fitted up as a wine saloon. It was alirays a puzzle why Caron should have ?opened a saloon of this character in a place like Yanooc, with its limited population. Still, there was a large area of good country on every side, and there were few, from squatters to rouseabouts, in the district, who were not patrons of Leon Caron. Not that the 'wine he sold had a greater charm than the whisky or colonial beer of the hotel, but because there was always the chance of winning-or losing -at cards, and the monotony of bush and station life knows no variation so acceptable as the excite. ment of a gamble. Some of those who frequented his place shook their heads dubiously when Caron's business was under discussion, and hinted at more than one squatter being under the financial thumb of this suave furtive-eyed French. man. Whether wineseller, sharper, or usurer, Caron gave no man a clue to his affairs, and his customers just accepted his polite? ness for what it was worth, and enjoyed themselves in their own way-and paid for it. _ To-night there were only two persons in the saloon. At a small table, at one end of the room, they sat; a bottle of wine and two glasses on. an adjacent chair, and a little pile of gold on the table beside the cards. Caron was about forty, swarthy, lithe and muscular, with a suggestion of the savage inhissinisterexpression. -His companion, Norman Lennox, was twenty-three, fair, with a naturally frank, good-looking face, and the physique of an athlete. But his features were just now distorted with intense passion, while Caron's grew more evil in their expression momentarily. The two men sat bolt upright, regarding each other fiercely. Lennox, with his right hand had gripped Caron's left, which covered a card on the table. The situation was obvious-Lennox had caught him cheating. A moment later Caron's wrist was given a half twist, and the card lay revealed. "You French - dog t" said. Lennox, savagely. The men rose to their feet. simul taneously. Lennox still held Caron's wrist in that vice like grip, and the Frenchman winced. But it was at the speech, not the pain. His right hand slowly dropped to the pocket of his sac coat. Lennox, never taking his glance from those basilisk eyes, now furiously ablaze, noted the movement andi its import. The next instant there was' a gleam of steel in the air, but the other was too quick, and a terrifio hit on the point of the jaw from his adversary's left - had hurled Caron backward, the gleam of the curious-bladed knife describ. ing almost a circle in the air, as its owner fell, striking his head sharply against the iron- hooped edge of a quarter-cask of wine standing- on the floor. Lennox relaxed his aggressive attitude as Caron, with a convulsive movement ands gasping cry, grew strangely still. His eyes lost their blaze, his face became pallid, and from beneath the dark head came an ominous crimson stream, that soaked slowly into the sawdust on the floor. A horrible fear seized Lennox. He knelt beside the prostrate man, raising his headi. He could fool the warn b!ood trickling through his fingers. tie called Caron by name, but there was no reply, and an ashen hue overspread the French. man's features. A slight noise made Norman look up. In the doorway stood a tall, well-dressed man. He had a riding whip in one hand, and with the other he was thoughtfully stroking a well-trimmed black beard. tHis natural surprise at the scene before him was mingled with a curiously sardonic expression, and his air was that of one svho is rapidly solving a suddenly-pre sented problem. Lennox sprang to his feet with an exclamation of relief. "Oh, Martin, I am glad you're here." Quickly explaining what had happened, he concluded, " Sec if le's alive. I'm afraid I've killed hum.' There was intense agony in his request, but the inscrutable figure at the door did not move. Still stroking his board deo liberately, Dr Martin Shaw looked search. ingly at the prone heap of humanity. at the knife on the floor, the overturned table, and the scattered sovereigns. Then his gaze rested on the blood-stained hands of, the man who was addressing him. Without moving, he said coolly : ""It would be no loss if you had killed him." Lennox made an impatient movement, as though he would have taken the doctor by the arm and dragged him forward. Without apparent intention, Shaw evaded the grasp of those blood-stained hands, and came nearer to the prostrate man. He bent over the recumbent form, felt the pulse, and laid his hand on Caron's heart He gave aslow significant shake'-of the head. Norman Lennox, watching him closely, felt his blood chill and his knees tremble. He sank into a chair, wher he ecould not see the ghastly face on the floor. Dr Shaw rose and stood before him, looking down at his white anguished features as one would look at a rat in a trap. In a dry, husky whisper Lennox asked : " is-is he-- -? " He could not say the word. The doctor nodded. "His neck is broken" he said Normabi's head sank on his breast. "Great :heavon I Martin, what shall I do ? " he gasped. There was an oppressive silence for a minute or two, and then Shaw said quietly: - "Take my advice-get out of this. You have no nerve. There is no one hero but oirselves, for I saw Caron's man down at the hotel as 1 came by. Did ho see you hero ?" "I saw nobody but Caron," was the reply. "I; have only been here an hour." The doctor's eyes gleamed. "Then get away. Go back to my place. Take the first train in the morning to lMel bourne, and book your passage by the earliest steamer to London. Lose your self there for awhile." " What's the use ? If I change my name, I shall meet somebody who knows me." "I don't say change your name," said Shaw, in the same even tones. There is no need. Follow me quickly in what I say. or we shall be found here. Nobody but myself knows you have been here. If ,ou leave Yanooc in the morning and take the train at Larana I will :give out that you went away early this morning. You have not been near the townshiF these two days." "And what about-that T' and Nor. man shuddered, as he pointed to the floor. "Leave that to me," said the doctor. "But I must have some money to work with-to cover the retreat, as it were. It's a big risk for me, but I'll do it for you. You won't be heard of in the mat ter, but get right out of the country, for you'll betra yourself if you don't. Write me a cheque for £500, and I'll hide the whole traged.. Be quick, man, unless you want to be hanged. Wash your hands, and write me the cheq.'e." Like a man in a mesmeric stupor, Len nox obeyed him. The doctor stood listening attentive y for the sound of approaching footsteps, but as yet there was no sound except the occasional chirp of a cricket, or the droning hum of the myriad mosquitoes attracted through the open door by the light. When Lennox handed him the cheque, Shaw said : " How about that £100 I owe you T" "Don't mention it," said the other. " If l ou can save me from this I shall owe you everything." '"Rely on me," said Shaw. "Don't ask me how I'll manage. You'll know some day but vanish from Australia as quickly as you can. Don't change- your name, mind, or that may provoke sues. picion somewhere. You need not be apprehensive, if you do as I tell you. Not another word-go," and he urged him through the door, closing it behind him. Norman walked, as in a horrib e night. mare, away from the township towards Dr. Shaw's hoose, a mile and a half dis tant.. He had been staying with him on a visit for the past month. There would be no one in the house, he knew, for the doctor was a bachelor, and his domestic arrangements were attended to by the wife of a neighbor, who came in for an hour or two each day. He reached his room, flung himself on the bed. and gave himself over to an agonizing retrospection of the events of the night. When the door closed behind Lennox, Dr. Shaw turned away with a curious smile upon his face. He stooped and picked up the scattered coins, poqa$k.ii- - them, with the slender astilettc.. 'U which had dropped from, L thnn k-lf. when he foll. He set it {Cr ar.o's hand table. and then, tak'r the overturned rolling up his 81F lea Li oo his eot . a deal wit, h the .... u .. ? e, his cia tO ,o.= w of Caron. e bered gav? ir , ' The Osn Op ' 0 borano was clear a c Cor waters of the IYnoo. A dOugbhe man Lennox beganth easeessrolofoe N Albany was a hudre d treath freesy. the wake of the vess el; en iltyic'5si m he remembered this, gavemos a"{i ns, o The morning was clear and' h Iof relie' he felt the invigorating iflu I Ed and sea lend a buoyancy tohisi'j ,of a which he had been a stranger sli -, horrible night at 'anooc. As he'eat th deck, watching the ceaseless roll ofti restless waters, he mentally reviewed the main circumstances of his past life. He recalled his earliest impressions of the home in Queensland where he was born-of his mother who died so early in his career that she was but a shadowy memory. He recalled the personality of his father, the absolutely affectionless old man who had the reputation of being - next to Jimmy Tyson-- the hardest man in Queensland to drive a bargain with. During the years of his son's boyhood, Norman's father had allowed him to run wild in the company of boundary riders. rabbit trappers, and rough and ready selectors, a neglect which had worked for the lad's good, in providing him with a stock of vigorous health, and saving him from imbibing the polite meannesses and vices of polished society. When old Gordon Lennox did manifest a special interest in his son, and order him to repair to an educational institu tion in Sydney to study, it was an un pleasant command for the youth, but he swallowed his distaste for the change, and his educational attainments satisfied his father, who, although he never be stowed upon his son an affectionate word, left him all he had amassed in the twenty-five years of hard toil and privation since landing, a poor man, in the colony. Norman was only twenty-one when his father died, and although he felt the loss of the only relative he knew in the world, yet the tie had never been one which was calculated, if broken, to lacerate the hearts of those whose lives it bound to gether. Norman recalled the fact with a feeling akin to self-reproach, which was deepened as he recollected how, during the past two years, he had done his best to dissipate, in foolish or dubious pur suits, the fortune his father had left to him. That it was seriously diminished he knew. Whatever real estate his father • had left he had converted into cash, having a de termination not to be bothered by business matters while having his fling. This, he mused, was just as well, after all, for it had enabled him to leave Australia without dislocating a lot of business * affairs. Then he fell to thinking of Dr. Martin Shaw He recalled his first meeting with him in an adventuso where the doctor's part in the performance impressed Nor man with a high admiration of his cool self- possession and splendid nerve. He was a mysterious fellow. Norman had heard queer things about him, but these were libels, undoubtedly. Shaw had proved himself a priceless friend to him. Then Norman fell to wondering what the doctor had done to hide the horrible result of that unlucky blow. Day after day, on his arrival in Melbourne, Nor man had opened the morning paper in fear and trembling, expecting to see, in staring headlines, " Terrible Tragedy at Yanooo. A Saloon Koeper Murdered !" But not a line had appeared. Norman 1d only suppose that the doctor had that Caron had mot his death by falling, and, if Caron's em od over-curious, that Shaw `h his while to be silent. was not so. Suppose lidden for the time Skg, may be-and out. If sus t fall on the orman had full . gness to screen him receive of the doctor risk. nd reputation to save a frienC guilty. Norman shuddered al Sgt of the word "guilty." H( feel himself morally guilty. I accident, but who would believ, His very flight, he reflected witl cfortable feeling, would belie hi that he was innocent of murder Then the old dread came back that h S had felt while in Melbourne, and agail when the steamer touched at Adelaide--i the fear that he would be confronted by a minion of the law with a warrant for e his arrest. Still, he could banish the fear for a while. The steamer called only cr Capetown-but one stoppage before reaching England; he had chosen this route in order to avoid the numeroius ports of call by the Suez Canal route. 1 During the few days he had been in Melbourne, awaiting the departure of the I steamer, he had remained quietly at his a hotel, not desiring to meet any of his ac- I quantances. Heo had met none of these, r but he was somewhat perturbed when booking his passage at the shipping offlice, by a gentleman who claimed him as an acquaintance. He had just given his name to the i clerk, when a gentleman standing near c turned and held out his hand. "Hlow are you, Mr Lennox? Going away already. You've had a very short stay in the colonies." " You have the advantage of me," Norman had said, coldly declining the proffered hand. "I beg your pardon," said the other, I frigidly, but regarding Norman with a curious expression, which, in the then state of his nerves, made him shiver. When the gentleman went out of the office into Flinders-lane, Norman asked the clerk if he knew him. " No," said he; "hle's a new arrival I from India, I think. Came last week by the British India Company's Rangoon. I forget his name." Norman recalled this incident. now, and found himself wondering who the man was, but speculation was futile. Still the episode jarred on his nerves as it had at the moment of its occurrence. Norman recalled, too, the fact that this was Christmas Eve. It was going to be a wretched Christmas for him, hq thought. He had blood upon his hands,"and, for E aught he knew, a price upon his head, I and he was an exile-a fugitire. The i thought embittered his mind, and caused him to hold aloof from the sociable com bination of the other passengers in their I preparations to make their Christmas at f sea renueiiscent of the festive occasion in the home life on shore, an attitude which ihe maintained to a considerable extent all f through the voyage. On arriving at Capetown, and finding no communication had been received from Australia to intercept him as 1 " wanted," Norman's spirits rose. During the long and quiet hours of the I night, as he lay listening to the ceaseless throb, throb, of the mighty engines, and the monotonous swish of the water, as the huge vessel drove through the billows, he :could not escape from the i melancholy recollection of the fatal result of his folly ; and tile ghastly face of tie 1 dying Frenchman became visible again to him in the darkness. It was often the central feature of fearful dreams, crowded with horror. But in the daylight, with 1 its bustle and activity, its panorama of sea and sky, the glorious sense of free, unrestricted motion, as the steamer rode onward through the waves, these morbid fancies vanished, and his youth and strength asserted their power, and made his pulses beat with renewed hopefulness. And, passing from " tihe summer of the world" into cooler latitudes, he braced his nerves yet more tensely, and the wretched past seemed as far distant as the shores whence he had come. But, with the first sight of English soil- the picturesque Cornish headlands \--his depression returned. What if, after all, lie had come this far only to have the hand of the law clapped on his ooshoulder, and to learin his first experience Sof England in a felon's cell. So strongly did this feeling actuate him, that in spite of a longing to leave the ship at Plymouth, lhe refrained from going ashore No, he would go on to ;ondon, he reasoned. There he would jiafer if he did land without interfer inco, and even if the news of Caron's Leath had been telegraphed to Scotlaind I 7ard, he would still have a few days iberty on board the vessel ere she ] ceached Gravesend. When at length the steamer reached Condon, and the exodus of passengers I Segan, Norman lingered in his cabin, not 4 )ccause he was undesirous of losing him self in the labyrinth of the modern Babylon, but because he instinctively ivoided the many strangers who had :ome on board. Nor had he any heartto vitness the cordial greetings of those who were welcoming -friends and relatives i Ifter their sojourn in lands on the other ide of the world. He felt his own sense )f loneliness sharply accentuated by these demonstrations of welcome, and they recalled the fact that at neither end f the world could he expect a welcome; For, although he had the means to do as he pleased, he had no claim to the interest .r affection of a solitary- being, and the lisaster which had overtaken him two 1 months before had even cut him off from tis friends and acquaintances. When the confusion on deck had some what abated, Norman came from below, I md leaning over the rail took an in crested glance at the shore. It was a clear lay, a sharp frost had crisped the face of the snow lying upon the ground, and the wintry sun made the hulks lying in the river and the distant bank of the Thames 1 ,listen as with a miflion diamonds. A ittle steamer was being loaded with pas sengers and their luggage for conveyance to Blackwall, and he watched this with in absent-minded curiosity. He was startled out of his reverie by hearing a strange voice at his elbow : "Mr Norman Lennox, I believe.`' He felt himself turning icy cold, a sen cation of faintness made him dizzy, and so clutched the rail for support. This, then, was the end of it all ? Nemesis had vecrtaken him ! He.had not turned his head, but as he seard his name spoken a second time, he steadied himself by an effort, and turned ;o face the speaker. He saw a stout, well-preserved man of ifty or thereabouts a man evidently on good terms with hiniself dressed with freat care, from the patent-leather-boots en his feet to the faultlessly glossy tall rat, which he raised in acknowledgment if Norman's mechanical salute. He ooked like the proverbial English mer :hant or banker, with iron-grey whiskers, :ut in the orthodox mutton-chop style. Fils lips had a pleasant smile which, olmohow. was discounted by a foxy look , his cold-grey eyes. But Norman was not looking at him low. The man was not alone. Imme liately behind him was a lady, appa ceotly about twenty years old, and prettior than any girl Norman remem bered to have ever seen before. She was richly attired, her dainty filure set Aff to advantage by the stylish fur cloak she wore, and the coquettish Alpine hat poised upon her shapely head. Her deep blue eyes were fixed upon Norman with a look of anxious curiosity. At the sight of her a revulsion of feeling set in, and Lennox felt the warm blood, which a moment since had surged to his heart, coursing again through his veins. He felt bewildered. This, surely, was not what he had dreaded. " I see no have startled you," said the gentleman. " You did not expect anyone to meet you, I know. Allow-me to introduce myself. My name is Carter -Robert Carter, financier-an old friend of your father's ; and this is my daughter, MIiss Alice Cartem." Norman mentally shook himself He feared he was dreaming ; but the charm ing smile of the lady, and the pressure of the small hand withdrawn- from the muff she was carrying, convinced him that he was talking to real flesh and blood. " But,":,said he, recovering himself a little. " How did'you know I was coming to England? I was unaware anyone knew." " Ah," said the other smiling, " that is my little secret. But that must not lessen in your mind the fact that we are delighted to see you. And your present want of knowledge of us must not pre. vent you accepting our hospitality. You have no very definite plans as yet, I presume ?" "Indeed, I have not," said Norman, more puzzled than over. "But surely there is some mistake ?" "None whatever, I assure you," said Mr Carter. "But see, the steamer is nearly ready, and I have my carriage waiting at Blackwell. We will talkas we go." Fgor a moment Lennox stood irresolute, but as he looked from father to daughter, he felt that he might as well yield to this extraordinary request. Whatever might transpire, he could not improve matters by declining. In a few minutes he had made the necessary arrangements respecting his luggage, and half an hour more saw him seated beside Miss Garter, her father occupying the opposite seat in a finely appointed closed carriage drawn by a pair of high-stepping horses. Whi!e on the crowded steamer there had been merely an interchange of com mon-place remarks, but Norman was now anxious to learn more of the situation in which he found himself. Mr Carter readily acquiesced "This, of course, is your first visit to England, Mr Lennox. I am a very old friend of your fatlher's, and owe him a debt of gratitude. It may not be known to you, and you will pardon me for re ferring to it, but he married against the advice of his friends, and his own happi ness was not enhanced thereby. I do not wish to pain you by reference to this, and having now spoken of it, I will never again refer to it. But now that both your parents are dead, I, knowing precisely what your father's desires were, am anxious that you should reciprocate the interest I feel in you as the son of Gordon Lennox, and do me the honor of considering me your friend." " I ant sure," replied his perplexed listener, courteously, "that I shall esteem the privilege." "I am gratified," said Mr. Carter, urbanely, "and now, if you don't mind, we will leave reference to family affairs for the present." Norman bowed, but he could not re frain from asking again : " But how did you know I was coming to England 1" " Well,' said Mr Carter, reflectively, " I may say this much. I learned from a friend of mine, who is interested in your welfare, that you had left Australia in thle Chimborazo, and we came to claim you as our guest." Instantly Norman's mind reverted to Dr. Shaw, and for a moment he flushed at the recollection of that awful night at Yanooo. But the next minute the musi cal voice of his fair companion, addressing him, diverted his thoughts. The carriage drew up before a stately mansion in Cadogan Square, and a few minutes later Norman found himself in a sumptuously furnished room,. evidently prepared for his use. As the door closed behind his host, he sat down in an easy chair, and pressing his hands to his temples, tried to think the curious prob lem out. It was no use. After an hour's quiet reflection, he gave it up. He felt that come what may, he must drift with the fresh current that had set in in his affairs. And throughout all his delibera tions the sweet face of Alice Carter dwelt with gentle insistence before his mental :vision. - CHAPTER III. THE OliOWTII OF LOVE. The dinner at Cadogan House that evening was the most enjoyable meal Norniau Lcnnox had ever partaken of. I To one who had spent six weeks on ship board, to say nothing of his idle days in the colonies, the luxuries of. a well-appointed table were thoroughly acceptable, but these were minor points in the category of Norman's eijoyment. His host exerted himself to the utmost to make his guest feel that he was completely welcome, and in this effort he was ably seconded by his daughter. If Norman I thought hi r lovely when he saw her first, She thought her superlatively charming now. Her rich brown hair, in shining coils, gave an increased charm to her face and form ; her movements had the grace and dignity which evidenced gentle birth and culture, and when she spoke, :Norman, who had hitherto cared but little for the society of women, felt a thrill of intoxication fill every fibre of his being. There were no other guests. The family party was made up by the widowed sister of Mr Carter, Mrs Hilliard, who managed his household, and acted as chaperone to Alice, who, Norman learned, had only returned from France a year previously, where she had been to com * plete her education. Her motlher had -'-died five years before. When the gentlemen joined the ladies in the drawing-room, Alice played and sang for them. Her voice, a rich con tralto, lent an added beauty to the s3nti ment of the songs, and Norman sat entranced, scarcely heeding the occasional remarks of Mr Carter and his sister. SThat night he scarcely slept The change from the motion of the vessel, with its monotonous chant of engine and wave, to the stillness of the luxurious room, was of itself sufficient to keep him awake, but the excitement of this now Strend in his affairs absolutely forbade sleep. SDuring the next few days he learned more of his host. He was a city magnate, the principal of the firm of Carter and Carter, whoso financial operations dea't Swith-speculations in every part of the , .globe. Norman was aslhamed to confess to himself that he had never heard of the firm, as he listened to Mr Carter's description of the magnitude of their .operations. The elder man appeared to lay special stress on this, and took Nor man to see the city establishment with the evident desire to impress his guest with the idea of his solid financial standing, Sa fact of which the houtie in Cadogan Square was quite sufficient to convince Lennox. The days slipped rapidly by-halcyon days they were to Norman, who by this time had relegated the miserable memory of the past into temporary oblivion. The members of the family appeared to vie Swith each other in making his stay plea sant, and day by day he felt himself fall ihg more desperately in love with Alice Carter. Ho yielded weakly to the temp tation, though, ever and anon, the sha dow of the past would glide across his pleasing thoughts, but, as he was daily in her company, he doggedly refused to think of anything but her charming per sonality. Sometimes it puzzled him to see the evident satisfaction her father appeared to find in their companionship. Such favor, Norman felt, could not have been more freely vouchsafed had he known him for years, but it was quite palpablesuch was the case. Three months passed, the winter had gone, and the opening spring gave oppor tunities for pleasant rides and drives, in which the young people were thrown to gether more than ever, and it was at thia time that Norman became sensible tlat £ he was regarded with a deop'r warmth of feeling by Alice. An increased diffidence when they were alone, a I variance of touch and tone, the thousand and one indications of the presence of 1 unspoken affection, daily enlightenedi Norman to the growing regard of the girl I he loved for him. When this became clearly apparent to him, he took himself seriously to task, and, after a manvais quart d'1hcure, resolved he would go away. The dark shadow of the past be came a funereal pall, under which his dearest desires must be buried. But Mr Carter would not hear of it. He was particularly insistent, and added that later on, when Norman had enjoyed his leisure a little longer, there were cer tain business matters to which he would ask his attention. Norman did not quita grasp the meaning of this, but forbore ta question him, for on several prior occa sions, when he had commenced to speak of his father, or of his own prospects, Mr'Carter had begged of him not to refer to the matter just then, or had deftly turned the conversation. And always from such a colloquy Norman would retire slightly dazed. And when lie men tioned the idea of going away to Alice she said nothing, but the look in her eyes decided him to stay. The friendship with the Carters intro duced Norman into a select circle of Lon don society, and a pleasurable round' of gaiety of a subdued order gave him ample opportunity of learning the ways of a Sfashionable ~torld of which he had often Sread, but, in his past days, had never supposed he would be particularly inte Srested in. It was intensely enjoyable ; it was all so novel, and at times, to his vigo I rous, practical mind, so amusing, and Alice took a keen delight in listening to his criticisms of the people they met and the functions they attended. I In the summer season they accepted, Swith Mrs Hilliard, an invitation to Scar i borough, to the seaside residence of a r friend of Mr Carter's-a Mrs Noel. This a lady had a hobby for keeping dogs, a dozen or so of various breeds being scat 1 tered about the establishment. One of , these animals was a splendid mastiff 3 called Nero. Norman, with an Austra t lian's keen eye for a good animal, horso 0 or dog, took a great pleasure in watching s this thoroughbred specimen, and his inte a rest was a source of great satisfaction to s its mistress. It was the afternoon of a very hot day in July, and th'e guests had dispersed in various direction. Most of them were on the Esplanade, listening to the music. Alice, with Mrs Maitland, was walking to and fro on the broad piazza facing the sea, and Norman was standing at the open French window facing the lawn, and from which lie could just hear the tones of Alice's voice as she talked witl her aunt. Below on the lawn was the mastiff Nero. Norman was abstractedly watchin, him, and wondered why the dog did not lie in his favorite position on the cool grass under the trees. With his head down he was moving round and round in slowly-widening circles, and giving vent to shortangry snapping barks. Just then a gardener came through the shrubbery from the stables, carrying in his hand a hay fork, with two steel prongs. The man looked at the dog, then, leaving the shrubbery, walked a little way across the lawn. Just then the dog lifted up his massive head. Foam was dripping from his jaws, and.his great eyes had a wolfish look. The man dropped the fork and ran. As he neared the house he called to Norman : " The dog's mad, sir ; I must get a gun and shoot him. Shut the window." Norman half closed the window as the dog, attracted by the-flying gardener, t came creeping after him. At that moment Norman remembered that Alice and Mrs i Hilliard were on the piazza outside. A terrible fear seized him, and as the dog ( crept, tiger-like, into the shrubbery-path, 1 he sprang out into the garden, and snatch- i ing up the fork the or te an had flung aside, he turned toward the house. Three steps led up to the piazza at the I head of the path. Near the steps was. Alice petrified with horror at the sight of the huge beast, who had crept to the foot of the steps and was contemplating al spring upon the terror-stricken girl. Mrs i Hilliard, at the far end of the piazza, was vainly trying to open one of the windows. With a bound Norman sprang to the side of the crouching animal, and poising the fork in both hands, drove it with all his might, aiming it at the dog's head. But the animal swerved, and instead of the prongs piercing its head, they pinned him to the ground, one on either side of the neck. Norman knew that his only salvation now was to keep the brute there until .help arrived. But the animal was power. ful-doubly powerful in its madness, and with its great back arched, its eyes bulging, and every hair erect with fury, it writhed and struggled to get free, while Norman, his every muscle strained to its utmost tension, forced the beast's head down until the stout ashen handle of the fork bent under the pressure. What if it should break. It meant death to all three-the most horrible of all deaths, by a madness like that of the poor brute at his feet. Norman could feel his strength going. The veins on his forehead seemed burst ing with the exertion, a red mist swam before his eyes, when a sudden explosion rang in his ears- another-and then he Iheard : '.'Let go, sir -ho's done for." Norman loosed the handle andstaggered back. The gardener stood with a doubec barrelled gun in his hands, and the dog was in the throes of death. Norman looked at Alice. She was still standing, like a statue, at the head of the steps. Her beautiful face was White as marble, but her eyes had in them an expression lie had never seen before, but which made his pulses beat madly. She held out her hands to him. S" Norman," she cried, and the next Smoment she had fainted in his arms. CHAPTER IV. DOCTOR MARTIN StHAW. It was the latter end of October, and London society was beginning to return from the moors and the sea-side, from Switzerland and the Riviera, and all those delightful places whero its msembers had taken refuge from the Sdust and discomfort of the great city. SThe Carters were back at Cadogan House, but Norman was now located at a i fashionable club, as he wa- now in the Senviable position of the betrothed of the t daughter of the house. 1 After the episode at Scarborough there I was no 'pnssibility of evading the i natural bonclusion, and the evident t pleasure of Mr Carter, independently of 1 his heartfelt gratitude to Norman for his brave act, made the course of true love i run particularly smooth, as yet. The 3 engagement was three months old. and it Swas arranged that the marriage should i take place at Christmas. Already certain necessary preparations were being made, D and Norman yielded to the delirious ox , citement of his now rold without a thought or a care for anything that had Shappened before. o But with the extinction of the sunshine, and the arrival of the dreary fogs of n November, he began to suffer from occasional fits of depression when he was o alone. Perhapsit was the reaction from the ecstas4 when he was in the presence of his lndy-love; perhaps it was the murky amosphero : but, whatever the cause, hd was wretched at times, and he could not help thinking that he was too happy to last, and that this was a pre monition of coming disaster. One day he sat moodily smoking in his ronm at the club, when with an apologetic knock, the attendant announced a visitor. Norman looked up. It was Dr Martin Shaw ! The visitor stood in the open doorway, a walking cane in one hand, and with the other he thoughtfully stroked his beard. There was something horribly reminiscent in the attitude, as though it were cynically premeditated, and with a whitening face and a dull, heavy pain at the heart, Norman saw the whole of that fatal scene at Yanooc rise vividly before him. He felt his present existence, with its refined pleasures, its keen interest, its affection, slipoing fromaround him. Unconsciously a couplet from Eugene Aram slipped into his mind - "So wills the fierce avenging sprite, Till blood for blood atones," and he shuddered. -This man, with his saturnine face, and his sarcastic smile, standing in the doorway so suddenly, seemed to Norman's startled vision the personification of the avenger. All this passed through his mind like a flash. "Why don't you say ' 1 am glad you've come, lartin,' " said Shaw, and by the sneering tone, more. than the iteration of the words he so well remembered, Norman knew that Dr Martin Shaw came as an enemy. He roused himself. "Come in, and sit down. I never expected to see you here." Thie doctor took the proffered cigar, and helped himself to a glass of whisky from the decanter on the table. "Probably not," he said. "Nor by your manner should I suppose my presence is particularly welcome to you. Don't argue the matter," lie added, as Norman made. a deprecating gesture. "It will, perhaps, simplify matters if I am plain with you. I am an unp'easant reminder of that which you would rather forget. Save for me, you appear to have forgotten pretty easily. It is not yet twelve months since you were a - well, since you were flying from justice possibly the hangman's rope-and now you are a curled darling of aristocratic society, a member of a select London club, and engaged to be married to the beautiful daughter of a wealthy city man. And I -T have had the devil's own luck, though I haven't murdered anybody-not even a Chinaman-and as you onoe told me if I got you out of the scrape you would owe everything to me, I want you to settle the debt." " What do you want ? You are plain -brutally p'ain," said Norman, wearily. " I want a fresh start." said Shaw. I want to do as you are doing now. I want you to give me ten thousand pounds." "Ten thousand pounds?" exclaimed Norman. " Nonsense. Fifteen thousand pounds is all I have." " But you owe me everything," was the sneering answer. " Anyhow, think it over. I shall not leave London without it-or- without you," and, rising, he Sstood for a minute looking down on the crushed figure in the chair, as he looked at him once before in the saloon at Yanooc, then turning on his heel, he left Norman to his own reflections. The next few days were days of torturo to Norman. It was not the contomplatio fl : of the unreasonable request of Dr. Shse I that made him miserable. He would hl'1 iN freely parted with every penny hli e i Scould he have felt that never again " the' accusing past rise up before' L But he saw clearly that there 0 , i finality in this demand So . Slived he would be liable aL' And there was the agonising fear that r there was some other who might know the I secret, far Martin Shaw could scarcely i have disposed of Caron's body alone. A few days since how happy he had been, and now how wretched he was. t Alice, with the keen insight of love, noted I the change, and anxiously rallied him e about it. For her sake, he strove to t banish his fears when in her presence, but they returned tenfold when. he was I alone. One evening he arrived at Cadogan 1 House just before the dinner hour, and t Mr Carter, drawing him aside into the I library said : ] "I have a little surprise for you to. f night." a Norman started. His nerves were ( getting unstrung. He dreaded any more t surprises. "What is it 1" he enquired. I "An old friend of yours. He is here a ,to dinner." c Norman's heart sank within him. I There was only one man whom he could a possibly think of in this connection, and t to meet him here would truly be the death's head at the feast. He followed his host with the feelings 1 of a criminal going to his execution. " Mr Lennox- Captain Leroy," said Mr I Carter, and Norman saw before him a bronzed and bearded man with a distinctly military bearing. The two men looked at each other for a minute; and then the captain said, quietly : "There is some mistake Mr Carter. This is not my friend, Mr Norman Len. nox"," "That is my name, certainly," sail Norman, " but I never saw you before to my knowledge." There was a dead silence for a minute ar so. The two men looked curiously at each other, but on the face of Mr Carter was an expression of sudden alarm. "You are joking," he gasped. ".Not at all," said Captain Leroy. "This gentleman is wonderfully like my friend, but it is not the Norman Lennox I know." " Good God 1" cried Carter, sinking in to a chair. Then starting up he turned fiercely to Norman: " Are you not the son of Gordon Len. nox ?" "Certainly I am," answered Norman. "Gordon Lennox, the banker, of Aldergate, in the City of London V" "No-as certainly not," retorted Nor. man, on whom a sudden light began to dawn. " My father waa Gordon Lennox, of Brisbane, Queensland, who left Scot land for Australia twenty-six years since." Carter's jaw dropped. His face was ashen pale. "I see it now," he gasped. "My friend was your father's cousin," and he slipped down, a prone heap on the floor. The two men looked at each other. "There has been some terrible mistake here," said Captain Leroy. "There haa, indeed." bitterly replied Norman. "Come with me to my club and we will try to understand this mys tery." Norman rang the bell, and bade the footman attend to his master, and, with a brief message to Mrs Hilliard, they left the house. When they were seated in Norman's room, he told the captain briefly his own history, and how he became acquainted with the Carters. "Ieee it all clearly now," said the cap tain. "Now let me explain. Old Gor don Lennox, the banker, your father's aousin, it appears, married a lady against he wishes and advice of his friends. Flaey quarrelled soon after the birth of ..heewoon, who like yourself was named ' had fei . She was an Anglo-Indian, S-esessed of ample private means, left her husband and returned to India. It was there I became acquainted with her and her son, with whom I was very friendly. About two years ago she died, and Norman made up his mind to travel. Twelve months ago he went to Australia, and I have not heard from him since, until I learned from Mr Carter that he was here. The rest you know." After Captain Leroy had gone, Norman made up his mind. He could see clearly now. He could see the significance of the brief conversation with the stranger at the shipping office in Melbourne. He had been mistaken then for the other Norman Lennox. It was no use struggling against fate. Nemesis was at his heels in the shape of Dr. Shaw, and in the eyes of Mr Carter he was little better than an impos. tor. True, he had not deceived him; Carter would never allow him to talk.of his family, but the complication was there all the same. If it were not for the stain of blood on his hands he would marry Alice in spite of all, but it was better he should go. He would not link her fate to that of a miserable wretch like himself. He sat down and wrote a tender fare well letter to Alice, and a brief note to her father, and despatching these he or dered a cab. Packing his portmanteau, he drove to Euston Station and took the express to Dover. The next day he was in Paris. He put up at a quiet hotel in the Rue dela Roche, and for a day or two wandered. aimlessly about, cursing his existence. On the morning of the third day after his arrival lie was sitting in his'room speculating as to the wisdom of putting an end to his life, when the waiter knocked at the door. " A gentleman to see you, monsieur." "No, no," said Norman, 'I have no acquaintance hero." . "But," persisted the man, h'oe says Mr Norman Lennox. Ho has observed you enter. He does make no iistake." " Then ask him his name," said Lennox savagely. The waiter returned with a bit of paste board. Norman took the card. As lie read it he turned pale. It was as thoagh he had seen a ghost. That night Norman returned to Eng. land, in company withhis visitor. The next evening, he presented himself Sat Cadogan House, Mr Carter, he learned, was from home, and Miss Carter was ill. Captain Leroy was there, and Norman had a long interview with him. At the close of the conversation, the Captain said - "'One other matter. Since you went away, Mr Carter has received a visit from San acquaintance of yours in Australia, a Dr Martin Shaw, who, I understand, has Smade some serious allegation against you, Sthe purport of which is not clear, but it seems evident that he desires to sell the information to Mr Carter. He is coming here again to-morrow morning." And Norman determined that he would I also be there b That night lie wrote again to Alice and .her father. To the latterhe merely said that he intended to be present when Dr e Shaw arrived. h The next morning Mr Carter, Captain tI Loroy, and Norman were seated in the library at Cadogan House, when Dr ' Shaw was announced. On entering the n room he was evidently disconcerted at d seeing Norman there. "You villain,' Norman burst out i- wrathfully. " You murderer," the doctor retorted, a contemptuously. it Captain Leroy touched the bell, and a . man walked in. f It was Leon Caron! d A malignant look of diabolic hatred , flashed across Shaw's face; the next ;e minute he had recovered his wonted self. possession, and taking up his hat and cane, he bowed mockingly, and left the room. To Mr Carter and Captain Leroy this was as so much pantomime, the full significance of which they did not, until later, comprehend. But when the outer door closed upon the departing schemer, Norman said "I have some important, though I fear, sad news for you, Mr Carter. It appears that my namesake, the Norman Lennox you supposed me to be, reached Australia about the time I left. He spent some months travelling about the colonies, un til on a certain occasion, he met with a serious, and as it proved a fatal accident. He died in the Toowoomba Hospital, and before his death, committed to this gentleman, who was himself in the hospital at the time, certain papers, which he desired should be personally conveyed to the firm of Carter and Carter. I met iMr Caron in Paris, and learned of this from him, and have hastened to bring him to you. Mr Carter took the packet of papers, and slowly examined them. His hands trembled, but when he laid them down, his voice had a distinct note of cheerful ness. "This has taken a great load off my mind," he said. Of the rest there is not much to be told. It appeared that when Dr. Shaw, in order to extract more money from Lennox, urged the latter to fly, he knew Caron was not dead, and speedily brought him round after Norman's departure. After events showed that Shaw was the cleverer gambler of the two, for he trans ferred all Caron's ill-got gains to his own pooket. There was a fashionable wedding at Cadogan House at Christmas, when Nor. man Lennox and Alice Carter were made man and wife. It was not until after the marriage that Norman learned what made his father-in law so anxious to search out the son of his old friend. Gordon Lennox, the banker, was practically the owner of the house of Carter and Carter, of the solvency of which Alice's father was so fond of insist ing. When Lennox died, he left the whole of his fortune, some fifty thousand pomlds, to the son whom he had scarcely seen. The money was held in trust, the trustee being Mr Carter. In order to prop up the declining fortunes of the firm, Mr Carter had used twenty-five thousand pounds of this trust, money, and it was fear of the discovery that made him so desperately anxious to find young Norman Lennox, and, if possible, to wed him to his daughter. To this end he had caused inquiries to be made, and had learned that the young man had been heard of in Melbourne, and later that he had sailed for England in the Chimborazo. By the death of the banker's son, the money re verted to the next-of-kin, Alice's hus band, and the legacy was a very satis factory Christmas-box. 