? THE PASSING OF KATE. Chapteb I. 11 So you are in first, Lil ? I think you might have begun to get tea. Get it now, will you ? And leave off staring ou«; of the window 1' 'I'm very sorry, Kate.' Lil moved from her leaning position against the window and went across the room to a cup board, whenca she began to take tea things. Her hands were trembling nervously and the cups clattered. ' Lil, what a n -ise you make,' her sister called from the inner room, ' Hurry up ! I want my tea ; and I should think you do, too.' Very quickly Lil moved backwards and for wards in the little room, setting out the table with the deft touch natural to some women, whether teacups and plates be china or no. The glow of the autumn sunret shone on her when ever she passed the window, and showed the cilor in her brown hair and gave a flush for a moment to her pale face. It also showed a happy excitement in her dark eyes They never shone, but they were soft and large, and in them Beemed to centre the pathetic lock which gave .Lil's prettiness character. The black dress she wore was old and shabby, but it fitted her tall graceful figure perfectly. Come Kate,' she called afc length. Her sister came in, and they sat down oppo site each other in Bilence which lasted several minutes 11 It's been close to- day in the shop,' Lil Baid, holding out her cup for Kite to fill. ? ' Close 1 I should just think it has been close 1 'Whenever is it anything else ? It drives me wild — yes it does, Lil; you needn't look at me so — tb look at the women who come into the shop and spend pounds and p'ounds on flowerB for their parties with never a thought, and then drive cf£ in their carriage aB if they never felt tired or worried for a penny in all their lives, ? And you and me waiting on them till we are too tired to call our souls our own. Don't you hate standing there and selling them what you've aB good a right as thev to buy and wsar 1 ' Rate paused for breath, and as she did so her eyes rested on her sister. ' Why, Lil,' she said hastily, ' you've got ? eome flowers yourself, and nice ones, too. Oat of the shop ? Left over ?' ' .? 'Out of the shop,' was all Lil answered, Kate looked at her curiously across the table ; but the light was too dim for even keen eyes to read Lil's face, She pushed her chair from the .table and rose. Lil followed her example, and the two sisters stood close together. The contrast between them, always perceptible enough, was almost Btarfling ; partly because Lil was in shadow, and the sunset light caught every line of Kate's little figure, and showed vividly against the darkness of the room her clear cut profile, and light harJ blue eyes, It was impossible to watch Kate's eyes for long together, their fascination waB ao strong and so chilling. They glistened so that they seemed to give out a light of their own, and they never 'altered. Whether she was grieved or happy, angry or pleased, the same glitter was always there. The fair hair, which was pil-sd in heavy masses on the top of her eniull head, seemed to intensify their light by its 6oft dull contrast of color. At this moment the light seemed HteraUy to dart out of them, and she seized Lii's arm, ' Lil,' she cried, ' what's that gold brooch by the flowers ? Where did you got it ? Why, ' ' L-.l, it's pearls in it ! Who gave it to you ?' But Lil ouly dragged her arm irom Kate's hand and wailspd to the window. 'Lil,' cried Kate peremptorily, ' Lil, toll me who it is' Lil answered at last bs though the words were forced f com her lips. 'I meant to tell you, Kate,' she said slowly. ' I did, indeed He wantB to marry mo.' ? ?To marry youl Who? How long did it take to make you believe all he said ?' ' It's true,' was all the answer Kate got. ?' But who said these truthful things ?' Kate's grasp was again laid on her siater'a sleeve. 'I don't see what right you have to .ask — ' Lil began. ' Right ! I've not lived with you and known all your lifiaira, have 1 ?' Lil gave a sudden shiver. Then Bbe went on in a low tone — ?? You've seen him often enough, Kate,' ehe Baid, ' He comes to the shop nenr'y every day for a button-hole, You spoke about him to Bertho French one dinner-time. You B&id; he was good-looking.' Kate dropped Lil's arm. Her whole figure struightcned and becune rigid ; her eyta glittered almost fiercely, bub there was no change in her voice. ? ?? Yo9, 1 knw,' tshe aaid. ' How do you come to know him ?' Lil hesitated. ' Well,' gIic said at length, 'you've nio&t; likely sui:n Uua lie comv.it iriost diiYB, flo came to my c,u.d of ih$ counter t»ucl I got to know what flowers he liked; And— well — he talked to me a little — and ? '' ' Go on,' said Kate, shortly. ' There's nothing more to say. It was always the same, till, last week, he stopped away f jr five days. I thought — he'd never said he was going out of town, and I thought ? ' Lil stopped abruptly, her face a deeper color than ever, Then in answer to Kate's impatient ' VVell ?:' she went on with a little choke in her voice — ''I thought he'd got tired of me. But next day he came back again, and he asked if I wonld let him speak to me hfter work. And I let him. And he told* me what 1 tell you. He Eaid, would I marry him ! Ho does love me, Kate.' ' When was that ?' asked Kate. ' On Wednesday ! Oh, he is bo good, and I'm so ? ' Lil broke of? the worda that had been said more to herself than to Kate, and turned to look for some kind of response Kate's face could not well wear a colder look that it had worn before, but it was very white. 'Have you told him?' she Baid; she was looking steadily into her sister's eyea, Lil started and shivered as she had shivered before. ' No,' she answered in alow trembling voice ' Lil, I shall tell him,' Kate said between her closely set teeth. 11 Oh, Kate 1 Kate 1 You won't, oh, you won't ? Kate ! Kate 1' With a sadden desperate movement Lil caught hold of her sister's hands, but they were cold and utterly irresponsive in touch or gesture, and she let them fall. ' Kate,' she cried again — her voice was almost wild with incredulous despair, and there was a strained honor in her eyes which seemed to have grown in some strange way out of the pathos which always shadowed her gentle face— Kate, you don't mean it ? I love him so ! And he lovss me — I know he does, Haven't I suffered enough ? Don't you know what my life has been to me— every hour of it — siDce ? Oh, Kate, Kate, Bay you don't mean it !' Lil flung herself on her sister's shoulder with a force which must have shaken the tiny figure if Kate had not been standing like a rock. ' I do mean it,' was all Bhe aaid, Fcr one moment Lil faced her. '?? You shan'c — you daren't,' she began de fiantly ; then she broke - if suddenly and sank down on a chair, crying bitterly. ' Oh, Kate, have pity ! Have pity ! Think what you're saying I Oh, and I was so happy ?' The contrast between the childish pathos of the last words and the sobs, which were the terrible exhausting sobs rf a woman, was touch ing beyond words, but Kate neither moved nor spoke. Her eyea were steadily fixed on the now darkening Eky. Lil had sobbed herself into quiet before Kate looked down on her and said icily — 11 Go to bed, Lil I I'm Eure yon're not fit for anything els'-, Where's that dress body you were going to finish for me ?' ', I don't know,' Lil said, brokenly. 'I'll do it to-morrow — any time 1 Only tell me you don't mean to spoil my life,' ' Spoil your life,' her sister said contemp. tnously. Then, in a low biting tone, she added, ' You've done that yourself 1' Lil turned without another word, and went into the room where they slept together. She flung herself down on the bed without undress ing ; at last heavy sleep brought unconscious' ness. Kate lit a lamp and drew a chair to the table. She had in her lap a dress, balf-flnished ; bnt she did not seem anxious t© get her work done, She laid her arm upon the table and graBped the edge until it hart her hand. Seen him often enough 1 Seen Frank Cardi gan ! Every day on which he had come into the bhop she had seen him ! Every instant he had spent there had been known to her, even though her work of keenine the books was at the other end of the shop I He had hardly ever bo much as glanced at her, but when he left the light seemed to leave too ? Kate waB putting this into words to herself as she sat alone to night. She was going back in memory to the day when she had first Been Frank Cardigan, some months ago. She was facing the fact that from that day— when he had come up to her desk to make arrangements for the special delivery of some flowers— she, proud, hard Kate ?\yilliamo, had thought of this man who had in cictently spoken a casual word to her, who was barely aware of her existence, aB she had never before thought of any man in her twenty.five hard-working yearc. From that day she had determined that somehow, in some way, womanly or unwomanly, she would make Frank Cardigan know her ; make him admire her j make him love her I Now she had heaid that he knew, admired, and loved — Lil, ' She shall never have him ! Never ! Never I1' she said in a low, concentrated voice. Catching up her work she sewed furiously for a moment, Then Bhe flung it away, fixing her eyea on the cloudy sky. She was thinking in tently, relentlessly. Thinkine how best to tell Mr. Cardigan what she meant him to know. Bbe thought it all over find over again. She had been, she remembered— and she laughed a low, mockirjg laugh — very sorry for Lil when it happened ISbe had been soyounj; — so easily deceived I Now— now was Lil to be pitied or was she to be envied ? Envied ? No I For sha should never marry Mr. Cardigan, He should be told I Kate was startled by the clock striking 12, and woke up to a sense of bodily fatigue and chill. She put out the lamp, and going into the next room undressed by the moonlight and laid down by Lilian, But not lo Bleep — to look at the pretty tear-stained face, cleuch h«c hands and think. Chapteb II. On the following evening directly she was free Lil took her awiiy from the Regcut-atrcet flower Bhop in which thi o\stera v;orkt;d to to tho corner of a side street, where a tall young mac waB (Handing evidently waiciuug eagerly lor her, ' My darling,' te said in a low voice, us Lil reached him ; and iie held closely for a moment the pretty hand which, though it belonged uoly , to iiij. was us voL Khnpsd ;i» any wmoau'o csuld ' bo, Tlaea they turned, into Piccadilly, The day had been very damp. A thick mist was rising, and the Park, through which lay the a hortest way to the little street in Bayswater where Lil lived, seemed made up of dripping ?rces, damp gravel, and wreaths of mist. But the two who were walking through it together were beyond such influences, Frank Cardigan had slipped Lil's uareaiBting hand through his arm ; and LU wanted nothing but to walk be side him, thus, all her life, to feel that firm pre sence which was to. her yielding personality just what his stroDg arm was at that moment to her physical weariness. As for Frank Cardigan be loved Lilian Wil liams with all tin strength of a straightforward nature. He had wondered greatly at himself at first Only gradually he had realised that the best part of the day was gone for him when Lil's fingers had made and handed him a buttonhole he always wore. Only gradually he realised that it waa Lil herself who had made the day dark or bright to him ; that it was Lil herself and her love that he wanted. And the knowledge had come upon him almost as a Bhock. There was many a giil in his own Bmart well-born set that would have returned his love bad he given it to her. But he cared for none of them, He cared for a girl withont a penny ; a work girl who lived in two shabby rooms in a squalid Bayswater street ; cared for her in such manly, honest fashion that all the barriers between them melted for him, and he knew that here was the only woman in the world that he would make his wife. ' Lilian,' he said very gently, ' are you tired ?' Lil bad become very Bilent as they walked, and she was clinging tightly to his arm. ' Yes,' she answered in a low tremulous voice. And then with a little cry—' Oh, Kate,' she said. ' Kate ! Your sister isn't here, LiliaD.' 'No — yes! I thought I eaw her face in the fog !' and Lil put both hands on his arm and shuddered. ' Come, are you overtired,' he said, tenderly, ' And if she were here what would it matter ?' He started himself, though, for the next memert Kate Williams appeared at his side as though she had cmne out of the air. ' Good evening,' she said to him, coldly and stiffly. Then she ea:d abruptly, ' Lil, I'm going on home. Mind I' She was out of eight in a moment between the misty trees ; but the tone of her voice made Frank Cardigan Bay curiously — ' What does your sister mean, Lil ?' ' Oh, nothing 1 I'm not to be long,' returned Lil, hurriedly. She n as trembling from head to foot. livery moment of that walk Lil remembered through her life, Kate's eyes seemed to look at her frcm out the mist ; Kate's voice seemed to come between her and Frank Cardigan's tender words ; the ghost from the paBt which Kate had raised dogged every step and Beemed to threaten instant by instant to form, and part for ever from the love that was becoming as life itself to her. Even when Frank Cardigan had left her standing on his own doorstep she dared not go in. If Kste shou'd find him alone and tell him ? She waited, shivering and white, until the rain to which the mist had turned bad drenched ber through, and then she crept op to their room to find Kate there before her. For to- night she was safe ! They bad tea together and spent the rest of the evening in almoBt unbroken silence. Kate was in bed, and Lil, standing by her side, thought she was asleep, she lay bo still, when she said, suddenly— 'To-morrow I shall see him and tell him, Lil, To-morrow 1' Lil turned Bick and cold, but she could not take her gaze from her sister's glittering eyes, which looked harder and brighter than ever, as her hair lay all round her on the pillow. She caught at the head of the bedstead for support, and then Kate's face faced away. Lil fell heavily, and knew no more until she found her self lyirg in bod, with her sister apparently asleep beside her. The next night Lil ran home alone through back streets Another walk with Frank Cardi gan she conld not bear. It would be the last, and she should know it all t\ e time. She throw herself on the bed, and sobbed and gasped for breath. Kate might be telling him now 1 Suddenly she stood up. There were footsteps in the next room ; not Kate's. 8he went in, all dishevelled as Bhe waa, and saw Frank Cardigan. 'Forgive me, Lil,' he said, quickly, 'you never came to night, and I was anxious, I couldn't help coming— Lil, how white you are 1 What ia it ?' He held out his bauds, and Lil came closer and laid her head on hir shoulder. If it would only be for n moment she told herself Kate would come directly and it would be all over . But for the moment hia love waB hers, and she clung to him half convulsively. She did not answer his question. Kate was coming, coming. Lil bad caught the sound of her steps upon the stairs. Tney carae on slowly, relentlessly. Would they never reach the top 1 Lil's arms tightened round Frank Cardigan and ehe did not move them when at last Kate opened the door. As Kate'B eyes fell upon the two who thua awaited her she started sharply ; and a little parcel she was carrying was crushed in her olenchod hand. Then Bhe shut the door and came a little further into the room. 'Mr. Cardigan,' ehe began slowly. Then, suddenly, she leaned heavily hack against the wall. Till the end of his life, when he thought of ber, Frank Cardigan could see that white paasion-drawa faca outlined against its dingy background. ' I wanted to spenk to yoa,' Bho went on. ' It's only right you should—— ' But Kate's cutting tones were interrupted. Lil had snatched her arm from about Frank Cardigan and puBhed him hastily from her. Branding upright, tall and straight, she turned to her sister, ' No, Kate,' sho said, ia a low choked voice. ' You shan't tell him 1 I'll do it myself, Mr. Cardigan, listen. I ought to have told you before. I ought never to have said — I ought never to have let you thiuk — But oh, I couldn't, I couldn't ' iShf) Btoppad aB though remorseless fingers !}&(i strangled the words in Uec throat ; bat afl he moved, aa if to speak, she went on hurriedly, ? '', almost sharply — - 11 I'm not— good! I'm not—what yon think me I I've paid for it, bitterly — bitterly; but it's never been so bitter as thiel Oh, why can't I die? Why can't I die ?' Lil voice rose to a wail. She had drawn a few steps backward and hidden her face in her hands. Kate' had not moved, but the paper of her parcel lay in tiny pieces on the floor, Frank Cardigan looked from one woman to the other; from Lil'a bowed head to KiWa glittering eyea. ' What do you mean ?' he said at last. Hia voice sounded strained. 'Lil — what do you mean ?' It waa Kate who answered him, with a cold ring of unmistakable triumph in her voice. ' I'll tell you, she Baid, ' I always meant to tell you 1' But he turned from her with a gesture that silenced her, even at that moment. ' Lil,' he said, ' Lil !' Lil lifted her tear-stained face at his voice and answered the agonised question she read in his eyea. 'I'm not fit to be your wife, Mr Cardfgan,' she said, ' I'm not flt to be any good mao'i wife I Oh, I was such a child 1 Such a child I I wasn't 17, and I was all alone 1' She sank down on a chair, and tried to hide her face on her arm. There was dead silence, Lil's cboking breath was the only sound in the room. Frank Cardi gan had turned away with an inarticulate sound the agony of which Lil never forgot. He stood now motionless, his head bent as though by a heavy blow. Kate stood motionless, too ; her glittering eyes were fixed on him. At last and very slowly the man's bowed head was lifted, Frank Cardigan raised both his hands to hia temples and paused ; his face was drawn and ghastly, and his eyes gozad straight before him likes the eyes of a man who confronts and accepts that which be would give his life to obliterate. He turned and looked at Lil, and hi-a white lipB twitched. Then he crossed to where ehe sat crouched down on her chair, Kate's eyes fished with intense eagerness, Once, twice, he tried to speak — in vain. Then his voice made itself audible in the dead still* ness, low and hoarse, 'Lil,' he said, 'thank God yoa told ma, dear.' From Kate's glittering eyea the eagerness faded with lightning-like rapidity. She caught at the door handle by which she stood. Over Lil's eob-stricken form a sudden incredulous stillness stole ; her face was preseed more closely down on her, something of the anguiBh iu bis eyes seemed to be met ajjd dominated by an un'peakable tenderness 'I love you Lil,' he said. ' If my life could wipe out what you've Baid I'd give it williog'y, That can't be 1 But I c&n; a-k you to forget.' He paused, and with a sharp breathless move* ment Lil lifted her head. ' Forget,' she said, ' forget ? When stall I ever forget ?' Her trembling hands were wringing them selves convulsively together, and he laid a strong and gentle touch upon them and drew her into his arms. ' ' ' When you are my wife,' he said. Unseen by either of them, Kate unfastened the door and slipped out Outside on the small landing, she stopped an instant covering her face with her hands. Mechanically, her face still thus hidden, Bhe went downstairs and out of the house ; and only when she found herself out; in the dark cloudy evening did she uncover those glittering eyes. They were strangely fixed in an awful relentless glare of hate. There is no air anywhere, she said to herself, yet something blew her hair. Why could she not breathe ? She seemed to be closed in all round by walls which no hand conld move, to whose top no sight could reach. Again Bhe gasped for breath. She was wandering along, aimlessly and un consciously, through streets she did not know. Everything was over, s*ie was saying to herself again and again. Everything was gon« 1 Lil was beyond her power to touch. And Frank Car digan was lost to her for ever. He could have had — Kate's eyes gleamed with hate as they had never gleamed yet --he could have had love! What had be got, what was all Lil could give - him, compared with what Bhe herself could have given him ? She was growing faint and giddy, and ebe caught at a lamp-post for support. She had walk°d a long way. Afterwrds they said sho must have wandered for at least two hours. The air was full of voices. From every side sbe seemed to hear the words ' My wife I My wife 1 When you are my wife !' There waB wind enough nmr. It was cold, and Kate shuddered. Suddenly something dished. She bad strayed on to one of the bridges, and it was a lamp on the river. She looked down into the dark water, and her brain Beamed to grow suddenly clear. There was no one to Bay what happened. There was no one to say how Kate's body came to the place where, with the blue oyeB still open and still starinor, it was found floating on tha - . sullen tide. But the eyes had been closed gently by strange bands before Lil, awed and. weeping, stood beside her sister ; and the faca itself, inscrutable in its solemn stillness, bore no t--ace that any human vision might detect, of that jealousy, cruel as the grave indeed, which had carried Kato to her death. Mrs. Sharptonguo— -%D'ye mean t' say you've been married ton year?, an' never had a quarrel with y'r husband ?' Fair Stranger—' That is true, madam.' 'And ye always let him have the lost word V 'Yea, madam; I wouldn't for the world do anything to lessen my husband's love for mo, He might get careless.' 'Careless?' 11 Yep. We aro jugglers by profession, and afc two performances every day I stand against a board while he throws the knives.' Alice— ' Oh, dear, it is so awfully hot, I know I look jnst like a boiled lobster, don't I ? ' Mabel—' Yes,' Alioc— ?' Yoi» horrid mqnu q\A thing.' ' - ?' ' ? ?? J 