POINTS; [By Needle.] A Very Fine line !— The propo sed railway From South Australia to W. A.; But Sir John will not be on that line. He wants to keep tho goldfields trade in this colony. The streets of Perth are in a terrible mud-d!e. The Jubilee ode.— Lieutenant Cojonel J. C. Hoad, now in England. A dairyman asks if I can tell him' the best article on milk. Certainly — cream. Marshall Hall has written aV'Hymn to Sydney'— what price, 'Him to Melbourne ?' : '.; A man never realises that he; is afoo^ until it is too late to realise, his own realisation. '''''?'?-.. It does not matter how high the price of bread is in Perth, it is' always pro curable at a loafigure. The Musical Marshall Hall, of Mel bourne, is giving the holy state of matrimony 'rats.' ? A Melbourne man has committed suicide because he ' couldn't get work in Western Australia.' ^ A searcher after truthwants to know 'why it is, with so many negroes dying, nobody ever saw a black ghost ? ' One Coolgardie brewery clearing .£1,000 a month, and still? we are told that no man is a profit in his own coun try. Percival Ball's Sir Francis Ormond statue, finished in 1892, has only just been unveiled. ' After the Ball '- tho deluge. Some Westralian boarding house keepers are so greedy and grasping that they expect 12 eggs to hatch out 13 chicks. Melbourne Working Men's College prize for elocution has been carried off byvAh Katt. H'm! Purr-pussOy, I presume. Edison, the inventor, is trying to do without sleep. He'd have no difficulty, whatever if he'd come along arid put in a few nights at the boarding-houses of Perth. ? 'The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.' . A witness in a New South Wales police court, recently asked, where his wife was, replied, ' My wife is dead at present.' Major Melbourne Evening Herald Reay, commanded the colonial troops at Mr. Gun Maxim's entertainment. Little Reay was always ' good at maxims. Hip ! hip ! a reay ! She (reading a newspaner): 'Isn't .this terrible! . oCO.COO.OOO* birds .were slaughtered last year to furnish feathers for women's hats?' He: 'Yes, most of them were in front of me at the theatre last night.' London declines Victoria's butter' which is now returning to Symeland. By the way, Victoria, through this move, will now have to pay duty1- on its own butter, which, to put it mildly 13 a little (l)ard. . . . ?. Victoria's Premier, Turner, the- new Knight, now iu London, is reported to be getting thin. ? - '.The shades of knight are falling fast/' Ihe Jubilee too good to last; And now where once was all so nice' See banners with the strange device, A sell, sir ! ?A man yesterday thought to be of unsound mind. He. w:is found by the police rolling in the nrud-.our mud Perth's mud. H'm ! Proof positive, I take it, of .the poor fellow's hopeless in sanity. . ?'.'?..' Latest advertising dodge :— Butler attempted suicide a.tDarliiighurst by try ing to cut his' throat' with — tobacco tp -*. One would scarcely think that Butler7* patronage of this special brand of tobacco would increase its sale. ? Perth Liedertafel meeting at an hotel for rehearsals : : . . ? . Andhere 'tis they all air their throats, Music out on the moonlight it floats, 1 or hotels can't be beaten, To hold a big meatin' ''' Of music, with 'bars' and with 'notes.' Some of the Australians now in London have met with a warm recep tion visiting the Bank of England That is,they have been shown round the great institution by Mr. J. P. Crime one of the directors— Currie. Notice it' Currie ? ' 1 ho Victorian is rapidly developing the same weakness as his American cousin for processions. All trades and tnendly societies break out on every opportunity, whilst the ordinary Brit isher as a rule only indulges in one, and that when he makes his exit from this troublous existence. Alexander Sutherland, of Melbourne, poses as a lecturer on humor Ye gods !— Alexander is about the uri funniestman in the Marvellous -a man without one solitary spark of humor Still, it is exceedingly humorous that the sombre Sutherland should select such a subject. - ? . . According to a Sydney paper Perth grave-diggers are working day and night, creating vacancies to bo filled by the victims of tho typhoid fever epidemic now raging in the city of dreadful smells. Tho tide of emiora tiou has to be checked somehow and ' as truth will not effect this, fiction has to be pressed into the service. A story is going the rounds of Perth', about a gentleman who, findino- a smoking concert wearisome, left early ? and finished the evening at one of our places of amusement. He safe near the door, and as it wus chilly kept on his overcoat. A lady, in passing, by accident dropped an earring of no great value, but the trinket dropped into the open top pocket of the gentleman's overcoat. The guileless man went homo to Subiaco, when the wife, always carefully inclired.turued out his coat pockets.— Tableau. A Sydney reporter went aboard the Adelaide Co's new steamer Allinga the other day, and the provedore, on . beiho interviewed, observed:—' To' premise', I would like to say that when we were at Fremantle we went up ' the Swan River, drawing 16ft.. full loaded with general goods from London, and I tell you it was a gala day there. Why, we had the Governor and Judges down, and everybody that is anybody in that part of the country aboard.' Now that provedore will get on in the world, he doesn't believe in doing things by halves. . ? . 