A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. BY MJRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. "Author of '"Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor . lfe," "Baronet's Brfde," Etc. SCHAPTER I -KATHERINE. The large, loud-voiced clock over-the stables struck 'i, and announced to all .hom it might concern that the break "fast hour of Si? John Dangerfield, Baro net, of Searswood Park, Sussex. had ar . _ ?d. W. ithin and without the great house \- -?'as ,ery still; a'breakfast table, spark SlIng-:with' crystal, :rich with rough old silver, gay with' tall glasses of Septem-; -bhr roses, and snowy with napery,stobd Sready and waiting In a spacious room. SThrough the open windows the sweet-; ''stented morning bind blew; and far off :Ydu'caught iiW the summier stillness the soft waslih ofthe waves on the yellow s ands, more than a mile away. sAt-- the last chimbe of the loud-voiced clock the door opened, and Sir John "Dangerfield came into the roomn. Tie -baronet glanced impatiently around in search of something or somebody else.; "Not downyet," he said: "That's not -like Katherine: She'is not used to dis 'sipation, and I suppose last night's con cert has made her lazy this morning. Thomas"-to the footman, appearing tke a tall plush spectre in the dooroway -"tell Miss Katherine's maid that I am -waiting breakfast. Has the 'Times' ar rived?" "Yes, Sir John." Thomas presented the folded Thun _deler to his master and vanished. * Sir John Dangerfield flung himself in to an easy chair. He was a tall. portly gentleman, this Sussex baronet, with a handsome, florid face, and all uprlight, military bearing. For three months only he had reigned master of Scars wood; three lives had stood between him and the baronetcy, and, a Colonel in the Honorable East India Company's Service, he had. four months before tllis sunny September morning, about as much idea of lording it in Scarswood -all as he ever had of sitting on the throne of ]England. Suddenly. and as if a fatality were at work, these three lives had been removed, and Colonel Danger field, of the II.E.I.C.S., becane Sir John Dangerfleld. of Scarswod Park, and. 'lith his daughter and heiress. came Iack to England for the first tile in fifteen years. lie was a widower, and Miss Dangerfield, his daughter, his heiress, his Idol. had been horn in Eng land, and was two years old llhen her father had last gone out o India. and grown up to be nearly seventeen. biefore she had ever set foot upon English sill again. He unfolded Ills paper, but he did not read. "A fair prospect," lie said-'"a prilcely inheritance ! Aind to think tllal four months ago I was grilling alive in Cal cutta, with no earthly hope but that of retiring one day fronl tie company's service with chronic li-ver complaint. and a coloners half pay. For myself iti woud not matter; but for KIatllerine!" His face changed suddenly. "'If I could only be certain she were dead. If I only could be certain tllhat my secret w\as bu rled with tier! It never mattered before -uwe were out of her reach: lint since my accession to Scarswood, since lily re turn to England, that wretch's tmemory has haunted me like an evil spirit. Only last night I dreamed of her--dreamed I saw her evil black eyes gleaming upon me in this room. Faugh!" bird: tile quick patter, patter, patter of little female feet down stairs-the last three cleared witlh a jump; and then the door of the breakfast room was flung -wide, and the heiress of Scarswood Park flashed into the room. Flashed-I use tile word advisedly- flashed in like a burst of sunshine-lil:e a hill-side breeze-and stood before her father in fluttering white muslin, pink ribbons waving, ibrown hair flying, grey eyes dancing, and lier fresh, sweet voice ringing through tile room. "Good morning, papa!" Miss Danger field cried, panting, and out of breath. "Is breakfast ready? I'm perfectly faml ished, and would have starved to death In bed if Ninon had not come and routed me out. And how is your appetite, pa pa?-and I hope I have not kept you ,waiting too long-and, oh, wasn't the concert perfectly de-licious last llighlt?" \- And then two white arms went impe tuously round the neck of tile Indian of ficer, and two fresh, rosy lips gave himn a kiss that exploded like a torpedo. Sir John disengaged himself laughing ly from this impulsive embrace. "Gently, gently, Kathlie: don't quite garrote me with those long arms of yours. Stand off, and let me see hiow you look after last nigtht's dissipation. A perfect wreck, I'll be bound." "Dlssipation! A perfect wreek! Oh, papa, it was heavenly-Just that! I shall never forget that tenor singer who sang Fortunio's song. you know, papa, with Iris splendid eyes, and the face of a Greek god. And Ills name Gaston Dantree--beautiful as himself. Don't talk to me of dissipation and a wreck; I mean to go agaii to-night,. ntd to-morrow night, and all tile to morrow nigilts n;hile those concerts are given by tile Talbots." She stood before him gesticulating rapidly, with the golden morning .light pouring full on her face. And Miss KIathierine Dangerfleld, helr Ess and heroine, was beautiful you say. as an heiress'and heroine should be? I amn sorry to say No..The young ladies of the neighborhood, otherivise English misses with pink and white complexions and perfect manners, would have told you Katherine Dangerfield was lanky and ov-ergrown, had sunburnt Iands ad complexion, too small a nose. and too large a mInoutll and chin. Would have told you her forehead was low. her complexion sallow, and her manners perfectly horrible, She was boisterous, she was a sholden, and said whatever came-uppermost in her mind. was ut terlysspolled ily a doting father, and Ilad the temper of a very termagant. They would probably have forgotten to men ton.,those young ladies, that the sallow complexi0n was lighted biy a pair of the lovellostdark-grey eyes, thiat fle tall, rsupple- f~lre of the girl of seventeen gaveJpre prtimise of stately and majes tic -?ot~anhlood, that the ever ready " nileCwhich parted the rosy lipls, dls layed atset of teeth flashling like Jewels. "Well, papa, anlid how do I look? Not v?rymuch uglier than usual, I hope. Oh, papa," the girl suddenly cried, clasping her hands, "why. why, why wasni't I born handsome? I adore beauty-plc tures,,musle, sunshine, flowers, and handsome men! . I hate women-I hate girls, vain, malicious magples- spiteful and spiritless. Why don't I look like you, you handsome, splendid old soldier! Why was I born with a yellow skin, an angular figure, and more arms and hands thar I ever know what to do with? Whom do I take after to be so ugly, papa? Not after you, that's clear. Then It must be after mamma." Sir John, in his sunny window-seat, had been listening with an .indulgent smile. folding his crackling paper. The crackling suddenly ceased at his daugh ter's last words, .the smile died wholly away. ,"Say, papa," Katherine cried, Im lpatiently, "do I look : like mamma? I never saw her, you know, nor her pie ture nor anything. If I do, you couldn't have been over and above particular dur Ing the period of loVe's young dream. Do inherit my tan'ny complexion, and square chln and snub nose, and low fore head from the late Mrs Colonel Danger field?" Her father laid down his paper and arose. , "Come to breakfast. IKatherlne." he flid. more coldly than he had ever fipoken to her before in his life. "and be I? . ?t 6 ,~ lj id inough to drop the subject. Your flippanit mlsaner of speaking of-:of your mothff-.1is Positively shocking, I am afraid it. Is true what they say of you here-Indian nurses-the lack of a mother's care - and my indulgence, have spoiled You."' "Very well, papa: then the fault Is yours, and You . shouldn't blame me. The what's-his-name cannot change his spots, and I;can't change my irreverent nature any more than I can my looks. But, really aand truly; papa, do I look like mamma?': "No-yes-I 'don't know." "'No--yes--Idon't know.' Intelligible, perhaps, but not at all satisfactor'. When I am left'a widow, I hope'I.shall remember how the dear departed part ner of my eyistence looked, even after thirteen yea.iHa-e you no portrait of mamma, then?" "No! .In'heaven's name, Katherine, eat your brealfast .and let me eat thine!" "I an eating mybreakfast'.' responded his daughters testily. "Tsuppose'a per son cal thlikand peat'-at the hmle tinm's Haven't you rather got a pain in your temper thtls ainiprnlng.' papa? :And I must say I. think it a little too hard that I can't be'told 'who I take my ugliness from." Sir John again lail down his paper with a resigned sigh. He knew of old how useless it was to try and stem the torrent of his daughter's eloquence. "What nonsense you talk, my ilear!" ihe said.. "You're not ugly. You don't want your father to pay you compli, ments, do you,.Katherine? I'thought your cousin Peter paid you enough last night to satisfy even your 'vanity for a monthl." Katherine shook lier" head impatiently until all its red-brown tresses flashed again. "Peter Dangerfield - wretched little bore! Yes, he paid tme compliments, with hils hideous little wizen face close to my ear. and.I told him, for goodness sake, to hold his tongue. and not drive me frantic with his idiotic remarks. He let me alone after that, and sulked. I tell you what It is, papa-if something Is not done to prevent him, that little grinning imbecile will be asking me to marry him one of these days-mark nly words." "Very well-suppose he does?" The baronet leaned back in his chair, and raised iris paper nervously before his face. ""Supplose he does, IKathie - what then?" "What then!" The` young lady could but just repeat the words in her amaze and indignation. "'What then! Sir John Dangertleld-do you mean to Insult ime, sir? Put down that paper this in slant: and look the person you're talk ing to full in the face, and repeat, 'what then.' if you dare!" "W 'ell, Kathle," the baronet said, still fidgeting with his paper screen, and not looking his excited little commanding officer in the face, "Peter's not hand some, I know. nor dashing,. but he's a clever little fellow, and my neplthew, and in love with you, and will make you a much better husband, my dear, than a much Ibetter-looking man. HIandsome men are always vain as peacocks, and so deeply In love with themselves that they never have room in their conceited hearts and empty heads to love any one else. Don't be romantic, my dear-you'll not find heroes anywhere now except in novels. Peter's a clever little fellow, as I said. and over head and ears in love with you." "A clever little fellow! A clever little fellow!" repeated Miss Dangerflehl. with intense, concentrated scorn. "Papal,." with dignity, "a few minutes ago you told me to change the subject. I make the same remark:now. I wouldn't marry your clever little fellow not to save my own head from the gallows or his soul from perdition. Sir John. I consider myself di*tbly Insulted this morning! I don't weoid you .slt there excruelatling paper,' ??shamed to look me in the face.'-:'I btink"you have reason to hbe ashamed! Telllng your only child and heiress slihe couldn't do better than throw herself-away on a pitiful little country lawyer, only five feet high, and with the countena'nce of a rat. If it were that adorable Gaston Dantree. now! Oh, here's the post. Papa, papa! give me the key." 'Miss Dangerfield, forgetting In a second the late outrage.offered her by her cruel parent, seized the key. unlocked the bag, and plunged in after its contents. "One-two-three-four ! Two for me from India-one for you front ditto. Its lajl oTrevanlorlis big slap- dash. and this--. Wihy, papa. what lady corree pondent can you have In Paris? What an elegfint Italia.n hand! What thlick yellow perfumed paper., and what 'a sentimental seal and motto! BTlue wax and 'Pensez a mol.' Now. papa. who can this be from?" Shite threw the letter across tie table. With her first words the face of the Indian officer had changed-a haunted look of absolute terror had come into his face, His hand tightened over the papler, his eyes fixed themselves upon the dainty missive his daughter held before them. his florid, healthful color faded-a dull gleylsh whiteness crept over his face from brow to chin. "Papa!" Katherine cried, "you're ill: you're going to have a fit! Don't tell me! Can't I see it?' Drink this-drink it this moment,'and come round." She held a glass of water to his lips. lIe obeyed meehanically, and the color that had faded and fled slowly crept back to his bearded, sun - browned "There!" said Miss Dangerfield, in a satisfied tone. "'50u have come- round ! And now tell me, was it a fit, or was it the letter? Tell me thei truth,. sir: don't pretaricate." "It was one of my old attacks, Katlie, nothing more. You ougtt to be used to them ba this timne. Nothing more, I give you my ierd. Go back to your break fast, child." he said, testily, "and don't stand staring there in that uncomfort ale way." "JMy opinion lis. papa." responded Miss Dangerfield, with gravity, "that you're in a bad way, and should turn your at tention immediately from' the roast beef of old England to water gruel and weak tea. A fine oldEnglish gentleman of your time of day. who has left-his liver tbehind him in India, and who has the Sepoy bullet lodged for life in hIis left lung, and a strong tendency to apoplexy besides, ought to mind what he eats and drinks, and- le on very friendly ierms with the nearestclergyman. Aren't you going to read that letter, papa,. and tell me who the Woman is who has the pre sumption to write to you witthout my kItnowledge? Now where are you golng?'" For Sir Joln had risen hastily..hls..let tero in his hand. "To my study, Kathie. Finish your breakfast, darling, and don't mind me." He stooped down suddenly, and kissed her with almbst passionate tenderness. "My darlintG! my darling ! " he said. " Heaven bless and keep you always, whatever Iteppens - whatever hap pens." • \- Herepeated the last words with a sort of angulish In his voice, -then turned and walked out of the breakfast room before his very much amazed daughter could speak. "Well h" exclaiamed Miss Dangerfield at last, "this does cap the universe; doesn't it?" This question, being ad dressed to vacancy, received no reply. "There's a m5ateTry here, and I dont't like mysterief out of sensation novels. I have no secrets from papa--what business has ispa to have secretsffrom She arose with an injured air, gave the bell a vicious pull,-and walked lin offended dignlt back to her room. The broad, black, tlippery, oaken staircase went up in mplestlc sweeps to ,the re gions above. Mtis Dangerfleld ascended it slowly, and lith a face of perplexed thought. "It was neeer an attack--don't tell me- it 'was that nasty, vicious, spidery written little letter! Nowe. what woman wrote I that letter, and what business had sht to writelit? I shall in slast upon pati'lving 1me a full expla nation at dinner time. No woman in Paris or any lier wicked city shall badger my precious old soldier in'ian early grave. And meantime I shall have a gallop on Ilderim over the golden Sussex downs." She entered her room singing the song the handsome tenor had sung at the concert the night before, the melody of whose silver voice, the dusky fire of whose eyes, the dark foreign beauty of whose face, had haunted her romantic seveinteen-year-old mind ever since.-: "Rispondia a chi t' implori Rispondia a.cara a me!" "How.-.?tAndsonie he wvas-how hand som--howv handsome! If ever I marry, it shall be .man-l a demi-god like that. Peter Dangerfield, indeed! Nasty little bore! Still. I would rather have him in love with me thin have no one at all. 'I wonder if it is I. myself .he loves. or Scarswood Park,.. and the heiress of eight thousand a year. Ninon, my green riding ,habit., and- .tell them to fetch .. ldefin- bround... And, oh. Ninesn my . child.,. tell that tiresoihe groom I don't want hint perambulating behind nne, like an apo pleCtic shadow. Ildeorinradd I can take care of ourselves.', - "But; mademoisellei ter John's or ders-" . "Ninon "Duclos. will you do as I order you? .' I won't have fle igroom-there! I'm always shocking the resident gentry of this-neighborhood, and I'mean to go on shocking them. I feel as if I had a spy at-my heels while that beef-eating groom is there. Help me on with my habit, and say no more about it.' Little Ninon knew a good deal better than to dispute Miss Dangerfield's mood when .Miss Dangerfield spoke in that tone. 3Miss Dangerfneld had boxed her ears before now. and swas very capable of doing it again. Perhaps, on the whole. smart little Ninon rather llked having her ears impetuously slapped by her impulsive young mistress, and the tingling cured, as it invariably was, by the'present.of Miss Katherine's second best silk dress half an hour after. Looking very bright and dashing, if not in the least pretty, the heiress of Scarswood Park ran lightly down the slippery stairs, out of the cvast vaulted hall. where statues gleamed and suits of mail worn by dead-anti-gone Danger fields centuries before. flashed sack the sunshine. Her dark-graen riding habit fitted her. as Katherine herselifsaid, "as though she had been born in it." the waving brightness of her brown hair was twined in thick plaits round her graceful head. and her hat. with Its scarlet bird's wing, perched ever so little on one side, set off the piquant face beneatht-a tllortoughly IEnglishll face. despite the golden hue of a tropic suitn. "I beg your parding. miss." Roberts the butler said. stepping forward. He was a dignified. elderly, clerical-looking personage, like an archbishop in silk stocklings and knee breeches: "bulit if you will hexcuse the remark. mi's. I thinks as 'ow we're going to 'ave a storm. There's that closeness itn lth hair. miss, and that tllalpitearance in the hatmosphere that alwaya precedes a thunderstorm. If I might make :o bold, miss. I should hadvise you not to "tay outa: more than all lour, at the furthest." "Good gracious. Roberts. what non sense! There's not a cloud in the sky. Oh. well. that's one! Why, It's no bigger than my hand. I'm going to Castleford. and I donl't Ielieve 111 your tlunder storms.c "You'll catch it. though. for all that. my young lady." soliloquised Mr iRoberts I-,)kling after the slogirt girlish figure as It dashed out of sight down the elm ave nue. inounted onl a spirited black horse. "Great storms 'ave come from clouds no bigger than a man's ' and before now. Put you're a young persinlg who won't be hadvrised, and you'll come to grief one of these days through 'aving too much of your own way, as sure as my name's Roberts." And then Mr IRoberts philosophically went back to the "Castlefotrd Chru nicle." and never d:reamed that he had uttered a prophecy. lMiss Dangerlneld dashled away over the breezy Sussex downs-gold-green in the September sunshine. But the bril liance of that sunlight grew dim and dimmer with every passing moment,and looking up presently she saw that her .;qloud no tigger than, a man's, hand' had spread and darltenedsand was fast glooming over the whole sky. Old RIo berts had been right, then, after all: and unless she stayed at Castleford or turned back at once, she was in for a drenching. "I won't turn back, and won't stop at Castleford," the baronet's daughter said, setting her white teeth. "I'll get my books and I'll go home, and Ilderim and I shall outstrip tihe lightning, after all." She dashed into the town. Castlefotrd was a military depot, and knots of red coated officers, grouped here and there, lowered their crests and gazed after her with admiring eyes as she flew by. "Plucky girl, that." said Captaln 'ere de V'ere to his friend. Capltain Howard. "Gad! how squarely site sits her saddle. And what a waltzer site Is-as graceful as a Paisienne ballerina, and as springy. Comfortable thing there waiting for some lucky beggar-clear eight thot sand a year. Not a handsome girl. I admiit but what would you ? Doosidly clever, too. and that's a drawback. I hate your clever womene-put a fellow out of countenance, by Jove! Shouldn't know anything, women shouldn't. be yond the three great feminine arts dancing. dressing. and looking pretty." W'ith which terse summary of women's duties, the honorable Plantagenet Yere de Vere lighted his huge Manllla. and sauntered away. "She seemed uncom monly street oni that foreigner, that Creole fellow-what's his name?-at the concert last night." he thought. "It's always fellow's like that, with tenor voices and long eyelashes, that draw the matrimonial prizes. IIeard her tell Edith last night all the officers at Castle ford had ginger hair, and knew no more how to waltz than so many lively young elephants." Miss Dangerfield's errand was to a Castleford bookseller's, and her order was for all the newest novels. She came out presently. followed by the obse quious shopman, carrying her parcel and bowing his thanks. The storm nwas very near now. The whole sky was darlk there.wnas that oppressive heat and still hess in the air that usually precede a thunderstorm. "Coming!' Miss Daigerfelel thought, vaulting into the saddle. 'Now, then, Ilderlm, my beauty, my dailing, outstrip the storm, if you can!" Shite was off like the wind. and in a few minutes the town lay far behind her. But fate had decreed to take sides with Roberts. On the bare downs, treeless and house less. the lightning leaped -likea: -two edged sword. There came the boomlng crash of thunder, then 5 deluge of rain, and the midday summer tempest was upon her In Its might. The swift, sud den blaze-of the lightning In his eyes startled the nervous system of IIderim. He tossed his little'black Arabian head in the air with a snort of tentor, made a bound forward, and. fled over thp grassy plains withl the speed of ap. cxpres`s train. ' "A ri~naway, by Jove!"' A man darted forward with the cry upon his lips, and padethi agile spring of a wild eat at Ilderlm's bridle rein. - -A moment's struggle, and then the spl rited Arab stood still ujilde thile grasp of an Iron hand, quivering in evrery ltrb, and hisa mistress, Idokling dvii from her saddle, met full two of the.most beauti ful eyes into which It haid .ever been her good fortune to. look. It was Mr Gastoh Dantree; the hand seome silver- voiced tenor-of last-night's concert, and a flash of glad surprise lighted up her face. - S"Mr Dantree," she crlied, "'you! and-in this tempest,. and at so opportune a moment. HIow shall I thank you for save-for rendering me such very-timely assistance ?" S"For saving my life," she had. been going to say, but that would have been coming it~a little too strong. Her life had not been in -the smallest danger-she was a thorough horsewouman, and could have managed a much Wilder animal than Ilderim. But the knight -o the rescue was Mr Dantree, and last night Miss Dangerfleld had lookted for the first time Into those wondrous eyes of golden brown light, and fallen straight in love with their owner. He nwas very handsome; perfectly, faultlessly handsome, with an olive com plexfon, a low forehead. a chiselled nose, a thick black moustache, and two dark almond eyes, of "liquld light" Not tall, nor stout, nor very manlyllooking. perhaps, in any way; men were rather given to sneer at Mr Oaston - Dantree's somewhat effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that In Mr Dantree's black eyes, in Mr Dantree's musical voice, in MIr Dantree's trained muscles. that wnould have rendered a serious dlfficultly a little unpleasant. He took off his hat nonw. despite the pouring rain, and stood before the heiress of Sca.rsn-ood. loking like the Apollo hbn self in a shabbhyshooting jacket. "You do me too much hionor, Miss Dangerfleld i don't really thlisk your life was in any danger: still it's pleasan: to know I was the one to stop your black I steed, all the same. - Rather a coinci n dence, by-the-bye, that I should meet you here Just at present, as, taking ad vantage of last night's kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scars wood." ? "And Scirswood is very well worth r seeing, I assure you. As it is not more r than a quarter of a mile to the gates. suppose you resume your hat and your journey ?" "But. Mliss Dangerfield. you will get your death at this pace in this down pour." "Oh, no, I'll not!" Katherine answered, coolly. "The rain will never fall that will give me my death! You don't know how strong I am. Come, MAr Dantree, let me see if you can walk as fast as Ilde'lm." She looked down at him with that bril -liadt 'smlle that 'lighted her dark face into something brighter than beauty. "Come, Mr.Dantre" " she repeated, "let me be cicerone for' sce, and show you the splendors of Scarswood. It is the show place of .the neighborhood, you know, built by a Dangerfleld, I am afraid to say how. many centuries ago. We dame over with William, the what's-his dame, y~ou know; or perhaps' William found us here when'he arrived; I'm not positive which. We're a'dreadfully old family, indeed, and I'm the last daughter of the race; and I'wouldn't be anybody but Katherine Dangerfleld of Scarsswood Park for the world!" SShe dashed utnder the huge miasonry as she spoke, half laughing, wholly in ear nest. She was proud of the old blood that flowed so spiritedly in her veins, of this noble mansion, of the princely in heritance which was her birthright. "Welcome to Scarswood. Mr Dantree," she said. as he passed by her side under the Norman arch. He raised his bat. "Thank you. Miss Dangerfleld," he said. gravely; and so" still by her side, walked up the dripping elmn avenue and into the house. Ilis fatal beauty-fatal, though he was but seven-and-twenty, to many wonlmen had done its work once more. Her own. hand had brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood Hall, and until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from all other days in Katherine Danger field's life. Sir John sat in his library- alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in Ilis hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent at first sight: it only contained these lines, written in an elegant, flowing Italian chirography: Paris. September 23. Mly Dear Sir John Dangerfield,-How delightedly my pen writes the title! A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scarswood Park is yours, andi your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hoped it? And you're back in England, and la petite-the lit tle Katherine. Darling little Katherine: So full of spirit and self-will, as she was wheht I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah?, mon dieu! fifteen weary, weary, weary years. My dear baronet. I am coning to see you. I know you will be enchanted. On the 3rd of October you will send your carriage to Castle ford station t1o meet the twenty minutes past seven. London express and me. And your servant \\\'il ask for Mrs Va vasor. I adapt my names as -I do my con\versation to my conmpany, and among the aristocratie county families of Sussex let me be aristocratic too. Adieu, my baronet, for the present, and allow me to subscribe myself by the old cognomen of HARRIET IIAMAIXN. P.S.--Tell my pet. Katherine. 1 am coming. Kiss the darling child for me. He had sat for hours as lie sat now, that letter crushed in his hand, a grey Ssh pallor on his face, his eyes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing wind-blown trees. The liht ning thunder broke forth over the uhof, the.summer rain beat on.the gl e tie'thersaw'"nor'lthar'tl' he'-.?i?a?a man stunned by a great and sudden blow. - "And I thought her dead," h1 mur mured. "I hoped she was dead. - I thought, after fifteen years' silence. I was safe; and now--ohi God, will the I wicked wish never be granted?" ise sat there as lie had sat since he left the breakfast table, when the door' was flung open and Katherine, dripping like a mermaid, stood before him. . "May I come in, papa, or have you fallen asleep? Do you know it is two o'clock, and past luncheon time, and that I have brought home a guest? It's Mr Dantree, papa. You remember him. You know; and he wants to see the house and-I want you to be civil to him. He's in the blue drawingroomn: and [ while I'm changing my habit. I wish you would go and entertain him. Papa!" (Sllte broke off suddenly. catching sight of his altered face.) " What is the matter? You look like your own ghost." lie r-ose up stiffly. as if his limbs were cramped. crushing the letter more tight ly still in his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her,'as he answered: "I am a little cold. Who did you say was waiting. Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man. Gaston Dantree. By-the bye. Kathie. tell Harrison to prepare one of the front cllambers for a-a lady-an old friend of mine-wiho is coming to visit us. Site sw ill be here on the even ing of the 3rd of October next, and her namd is Mrs Vavasor." (To be continued.) 