A BBIGAM GUILLO TINED. Copsiean Bushrangers, M. Deibler guillotined a Corsican bri gand named Manaccla at - Bastla on Tuesday morning, May 11, about 4 o'clock. Manacoia was found guilty of having shot several persons, and waa one of the most dangerous marauders m the "maquis" or bush. The guillo tine was taken from the outhouses of the local theatre at 2 o'clock a.m., and was put up on the Place d'Armes in the presence of a large crowd, kept back by formidable contingents of troops and gendarmes. These precautions were especially necessary, as it was thought that some of Manaccla's wild brethren from the bush would make a desperate attempt to rescue him at the last mo ment. All passed off, however, without any demonstration on the part of the bushrangers, who were no doubt awed by the quantity of cold steel gleaming round the guillotine. The brigand Manaccla was sound asleep and snoring heavily when M. Arrighl, acting for the Procureur General, ordered him to be aroused. The bandit bounded from his iron cot at the dreadful summons, and then fell back half dazed as he saw the cell crowded with people, and recognised that his hour had come. Dr. Salicetl, attached to the prison, gave him a glass of Chartreuse, which he eagerly drank, and then plaintively exclaimed, "It Is not possible. The President of the Re public cannot have rejected my appeal for pardon, for I killed nobody. I AM INNOCENT of the crime of murder, I tell you all." M. Deibler and his men next appear ed, and the bandit allowed himself to be manacled without resisting. He then heard Mass, and listened to the exhor tations of Abbe RisteruccI, the prison chaplain, who urged him to repentance. Shortly after 4 o'clock the condemned man was put Into a vehicle by "Deib- ler's men, and was conveyed to the Place d'Armes. Manaccla was as pale as a ghost as he emerged from- the huge van, refusing the help of Deibler and of the chaplain. After a long, terrified look at the guillotine and a glance at the crowd assembled to see him die, the bandit was put down on the "bascule," and his head was soon off. Brothers of Mercy, cowled and girdled, recited the prayers for the dead around the guillotine, and after wards ' carried the remains to the ce metery, where the bandit's friends were assembled for the Interment. The people who had thronged the Place d'Armes went away irom tne spot deeply impressed, many of them say ing prayers aloud for the repose of the brigand's soul. 