THE MYSTERY OF BART0P WELL. FBT JACK RFOBT.] "Come away. Pat, it ain't safe ; von might fall. "Pah! cet away. It's onlv fools like you that are frightened. I'm going to look down, " and Pat Mc-Gann stretched himself ]-;igth on the sloping yeliov,- rami bank at r.ho well's mouth, unprotected by ivindlafs. or stay of j any kind, aud looked ir.to the Mirnv, stagnant depths. j j "Here, Fred." he eric!, raif-inc: himself: j "you come and lock down.'' ' But a look of terror ianm into the facp of ! the half- besotted lad as iie d-ev.- back and j cried. "Xo, :io:I am't gome to look down ; there: I'm afraid of \voil> ! 1 Sin.te v.eiU." " But there's someriiiu^ down ii'jre I want you to come and se.?." persisted Fat. " I ain't going to iook dowu. I tell vo-.i! Why, it s a hundred and fifty feet de?n. " "And what if it is, l 7 redsrid the orher in . j i l I I a soft, insinuating ^oic-i. ••] ^-oo't let you i fall down; you justcoase and loclr.'' I ">"o! no! no:"' ar:d ha kept edging | away till he got to lUe foot of '.ho slouios I bank. "Come on back, j cioa t by a fool,"'iaid i Pat. cnaxingly. "I'll hold you so ym don't j fall, while you look domi .m<! u iiat this is j floating in the water." j After a great deal ot" nfrmiasion 1'red consented i to stretch hiciiu!:" down and T'-'ei" (.autiously over the edge, v. hilu Pat ijeii him by the coat. " Don't you see it. Frc-d ?"'" " No: I can just see a S'xi-ck of water, that'i all.'' "But lean furihcr over; you Ciin'c bee iik that; further yet." There was a movement from the behindhand the coat slipped fro-.a hisp-asp. X cry rang out—a wild burn tied cry t!mo liiled the well with a hundred echoes, aad^nded i dull, distant, fearful splasli. The bii.« seemed to shriek and fly from the shelter of trees that stood sentinel near, and Pat McGann straightened himself and stood up by the yawning well's inoutlr—aloui'. The night wind came soughing and sighing through the twisted branches of the gnarled old bos-trees with a dreary sound—a dark, moonless night with a filmy haze that shutout tbe stars. Sot a sound broke, the te.ie stillness but the rustling branches and thedriftinsr leaves. Inside the hut all was equally still, though three men sat round a generous lire, and some dogs lay basking in the warmth. John Est had-dropped the week-old paper, ; that was fresh enough to those country sons of ; tJil, and sat clasping his knees and* looking dreamily into the tire. On either hand sat his two men—one, a half- caste, plaiting a whip; the other, with a long-pointed burnt stick taken from the fire, was making caricatures of the others on the brown mud wall of tbe fireplace. " Isn't it about time we fed up for the night, boys?" he cried, suddenly, as his eyes lost their dreamy look and he "caught sight of his owp nose drawn about two feet long in charcoal on the wall. "I guess it is," said the amateur, dropping his suck, "but who's going to water the horses. You don'tcatch me down at that hole again after dark; Tve -had 'bout 'nough of it this last week." John IJsk laid his head back and gave a long chuckling, gurgling laugh of scorn and amusement miagied. It was the third or fourth time .that Jim had announced his dislike of watering the horses. He spoke of mysterious sounds he had heard, and that the horses seemed to hear and tremble at, and -of queer, creepy feelings that came over him, feelings that made his Hash shake and tis hair stand up; and new he stood stoutly up and said he would water them no more. Oh!'it was too "good; and John £=k laughed loud and- long. "Laugh away. It's better than crying; but I guess, you won't laugh quite so ioud if you hear them bobble rings.". " What, Jim,.you still persist in the belief y oi the hobble rings?" and the laugh took his breath again. s "I tell you," cried Jim hotly,.. "as regular as I go down tx> water-the horses as night a horse with hobbles gallops past the well, and stops down there amongst the trees." "Andyou never see him?" '' _Co. Nor-.you worn see him." "Rubbish." "All right. Go and see for-yourself." "So- I wilL. You bed and feed them, and I'll take them to water. Here, Georire, help out with this boiled wheat, and m see wbat% to be made of Jim's ghost, J! and with laughter and jest3 between the half-caste and Esk they proceeded to the stable, but Jim looked on.the matter as too serious for jest or laugh. ' John.fisk.let down the rails for the horses, when Jim called, " Halter the roan or 6he'il give you the slip.". "How's that? She's as quiet ae a lamb. "Perhaps she is; but all the same she's bolted from me these last three nights. She 4 goes like the wind whenever she bears the sound of the hobbles." John Esk was an obstinate man, and he felt balf- relactant to take the halter-rope from the halfcaste. who had quietly slipped it over the. mare's bead with a creepy feeling of the supernatural pervading him. _ The horses went down the narrow track single file to the waterhole, followed by John Esk leading the roan by the halter. She was the quietest out of the -team, but very timid. The two men left at the stable were curious as to what, would happen, and leaving their work-they followed to within a few chains of the hole. Tor tbe space of a minute or two nothing could be heard but the horses sucking, the water in with their' big soft lips, _ while John _ Esk. in spite of bis derision, was listening as intently as the rest. Presently through tue dreary stillness from somewhere away down in the flat came that peculiar jump, jump, of & hobbled horse. The sounds came nearer and nearer, the rattle of the chains as they struck together ringing out with a startling clearness. It was no vain imagination of the brain, as John Esk would have it not ten minutes before; the sound was there if there was uo substance, and he did not hear it alone. Every horse had raised his head with. a sharj) jerk at the first sound, aud kept them raised, and the two men heard, and came closer, till John Esk caught sight of them through the dusk of night, and experienced a. feeling of comfort. The sound of the hobbled hoofs came on till they stopped at the vellow-clay bank of the well just above the hole, and the men, straining their eyes through the darkness, saw nothing, while the horses around tbe hole stoodas if petrified. They did not even breathe. Nothing could lie heard but the water dripping from their mouths into the hole. A night hawk flitted by and broke the stillness, and something like a whistling sigh of wind came from the bank of the well, then the hobbles moved again, and a horse full speed went past between the men on the bank and the horses at water. The invisible hoofs, with the hobble chains ringing out, flew down the slope where the sounds died as suddenly away as they had come, while the terrified horses broke into a wild stampede, the roan puiling John Esk off his feet with the suddenness of her mad flight. It was midnight before all the horses were found and put in the stable, and then serious talk over tbe mysterious • occurrence followed. "I don't believe in ghosts,"said John Esk from his seat before the freshly stirred fire. "Never have. But hearing the like of that close to you, and seeing notbinsr, is too much of a shatter to a fellow's nerves, and there must baa cause for it. What do you chaps think it is':'' "I believe it's nothing but a message from Fred Linton." said Jim, solemnly. "From Fred Linton! Why, he went to Pinaroo months ago! Is he dead, do you mean " You ask Pat McGson." " What does Pat McGann know?" "I believe Pat McGann knows more than is safe for him to toil." "But ho said Fred went to Pinaroo." "Who with?"asked Jim, sceptically. " S"bv with some fellow with sheep." "Yes; and who is the fellow?" " I don't knotr," said John Esk, beginning to look doubtful. "No, neither does any one else—not even Pat McGann." Bus what motive could he have had for doing away with Fred ?" ' Why; don't you remember that case be was tried for, and Fred was the only witness. It was at that time Fred disappeared, and Pat's case fell through for want of evidence." Good Heavens'. Yes. I remember it all! But what makes you so sure of this? " •Tust what I have been hearing this last few nightE. Yoa saw what a sweat the horses were in to-night, and they were nearly as bad last night, but you fellows only laughed at mc." * But if this is what people call a ghostly visitation, what a mysterious form for it to take." Fred always kept his borse gobbled down here in tbe swamp." said Jim. "And do you believe he is down the well?" "I do." Next morning the men wnt down together to the spot where the sounds of the hobbled feet had died away, and were horritled to find the dead body of Pat -McGann lying v;ith its face turned upward wide-eyed to the still clear sky. An in- juest was hold, and they returned a verdict, "Died by the visitation of God." Charles-street. Norwood, May 4, 1£07. To the City Cash Stores. Deir Sirs—Tlio Cerealine Porridge-meal purchased by me some time ago has, I am pleased to E-ay, given entire satisfaction. As a Breakfast-meal it is unrivalled, and far more ourishing and easier digested than ordinarj- porridge-meals- Yonrs, &c..; yI77ths87 A. GLIX. MOBUT. 