.Tlie Weapons of Mystery. CHAPTER IX. . . THE HALL GHOST. , - 'I cannot. 1'vo tried ; her nature is not susceptible ; besides, even if I got such a power, I could not U3e it. You cannot force love, and the very nature oE the case would make such a thing im possible. Stay ! You know Miss Forrest well, don't you, her education, und hor disposition ?' ' I've known her long enouglr,' ? ' ;- Well, tell mo whether I am correct in my estimate of her character. If I am, I do not fear. She's very clear headed, sharp, and clever ; A hater o'f humbug, a despiser oF cant.' ' Truo enough. But what's this got to do with the matter ? ' 'In spite of this, however,' went on Voltaire without heeding Miss Staggles' query, '. she has » great jjenl of romance, in her nature ; has a strong love for mystery, so. much that she is in some things a trifle superstitious.' ' I can't say as to that, but I should think you are correct.' . 'Then she's a young lady of very strong likes and dislikes, but at bottom is of a very affectionate nature.' ' Affectionate to nearly every one but me,' muttered Miss Staggles. ' She is intensely proud — ' 'As Lucifer!' interrupted Miss Slsggles. ' This is her great weakness,' went on Voltaire. ' Her pride will overcome her judgment, and becauso of it she will do things for which she will afterwards ho Rnrru Fa fhic frna ?)J ' True to the letter. You must ho a wizard, Herod Voltaire, or you couldn't havo Hummed up her disposition so correolly.' ' Her sense 'of honor is very great. Sho would sacrifice her happiues3 to do what sho thought to be honorable.' ' I belicvo s,he would.' , , ' 'Then my patch is marked out,' said ho savagely. From that time I could catch nothing of what was said, although they conversed for five minutes at least. But it was in whispers, so low that I could not catch n word. Presently they got up and went away, .?.while I, with aching head 'and fast beat ing heart, tried to think what t:- do. . _ Everything was Juiystery. 1 could not see a step before me. Why should Miss Staggles le so willing to help Herod Voltaire, and what were the designs in his mind? What waa his purpose in getting at a correct estimate of Mis3 Forrest's character ?'j 1 went to the house pondering tLese things in mind, and, arriving there, heard the hall clock fatrike the. uarter, from which I knew it was a quarter past six, We were to dine at seven that day, and, as. I did not usually make an -. elaborate toilette, I knew I had ple.ntv of time. I felt I could not go in for a ' few tninnte3 ; my brain 3cerncd on fire. ' ' ] turned ,to take a walk towards Iho park' gatos, when I heard a footstep, and, turning, saw Simon Slowden. ' Can you give me ten minutes be fore dinner, sur ?' he said. ; ??.??. ' ' I daro say,' I said. He led me into the room in which we had spoken .-. before. ' There's some thing wrong, yer honor,' he said in a ' low voice. - ' How do you know ?' 'Why, that 'ere Egyptiau hev been doggin' me all day. He's got a hinklin' as how we're try in' to match ?'em, and reckons as how I'm yer friend. Besides, to-day when I see you ride hoff with the young lady, I thinks to myself, ' There's ' no knowin' what lime he'll be bauk.' I . \ knows what '(is, yer honor ; lii've bin ? . in the arms o' Wonus myself, and knows as 'ow n hour slips away like a minnit. So as thero war no tellin' if yon would put to the summer-house to- night at five o'clock, I thought ]'d just toddle uy my .-- self.. Hut 'twas no go. I sees they two willians a-talkin' together, and when that 'cro Woltoire went off by hira3elf, iuu uuiur Luua u |juii nun to Keop wi me. 1 tried to git 'im off, bat 'twas no use , he stuck to me like a limpet to a rock.' . ' Perhaps it was all fancy, Simon.' ' No fancy in me, bnt a lot o' judg ment. Fact, stir, I've began to think for the fust time a3 'ow sorua things in iho Bible ain't, true. ? la the Psalms of Solomon it reads, ' Resist the devil aud he'll go awny howlin'.' Well, I've resisted that 'ere duvil, and hi- wouldn't go away till he'd knouod as h'-w he'd played his little game ; ' and Simon looked very solemn indeed. 'Is that all, Simon 7' ' All. yer honor. 'Tisu't, tun'ch you think ; but to mo it looks mighty sus picion?. a3 I said to my sweetheart when I suo her n-bnggiV and kissin' iho coach limn.-' I went away laughing, hut my heart was still heavy. Try as I would, I could not dispel tho fancy that soon something terrible would happen. . During dinner Knffar inado .himself very disagreeable. This was somewhat unusual, a:; he waa generally blaud nud polite,, but, (o-uignt ho was so ? caulankerous that 1 fancied he iihist have been drinking. To mo he was capruinlly iusultin-r, anil went so far as to hint tint 1; uulikiMithur Kuaiiitlimcn, was a coword; I hadn't courtige to re.*is! a limn manfully but would net towards an enemy in a eutMiing, scrpenl-lilcu way. This was not tht1 first occasion on which he hnd i'cii^Iit to pick a quarrel with nif, and 1 felt like resenting it. I desisted, how ever, ns there were ladies present, ond went on quietly talking to my neigh bor ng if he hadn't spoken. This roused his ire more, while 1 saw that Voltaire watched me with his light glittering eye, a^ if expecting a scene. After dinner, this being Now Ycar'b 'Day. wo passed a more than usually merry timo. {To be C'unlinucd.) 