Society and Fashion. BY "RITA." On the 20th inst. the Mayoress of Mel bourne (Mrs W. Strong) held her first reception this season in the Mayor's room She was assisted by the Mayor and some members of her family Mr. Johnson, of Richmond, had effectively decor:: '.cd the rooms. Refreshments were served in an adjoining room. Mr V- '. Nott gave an organ recital, and many visitors went into the balcony to listen Many sociely people called during the afternoon. Mrs Strong holds her next reception on Thursday, 27th inst. 'o Wednesday, lSi.ii inst., Mrs Lux ton i (Mayoress of Pruliran) received in the loevl Town Hall. Mr Luxton assisted. A band played on the stage, and the de corations were artistically carried out in chrysanthemums and autumn leaves. Refreshments were served in the annex. There was a large attendance. "The brightest, funniest, and most brilliantly successful farcical comedy of the day, entitled A Night Out" (I learned all that from the play. It is quite easy to say it, if you take a. long breath), is drawing well at the Prin cess'. On Monday the house was packed, and Mr Weinberg (the conduc tor) faced the audience, and played God Save the Queen fervently, not to say dramatically. He was aided and abet ted hy an orchestra in the same mood. Then the gallery cheered, and "the brightest, funniest, etc.," began. Miss Alma Stanley is a handsome woman. She belongs to the type of women who fill out their dresses beautifully. And all her dresses are showy. First, a pale blue chiffon, draped over pale blue . satin, is worn as a neglige. Then a pal- pink accordion-pleated silk skirt, . with a cream blouse and pansy velvet belt, follows. On her night out expe dition she wears a theatre dress of black silk, uncommonly spangled with Silver. It is made tight-fitting, and . cut square at the neck. Black and I white shoulder cape, a large French hat are worn with this. A study in scarlet follows. Black lace in three rows adorns the skirt, and the bodice is trimmed with black. A scarlet hat, trimmed with plumes shaded from scarlet to pink, and a parasol to match the gown, carry the scarlet into the fal-lals of the toilette, which you will find striking enough. The other ladies in tiie cast have no chance to dress, but the little girls from school undress, . and execute a ghost dance in robes de chamhre. Apropos of Mr Paulton, I want to ask a question (people are al ways asking ine questions, I do not see why I should not have my turn), viz.. Why are comedians nearly al ways small men ? Has there, within R-; knowledge of that voracious person, j the oldest inhabitant of any town, ever been a. comedian six feet or. over ? If so, who ? I See j have asked more tnar. one question— r till, it is near enough for a woman, I was quite delighted with an editorial note in a recent " Herald," pleading for better inspection of and attention to hie food kept for home consumption, the matter should not be allowed to ' op until things are on a more satisfac tory footing, it is little short of a scan- a| that so little attention should be P t0 u»e matter. The housewife has to pay a high price for inferior butter, «nd is told as consolation that "butter is scarce, so much is being sent away." the same with eggs. High price, and e 11 ee 01" four in every dozen bad. The -ame answer to a complaint. One feels 11 'R only the possession of a nasty, ngratefui spirit that prevents those nonored by being allowed to pay for are unfit for use, going down va r knees and thanking the pur- ' f,Vn'rS' ne has to think a little to wL'ea'ISe the PrtvHoge of being al- ' ed to pay from Is 8d to eggs, to find thern 6iSht fit fr use" certainly entish consumer has taken a load "The t? y ® the Paltry, 'or J P "s ls nt laying now" used to J,®? Un4a"lns rep,y t0 a remark about e responsibility can only be »ODCe more' acd on »» the shoul ders of someone whose business it will ,,V s®e our on market properly pro vided for, why-it will be about time. As a matter of fact, on one pretext or another, several articles in domestic use are a scandalous price, and the supply is bad. Fish is another thing. Not because it is being sent home in vast quantities, but because it is not taken out of the sea in quantities commensu rate with the requirements of the popu lation, and because the distribution of what is brought is not properly super vised. It is well known that when pohr people could be and should be having fish cheap, it is manipulated so that prohibitive prices are kept up. They go without, instead of being able to buy as I have seen them in another colony — three large fish for sixpence. The matter is an important one, and I am glad to see that attention has been di rected to it, and I hope the matter will be referred to again and again, until there is some bona fide improvement. On Friday evening, June 11th, the St. Kilda Cricket and Tennis Club's Ball wiil be held at the St. Kiida Town Hall. The hon. sees., Messrs G. H. Insk'.p, G. P. Newman, and H. Ritchie, with the committee, are working hard to make the ball a success, and already a large number of tickets have been disposed of. Tickets, 4s each, may be obtained from the hon. sec. or any member of the com mittee. The first of the Brighton dances is to be held on June 3rd. The tickets are now ready, and may he had from any of the committee, or from the secretary, Mr T. W. Wilson, 317 Collins street, or William street, Brighton. Oyston's Band has been engaged, and visitors may look forward to an enjoyable even ing. Mr Walter Heath's thirteenth annual plain and fancy dres shall was held in the new Town Hall, Prahran, on Mon day evening. The hall was filled, and there was a picturesque display of fancy costumes. A prize was offered for the most original costume, and this was unanimously allotted to Mrs Powell. Mr Bert was the successful gentleman. Twenty-four dances were gone through to excellent music. Refreshments were served throughout the evening. During the evening a flashlight photograph of the room was taken by the well known artists, Talma. Before the concluding da-nce, a short address was delivered by a member of the committee, in which he expressed the thanks of the guests to Mr Heath for the enjoyable evening. On 2nd inst. the second season of the Essendon Assemblies was inaugurated. About fifty couples met at the Town HalL Moonee PoHds;7ThiF anisic was supplied by Oy ston 'nd:j LomstxS ban d , and Mr BeH'-mYist': 7£i!da, catered. \\.fany of the principal res:e:ja pf-,th district were present, And- tfet&eitvere; mrfpy Visi tors from'-,. ether suburbs. .^The/com mittee in tetjd- maklu apqelalj-prepara- tlons for thch'-neKt-dancvfiicli is to be held on 23rd prox.'as a Jubilee event. The Mayor and Mayoress of Northcote (Councillor and Mrs M'Lean) gave a very successful dance in the Northcote Town Hall on Tuesday evening last week. About 150 were present. The decorations were carried out hy Miss Jackson in gold and brown art muslin and flowers. Amongst the entertainers were: — Soloists : Mr Walter ICirby, Miss Mary Conly, Mr Prickmann. Recita tions by Rev. Hector Ferguson and Mr J. Bc- st. Piano solos : Miss Lottie Fraser and Miss Yeomr-ns. Refreshments were served in the council chamber and main hall. Mr Poidge being the caterer. The Mayoress wore a black brocade, trimmed Willi Jet, and carried a beautiful shower bouquet of crimson carnations. Mrs tVni. Strang (Mayoress of Melbourne), black skirt, bodice of pale heliotrope brocade: Miss Strong, white silk; Mrs Robertson, black s'lk: Mrs D. A. Mad den, violet vc-lvet; Mrs D. Y. Hennessy, uncommon gown of rainbow tinted silk: Mrs Montague Lyo-l. rose pink watered silk; Miss F.ffP Montague Lyell. cream jnerveilbux: Mrs Yeomans, brown and gold brocade: Mrs Bird, pink crepe, spangled net trimmings; Mrs E. F. Major, white surah, trimmed with narrow black velvet; Mrs W. G. Swift, black shit and lace; M'ss A. Thomp son, pale pink crepe, and lime; Miss F. Thompson, white silk; Mrs Fred Plant, black silk: Mrs Jack Best, black satin: Mrs "Woodward, black silk and jet: Miss Plant, pink si'k Tim first of tlie series of Cinderella dances arranged .by members of.. the Carlton Lawn Tennis Club was held in the Horticultural Hall on Thursday 20th inst. There was a large attendance, and the arrangements were in the hands of Miss M'Nab and Mr J. H. Nattrass, joint, hon.' secretaries, assisted by -the executive committee, consisting of Mr F. J. Tucker (chairman). Miss O'Su.Uivan, Miss Smith, Messrs Hayes, Healy, and Shand, who have every reason to he satisfied with their efforts -in bringing this dance to such a successful issue. Amongst those presr-nt were - Mrs Doubleday, who wore blue silk: Miss Plant, green silk; Miss Tompsitt, fawn and pink silk; Miss Hilda Hart, cream silk crepe; Misa Beeston, amber silk"; Mrs Ball, black .and gold gown; Mrs R. Shand, white silk; Miss Anderson, pale green; Miss O'Sullivan. white silk; Miss . Smith, .pink snerveilieux; Miss M'Nab. eau de nil; Miss Wickons, pink silk; M'.es Ostermeyer, blue silk; Miss Burrell. pink silk; Miss Gordon, yellow satin; Miss Harris, white silk; Miss Entwistle, cream silk. Among the gentlemen present were Dr. Jevmaine, Dr. Gordon, Dr. Lulham, Dr. Oster meyer, Dr. Crawley, Dr. Lynch, Messrs Doubleday, Rlgby, Shields, James, Den ton, Laurie, Campbell, Price, M'Gregor, Burrell, Tuomy. Miss Balharry has composed a Jubilee waltz, entitled "Her Majesty." This will shortly be published by Messrs Allan and Co., and Lady Brassey has permitted the composer to dedicate the waltz to her. THE HOUSEWIFE APRON AND SLEEVE. The apron and sleeve shown in the illustration is useful as a dusting, cook ing, or painting apron. 