\COMPLETE IN TWO INSTALMENTS. 1 IK SOIFICE IF 111 BBUDH, by v VICTOR O'D. POWER, Author of "The DovereUa of Lynn wood," 4, Secret of tho Pufit," "Bonnie / Luuraven," &c.;, &o.; corymoirr. CHAPTER I. . A Tubniuo Poinx. tHE clear amber light , of an October sunset bathed tho woods of Brandon .in its melancholy splendour, quivered . in shafts of tremulous flame along the foniv srhidea ana forest open- ings, and touched with Are tho figures of . Viola Brandon and her brother Hubert, as they stood together in one of the loneliest . recesses of tho wood, their faces pule with the ' emotion that shook thom both. "No, no, Viola; it is only mad folly to endeavour any longer to bliud my eyes to the truth," Hubert Brandon was saying, in tonea of suppressed passion. "Ever since Carrutlicrs returned to tho hall it, is quito evident that Mabel Adair iHnot the same girl, -toward me, at least. Not that X belioye, mind yon, that she loves tho fellow one bit; and that's tho worst of it. To think that she will marry him, simply and solely because of his title and social position, is the bitterest of nil reflections." " But surely, Hubert, you ought to give . her tho benefit of the doubt," Viola returned, . Jior doep, gray eyes full of concern, her beautiful oval face growing still jinler. " You may ho wronging Mabel ail tho tune. You are so dreadfully impetuous, you know. "Why don't you inako uu oifort to pl'ovu your suspicions? AVby don't you ask net if Viola paused ; then added hastily : "No; I won't counsel that. There are surely a dozen ways in which you could discover tho truth without going to the girl herself and having a 'scene' over tho matter." " Make your mind perfeotly easy, Viola, Hubert said, with flashing eyes. "Mahel Adair shall novor have it as a boast after wards that I urawled to lior feet anil begged of her to ho merciful 1 That is not exactly my way. I've been thinking over another littlo plan, however, which will, I think, ho effective enough. It will open my oyes to tho girl's true doings, and to Oarruthers'B troaohory toward myself. Yes, trcaohcry, Viola," ho added, aiiHwering an almost startled glance of his sister's. "Lord Carruthors knows perfectly well that Mubol and I wore all but engaged. His sister told him about it tho very day ho returned to tho hall. I happen to know this ; I do not speuk without good authority. Tho man is a hourtless, unprincipled cud, and nothing else ; and I'll not rest until I tell him so— up to his face, too, curso him !" A littlo cry of pain escaped from Viola's lips, and slio impulsively caught her brother's hand in hers. Hubert was her only brother, and alio had always loved and looked up to liim with a kind of hero-worship that had grown with her years and strengthened with her strength. Hubert was one of those geuerous- minded, warm-hearted, sensitive, proud, and passiona te young men, whoso lot it generally is to ho loved by many und yet never satisfied them selves. Norvous, highly-strung, easily elated, us easily depressed, Hubert Brandon's exis tence whs ottvutimcs a martyrdom to himself — tt sad anxiety to his sister. His mothor, whom ho closely resembled in every way, hud died somu years before, leaving to Hubert tho old Dowel House of ' Creiglitou, where ho had resided now for . lieariy a year ; and ever sineo their mother's death sister and brother hud been drawn together still more fondly than of old. Viola Brandon would, I think, liuvo died fur Hubert: und that the feeling, wus a mutual ono Viola well knew. ... It pained' hor ih'orothuri she'-' could' express to hear Hubert's pussiouate and bitter words now. Sho hardly know what to suy in answer. Of what uvuil uould it be to talk the custom-, ary platitudes in this cruol emergency ? Tliut Hubert wus stirred up from his deepest doptlis she felt in every word ho had uttered, iu every glance of his oycB — so like her own. " I wish — I wish you would not brood so muoh over this matter, Hubert," she said at lost, her fingers closing about his hand with a tightening pressure. " Even supposing that your upproliensions uvo true, you are not the only one who has troubles. Look ut my case," and a wan smile— tho snddost of smiles —flitted ghost-like across hor features. " If I wero to allow mvsolf to think, why, I should break down nltogethor." Hubert started a little, and turned his gruve, gray eyes full upon his sister's fuco. Therowos a rcmorsofnl look iu thoso oyos. His lips quivered. "All, I liad forgotten. Yes, yos, indeed, Viola, it is too bad — too had. Poor old laiunee ! It ia hard for you and for liim." Viola said nothing. In suite of every effort of her strength of mind, buck flow her thoughts to that wrotoliod evening, nearly n your' and a half ago now, wlion Luuuco ' Garisbrooko and she had parted, to meet, per haps, uovcr again. Lauuco's father had been rainod on the took exchange : tho dear old Manor IIouso and estato had licen seized by tho mortgagees ; ' the unfortunate bankrupt had died, a lirokou- licarted man ; and Launeo, tho only son, hud been forced to go out to tho Capo, where a former college companion of his had promised to get liim an appointment should he be driven to lcnyo liis homo. Luunco's granduiiolo, Sir Godfroy Caris hrooko, was one of tho wealthiest men in Somerset, mid was un old bachelor to boot. "When it was suggested to tho old man that it wus his duty now to look tuhisgrandiiophow, he struek his ebony stick oil tho floor, und compressed his thill, determined lips. "He may thank his falhor's blind folly for this," Sir Godfrey snarled. '.'I always lold Frank Garisbrooko that he'd regret- it if he persevered iu thusu ruinous investments. But he laughed ull my counsel to acorn, and per sisted m his own course, and a fine kottlo o' fjsh lie bus made of it, too. Woll, let tho son suffer now. It will teach him a bit of u lesson, and he will learn by practical experience that in order to succeod in life ono must bo , cautious, steady, energetic/ and self-reliant." The advocate was tempted to remind Sir Godfrey that tho good things of life had dropped into his own, capacious lup simply through tho accidental death in the nunting- fleld of a cousin of his, tho former proprietor of Carisbraoke, and that on this account ho hbuld;npt dwell so much onthe necessity' of energy, self-roliuuco, and so forth, for the securing of worldly wealth. But what was the good of talking P Better to take things quietly, and some day or other, perhaps, Sir Godfrey's adamantiue hourt would soften a bit toward tho ill-fated Frank Carishrooko's son; So Launeo and Viola Brandon had made thoir udloux with mutual vowsofunohuugiug' lovo und .lifelong oonstauor. Almost from the days of their childhood thoy hud beou sweethearts, and . the separation now wus among the.- saddest of this disappointing world's sad vicissitudes. Vlf fortune over favours mo, Viola," . Launeo hud said, "I will' return, and you will ho my loving wife at last." ..." Your, wife; or the wife of no one, Launeo wus Viola's sobbed reply. .And thus had they parted. Now, as I tell you, nearly a year and a half had gone by, und tho hope of reunion in Viola's heart was slowly dying out. Launeo's , DccasionaUetters were not oucouraging. It ( . was a hitter cross to bear, and Hubort Brandon, who shared ull his sister's scorots as a rule, was fully alive to Viola's hidden sor- . row, and looked forward almost as eagerly as did she to Launce Cariabrooke's return to England. " It ia selfish and cowardly of mo, Vi, to talk as I have been talking. Heaven knows, -dear, you have troubles enough of yourown." So, in a contrite, remorseful spirit spoke Hubert, and instantly Viola's face ohangod. Che patted his hand gontly, and foroed a end ' J1ttlo smile. "Wo must only hope for tho best, Hubert, (you and I. That is all wo oun do." "Well; not ' quite nil," her brother answered, with a momentary return o! his former mood. "Ono thing mare I at all events must do ore I allow myself to lapso into inaotivity, That plan ' I referred i to awhile ago must ho carried out,' Violu, and after that " " Hush ! Somebody is coining." Just as the interruption escaped Viola's lips footsteps were heard, and tho tall, muscular figuro of a Handsome young fellow, dressed in .the brown corduroy of tho Brandon game keepers, came vapidly along' a pathway wbloh ' iuterseoted that on which Viola arid her brother stood. " Oh, it is only Robin Dale," Hubert said. Good ovoning, Rohm." The approaoliiiig figure abruptly halted. A pair of brown eyes flashed forth from a pale, handsome faeo. ' Clearly Robin Dalo had been so wrapped up in his own meditations that ho had not hoard the voices of the brother and sister as lie came along. ii Good ovoning. Muster Hubert. Good evening, Miss Violu." There was un odd tromor in. Robin Dale's voice as' ho pronounced tho girl'B name — a strange, wistful sadness in his eyes as bo turned them for a moment upon hor face. Viola Brandon was conscious of this, although sho tried to blind her souses to tho fact. For months past she had secretly suffered from tho well-nigh inuredlblo but sufficiently patent ovidouces of Robin Dale's feolings towards heraolf. At first sho had .luughod at tho idoa as being a piece of absurd inuoy 011 her part ; hut little by littlo tho foot was brought home to hor in a hundred small ways, each bearing its own significance, and all tending to one conclusion only. It wits ridiculous, it was humiliating, it was preposterous; but it was no, longer Sonsiblo to doubt it. Robin Dale, son of tho and gsinokeepor of the Brandon preserves, had conceived un unfortunate attachment for the daughter of tho squiro of Brandon Court. When the truth stole upon Viola, her first impulse had beou to speak to her futhor ; hut second thoughts stepped iu and tied hor tongue. She trusted now to time, to her own tout, to Robin Dale's good sense, for n delivoranoo from this absurd but very real diflioulty. For tho previous month she had never once seen Robin until thlsmomont. She was almost shocked at tho worn look of his face, at the hopeless expression of Ills deep- set, yearning eyes. Ho passed hastily down tho pntb, and was lost to sight. Viola breathed u sigh of roliof. " What a strauge fellow Robin Dalo is!" Hubert said. " I cannot understand liim at ull. I have met him from time to time about tho woods here of late, und invariably he is nooning along with his oyes a thousand miles away, or else walking at tho rate of a dozen miles an hour, with a look of loudness in his face." " Ho is something of a poet, they toll me," Viola said with averted eyes. "His mother wus a lady — or so I'm told. She eloped with Adatn Dale, his father, and " " Ob, of course, I know that old story, Vi," Hubert interposed. "It may be true, too. My recollection of Mrs. Dalo brings boforo my memory a very ludy-like, pensive creature, with long lappets' to bor cap, und lace mittens on her thin fingers." Viola smiled at this, and instantly her face was transformed. So beautiful was that sunny smile that ono conld only regret that it came so seldom. "You have brought her before me now, poor woman," Viola said. "Yes, she cer tainly must iiavo been a lady. No one hut a lady could ever wear such mittens, or be pos sessed of such filigors us Mrs. Dalo's." Thoy turned and, both smiling now, retraced thoir steps through the .wood. Little thoy drcumod at that moment that a turning-point of their lives, as woll us o thoir w«lk, had now been reuohed, and that the gathering shadows of the wood were strangely typical of tho lowering clouds that were already darkening above them. OIIAl'TER II/ Thb Triof.dy op the Beech Hollow. Robin Dalo was standing by the door of his father's cottage, his arms folded oil his chest, his dark, ' melancholy brown oyca fixed absently upon tbo wooden puling that enclosed tho tiny flower garden iu front of tho house. His thoughts wero engrossed with the one suhjeet that haunted him day and night, the subject that hud grown into a mania, and threatened, indeed, to unhinge his reason permanently, if not conquered ut once, " How beautiful sho looked tlio other even ing when she stood with Master Hubert in the wood ! . . . What would I not give to feci her hold my hand as sho held his whon I saw them. . . . Is it miirluess of mo to liopo that one day, ono day—" A girl's silvery voice suddenly fell upon Robin's ears at this instant, and interrupted his fevered dreams. ' ' A ponny for your thoughts, Robin ! Com posing a new poem, were you ? If so, let us hear what it is about," A very lovely girl, slim, dark, graceful, with flashing eyes and a wonderfully spirited face, hud riddoti across tho park and drawn roin jiist outside of the wooden paling. . Robin started when addressed, and looked hastily up, then lifted his hat with the instinctive politeness which he had inherited from liis poor mother. " I'm afraid, Miss Mabel, I've no more rhymes in my head," ho answered with a faint sinilo. "I'm ashamed ot myself for ever telling you, miss, that I scribbled such rubbish at all." ' But really and truly, Robin, the spooi- mons you showed mo woro wonderfully 'good. So I hope you will not allow your pen to rust.". Then she added as she wheoled her horse around a littlo : " And will you bring tho whito rabbits up to the Deanery this ovoning, Robin? My littlo niuco and nophow are quito impatient for thorn." "Very well, MissMabel. I'll notforget." Mabel Adair touolied her horse's flossy flauk lightly with Iter silver-mounted whip, und was soon out of sight timid tho trees. Tho bright smile faded from hor face, ss sho plunged into the solitude of tho park, and sho sighed heavily. Instinctively hor oyes wandered in the direction of Brandon Court, and a wistful sadness filled them. Why was Hubert nuting so ridiouloualy ? Why could ho not seo that Lord Oarruthers'B udvancos woro most uuwolcomo to. hor, aud that common olvility uloue prevonted her from expressing her opinions fiuuUy and to the point ? Hubert Brandon'a manner of lato was little short of insulting — his suspicions wore unjust and unahivalrous. Mubol Adair's spirit would not suffer her to sot herself to rights in hor lover's regard. Lot him wrong hor if he would .! Time . would prove to him his in justice. But, in the meantime, it was hard for her to oiiduro hiu coldness— his neglect — the con sciousness that ho believed her fulsc and worldly. Sho sighed henvily, und drow roin a littlo us she omergod from the wood, through a gate loading out of the high road. Then slie frowned and compressed her lips ominously. A grout, strong-limbed, black horso was approaohing along tho road, and in the saddle was seated tho last man aho would havo selcoted to moot just at this moment, Lord Carruthors himsolf— no other. " Oh, Miss Adair. What an unoxpeotod pleasure ! IwusjustridingovertotheDeanery. bo happy to meot you liore !" His mgh-pitohod, rather effeminate tones gruted 011 hor ear ; his thin, olonr-out faco, with its pule grey, expressionless eyos, thin lips ana high aquiUno nose, was very unwolcometo tho girl. 9ho found it a more difiioult task than evor before to reply civilly to his greeting — to permit him to ndo beside her along tho quiet conntry road. " I wus speaking to Violu Brandon to-day," Carruthors said, as thoy rode ulong. " An awfully protty girl that. Very good 'stylo, very. But she's the sort of girl a follow fools half afraid of, don't you know ? A bit of a now woman — a blue atooking— that kind of thing. By Jove, I never know exactly what to say to hoi;, or wliothor she's laughing at me all tho time or not." " I don't think tliut would bo Viola's role, nt all ovents," Miss Adair naid icily, aud sho vouchsafed 110 other oommont on hie oritioism. Thoy had como in sight of the Deanery gates, when a polo-oart dashed round a turn of the road, and Hubert Brandon, who was driving, lifted his oap, with a very palo, stern fuoo, ere ha was whirled by. Mabel Adair's heart sank. At that hutant all her proud apirit dosorted her. She longed to meet Hubert face to face to explain matters clearly to him — to imploro— yes, if necessary to implore of him to be to her us he had once been I But, like so many of our good impulsos in this world, tho' desire was not to ho carried out. The will was there, hut not the way. Lord Carruthera was stooping over his horse's neck, as, with his whip, ho unfastened tho hasp ot tho Deanery gate, and Hubert Brandon was out (if sight, his pale, stern face seeming to guze on Mabel oven still, as 'sho had seen it for ono moment its bo passed her. That night, at the court, Hubort informed his sister shut I10 wus leaving home for a few dayB — going to Bristol "on a little business." "To Bristol?" Viola echoed ; and suddenly as if from the sheer force of . sympathy, hor hrother's words of a few. evenings before flashed upon her memory : " . . .. " I'vo been thinking over another littlo plan, however, which will, I think, he eifeotive enough. It wiU ouou my oyes to tho girl's true doings and to Gurruthors's treachery towards myself.". Viola looked earnestly into Hubert's fane, as though to read the truth beneath tho mask which covered his features. " Will youbo long away ?"' she asked at last. "No, afowdays,aB I tell yon, pray don't cross question me further to-night, vi, like a good girl, I'll tell you all nbout it afterwards. And now forget it— for tho present. I'll sleep here at Brandon to-night." Hubert loft tho Court curly on tho follow ing morning, having told his sister nothing further of tho " business" that was summon ing him away. Two days pussed, and Viola heard nothing nioro of hor brother. A strange, restless anxiety took possession of hor, una her lieurL wna full of shapeless, yot terrifying forebod ings. Sho knew well how dreadfully impetuous Hubert was— how passion blinded his eyes to reason and swept him along upon its dungcr- uus current, when ouco he luid yielded his senses to its sway. What was tho meaning of tins mysterious ubsonco ? Whore had lie gone to ? When would ho return ?. Viola was standing by hor window, all nlotm, on tho afternoon of tho third day since Hubert's departure, speculating again' over Iter brother's movements, wh-ii, suddenly, the sound of loud, excited voices fell upon her car — voices from the front door of tho court. . Instantly sho crossod the floor, opened the door quiokly, and hastened out on tho lobby. Sho heard her father's voice below.. He was talkiug excitedly to Adam Dale, the gamekeeper. A moment later Viola stood in the . hall. Her futher. turned rapidly, a shocked look iu his handsomo face. " Viola, dear, something dreadful lias occurred. Adam Dale has brought the tidings this instant." Hor thoughts flow to Hubert. She tottered aud leaned against the wall for support. " What — what is it ?" aho gasped with livid lips. " Anything— anything about Hubert i "» "No, indeed, tlinnk Heaven!" was the reassuring tinswcr. "But Hubert will be shocked when ho hears it. Lord Carruthors , bus been shot dead in the wood. His body lius just bccii carried homo to tlio hall." An hour later Viola Brandon washnstening through tho wood, her face palo, her eyes full of a nameless terror and distress. The scant particulars of the mysterious tragedy of Lord Curruthers's death she had heard; hut that tlioro was something still worse to learn, a fatal instinot told her. Adam Dale arid Stephen Wilmot; a wood- rauger, had come on tuo dead body of Lord Carruthera, in a very lonely part of tho Brandon Wood — a little dell known us tho Beech Hollow. The body wus still warm whon the two men had found it ; the bullet seamed to huva passed through the loft sido, just below the breast, and a deep gush upon the head, from which the blood was welling, showod, us it soemed, that the unfortunate nobleman lmd fallen violently to the earth, his bond striking upon the jaggecl root of a great beech tree, us hi fell. Adnm Dale had stayed by the body, whilo Wilmot hastened to the hall, to report the ghastly news. Quarter of an hour later four of the hall servants had obrno to tho wood, and the body hud been conveyed away on a stretcher. Such .was the gist of Adnm Dale's tidings — to every word of wliiuli Viola Brandon had eagerly listened, her heart almost causing to beat. " And yon —you saw no ono iu the wood — you heard no voioes — no quarrel — you mot no ono ?" aho gasped, in a slinddoriug whisper. No. Adam Dalo had no further informa tion to give. His testimony ended there. "How ahookod Hubert will ho, when lie returns and hoars of this," the Squire of Brandon again said ; and Viola, us she heard the words, felt faint and slok with horror. Now, as sho movod rapidly 'ulong the woodland path, this samo terror pursued hor pitilessly : a nameless terror— a terror sho strove in vain to snppress. She novor sluokoned hor pace until ohe had arrived at the Boecli Hollow. Tho twilight was closing down rapidly, arid the orimson beech leaves rustled drearily in the breezo. The sonnd fell upon Viola's ears like a dirgo of ill-omon ; und as tho autumnal gust rose and foil umong the branohos— now dying away to a prolonged shudder, now rising, with u lingering, elfin moan— the girl's heart fuilod her for u momont, and she felt that aho had neither courage nor physical strength to carry oat hor ghastly errand. Conquering this moinontary weakness, however, sho fell upon her knees amid tlio moss aiid ferns, and oogan a hurried, breath less, almost frenzied search — for what ? Eagerly, with shrinking, yet determined eyes, with trembling yet resolute fingers, she pur sued this mysterious search. She bad almost completed the circuit of the Hollow when, suddenly, a hand was laid upon her shoulder and a familiar voice rung in hor ears. " Viola, what are you doing there ? Thank Heaven, Ihavoinotyou !" It wub hor brother Hubert. She aprang to her foot, with a suppressed shriek. Sho caught both of his hands in hers. She saw that ho was pale, haggurd, wild, and exeited ; his hands wore icy cold. " Oh, 'Hubert ! Hubert !" Her voice died away to a moan. "Hush! hush!" he said, eagerly. "We may be overheard. I can hardly orodit my souses that it is really yoii, Viola. I was waiting around here until night should fall, so that I could stool over to tho court unob- aerrcd and mako an attempt to see you." "Steal over to tho court unobserved," "make an attempt to see her !" Hor worst fears wero hut too true, then. Lord Carru thors had fallen by lier brother's hand ! A brief silence ouBuod. Hubort was watch ing his sister's fuco. Her eyes were fixed upon his with the glossy stare of horror. " Hubort, I guessed it all — all — the momont I heard the awful news. I cumeliers to search tho Hollow — fearing — fearing you —you had dropped something — anything — that could ho aftorwards found and produced as evidence against you. I know you huvo aoted in passion — In mndnoss ; you are not accountable for the doed. But tell mo quiokly, quiokly, how it happened. ,1 must know all— and at crice." TO IE OONOLtJDXri. , 