A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The .interesting ease of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, w sayB that a few wseks ago be was orippled partially paralysed, suffering from loootuo! ataxia, and helpless.. .Dootors, hosplt authorities, and everyone said he must die his case was hopeless. But they were mistake To-day he ia a new man, full of life ai energy, bis oratobes he bas thrown away, 1 dead limbs have life, his appetite hits returnt and, in foot, he has a new lease of life out'ai out. Bu muon Interest has been shown by our reade in this marvellous case that we have published t I sots ugain as they appeared in the Amt-alU Workman a few weeks ago : One afternoon oar representative made his wi to the home of Mr. Thumas Jurvis, 46 Orown-lan Ultimo. Ile was discovered nursing a two-year-o baby, and his fa-.e declared him to be one of tl happiest men in Sydney, He was up and abo and able to answer the knock at the door. In, reply to the preliminary questions, ho tali " You want to know all abuut my case ? Well, am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fae moy be of value to those who are striaken as " How long were you suffering I" " Well, twelve mombil ugo I gut BO bad that I bl to leave off work, and 1 hare ilona nutbiug »lui then. About liva years ngj, next Christinas, 1 m with an accident. I was badly scalded whl takiog a bath in Pitt.stteut, Sydney, Since tl ucoident I have been in failing health, and ufti four years of gradual development of the malady was forced to give up my billutac thu Qleba Island, " Wuat wutc the BjiniitbuiB?" " Simply Indesoribabe. Thu pains wore somi thing terrible. They were just «bout as muoh as could bear, They ware for ull the world like as a saw .were cutting my bones iu cwu ia every pai of mc. I had no control over my bowels or bladde and was u nuisance tu myself aud everyone else, was iuceeBuutly shiveriug and shaking, und coul neither eat or sleep., Ou tho 23rd March la«t 1 KI1 u wull-known ductor, and he told me taut my. ca was utterly hopeless. However, he gave ms a order to the Direotor of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use ot the ordtr I" ' - "No; I came home and went to bed, and bav been pretty well in bed ever sinos, Five week ago 1 could noe walk aaruss the floor; infant, could not gee out of bed, 1 felt then that it wa all over with me, and only a question of duye wheo I would give up the ghost. My dootor. wu attending me, sud did all he oonld, by opium ant morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I wu under nia oare for five or Biz weeks, He came t¡ the aonöluslon that I was suffering from looouoto ataxia, or progioseive locomotor ataxy, a disease o the spinal cord, characterised by peouliur disturb anees of nuit and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 mfgb last fur ten yeuts, ana that I might never get thi use of my legs. (Juet then the patient kicked xiii legs about with euergy to show that medica opinion is not infallible.J Well, just as adrowuinj man would grasp ac a straw, I grasped at au idei conveyed by the advertisement oesoribiog the euri effcotud in tho oase of another boiler-iuaker ii England, which I read in tho Australlun Workman by Dr. Williams' Fink Pills for Fule People. : read in the advertisement of a case whioh seemci to flt my own. I determined to give the Pint Pills a trial anywuy, and sent for a box, Tb( effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I wai able to eat and sleep as tuough nothing was chi matter with me. It was the first appetite and resl I bad for many a day. Ic was inorediblt. J immediately left the bed and was able to moví about, I have taken four boxos of Pink Pilli during the past four weeks, aud and am no« taking the fifth box. 1 can walk about with thc aid of a stlok, and am gradually, but surely, re. oorerlag my formar vigor and vitality, You set those crutches here ? They were muda lor me before I got Dr, Williams' Pink Pills, but I wat too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this slick, and I hope soon to dc without it. You see I am- rapidly regaining my strength." .' lie le 100 per cent, hotter," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in ana taken the baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams'Pink Fills have saved his lUe,and made another man ot him." - , A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work BB a boiler-maker,, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. \ am better to-day than I I have been at any time during the past five years. I asorlbo all the obange and benefit to these Pink Pills., They Imvu saved my life. 1 um In no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new mau. On the mantelpiece there ia a box i f opium and morphia pills which the dootor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. Bat they cnn stay where they are, fur I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the obange in me. They oan hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has oanaed qnite a sonsation out hern." Suoh is the remarkable history, and confirms what is Bald in all the chief newspapers of the country of the astonishing ourcs wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They oura locomotor ataxy,' partial paralysis, . and spinal disease, also the many dlBordirB whioh arise from an impoverished state nf the blood, suoh aa amumla, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of nppetlte, shortness ot breuth, pains in the back, nervous headache, oto. These pills are a tonio, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Fink Pille for Pale People, und are sold by ohemists and storekeepers gonerslly, or tho Dr, Williams' Medlaine Company, Queen's Plaue, Sydney, will forward on receipt of Btamps or post order one box for 2s OJ, or half-dozen for 14s Od. Writing to tho New York " Independent " on a statement that there wero over 3000 Congregational and Presbyterian ' oburobos in tho United StateB that did oot report a single number added during tho previous year, by profession of faith, Mr. D. L. Moody asks, " How much is owing to the politics our ministers have been preaching lately, and the talks on the labour question, and the stereobtlcon shows on Sunday evoniugs, and all those other things that have been driving out tho blessed gospel of Jesus Christ I When ministers go Into preludes an current topics, how caa they expect any afterladcs of conversion," 