AMUSEMENTS, THEATRE ROYAL. "CALLED BACK." "Were it hot for -the capital character study of the political.spy Paolo Macari furnished us by Mr. George fiiguold, and the excellent acting of Miss Emilie Hughes as Pauline in "Called Back," sty led, weuope with a reservation,- the.most• powerful, realistic, and emotional drama of the age," we would be disposed to regret that it had .been exhumed from the dust where it has lam for some twelve year's. This dramatized version of Hugh Conway's iibvel, which created such a sensation when it was published, smells rather musty, like some of- the Irish dramas in -which thechangesarerungaponthe wrongs of Ireland. The plots and conspiracies for the regeneration oi Russia and the freedom of Poland and Italy scarcely appeal to Australians, who do not understand the -mysterious intriguings in dark, dingy garrets " between more or less slovenly garbed -foreigners with organfrindera-' • heads ' and much shrugging of shoulders. Certainly the gallery gods rather relisli the -lavish usci of the dagger and the lash characteristic' of this style of drama— the more ^ stabbing the more they stamp. Nevertheless therfe are stroug' points about "Called Back." .with its realistic presentment of '" the-Horrors of -Russian Rule" in large black type, and the grim tragedies interwoven with - the plot. The house assembled on Saturday night to witness the revival of this piece-was fairly good, and the play -was watched with attention, chiefly bscauss Mr. Rigiiold enacted the part of tho subtle: Scoundrel, "'- schemer, and ruthless wretch Macari -with such convincing force. The' murderous 'Macari. might easily be made astnelodr&niatic; as any groundling conld desire' by an actor of less ability and experience than Mr:"Rignold. , His Macari is as complete and distinct a study aS Mr. AVvberfc Reeve'S Count FORGO or Mr. Kyrle Beilew'sScarpia; inits individuality it stands ou-apedestal of its own. Mjss Emilie Hturhes found her. opportunity to make a profound impression : as Pauline March, who is driven mad by the'barbarous murder of her brother by Macari. • She had • some exceedingly trying-;situations -to sustain, situations in which "she. -acted with "an :intensity which convinced the audience of he capabilities. One of tho most thrilling- scenes xvasthatrin.nirhicli the'teatttiful Pauline came into the lodgings "of the. arch-plotter, Dr. : Ceneri; had. a terrible- interview with the fiendish Macari, a political spy; witnessed the knifing of jier brother: and "fell*senseless as Gilbert Vaugliaii, the /blind witness, entered. In this, and also .in the subsequent development, • particularly " the mad scene, which was "alitfcle reminiscent of Ophelia's, she was moat dramatically .effective. Mr. Sterling Whyte - WIIS cast as Dr. Ceneri, a conspirator, and his ! make-up reminded us of /a much-esteemed and popular Teutonic'm'embet ofth'e 'House bt Assembly. ^Ir. Why te--waulf! do himsSlf more justice if . ne would "not "atiopt such a lachrymose tone in dialog- neaiidrallup memories of the ghost in . " Hamlet.'- . .Tuere is a Lost ofcbaractecs, ineluding PetroEK,"'Bolskis, Varmaloffs,. Wol- .nyddSt'offare^^exhaotioa, and others of British type, but, they do "not call for special comment—tfife' interest revolves around Macari, Pauline, Vaughan (Mir. Diver), Ceneri. and his nephew SlarctOlr."!". Crosslev. We should •think. that .•'.CalLcjd • Back" 1 W01 draw -in the popalar parts of the . thM.trt>, The scenery is very good, notably tTie Sibenaa picture, which is by our old Mend Mr. Alfred Clint. 