The Rich and Idle. WHY NOT PUSSY CATS ? There are cults beside that of the horse —the cult of the cat for instance! Most interestingly are some aspects of it treated by a London paper. To it we (Herald) are indebted for some “cat notes"—In the “Ladies’ Kennel Journal.” This is the style of thing;— I have heard of the death of seveVal noted cals this month. “ Southampton Ghost” succumbed to a ball of hair in the stomach. Mrs. Green wood laments him deeply. Mrs. Harriot lias a fine young orange male coming on. “ The Seraph,” Mrs. Harriot's Chinchilla kitten, purchased at t he C.P. Show last year, has grown into a big, solid cat. Mre. Waldegravc Brodie evidently does not suffer from want, of buyers for her kit tens, as she wrote me, “ I sell my kittens almost, t oo rapidljvas some unborn are al ready sold."' She has put up a delightful cat(dry: BivK-flic whole cat story is by no means finished. Our contemporary (ells of an enterprising and discerning lady who “has bought a daughter of the well-known Tom Lsau.” Why Esau? we wonder. Anot her lady, Mrs. H. Woodhousc, is congratulated on her good fortune in possessing “ a litter of five blues from Lobelia, by Kingfuulor. ” After that, one is prepared to learn that there is a “births” column. One of the announcements is quoted thus: — Mrs, Cary Flwes’ Persian cat. Billing Sapphire, six blue kittens, by Lady Mar cus Beresford's Zulu,—August 22. I Now for a suggestion of the business side. Take the following paragraph : — The hon. Miss Montague has been most unlucky, she tells mo, with her cats this lastjtwo years, losing several with influenza. She has now a lovely lot of eight hand some kits, bred by t he famous Wooloomoo loo. Site is thinking of selling her litters and keeping only Mousie. The kittens arc priced at 85s each —quite a giving-way price, but Miss Montague says she must sell (hem. In what department of affairs nowa days will you not find “the dflarraing sacrifice ? ” We are told that there are pages of this cat business. Verily, man kind is a curious medley. A Pionkkk or tiik Ki.ondyk d. — As was to be expected. Klondyko will soon bo pro vided with a newspaper, and Chicago is to furnish the editor and (he plant. Mrs. Caroline W. Itowncv, of (hat city, is about to start for Alaska with a small press and the necessary accompaniments. She is a woman of middle ago, who has had consi derable experience in editing mining camp newspapers. She ran one at Leadvillc during the (lush days and another there later. She is an experienced traveller and is spoken of as not afraid of hardships. Sho expects; to print the first newspaper on t he goldfields, and hopes to do'something at mining also. Ax ICxTiarrmsixo Showman. — A cor respondent of the Manchester Courier re cords an incident connected with the duel between Prince Henri of Orleans and the Count, of Turin which, at (he time, it is said, greatly astonished both the principals. An American showman, evidently im pressed with the idea that the affair was to bo conducted on much the same linos as a certain memorable prize-fight which took place some time ago in Nevada, cabled to each of (he combatants an offer of .£10,000 provided (hat they would permit, him to have the encounter oinemato graplied, and added that, he was willing to increase the offer by a further sum of .£2000 if they would promise him a mini mum of 12 rounds. Tho showman's plan, of course, was t o exhibit the pictures iu all I he great cities of America, whore they would have boon a great attraction. For once in a way, however, the Count of Turin and Prince Henri were of the same opinion, and tho showman's despatches wore relegated to tho waste-paper basket. The weak point about tho story is that no showman would throw away X'-l-EOOO when a couple of fencers could ho hired for a few francs apiece to reproduce the Orleans and Turin fight, or to go through as many rounds as the cinematograph man might, require. Judoixo from an article in tho Scientific American, (hero is every indication that the licet sugar indust ry is destined to oc cupy a very prominent position among (he rural industries of tho United States. The unsatisfactory condition of agriculture, and tho rapidly increasing consumption of sugar, render tho question of beet sugar production of groat importance. The growth of the industry has been remark able ; in the Ion years ending in 1S9G Germany has increased her yield of beet sugar by 57 per cent.; in Austria-Hungary, the increase during the same period has been 01 percent.; and in France, it advanced to 108 per cent. The has been found to grow best average 70dcg. Kahr. A o i s 