IE DATE OF GlISTjlS. I ? * ? i The Birth of Christ was the divine event to ?which nil the history of' the world, as it is recorded in tho Old Testament, moved. That event was the culmination of one series or cycle of events, the Beginning of a now cycle. The j personal entrance of God into humanity, the visible coming of the Saviour who was to redeem i the world, the historical appearance of tho I Eternal Word in mortal flesh, the birth of I Jesus in Bethlehem of Judea, is the central fact ( of 'Christianity. That great miraelc makes I fwrlihlo. the miraculous. It fulfils the l)ro phecies of the Old Testament, which otherwise ?were falsified, and it makes the story of the New Testament real. The Birth of Jesus Christ is a pivotal event. ? Accept it as real, believe that the Son of God was conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary in the stable at Bethlehem, and the entire cycle of Christian truth bccomes clear, beautiful, harmonious, and credible. It is nevertheless the case that the early Christians did not think very often or feel very deeply about the 'Nativity. What was the reason ? It is not easy to give an answer con fidently, for it is not easy to understand very fully the inmost life and thought of the primi tive church in the first three centuries. The region, it i3 stated in the paper whence we are condensing this article,, was dim and misty : the systems of Christian doctrine were not yet elaborated. Not yet was tho order of church festivals established. Even the canon of Holy Scripture remained in partial uncertainty and confusion. But, unquestionably, the event in tho history of Christ most predominant in its influence, ?upon the thought of the early Christians was the Resurrection. That was to them the pledge and proof of His Messiahship, the assurance of their own immortality. His crucifixion was the consummation of His redeeming work ; ihey \- realised that He had died for their sins, and ?was raised again for their justification, and they ?were not curious to remember how He came into the world. It was enough for thein that He was there to be crucified on Calvary. Arid, moreover, their conception of Christ was domi nated by a sense of His divinity. All the Apostles, many of the other disciples, had seen Him ill His resurrection glory ; none had looked, upon the Babe of (Betlielehem. 'St. Paul, who preached Christ to the Gentiles, suiv Him on that memorable epoch in his own life when a splendour which surpassed that of 'the sun at noon struck him down in the way to Damascus. He dwelt naturally on the vision of divine majesty rather than on the lowly picture of a human infancy. And it may have ?been, too, that the early Christians feared to weaken their sense, of - Christ's exaltation by dwelling on the. idea of His humiliation.. Certain it is that during the first three centuries, of the Christian era, only one here- and 'there of the Church Fathers appears to realise that Jesus was truly bono of man's bone and flesh of his flesh. It is manifest also that they had no exalted appreciation of earth as a home. Their experience of it was the experience of a hard house of imprisonment, to which birth was the entrance, death the welcome door of escape. We need not wonder, therefore, that the early Christians did not think much about the Nativity or dream about celebrating Christmas. Regarding the entrance of the Son of God into humanity as an incident in the history of redemp tion, they did not yet see that He had to die bccause he had been born. True, some of the « Fathers did indeed — as men who were before (i their day— learn to think of the whole life of 1 Christ in its unity as a life for and with man, | crowned by a vicarious death and a resurrection, f For example, Irenrous says in a sentence which g holds the heart of Christmas — ' The Son of H God became a child among the children in order H that childhood should be made holy.' H At last, but not until the latter half of the g fourth century, the church at large began to feel §11 and to unfold the meaning of Christmas. ||| Emerging from, the gloom and storm of persecu M tion into Imperial favour, she saw that she had ||i a work to do here on earth in cleansing and l|i adorning human life with the beauty of holiness. S She began to see how immensely significant was III every incident in the history of her Lord, the Wm perfect pattern for man in every relation of life. Sill Opening her heart to the humanity oE religion, fil alio began to draw near to the humanity of h|l| Jesus, and to seek with eager interest for the llll day of tlis birth that she might consecrate it. j||f! , The day was not easy to find. There were scant means to direct the search. The Gospels Hr- supplied no clue. Oral tradition helped not. ?E Many and contradictory suggestions of the HH date were available, but no certainty could be KH reached. And therefore the church at length 9K chose a day on grounds of convenience and symbolic significance, and by common consent HB celebrated that day as Christmas Day. It is HH| probable that there was some connection HHghi the minds of men between the date (-nly accepted as the date 'of the Leiation and that of the creation of the That date was March 25, and a calcula adily gave December 25 as in the natural -lie date of the Nativity. And there is in tion with the fixing of that date a rful coincidence. It was in the northern ihere the beginning of the winter solstice, the world's natural darkness begins to and its light to grow. What more iriate day could be chosen for the appear f the Sun of Righteousness. ' Behold, ethren,' says St. Augustine, ' another ce of the wondrous fulfilment of Scripture, ihn the Baptist was born on June 25, the or solstice, when the sun begins to decline. Lord Jesus is born on December 25, Hie sun begins to ascend. And in this is ^ the saying ' He must increase, but I course the selection of the date of Christ i this way is ingenious and fanciful. It was i out of a difficulty as simple as the cutting of I irdian-knot. Yet the early Christians were itent on making history or in settling ?-lbgical science, and there is somewhat of lonal poetry in the selection of a date for ativity which brings it into harmony with ?'«' of nature, and expresses a belief in the inity of the life of Christ with the life . of wld. Creation ancL redemption, resurrce-, nd daybreak, . nativity and the return of. Conquered sun — these -are united iu the thought of God and the gratitude of inaji. Probably the shepherds did not watch thier flocks by night in tlie fields amid tho rigours of mid-winter. Probably December was not the date of the collection of the tax imposed by Publius. Yet every heart which feels the simplicity and the beauty of the Christian faith can join in the gladness of that Christmas Day which has been consecrated by centuries of holy joy, and which celebrates the issue of a ^ new light from the darkest and longest of the nights of earth. The earliest mention of the 25th of December as Christmas Day is found in an ancient cata logue of church festivals about 354 a.d. Aud it is surprising to see with what alacrity tne date was received and the Nativity celebrated throughout Christendom. It seems as if the world had been waiting for this festival of divine and human childhood; and was ready to welcome it at once with songs of joy. In the year 3(50 it was already celebrated in Rome by vast multitudes thronging the churches. Twenty years later, Antioch had taken it up with great popular enthusiasm. And in a little more than fifty years from its earliest suggestion, the observance of December 25 as the day of the Nativity had .become the general practice of Christians. St. Chrysostom, in a sermon preached at Antioch, called it the fundamental feast, or the root whence all other Christian festivals grow. 