CANADIAN GENERAL / AGENT. Mp. W. S. Larke's Notions. Federation in Canada. Mr. Larlte drow his earlier impressions from EngUiud, but lived long enough in 'Canada to know tlio history and understand tho foolings of. tlio poople, while in his residonco ltoro ho lias so'ott enough of New South Wales aud her people to make deductions aud draw comparisons which are \- just now of intorcst to us nil. Wo are appronchiug federation at tho present," rising towards it on a tido which — whatever tem porary provincial rulors may say— lifts all Aus tralia s people. Is our approach similar to that made by Canada ? " Not altogether," replies tlio representative of Canada, " not in sotno ways which I regard as ab solutely essential to satisfactory ndvaneo. You pay moro uttontion than tlio Canadians did to those wiio take the wean and 5if.nOF.NARy view. We had thoin amongst us prior to tho oloction Avliich established federation, and soma of tltoiii, with us us with you. were in high and iuiluontinl positions- They talked load and long in Ontario about tho loss which must fall toso rich and powor- f ul aState by an alhunco sueli as was contemplated with poorer" neighbours. Tlioy wprked diligantly .witli .'tliuir musk, 'rakcjs,but the people)', looked ' riglit'ovor their heads, and when tha liiiio ctimo, walked over thorn tuo, disdainful and triumphant. I was resident then ill tlio constituency of South Ontario, and the nrnilcnt party was- led by those who had boon dominant in tho Stato for yours. I Their ucrsuusivcncBs and their guilo secinod absoluti 'y unmutcliable. They preached on the old text of festina lento, they had- .' l'RUDENCE AND POLICY and solf-intereat for ever on their lips, but whon tlio time came the electors almost to a man took ' the . Turgor and the nobler view, ana sent tlio nation makers to thu top of tho poll." \- ' It is hinted that tyc could recall a recent and somewhat similar experience iu Now South Wales. We had somo very ardent prndentialisis (if the ' term is admissible) in New South Walas, and nt the Convention poll they were found in a very lowly place. Will not the history of that occa sion .be repented when the next and even moro important poll is taken '! Mr. Larkc is not- altogether sure. Oarappoal is not in all points similar to that of Canada. We are not sufficiently careful to emphasise the fact thnt tlio old idea of federation, implying also sepa ration, is dead, or to make it clour tliat one chief reason for the knitting in closer bonds our con geries of States is the Imperial interest anil pride which really lie at the li cart's core of the multi tude. Canadian statesmen clearly expressed this in the second clauso of their constitution. Tlicy proposed to fedurate for their own advanta and welfare and "in the interests of tho British Em pire." This- expression crystallised the best and mostenthusinsticsentimentof tlio people at thelimu federation wns accomplished, aud has now all tlio effect of a pledge SOLEMNLY GIVEN and dearly held. It is a matter for regret perhaps that so far there is no mention of this supreme mutter in tlio con stitution wc propose to uciopt ; nor is it altogether safe to say that if the sentiment exists its formal expression is a mutter of little concern. Creeds throughout the world have had much iufliieneo in both consolidating and establishing faiths, and this high Imperiarfaitli is not probably destined to be a matter of mean concern in the future of tho Britisli race. But let us hear what Mr. Larkc lias to say on the upuibuuu ui uuiiuuiaiJB uutr lUMurus Ji'uuruLiun &() complishcd, and its influence, or, more accurately, the profit or loss it lias made to tlio variouB StatCB. 'j .c auswer is clear. ONTARIO is tho State which the anti- federalists de clared stood to lose most, and nt the present mo ment (Ontario lias notjono anti-federalist within Her bopdors. --It is -felt' that to oite and all' there has'beoii great gain, und. no loss. Gain in noble national sentiment and in superior national posi tion ; real, tangible gain, as clearly shown in the attitude assumed aud ilia results achieved by 6IR WILFRID LAURIER in England. You havo but to compare his position there with that of any other Colonial Premier to recognise tho superiority a federated territory or continent has over independent colonics. \- OnoVenturcs to insinuate that there is some thing in the man himself, perhaps ; tliut some of the Australian colonics, our own included, hail a sort of mountebank representative at the jubilee. And this prompts Mr. Larkc to become enthusi astic on Sir Wilfrid Lauricr first, uml secondly on all bis countrymen of the old French strain in Uunuda. Tiioy are one heart aiid soul with their fellow colonists in national pride and Imperial enthusiasm. Their good will, which hus been bred and nurtured by long yeurs of honourable and con siderate treatment on the part ol those who were dominant in the State, and might have been tyran nical or overbearing, enables every difficulty to lie gpt over. Even that Mauitobau school question is practically settled. Here liie Canadian commissioner has a good deal to say about schools, and school management, and school teachers, and books and furniture. And listening one docs not become more enamoured of our own Stato schools. An Australian in Canada could not well bo enthusiastic about his own schools. But that, as has beeu said elsewhere, is anotht-r story, It is good anil, indeed, all-important just now to give publicity to the well-grounded opinions of a well-informed Canadian on the federation ques tion, and wc.liud but to breathe federation in the ears of Mr. Larkc toobiaiu all tho confirmation of high : JIOPES AND PROJECTS that can bo desired. "You require to lo/A: to the highest, tho best and tho noblest aspe-fis, and doing so you may with all safety put i'/jsc financial bogies aside as the fads' of little minds, us the figments of jxior imaginations, mistaken for realities and magnified into bulks that startle unreasoning or iticxperi- ' ene'ed folks into FITS OF FEAR and trembling., I know that tlio prudentialists' talk is very taking to common minds, and almost overpowei'ingly convincing to these of a mean strain, but the leaders ami champions of tho cause should bo tibio to mako it abundiuitly clear that all theso prudontinl ghosts lnivo been raised and laid before.- Onco got tlio truo' federal brcozo to blow, and tliuy will vanish liko morning mist. Onco get federation established, and tlioy will bo swopt away liko cobwolis. The rich, tlio prosporous, the wall endowed Staton will bo richer and more prosporous and still bettor, endowed by reason of tho widur, freor licia, aim lino larger opportunities, iuuuruimu via afford; And as tothe shnriwt'of responsibilities, do you iiiuvgino that conmimiitios of lionourablo men of olio blood will sipmbblo over thoin Jilto barbarian hordes over a division of spoils? Koop the flag of fade rat ion well aloft, with thu, Union Jnolc umnistukcalily abovo it. .Mako up your niiuds to federate first of all, and maintain that, ono single idea in the minds of the poople, and everything will in a little wliilo como right with you as witli lis." It is ahttoring and inspiriiij; just now to hoar such words as .these, ami their valua is iucrcasud tonfold by tlio fact tliat tlioy come from one who .lias soon and knows ; who speaks from the vuntago ground of tilings aeonmnlisliud, who lias shared in tlio establishment olsewlioro of all that wo propose here, ami who is ablo to say in all truth and sin cerity, " Neither I nor nny ono of my couiitrymon Tinvo ovor discovered tlio slightest rouson for re pentance or r on rot." 