THE STORY OF A SECRET i.- ' Monsk'ur SHvalo.wha was a bachelor, occupied rooms in the Rue Vlvlemie, on the second floor, and below hlin wns bis ui'iR)i1>or, Mine. Kvernrd, tho widow of a coluucl. The liidv'H rooms wore iron- t entity slieut, but one day M. Kllvido, ns he mounted the stairs, heard the voice of n flue soprano singing "La Norman- die." The gentleman rang at the door of the stage. His curiosity was awuk- umul. Mrn'e. Kvenird received him. " I fancy that tho unusual lias not escaped your uotlce," sahl the lady. "The singer Is Hie daughter of au old friend of mine." Then there was nn introduction, nnd M. Sllvuln paid his respects to u beautiful young woman. Madame said; "She is a very adven turous aud independent young lady. M. Sllvuln. When her father <lled. three years ago, leaving tier to face the world nloue, she adopted music as her profes- _ slon, and, not being appreciated lu her native place, Rouen, came up to Furls "And she will be famous some day," remarked Mi.KHvaln. "And maybe she will liiul a surer road to happiness through marriage," "if you consider marriage equivalent to hoppincHH. M. Sllvain. purdou me for nsklug how It is you ure still a bache lor?" "Mademoiselle. I must plead thai It is not my fault, but my misfortune. Con stantly occupied in my— uheutJ—olliehi! duties, 1 have had no leisure to think of matrimony, but I hope — " "Your official duties?" the widow in terrupted quickly. ."Then you have n I wist under the Government, M. Hit- vnlti?" "I—h'm— have occupied my present position for a huiiiIrt of years.madatae. l)o not let my presence prevent yon from (Iiilshlng that charming song, mademoi selle." "I see that you admire my young friend." said madume. when. the two .were chatting aside. "She Is adorable! Such a union of grace, beauty, and sweetness f have never seen." " You nntsl he n very acute observer to discover her angelic qualities after being only live minutes In her company. But perhaps you have heard something . of her history— though I don't know who can have told you.". He shook his head with a. smile. "Rcncc is the "duughler of Raymond DuviJllers, of Rouen." "l'huve heard of him, ihadame." "You have heard nothing to his credit, I fear," she remarked, shaking her head significantly. "He hegim life with every Hdvnntngc..hut after. squandering his fortune lie retrieved, It by .a . rich marriage, though, of course, he soon ran through all his wife's ihoimv. Af ter her. father's death, -Keuoe .'found among his papers a memorandum con cerning a certain M. Mulhleti, au ex- dancing master, of Furls, whom the captain had— swindled. Duvllllers bad managed to keep on tbe safe side of tlie Code. Well," she continued, "you piny, think bow shocked Ids daughter .was by (lie discovery. She never- rent ed fill, by means of advertisements in Farislan papers, site bad discovered her rather's victim and made restitution. She at once refunded tho greater part of jtlie.itiouey,:»iiil undertook to pay the rest in aiinual Instalments out of the pittance she had left herself, which she proposed to Increase by touching." M. Silvuhi coughed and changed Ids position abruptly. "And tills person— Mathleu— how could he accept the re paration, knowing that she hud reduced herself to poverty III order to — "lie did not know it. The. money was refunded through her lawyer, Mallre Ueiaumiy, of Rouen, in her father's, name. Deiuuimy was iter agent In the matter— solely against Ids will, as it deprived his sou of a fortune, for Renee was engaged to bn married to Maurice I Mammy, whom she had known from childhood, but. when alio in sisted on beggaring herself, the notary aud Ids wife peremptorily broke off the match.' . Her. companion shut his snuff-box with an. Indlgnnnt. snap. ; "You must have a poor opinion of my sex.miidame, if you think that beauty uud goodness such as hers , " , . "Kh, my good sir, you arc sadly be hind the times! But, hush!" she broke In, "Renee is coming back." .. "It Is strange," said Ilence, slowly ; 1 "your. face seems familiar to me. 1 can't think of whom it reminds me." . M. Nllvulu presently took his leave. When the Utile gentleman bud bowed himself out, Mine. Kvernrd turned to her companion and demanded abruptly, "Well, what do you think of my neigh bor?" "I think lie; Is charming, charming," she replied, with a droll Imitation of tils manner, "but he Is a living anach ronism. He ought to have been a func tionary of the vlellle com-, instead of a clerk under the Republic." "In fact, Renee, you have made a con quest. He can't be much over CO. It Is the prime of life for a man. lie Is rich, good- natured, aud good mannered; occupying!), it iippimrs, a responsible post under tin? Government— let me tell you, Renee, that such a match Is not to be despised by a girl In your position." "Ferluips nut," she acquiesced, mildly; "but as 1 happen to be already engaged to Maurice Dchiutmy " "Did you not tell mo that the en gagement had been broken off by his pimple three y cat's ago?" "Yob— but not by himself. He would have married ine In defiance of them, but I told him that 1 would not be his wife till— til! I had fulfilled my task and cleared my father's name of the.stniu of dishonor." "And do yon thluk he will wait for you?", her. friend questioned, with n cymcniiy. compassionate smile. She answered, softly, "I am sure of his fidelity. 'Work, wait nnd trust,' that Is my motto." As she crossed the Pont _ Neuf next .'duy.Reueu jniused for n moment to drop a contribution" Into the leathern wallet of un old, . wuodcu-lcggetl soldier, fn- mlllarly known to Parisians by tho soubriquet of Pere.Joveux, Foi more yean) tlmn any ono cared to count he had bAuiited the same sheltered corner near the .end of the bridge. . "Cdltis'o iiiiy sort were not very plen- '9 .11 ful with Renee, , , "My little lady, you have given me n silver piece; dhl you kuow?" "Yes, I have no coppers. Is It not a good one?" she asked.. "Quite 'goo<l, nnd n new one, too! I shall keep It for luck," he replied, nnd he broke Into the time of "Moualeur et Madame Denis." , Honoo found herself humming tho re frain of the foolish old song ns she went her way. Her, heart thrilled with the longing. to see/ Maurice again; to hear onto more tlie dear, familiar voice which to her was tlie sweetest music the .world could give. "Renee!" She paused with a. start at the speak er/ . It was Maurice himself. "Renee, -don't- you1 know mo ?" he questioned. "Oil, Maurice, Is It really you?" wns all she cAhld flbd to say, "I had uo Idea you. were In. Paris.' .. ' "Nor : has: anyone else/' he replied. "And how. has the world been using you) sweetheart, since we parted a year ago?" ho went on.; "Fairly well, though, to tell the truth, I flml the road to micees steeper than 1 expected." "Why will yon not give me the right to, help you, Renee?" ''I have put ulv hand to the plough, and I must not rook back," she rejoined, with a serious sinlle. Vis It no hardship that ymi should he wearing out your youth iu toll and pov erty lo atone for you father's fault?" Then the sound of n church . clock striking tlie hour made Kcnee start. Twelve o'clock! You have beguiled ine into forgetting all my pupils," she exclaimed. "I must go now." "I intend to spend Now Year's Day with you," sflhl Maurice. "Till then, good-bye, sweet love. I leave my heart In your keeping." "As mine is In yours;" she whispered its they parted. II. 'It wns the last day of the old year. For the first time mi record M. SIlvalu bo far departed from his usual habits us not to leave home till afternoon. " Ami he was dressed like a prince, mndamc! A brand new overcoat, with a fur collar, and a bat you could sec your self In. I was to give his compliments, and say that be woitld havc the honor of wultlng upon you ut four o'clock, wltcu he boissl to find Mile. Rcuec also ut homo," Huld Martlie, Mme. Edward's maid.. . ... Meanwhile, her . fellow-lodger, walk ing with his most juvenile step,- -crossed the river, ulong the boulevard, to tbe Faints Royal, where he entered a flor ist's shop, nnd purchased, at a fancy price, u -superb bouquet ot-bot-liouse roses. After n stroll through the brilliantly- lighted arcades of the Palais, he turned toward home, which he ranched shortly before four o'clock. "Tlie ladles are In the anion," Marthe told him;. "there Is a visitor with theui, a friend of mademoiselle, who has Just arrived." ; . . "Very good," lie answered, absently. Tbe old 'bachelor's 'cheeks were flush ed; and his heart bent fast as he ap proached the door of the sitting-room. It was partly open, und as lie paused, vat, he heard a sound of laughter with- lu — Ucnee's musical voice mingling with the deper tones of a man. Oh the hcurth, opposite to him, stood Renee, flushed and radiant, look ing up Into the hhndsohie bronzed face of a tall, dark-nyeil young fellow of three or four and twenty, who had Im prisoned both her bunds in bis own, while bis other arm, from which she wiis laughingly endeavoring to disen gage herself, encircled her waist. "Let ine go. sir; don't you see that Mine. Evorurd looks quite scandalised?" she exclaimed, glnuelng ut Muie. Kvernrd, whose face expressed the most, unqualified disapproval. "It Is -at you, then, not at me!" he declared;, "Madame ts naturally aston ished .that you should object to be re- Kjs'ctfully saluted by your fiance— so!" and suiting tlie action to. the word, be belli and kissed her. M. Silvaln started as if ho hud heen struck, and hastily 'drawing back, be fore any one liad perceived Ida pres cribe, turned from the door. "Make niy compliments to the Indies, and say that us they have n visitor I will not lutrude this evening, " he said, and walktsl away. Nafcly locked In. his own room's, he stood for a moment looking vaguely round, like' one waking from n d ran in, (hen, becoming conscious of the roses In ids hand, he flung them from him with a passionate ejaculation, and sluing down at the table, let his head fall on Ids folded arms ami cried like a child. Then there came a gentle knock at his door, nml he opened it. "I am. come to scold you. M. silvnin." said Renee, with her sweet smile. "Miirthe tells us that you refusml to come. hi because we had a visitor. Surety you did not think you would he Intruding? M. Delaumiy wishes to he introduced to you. I ought to toll you," she added, shyly, "that we— that we are engaged, though our engngeiucut has not the sanction of his family, and— ytm artMiot III, M. Rllvnlu?" .He shook Ids' head, smiling con strainedly. "No, uot ill, 'only a little low-spirited." "1 .aui very sorry," she said, gently. "We have, all .our troubles— you have yours also, my' child, hnvo you not? But you are young, und in youth, 'though sorrow may endure Torn night, joy comelh with. the morning.'" "My 'morning' seems still fnr off'," she answered, with a smile und a slgli. "Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend/Goodnight." "Until 'to-morrow" she cried. lie watched her out of sight, then stood for u moment on tlie landing, looking down, deep In thought. When he raised Ids' face It laid rccoverwl Its usual serenity, and wore n look of resolution which gave it u new dignity. "Yes," he muttered, "I will do It; 'she shall be bnpiiy. And as for mo —well, I shall be uo worse off thuu I was for merly. AUons!" Daylight was waning when at last Renee aud Maurice turned tliclr faces homeward. Half way across tlie Pout Neuf, Renge; paused with a regretful exclamation. "I quite forgot Pore Joycuxl" "Who Is he?" her couipuulou de manded. . ' "An old pensioner of mlnn: n crippled fiddler who ulwuys plays on tlie bridge. There he- is, ou the other side. Let us cross over."- "Never mind now, Renee; it Is getting dark, and beginning to snow nguln. Give him something to-morrow." "But this is New Year's Day, and It seems unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look, he has seen me— he- Is looking so wiotfully! Stay mere, I shall not he it moment." The ronrt was slippery with fresh- fallen snow, and when half way across the girl's foot slipped. She mnde a vain effort to recover herself, and fell Just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which cniue thumlerlng along, drawn by two powerful' horses. The driver, on his high perch, did not perceive what had hupixmcd till the bystanders uttered u warning shout, which won echoed by a cry of alarm from Maurice, as he bur rlcd .to hbrmwlstanee. ' " p<ire joyeux,, who .had heen watching her movements, flung his vlollu aside, nnd before Maurice could reach tho spot, he had snatched her literally from under, the horses' hoofs. , "What nn escnpol" Maurice. gasped, "Are you hurt, Renee?" "No, no; .but where Is Pore Joyeux, Who has' saved my life?'' she asked, anxiously looking around. Then Rcuue saw -the .figure - of her old fricud stretched Insensible upon tho asphalt. The ifext - moment a pollcemnu ; ap proached, and after a few brief in quiries, , which Maurice answered, per emptorily dispersed tho lookers ou aud hailed a passing carriage,. glvlug the order : "To tho Hotel Dlcu." "Is he sorlously hurt?'.' asked Renee, wheu she went to.thc hospital. "Ho Is dying," wns tho grave reply. "You are surprised nt the change In his uppenrnnec'r the surgeon remarked In riti uu'dertoue; "lie had been wearing a false beard, nnd without It he looks quite, a' different man. It Is possible tlmt fie—-" - "Is she there?" the puticut asked faintly. , "1 am M. Bilvuin to you," he said when they were alone; "but your father knew me as Klhalu Mathleu." "What! It was you whom my father wronged?" she faltered. ' "Dear child, you buve repaired tlie wrong aud left me your debtor," he gently replied. "You know what Was formerly my profession? I was n dancing mnsler; I met with nn acci dent and became u cripple. 1 hud little money. I lost It In a speculation. I had the tmitirul Instincts of the vaga bond. I became the street musician. I am the Pero Joyeux. Do not look dis tressed. It was a life Just suited to me. I could be a gentleman at times— as M, Hllvalu. 1 hud not us manv friends as Sllvain as I hud us 1c Pere .Joyeux. 1 loved yon nn a daughter when you first put money In my baud. But there is more thnn that." Rcncc kir.Hed the hurt num. He continued : "The false beard nnd the wooden leg made nil the difference to some— but uot to you. Yes. kiss me again," nnd with the ghost of his for mer gallant, manner lie raised Reiiec's hand to Ids lips. Rcuce wits sobbing. "IIusli," he Interrupted gently; "what hotter fortune can I have than to save your life and secure your hap piness? Rcuce, you will find a parcel in my. desk, directed to yourself. I re store your gift, dear— us I meant to have done— If I hud lived. There is no obstacle now hctwecu you— and— your lover. God bless you IkMIi. How dark It grows— nnd cold! Do not he sorry for me, dour— 1 nni quite content", he continued, with a tranquil smile.- "Quite content," he repeated; aud with tiie smile on his lips lie died. On the afternoon of their wedding day, before starting on their journey in to Normandy. Renee and Maurice cross ed the Pout Neuf once more, to pay u lust, visit lb Peru Joycux's old iuuin't. "l am-giud no one 1ms taken his place," Renee said softly, after a inoj ment' "It-would seem almost like dese cration.- I fancy I cnu still hear the sound of his vlollu!" . Maurice looked down nt her tenderly. "Yen," she concluded with a liuppy smile, " Sorrow endured for a night, hut Joy hus come with the morning!''— "New York Times." 