Local and' General News. Jumi.eu Month. — J. F. Davioa bogs to announoo to tho public that ho will offer tho whole of his stock of Gonoral and Furnish ing Ironmongery nt a groat reduction. Call, floo, and oxamino prices. Further partloulftts later on,— J. F. Dames, Ironmonger, itc. > jsiTons to iJundaborg should inspeot tho windows of J. E. Robinson, tho > rccogni/.ed jeweller and watchmaker, who is now show ing somo now nnd protiy > linos in clmttolaino watches, and morocco lenthor pursos and card casos with > waloh combined ; nlao, eomo gold motto nnd plain brooches for engraving, > suitablo for birthdny presents. Suporior gold nnd silver watobes. Famous > Burnett vvatob, £1; lovers, 85/; ladies' oxodizedand eilvor watches from £1; > all guaranteed and oxnmincd before leaving bis noted establish ment. Special > valuo in gold engagement, keeper, and wedding rings, direct from the > manufacturers. Splondid assortment of eight day clocks, alarm olooks, at > Brisbane prices. Speetaclos to suit all sights, sun glasses nnd ova > prosorvors; sight tosting free. Call and inspeot his stook, without doubt > tho bost solcotlon in town. Tub Queensland Model Dairy, Fresh Food Ieo and > Storage Co.. Ltd., pack thoir butter In 15tb, 28lb, audCGlb boxes. Quality > unsur passed. Mr. W, Byng Ken wick, it member of tho well-known hollowwnro > manufacturers, Messrs A. Konwick and Co. of West Brom- wicb, Birmingham, has > been spending a short visit in town as tho guest of Mr. Murphy, manager Q. > N. Bank, and roturns to Sydney, ca roufu to Now Zealand, this morning. > During his stay ho has been driven round tho scrub by his host, inspecting > Millnquin Refinery, Fairymead, and Mon. Repos. From what bo has scon of this > district, ho is charmed with its climatic advantages, and expressed surpriso > at tho progress mado in cultivation Ac. during its short history. Mr > Kcnnick, wo may add, is a nephew of the Rt. Hod. Josoph Chamberlain, > Principal Secre tary of Stato for tho Colonios. His Grnco Archbishop Dunno > will, wo learn, avail of bis visit to Gbilders to btoss and opou tbo now > Cutholio Church noxt Sun day, and to hold on the same dato a confirmation > Eervice. Intending candidates for this latter are expected to meet at the > Church noxt Saturday at II a.m. for examination. His Grace and two or more > priests will be In attendance during both afternoon and even ing on > Saturday, and an early moss at 8 a.m. will bo celebrated for the convenience > of intendlog comuiunioauts on Sunday. Tbe ceremony of the day will commence > at 10 R.m,, viz., blessing the new Church, colobru- tlon of mass, and tho > administration of the Sacrament of Confirmation. In the ovonlng thcro Will > also bo Rosary; and sermon at 7.30 p.m. During the service of the forenoon a > soleot choir from St. Mary's Churoh Bunda berg will render tho mass music, > and in tho evening 11 Tho Holy City," "Calvary," and other hymns will bo > sung. With fine weather, it is expeoted that the attendance will bo ex- cellent. air. and Mrs. \acbcr havo, wo learn, kindly lent an excellont organ for tbo occasion, at which Mjss Kcano, of St. Mary's will preside, while Mr J. K. Goombo will bo tho cooductor. Lines for this day.— A known fact that goods aro being slaughtered. White shirts, 2/G, tweed bats 8d at J. S. Cgllxnaxe's In reference to the grand concert Mrs Gilbert Wilson is to givo in the Queens' Theatre on Friday night it may bo of much interest to intending patrons of Gilbert Wil son's grand concert in tho Queen's Theatro, on Friday night, to know a little of the pos ition In the musical world of the artists who aro assisting Mrs Wilson in her venture. Of tbe lady artists, — Miss Nellie Ewart is tbe only other lady ' vocalist nnd is a great favourite. Miss Ewart has only of Into been persuaded to sing in publio and her success in Ipswich recently was ail that could be wished for. Miss Katie Rick- ards, solo pianisto nnd accompanist to the party Is in tho front rank of pianists In Bris- bnno and is recognised as a lending nccom- panisto. Miss Richards is at present ooo of of the pianists of the Brinsmead Concerts being held in tho Queensland Exhibition. Mr J, F. Collier, tenor, is almost n new ar rival to Brisbane, having arrived from Tas mania some twelve months ngo. His fino voice and pleasing style, quickly secured him engagements, and ho was elected as " prime tenor of the Exhibition Concerts. Mr C. J. Bottor, rightly called the favourite baratone, is so much in demand in Brisbane that it Is quite & common occurrence for him to be en gaged to sing at 2, 3, and sometimes 4 con certs io one evening. Mr D. B. H'Swaioe, basso, 13 au old time Liedertafel soloist and has done much good work in the city. Watche3 from los each ; famous Burnett Watch 20s. — J. E. Robinson, Watchmaker." For tbe best Farms, Sugar plantations, residences, shop3, and allotments at Childers, and allotments at Cordalba, those who are in search sbonld consult with Mr. W. M. John son, Auctioneer, <ko.t of Childem. The nucleus of a small zoological establishment' under tbe proprietary of tbe t\vj fathers ba3 just disappeared and, like 'thi> 'clamorous theatrical band when the ghost doea'nt walk, basted the whole show. This has notefercnco to a civic beargarden for with the newncts of the local governors of Bunda berg, that institution has likewise disap peared ever since,— well, for some time. And now tbochairman of the Works Commit tee Is pensively nursing an unspeakable grief. H. J. Barton recently presented the Gardens with a peacock— a remarkable fine bird, of de cided bias towards neighbors' cabbages. The donor, probably a sufferer by this avian fraility thoughtfully accompanied toe gift, witn some wiro Dotting for a proper peacock honse, and whilst Aid. Danno was prospering for a mate to mako his acquisition happy, ho pconed tho bird in an enolosaro fenced about seven feet high. But tbo peacock has hopped theso twigs and flown and anyone encountering Bcmeis earnestly desired to communicato with the Town Clerk without loss of time. It Is as well to add that a very old Roman law, un- repealed our legal editor advises, made it erimlnal for aught but Emperors to dine off peacocks brains. Verb. »ap. Gold Watohes. — Largest stook of suporior WAtobcs for ladies. Prices to salt tho timos. J. E. Robinson, (certificated) Watchmaker. On Saturday noxt Messrs. G. F. Lyons and Co., hold somo vory Important sales at their rooms, Targo-streot, including Mr. John Bortwistle's Bundaberg and Childors town properties, wbjob aro rent producing, over 8 aeres, with dwelling, &c.;, Branyan Road, and 4 choice sites raarino townshjp near Ocean Hotel ; also a highly finished stylish dog'cart, harness, poultry, farm Implements, furnlturo and cffcots, dro. t( Charles Hy Haywood." Whilst agreeing entirely with tbo sentimont, your letter should bo addressed to tbo OomnjUteQ. The Distriot Oourfc, iu its criminal jurisdiction, opens to-morrow morning, bis Honor Judgo MUlor presiding. Eleven cases aro sot down for hoarlng, as follows : — James Wakofiold, embezzlement, Bundaberg ; Potor James Niool, horse-stealing, Eldavold ; Robort M'Donald, alias Gyell, cfias Steele, laroeny, Eidavold ; Charles Doyio, horse-stealing and larecny (two cases), Eidsvold; John Ilart, Thomas H. Brookes, and Robort Berry, cattle-stealing, Childers; Matilda Peterson, larceny and receiving (four casco), Bunda- civil side, two appeals nnd two actions will bo heard ; tho former being T. Roidy v. A. E. Avencll, detention of a horse, in wliioh de fendant was ordered to dolivcr tho horso, or in dofault pay £6 ; and T. Kilpatrick v. I. S. and E. \V. Crow, whorp a vordiot was given defendant on n claim of £10 for damages for detention of a pair of wheels. Tho suits arc E. Boyle v. Ghas. Holmes, £1G2 Is., bnlanco of contract and extras ; Niels Laurtson Rosen- lund v. Geo. Harbour, £73 19s. 6d., monoy lent on orops and promissory note. llembors of tho craft aro reminded that to-morrow ovonlng tho officers of Mul- gravo Lodge will bo in&t;&llod; Ijy tho Provin cial Deputy Grand Master ; and to-night the installation of tho W.M., Tyrian Chapter, takes place. To both funotlons, members of sister lodgos and visiting brethren, aro cordially Invited, Tho looal notifications in tho last number of the Government Gazette deal with tho reoont transfers of teachers in tho Edu cational Dcpartmont. In' addition to the changes already announced In these columns, wo soo Mr. Thomas Hogan suooeods Mr. T. E. White at Gooburrum, ' Hat Pins. — Tho latest novelty. All letters.— Moelood and Co., tho loading jowollers. Tho Boireo, to bogivon by way of reception to the officers of the Grand Lodge, L.O.L., oomes off la the- Queen's Theatro, undor . tbo auspices of "William's- Own" Lodgo, ibis evening. Being tho . first occa sion upon whioh tho annual sessions of tbo Order has bcop bold 'In this district, overy effort will 0 put forward to make, the "func tion a.. pronounced success, and no doubt Of Tho nnmmlHmnt lijt tho (jovorn- inont of JCUOO I1119 boon received by tbo l'olynos- Inn Inspector, Mr 11. St. G. Onaltclld, (or np- nortionmont amongst tho different Molanosian Missions." On Monday last tho labor vessel Holona had her hull thoroughly overhauled by Pilot Nloli, on tho northern bank, and eho tuny olftitn to bo tho first of her class that has sitaooedcil in effecting this without bolng (dipped. Pilot Nicll, recognizing tho exponBo that would bo incurred in putting hor on tho slip iu Maryborough, perhaps,— and as it provod in tho scqnel— unnecessarily, mado nrrnngoments for floating hor on a gridiron. Theso woro carried out undor Ills supervision, In a mnstorly manner, and answered tho pur pose eminently. When tho vessel was high and dry at low tldo on Monday aftornoon, he mado a careful examination of tho hull. Everything was found right and tight, oxccpling a Rinnll pledo of coppor had boon somped off tho bottom. ThlB was sot straight ; ballast takon In by Captain Dolg yesterday, and tho vessel will again bo' anchored mid stream to- day. Lines for this day. — I oases blaok nun's voiling 7Jd, worth 1/0.— J. 8. Ooi.unane's Whonovor our Gorman citizons throughout Australia undortako a ball, it means a thoroughly enjoyable night for all attending. Tho hosts exhibit a warmth of hospitality and gonuino feeling towards tboir guests not visible at soma of tho othor func tions— especially about suppor timo, Our looal oousins from tho Futhorland aro deter mined not to bo a whit behind in this respect, and promiso thoir guests a high old timo at their plain add fanoy dress ball on tho 21st Instant. One of tho good points of advertising is to address tho snuio pooplo over and bvor again. ! or instance; suppose you woro introduced with 606 others to tho Governor, tho chances aro ho would not remember you. But if you had an opportunity of seeing him again nnd said." Your Excellency, lam Charles Wols- loy, of Ootioordoo. Tho Hon. so-and-so did mo tho honor of introducing mo to you," nnd you did this two or tlxreo times, ho would bo sure to remember you. And. so It is with tho gigantic clearing salo of Buss and Tumor's in tho promises of tho lata firm of G. Barko 'nnd Co. Tho prices aro so ridiculously low that thoy intend keeping this unprecedented sale constantly under tho notico of tho publio. John Woathorston, of tho Hotel do Boson, has filed a debtor's potltion in insol vcncy with the Registrar, Mr. H. M. Chal- linor. Shareholders aro reminded that tho adjourned meeting of tbe proposed Co-opera tive Dairying Company will bo held in Curtis and M'Intosh's rooms Saturday morning, at 11.80 o'clock. b At tho Polioo Court on Monday last beforo Mr T. Mowbray, P.M., Willlo, a South Sea Islander, for inebriation was find £2 in dofault seven days. In tho Small Debts Court case, Thomas Kilpatrick v. I. S. and W. E. Crow, heard at tho end of last week boforo Messrs John Cran and Jamos Drinan ana in woiou piamuu claimed £10 damages for tho destruction of two dray wheels, judgmoqt was entered for defendant with costs £2 13s. Mr Hamilton for plaintiff and Mr Thorbarn for defendants. Wo publish to-day tho first of a series of teobanical articles on Steam Boilers written for tho Mail by Mr Thomas 0. Child, M.I.M.E. Government Marino Engineer. As ho expresses it "I think these a necessity in Bundaberg whore so many bailors aro em ployed and some of them aro in tho hands of unskilled men nt considerable risk to life. Especially too is tho information needful , when not a fow are getting worn out through tho uso of unsuitable water." To tirom m and others lacking proviou3 oxporlenco much will bo fonnd of a valuable nature, whilst the articles also contain useful hints tho trained mechanical engineer can profit by, Lines for this day.— 60. pieces Jubilee Dress Materials, in all shades, to clear nt 3/11 doz. — J. S. Gulunane's. In this issue Moi3rs. Curtis and M'lntosb, Ltd., ndvortise for auotion next Saturday a compaot, fertile farm of 40 aoros of scrub laud with good improvements nnd situated olose to town and a railway Station, nt tho very low upsot price of £150, and on oasy tonus. Also an allotment in Eiectra-streot, near Targo-street, at the low upset of £37. Notwithstanding tho sharp cold the the past three nights, excepting at Childers, there has been nothing more than a coloring of frost in town and distriot ; this being mainly due to tbo high winds prevailing. On Monday night, tbo thermometer dropped to 44.1, the lowest, so far, this year, but cariy this morniog tbe mercury had reaohed this limit, and was still falling. The concert and sooial at Seaview Mill, on account of tbe Sandhills State School, comes off to-morrow night. Special arrange ments have been made to oonvey visitors from and to town. A meeting 13 to bo held in tho Presbyterian Gbnroh to-morrow night to form & Mutual Improvement Society. It is announced in our business criumn3 that the amalgamation of the National Mutual Lifo Assurance Society of Australasia and tho Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria has been completed, and Mr. Adam M'lntosh, who conducted the local business of the former company, evidently to the satisfaction of all ooncorned, for the past few years, will, for tbo futuro, ropre3ent tho joint associations in Bundaberg. You can save 10s in tho £ by purchasing your drapory at J, S. Cullinane's. We are informed that, tho Marian Oeatral Mill has startod working on oano that is affeoted by grubs, and that Nlndaroo will start crashing within two weeks on cane similarly affeoted. Homobush, Habana, and tho North Eton and Racecourse Central Mills will not commence operations till nnxt month. , — Mercury. A vory pleasing function took placo lastnfght at tbe.ralnco Hotal, when n num ber of members of Court Merry Men, A.O.F. entertained their Secretary, Mr. A. e' Murphy, who Is about to bo married, nt ii smoko concert. 0.11. Dro. M'Ginloy presided, nnd In n fow folicitous words announced tho renson for tho gathering, nnd then presented Mr. Murphy with n linndsomo nnd valuable set of cutlery as a recognition of his long- sustained efforts for tho advancement of local Forestry. The rcoiplont feelingly re sponded, acknowledging tho spirit whiclr prompted tho notion ot tho members. An hour or BO was spent in harmony nnd tho gntheripg dispersed. PmtsoNs who wish to 'borrow money nt reasonable rates of interest, tind with low In cidental ohnrgos, should call on Mossrs. Curtis and MIntosh, Ltd., who havo clioats ready to mako immediate advances on free hold soourity. In our business oolurqng it is notified that tho Lady Musgravo will tow tho llio Logo dona to tho Hoods at tho end of tbo wcok and plantors and others with roturns aro dcsiroil to got tho boys aboard nt onco. Oapt. Bponoo visits both groups this trip. Tho Govornmont agent is expected on Saturday night and tho vessel will pass out to sea either tho following Monday or Tuesday, Weddino PaEsesis— A groat varloty at J E. BomssoN's in sliver and clootro-nlatod waro ; spoons and forks,- Tbo Ilopo-of Poaoo Lodgo, I.O.G.T, met as usual on Mondny night, tho G.T., Itro. Williams, presiding. Aftor tho routlno busi ness, tho mombers woro invited, In uccorilnnco Willi tho prognunmo, to stato tho reasons whioh led thorn to affiliate with Good Tern- plnry, Tho Sisters without oxcuption avowed tho highest philanthropic motives, while somo of the Brothers, for conscience's 'sake, nd. mlttcd tho prosonco of somo less unselfish principle. It was felt to bo a great pity that so many of our most ostimablocitlmms should Btand aloof, and ho oontont to wntoh from n distance tho efforts of this Uttlo lodgo to givo offeot to tho prinolplos which thoy cordially espouse. Besides, tho advantages of mom. borahlp aro many nnd oxcoilont. Tho lodgo fa n benevolent- institution nnd sooinl oiub combined, Tho moral ntmosphoro is puro and stimulating. All who need sympathy aiid encouragement, and all who aro disposod to givo thomj nro wolcomed. Good Totnplhry has go nqtlpathios. Tho hrowor .itnd pub. licnn hayo special invitations.- For nmuee- monton Monday night, n parlor game. with tho paradoxical title " Disappointments," wns staged. To suit tho thormoniotor, a coiled Bupper wiU be suhatlluted next week,— Oou- Mb.NICaTED, . 