NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL t THE .BUSY MAN'S COLUMN The Ptriko of engineers Is extending In England. Men of Koltou atid Not- tbiglmiit have also gone out. Very serious Hoods reported from Silesia, 'hi South Germany. Great loss of life and much daiuage to property oecttsloned. The trial of Tllalc, a member of tlie Bombay Legislative (vouueil, on u charge of sedition. Is creutlng 'luteuse excitement In the presideney- 'British Gove'rnniont at, hisr making an important move its regards Civic.. . It luts despatched four hiindred Welsh Fusiliers to the ishitid, with stores and provisions. A "ghost' has turned up at Brighton, frightening some of the residents. It is cvldeutly of the ordinary suburban lype of spectre, amenable to exorcism at the hands of the iKtlice. Kerr (the New South Wales amateur champion) and Goodson (the amateur champion of Australia) defeated in the competitioii for the llalf-mlle World's Amateur Championship, at Glasgow. The Chief Justice to-day sanctioned the proposal of the reiluetiou of the capital of Howard Smith and Sons Ltd." from T.I .000,000 to 1.250.000. . The lip- plicntlon was made by Mr Topp, In- siructt'd by Mr W. II. Cmker. t It is announced by ciblt lhat slnuil- tuneottsly with the demtnefntion of the coinmerelal treaty between Garni Rii- tniii and Germany, the British authori ties were oixming up negolhiUoitH for the formation of a . new treaty with the Germans. Lambeth Conference decides that the title of Archbishop shall 1x> conferred upon the Metropolitan Anglican Bishop of Sydney mid I'rimale uf Australia. l>r Saunuirez Smith will, coiisequeully, be the Jirst . Angllcau Archbishop in Australia. ' Copies; of the report of the speech, of the Atilng-rrender on . the . Comiubn- " wealt h llirure to be forwanlcil to 'all tlie bninches of the A.X.A., the - Me- ehaides' ustittites, the municipal eotin- cils, jtgiienUm-.il Huciutles, and .011101' Institutions. The wrecked steamer, Tasnuiidn; lies three miles olt shore on .the, point of a charted 'rock, on an' apparently safe course, with llfteen fatlioms of water all ivtiud her. The. vessel Is upright, and ten feet of her masts nru'showlng above water.' Alt utiusunlly large crop of '"drunks" before the City Court this morning, lu- cludiug many wiio hud prcyiuusly been reaped by the vigilant "police. Inipri- soument, lines, and dlseburges were ' allocated, 'uceordlng to the- respective demerits of the bibulous unes. The question whether the. Bank of Victoria was authorised to. realise on Mr > Geurge. Bird's life policy is' involved lit an action which is now before the Su preme Court. Mr Bird takes exception to- the action of the bank. aml claims L1000. and the return of his policy, Mr Miii'tidcm one of the senior arclib teets of the Puldie, Works department, rldk-nles the theory " set: up . that the lire at. the , Victoria l'ark .Stale School was. canned by.- light ning. lie Is satisfied from Ids inspection that the contlaginUon did hot originate In that way, and thlnka the pollco should make -further inquiries. When the case of Bird v. The Bank of Victoria was culled on in the Su preme Court this1 morning. Mr Justice llnlroyd mentioned .that, he was a shareholder -lit the. hnnk, but was per sonally Indifferent dip the matter.' Mr M'Artliur. eouiisel- for. the ptiiintilT. said (bat Ids client bad no objection to Ids Honor trying tlie case, though he did not desire to force the Judge litlo hearing it If ho did not wish' to do so. , Mr Ptirves, on tnc other side, praised no objection, 'and his Honor, -decided to proceed wlth. the trhil.' ' -' v . The reven'tiwof tile .Cttsloms Depart ment lias for a chiislderahlo tlme piist h(eu sho\vliig,a Ktendy a!td very, grati fying dihproveineiiL;'/. !l'lio . gross ' re venue-- collected -during tlie moiilli of' iuiy. amuiuited '-lo L1U7,nuS, inclmllng Lll.nttt excise Iteer duty. - , Thc draw-' liaeks. etc., amounted (0 L1Jt.-l2-i, whleJt leaves the uetrevcuuuoftliedepartmeut LlS-l.l-l-1. This -sum exceeds the est I- mate lty-Lr»,111, and the revenue of the . previous month, by IJ18,S7B. It. is also 1JMH2 In excess. of the net revenue of July laitt year. Dr, Wollnston, 011 be ing asked how this very satisfactory In crease is to be accounted for simply smiled genially, and remarked laconi cally, froliirtiiiig prosperity and Impro vement in trade generally." The delKife in committee on the Arts- tialiiiu t.'ommonwenlih Bill will bo re 'Uinicd In the Legislative Assembly to morrow afternoon. Mr Deakin has given notice of a new clause, providing hv th<> dissolution of the Senate. The amendment reads as follows:— B. If the Senate reject or fall to pass any pro- I' cd law which has pn-sed the Ilotiseoi' Kepiwonthtivop or pass the same with amfmlmmus with tvldeli the House «f lb .'prLveutativcs will not agree and if the G.ivi.«rno'r sliouhl' on that account dis- si.lve 1 he House of Representatives, ami it after 'the raid dlssohtiioii the House cf Ib- preeiitaUvcs agalu pass the said ;ni Jaw in tlie same or Mtbstan- daily t5n>«s:ime form as before and the j ::- an'.e :umln reje<i or fail to pass the.! s-.iiit piopcsiSl law or pass the suiuo I wiili ameudmcms Willi which the I Ihm-e of Represeuialves will, uot | rgtee the Governor uiay dissolve the 1 Becat 0 il Ben Tlllet in Syduey. Wurmlv wel comed by tin trades, The third of the series of articles— letoria uud Its MIuun, by Au Kxpert— is published on this page to-day. For having mi light on his bicycle at night, Wiu. Marlemout was lltasl 2k tkl, with lis 01 costs, at tlie FUzroy Court to- day. The steamer Bunliiyoug arrived here to-tlay from WcsL Australia with l.VJS ounces of gold, for various Melbourne banks. Mush: lovers will be Interested In ".vino's" criticism of the Uumbourgs' concert, on Knumlay night. This up- peurs on rage g. "Ren Tlllett" does not tblnk the working man iu New '/calami quite appreciates the grund oiiportunltles he has under the Labor Legislation. Jle Is too apathetic. ' ' City Weather.— By Gauut's instni- meats ht iiooti today— Baroinctcr,lM).244t stationary. ,,Tlii>)!aiuDMerlaiip nun, ill UuV'fHbudc, >i ileg. . , TUiiufuti last' IS hours, p.01 Inches. The New Zeainnd . Shipping Company Lliultcd 'are In receipt of cable udvlw to the efi'eet tlmt tlie company's R.M.S. Knikoura left Monte Video on Friday, BOth nit., homeward iKitind. At the District Court to-day,' two young men wore iluod 20s euelt for using improper language at a game of footlMill. Very smull line for a class of offence which should be liruily put down. "Iook here, tlie next time your hus band gives you u thrashing. I hope lie will give you u gootl one.1'— Dr. I'etlier- Ntone.'to a female eouiplniuant who wanted to withdraw a charge of as sault against lier husband. Fic, tie, doctor. Never mind how laid a man's chitrail- ter was, lie .slumld lie fairly treated by' tlie police. He made tbe remark, with the object of showing the jwllce that Uiey should not act In siieli .a tray ns would give any appoitrutice of unfair treatment.— Dr. Lloyd. Quite right, sir. We are enabled, by the, courtesy of Lord Richard Nevill, Private Secretary to his Iixeclleaey the Governor,, to pub lish the coutcuts of a telegmui received at Government Honse, slating that the yacht Sunbeam nciclied Double Bay last night, and willed sigiihi thin mdnilng fur Newcastle. Margaret Jluxwcll states that Mary Ann Stanley hanged herself to u.' bed in' a house In Ilanua street. South Mel- jmunie last night, and produced a piece of htlyhmn! which, situ. says, she eat from tlio deewisod's iivck. - The pre sence of a mark on the neck tended 'to support that statement,'- but Dr Brett's jKtstmortom examlmtlhm to-day dis closed the fact that death was due to dlswi.se of the kidneys. . There was u uelghlwrV. assault case on at' the North Mellxuihic Court dur ing' whlelijiulf ii brick was jirodueed as 'an 'exliiiiltCTWhen-Uiib'rwns'dVer the- hrlek wiis aceldenttilly left on the wlluess-bqx. . The tlrst witness In t lie next. ' ease, -who lmd licen niakliig re- pouted visits to a . hotel : close by when asked, after being sworn, to "kiss the book," by a mistake. picked up the brick. The onlti was tibl bludlug, uml be was sworn over again. "Ami the brick came down." . ' On hearing of the victory of.the. Vic torian lUilc Association's twiin , . iu the Koiupore Cup cmnpoUtiou at Blslcy, the Minister of Defence made ti nilnuto that the members of the whole contin gent wore to he proseiitiHl . with', the Lee- Metford rltles with wldeh they, shot, The'rillen were, procured by tlie depari- inent for the members of the/tcanron their rbaeldug Hugland. Having made up his tiiliid to do what has lieeu stated, Mr M'Culloeii was liot nt idl pluasoil to read. 11 rciiort in the press that a certain oiilcer remarked at A recent mtHding of the V.R.A. ('ouuell, that the competi tors would "stick" to their titles. 