SI? 017NC This afternoon a trace mseeting 'will be held at Eiphin by Tatkrsabl's Race Club. F11l9 meet twas postpoaed from Saturday lbst on account of the 'weit 'weather. As the fields are large, some good sport may be anticipated, and, t'he afternoons being the weekly haalf-1Foelday, the attendance may be ,looked for as satisfadtory. l?eo first race starts at 2.30 o'eld?:t. Nominlations for the five events to be run at 'the meet of 'the Loangoard Rading Club on Saturday, 13th prox., olose on February 2. The prograanne is publishei S.n this issue. An English wri'bcr, referring recently to the Australian horses Dainu?l, Ebor, anid Norton, aolid that he did not think that any of them would ever do much good in 'the old country, on accounlt of the fences being so differen't to what they had been used to in Australia. Further, with regard to the relative form of the two breeds- English and Australian. - he .sid:-"I always think that although the Australian. raeL'onase may be as good or bdoter than ours, Ute 'general average is by ,no means up 'to the English. stad d'ard." As Ebor has sinace won three or four steoplechases In Englhn'd,the critic has probably changed his ,tune. By the way (says the "Age"), E'bor is not the soege property 'of Mr. Gollan, the vendor, J. Gardner, having rdtlhtnaed a thitrd interest in 'the hoese for one of hJs little sons. The Sydney racing man, Mr. T. G. Mu'iM', intenlds to uroe a few horset in England, the 'teh'm .including the three year-dod North Brlitbish, by 'Gozo from Florrie, who vwou a rape at MIoorefleld last June. 'With 'Maluma, Pasts' III., Merman, Emr?malea, Ebor, Norton, Dahim'o, Erl King, and Bombshell II. dai the field, to say nothing of Nciw.baven; who is quite a Ghost in. hmself, the 'next racing season int Eng'aind (says rthe "'Argus") poumises to be of very great interest. 'A colt by IBenligb from the Australian bred mare En.gagemenlt, by Musket from Sylvia, by Fisherman, wvil (states the same lpaper) arriva in (New Ze~land from England in the course of a few days in the ,s. iWaimate. Mr. W. R. Wllson, 'who r'eendlly went to New Zealand foer a holiday, has (re marks the "Age") returnd?d to Melbourne, hav.ng been called b'ack on. Ibuswaess. Mr. W?llson has a very high opinio o of MultI form, the iwo-year-old colt 'who caused a sensation nt BllersTite by beating Mr. G. G. Stead's other reoaesentative, Gold Medallist, don Ithe Great Northern Foal Stakes, ifce' which the ;utter, as justified by performances, was a paroomounced fal vourlbe. There iwas a, st-rong demoni stra'to'n., 'the upshot of Iwslih has beoot that the Auckland Racing Club has do. tormined Ihat 'in future if two or more horses ownekd by the. sane ownaer start lm a race .they shJll be bracketed together, a proposal which 'was mad'e s?ome mnonths ago in South Austrtaliai, ?'whea a strong publ~io fancy in Mr. Wigley's Matua horse, Foliage, was (beaten, and dhe race wooa by a despised stable comnpanion ln Nom adic. An ELizabe?h Town correspondent waites: -Settl'ing-up ?Is connectilo' w!ith the re cent Avenrue race meeting took place at Mr. SlWter's Hotel, Eldzalbeth Town, on Saturday, afr. JeIra Flynn in the chair. There were present 'Messrs. George Ben nett, W. H. Coanroy, J. 'C. Comroy, E. J. Sullivan, Thomas Flowers, and Charles Slater. 'The secretary (Mr. Slater) showed the accoun:ts of the late meet. The chailr nuin, after hearing ithe sliatemaned, and when the ooam?aiLttee had gone 'through the accounts, istated he fe't produ to ?:esideo at such a meeting, and grealt credit was due 'to 'the committeo for the way the affairs of the clulb had been worked. ,Th night men were in the right place; so were 'the Avenue Turf Olub's funls, foc a good balance was to 'their credit. Ilo further hoped the same gentlem'en wvould long 'contilamue t'o help ,the .'nitere'stls of such a pclpular country Club as the Avenue was. Accounts were 'passed for pay menat, and 'a hearty vote of thanks 'to the chairman closed 'the business of 'the meet ing, 'after which a 'pleas at evening 'was I spent by those Present. .. .. -- o.- .. . .. 