THE LAND AND INCOME TAX MUDDLE. , ? A ? However the people may differ as to whether land and income taxation is ?expedient, politic, and in accordance with the general interests of the couiitiy or not, there is a chorus of unanimity from all quarters, swelling daily in volume and force that the gentlemen charged with the adminis tration of these taxes in New South ?'Wales for incornpetency and skill in causing hopeless confusion ' have ' to use a venerable and classical expression ?'seldom been equalled and never sur passed.' From one point of view they are not without some excuse. They .have control of a new department, and the ordinary civil service mind is so accustomed to apathy, and to dull mechanical action, that when it finds itself confronted with a new form of document and a neAv style of work, it is like a train derailed— its attempts at continuing to move causing only disaster to itself and to everyone con nected with it. The pajmient of a new tax even by those who in the abstract support its necessity and justice is. always found a rather irksome chit}*-, but when to the intrinsic unpleasantness of the operation a thousand worries and horrors are super-added by muddle-headed officials, the most rabid freetrader might well be pardoned if he enrolled himself under the Protectionist banner. Free trade, involving a land and income tax, may be all that Mr. Reid and its warmest advocates claim for it. It may give expansion to trade, it may cause the wheels of industry to spin with a delightful music in their motion, it may crowd our ' loATely ' harbor with a magnificent flotilla of ships, symbolising peace among nations, and containing in their capacious store-rooms treasures of wool, ironware, Hour, itc, proclaiming the brotherhood of man, and giving force to Shake speare's sensible observation that 'one touch of nature makes the whole world kin,' but when we have to pay for 'all these promised blessings by the actual and real experience of the Land and Income Tax Commissioners' office, we feel strongly prompted to hand free trade and its blessings on to the shoulders of posterity. The Commis sioners seem to have one idea — to re alise by these taxes a fixed amount of revenue, an amount necessary to save the Reid Government by enabling it to conduct the public affairs without recourse to Customs' duties. To raise this revenue, the value of land in the colony required to be assessed at a cer tain figure. The assessment was ac cordingly made, and the people affected by the tax opener] their eyes with: won der when they were told that their property was so valuable. The Com missioners had decided that the land of the colony was worth three or four times its marketable value. Some people screamed in indignation at what, they thought a dishonest attempt to wring money from them, while tho better tempered folk laughed at the Commissioners' folly and bungling. The. assessment had to be fiercely hacked down to make it in some measure agree with hard facts, and, as the revenue should be raised, another scheme had to be devised to extract the requisite amount of money from the people. A brilliant thought flashed through the Commissioners' mind. They could devise income tax ' ar rears,' and so acting by and with the advice of 'eminent' counsel, notices were served on those blessed with in comes demanding payment of large sums on this score. The claim was foolish and illegal, and the people showed no willingness to pay. At present the entire question of this species of taxation has resolved itself: into a personal wrangle between the public and the Commissioners. The returns furnished by the tax-layers are generally disallowed, and clays, per haps weeks, are spent in 'friendly con ference ' by both sides before it satis factory settlement is reached. 'The Commissioners refuse to give any ex planation by letter, and, as many have not the time nor the opportunity of attending personally during office hours, and patiently waiting till the ?Commissioners can be seen, they have either to pay grossly exorbitant taxes or become entangled in litigation. Even those who might hope to per sonally interview the Commissioners are frequently detained so long outside the office door that, after giving vent to their feelings in adjectives too for cible for use in elegant society, they depart in disgust. Practically at pre sent no one knows what his exact posi tion is in relation to these taxes, and so chaotic is everything connected with them that even lawyers are more than usually vague and oracular in their ex pressions in reference to them. .The onl}T class that can look on with a cer tain amount of grim unconcern at the whole affair are those who are burthened with neither income nor land and who prefer to remain through life just as they came into the world, and as they know that all must leave it, stripped entirely of earthly posses sions. Existence for them may bring its sorrows and afflictions, but they are allowed at least to remain in blissful forgetfulness of the existence of Mr. Lockyer. The 'Daily Telegraph' has been lately expressing keen anxiety lest the sins of the Commissioners may be visited on the guile less, innocent head of M.r. Reid, a'nd lest the beauty of these taxes in the abstract may be sullied consider ably by their concrete ugliness. It openly hints that the gentlemen charged with the administration of these taxes are ' unwittingly to bo sure,' becoming the most elfecitiw. agents of Mr. Lyne, and the stoutest enemies of Freetrade. With com mendable shrewdness it surmises that the business people of the colony have no particular desire to pass their (lays on the door mats of a public oflice, like the Jewish beggar of old outside the gates of the Temple — and that if the continuance of Freetrade demands such a sacrifice from them, Free trade must at once order its funeral trap pings. Were all unnecessary friction removed, and the highest depart mental, ability displayed in the col lection of these tax.es, there would still be great difficulty in. reconciling the public to this new impost. As it is the commissioners would drive the most patriotic and law-abiding citizen into open rebellion. Mr. Reid, wo arc, told, is in frequent cable communica tion with his understudy, Mr. Brunker, and is cognisant of all that is taking place in his absence. Has the knowledge, we wonder, that Iris land and. income tax policy is proving such a muddle and failure caused, in the words of Tom Moore, ' the cold chain of silence' to be one of his chief ornaments during his stay in London ? However, lie will have to use his tongue with remarkable dexterity when he returns, if he wishes to in duce the public to continue to swallow the (( ungilded taxation bill, offered to them by administrators of his policy. During the next elections tho figure of Mi1, Lockyor and his brethren will follow his footsteps whithersoever he goes, and will give him as. much dis gust as the ghost of the murdered Duncan did to Macbeth. The land tax in the difficulty of its collection is turning out much wor.se than even its worst enemies predicted, and as the calculated revenue to be derived from it will, have to be procured from other sources, Mr. Reid will have to revert to. the time-honoured policy of borrow ing, or to the imposition of Customs duties. The former the country will not sanction, and the latter he cannot dream of attempting. He will, there fore; have to make room for others, who will have another few years to show also their inability and their unfitnoss for their position. So the life of the colony stagnates — one incapable Gov ernment succeeds another — ' As in a rolli ig flonl Weave follows wave.' 