A LITTLE BOY IN MISEBRY, A tall, straight maiden aunt of mine, whom 1 when a boy sometimes visited, possessed among the objects of hler idolatry a hat with nodding features, which when she wore it, gave her a formal appearance of festivity, a pair of lace mitts likely to abash the unfashion able, ai silk gown which she wore withl the hat and the mitts as an emblem of position; a bird in a cage who sometimes used to chirp in heroic rallies against stillness; a book-mark which I conceived to be a mortification of the spirit to be endured only by the old; a cat which occupied a rocker on lonely evenings while I sat dejected in a straight-backed [chair; a clock with a moon and a red and blue knight and lady on white charger and palfrey, which was a hard-faced old clock, caring nothing for children ; and a spare room wherein I first encountered magazines. To this room at the end of an evening of growing dreariness was translated my depressed existence. My aunt having carefully completed the fourths reading of the weekly paper of the previous week, or having with con trition observed the cat yawn,,said very sharply (as if no one else ever slept), " Well, my boy, I suppose you ought to be in bed." And whereupon I was con ducted through a hall and through an empty room, and through.a parlour which was consecrated to dusk and silence, and into the spare room. in thlis roomn there was a closeness and an airlessness which no mere vacuum has ever attained. The wall-paper and the furniture were so ancient that I had no doubt the art of making such wall-paper and such furniture had long been lost. I wished that it was morning, so that I might go out where time was still young, All about were the reminders and tli monuments of a family long since grown old, but there was nothing that bytho most anxious stretch of the imagination could be considered an object of contemporane ous living interest to a boy, and when my aunt had turned down the lifeless clothes on a bed which looked like the tomb of the Capulets, and had bidden me not sit up, and had departed through the night ridden house, I sought in despair amon" those ghosts of former life for some pos sible object of entertainment. It was then I turned to a marble-topped table, upon which were disposed some large black books at an ancient angle of elegance. These books were the bound volumes of magazines. -They were "Gra ham's Magazine," and ' Peterson's Magazine," and L" Goey's Lady Book," and there upon the cold marble, with a sheaf of dried and drooping grasses near them in a china vase, they lay like mummies of literature. It was under these gruesome circum stances I became acquainted with magazines, and had it not been for the small. human satisfaction of disobeying my aunt's injunction not to sit up, I think I could not have endured to look upon them. Iut in that airless room I opened those lifeless books, and theyellow light flowed over the yellow pages. They wcre pages of dead times, of pictures of eople in dead fashions, of dead stories, and dead poetry, signed by dead names. The poetry I did not read; I thought a little boy would not be expected to'read that, iattempted to read the stories. Thiy were about young girls named Isabel, and young men called Florian, and sometimes they were about knight-errantry, and then they were filled with scenery, and with "nay, nay, sir," and "hark ye," and such like ancient, dead remarks My light grew duller on the pages. I snuffed the oppressed flame, and tried to believe that I detected sigr.s of vitality in the yellow stories, but there was no vitality ; they were dead. And when my light had for a long timo grown more yellow, and when my eyes ached, and my throat ached, and my heart ached, I got into the tomb of the Capulets, so wan, faint, and woebegone, that ii you had seen me the next morning chasing my aunt's fat, consequential rooster you would not have known me. 