v i ' fl'tjilUBHED BY Srsqit, AEEANUliltBM'r.. '" , ! /.') By J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, Author of i'An Excellent Knave," "Tho Lifo and Adventures of Pag Woffington, ' "How Came lie Dead." "A Justified Sinner,'' "On Wheels of Fire," " Tho Most Gorgeous Lady Blessington," &o.;, &o..; ' fCoVYBIOHT. | ' d " ' ' "" 1 CHATTElt XXYII. ; . >\tui:wi:!.!.. . ' mm HAT . evening 1 1 1 whilst her. hus- .: j ' band . and hor J guests wero 3 sitting at. dm- nor, Oriana, oxhaustod and miserable, lay on u. enuch in tho shaded light ot' her sitting- room, tinilinehingly facing tho situation before her. The first hours' of Horror aud bowil- dermont on learning of her mother's disease were now succeeded by that a calm which arises from despair, dur ing which she re- viewed her past and examined herself, is if sho would gauge how far tho iread nnilady had eatou into Iter lifo. ' Sho remembered that even whilst at school sho had siifforud in a subtle way unexperienced by her coinpnnions. What had lightly passed by them had aifected her sensitive temperament. Unknown to and unsuspected by those around sho had dwelt in a world of her own that wns convulsed by wild am bitious and oxtraordiniUry desires, or made gloomy by depressions for wliioh there seemed no cause. Emotion rind imagination hnd played inordinate parts in her inuor life. Sho had been subjected to approhension so vague as to lie nameless, yet so vivid as to he unendurable. The heart-loneli ness that makes existence a waste had always been here. She saw now sho had never been as others. . Eearor puin had for ever darted between her and her keenest pleasures, poisoning them when she would enjoy. She had been haunted by a spectre whose name sho did not know until now ; a spectre that had goaded her to bitterness and rebellion; that hnd inspired licr witli \- desperate, thoughts ; that had forced her to acts sho was unable to control. She hud been cursed from birth. By -i the light her now-gained knowledge east on hor past sho judged of hor feel ings towards ltigcl ; of the fuscinution t sho hud felt for one who hud never sought to win her affection ; her fierce longing for his love ; her intense jealousy ; tho avowal she had felt com pelled to miikc ; hor fours lost sho might ho unalile to keep tho secret of what she believed was his guilt. She had frequently looked hack upon. ' the midnight aeono in the guard-room, as upon a hideous nightmare ; its recol lections had made her burn with humiliation ; had mndo her turn with repugnance from herself. To-day sho thought with some touch of. solf-pity it was perhaps tho knowledge that she never could really know what happiness was, that had made her so desperately anxious to realise it at any cost. Ilorc wns the growth of that diseaso more tumble than death. AVluit fault was hers that she should suffer from this horrible taint ; that she should have been doomed from birth . to 'struggle in darkness? Was there, after all, truth in the philosophy that taught that we suffer in this life for tho sins committed in a previous existence? In. what other way could the wrongs endured by the innocent, tho maladies and miseries that ui'e the lot of many stainless men and women from the cradlo to the grave, ho accounted for? What poor creatures wo wore, grop ing our painful way through darkness, understanding ourselvoH so little, under- j standing those nearest to us less — each a ; riddle to the other. For ever and for ever thoro broke upon her mind, ns I might waves upon a beach, tho horror of hor iucuruble malady, To ho dogged i by this hideous, menacing shape — not , to know what terror the futuro. might, produce, whut calamity its darkness i cloaked — was unendurable. In that; direction lay her cruellest fear. Nor; was her dread for herself alone, < but becauso of liim who was dearer to her. than life — whoso lifo sho, had spoilt. Ho had not hesitated1 to sucrifice himself for hor, and now that a inoro pressing need for sacrifice ou her part arose, would sho hesitate to spuro him the endurance of a tragedy :that "might bo spread over yeaVs; to set. him free from tho bondage of such a mindless wreck us 'she might become any day— any hour ? ' Then whilst dwolling on this terrible thought sho pictured to herself what ,might have , bceii. wero sho as others, ' .'and, could, huvo,. won and held his love ',for hor own. Thut would have been hcaVe'n itstlf. Now her sense of loss ,'and pain were; suoh as are associated ; Iwith hell. . .. To part witii liim would bo a. violent heart- wroneh, ;for lui was the one thing inthe world to: whieli she clung; but if only for his sake, if only to preserve his unborn children from an inheritance of , 'darkness and' despair, she must go hence. Once its necessity appeared clear to her she did not fiinch from this idea — she did not shrink, from facing tlia un known. But in -mercy -to herself she resolved that it must soon he carried out ; for every, moment between this and hor last would be a separate agoriv, becauso of the kuo wledgp that with the passing of eaoh, the timo she could be near him grew shorter, and, brought her closer to a parting that might bo eternal. So Bbo lay thero thinking out tho details of her intended departure, whilst those below, unconscious of tho tragedy she planned; ato, drank, . .and made merry! all but one, the doctor, who alono was aware of the knowledge that had como to hoi', of the darkness that engulfed hor. ..It., was he who, soon after' dinner tapped at the door, and on being bidden to enter sat down beside her. " , ' «'I would' nqtet.Siv Iligel.cotao up,' he said. . '.I. was, afraid ho might disturb youv , .. .'Oriariamodp nQrqpl.anBiolcerstcth, little suspeoting hQW: . she hated kira for keeping awriy 'her hutbnnd, continued, as lies 'Colt her pulse ': 1 You arc much calmer, much better.' ' 1 shall bo much more rested when I havo slept,' she answered.; > ' That's right ; you must bo brave,'- the doctor said, sympathetically.1 ""''l am going to bo very bravo,' she replied. ... ,;At.tlmt he felt, pleased, said.ho.wpuld make up ri 'sleeping draught; which: lie would send hor, und suggested' thut ; sho should retire .early.; - ;v . .; : ' Tu'tlic riiorniiig it seemed plain to him she had:.:.deeided ,.to. maintain hor promise of being brave, for slio cniuo down to breakfast 'unexpectedly, whilst Uncly, George, Iligel, \ and himsolf yvero at the table, , They ..'greeted , her with - pleasure, and > assured li'cr she, looked well. Biakorstcth accused- himself of being an alarmist, and iu the same breath excused himsolf for being tlio same, stating it wus only one of the tricks of liis trade to magnify an illness, thut the paticnty recovery iniglit adver tise his doctor's skill. . ' Oriana, who felt us might some poor forlorn ghost that lmd wandered buck- amongst the living whom it loved,' was pleased by her welcome — such a wel come as sho would never again receive. ' For iny part, I am doubly glad you are able to he down to-day,' said Lady George, 'for I fear I shall have to leave you to-morrow.' . ' ' To-morrow ? ' repeated Oriana, thinking of what might happen before then. 'Yes, and' you would never guess why.' ' There's a man at the bottom of this,' stated the doctor, with uiook gravity. ' Why,, of course there is,' she answered briskly. ' I knew it,' said Bickerstctb, tri umphantly. ' Perhaps,' Lady George remarked, ' you will think me a foolish woman.' ' I can only think of you as a delight ful woman.' 'If only ho would,' she answered. 'But I do, I swear it,' replied the scientist. : . ' I wasn't thinking of you, doctor.' 'Then of whom else, pray?' he asked, in playful indignation. 1 5L'y husband. I had a letter from liim this morning.' ' How indiscruet.' . 'lie is going down to Grantham Hall, where his father is very ill, and ho wants me to go with him just .to. keep up appearances before tho duke, who has old-fushioucd notions about married life, and who may leave us something handsome.' ' 'And you will desert us for that man ?' exclaimed the doctor, with an assump tion of resontment. 'Yes; I am to play tho part of a devoted wife. It will be almost its funny as acting in amateur theatricals iu a back drawing-room,'; replied Lady George,gaily. 'All, tbo deceit of woman,' sighed tlie doctor. ' Now, I' will toll you one of' my secrets,' said Lady George, confiden tially. ' Tell me many. I delight in scan dal,' Biokersteth .replied. - ' I have always been iu love with my husband.' ' How preposterous.' 'Pray don't tell anyone, it would make mo seem so ridiculous; especially to liim, if ever lie lieard-of it.' ' The duke is very old,' said Bigel. . ' Yes ; but although he is ninety he hasn't yet consontod to die, ' Lady George answered. ' l'eoplo only eonsout to die when it's no longer possible to live,' Biekerstotll remarked. Oriana rose and turned away. "\Vhon presently tho guests wore out on tho terraces, Bigel said to his wife : ' So you are really hotter to-day ?' ' Yes, butl am yet very uervous, and I want you to stay with me .all day if you will, for that would comfort mo above all things,' Oriana said, plead ingly. , '-Iwill do wlintevqr you plonso,' he answered, gracious ns ovor. Ah, how good you are to me,' she said, tears .rushing- to lior oyes,. tears sho .was unable, to restrain,. . . ; . Ho took oiio of her hands bctweou his own, saying, ' Don't iipsot yoursolf, dear.' ' You will lot me keep near you all day; for that will give mo strength,1 sho porsisted. ' ; , ' . '"Yes, I he answered, humouring her, '.we-, shall spend the 'day together j rill to ourselves.' . > Though ho did riot love her, lio know thnt hor ' unquestioning, dovotion wiis such as few men ever receive, ;arid though ho could not return it, his grati tude amounted to affoctiou, and led him to repay her by unfailing kindness, by corisiderate. tenderness., . ' Your : aunt and Lady Goorgo > are going to call on soino peoplo in' .tho. afternoon,' she'snid,' ''and Iwill risk iny fntlior to tako Dr. ; Bickoratoth .for a ride, so that after lunch wo shall bo all'' alone. Then fyou will como and (bank tea in iny boudoir, and I will talk to you.' i 'About what?' lie asked, wonder- ingly. ' About ourselves. And now I will comb with you to the library, where I will write' a note asking, my father to lunch with ns.' And taking his arm she led him' from the breakfast-room. On reaching tho library alio went to one of tlie windows and looked with sad - eyes- oil tho scene before her. Und.er the influence of this spring day, :the Whole world seemed to renew its y nil tli, to" luxuriate iu the sun, to promise delight. ; , It seemed / strange to remember she once had; hated, the' sight .of these /peaceful' valleys arid the ramparts of .thoso - eternal mountains, beautiful now ; in. the ' lights -hud ' shadows on their : l'liggdd slopes, ; in the clear outlines of their heights .dotined against the ptilo of . -the horizon.. Novcr had the pro- : spcct : , scorned . so . peaceful, nevor so fiisoiriuting' ris whon she was ahout'to eloso hor eyes to it for ever. A : dull, 'aching'' piiin struck at the / nerves of "hor bniiri/ : Sho felt suddenly fuirit/ arid' turned to tho table where Iligel wiis already iit work. / Tho time betwecri breakfast and lunch went 'by so rapidly that Oriana .-.pictured death t striding i forward with ci'uol linste to claim hor. AVith her : eyes on . the clock she .counted tlie hours left her, and again i ami again slie asked Iligel questions, interrupting him iu tlie writing of his . letters, that she might hear his voice ' and moot his. eyes, for soon sho would be deaf- rind blind to them. At lunch Lady Trcnthnm asked that the carriage might bo ordered for licr at throe. - She wished to call on thoL'ang- welyns, who lived some six miles away. Lildy Goorgo was to accompany hor, Oriana having excused herself. ' Her father and Dr. Biclcorstoth had arranged to ride to Tyn-y- Grocs. Iligel declared lie would remain at homo. . ' So that you two young people will bo loft alono liko Boh and Jonn,' said Lady George. ' It is bettor that Oriana should rost,' remarked the countess, ' and besides she will miss nothing iu not paying this visit ; for these people - are as dull , as their pedigree is long. They will be terribly vespeotablo, and extremely fatiguing.' | How I wish I could givo them a skipping-rope performance,' said Lady George. . ' Wouldn't it wake them ?' ' My doar, it wonld scare tlicm.' Whilst her aunt .and; Lady George woro preparing for their drive, Oriana went into the rooms on tho ground floor, pausing to look round each vast apart ment, aud to note objects tbat had always given hor special pleasure. In one of the drawing- rooms wero somo prcsonts- Iligel had bought for her whilst on their honeymoon, quaint objects of art picked up in Italian towns. These she touched with tender ness, romoinhering the day and hour of thoir purchase, u whole picture of eaoh ciroumstance rising against its foreign bnpkground, ho the centre of all— he who was thou and now as the core of her heart. Amongst them wns a string of. amber bonds most curiously carved, which the vendor ljad described as - an amulet. Bigel had fancied it; and had wound it round her wrist. . Sho took it from its porcelain bowl, kissed it, and coiled it about bor arm. It would remain there until the end. As she closed tho door of each room she said goodbye.to it, wondering if at any futuro timo tho' conscious solf that suroly survived tho body's death- might bo able- to return and flit through them, a sorrowful phantom looking on tlio living, to whom it would bo unable to make known its presence. The sound of voices iu the great hall reaching hor, she hurried thoro to And her father, Dr. Biokersteth, and Bigel. Tho horses were already at the door and tho riders ready to mount. 'Goodbye, dear,' hor father said, as, after his usual fashion at leaving hor, ho lightly brushed hor cheek with his lips. . She surprised him by taking his fresh round face hotweon hor hands and kiss- iug liini ropontedly and affectionately. ' Goodbyo, father ; gooilbyo, arid take care of yourself,' she managed to say; boforo a sob ohokod hor. f . j Ho was across his horso in : another j moment,' his high voice talking 1 to his; companion, ris they rode down tho avenue. He lmd nov'or understood li'er, I never beon in sympathy with hor, but' sho knew he was . fond of her, and this pnrtirig wns hoard to lidar. It would havo been, hardor if ;slie. did /not know that .grief could hover long impress, liis volatilo nature — if slio did not- believe her departure nqw would save him' keener pain by-arid-by.. Zf'Si . / ; A 'few minutes later tho.eountess arid ; Lady Georgo came downstairs../'.-: 'I am afraid,' snidtho former, I - ntu the most unpurietual person ih the' world. I meant - to , havo iV started. , a qua'rto'r.of an honr/ugo. NowOriunil,' liavo a iiieo rest whilst I am away.' - - .'. Yes, I will he certain to tako a good; rest. /'. ; . t . , . .. . . , Then, cut i:emr\ my dear, ' said Lady Trenth'aiu. , > > . . , . . / Oriiina looked at hor as. if. she wbuld for Over fix that sweet und gentle face ill her '.mirid, arid then Lending .forward; kissed her. - tondorly-with a kiss Lady' Trentliani; ever rerrieriihered— a kiss that tift'drwards . seemid: to' hor liko" that of death/ v" ,i > .. i ,,TUrougU'/.a , mist .of: itears/Oriaria saw; her mid Ludy Gcrirge hein taken to tlio' oarringo by Bigol.' ': B'y .tli'e' ti'md; ho; returned she .' had' sufficiently recovered! to compose Jiersolf , to say .: > ' I i am going > to' . iny - boudoir now. You.will not /be . long, dear, beforo you/ comb and drink tea Witfirind : ' I 'shall bo with you in half an hour,' ho replied. ; "... :< . .. 1 ' Bo sure you aro piinetunl,' sho said,; with an attempt rit pfiiyfulness, as heavy of heart sho turned; away. fio be oontinultd. j 