^iieeH JEH^ ~ . ;' Mr. Glyn, alieutenant iii the GrenadiersJ has ; . .;' Been Queen. Elizabeth's .'^hosfc In jtiie library at ? Windsor 'Castle. He is af present at; Islay, but he has'authorised the publication of an account ' of Tiis adventure given: by. iig mother. _. ' The Hon. Mrs. Carr Glyn said : '' It is perfectly true that my eon has witnessed something abnormal. . He was, he tells' me, sitting in the - library, of Windsor Castle reading a book— the * History of Dorsetshire, to be exact. As he read, he became aware of somebody passing in the inner library. He looted up, and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, fail ing on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which, was put of rietr as my son sat, and he did not- take much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in' the inner room. This was just upon 4 in the after noon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady was who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before' walked across the inner room. ' Tnen where could sbe be ?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicating the corner to which the figure had pissed. - * But there is no door,' said the attenoant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think very much about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, aske.i him about it, the attendant having mentioned tb'e matter Co Air. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my eon did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son h id seen the apparir tion of Qneen Elizabeth. Mr. Hohnes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Griyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and. several members ©f the Eoyjil family have interviewed him on tke subject. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation of being haunted . by the ghost of: Queen Elizabeth- freca time out of memory. ^ tiis own recollection of the story dates from twenty-seven years Ago, and he has been in the habit of spenaing Hallowe'en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumor to the effect that the Empress Frederick had, when a child, 'seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor hopes to secure some cor roboration or denial of the rumor.' 