THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. " THE DEADLOCK PROBLEM. SIMULTANEOUS DISSOLUTION \- 'CARRIES C . ,. J MASS REFERENDUM REJECTED. DUAL REFERENDUM ALLY REJECTEd? . BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTERS ) SYDNEY, Monday. The Convention continued its sittings to-day, and. resumed the discussion of the nature of the provisions to be made for the removal of deadlocks. The question before the chair was whether there should be in the first place a successive dissolution of the two Houses, or whether that dissolution should be simultaneous. A motion by- Mr. Symon in favour of a successive dissolution had been carried on Friday-, but it was afterwards agreed that the question should be reconsidered. Mr. M'MILLAN said he desired to declare himself absolutely opposed to a simultaneous dissolution of both Houses of the Legislature. It' would have been far better if the question of equal representa- tion had been dealt with. the same, time as the question of deadlocks. There seemed to be an idea that if the House of Representatives were dissolved first a slur would he cast upon that body as compared with the Senate. - He cared' nothing for that. The Important root matter of the bi- camera system of government was that there should be a Chamber for cheek and criticism, and if it were to be worth any thing at all there must at times come a severe straining of relations. A deadlock was not in itself a disadvantage", though a permanent deadlock would be at calamity-. St ill,, the expedient of a dual simultaneous dissolution could not be accepted, because it violated the principle of bi- cameral government. He desired always to bow-to public opinion, but he did not believe in bowing to wire-pullers and political agitators. The people had instructed the Convention to make a constitution; not one which was the outcome of a wave of opinion, but a constitution which was based upon a principle, and which would stand the shocks of time. He would be quite willing, in the case of a House of Representatives which had only been two years in existence, that the Senate should go to the country first. His idea generally was this-to send' that House which had been longest in existence to the country first. If they- sent two sets of representatives to the country at the same time they would never get a clear expression, of popular opinion upon the issue. Mr. DEAKIN would urge the House not to allow itself to be led away by the con- templation of perpetual strife and dissention between the two Chambers of the Federal Parliament. The most pessimistic could not believe that deadlocks would be frequent, and the constitution might be expected to work, in the ordinary course of affairs, in the same quiet way as the constitutions of the various colonies. He could not see with Mr. McMillan that a simultaneous dissolution was opposed in its essence to the principle of bi-cameral Government. It was fair and just that the elector- should haye^b-th'Bets.of arguments put before them of the same time by the candidates for election to the Senate and the candidates for election to the House of Representatives. The arguments put forward by the candidates for the Senate would tend to, prevent the national electors from being carried away by a wave of enthusiasm, and would ensure a moderating influence on both sides in the conduct of the election, which would produce the best expression of sound judgment on the part of the electors. Owing to the equal franchise for the electors of the Senate and the House of Representatives, deadlocks were less likely to be ever under that constitution than under any other example of the bicameral system in existence. If the struggle did come, it would not be a struggle between the Senate and the House of Representatives, but it would be the ordinary party struggle. Dr. COCKBURN.-If you have a simul-' taneous dissolution, then the Executive of the day will always bring about the dissolution when it will have the least penal effect upon the House of Representatives, upon which it depends for its existence. Mr. DEAKIN said that Sir George Turner had intimated his willingness to allow 12 months to elapse between the time that the measure was rejected by the Senate and the day that the two bodies should be sent to their constituents. That concession would answer Dr. Cockburn's point completely. Mr. REID.-After 12 months you will need special incubator to bring them alive again. (Laughter.) Mr. DEAKIN said that with a simultaneous dissolution equal pressure would be placed upon both Chambers, and both parties would have the same inducement to settle the dispute rationally. If either House showed itself recalcitrant it should be promptly punished by the indignant, electors: From every point of view the double and simultaneous dissolution commended itself as the national and most efficient means of solving deadlocks. The addition of the dual referendum would show exactly what the people thought of any particular question,, apart from the men who were identified with various phases of its After witnessing the amity, concord, and good feeling which had been shown, he declined to Uli in; that having approached so closely they would now separate without placing in the measure some provision with regard to deadlocks Which would exhibit , the stream of tendency that prevailed outside as well on within the Chamber. That provision, he believed, would be found in the simultaneous dissolution, followed by the dual referendums. Mr. SYMON deprecated the jeers and the threats that were east broadly throughout the land, and were met with in hotels, in the streets, and in the public press. He thanked Mr. McMillan for his courageous speech, but that hon. gentleman would have been more convincing if the Senate had identically the same powers as the House of Representatives, including the power of amending money bills and of exercising some control over the Executive. The smaller states had already made an enormous concession in this matter. Would the Premier of Victoria accept a concurrent dissolution as final without any referendum ? Sir GEORGE TURNER am perfectly prepared to accept the dual referendum alone. a Mr. SYMON.-AVill you take the concur- rent dissolution by itself? Sir GEORGE TURNER-The. I only took that as a compromise. Mr. SYMON.-Then, if the smaller states gave way on the question of consult rent dissolution, they would have to take the dual referendum as well, and possibly the national referendum. The cry of the big ger states was that of the daughter of the horse leoc'h,"'Give, give." A concurrent dissolution was not likely to become an effective means of settling deadlocks, because of the element of personal bitter ness which would be present when members of the two Houses presented themselves before the game electors and on opposing sides. He hoped that the decision of lived at on Friday would not be i evened, but, we whatever conclusions they came to, he hoped that they would all accept it with goodwill, and with a determination to give the constitu- tion their best support when it was submitted for the approval of the people. (Cheers.) Mr. REID feared that the problem before them could not be settled in the simple manner proposed by- Sir George Turner. It was no use for him (Mr. Reid) to agree to proposals that would not be accepted by the people of New South Wales. The representatives of the smaller colonies wanted to avoid even the danger that those colonies would at any time be overcome by a numerical majority derived from the larger colonies. If the larger colonies took up a similar position, and said that they would not be satisfied with any constitution which did not -out and the light of the majority to an in even c c they might be justly seen used Mr JOHN 101 El si -Hut is the very thing you are advocating" Ali Killaloe 1ml referendum would enable the minority to veto every proposal supported In the mining and by so doing force the 1 Executive into adopting a policy conf of m able to the wishes of that eminent That sort of federation would not be in cepted by some men in New South Wales M 1RLN Wl 10-6 anywhere else [ Mr M ID -It was infinitely better that this criticism should be heard in the Convention, instead of leaving, it to be said with destructive effect outside the Convention afterwards He wanted to see a constant tion adopted which he could hardly and honestly advise the electors to accept Ali I)OUGLVS-Civc u. vom some hon Ah REID said he would attempt to do so The fatal defect of the proposals before the Convention with the exception of that of the national referendum was that they failed to secure finality and without finality it would be better to have no mechanical provision against deadlocks at all for his own part he had come back to the view he expressed when before the elec tors He would have as the first step the dissolution of both Houses either sunni taneously or preferably (giving power to the Executive e todecidewhethei it should be simultaneous or otherwise then it that did not bring about a settlement he would propose that the two Houses should sit to gether and decide the matter (Cries of No ) That method of settlement had been adopted in France and in Austro Hun gan Dr COCKBURN- Would on suggest that it tile Houses should send an equal number of members to the conference, as in Austria Hungary Mr REID.-No; because the conditions are very different. If he had to choose between the tangled propositions before the Convention, he would vote without hesita- tion with Mr. Lyne for a mass referendum, because, unsatisfactory as it was; to the smaller colonies, it had the one cardinal virtue of securing finality. Mr. DOUGLAS.-AVe won't have it. Mr. REID sympathised with the delegates from the smaller states, but would have to vote against them. He looked upon the dual referendum as the greatest monstrosity and most utter absurdity- ever heard of in this world. It would bring the referendum principle into utter disrepute. Mr. ISAACS.-They have it in Switzer- land. Mr.. REID.-Tfc is a mass referendum there. ("No.") Dr. COCKBURN.-They have a double referendum at every change in the Constitution Mr. REID I admit that here also the dual referendum is necessary for any altera- tion of the constitution., Mr. ISAACS.-You are quite wrong; about- Switzerland. Since 1891 there has been a dual referendum to the states and the people on ordinary legislation. Mr IIOAA'E.-And it works very well. Mr. REID.-Perhaps he was wrong there, but it did not affect the question. He could not vote for a form of referendum which would give as much power to 500,000 people Hying are certain localities as to 2,000,000 people living more closely together in other I localities. It would be much simpler and more satisfactory to take a referendum of the half million people only-. However, the plan he favoured wits to have a joint sitting of the two houses, and let them thrush, the matter out between them. Mr. DOBSON.-In what proportion would the two Houses be represented at the joint Conference? Mr. REID.-Let us adopt the principle, and we can settle the details afterwards. (Laughter.) . Sir »TOllN DOWNER, said that the smaller states find no assurance that if they accepted the dual referendum now they would not have the mass referendum forced upon them at the last meeting of the Convention. He believed that the double dissolution was a farce, and he believed that the dual referendum was a farce too, and he would never agree to it. This was not the time, however, for further concession. At the present stage he would vote as before against a simultaneous dissolution. Mr. FRASER said that he also intended to stick to his previous vote. Sir JOHN FORREST said that they were adopting a very unusual course in discussing the dissolution question over again. They were asked to show themselves weak and vacillating, and he was not prepared to change his vote at such short notice If Mr. Reid's proposal were carried out the larger states could outvote the smaller by a majority of 50 to To. The expedient of a simultaneous dissolution would enable him Goxtj liment of the day to put a pistol to the heads of the states, and to threaten them with a dissolution even before they had considered xv whether they would pass or reject the measure sent up to them if it were desired that Western Australia should join the federation moderate counsels must prevail Mr CVRR-lIirRS said that he would rather see the Convention brought to an end by a sharp line of cleavage than see a compromise adopted on a matter of principle, so that the constitution would have no earnest supporters but many keen and searching cntiLS He would suggest, as an amendment, that after a double dissolution a full conference of both Houses sitting together should consider the proposed law, and to two thirds majority should be necessary and sufficient to pass the proposed law In default of a settlement under those conditions, a majority vote should be sufficient to refer the question to a general vote of the electors of the Commonwealth Mr ISAACS would point out that Mr. Reid's proposal meant a suggestion which wiped out the mail states absolutely, and wiped out also many of the provisions which they had been laboriously attempt- ing to put into the constitution, notably the provision with regard to money bills. 'The proposal would not enable the majority to carry out its own xxiii It was v provision which left deadlocks just as possible as under any other system Willi lila colonies, and six. senators from each colony, Victoria and New South Wales together would have 47 members in the House of Representatives and 12 members in the Senate, of 50 out of a total of 61 With six: colonies of the federation Victoria and New South Wales would control 0.' votes out of 112 The Premier of Victoria had gone to the very verge in this matter of the conjoint sitting of the two Houses There was nothing which they were so pronounced against in their campaign in A idol in na that proposal of HIL two Houses sitting together If a proposal were made m Victoria that the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly should sit together it would be scouted in an instant, because an inconsiderable minority in the Legislative Assembly would be able to ally itself to the, bulk vote of the Legislative Council, and he outvote the Assembly altogether it was simply a waste of time to endeavour to calm a proposal for a conjoint sitting, because such a scheme would allow the Senate to come into the determination of questions relating to the funnies He win ready to accept the double dissolution or else the dual referendum with or without the double dissolution In def mil of either of these expedients, be asked for a national referendum Mr HOWL- are you prepared to the the dead referendum without a dissolution of the Senile at all Ali is WCs- Uitninh We did not ask or 11,111 ally for anything. to intervene be Pte the referendum Mr (.011 DON supported the proposal of Ali Cuiutlieis The until all Referendum would not be the cpl 1 by the sin iller states, that the dull and lindum would at line erected by the larger it is iv i ate it w n evident that the dual referenda it would not be accepted by New st nth by its use the most efficient turban is to decide inn dispute would be a two thirds mainly OL both Houses sitting together, as proposed by Mr Carruthers Mr M> GSTON supported the double dissolution Members both of the Senate and of the House of Representative as should be made to face the acute music He would BUU. port a natioDn) referendum as a secondary expedient, but he would not submit a question which was obviously a state right, like the control of the Murray waters for example, to the arbitrament of a mass vote Where a representative minority of the House of Representatives declared that the question was one of state rights the dual referendum should be employed Mr HIGGINS -AA Could you consider the inner n state questions Mr KINGSTON -Yes I would Mr HIGGINS-Then you would allow SIX hundred thousand people to outvote two million people' Air KINGSTON-Yes, I would If the hon. gentleman is going for the destruction of state rights he can go alone, as far as I am concerned. (Cheers ) Mr. DAVIS] rose to support Mr Kingston's proposed of any proposal which would commend itself to the majority Sir GEORGE TURNER would like to remove some mmppieliensions as to his at titude He and his colleagues asked that when the two Houses could not agree there should be a i referendum They did not ask for a double dissolution and they did not desire it In the first instance, it was pointed out however, that it would be more in accordance with constitutional principles that the Government should be compelled to consult the constituencies by i dissolu- tion, and seeing the force of that conten- tion he agreed to a double dissolution and if that failed, to a dual referendum However, he was perfectly prepared to accept the dual referendum without the double dissolution. The proposal for a joint sitting of both Houses he would not and could not agree to He thought that Mr Kingston had hit upon the true solution of the diffi calls There were certain questions which ought to be settled by a national referendum, and certain other questions which should be settled by a dual referendum To draw a line of demarcation between those two classes of questions had been his great difficulty, and he believed that it had been satisfactorily solved by Mr Kingston Both the large states and the small states could accept the proposal with confidence I Mr O'CONNOR could see at once that to carry the mass referendum was a forlorn hope It would not be carried in any colony as far as he could judge and even if there "were only one colony which would not accept it, that in itself would be an insuperable obstacle Rather than have a dual referendum he would prefer to have no referendum at all Mr Kingston's suggs skin seemed one way of meeting the died culty, namely, that the national referen j dum should not be used except where one third of the House of Representatives declared the question at issue to be one affect- ing state interests, in which case the dual referendum should be employed A joint sitting of the two Houses, as proposed by Mr. Reid, was still better, because it can wired finality with a minimum of five tion. Sir GEORGE TURNER Would you leave the quota of members of the Senate unaltered' Mr O'CONNOR Power might be given to the Federal Parliament to alter that system if it were found unsuitable Mr HIGGINS pointed out that so far they had no assurance that Friday a resolution in favour of a successive dissolution of the two Houses would be rescinded Mr SYMON And it won't be Mr HIGGINS Owing to the attitude taken up by Sir George Turner, his hopes of securing a national referendum had been rudely shattered Sir GEORGE TURNER -It never had the ghost of a shadow of a show. ( 'Hear, hear," and laughter ) Mr. HIGGINS -The hon gentleman pays so Sir GEORGE TURNER Everybody says so Mr HIGGINS Without the national referendum federation would not have the ghost of a shadow of a chance in the larger colonies He would vote against the dual referendum for the same reason that Sir John Downer had said he would vote for it, because it was a farce It would enable COO 000 electors to outvote two and a half millions Mr Kingston s proposal would not secure finality Ilepiefcrred Mr Reid s plan of a joint sitting of the two Houses, especially as they were both elected on the same fran cluse, but they must first abolish the nth culous plan of fixing the number of members of the House of Representatives at double the number in the Senate Mr BROWN appealed to the Conven- tion to come to a vote at once Mr HOLDER said that the cleavage in the Convention on this question was not between the larger and smaller states, but between those who wished to give effect to the people's will, and those who wished to provide checks and delay It was a dispute between progressives and consent ativ CB (Hear, hear, and 'No') He disapproved of the dual referendum, which would settle nothing, and only accentuate differences Mr Kingston s suggestion xv is more likely to succeed and to grow in favour but perhaps the best course would be to adopt some tentative scheme and leave the final settlement of the question for the next Meeting of the Convention Mr BARTON could not accept a refer endum as an alternative to a dissolution I Jjecnuso he could accept nothing which took away the proper responsibility of a Govern ment to the people He could only accept a referendum as a last resort, and with the limitation that it should not be made use of until the responsibility of Ministers was submitted to the test of a dissolution What was required was a scheme that would combine justice with effectiveness and he found the proposal of Mr Reid that the two Houses should sit conjointly a very reason able one He would prefer however, that such a conjoint sitting should follow upon the dissolution of both Houses so that one House should not have it in its power to penalise the other As between the propositions of Mr Lyne and Sir George Turner, he would vote for the latter but the new proposal of Mr Reid deserved the most earnest and favourable consideration, said personally he believed that its adop union would result satisfactorily Mr IA NE urged that his amendment should be taken as a test of the national referendum Mr inGGINstxvonld move as an amendment on Sir George Turner's amendment "that the form of refer endum adopted should be the national refer endum The committee div used on Mr AA ise s "-"amendment for a simultaneous dissolution, with a provision that the Senate should not be dissolved within a period of six months immediately preceding the date of the ex join by effluxion of time of the duration of the House of Representatives The In tion resulted as follows - Aves is, So Noca . 20 Majority for the leaves five The following is the division list -is AtlS Rev T P Al botlMr fordon - O Connor Mrs Barton Mr Hiclctt - 1 lacock Mr O Herr) - Hills Fri Quick Mr Finn ki r -Holler Mr Hi 11 \- 6 in others - Isis - Sol more \- 61 Price -Kingston sir C 1 under Tir C eli! urn - louis Mr Walker "" D ills I and - Wise Sir P O line Mr liragi \- fire at Mr M ? Tennis,. - Mo \- li 1 on - Henry \- lionel is sHows - Xinn Sir) Ifcwiior - Innis SI i Min Zeal Sir T Jones I like the committee then decided on Mr Lyne's amendment providing for a national referendum 'He national referendum was negatived by a majority of 20, the numbers being - Ages 10 Noes 20 The following is the division list - MAILS Sir C Perry - - Bill "has - Line Mr Brunker - Hollier - O Connor \- Carruthers - James - Hen! \- Deakin's ora Sir! P Abbott sir I O I and Mr Lewis Mr Hutton Mr tljin - Macmillan \- ]!ri"(Ts - ( r Ion - Moore- Brown C nut - 1 Lacock \- dirk - link It Dr Quick \- Coikl urn - Henning- Mr Solomon \- Crow der - Harry - Sjnioti \- Dobson - love She 61 farmer - \- Douglas - sides sir V enn Sir J Downer - wellington -Wallis Sir I I arrest - Leal e - M IbO Mr T Power Sir J Lee Steere Sir Wm Zeal The committee then divided on Sir George Turner's amendment providing for a dual referendum after a simultaneous dissolution. [ The result of - the visIon was as follows:- .. j Ayes is. w s, -...._ -4 18 ' - Noes ....-._...-._."_.__, 27 ; Majority against the dual re' .ferendum....» 9. The following is the list:- - - AA'CS. Sir T. Abbott Sir P. O. Fysh Mr. Kingston \- 61. Berry Mr. Glynn a - Peacock Mr F in Holder Dr. Quick \- Clarke - Howe Mr. Solomon Dr. Cockburn - hand Sir G. Turner I -saw - James Mr. Walker. NOES. Mr. Burton Mr. Fraser Mr tra \- IlriirBs - Gordon - McMillan \- Brunker - grant - Moore \- Carruthers - Hackett - O'Connor -Crowder - Henning - Held \- Dobson Henry Son motif \- carries - Harris - Venn Sir J. Downer - Leake - Wise \- J. Forrest Bar.Lee Steere Sir W. Zeal. Mr. CARRUTHERS then moved his amendment providing for the joint sitting of both Houses and a necessary majority of three-fifths of the total number of members of both Houses. Sir GEORGE TURNER said that such a provision would enable the Senate to consider money bills. Progress was then reported, and at mid- night the House adjourned till the following day. OPPOSITION TO EQUAL SENATE REPRESENTATION. SYDNEY, Monday-. A meeting of 25 members of the Legis ture, held at Parliament-house this afternoon, decided to "stump the country" after the adjournment of the Federal Convention against the principle of equal representa- tion of states in the Senate as agreed by that body. PROTEST BY THE WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION. ADELAIDE, Monday. The Women's Christian Temperance Union Convention on Saturday resolved that this convention regrets the injustice shown to the women of Australasia by the delegates who voted against adult -suffrage in the Federal Convention, and the disloyalty displayed by the seven South Australian delegates to the women of their own colony-." It was resolved also that the Queensland Union be thanked for the extremely courteous manner in which the delegates were received and entertained at the late Triennial Australasian Convention, held in Queensland a short time ago. 