CURING CLAXTON. Ned C'axten MRS ttie bully of the works. A fuir Land at his trad'..- and tegular as tho clock, lio hud been ) romotoel to the position of fere, folau in the me uhlii g-shop, vested with a little t'Oal und mush iir.eguiaiy authority. Ned Ltd IHVer been a favourite with any of the bunds for ft sourer or moru tetchy mortal never drew Wage at Cram lea Woi ks. His elevation msfls him into'ei ab'e. it was a nine days' wonder i'.t tho woiks that so g. nt'e a rise in the mduaUifcl scale could have ^i\\-eti any sane cieature S'J h> Anted an idea of l.is own importance as ti-S.6 which Claxten po.'sensed t fter being raited to tho position of foieman. He was one of those Who believe tbat auihority is meant to be exfcrtifed, so was vt ry prodigal in his use of such us lay in his hands. • The 'preniice-l.03 s abhorred l.im, whilst the older men would have disdained to kick him. He was snappish and overbearing, without a thought save that of getting the work out of hand as quiekly ai.el cheaply as he could. And in this, it may be chronicled as matter of fact, that he was less successful than old D.v.'u Maitland, who preceded him, or young Bob Creivdson who followed liirn. I3< th vioro quiet and methodical, but the moulding-shop proypere d under each of them. C'luxtoii wmi't always a bully. Beforo he gavo ti e job up he changed, and it was Bob Crowdsc'n who changed him. Bub's treatment nearly give Claxten his final promotion—or degiadntion. But that's the story. ; Bob was a strapping young fellow of twentysmart and steady, with a head full of i,iiical school and an irrepressible desire to, git i n. Ho bad served his time at tbe Cranelea Woiks, and had laid -,ne of tbe proprietors -under a debt of gratitude to him, so 'vas regarded as being peculiarly " yell in " with the management- How Bob had done himself a good turn was by living tho life of 'Norman Westleigh, son of Charles Normwn Westleigh, 1 one of tho proprietors and managing dircctpt of tho works. Norman, a. frolicsome iad ol nineteen, was in thei fitting-shop learning thtj business. Bob and he had become attached tc each o! her. One hot July atteruoo 1 : Norraan had slipped out to have a dip in the works 1 iesei voir. He was a poor swimmer, and a.ftei swimming into deep water became exhausted, His cries for help brought the hands out of Ihe mouldiug-shcp en masse. Seeing head in th° reservoir, Bob Crewdson dashed into the water and after a hard straggle deposited Norman Westleigh on th bank, more dead than alive, For which action Charles Noiman Westleigh aja his son were ever after grateful. The esctaohineat between Bob and Norman grew stronger, } ,. Genftroas ar.d true-hearted, Bob Crewdson -detested Claxton ' • He's a disgrace to the works." he ^ould say. •• If I were principal I'd clear him in twenty minutes," Claxton learned of the mutinous thoughts and feelings which possessed Bob Crewdson,? and would gladly hive kicked him out of the place. But Claxton's authority fell short of any fummwy execution or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them knew it, j The latest addition lo tbe large staff of the Cranelea. Works was a wisp of a boy named Peter. He was a nee, blue-eyed laddie, with hair as soft and light as flax, and, according to the best information to hand, wss nobody's child. He was 13, had come out of an orphanage, and was living with an old woman wliofe principal means of livelihood was an oldfashioned and creaky mangle. Peter had comc into the works to make his living, like a man. Claxton bullied the boy until he cried from sheer bewilderment. One cold and stormy day Claxton sent Peter out fo? his own dinner. On getting back, Pater tripped over an iron bsi which lay on the floor ->t the moulding-shop, and in an instant Clapton's dinner mingled with the black sand and the fragments of the plates which had contained it. A loud laugh broke involuntarily from the men as they observed the disaster, and three of them ran to the aid of little Feter. Claxton grew black as thunder. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy young fool he administtred to him a heavy cuff which stretched him a second time on the sand. ; "'Ere," he growled. "Go right back to my house and bring some more dinner, and let mo see you throw that away and I'll sack you. Ge«. on, you little fool ! It was raining hard. Peter who had on but a ihin '' slop " jacket, hobbled away, tubbing his leg. Three quarter J of an hour later he hobbled back again with the fresh dinner, wet to thqi skin. At night the lad went home chilled to the marrow, took to his bod, and remained in it for nearly a month, teudcily cured for by the 1 old mangle woman. " The scamp want* shooting for treating the kid in thit way," said Bob Crewdson, learning that little Pi te: W33 at home straggling wiih a fever brought on by exposure to the rain. "I'll pay him off for that some how, or icy name isn't [Crewdson," ho a (Uteri savagely. I At half-past five ''-'clock that night Boh Crewdson and NoTmauWestleigh were observed in subdued co'ju'orsalion ia tbe engine-house. iCrewdson was explaining someth ing io Norman, the youth oeicasionally interrupting him with a query or objection upon some point,and Crewdson pausing to argue or make the matter plain, By six o'clock a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. " I woulda's like to get tbe scoundrel th< 'sack,' though he deserves it, : ' said Bob Crewdeop,as they were ou the point of paiting for the iilgui/, - Yve n De quits witn bim, though, sea if ••ro're not." Like most bullies, Ned Claxton was at heart) 1 JUi arrant cosvard. lb was the knowledge of this that led Bob Crixvdson to determine almost lo "frighten the life out of hnn." for his harr.h treatment of the hands in general, and of little Peter in particular. Ib VMS six o'clock on the morning but OfiO fcTESi' Crewdson and Norman AVeatleigh had vtH;Uei\ te-gcther in the engins-houue. Mtd Ckxton had just entered the «or.ks with k eufi« §e(.|iH?i:tial air. Bob Crewdson, hands itf packets, und the very picture of neriohalaisij in* Cliiltii'ettrd, .IppiCaehed h:;r. 1 1 Uood periling, Ned," said Bob airily, il Mor..lhV' growled C'i'.icofl, casting ii cbli-> tetojjiuoas look on tha young moulder. Bob Crtv/dr-LiU Masted back. IIw bands rosd befot'O L'tn a IcoU of alarm overspread hid face, " What's lo da with you said Ciaxtotf grullh', with bti Odtll. " ('ood heavens ! What's the matter with you, Ned ? " exeUitned Crewdson, gazing with a st»itied look into Claxton's eyes. Claxton turned pale, " Wha—what's to do he asked, with terror lu tone and features, " AVhy—you're like a corpse, man. Go anJ lock in Ihe class in the office. What's the mit ter with you ? '' Nowt as I know of," camo a shaky rcply( as Claxton, now hardly able to walk steadily^ passed oil, Approaching the moulding-shop he encountered Jake Grainger, a moulder. Jake stopped ; stepped backward, and stared into Claxton^ face, with a look of blank astonishment. " What's up ? " asked Claxton hardly able tc aiticulate a word. _ " Are you bad, Ned ? " was the answer, with simulated concern. "Not as I'm aware of. Why?" " You le^ok more fit for bed than work. If I were you I'd see the doctor. Man ! You are white as a sheet." Grumbling an incoherent something, Ned Claxton staggered on. Work had started, Claxton had occasion to go to the engine-house. Harry Eedfern the driver was cleaning up, after oiling and starting the engine. Ho turned as Claxton entered,and immediately cast upon him a lcok of amazement. "What's the matter with you, Ned ?"he asked, gazing intently at Claxton. " Nothing. Why ?" came the answer, a3 Claxton struggled hard to keep a brave front under this third attack. " You do lock bad. You're as pala as death. "'Am I ?''retorted Claxlon, breaking down pgain. " You are that. If I were ycu I would go home and go to bed. There's sunamat on you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort in time." Claxton thought so. Muttering an incoherent reply, with a cursory glance round the place he p ssed out again. Ho was inexpressibly miserable. Something must be the matter with him he thought. Something was the matter with him. He could feel it. After an aimless walk around the works, he arrived at the fitting-shop. He had no immediate business there, yet he entered and looked around The hands were at work; Norman Westleigh had started and saw: him as he came in. As Claxton neared, Norman stopped his work and went towards him. < " Ne—d ! " exclaimed Norman in alarm, " What iu the name, of goodness has come over you ? Ycu are as pale as death, Are you ill ? " Only mMdiiag like this morning." was tia«j answvr. : " You do look bad. I'd see the doctor at once if J were you. Doesn't hs look bad ? " ; The query was addressed indefinitely to the men near. " Ho does that," was tlx reply ef voices in unison "Seethe doctor," ?aH Norman Westleigh, with a penetrating gazo into C'laxtoirs face. " I—I mean So." was *ihn rr»!y, as Claxton turned from the fitting shop, He could stand no -rioro of ft. A moment late;: he re-?ntc-rod Ihe littiug shop iad staggered up to Norrnan Westleigh. " I'ra going home,'' ho said, in shaky tones. Tell them I'.n ill, wiil you, Norman ? " " I'll tell them," said Norman, lowering his head to hide the twinkh; which was playing io his eye. Before Claxton reached the door of the works he was stopped by a fireman. "Whatover's the matter ^vith you, Ned ? You look as pale as a ghost," was the salutation. f i " Bad '. " was the answer. Going Lome, bad." Claxton passed out, pent home and to bed, and ordered his wife to bring the doctor immediately. His pale, anxious face was ;» 2«ffi« cient answer to her look of inquiry. His wife hurried away. Iii an hour the doctor stood by Claxton's bedside. That th<re was something wrong with the man tho do'itor felt convinced when he had finished his examination. '.Tuition truthfully reported that he felft too ill to talk or eat or da anything. As to tbe precise, aature the ailment the doctor was as ignorant as a child, So he prescribed a simple medicine, gave a iiumher of wise, hygienic instructions and took his departure. On the following Friday Norman Westleigh tntered tho moulding - shop at thres o'clock in the afternoon in a state of high excitement. Walking up lo Bob Crewd« son, he motioned to hiui to come outside, Mot accompanied him (o » quiet corner ot the wo>ks; " Bob,'" ^aid Norman, with cnteigneet concern, " what in Heaven's name are we lo do r Claxton's dyi,ig. It's a fact. Th:-:v've just sent down to tha office to say co. We've frightened him to death." " Bosh !" (^claimed Crewdson scornfully. " KVs true as gospel. He's worried himse'I to pieces. He's dying. Th^y don't know what to make of it, only that he's ill and about done for. If he dies aad itgets out, w-o'is m for manslaughter. Do you v.ad-vrstand Get tne hisaddrsss, and tell them I've gone Up to ee» him. I'll m«v8 that all right,'' said Urc w its on confidently. An hour later Bob C; c\vdson stood by tho bod-side of Ned ClaSta- Vol? eni'.e Bob was alarmed. Clastoil appeH'od to he dying. "Ned ! ''lie exclaims;!, g!'a?pjt1K tho sick man's, hand. " have) dona ?vith til's feoling, You'it no more ill than I am. Teliing you you werl ill was all a ' put-up job. ; Wo did it to pay you oft for being so snarly and brutal with littl< Pete.". You wanted flogging, you mean scamp, Now turn out iiiid come to work, and b'ehavt yourself like a man. You're as well as I am," Bob Crewdson told the whole story to Mrs. Claxton and Mrs. Claxton told it to the doetov. The doctor looked grava, and then rated Claxton sour.diy for being a fool. 'Whereupon Claxton commenced instantly to get better for very spite and perversity. On the following Monday morning Ned Claxton turned up at the woiks at the custom- «uy hour. He was changed both in looks and manner. The knowledge that he would thereafter bo the laughing-stock ji tho Cranelea Work? was an intolerable bu:-:dM to him. ICvery vestige of tyranny had beoa eradicated from Jit.T., and he might have worked ou bravely untiUi'j UAd -x.ad-5 by-fronea by-gones, and livid down the old and bad record, and the laugb had spent itself. But the sight of little Peter, more fair and frail tnan bver, coming feebly, into the works 1 fortnight later was too much for hiu.i. | "I'm going. I can't stand no more of it," he said as he rushed into the cffice,made a brief communication to the timekeeper, and theD slunk away to the rear of the works. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson was put in charge of the moulding-shop, and little; Peter was taken into the office. To-day Bob is the trusty manager of Cranelea AVorks, a clever, practical scientist, goodhearted, and respected by 1,500 uien. Peter is assistant cashier, and may some day be but that's another story. 