0 N AND OFF THE COURSE. BY THE HEATHEN. THE Barcaldine Central Racing Club have issued their programme for a two day's meet ing on Wednesday and Friday, 1st and 3rd September. The day between is to be devoted to bicycle races, so that visitors will Lave three days' enjoyment offered to them, with an agreeable change in the second day. The added money amounts to £250. Proceedings commence on the first day with the Trial Stakes, value £15; this is followed by the lBt Corinthian Handicap, of £20; B.C.R.C. Handicap, of £40 ; Hack Selling Bace, of £5; Town Plate Handicap, of £20; and the Flying Handicap, of £25. The first race on the second day is the Shorts Handicap, of £20; the 2nd Corinthian, of £20, comes next; and then Railway Handicap, of £30 ; Selling Race, of £15; Publicans' Purse (the re surrection of nn old friend), of £25; and 'Farewell Handicap, of £15. Wednesday, 11th August, is the day up to which nomina tions will be received for the B.C.R.C., Fly ing and Railway Handicaps, the weights being promised on the 28th, and acceptances will be due on the 30th August. Saturday, 28th August, is the day of general entry for all other events except Selling Races. THE members of the Mitchell District Grassfed Racing Club ought to have some good fun over the meeting to be held at Aramac on the 8th and 10th September. The published programme contains five events for each day, the amount of added money being about £150. This is quite enough for a meeting that is intended more for friendly rivalry and genuine sport than to provide fortunate owners of the best goers with substantial prizes. The events on the first day are briefly-Opening Handicap, £10; Trial Stakes, £10; Ladies' Gift (handi cap), £25, three prizes; Flying Handicap, £15; Rodney Stakes (handicap), £15. Second day-High-Weight Handicap, £15; Shorts Handicap, £15; Club Handicap, £25: Corin thian, Race, £10; 1'arewell Handicap, £10. Horses are to be in the Secretary's hands for paddocking not later than 4 p.m. on 3rd August, and they will be kept until the 31st. Nominations for all races to be in the hands of the secretary not later than 8 p.m. on Wednesday, 1st September. The first lot of weights are promised on 6th September, and for the second day on 9th September. Ik our report of the committee of the Longreach Jockey Club in this week's issue, a slight error occurs in the wording of the resolution proposed by Mr. Klugh having reference to Mr. Edkins' proposition re defi nition of an amateur. The motion in ques tion should read "That the C.Q.R.A. be asked to accept Mr. Edkins' definition of an amateur, and that the six months alluded to begin three months before the time of the adoption of the definition." THE Rosehill Cup field of 43 was very nearly a record, comments an exchange. In England there were 44 starters in a race won by Croagh Patriok. The Caulfield Cup field totalled 41 when G-race Darling won, and there were 42 starters in a race at Caulfield, won by The Ghost, in 1884. The field at Rosehill would have been larger had not the supply of riders run short, three or four horses having to be scratched for the want of jockeys. A Sydney paper says:-For years past the patronage accorded by Victorian horse owners to the leading race meetings on this side of the Murray haB been dropping off. It would appear that during the coming spring we shall see less of them than ever, as not a single nomination has been received for either the Epsom Handicap or Metropo litan. Now they, on the other hand, were well represented at the race meetings re cently held in Adelaide, at which place the totalisator is in force. We are always being told by the opponents of the machine that racing will not go ahead in any place in which it is in use, yet it would appear that the Victorian horseowners prefer to go to the Adelaide meetings instead of those held in Sydney. At the latter place we have all the big bookmakers assembled at race time from each colony. Yet the horseowners go to the place at which the machine is worked. According to the returns the entries for the Epsom Handicap number 87, while the Metropolitan has 60. The total for both events is thus below last year's record. THE sporting writer of the Towers Miner says:-The practice of jostling appears to be on the increase, and unless checked by stewards there will be trouble before long. The rider of the leading horse not far from home appears to think he can go across to meet anything coming at him, and bustle his rival out of the race. This was successfully tried once at the late Towers meeting, and if Surprise had not got home in the Shorts, it iB almoBt a certainty he would have been awarded the race for the same cause. These tarradiddles about horses not finishing straight are played out; it is the riders that won't finish straight. THE steamer Nuddea, whicli left Melbourne the other day for the East, took an import ant consignment of Australian horses. The shipment included the well- known trotting mare Water Lily, and the jumpers Kim bolton, Mignon, Morago, and The Stringer; also the horses Spray, Defender, and Divinity. Ox the seoond day of the Townsville Turf Club annual meeting Surprise was a strong favorite for the Selling Race and quite justi fied the confidence of his backers, although he got a bad start and collided against a post in the circle round. Mr. P. Cameron bought Stfrprise in, the Club netting £40 by the transaction, £100 being the sale prioe given, srhereas he was entered to be tola for £60. Tbb annual meeting of members of tbe Queensland Turf Club was held on July 16th. The report showed a profit of £2056 on the year's operations. The balance sheet disclosed a gratifying increase in revenue from all sources, the revenue for the year being £13,389, an inorease of £11802 as com pared with the previous year. The Hon. B. Morehead was re-elected president, and Mr. Justice Power vice-president. 1 NOTICE that Dr. Jim, the top-sawyer at the recent Clermont meeting, is nominated for three handicaps at the Mackay Turf Club's meeting on tbe 28th and 29th inst. In the Members' Handicap, 1 mile, be heads a list of 10 with list. 101b. In the Turf Club Handicap, li miles, the "doctor" is ninth in a list of eleven with 7st. Sib. In tbe Pioneer Handicap, li mile, tbe position is elerenth in a list of 14 with 7st. 51b. NBWHATBN is now resting after his voyage preparatory to bis taking part in forthcoming engagements. He is being trained by Black- j well at Newmarket. 