THE GHOST OF SEA YVAL. , To be let or sold. A ewll-furnished IP-room cottage. Lovely scenery. close to pea, Good fishing. Low reqnt. pply agent, sea Yale, Somerset: .. '. The above advertisement in a London paper wa the talisman whioh drew as to iea Vale, a quiet waterin pice on the rzis tol Chappel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated .town life; but we had lived in Lorldon for the sakeipf the boys. Their education was now completed, and all being well oat of hard, thera remained no hindrance to ny father's modest aribition for life ini the country, with a bit of fishin to while away the time. The N~ll was a low, irregularly built bouse, ivy clad, and nestling at the foot f' a larch-crowned hill, the slopes of whichO .were. clothed with mossy turf, jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink sea thrift, dainty harebells and golden trefoil, - In front of the houie was - large gar den overflowing -with fruit ý,and -flowers grqwing--with little regard to order, l abt presenting a'beautiful whqle to- lovei of old fashioned gardening. Great-bush roses, glowing with -jasses of bloom, sweet Williams "-in: edless- variety, pinks, larkspurs, arid . quaintjfaed paei grew side by side with fitaee n ege tables; : ..,,,........ · J < :I":.*': About a mile beyond the gardenF Iay he phanuel, of which there wasan unbrokeg view. from every, wiidow. . . The inside of. the .house proved exceed ingly comfortable, altdhouigh the entra8nd6 was soimewhat mean, there 1bhi~g .o?ly a. plill hall, with the foot of 'the, stairs . lose to the door on one side, and a. long narrow window on the other. This was exactly opposite the dining-room door, which room was of rather unique: shapeI having an alcove facing the door. Had the alcove: been ateitheslrd of the room it would havegivenlength, butso placed it seemed meaningless, ad4 uselss, except for the purpose of keeping out of the-' way a. high, cumbersome, antique cabinet, which' otherwise would have greatly trespaisd on the very limited space. The Knoll was the property of, a Mrs Marsh, but she had not cared to live theie lince the death of her husband five years pgo, The absurdly low rent .and- the discovery that the Knoll had changed tenants nipe times within five years made miy father ?dubious whether this seemingly charming haven of rest might pot prove defective in the matter of drains or water supply. But he decided to take it for,, six months with the option of purchase at the end of that time. We went in at midsummer and by Christ pas were so well satisfied that we had fallen upon a bargain such as we were scarcely likely to again meet an equal that my father was about making arrangementi for pur chasing, when an incident occurred which altered our desire to possess this pictiresque cottage, It was Christmas Eve. All my brothers were expected home by the last train, I and my sister, Madge, were putting up evergreens in 'the hall. Darkness fell upon us before we had cbidr pleted our task, but the lamp and filigkth streming froi the open door of the' diningj room (where Hannahb;:our, one domestic, was laying the table in readiness for the travel-, Icrs) was quite sufficient Madge, who was on a step ladder, placing ivy over the window, suddenly gave a pierc ing shriek, and fell in a heap ;on the floor, covering her eyes as though to shut out some fearful sight. : * " Hannah rushed out of the dining-rpm,: and in so doing closed the door after her, which added to the conf:'sion until my father came' ygnning down stairs with a~light:. : ? . , What upon earth is the matter f he exclaimed, as Madge, springing : up, threw. herself into. his arnms and.qried here face: on his shoulder. SOQb, father,' she cried; I saw a ;.dreadful old man at the window. He looked as if he were dead. Is he there now V and she shud dered asshe clun' to him. ..I.'. - . ". . '.. My father opened the front door, but noth ing could he seen but.the laurel bush,. which grew:lose undir the wianow.n.- .; :" .'"' iK ' There is no one there. Youa< are: over tired, Madge,1 he said,- somewhat sternly. 'Hannah, take all' this rubbi~h awviy'- givy ing the holly a kick as it lay on the-floidrand be led Madge off into the dining room and poured her out a glass of wine, hut she could pot be convinced that it was her perves that were at fault. < Would you mind staying with me .Misis Hanley, while I clear up ' the holly x .'sid Pannabh. ' - I Why, Hannah f I laughed:' Surely you are not afraid of the mq q it the wig-, dow ' 'Yes I am, Miss,' she returned in m dogged way, I and you must please get someone else as soon as you .can, Idursn'tstay here now that Miss Mag 5-seen ~Marsh. SOld Marsh !. What do you mean . ' Whyit,was im, Miss, sure enough, as Miss Madge saw, I was told when I came here that I should-never stay because of old Marsh's ghost. But I didn't hbelieve in ghosts, then, and said I'd risk seein' 'in anyway ; but you see, Miss, it is true enough.,;; .:;:+>? -. ,. ' I really do not understand you, Hannah. I Whois old Marsh . ' Why, Mrs'Marsh's bhusband, Miss; He committed suicide out in the. garden; .there. That is why Mrs Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marsh comes and looks |n at the hall window, He:,Ijksjust as he did when in his coffin, I dare not live here, Miqs so please take a month's notice.. :;,. 'Really, Hannah, 4 anm astonished .that a woman of-your age and sense should believe so impossible a story. I suppose. you 'have been telling Miss Mailge all about this absurd rumor. . . ' No, indeed, Miss, I have not..' I prom . ised Mr Small, the - agent, 1 wouldn't:' tell why the other people lift, and .:I ishouldn' wawu gi. a4 wQoru qoW j. ala, Ars ? flQn't 6QBa back. *- . The arrival of the boys dismissed for .the time all thoubnht of old Marsh, although Madge ws so timid in passing the hall window at igsb.t that I was c"arfal q e lBatthe bhi d w drawv atd dar- . . ; The isolated position of the house had, hitherto made this seem unnecessary. My father and the boys treated her . aiarm and Hannah's determination to 'leatve as, ;; huge joke, until one night when T - had. for gotten to draw the blind, Berpard, myyo~ung-g est brother, went from the drawipgroom, where we all were, tq fetch saoeting from the dining-room. ' Father,' he calledl ''come here quickly. The sharp ring of terrs or orpain'-we co ~di not tell. which i-- is. his voicer made us all foilow. my father into the ball. - ? oobk; cried.Bernard; who, with blanched: face, stogd i'?dway b:etweeni ; th dihiing room and .thp' hali, 'windowvf '' I that old SThere, sure enoughli?n the upper part pf the; ,windo. we all coiId distihrtly" see th: he and shoulders:af an o:ld mans.... . :. :.;e,:. Theb.features set; the eyelids: closed,: as- in the awful stillness of death. - ::: . I: life i·ico?sld not have been other than an: uppleasing faces .but withl the seal.. of i eath adding to. ,its -coldness and ':hardness, ".it appeared-positively hideous - - Si This must hbe a cleverly. played,trick,' said my:father, going close up to... the .glass. and peering out, But the cold,. still fa~e .seemed to mock him, for there it was, ini shadowy outline against the laurels. ?":1 .He and the boys searchei a?roundthe'" bushes, but nothing could they- see i-o,. he~ar save the soughing of the wind and- the mur mir of the distant sea. rour. after hour we kept going out into the hall to see if the-shadowy-foripof the old man were still there. Yes, there it was, and its very iimmiovable=: ness added:to its horrible fascination. It'was long after midnight before we could be persladed to dispeise aithobgh father upon his: return from puttiig. out.'the lights iu the. dining-room, thankfully informed us that; the horirid face-had disappeared. - S'I will .fathon this to-morrow,' said he, 'or else.. we will, gboui?of :tle hoe e. at once,e I. will see the agent and hearwhathe.has to say ahoutthis cock-and-bull story. Hanasah tells': Accordingly the next.day he '~ent .to Sea SVale. The agent allowed that it was reported that The Kndll was'haunted, but, said he,.' That, air, is easily accounted. for. because, of :" Mr Marsh destroying himself in the garden facing the ihouse. -People are always ready to declare a place haunted that has been the scene of a suicide oraimuarder... Squite so,' agreed my father. ' I am no believer in ghosts, but the fact' remains that my'daughters, a fortnight ago, 'saw- the head and.shoulders of an old man,, apparently dead and we all ,saw ,the'. same face. .last .niight through the window. On no account shall I Sremain at -the Knoll unless the affair is cleared "up, Will you spend an evening with us I 'Should the face again appear you: will at least be'able to tell us if it resembles the late Mr. Marsh ~ : Willingly the agent acquiesced ; but-thoughb he came for a whole week nothing was seen of the apparition. That the man thought us little less" than idiots we were well aware, 'I think, sir,' aid be one evening when he rose to go, you will allow that it is useless my cominmg out here night after iight.? ' It does seem-like it,' riturned my fathei-r _I but.copen udtil the.end of this?week, . . : 'At thiM momient Hahnah' burst: into the !:room without eeremopy, crying, '.Old Marsh ! Quickly- we went intb:the hall, and agais? were confronted by the cold shadowy form of , the dead man. . The agent took one glance and putting up his -arms to ward oiff the dreadful sight, e; claimed in hushed, horrified tones; J 'It is he, sir, it is MrMarsh . •Explahtnion there wasinone,. Sleep in that house another night not one .of va would.2 " .:: !: ,.. . .: ..... " ..:::, ::. . I4ate though it wais, we walked into Sea Vale nZl toobk. rqooms :uitil scidh timtisB s '-we could remove our belongipgs: SThe agetit refused. 'to agai i undertake the letting of The: Knoll - \- He wrote Mirs"Marish afull" acoul '6f Whiat he had. hirus'elf witnessedd.i : '.. 'The 'followingday brought him· a letter froin Mrg *rsh; who cnmiuenced by express ing thankfulness to have at last. discoveore. the:reason why she: could .?ot. keep a. teianit. SHaving no portrait of her husband she had ;:a' cast tii kn'liakite'r death and a st cii ust Beeted by. a .well kanows sculptor. :..::. . SThis hust she felt'sue:' wias not a thing strangers would cae to hariioto ! - . \- Thereforewhen she let TheKpollfurnished, it was placed on thietop:of.the. oak-: cpbin-t facing the dining room door. ............ That it was the reflectio :of' this .boust thrown upon the hall window she had 'bu? little doubt. - - -. . She req.ested the agent to ask my -father to:go witi hit? Tohe .K.oill and-see f?rkhimrn self.* . - ' " Wesrwant that night in abody... . SNothing could he seen of-the b:hust from the floor, :hutupon climbing to the :top.. o-. the step ladder there it. wvas, pushed' far backe against the wall in the hollowed arch of :~the .We :ighted t i"igps .and went':e "intor:theo: hail . ' - - There, as efore, wasthe faee that d sind siaruimd us and previous tenants,1, Upon. clo.sing ,-the k..door , it,, af, course, instantly vanished. - SWe are still living at our beautiful cottage,' and we often congratulate ourselves upomnethe fortunate diaeovery~ of-. aq., optical.-.illusion, which, upon the removal of the:bust, happily freed us from thepresenp ~i of The IMan at the Wilid*w.-'Iu' don Dramatic News., S:Alittle four-year-oid occupied an upper Sberth in'tliheleepingAar. 'A"iwakening once -ih the maiddle of the night, his: mother :asked • him if heI;knw"where he was. ' Tourse I do,' he replied. ----I'an-- in the top drawer.' j' Youth's Qompanion..: ...-,-- - o lOU~a ightpayte: 'Qy lwong doeaa aia have to study ithe wants to be:a good lawyer, Lawyer Sp~rpe ' Wi do.. you. a~sk'i that questiodW1'"Ba'kauTse, am thinking of study ug iaw ys" " j ".. nqreq. "ears?. O hicago Triune. . A, Philadelphia ooulist who habs bee'tudyq i ijg the human eyef~or ( years declaes that ail great men of the piat~nd preseant -ie or ; had, r grey iye6 g~~0~» :.rce( 