A SYDNEY MIRACLE. .INVESTIGATXiN BY A REPORTEH. THE ISTBISETINGn CASE OF Mn. THOAS JABVIS, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS . AGO AH was CRIPPLED -PARTIALLY PAAI.TZED, . SUFFPEBIG FBOM LOCO M0oro AT;AX a, AND HELPILESS. D00 TORS, HOSPITrAL ACTIIoaITlES. AND EVEyOSE SAID HE MUST DIs, As'IS%:"`. CAsE WAS HOPELESS. BT THEY WERE MISTAKES. TO-DAY HE IS 'A NEW MAN, rOLL OP LIFE AND ElKEEGY, HIS CRUTCHOS sE HAS THROWN AWA,. HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED,s A. A I TAcr, HE HAS8 A NEw LEAiSE O LIFEa OUT AND OUT. So much Interest has been -shown by onr readers in this marvellos case that we have published the facts again as they' appeared in the " Australian Workman " a few weeks ago:- '. -' . I , I i . ;-': One afternoon our representative sade is - way'to the home of Mr. Thoia" .Jarvis, 45'; Crown-lane, Ultimo. He- wasadincovered nursing a. two-year-old baby, and'hin' fae' 'declarod him to be one of the happiear'men*.t in Sydney.' e was up and about and ablet. to answer the knock at the door., . In reply to the preliminary qestiohs,he said : "You want tri 'nkow all abouitmy case? The facts may be'of valuiesto thoseh who are stricken as I was." :.. .. " How long were you suffering?' . - " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad' that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing oinco then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with asoaidesnt I wa badly scalded while taking a bath i Pitt-strel.eoSydsey;' Sines thlbscciddent ; have heer in oailio' lth; and after for. ears of gradual development of the malady I foced to give up my billet at tbhe Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" Simply iudescribable. The pains were. something terrible. They were just about' aa mochbas I couldbear. Theywereforall the world like as if a saw were cutting mty bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and' 'wa a nuisance to myself and everybody else. - I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and . could-neithEr eat or sleep. On the 23rd hMarch last Isaw a well-known doctor. and he told me that my case was tterly 'hope less. However, he gave me an order to'the: Director of Charitable Institutions?' " Did youn make use of the order " "No; I came home and went to bed, ano have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I coold not walk across the flBoor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. . I-, felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give' up the ghost. My doctor was attending we, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the 'gony I was in. I was' nde rhim orfive orsi weeks. He cams to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor atnaxy. a disease of the spinal cord, charac tised by peculiar dieturbance of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years. and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Joet then the patient kicked his le's about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infalliable). - Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at' a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by. the advertisement describing the ours effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the "Aus tralian Workman," by Dr. Williama' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the ad vertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was ablo to eat and sleep as i though nothing was the matter with me. It, was the first appetite and rest I bid.fori> manya day. It was inredible. Iimmedi atelyleft the bed and was able to move abot. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills Sduring th paub lour esla, ad aoianow ttak.. -, ing the BIlth hox. I'can walk' about'with'.-^'1'H the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but. suorely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches heres SThey were made for me before I got Dr. 1 Williams' Pink Pills, but I was. too weak to Suse them, and now Ldon't want them. All I Swant is thi stick, and I hope soon to do a without it. You see I am rapidly regaining i my strength"' a "m e is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby I on her knees, " Dr. Willias'sa link Pills" S have saved his life, and made another man of him." ' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that ' i day than he did a fortnight previously. . " I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a' cold bat, anod all the feeling has come back' in my legs.. If I keep ongoing tbo way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in. the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. Iascribe all the change and benefit to' these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. SIam in no pai now whatever and feel like a. ut they cantay where they are. for I longer need them. Everybody who knows 1 me.has been amazed in the change 'in me. SThey can hsrdly believe their eyes. My. being about again has caused quite a aensa. I tion out here." Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what has been said in all the principal ' newspapiers of this country of the astonishing 1 cure" wrought by Dr. Williama's Pink Pills for Pale People. They care locomotor taxy partial paralysis nod spinal disease, also the r many disordera which arise from an impover r ished state of the blood, such as anmmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muascu P Ir weakness, indigestine, loss of appetite, e shortness of breath, pains in the back, I nervons headache, &o.; e These Pills are a tonic, not A purgttive. SThey re enuioe only with the full name, SDr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People, t and 'are 'sold by chemists aeil storekeepers ' generally. or the Dr. Williams Medieine C3. Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on er ceipt of stamps or post order one box for 2,. Sd., or half-dozn forfr 14s.L9d 