THE MERCURY. I BOBABT. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 17,1897. m EPITOME OF NEWS. Mr. John Gunn, of Launceston, diod yes tord ay afternoon, aged 66. Rich gold reef struck at Panama, assaying up to SOoz. per ton. Sorell Road Trust election on 10th prox. Nominations on 3rd. Sorell Creek Road Trust election. Nomi- nations received up to the 3rd prox. St. Patrick's concert this eTening at Teniporance-hall. Assessment Appeal Court at Swansea on Um 27th inst. Four clear days' notice re- quired. Juvcnilo orchestra gives vocal and instru- mental entertainment at Temperance- hall on 24th ¡nat. J he Freemasons'-bali Co. last evening adopted rules and regulations for exten-tiug the powers of tbo company. Pacific Lodge No. G T.O. holds regular mealing this evening at 7.3(1 Visiting brethren invited. Annual session of General Assembly of Presbyterian Church of Tasmania opened at I aunceston last evening. Harvest thanksgiving and Sunday-school anniversary Jiagdad Congregational Church to-morrow. hxtiaordinary electipn Richmond Munici- pality on 3rd proximo to ntl vacancy paused by resignation of Councillor George Wilson. Church of England Convention for tbo deepening of the spiritual life meetings to be continued at Bt. George's schoolroom to-day and to-morrow. Tenders close to-day for road works Ovstor Oovo and Three Hut Point district ; O radi c Hi)) to Crown lands eastward ; and Mathinna to settlements of Jones, Cornish, and others. Butler oitriidited from America. United States Congres» now in session. Each of the Powers sends GOO soldiers to Crete. Franco withdraws from her isolation over tim Oretan question. King of Benin disinclined to como to terms of peace. Gormans landing large quantities of war stoies at Wnltittch Bay. Best grades of w ool now offering at London sales. i Fire on board the s.s. Pateena. Not mach damage, ... " The Right Hon. Chief Justice Way Uaves Adelaide for England to-day. J Two oontonccs of death rocently passed in Victoria commuted to terms of imprison- ment. Sensational shooting in Swanston-street, Melbourne. Restaurant keeper fires four shots at a woman. Gun burst on board Russian warship. O Hi cor and 14 men killed, 15 others wounded. England, Franco, and Italy bringing friendly pressure to bear on Greeco to relax obstinacy. ' Bulgaria military officers, who bave been on leave, are hurrying to rejoin their regi- ments. Municipal Engineers of England will pro- bably send a surveyor to Australia to report on hardwoods best suitable for street pavi uga. Sporting men in England strongly agitat- ing for révisai of the decision making ready money betting illegal. Vice-Admiral Holmann has tendered his j 1-ftHÍgnntion as Naval Secretary in the German Cabinet. _ THE cablegrams continue to indicate that Greece is still pushing her claims to annex the island of Crete to her picturesque little kingdom-the smallest in Europe. The modern history of the Hellenistic island of Crete ia made up of war, riot, insur-' rection, and intrigue, arising partly from the oppression and corruption of the Turkish Government, and partly from the turbulent character of the population with their strong Greek as- pirations. These aspirations, combined with the generalpolioy of tearing'furkey all to pieces, have stirred np the blood of the Hellenes generally to fever heat, Cretan and Athenian claiming brother- hood and union. This is not the first time that Greece has laid claim to Crete, which originally belonged to the same ancient race. The Greeks, too, do not forget how their forefathers were made to writhe for centuries under the heel of the unspeakable Turk.there fore they long to see their compatriots in blood shake off the same Turkish yoke. Greece has shown her teeth to- wards her old enemy several times dur- ing the past twenty years, and has had one or two sanguinary encounters with the SULTAN'S forces, but the Powers have promptly stepped in and checked further bloodshed. The kingdom was in a very disturbed state during the seventies and part of the eighties, but the Great Powers, seeing that ehe was becoming a menace to the peace of Europe, gave KING GEORGE to understand that unless his countrymen kept quiet and waited for a more convenient season, Greece, as a separate dominion, would have to be wiped off the map. During the Servian war the British Government remonstrated with the KING and his single-chamber Parliament for their bellicose attitude. Early in 1878 an insurrection, stimulated by the Greeks, arose in Thessaly, and ten thousaud of her troops entered the province, with the result that a battle took place at Macrinitza. The lloyal troops got the best of it, and Greece claimed to have both Crete and Thessaly placed under her sway once more. Her claims were promised considera- tion at the Berlin Conference, and, under the Berlin Treaty in 1881, the best part of Thessaly and Epirus were ceded to the Grecian Kingdom. The Turks very reluctantly evacuated, some more sanguinary fights taking place on the frontier, but the Greeks asserted themselves and cleared every Slav out. In the autumn of 1885 the Greek was again in a fighting atti- tude upon the union of Eastern Roumelia with Bulgaria. The reserves were called out, and a war loan con- tracted. In reply to the remon- strances of the Powers, Greece said she had consented to receive less than her due under the Berlin Treaty, and that she claimed to receive an increase of territory if the balance of power in the Balkan Peninsula were dis- turbed. In the joint note of the Powers, KING GEORGE, who had declined to disarm, was informed that England would prevent any attack by Greece upon Turkey. At, the same time Mr. Gladstone, acting on the lines of the' policy just previously pursued by Lord SALISBUKY, ad- dressed a letter to the people of 'Athens, earnestly recommending their countrymen to defer to the wisbes of Europe. They replied by calling out l8 more classes of reserves, amounting to 100,000 men. The British fleet there- upon (in conjunction with the other Powers) proceeded to Suda Bay (Crete), under orders to prevent a col- lision between Greek and Turkish warships, and to enforce the decision of the Berlin Conference. This was followed by an ultimatum on the 26th April, 1886. It did not immediately have the effect expected, but on the 1st of June the KING replied that, having accepted the advice of France, Greece had given au assurance not to disturb the peace any further on this occasion, and the ultimatum was therefore unnecessary. Since then Greece has been pretty tranquil with respect to the question of extending her dominions until the Cretan rebelliou a few months ago I gave her another opportunity to get on the warpath against Turkey, and in what is now happening, with the war- ships of the Great Powers once more in Suda Bay, history is repeating itself. There ismuchdangerof thehot-blooded ness of the Hellenists, and the supine ness ofthe SULTAN and his advisers con- tributing to set Europe ablaze. Much sympathy is naturally felt for the struggling little Power, rising Phoenix like from the ashes of what was once a groat «nipire, and the art centre of the world. Especially is this so, because she has effected numerous reforms, socially, morally, and politically. Monarchical Greece still speaks the dialect of the old Hellenic, "con- taining," at authorities tell us, " forms and'' meanings of words of the most.'i'.r.ciont extraction, and which arc prxsoiveàiu modern speech with less change or oorruption tbau ia many of tho Hellenio authors." HOMER has been said to differ more widely from XENOPHON than XKNONION differs from an Athenian newspaper of the present day. Yet the Greek people, speaking and writing, as they do, a tongue which has been cuirent for the last 1,300 years, bear very little physical resemblanco to their antique ancestors. The reason may be that this deeply interesting country has been so frequently and so thoroughly overrun, conquered, plundered, and re- conquered through the ages by Romiins, Goths, Vandals, Normans, Venetians, and Turks; that the Heracleidoan blood has almost entirely been absorbed by suc- cessive und conflicting foreign strains, mostly ' of a barbaric nature. The Athenians, nevertheless, although they bear no facial resemblance to their countrymen of old, continue to vindi- cate their descent from ancient stems by the very qualities of vivacity, rest- lessness and love of novelty with which they were twitted by their own poeli and prose writers in classical times. The whole Greek Kingdom, with its institutions, its manners, its customs, is from beginning to end anomalous, and to a great extent paradoxical ; still it is but fair to admit that, all these auomalies and para- doxes to the contrary notwithstanding, Greece, as she was recreated by the Gieat Powers some 70 years ago, has far from proved an eutire failure. As a kingdom, she is even a little oldei than Belgium, and, though she has had a revolution or two, in one of which the Bavarian Otho, nicknamed " Ho Skouphos " or "the Night Cap," was dethroned, her revolutions have been almost bloodless,andshe has, so fur, been free from the horrors of civil war. The present Monarch is the second sou of the KING OF DKNMAIIK, a brother of the CZARINA OF RUSSIA and of the PRINCESS OF WALES, and is very much beloved by the people. The Greeks out of Greece have, as a rule, prospered prodigiously through their commeicial keenness and in-' dustry ; nor have they been slow in devoting a large proportion of their wealth to the adornment of Athens and the foundation of schools in their native country. Greece, politically considered, is still on her trial, but, with wise government and moderate measures, she may hope in rime to achieve permanent consolidation, and to see Crete once more administered from the Grecian capital. TUE recent sad disaster on the Derwent, wheieinthreestroug men lost their lives/ leaving widows and families to face the chill penury of the world bereft of their bread-winners, gi vi s rise 'to reflection whether it is, or is not, a wise custom in such cases to make persistent search for the mortal remains of the victims. In sudden drowning, when ready means of rescue are at hand, it is a bounden duty, even at personal risk, to make all eflorts to snatch the victim from the jaws of death, and by every possible means fan tho flickering spai k of life back to vigour, but what does it avail, when all hope of this lins fled.to search and probe the treacherous current for such poor i em nants of torn and mangled mortality as may be brought to tho surface and tnken away for crowners' quest and Christian burial ? Funeral customs are certainly thfi close associations of sorrow and deification of the< departed by hiding their remains in mother earth is 'deemed a holy deed. Bereaved rela- tions like to think of their loved and lost ones softly resting in their silent graves Deep to corruption Slowly down sinking, by cypresses oe'rshadowed until the Angel calls them from slumber. This is the poetical aspect, but prosaically, we know that defunct, physical bodies, whether of man or oeast, must of necessity revert into original elements whether devoured by shark or cast to the four winds of heaven as ashes. Spiritual pastors and mustois teach that in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and that as the earth so the sea shall give up its dead. The natural body is raised a'spiritual body. This is a cardinal point of Christian creed. As Longfellow puts it There is no death! What seems so is transition. Why, therefore, should bei eu, ved friends of those who have sunk beneath the waters, beyond all hops of succour, fret and fume and harrow up their souls in efforts to bring back to the light of day gruesome relics simply to lay them again in loathsome earth-house 1 Con- ventional custom is strong, and in nothing so much as in tieatment of the dead. And jet in theoe days of ad- vancement, when even cremation is taking the place of interment, and the trappings of woe are being dispensed with as costly superfluities, surely funeral obsequies woujd be accorded as much reveienihd respect when chanted athwart a running stream as at the brink of a yawning pit hole. UNDER the heading of "Fighting the Cüdliu Moth," a special reporter of the New Zealand Farmer gives an interest- ing account of a visit to the orchuids of Mr. Frimley, of Hastings, in the Hawkes Bay district, where, it is claimed, the moth has been completely kept under though the orchards are situatedin an " infected district." This result is asserted to be due to spraying with the ordinary Paris green mixture.There were inoneorchaidou the holding over 200 well-grown trees in full bearing. They had been sprayed (the occountwos written in January) three times with tho mixture. The nearest apple trees of neighbours were on the town side, and within a mile of Mr. Frimley's plantations, and those neigh- bours' apples were infected. The con- dition or the oi chard under notice was found to be peifectly clean as regards cultivation and the absence of rubbish. There were a few grubby apples found, but over 90 per cent, of the v. hole crop was absolutely clean. The trees, the proprietor explained, were sprayed when the moth was seen to be about, and he holds as the re | suit of experience, that " two years, or at the most, three, of rigid spraying and cleaning would practically rid the colony of the moth, provided it were com- pulsory on all." On the samo place the near trees, through the spraying, were heavily laden with splendidly grown fruit, and freed from the leech. This confirms what we have repeatedly ad- vanced, namely, that spraying with Paris Green ana Bordeaux mixtures will have to be systematically resorted to sooner or later in this colony. We believe Mr. C. E. Webster has this season beer» fairly successful in coping with certain pests at New Town by this moans, though surrounded by infected orch- ards. The work, however, will have to be general, and i educed to a system. For eveiy otchardii>t to piepare his own mixture is an expensive mode of going to woik. and there is a certain waste of material. Besides, there is the cost of appliances. But if the growers in a district combine together to provide a good spraying niachine.capable of going over a lot of trees ina day, and material at wholesale price« and of guaranteed quality, ibey may theo carry out the operations at a minimum of cost It would, we think, be a good speculation for a man to set out on this business and spray people's orchards at so much pev trpeorso much per acte, just as the proprietary thrashing machino man ROOS round. The idea is, at any rate, well worth consideration. The stereo- typed objection will, no doubt,_ be ollered that it won't pay, hub this is opou to considerable doubt. If tlio quantity of saleable apples is doubled by theprocess it \voi|ld suroly pay. But that is not the whole case. The other point is, that unless subdued the codlin moth pest will ruin the fruit growing in- dustry. It is increasing, therefore something must be done, and it is a good old saying that wo never w what we can do till we try. Modern thought |aud. experience support the assertion that there is. nothing im- possible. IT used to be said of tim Americans that they would throw out a light rail- way anywhere. They did not stop to inquire any particulars about the pros- pects of the locality. It was enough for them that virgin country was un- occupied by man. iThey ab once con- ceded the means of access to it, believ- ing that people and settlement would follow along the line of route, and their enterprise has been rewarded in quite enough instances to warrant their good example being followed wherever it is possible, and the money is'available to pay the bill of costs. From this point of view the friends of Africa will rejoice that a ¡similar chance is to be given to bhis_ country. Light is to be let into the interior of the " dark continent", by morely a cart road, it is true, but still by a means of intercourse with the coast which will increase the peaceful pursuibuf the agricultural industries by making it profitable to dispose of the produce of such work. So tho energies of Livingstone and Stanley, and the rest of the exploters, will not be altogether thrown away, and the iniquities which used to thrive in the Cinimeriangloomof blieunknown wastes of desert sand will disappear before the light of the sun of science and the faces of white men. Nob bhat the travelling even along the smoothest of macadams would, at first, be child's play in such a locality. There will still be wandering tribes of Bedouins to harass and annoy where they cannot proceed to greater crimes, but a road is the end of a wedge, and the insertion of it is the beginning of civilising in- fluences, and the pledge of betber tilings to come. Such a quieb, peaceable fireseuce will do more bo tranquillise the and than hosts'.of soldiery, however triumphant' their march might be, and like the peaceful occupation of lower Egypt, the presence of the stranger will be felt to be u boon by natives of all ranks and classes. Nob all ab once, perhaps, In Egypb adverse influences, can even now 'stir np strife, and make some of the fellaheen burbulenb and disorderly and rebellious in the face of British agents, bub tho mass of the people havo such tangible proof of the improved condition or the country that' tlioy aceppb bhe new rule alposb with- out a murmur, if not with 'aobual grubibude. So may it be wibh bhe Sahai a country, in days that are nob very far distant. k HOMKWARD ENGLISH MAILS.-The mails which left Tasmania on february 8 wero dtlivered in London on Monday, 15th ¡nat., by the Peninsular and Oriental Co.'s R M.S. Valetta, They wire due no the 16th. THE NIGHT MAIL TRAIN.- For the eon., teuienoe of visitors attending the Theatre Royal, the mail traiu will bo detained at Hobart to-night till 10.30 o'olock. A local train will leave at 8 10 p.m. for Glenorchy. Ponrjo HALF-BOUDÂT.- To-day being St. Patrick's Day, ami also the day of the Butoher»' race moot, the publio offices will bo olosed in both'the touthern and northern oiti a at noon. hKTii.so is THE DERWENT.-Mr. H. T. Gould, president, of the Anglers' Club, and Mr. Andrew Kirk, waited upon the Chief Scoretaiy (Hon. W. Moore) yesterday, and urged that the request made in certain quarters to permit netting in the Derwent up to Triffitt'a Point be not entertained by tlie department. Thoy asserted that it was only a few yachtsmen who wanted this permit, jutt to suit tbeir own intensts, and that in tho interests of the many who loved trus sport for its worth their requests should not ha grantt-d. Mr. Andrew Kirk al'o asked for the representation on the Fisheries Board of the Anglers' Club, Tbo effect of closing the river within certain limits, he contended, had brought fish baok to spots which had been cleared out by nets. In the upper parts of the river mullet and other rod fish showed a niaiked ¡aerease, and if these spots were netted the Bport of anglers would he gone in this locality. At tho sume time bo thought the Anglers' Association should be represeutcd on the Fisheries Board, and he would like this to go to the Board from the Chief Secretary aB a recommendation. A petition was in course of signature by those who supported angling, wbioh would ba handed to the Chioi Seoretary in a few days. Fendiug this, he would ask the Oovornmont to prevent the Fisheries Board fiooi entertaining tho petition of netting enthusiasts until this had been seut ¡D Tho Chief Secretary said from what ho had heard it was undesirable, in tho interests of the sport, to icopou that portion of the river that had boon closed. He oould assura the deputation that the Government would take no decisive steps until tho anplcrs' petition had beon pre; Rented. He hoped that any notion the Government would take would be io the iuterosts of true sport, and against the whulosaio deotruotiou of their nativo fish. Krgarding the representitiou of the anglers on trio Fibberies Commission, if the aesocia. tiou would send the names of the g'ni lomen they wished on to him he would send thein on to the Commission. ( WEST COAST TRACKS. -The track bo tneon Mount Reid and Lyell is now com- pleted to the open country, which will allow tho packers to ri'ach all the olaims now working. Tho Publio Works Department has been making improvi'meuts at tho Iron atore and the Lake St Clair hut for tbo con- venience of tourists and others. The work oo the track between the Linda track and the base of the King William Kaugn, re. contly discovered by Mr. Marsdm, io being pushed on under overseer Tait, and tho De. partaient is eonding moro men forward so as to complete the work aB speedily as possible. FIELD TABLES -A compaor and well arranged pocket volutuo for the use ; of surveyors, engineers, mine managers, and others has just been oompilcd by Mr. H. J. Wylde, authorised surveyor for New Zea- land and Tasmania. It contain« a useful set of tables for field oalouiations with diagrams and examples illustrating their use formu're for levelling hy barometer and a few con- stant numbers, etc , sometimos necessary in field practice. The publication is in every respect cúmplete and portable. It is small enoagh togo into tho pocket of a field-book and is stoutly bound, thus makins it of real service. The book baa been iatued frim the Star Office, Auokland, and may be had of the Hobart publishers, Messrs. J. Walch and Sons, The " Field Tables " are strongly recommended by Mr. fleury Gordon, late idspeotiog engineer to the New Zca'and Government. Mr. S. P. Smith, Surveyor General of New Zealand, also expresse* » highly favourable opinion of the work. BUND SOCIETY.-Our advertbing columns to-day contain announcement that the, com mitUe of the Blind Society, of which Mr. Samuel Clemes lia the hon. seoretary, have taken premises in Bathurst-atreet opposite the Benevolent Society, which are to be used as an institution for the blind. Chair oaning, mat making, halter making, and various dthor occupations which are being taught the blind people are being carried out on the premises, and Mr. Soown, the manager, will be glad to show anyone interested in the work over tho plaoe at any time. Those who can do so might purobase all that they can at the institution, and thus practically " help the bliud to help themselves." SOUTHERN TASMANIAN ARTILLERY - Members of this Corps are to meet at No. 114, Collins-street, today, at 2,15 p.m.. to attend the funeral of late Corporal Bolbin. TASMANIA, TOHGHM OKTIIESOUTHEKNHEAS. is noted for tier various product», such rts minerals, apple"!, and eucalyptus oil. The best brand of Um latter 1H the Plntypua brand, of which tho Lancet reported us follows: "Desirably rich In active principle (Eucalyptol ) An admirably pure product, ancxcollcnt, ngreo able and effectual an tisoptlc, and In viow or our analybls of It the suitability of tills brand for all medicinal purposes cannot bo disputed.' Platypus brand of eucalyptus oil is sold in Hobart by H. T. GOULD & Co., the Homcso pathic Chemist, 78. Eligabeth-Rtreet ' Ask your Grooer for WOOD'S AUBTRAL AMA» ÜEU-MAUISQ toora, Taa« swasher. ScritKMB COUUT'SITTINGS.- The Supremo Court, in the £100 .jurisdiction, will hold a sittinc at Hobart -to-day. Mr. Justice adams left yesterday for Launceston, to presido at a court in the came jurisdiction there. MlTOlIKLL V. LAVENDER.-In this OOBO, recently heard at Qubuit in the £100 jurisdiction, a verdict was given for tho di fondín t. The plaintiff thereupon gave uotioe of appeal, hut which has now been abandoned, the parties having come tu tarma ruther thuu pureue further litigation. CITY POLICE COURT.-The Polioo MogiB träte (Mr. B Sshaw) and Messrs. '1'. M". Finbar and J. Hamilton, Js.P., presided jcalerday. Kit ward Purcell, on a charge of being of unbound mind, w»s remanded to tho Unhurt General Hospital for 14 days for medical observation. Alfred S. Hyde, charged on remand «¡th obtuining money hy menus of fulao pretences, was further lemandod for seven days for the production of evidence. The Poltoo Magistrate said, with regard to the lirtt ohargo, heard on the 5th inst., and on which decision wa« reserved, tho Bench were of opinion that the question of law in- volved was of such a nature that it waa desirable to tubmit it to the Supreme Court, Accused would, therefore, b« commuted for trial. Bail was allowed the same ns before. Richard Wallace was charged with assaulting, on March 8 at New Town, John Milliken, with in- tent to do grievous bodily harm. Sub- inspector Cook prosecuted, and Mr, B. Ibbott defended, John Milliken deposed that he was junior warder at the New Town Charitable institution. Accused was un inmate, and had absconded on February 23 Witness sow him on the New Town-road shortly after 7 p.m. on March 8, and re- quested him to return to tho depot. Accused refused, and enid " Keep your hands off me, or I'll knock your brains one." Witness then attempted to arrist him, and a souille ensued, during which complainant was stubbed in the hand with a penknife, by defendant. The latter then made towards town, witness following bim into Mr. Pearce's garden. Mr. Pearce, jun., sent for the police, and Constable Koss soon afterwards arrived and took Wallace into custody. Aocuscd mado threo delibéralo attempts to stab witness in tho orient. Did not use any unduo force or measures to scoure the arrest of accused, By Mr. Ibbott -To the best of my belief I did not strike defendant on the head or attempt to throttle him, J. Connolly, head wai der at the New Town Chintabie Institution, deposed that Wallaoe was admitted into the depot on Ootober 13, 1S06, for a period of 12 mouths. Ho abscouded on Februaiy 23. Ho was uduiitted at his own request, and had no right to leave until tho 12 months had expired. For absconding accused was liable to s ven days' solitary confinement, or imprisonment for one month. Dr. K. T. McGowan deposed that on the 8 th inst. John Milliken attended the Hobarb General Hospital for treatment of an incited wound on the palm of the right band, about an inch and a quarter long. Witness put in three stitches and dressed the wound. The depth of the wound was about a quarter of an inch. A sharp instrument suoh as the knife'produced, would oauee the wound, Norman Pearce, Constable Hoes and Detec- tive-Sergeant Higgins also gave evidence. That was the ouse for the proiecntion, Mr. Ibbott having addressed the Bench, the accused made a statement. Ha said-I went into the Now Town Charitable Institution on Ootobor 13, 1896, and was told by the Superintendent that I had three months to ' do. When that period had expired I went for my discharge, Lut was not allowed to seo the Superintendent. I waited another month and then saw the dootor, w/iom 1 asked for my discharge. The dootor auld he had nothing to do with it, that I must see the " super." I roplied, " Mr. Connolly will not allow me to." Connolly then said, "Oh yes, you ean see him on Monday. ' I saw the Superintendent on Monday and aBkod for my discharge. He said, " If our time is not up yet, you have to do until Ootobor 13." Connolly then took me away. That was on February 23, and I left the Institution the same day. 1 git employment at Glenorchy for a fortnight, and was on my way to town when Warder Milliken oame up to me and ?aid " Where are you going?" I replied, "About my business," He said, "Yon bolted from the Institution, and you will have to ooma buok with me, or I'll make you." I said, " Well, I won't." Milliken then struck me in the jaw with his fist. The blow was so hard that I fell down and scratohed my faoo on tho ground. Whilst I was down Milliken wrenched the stick from my haud and bolted me across the arm. I went away. Milliken ran after me and caught me by the throat. I took the knife out of my pooket and stuck it into the hand he had round my throat. If I bad not had the presence of mind to do that I believe he would have choked me. Tho Benoh said, as far as the evidence went, nortflcotion was cast upon the aotion of complainant. They ordered aoouBod to etnud his trhl at the next sitting of the Supreme Court. IMÍCEST -The City Coroner (Mr. A. Eiddooh) will hold an inquest on the bodies of Henry Belbin and James Hooper at the Hobart General Hospital at 10.30 this morning. ST. PATRICK'S DAY BANQUET.-A very successful banquet was held last evening at Cherry'd Carlton Hotel, under the auspices of the Hlbornian Society, at which about 50 gentlemen sat down. Mr. E. Mulcahy, AI.H A., ocaupiod the ohair, mid was sup- ported on his rightby the Kow Father Henne bi y, and on his left by the Hon. Henry D.ihson, and amongst those present were Mr. H. Pace, M. H.A., Captain Evans, M.H.A., Mr. Henry Keating, LL.B., and other prominent citizens. After a very excellent repast had boen disposed of, the obatrmau called on the company to charge their gltcscs and drink the health of Her Majesty the Queen, and dwelt fully upon the virtues of Her Majesty, the free Con- stitution under which w» live in conjunction with all others under Her Majesty's vast dominions, and expressed the hope that Her Majesty would not only be spared to enjoy her rcoord reign, but would be spared to piesido over us for many more years to come. The toast was received most loyally and enthusiastically. The Chairman then proponed the toast of the evening, viz., "Tho day we oelobroto," and stated that all tbo world over Irishmen loved to meet together on St. Patiiok's 1 ay to do honour to their patron Saint, and to renew the fond memories of the land from whioh they oame, to extol the uany virtues of those great Irishmen who have dono so much to 6ght Irelaud's cause, the cause of light and justioe, and also to impress on the minds of the /rising generation a love for tho pöble and devoled raco. Other toasts were ably proposed and responded to. The priu oipiil speakers wore the Hon. Henry Dob ion, Messrs. Page, Evans, Me.rf.A,, Father Hennebry, and Mr. Freeman and Mr. Keating. Appropriate songa and recit- ations were very ably rendered during the evening, to the accnmpiniment of Mr. J. R. MoCano, by Messrs P. J. Johnson, Keating, Cherry, Dalton. Captain Evans and lion. 0\. Dobson also joined in the vooal numbers, and the whole company wai well enter- tained both by tpeeoh and music. The greatest credit is due Mr. V. J. Johnson, to whom was entrusted the vocal patt of the evening's entertainment. ST. PATRICK'S DA* NATIONAL CONCERT -This being St. Patriok'a Day, «xcollent arrangements have been mado for the cele- bration of the anniversary at Hoburt in excellent style. It will take the form of , a national concert at the usual popular prices in the Temperance-ball, to be followed by a aooial. The promotion of the whole function ia io good hands, and the programme of the concert will be found in another enloma. The proceeds are to be de- voted to aid the funds of St. Joseph's and the Magdalen Home, two institutions whioh bave done, and are doing, an incalculable amount of good. It will b« DOtioed that the rare old ballade and songs of Ireland fill the programme, and are to be interpreted by «avérai very popnlar voeal itts Two chorases-''The meeting of the water«" and "God «ave Ireland "-will be rendered by St. Mary's schoolboys, and "To« minstrel boy" will be «ung by . quartette party. , The City Band will also take part. Altogether a capital evening'« amusement i» asiured. The Hon, H, H. D. White write« : Parliament House, Sydney. Mr. W. J, Clewer, Chomist, 93, Elizabeth-street, Hobarr. DEAR SIR, Judging from results, I have no hesita- tion io saying your Hair Ucstorer is the best I have ever seen or heard of. After using it a few times my hair grew rapidly, ceaued to fall out, and waa re- stored to it» original colour. I have re">mmendod it to a great many friends duting the last three years (ijigned), R. H. V. WHITE PBIOK-2s. 6d. and 3s. ed WOOD'« AcmuLaaujr SCU-KAUINO Fiona. Mad* only from the Finest Paru «I Wai»«, Bold tntfmhtn TELEGRAPHIC INTERRUPTION.-Tho wires wore down between Hobart and Zoahan yesterday. The northern route to Zochon was restored at 7-45 p.m., aud was workiug f.iirly well. Delayed business will bo cleured off this morning. "GLIMI'SES OF AUSTRALIA."-NO. 12 of this sei los IIUB been iasuod to-day, and will bo found particularly interesting to Tas- maniens, four out of tho 12 beautiful pictures representing Tasmanian scenes : Tho Cataraot Gorge, showing tho bridge at its mouth ; the Gorge in flood, with tho waters washing wildly agoinst the cliff-, und surging among tho great rocks in its bod ; tho commandant's rosidenoe in Port Arthur, a most pioluresque viow of pleasant gardon and shudv tro?» ; and an iulcrior viow, the oliildrcii's ward, Laun- ceston hospital, ano of the best pictures of tho kiud ever published. New South \ValeB, Victoria, Queousland, and Adolaide all ci ntributo to tho collection of views, and there aro two pictures of special attractive noss to thoso who find delight in natural hiitory. One pluto depiots birds' nests - robin's, bittern s, wild duck's, und ooarlvt breasted robin's. Tho other depicts iu full bloom tho rock lily [JDindrotiium speciomm) which grows in luxuriance of creamy tint in Northern New South Wales and Southern Queensland. No. 12 may bo obtained at Messrs. Walch & Sons, at The Mercury office, and from the various agentB tlnougli out Tasmania. "ROMEO AND JULIET."-An event that should bo hai'ed with the greatest satisfac- tion and éclat ia to eventuate on Friday evening next, whon Mrs Potter and Mr. Bellew will bo seen in Shakespeare's beauti- ful love story Romeo and Juliet. With regard to its product ion, it moy bo statad that it was ono of the greatest sucoosses ou thoir previous Australian tour, and ha« always been ,a "trump card" for them wherever produoed, the critics generally agreeing that Shakespeare's two most poetic characters have seldom had such able impersonators. " We havo had Juliots and we have had Romeos, but novir within our recollection havo we seen a Romeo and Juliet both of tho first flight on the same eveninir, united in the samo re- presentation." For instaooe, the London Times wrote that Mrs. Potter's Juliet ia a fine impersonation, instiuct with poetry and passion." Of Mr. Bellew the critics speak as " the acknowledged Romeo of the EnglUh speaking stage" Jlomeo and Juliet has so far not boen played by them in Melbourne during their present visit, but will must probably inaugurate thoir return season thoro at Easter. It is such a rare thing to havo tho works of the " immortal hurd " suitably and artistically renderod that the few opportunities offered should bo eagerly seized by every Shakespearian student, and every one fond of an iutolleotual and artistic treat, CUOROII OK ENGLAND CONVENTION.-The series of meetioga iu oonneotion with this convention was continued in St. Georgo'a Church last evening. The ohurch was filled with an earnest and attcmivo congre- gation. Canon Banks Smith opened tho meoting with prayer. The Rev. J, Southey then gave an address, tho subjoot boing the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. In an able and illustrative address tho rev. gentleman handled this-a most difficult subject to Christians-in a oloar and sucoioot manner, showing how Christians had by continual prayer and faith to wait and expect this the chief gift from God, and that wheo they did pOBsesB it their lives woro changed in such a manner BO as to appear moro liko Christ in their daily life and example. The Rev. H. B, Macartney followed. His address was illustrative of how Christians, whon they, become filled with the Holy Spirit, were nott satisfied to rest and bo quiet, but tried in every way to mako Christians and conv«rta, and thus udvanco tho kingdom of their Master by spreading tbe good tidings to everyone tbey oame in contact with. He gave Borne touching anecdotes, and cloced with an earnest appeal for all to bo moro' Christlike in their lives, and thus to be like their rilen and glorified Saviour. Tho hymna sung were appropriate to the ad- dresses, and were heartily pined in by the largo congregation prosent. Mrs. lî.' Whitesides* presided at the organ. The meetings wore announced to bo continued in the ohurch to-day at 7, 3.30 in the after- noon, and at 8 o'clock in tho evening. . THE SOOIETV OF FRIENDS.-A mooting for worship will be held this ovening in the Friends' Mooting Honso, Murray-street, near Patrick-street, in connection with the annual meotiug of tbo Society of Friends. A general invitation to visitors is issued. PRESENTATION.-On Monday evening at a concert at the Temporanoe-hall, Now Town, Mr. Sydney T. Allwiight, solicitor, who is leaving for West Australia, was presented with an illuminated address from his New Town friends, bearing 60 signatures. 1 he presentation waBmado by Mr. Hamilton, the memborfor tho distriot, and very kindly feelings of good will wero exprsused, to which Mr. Allwright suitably replied. A GENEROUS FELLOW-FEELING.-At a meeting of the members of the Hobart Fire Brigade last evening, touching reference was made to the loss the brigade had sustained by the drowning incident on Sunday last, whereby one of the firemen (Mr. John Hall) lost his life. It was unanimously agreed by the members to donate one month's fire pay and earnings-amountiug to about £17 -towards the widow and family of the deceased brother fireman. JUVENILE TEMPERANCE UNION.-An en- tertainment by associated Juvtniio Temper- ance Sociities is announced to bo given at the Tempsranoo-hall to-morrow evening. 18th inst. There will bo a distribution of certificates to Jubilee Exhibitioners by tho chairman, Mr. W. J. Mcwilliams M.H.A. For good trade Grocers should keep only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELT-RAISINO FLOUR. NEW TOWN REGATTA.-Entries close tbia eveuing at 0.30 with Mr. W. T. Grubb, and at 9 with the aecretary at Hawkins' Store, New Town. It is announoed by ad- vertisement that all the Nov Town places of business will be closed on Saturday (Regatta day) from 1 to 6 p.m. W o o D 'a AUSTRALASIAN SKLF-HAICINO FLOOR The best. All Respectable Grocers, THIRTEEN MONTHS IN A YEAR.-It is suggested thut onJauucry 1, 1903, anew division of the yoar into 13 months ho instituted. It is claimed (says tho Scientific American) that this is not so preposterous as most people would be likely to consider it at tbe first thought. If such a divislou were made, tho first 12 months would have just 28 days, or four weeks oaoh, and tho new month 29, to make 365, and 30 in leap year. After a few dayB thoro would bo no nred to refer to calendars, as the same day of the week would bave tho same date through the year. If January 1 Were, say, Monday, every Monday would be the 1st, 8th, loth,, and 22nd ; every Tuesday tho '2nd, 0th, 16th, and 23rd, aod so throughout the year. The ahunges of the moon would bo on about the suma dates through tho year, and many calculations, like interest, dates of maturing notes, Easter Sunday, and many other important dates would be simplified. Although tho present generation would have to figure new dates for birthdays, and all legal holidays, exoept Now Year, would be on different dates, yet tho gain would bu more than the loss, as that would be permanent and the objections trifling, Tho proposod change certainly nas the merit of novelty, and it is just to say that the arguments in favour of the metrio system on the ground of utility apply with couBidorablo foroo in the present case. THE CROCODILE AND THE BIKE.-Of a recent collision betwoen the old world and the new, and its nmizing result, the National Zeitung writes in lighter vein. Tommy Atkins has astouiuhed the Bpirits of the Pyramids with tho bagpipe and the jig ; at present be is Boundalislng the sulleu orooodile by careering on the bike along the banks of that auoitnt river, the River Nile. And thus it happened that two sergeants and a oorporal were spinning along merrily the other day from Cairo up the river's oourse when the leader was scon to spring off, roll on his banda and knees, and biting theduetdrag himself awayin panic haste from an obstiole ioto which he bad ohirged. This obstacle waa an ancient orocodile, whiob was lying fully prepared to receive cavalry. That Is to say, its jaws had opened ponderous and mechanical as the look gates, an!, while the rider had hurled himself off, the bloycle rushed straight into the yawn- ing chasm. Then carne the end. The look gates olosed, and a loud hissing noise was heard. The jaws disgorged the wheel as swiftly as they had taken it in, and their owner, with a look of disgust, made off in disorder for his native mud. It had punotured the pneumatic tiro in a hundrod places, and tho hiss of escaping air, oombiufd with tho un- pleasant taste ni indiarubbor, dust, and oil, i was too muoh for the monvter of tho Nile. At present he sympathises with the Frouoli politician. Wheo will ye go forth from the land of Egypt ? 