A FATAL MISTAKE. . All Bights 'Reserved. In < one of the wildest districts of tho wild west of Ireland, far out. of the track of . thio ordinary tourist, lies the headland of Rossrue. It is a bleak and desolate" spot— lashed by the Atlantic waves, which beat upon its unprotected face, worn into Btrange wrinkles and. iron fur rows by the storms of ages. Here, on the calmest-day, -the surf- breaks restless, or treacherous wares orcop in suddenly from the deep, and; roll'higb upon the rocks in fonm. '' . 1 The crests' of tho 'red oliffa, : from which tho point derivo3 its name, -are teunhed by no fringe of green. No grass grows in tho teeth of tho fierce salt-laden blast which, sweeps across it during the frequent Atlantic: gales. The heavy beating waves of wind have worn tho very stone away, and even under;tho loo of the headland, where it joins tlio mountain skirts of Knockroe, the few .fields won from the moor land return so poor a harvest that thoy hardly repay the husbandman for his toil, ' Near tho summit of this wild, and' forbidding spot, though sheltered in part by a boulder of the cliff, Htands a deserted house. - Though now weather beaten and gono to ruin, it had Becmingly at one time, and not long ago, been a farm house, of. tho better Bort. . Its nigu ana massive gable, built ot great un- wiought stones, faced the setting sun, and was pierced by a small, oddly shaped window, high up and partly hidden by the projecting eave, wliioh, as report had it, often served as a watoh tower by day and a lighthouse by night for the smugglers who onoo frequented the coast and used the house as a place of coll. : But smuggling had long ceased to bo a profit able trade, and the house had been dogtaded to the. baser uses of a farm, and now for yoara it had stood untenated nnd been allowed to drop into decay,. . ; . Tho; once well elated roof had rotted and given way. The stairs wore broken and un safe, and groon with a slimy ooze. The floors of the upper roomB had fallen down, and Bhowcd tho naked rafters hung with trailing cobwebs, through which tho sky lookod in. Fat weeds grow rank upon the once cheerful hearth. The door hung open by a single hingo. The window frames and shattered glass lay in ruin on the moss grown floor, and the empty eyeless sockets gazed vacantly at tlio unfre- qucnt traveller ; for few cared to paBSthospot by daylight, and none would go near it after dark. The house boro an evil name. Grisly tales were told by old men of the smugglors, or oven piratcB, by whom it bad been onoo frequented, and of. tho gaugora: and informers whom they hadjhurdercd in the cave wliioh was said to run beneath it; but setting theBe more or less doubtful stories aside, its later and authentic history was sufficiently tragic to account for tho ill-repute in which it is held. Its last owner was a widow, to . whom the- house and the headland had been left by her husband's father, in truBt for her son, a toy of about 12 years of age. Attached to this headland was a mountain farm, with grazing ground ' for 12 cows. Tho Beawocd which :grow along the foreshore was also worth a considerable sunn as woll as the share of wreckage washed from the decks of sinking ships in mid-Atlantic, so that the widow, with nor comfortable house and tidy farm, was generally looked upon as a "warm and well-to-do woman. A younger brother of her husband's, a quiet, decont young man, assisted her in the manage ment of the farm ; all things went woll with her, and the house had almost .'lived down its evil name. Tho widow was a strong minded woman, who fearod not ghosts, neither regarded men as the many would-be successors to her late husband soon discovered ; but, unhappily, a year or two after hor fathor-in-iaw's death his eldeBt son, who had enlisted in his youth in one of the Eust India Company's old regiments, and had long boon thought to' be dead, unexpectedly re turned, having been drummed out of .the scrvico, as Boms said ;' or: having taken his nonBion. as he himself asserted. This man no sooner discovered that his father was dead than he laid claim to the farm. He said that his father would 'never have left it away from liim had he knowii'that ho was aliro, anil ho demanded instant possession, which the widow, who loved monoy, and who was wrapped up in her boy, promptly refused him. ' . Then ho wont to law and . sued hor in the County Court; bat was nonsuited, with ooBts. He thereupon took possession of an empty laborer's hut upon tho mainland farm, directly opposite tlio widow's house,:- and resisted all attempts to ojoot bim, Ho procured an old musket, with which lie swore ' that lie would shoot anyone who enmh "near him. Ho vowed that ho would shoot the' widow whethor she camo hear him or not, and he kept he'r in suoh constant fear and bodily terror (or she protended that he did, for in reality I do not think that sho feared either man or devil), that she had him bound over to keep , the peace for 12 months, . J ' No doubt he was a dangerous man. I 'beliove ho onco liad a sunstroke in India; and when lio was tho worse for drink, he was little bettor than a raging lunatic. 7 ; Strange to say. ue was always goutie.witu tno hoy, ovon in his most drunken moods, and the hoy took to him kindly, and would sit for hours by hiB Bide, listening to liis tales of battle and of term. ' Tho unele, or flie soldier, as he was'always called, was, in addition to his othor accomplish ments, a'keen fisherman, and ho and the bay would go hway. on fino days for Hours, lino fish ing on tho bay, to tho mother's great distress nnd terror. " . The s'oldior .liRd no boat of his own, hut thoy would tako the widow's, a leaky old tub, which the hoy was always bogging her to liavo re paired J a reqiiost wliioh sho Btoadily refused, firstly, booauBo sho was what the neighbors called a near woman and did uot like to part with her monoy (for tho boat was hardly worth repairing! ; and .secondly, liccaUBO sho hoped that it would Boon bo so bad that tlicy would bq unable to launch it; and that tliair fishings would be perforce put an end to. If tliis were lier ilesiro, however, id wan de feated, for the eoldior bought an old dingy for ft small sum, and being n handy, man at carpenter's work, ho repaired and made her watertight, but as alio waB a crank and dangerouB craft, hardly fit to hold ono with nafetv, tho widow was in constant dread when ever her boy went out with his uncle on tho treacherous bay, and at last ehc determined to have tho old yawl repaired. Ou tho morning of tho day after slio had come to this resolution, she wna overseeing tho worlc of a few laborers who were digging potatoes in a field hard by her houoo. From tho placo where she sat Bho could sco hor terrible brother-in- law's hut, and as she watched it with no very fond gaze, she saw him come out with some fishing linos in his hand, launch Ills old dingy and pull out in the bay, and sho thought bitterly of the affection which this ne'er-do-woll had managed to steal from hor, and with all. her heart she wished him and his boat at the -bottom of the sea. So sho sat on, musing and repining, for an hour or more. Sho was a sufferer from rheumatism, and was not feeling well that day, or sho would have been at work with the women, collecting the potatoes, for she was a hard working soul and a thrifty, . All of a flurlrlnn ulin nn.w flio men Irum nn f.Vinir spades end listen. " AVhaifs the matter V she cried. . " Did you hear that screech V replied one of them. "Thore it is again 1" said' anothor. The widow listened intently, and heard clearly from the sea a cry as of one in pain or terror. " Thcro's somebody drowning, ma'am" a man called out to her as she stood on tho heights above liim. " ' "Runup to the verge and call us if you see anything.; tho yawl is afloat and we'll be there in a miuute. I'm thinking t was only a eaygull, after all." "Glory bo to God 1 Ho's through the bottom of tho ould punt i Oh, wouldn't I bo in luck if it was only thrue I" said tho Widow to herdelf. She hurried into the house, and crept up the narrow staira to tho little gable window which commanded a full view of the bay, with nn activity which no ono would have expected from her age and infirmities, and thore, Bure enough, not many hundred yards away, she saw a figure struggling with the waves, and striving hard with gradually failing strength to reach the shore. The widow'B Bight was not very good, and sho coulu not make out - his features, but this was tho very course whioh she .had seen the hated soldier take, and it could bo none other, than he. A yawl lay afloat in the little bay beneatln from whioh thcgentlolappingofthetidewasheard upon the sliingle ; the laborers— oil stout oars- men— were close at hand ; a ory from her would summon them to the rescue in on instant ; but she nevor raised that cry. With grim de termination she watched the swimmer as his struggles grew weaker and weaker, and she turned down her thumbs. . Just then a swift yawl, its oars doubled- manned by a lusty orow, pulling for dear life, shot round the headland ; and the steersman, wildly' gesticulating, now shouted encourage ment to tho swimmer, now urged' on his willing crew with frantio cries. - - The widow's heart sank and became like lead. To be so near reliof from danger aad annoyance, and the pangs of jealous love, and to miss it 09 though by a hairs breadth, Beemed too hard. In hor agony of disappointment, bIic called upon the Blessed Virgin, "Star of tho Sea," herself a mother, to aid hor, and as it were in answer to her prayer, when the boat reached within 100 yards of the drowning man, and the steersman was already leaning over to elnteh him, ho threw up his hands with a des pairing cry — sank, and was seen no more. The widow gavo a great sigh of relief, and prepared to descend from her "bad eminence," shot round tho point, manned this time by a single rowor, and to lier rage and horror she saw the hated soldier alive and sound, pulling with all his might for the fatal spot. The widow breathed no prnyor this time, but a heavy curso upon the soldior, in which I fear the Blessed Virgin was included, for having deceived her instead of answering hor prayer. At any rate, she retracted the promise of 12 pounds of the best wax 'candles 'which she had vowed to her shrine in her first ecstasy of joy. But who, then was drowned ? Some un offending "boy of: the neighbors," no doubt. What a pity 1 She might have called her men if Bho had only known, and thore would havo been ample time to savo him. Woll," it could not be helped. It was the will of God.' The boat's crew were pioking up tho drowned inau's hat in silenco— a brown' wideawake, wliioh Boomed strangely familiar to her eyes. ' The current and the light air had drifted them shorowards, and their features could now be distinguished even by her failing eyes. Tbc terrible eoldior had taken the liat from tho men, and No, surely those were not tho Bounds of sobs which sho heard coming from that hardened, unfeeling reprobate ? A horrible fear seized her. Shb ran down the nnirrow stairs and through the open door liko ono dis- wero sadly landing, nnd the soldier, orying'like a child, handed her Johnny'B — her child's— hat. The story was soon told! The other uriole. and the hoy, seeing the soldier, go off fishing alono, determined to try their luck also, but on a bank in front of the house, and nearer home. Thoy launohed tho old yawl, and tho unolo was proceeding to step the mast, . when his foot went through a rotten plank, from from whioh bo was unable to withdraw it (as wob proved when the wreck was washed ashore some days afterwards). The boat filled rapidly and went down. It was his cries whioh the men had heard. YVhon the boat eank, tho boy, who was a good swimmer for his years ; struok out for tho shore and we know the rest. No .wonder tho house boro nn evil name. The widow fled from it, never to return, and passed the rest of her life in the neighborhood of tho convent (whioh she endowed with all her worldly goods) in ceosoless penance and prayer.' No matt knew her, dreadful story for certain, nxccnt lior Driest, and to him it came - sub sigillo 'i but tho neighbors could put two and two togethor. Thoy collated tho statements of the laborers and that of the servant girl, who had soon her creeping, up the staira, and com- bincd thorn with certain wild words whioh she let fall ini hor first rage of grief and horror ; aiid they passed sentence upon her, and condemned her. and held her and her house accursed.': - S. T. Heard. 