A WONDERFUL OMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. BY LMRS MrAY AGNE' FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor ineo" "Baronet's Brfde," Etc. CHAPTER I.-KATHERINE. The large, loud-voiced clock over the stables struck 9. and announced to all :whom it might concern that lhe break fast hour of Sir John Dangerfeld, Baro net, of Scarswood Park, Sussex, had ar rived. Within and without the great house was very still; a breakfast table, spark ling with crystal, rich with rough old silver, gay with tall glasses of Septem ber roses, and snowy with napery, stood ready and waiting in a'spacious room. Through the open windows the.sweet scented morning wind blew, and far off you caught in the summer stillness the soft wash of the waves on the yellow sands, more than a mile away. At the last chime of the loud-voiced clock the door opened, and Sir John Dangerfield came into the room.- The baronet glanced impatiently around in search of something or somebody else. "Not down yet." he said. "That's not like Katherine! She is not used to dis sipation, and I suppose last night's con cert has made her lazy this morning. Thomas"-to the footman, appearing like a tall plush spectre in the doorway -"tell Miss Katherine's maid that I am waiting breakfast. Has the 'Times' ar rived?" r "Yes, Sir John." Thomas presented the folded Thun derer to his master and vanished. Sir John Dangerfield flung himself in to an easy chair. He was a tall, portly gentleman, this Sussex baronet, with a handsome, florid face, and an upright, military bearing. For three months only he had reigned master of Scars wood: three lives had stood between him and the baronetcy, and, a Colonel in the Honorable East India Company's Service, he had, four months before this sunny September morning, about as much idea of lording it in Scarswood Hall as he ever had of sitting on the throne of England. Suddenly..and as if a fatality were at work, these three lives had been removed, and Colonel Danger field, of the II.E.I.C.S.. became Sir John Dangerfield. of Scarswod Park, and. vith his daughter and heiress, came lacr: to England for the first time in fif:ecn years. le was a widower, and alice Dangerfield, his daughter, his heiress. his idol, had been btr:,, in Eng land. and was two years old when her father had last gonle out o India, and s?li'. up to be nearly seventeen. before ehe had ever set foot upon English s[ol ltie unfolded his paper. but lie did not r;oad. "A fair prospect." he said-"a princely inheritance ! And to think that four months ago I was grilling alive in Cal culta, with no earthly thope but that of retirillg one day from the company's service w-ith chronic liver-complaint. and a coloners half pay. For myself it rolud not matter: but for KIatherine!" His face changed suddenly. "If I could ionly lie certain she si-ere dead. If I only could be certain that my secret was bu ricd with her! It never mattered before -we were out of her reach: but since my accession to Scarswood, since my re tr- to England. that wretclh's memory has haunted me like an evil spirit. Only last night I dreamed of her-dreamed I saw her evil black eyes gleaming upon mne in this rool. Faugh!" A door far above closed with a bang: a fresh, young voice. carolling like a lirtd: the quick patter, patter, patter of little female feet dlown stairs-the last tIlhee cleared with a jump: a'nd then the dolor of thle breakfast rooni was flung n-id-r. and the heiress of Scarswood Part: flashed into the room. Flashed-I use the word advisedly flasthed in like a burst of sunshine-like a hill-side breeze-and stood before her father in fluttering white muslin. pink ribbonse waving, rown hair flying, grey eyes dancing, and her fresh. sw-et voice: ringing through the room "Good morning, papa!" Mliss Danger field cried, panting, and out of breath. "Is breakfast ready? I'm perfectly famn Ished, and would have starved to death in blied if Ninon had not come and routed me out. And tioni is your appetite. pa pa?-and I hope I have not kept you waiting too long-and, ohl, w:asn't the concert perfectly de- licious last night?" And then two white arms went impe tuously round the neck of the Indian of ficer, and two fresh, rosy lips gave him a kiss that exploded lIlke-a torpedo. Sir John disengaged himself laughing ly from this impulsive embrace. "Gently, gently, Kathie: don't quite garrote me with those long arms of yours. Stand off. and let me see how you look after last night's dissipation. A perfect wreck, I'll be bound." "Dissipation! A perfect wreck! Oh. papa. it was heavenly--just that! I shall never forget that tenor singer who sang Fortunio's song, you know, Papa, with his splendid eyes. and the face of a Greek god. And his name- Gaston Dantree--beautiful as himself. Don't talk to me of dissipation and a wreck: I mean to go again to-night, and to-morrow night, and all the to morro- nighlts while those concertL are gitin by the Talbiots." Site stood before him gesticulating ralidly. with the golden morning-light Pouring full on her face. And Miss Katherine Dangerfield, heir ess andi heroine, was beautiful you say, as an heiress and heroine should be? I am sorry to say No. The young ladies of the neighborhood, otherw-ise English misses with pink and white complexions and perfect manners, would have told you Katherine Dangerfleld was lanky and overgrown, had sunburnt hanids and complexion, too small a nose, and too large a mouth and chin. TWould have told you hier forehead was low, her Colntplexion sallow, and her manners Perfectly horrible. She was boisterous, she wasc a shoiden, ard said whatever Came uppermost in her'mind, was ut terly spoiled by a doting father, and had the temper of a very termagant They would probably have forgotten to men Stion, those young ladies, that the sallow COmplexion was lighted by a pair of the lovreliest dark-grey eyes, that the tall, supple figure of the girl of seventeen gave rare promise of stately tnd majes tic Womanhood, that the ever ready smile, whichparted'the rosy lips, dis played a set of teeth flashing like Jewvels. "Well, papa, and how do I look? Not very much uglier than usual, I hope. Oh, papa." the girl suddenly cried, clasping her hands, "why, why., why wasn't I born handsome? I adore beauty-pic- tures, music, sunshine, flowers, and handsome men! I hate women-I hate girls, vain, maliieous magples --spiteful and spiritless. Why don't I look - like You, you handsome, splendid old soldier! 'Fhy was I hdborn with a yellow skiir an sngular figure and more arms and hands than I ever know what to do with? 'Whom do I take after to be so ugly. papa? Not after you, that's clear. Then It must be after mamma." - Sir John in his sunny window-seat. had been listening with, an Indulgent smile. folding his crackling Ipaper. The crackling suddenly cease't hisodaugh ter's last words; the smile died nWholly fway. "fSay. Papa." Katherlne cried, im Patlently. "do I look lilke maimma? I serer sas her, you know, nor her pic ture, nor anythin. If I do you couldn't have been over and abbve particular dur nlag the period of love's young dream. Do I inherit my tawny complexion, and Square chin and snub nose, and low fore head from the late Sirs'Colonel Danger fields" - Her father laid dowin his paper and "Come to breakfast, Kathertne." he -1d, more coldly than he had ever spoken to her before in his life, "and be (215 kind enough to drop the subject. Your flippant manner of speaking o-?f-fyour mother is posttitvely.shocking- :I~ ai afraid it is true what they say of you here-Indian. nurses-the lack of a mother's care - and my 'indulgence, have spoiled you." "Very nwell, papa; then the fault is yours, and you shouldn't blame me. The what's-his-name cannot change his spots, and I can't change my irreverent nature any more than I can my looks. But, really and truly, papa, do I look like mamma?" "No-yes-I don't know." -"'No-yes--I don't know.' Intelligible, perhaps, but not at all satisfactory. W.hen I am left a widow, I hope I shall remember how the dear departed part ner of my existence looked; even after thirteen years.Have you no portrait of mamma, then?'t "No! In heaven's name,. Iatherine, eat your breakfast and let me eat mine!" "I am eating mybreakfast," responded his daughter, 'testily. "I suppose a- per son can talk and eat at the same time. Haven't you rather got a pain in your temper this morning, papa? And I must say I think it a little too hard that I can't be told who I take my ugliness from." - Sir John again laid down his paper with a resigned sigh. He knew of old how useless it was to try and stem the torrent of his daughter's eloquence.. "What nonsense you talk, my dear!" he said. "You're not ugly. You don't want your father to pay-you compli ments, do you, Katherine? I thought your cousin Peter paid you enough last night to satisfy even your. vanity for a month." . Katherine shook her head impatiently until all its red-brown tresses flashed again. "Peter Dangerfield - wretched little bore!. Yes, he paid me compliments, with his hideous little wizen face close to my ear, and I told him, for goodness sake, to hold his tongue and not drive me frantic with his idiotic remarks. He let' me alone after that, and sulked. I tell you what it is, papa-if something is not done to prevent him. that little grinning imbecile will be asking me to marry him one of these days-mark my words." "Very well-suppose he does?" The baronet leaned back in his chair, and .raised his paper nervously before his face. "Suppose lie does. Kathie - what then?" "What then!" The young lady could but just repeat the words in her amaze and indignation. "'What then! Sir John Dangerfield-do you- mean to insult me. sir? Put down that paper this in starnt and look the person you're talk ing to full in the face, and repeat. 'what then.' if you dare!" "Well, Kathie." the baronet said, still fidgeting with his paper screen, and not looking his excited little commanding officer in the face. "Peter's not hand some, I know. nor dashing, but lie's a clever little fellow, and my nephew, and in love with you, and will make you a much better husbafd, my dear. than a much better-looking man. Handsome men are always vain as peacocks, and so deeply in love with themselves that they never have room in their conceited ihearts and empty heads to love any one else. Don't be romantic. my dear-you'll not find heroes anywhere now except in novels. Peter's a clever little fellow, as I said. and over head and ears in love with you." "A clever little fellow! A clever little fellow!" repeated Miss Dangerfield, with intense. concentrated scorn. "Papa," with dignity. "a feuw minutes ago you told me to change the subject. I make the same remark now. I wouldn't marry your clever little fellow not to save my own head from the gallows or his soul from perdition. Sir John. I consider myself doubly insulted this morning! I don't wonder you sit there excruciating my nerves with that horrid rattling paper, and ashamed to look me in the face. I think you have reason to be ashamed! Telliig your only child and heiress she couldn't do better than throw herself away on a pitiful little country lawyer, only five feet high. and with the countenance of a rat. If it were that adorable Gaston Dantree. now! Oh. here's the post: Papa, papa! give me the key." Miss Dangerfield, forgetting in a second the late outrage offered her by lierczuel parent, seized the key, unoIbeked the bag, and plunged in after its contents. "One-two--three-four ! Two for-me from India-one for you from ditto, in Major Trevanion's big slap-dash, and this-. Why, papa. what lady corres Pondent can you have in Paris? Wh:it an elegant Italian hand! - What thick yellow perfumed paper. and -what a sentimental seal and motto! Blue wax and 'Pensez a mol.' Now, papa, who can this be from:" She threwr the letter across the table. With her first words the face of the Indian omcer had changed-a haunted look of absolute terror had come into his face. ' His hand tightened over the paper, his eyes fixed themselves upon the dainty missive his daughter held before them. his florid. healthful color faded-a dull greyish whiteness crept over his face from brow to chin. "'Papa!" KIatherine cried. "you're Ill : you're going to have a fit! Don't tell me! Can't I see it? Drink this-drink it this moment, and come round." She held a glass of water to his lips. He obeyed mechanically, and the color that had faded and fled slowly crept back to his bearded, sun - browned face. "There!" said aiss -Dangerfield. In a satisfied tone." you have come round i And now tellme, was it a fit, or was it the letter? Tell mne the truth, sir: don't prevaricate." "It was one of my old attacks, Kathie, nothing more. You ought.to be used to them by this time. Nothing more, I give you my werd. Go back to your break fast, child." he said. testily. "and don't stand staring there in that uncomfort ale way." "My opinion Is, papa," responded Miss Dangerfield, with gravity, "that you're in a bad way, and should turn your at tention immediately from the roast beef of old England to water gruel and weak tea. A fine old English gentleman of your time of day, who has left his liver behind him in India, and who has the Sepoy bullet lodged for life in his left lung, and a strong tendency ta apoplexy besides, ought to mind what he eats and drinks, and be on very friendly terms with the nearest clergyman. Aren't you going to read that letter, papa, and tell me who the woman is who has thile pre sumption to write to you without my?? knowledge? Now where are you going?'" For Sir John had risen hastily, his let ters in his hi'nd. -"To my study, IKathie. Flnlsl your breakfast, darling, and don't mind me." He stooped down suddenly, and kissed her with almost passionate tenderness. ' My darling ! my darling ! ." he said. " Heaven bless and keep you always, whatever happens - whatever .hap pens." He repeated the last words with i sort' of.-anguiish "iri is voice, then tur'ned andwailked out f :the breakfast room ?before, his very -:much amazed daughter coild speak. -: " "Well !" exclaimed l ss :Dangerfleld at last, "this: does cap the universe, doesn't lt?': This question, being'ad dressed to vacancy. received no reply. "There's a mysteiry; here, and- I don't like mysteries out of sensation: novels. I have no secrets, f-ronm. papa-what business has paipa to have secrets 'from me?" - . She arose with aiinjured air, gave thile bell a vicious pull, iand iwalked:: -i offended dignity backl to lier room. The broad, black, sliiperyl oaken stalrcase went-up In majestic sweeps to, the re gions above. Miss Dangerfield ascended it slowly, and with a face of perplexed thought. "It was never an attack-don't tell me--it was that nasty. vicious, spidery written little letter ! Now. what woman wrote that letter: and what business had she to write it?2 I shall in sist upon papa giving me a full expla nation at dinner time." No womanin Paris or any other u'tcked city shall badger my, preciou.s-ld soldier into a1 early. grave. Aid meeantime I shall have a gallop on Ilderim over the golden Sussex downs." . She entered her room singing the song the handsome tenor had sung at the cogneert the night before, the melody of whose silvei'- voice the dusky fire of whose eyes, the'dark foreign beauty of whose face, had haunted her romantic sevenlteen-year-old mind, ever since. "Rispondia a chi t' implorai Rispondia a cara a nie!" "How handsome he was-how. hand somd--holi handsome! If ever I marry, it shall be a" man-a demi-god like that. Peter Dangerfleld; indeed! Nasty little bore!- Still; I would rather have him in love with me than have no one at all. 'I wonder if it is I myself he loves, or Scarswood Park, and the heiress of eight thousand a year. Ninon. my green riding habit, and tell them to fetch . Ilderim ' round. Asnd, oh, Ninon, my. child, tell that tiresome groom p: don't .want him perambulating behfnd me, like ani apo plectic shadow. --Ilderim and I can take care of.ourselves." "But,' mademoiselle, Seer John's or ders-" "Ninon Duclos, will you" do as I order you? I won't have the groom-there! I'm always shocking the resident gentry of this neighborhood, and I mean to go on shocking them. I feel as if I.had a spy at my heels' while that beef-eating groom is there. Help me on with my habit, and say no more about it."' Little Ninon knew a. good.dealbetter than to dispute Miss Dangerfield's mood when .Miss Dangerlield ;spoke in that tone. Miss Dangerfield had' boxed, her ears before now, and was very capable of doing it again. Perhaps. on the whole, smart little Ninon rather liked having her ears impetuously slapped by her impulsive young mistress, and, the tingling cured, as.it invariably was, by the present of Miss IKatherine's second best silk dress half an hour after. Looking very bright and dashing, if not in the least pretty, the heiress of Scarswood Park ran lightly down the slippery stairs, out of the vast. vaulted hall, where statues gleamed and suits of mail worn by dead-and-gone Danger fields centuries before, flashed back the sunshine. -Her dark-green riding habit fitted her, as KIatherine herself said. "as though she had been born in it." the waving brightness of her brown hair was twined in thick plaits round her graceful head, and her hat. with its scarlet bird's wing, perched ever so little on one side, set off the piquant face beneath-a thoroughly English fade. despite the golden hue of a tropic sun. "I beg your parding, miss," Roberts the butler said, stepping forward. He was a dignified, elderly, clerical-looking personage, like an archbishop in silk stockings and knee breeches: "but if you will hexcuse the remark, miss, I thinks as 'ow we're going to 'ave a storm. There's that 'closeness in the hair. miss, and that hoppearance in the hatmosphere that always precedes a thunderstorm. If I might make so bold, miss. I should hadvise you not to stay hou: more than an hour, at the furthest." "Good gracious. Roberts. what non sense: There's not a cloud in the sky. Oh. well, that's one: Why, it's-no bigger than my hand. I'm going to Castleford, and I doni't believe in your thunder storms." "You'll catch it. though, for all that. my young lady." soliloquised aMr Roberts looking after the slight girlish figure as it dashed out of sight dowin the elm ave nue. mounted on a spirited black horse. "Great storms 'ave come-from clouds no bilgder than a mans's and before now. But you re a young persing who won't be hadvised, and you'll come to grief one of these days through 'aving too much of your own way, as sure as my name's Roberts." And then 31r Roberts philosophically went back to the "Castleford Chro nicle." and never dreamed that he had uttered a prophecy. Mliss Dangerfield dashed away over the breezy Sussex downs-a-gold-green in the September sunshine. But the bril liance of that sunlight grew dim and dimmer with every passing moment,and looking up presently she saw that her "cloud no bigger than a man's hand' had spread and darkened, and was fast glooming over the whole sky. Old Ro berts had been- right, then, after all; and unless she stayed at Castleford or turned back at once, she was in for a drenching "I won't turn back, and won't stop at Cabtleford," the baronet's daughter said, setting her white teeth. "I'll gel my books and I'll go home, and Ilderin and I shall outstrip the lightning, after all." She dashed into the town. Castleford .as a .mllitary depot, asd knots of rod ''oated offlcers, grouiped here and there lowered their crests and gazed after her with admiring eyes as she flew by. "Plucky girl, that," said Captain Vere de Vere to his friend, Captain Howard "Gad! how squarely she sits her saddle. And what a waltzer she is-as gracefu as a Partsienne ballerina, and as springy Comfortable thing there waiting, fo some lucky beggar-clear eight thou sand a year. -Not a handsome girl. I admit; but what would you ? Doosidly clever, too, and that's a draaback. I hate your clever women-put a fellow out of countenance, by Jove! Shouldn't know anything, women shouldn't, be yond the three great ferpinine arts dancing, dressing, and looking pretty.' With which terse summary of women's duties, the honorable Plantagenet Vere de Vere-lighted his huge Manilla, and sauntered away. "She seemed uncom monly sweet on that foreigner, that Creole fellow--what's his naIe?--at the concert last night." he thought. "It's always fellows like that, with tenor voices and long eyelashes, that draw the matrimoniaL prizes. Heard her tell Edith last night all the officers at Castle ford had ginger hair, and knew no more how to waltz than so many lively young elephants." Miss Dangerfield's errand was to a Castleford bookseller's, and -her order was for all the newest novels. She came out presently,. followed by -the obse quious shopman, carrying her paresl and bowing his thanks. The storm was vera near nosy..The whole sky was dark there was thht oppressiVe heat andstill ness In the air that usually precede a thunderstorm. "Coming!" bliss Dangerfield tthought vaulting into the?saddle. -"Now. then, hIderim, my beauty ny darling outs'ri5 the.storm, if you c&n;!" SShe was off like the w.ind, and in a-feo minutes the town la:y far behind her But fate had decreed to take sides with Roberts. - . . On the bare dowvni:'treeless and house less., tile lilghtnu?- leaped like a two edged sword. TIcacame the boomint crash of thunder, then a deluge of rain and the midday summer tempest was upon her in its might. The swift, sud den blaze ofthe lightning in his eyes startled -the nervous system of Ilderim, He tossed his little black Arabian head in the air with a snort of terror, made bound forward. and fled over the grasso plains with the speed of an express train. S"A runaway, by Jove!" A man darted forward .with the cry upon his lips, ind made the agile sprino of a wild cat at Ilderim's bridle rein. . moment's struggle, and then thespI rited Arab. stood still under the grasp ot an iron. hand, quivering in every limb and his mistress, looking down from her saddle, met full two of thle most beautli ful eyesinto which It-had ever-been her good fortune-to look., - - " - It was MaIr Gaston Dantree, the hand. some silver-voloed tenor-of last night's concert, and a.- flash of glad. surprise lighted up her face. "Mr Dantree," she erled. "you! and ih this tempest, - and at so opportune moment, HoW, shall I thank :you foi save-for: rendering me such very timely assistslee"? - -.-. -.: . ":'For sa~ving ~y life." sie .had been going-to say. but t"iat 'would hav~eibeen coming it a little' too stn~ong Her life had not .been in' the sniiallest danger-she was a thorough horsewoman, and could have managed a much wilder animal than Ilderim. ,But the knight to the rescue was Mr Dantree, and last night Miss I)angerfield had looked for the first time into those wondrous eyes of golden brown light, and fallen straight in love with their owner. He was very .handsome; perfectly, faultlessly handsome, with an olive com plexioni, a low forehead, a chiselled nose, a thick black moustache. and two dark almond eyes, of "liquid light." Not tall, nor stout, nor very manlyllooking. perhaps, in any way: men were rathler given to sneer at MIr Gaston Dantree's somewhat effeminate Ibeauty. But they ne'er sneered long. There w-as that in Mr Dantree's black eyes. In MIr Dantree's musical voice. in bir Dantree's trained muscles, that would have rendered a serious difficulty a little unpleasant. IHe took off his hat now. despite the pouring r'ain. and stood before the heiress of Scarswnood. loking like the Apollo hIim self in a shabby shooting jacket. "You do me too much honor. Miss Dangerfield: I don't really thinlk your life was in any danger; still it's pleasant to kpow I was the one to stop your black steed, 'all the same:. Rather a colncl dence, by-the=bye, that I should meet you here just at present, as, taking ad vantage of last night's kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scars wood." "And Scarswood is very well worth seeing, I assure you.. As It is not more than a quarter of a mile" to the' gates; suppose you resume your hat and your Journey ?" "But, iess Dangerfield, you will get your death at this pace in this down pour. "Oh, no, I'll not!" Katherine answered, coolly. "The rain will never fall that will give me my death! You dot now how strong I am. Come, M?r Dantree, let me see if you can walk as fast as Ilderlm." - She looked dowsn at him with that bril liant smile that lighted her dark face into something brighter than beauty. "Come. Mr Dantre~' she repeated, "let me be cicerone for ,ace, and show you the splendors- of Scarswood. 1t is the show. place -of the neighborhood, you -know, built by a Daneiifleld,'I am afraid to say how' many centuries -ago. . We came over with T?illiam, the what's-hls name, you know: or perhaps WVilliam found us herei(vhen he arrived; I'm not positve .-h-hli?: :-W'e're a dreadfully old family, indeed, and I'm the last daughter of the race; and I wouldn't be anybody but. Katherine Dangerfield of Scarswood Park for the world!" She dashed 'under the huge masonry as shespoke, 'half laughing, w-holly In ear niest.' She was proud of the old'bldod that flowed so spiritedly in her veins, of this noble mansion, of, the princely.in heritance which was her'birthright. "Welcome to Scarswood. Mr Dantree,'" she said, as he passed by her side under the Norman arch. He raisedl his hat. "Thank you, Miss Dangerfield," he said, gravely; and so, still by her side, walked up the dripping elm avenue and into the house. - His fatal beauty-fatal, though .he was but seven-and-twenty, to many women had done its work once more. 'Her own hand had brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood- Hall, aid until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from all other days in Katherine Danger field's life. Sir John sat in his library alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent at first sight: it only contained these lines, written in'an elegant, flowing Italian chirography: Paris, September 23. PIy Dear Sir John Dangerfleld,-How delightedly my' pen writes the .titlei' A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scarswood Park is yours, and your income is clear eight thousand a year. ?Who could have hoped it? And you're back in.England, and la petite-the lit tile Katherine. Darling little Katherine! So full of spirit and self-will, as she was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah, mon dieu! fifteen weary, weary, weary years. My dear baronet, I am coming to see you. I know you-will be enchanted. , On -the 3rd of October you will send your carriage to Castle ford station to meet the twenty minutes past seven London express and me. And your servant will ask.for Mrs Vd vasor. I adapt my names as I do my conversation to my company, and among the aristocratic county families of Sussex let me be aristocratic too. Adieu, my baronet, for the present, and allow me to subscribe myself by the old cognomen of HARRIET HARPMAN. P.S.-Tell my pet. Katherine, I am coming. Kiss the darling child for me. He had sat for hours as he sat now, that letter crushed in his hand, a grey ish pallor on his face, his eyes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing wind- blown trees. The light ning thunder broke forth over the roof, the summer rain beat on the glass. He neither 'saw nor heard; he sat like a man stunned. by a great and sudden blow. "And I -thought her dead," he .imur mured. "I hoped she was dead. .1. thought, after fifteen-yea~rs silence, I was safe; and now-oh, God, will the wicked wish.never be granted?" He sat there as he had sat since he left the breakfast table; when. the door was flung open and Katheriiili rilpling 11ke. a mermaid, stood before him. ."MSay I come in, papa, or have you fallen asleep? Do you know' it is two o'clock, alid past luincheon time, - and that I have brought home a guest? It's lMr Dantree, papa. Youh remenibei him, you know; and he wants tosee' the house and I want you to be civil- to'him. He's in"thie blue dra?yingrooin: iind while I'm changing my habit,- I wish' you wiould go and entertain him. Papa!" (She broke off suddenly, catching sight of his altered face.). " What is the matter? You look like your own ghost." He rose up stiffly, as if his limbs were cramped, crushing the letter more 'tight ly still in -his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her, as he answered: "I am a little cold. Who did you say was waiting, Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man, Gaston Dantree. By-the bye, Kathie, tell Harrison 'to prepare one of the front chambers for a-a lady-an old friend of mine--who is coming to, visit us. She w Ill be here on the even ing of the 3rd of October next, and her name is Mrs Yavasor." S (To be continued.) 