THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. PROVISION AGAINST DEADLOCKS. EFFORTS TO ATTAIN A COMPROMISE. SYDNEY, Monday. (Reuter’s Telegrams.) The Convention this morning resumed the discussion on the proposals for providing against deadlocks. Sir George Turner said that he wonld ba satisfied that Mr Symons’ clause that was carried on Friday sbonld remain, with the addition of the alternative of a resort to the referendum at the option of the Government of the day. Mr M'Millan thought that some scheme sbonld bs devised whereby that House should bo dissolved which had been the longest away from its eonstituencies. Mr Alfred Deakin Baid he believed that the differences that arose between the two Houses wonld be amicably Battled in 99 cases out of 100, bnt he believed that the double dissolution would be tbe most effective means of settling tbe differences that did arise with a referen dum in oaee of need to secure fiualty. Mr Symon (S.A.) said that he was still of opinion that the scheme carried at hie instance was the best, but whatever soheme was adopted, he hoped that there would be a deter mination on the part of all to give the Consti tution their best support when it was sub mitted to tbe people. Mr Reid said that be conld not conceive any method which would be likely to give finality in case of deadlocks, except that of both Houses sitting and voting together. He re garded the dual referendum as a monstrous absurdity. He approved of n dual dissolution, but the only question was what was to follow if a dissolution left both Houses as obstinate as ever. Sir J. Downer said he thought that a dead lock was the safeguard of the constitution and he believed that a double dissolution would be a faroe, and that a donble referendum would be a farce too. He hoped that the amendment which had been carried would be adhered to. Mr Simon Fraser said that he was not pre pared to go back upon the vote be gave on Friday on this subject, and be would rather see federation loßt than put in the constitution something whiob be thought dangerous to the liberties of the people. Sir J. Forrest denied that Western Aus tralia waß unready to join in a federation. He said that his colony had made greater eacri fices than any other to be present, and would not haTe done so unless it was anxious to join; but unless moderate connsels prevailed, Western Australia would be unwilling to join, and he hoped that the Convention would bo satisfied with what had been! carried at the instance of Mr Symou. Mr Carruthers suggested that the plan adopted should be that if either House of Parliament in two conseoutive sessions of the Rnme Parliament passed a proposed law which the other Houbb failed to pass, the Governor- General might dissolve both Houses, and if either House after a general eleotion would not pass the prnposod law, then there Bhould be a full conference of the two Houses in whioh conferenoe a two-thirds majority Bhould be neoessary to pass the proposed law provided that it ehonld be lawful for a tnajority of the confereDoe to pass a resolution praying the Governor General to refer the proposed law to' the general vote of the people of the common wealth. Mr Kingston favored a national referendum except in all cases where a minority insisted on a referendum to the States for protection of States rights. The power of demanding a national referendum he would give to one- third of the House of Representatives, or the repre-. aentatives of half the States in the Honse of Representatives. Mr Wise said it was necessary to provide some moans for allaying the fears of the popu lation of the large colonies, if that coaid be done without a conflict with the fundamental factors of the federal anion. Sir George Turner said he thought Mr Kingston had hit upon a trne solntion. Ha coaid not realise in any disputes that would ocour in the Federal Parliament that there wonld be pitting. State against State. He coaid not accept tbs proposal for a settlement by a meeting of both Houses. Mr Higgins considered that before the Con vention adjourned they ehonld come to a de cision in favor of a double dissolution, and he regretted that Sir George Tamer had aban doned hie support of the principle of a national referendum. Sir Geo. Tamer interjected by saying— “We ehonld not have had the ghost of a shadow of a chance of carrying the national referendum.” . , Mr Higgins said “ without the national referendum yon won’t have a ghost of a shadow of a chance of carrying the bill.” Mr Barton said it had to be remembered that the decision would be subject to_ reyiew; but it must be regarded aa a decision that animated them from such information a* they had up to the present time, and he considered the proposal of Sir Georg# Turner superior to Mr Lyne’s. The Constitution was sufficient without any provision for deadlocks at all; but as it was a public demand the Convention must oomply with it. He thought Mr Car rntbers’ proposal deserved careful considera tion, and the idea of it might be utilised, as the simpler a scheme was made the batter it would be. Mr Lyne made a long and fiery protest against the vote being taken, because he said the question was not thoroughly understood. The Convention agreed to strike out "if from Mr Lyne’s amendment, in order to allow Sir George Turner’s amendment to be voted on. The Convention then divided on Mr Wise e amendment to insert after the words “ House of Representatives ” in Sir Georgo Turner a amendment the words —" Providing that in the first instance both Houses of Parliament may be dissolved simul taneously, provided that the . Senate shall be dissolved within a period of six months immediately preceding the date of expiry of the duration of the House of Repre sentatives.” For the amendment there were 25, as against 20. Sir George Tnrner and all the Victorians except Mr Fraser voted with the majority. On Sir George Turner’s amendment bb amended by Mr Wise, Mr Lyne then proposed anew amendment for the insertion of wordß favoring the sub mitting of the proposed law to a national referendum. _ The Convention divided —For Mr Lyne s amendment, 36; against, 10. Sir George Turner then proposed to add the words, “ by dual referendum.” The Convention divided —For the insertion of the propoeed words, 18; against, 27. The words, “to the direct determination of the people,” in Sir G. Turner’s amendment, were then struck ont. Mr Carrnthers proposed filling up the blank by words providing for the considering of the proposed law by the members of tho two Houses deliberating and voting together, and for the adoption or rejection of the proposal according to tho decision of the majority, three-fifths of tho members being present and voting on the question. At this stage, so as to allow of time to hs taken to consider tha matter, progress was reported. The Convention adjourned at midnight. Sir George Turner leaves for Melbourne to morrow. 