. A HOUSELESS FAMILY. FATHER, MOTHER, AND BABt.' -ALL NIQHT IN THE STORM. A gentleman who, with liis .,wj£e ' and si? niohths'-old.'ijftbys wjls -driven '-ioiifc. into the ? tempestuous night on theso'dfiM'on of the' recent cyclone at Port jparwln, gives the foj,: 'lowing realistip account of hiB experiences 'in a letter dated J*nuary'16, which l«ame to hie friends in Adelaide on Tuesday :— «We Weni to be! on Wednesday, January 0. at about ll o'clock, and a storm commenced shortly after. At first I paid no attention to it, but the wind became stronger And stronger, shaking away at the house till it rocked and creaked dreadfully, and eventually I noticed that, part of the roof had begun to give way, so we took baby and went to the photographic darkroom, which hasan iron ceiling. Istretched the mattress on the floor, and made my wife lie down with the' baby.- The din was fearful —iron flogging iron, with a sound like that of a heavy, train passing over our heads— and a rafter now and then crashing down to show how real the danger was. At about 4 a.m. I noticed the dark-room roof was about to fly away, bo we removed into the passage between that apartment and the bedroom, where we stopped a little while, but very soon some of the iron of that roof began to lift. ' The kitchen came down .with a terrific rattle, and as the whole building was cracking I thought it better to leave the house and try and make for the hayshed, which I thought was a sufficiently strong building to with stand the terrible storm. All this time heavy rain was falling, but luckily no thunder or lightning. We got out of tho passage into the open, but as we did so the lantern we had blew out, and we were in total darkness. There was nothing else to do but to hurry along through the blinding rain and to endeavor to keep on the road till wo reached tho hayshed, We struggled hard to i get to shelter, but it was impossible to find the place. I could not see an inch in front of me, and naturally we could only travel with the wind. No mortal could have gone in the other direction, so we had to bow to the force of circumstances and the stre&s.of; the hurricane. My wife holding tlie baby, which had been hurriedly wrapped in an oilcloth snatched up j from an adjacent table as we rushed from the house, and I holding her, we stumbled and fell over stumps or wero constantly blown by the wind until at last we were compelled reluc tantly to abandon our quest. It wa3 abso lutely impossible to stand up against tlie | storm, aud so we sr.uk down in the most, sheltered spot that we could find in tlie thick blackness. 'I never expected to get through the night alive, and baby I felt certain would be dead be- j foro the light came. Luckily the danger from I flying sheets of iron and severed branches of j trees had considerably diminished when we | went into the open. Tho rain was so heavy that it stung like steel, and cut up the leaves on the road into infinitesimal pieces. The sides of the trees facing tho wind were showing white as ghosts when the dawn came, the bark j being entirely stripped off, while scarcely alpaf | was left ou any of the trees or shrubs, large ' trees being uprooted and tossed aside as though ? they were of the variety which one sees in Noah's arks. 'Port Darwin, as we came to it, toiling | through the flooded lands, presented a most ; gruesome sight. Thero was hardly a house to bo seen which had not at the very least lost its roof. At J daylight tho storm was slightly less violent and we left our improvised camp aud made for the nearest shelter, a mile and a half distant. At some parts of the road the water came up to my waist. My wife was walking barefoot all the way over a stony road carrying the baby close against her breast. It was hard on my feet. What must it have been to hers? We kept the baby pretty dry, although none of us had much apparel, tor there was no time to dress after the first shock of the storm awoke us and made us wanderers. Fortunately, notwithstanding the exposure, the anxiety, and the uti wonted exertion, none of us are now much the worse, iiiid we are busy getting on? horns in order again.' 