MIXES AXD MINING. .By 11. If. BAXYKR. A 51.I.M.E., Assayor and Analyst.,] Some very excellent assay returns of samples from the New Ediacra Silver Mine has been made public. The samples ranged up to six and seven hundred ounces of silver to the ton. It has not been stated what the objects of the owners of the mine are; but there is a poor chance of getting it off on the public as a company, if that is the intention. Unless I am very much mistaken, Mr Backhouse, whose name is prominent in conncction with the property is closely associated with the Menzies combination, and if that is so, they have money enough to work the mine without affording the public an opportunity of having another dip into the " lucky bag" of mining ventures in-the hope of extracting something good. Some people swear by the name of Menzies in connection with Barossa gold mining and during that gentleman's absence in the West recently mining in the colony, particularly at Barossa, was at a standstill. He has returned; but, unfortunately, the impetus has not been very great, and things are only jnst moving. I have a very fair amount of faith in the Barossa country, if a little energy and capital were expended there; but the public will do well to exercise judgment in accepting the fortunes which are held out to them. Some one. will, no doubt, do well out of the properties, but the shareholders are hardly likely to come in there. The past records of mining at Barossa are blotted with ruinous ventures, but there is no reason why payable mines should not be developed there. There is gold there, and plenty of it. It wants hunting for in a determined and methodical manner—but it must be done on the spot and not iu King William Street, Adelaide. The "Golden West'" has the cry of unemployed along its goldfieids. The number of those eager for employment has become greatly in excess of the requirements of those who have mining properties for development, and hundreds of men who went over after the Christmas holidays find that they are now without work and money. Mass meetings have been held and strong protests entered thereat against the wholesale manner in which exemptions have been granted. It seems, however, that it is not a question of number of exemptions, but the reason for them that can be legitimately raised. The fact is there are more men there than are required, and it is folly to expect shareholders to work "duffer" mines for the purpose of finding work for them. Reports are received of a rich find of gold at Warrakilla North Mine iu the Echnnga district. It is a wonder that the Echunga field has not been better worked than it has. Fifteen years ago I saw some fine specimens there. The Queen Bee Mine after a viscissitudious career for several years, has had to give up the ghost. Some shareholders thought there was a sure fortune for them when the company went in for the Tiera Leca and other expensive machinery, but fate has been against them, and their only chance of a dividend now is in the disposal of the machinery at the end of the present month. New Guinea is attracting considerable attention as a gold field, but the reports of the gold found do not justify any haste to get there. Besides that, the climate is unhealthy, and there are other dangers which should induce seekers of the precions metal to laav« New Guinea alone 4 at-any rate until the resources of onr colony have been exhausted. But'there is much truth in the old proverb "That distance lends enchantment to the view." As in some parts of the north, asbestos Is to be found it might be interesting to note that Herr Frobeen, of Germany, has invented a new fireproof paper. It consists of 95 per cent, of asbestos, the remaining five parts are wood pulp. Paper made of this substance will resist even the direct influence of a flame for any length of time and may be placed in white heat with impunity. Fire-proof clothing has been made of asbestos tor a number of years. Speaking of copper mining in South Australia, a recent issue of the Barrier Miner (Broken Hill) says "a good deal of prospecting for copper is being done in the north-east of South Australia. Among the concerns at work is the Mount Ilowden Company, whose showis near Bimbowrie, between here and Mannahill. A correspondent writes that the men are opening up a big lode formation 40 it. wide and with a bold and persistent outcrop. Several South Australian copper expert? and the South Australian Government Geologist, have recently visited the blocks and reported favorably on them. Work is being carried on upon the property by open cuts, and a shaft is now down 45ft. in copper. Thirteen tons of carbonate ore have been sent to Wallaroo, averaging 22 per cent., and a large quantity of good carbonate ore is at grass. An Adelaide syndicate has the iour adjoining blocks, called Bimba Ilill, on the same line of lode. Other blocks have also been taken up. 