HOWARD. [from oub own correspondent.] March 21. A concbet was held in the Lamuigton Hall on Friday last, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to giving the State school children a free trip to Pialba. There was a good attendance, and the Howard Band played outside the hall before the proceed ings commenced. The stage was well occupied by the ' Amalgamated Choir,' who formed a very nice tableau. Mr. D. P. White acted as chairman, ana maae a few remarks, wherein he drew attention to the purpose of the concert, and also to the fact that as all were kindly contributing their services gratis, very little expense had been incurred, and therefore tho children would receive the benefit of all the proceeds. He then called upon the Misses Watkins for a pianoforte duet, which was very well executed. The next item was ' The Hunts man's Chorus,' rendered by the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Maxwell, and accompanied by the pianoforte, at which Watkins presided. The . choir refloat great credit upon Mr. Maxwell, as they kept good time and sang in splendid harmony, the result of good training. Mr. Pollard gave a song entitled *' I didn't stop to say good bye,1' which he rendered in a witty and pleasing manner. Mrs. Coleman and Mr. C. Maxwell next contributed a duet. A recitation by Mr. Tregea (of Maryborough) followed, entitled ' The Old Actress's, Story.' and it proved a touching story, and was excellently recited, insomuch that on his leaving the stage he was loudly encored, and gave a witty and humorous recitation, entitled 'The Sale of Bachelors.' Mr. White then called upon Messrs. Wilson, Pollard, . Watkms, and M'Kenna .lor a recitation, entitled ' Parliamentary Catch',' which was also , loudly encore i. The Misses Borgbyne 'played a duet 'very nice and sweetly. 'The next item . was a song by Mr. E. Maxwell, - entitled ' Good- , bye sweetheart, Good-bye,' and then Mr.' Tregea gave anoLlier touching recitation, and was again recalled,' when hi amused his audience by reciting 'Paddy's be witched Britches' in grand style. 'Miss E; Bufiy followed with a nice pianoforte solo, and afterwards Mn C.'Maxwell sang a song ?ntitie'd ''A-'ltfe on the ocean Wave, ' In good stylB. ;vThe choir then gave another splendid iglebjia'jd l.!ie pr gramme was con- i eluded by iho':Hov/-n- i Christy .Minstrels, who g^vc a .'.'.iiiKgor' sketch, and after wards played that Ia!i;;:iable farod entitled ?'Grandmother's ' Ghost,' and highly ?mused their audience with it; A dance was held after tbe concort, at which Str. 'Wilson; acted ;as Master of Ceremony, and -Mr. 'Murphy lcuidly supplied. the. music. The evening was an. enjoyable one and a financial success, £8 being realised. I have omitted- to mention that Mr. White, in thanbihg' the performers for their kind assistance, said that he hoped to' see all the parents join the' children on the day of' their picnic, and that they would have an enjoy able time while at Pialba, which he hoped would be some t.imo early next month. 