The NOVELIST. The Red Reef Tragedy. A MINING CAMP EPISODE. A TRUE STORY. Although many years have elapsed since the tragedy I am now going to narrate took place on a Victorian diggings, probably some old miners at present working out their destiny in the West will remem ber the incident, which caused a great stir at the time. The circumstances surrounding it were of an exception ally revolting character. Society, in the " good old days " when the tragedy was com mitted, had not jolted down to its present conventional level, and many anomalies and incongruities that were then rampant are now archaic and entirely forgotten. " Rough and ready " was the order of the day, and rough and ready life certainly was, especially on the diggings, whither all sorts and condi ditions of humanity flocked in search of gold. It was a period of feverish excitement with out parallel in the history of Australia, or of any other country, when men's passions ran riot, and excess and exaggeration charac terised the daily existence of many who, under more favorable circumstances, would have quietly abided by the amenities of sedate 'citizenship. One had to possess strong moral fibre and stability to be able to resist the temptaions artfully placed in the people's way. The restraining influence of domestic life was absent, the result proving that the average "lord of creation" generally degene rated. There were wanting the ameliorating influences of the beloved beings and associa tions which constitute home. It is not surprising, therefore, that the pubhec-house and the bagnia flourished be yond all precedent. The hcensed houses on the goldfields were, for the most part, ram shackle structures without any pretensions to comfort and convenience, and generally conducted on loose principles. Of course they were all dubbed "hotels," but compared with the fine modern buildings now devoted to the liquor traffic they can only be called miserable shanties. However, they served their purpose very well and the shingle bar and tap-room, adorned with pictures of famous pugs and fox-hunters, and presided over by saucy barmaids, never failed to draw a bumper house. The barmaid was a great institution in those days, and she still is. if I may judge from my experience in the West. The seductive handmaids of Bacchus, who grace the bars here, are as charming and popular as were their sisters in the past. There were illegal as well as legal grog shons, so that there was no lack of " lush"; and as the " beans" were plentiful, " Gol lagher let her went," and both sexes lapped the mountain dew and "she-oak" till the wee sma' hours, to the accompaniment of ribald ditties and lobscene evolutions on the light fantastic toe. Wild bacchanalian orgies and shameless debaucheries were of nightly oecurrence There was singing and crying and laughter, And seeds of deceit and distrust ; There was joy in the drinking, and after Dishonor, Disgrace, and Disgust. It would be unfair, of course, to say that all the public-houses on the goldfields were loosely conducted. On the contrary, many fairly decent establishments were in exist ence, amongst them being the Golden Nugget Hotel, in which Maud Lewis dis played her charms and wiles as barmaid. She was a pretty and graceful girl, of not immodest demeanour, and was respected by all the young fellows that frequented the bar, as much for the pleasure of a friendly chat with her, as for the liquor she sold. Misaud had many admirers, and some very ardent lovers ; but she was a discreet maid, and disguised her preference so cleverly as to leave busybodies entirely in the dark as to the real state of her heart. Amongst her suitors was one in particular named David Goane, a young fellow of fine physique, but of an impulsive and passionate temperament. He was completely infatuated, and often de clared that if Maud declined to become his wife, life would have no further interest for him. Goane was a miner, and had resolved to ask Miss Lewis to be his bride when he had saved enough to set uno housekeeping with. The young girl never seriously con templated an alliance with her impetuous suitor, of whom she stood somewhat in awe, but she did not say anything to damp his ardour. Among Maud's admirers was a young Italian named Antonio Lasconi but the fair Hebe at the Golden Nugget preferred one of the Bed Reef miners, and the camp awoke one morning to find that she had quietly become Mrs Paul Clune, at the decent little church that topped the neighboring hill, on the night before. Young Goane took his defeatWry much to heart. He was quite unmanned, and his anguish of mind evinced itself in different ways at different times Now pale Melancholy marked him for her own; And again, Hylas-like, his sorrows to the wind would mourn. But more often he gave way to violent anger, and when in such tantrums he vented his feelings in wild upbraidings and in threats of vengeance upon Maud, whom he stigma. tised as a heartless jilt. On one occasion he went so far as to declare that he would never rest content until he had slaked his fury in her blood; but no importance was then attached to this gory threat; it was regarded as the raving of disappointed love. Even Antonio Lasconi, who happened to be passing at the moment, evinced no further interest in Goane's outrageous ebullition than a spasmodic flashing of his dark Italian eyes. Being of a very passionate tempera ment, no doubt David's reason was impaired ; but as weeks rolled by he retrieved his man hood. His natural spirits returned, and a sensitive and generous disposition impelled him to express contrition forgthe unmanly way in which he had aspersed Maud's fair fame. Re protested that he bore her no ill will; he even went so far as to wish her good luck and all happiness with the choice of her heart. Mr and Mrs Clune had now been married some three months. They resided in a slab cottage, and though not much to look at from outside, everything was neat and com fortable within. The Clunes were regarded by their neighbours as a very loving young couple, and there was no apparent inequality in either husband or wife' calculated to endanger the happiness of their married life. John was a sober, industrious man, and much respected by his fellows, and Mrs Clune was an excellent housekeeper. Under such happy auspices they were justly en titled to look forward to a long and happy union, but they were doomed to cruel disap pointment. It :-as with a light step and cheerful spirits that John Clune was returning to his home one morning, after working his shift on the Red Reef. "Is she up, I wonder ?" he mused to himself as he approached the cot .tage, and casually looking at the chimney and seeing no smoke issuing therefrom, he concluded that his wife was still abed. With the intention of surp.rising her he noiselessly entered the house. His first idea was to light a fire and make a cup of tea, but a strange indefinable sensation seized upon him. and stealing on tip-toe he peeped into the bedroom. Oh, God I the ghastly sight that met his vision I There, on her bed, lay his beloved young wife, weltering in her blood I Horri fied, he stood trembling, and for some moments he had lost the power of speech. At length he exclaimed : " Am I awake, or am I only dreaming 7" and staggered to the bed side. " Mand I MAUD ?I MAUDi il I say, Maud; for Heaven's sake, speak to me, my darling I" He might as well- have cried out to the stones. Maud Clune was dead. She had been brutally murdered during the night. Great was the excitement and indignation throughout the camp when it became known that young Mrs Clune had been foully done to death during the absence of her husband. The scene of the outrage was besieged, but the constable who had taken charge of the premises was inexorable and denied admis sion to all, excepting the storekeeper and the postmaster, who assisted him in his investi gal ions. 1 a making a search Constable Mullane found a meerachaum pipe of peculiar pattern on the mantelshelf in the kitchen, and turn ing to Clune asked if the pipe belonged to him. Clune answered in the negative, and declared he had never seen the pipe before. Here was a clue, and the constable, walking to the door, held the pipe aloft, and asked if anyone in the crowd identified it. " Yes, I do," said Bill Jones, a disciple of St. Crispin. "I can swear to it now, and would swear to it fifty years hence. It's Dave Goane's pipe, Look at the silver ferrule on the mouthpiece, and you'll find his initials, ' D.G.,' in small letters." Others also claimed to recognise the pipe. It appeared to have been well- known, for as it was a handsome and artistically-carved meerschaum, Goane was in the habit of showing it to his associates. " Has anyone seen David Goane lately, and where is he to be found 7" asked the manager of the Red Reef claim, who had arrived a few minutes previously. "He's camped in the Wild Cat Gully," responded Antonio Lasconi, from the rear of the crowd. At once a rush was made for Wild Cat Gully, and on reaching a tent Goane was discovered in his bunk, quietly enjoying the final chapter in "The Woman in White." Questioned by the constable as to where and how he passed the previous night, David, evidently confused and alarmed by the angry, threatening looks of the crowd, hesitated to answer, and before he could collect his wits he was arrested and charged with the murder of Mrs Clune. The miners would have torn him limb from limb but for the constable. At the inquest witnesses were examined. Dr Lawrence testified to the cause of death, which he attributed to bemorrhage and shock to the system, caused by a deep wound in the throat, which severed the left artery and windpipe. Several witnesses deposed to having heard Goane threaten the life of Mrs Clune; and Lasconi, the man who led the arrestinn party to the prisoner's tent, re ferred, with affected reluctance, to the occasion when David declared he would never rest content until he had slaked his vengeance in the blood of Maud Clune. The constable's evidence as to the finding of the pipe was taken, and Bill Jones' identification of the pipe was confirmed by the accused. who unhesitatingly admitted its ownership. Goane was committed for trial, and in less than two months suffered the last dread penalty of the law. He met his fate with fortitude, and protested his innocence to the end, * * It would be difficult to imagine a more desolate tract than the narrow strip of country known as the Coorong, which ex tends from the dusty little township of Laci. pede, on the margin of Southern Ocean, to the rustice hamlet of Miningie, on theeastern bank of Lake Victoria, near the Murray River, in South Australia. The desert, as it was called, was certainly the terror of the " overlanders " in the days of which I write. Bounded on one side by a dense and dismal jungle of Mallee scrub, extending for miles inland, and on the other by a long range of undulating sandhills, the landscape was of a singularly lonely and monotonous character. The evil reports circulated by those who had endured the hardships of the desert, had such a deterrent influence that nothing less than sternest necessity could induce anyone to traverse the inhospitable waste of sand andl salt pans. Some . ears ago, nowever, in company with a young Tasmanian, I had occasion to cross the desert, and I still retain vivid recol , cetions of the vicissitudes encountered on the way. The season was mid-summer, and the scorching heat and scarcity of water rendered the undertaking very trying. The jou:ney occupied three days, and at sun down on the second evening we sighted the only residence on the road-a miserable saddle-backed shanty, which served as a police out-station. The camp was situated in the mouth of a lonesome gulch : but as there were feed and water in the vicinity, we hailed the solitary habitation with delight, our horses being as tired, hungry and weary as ourselves. The friendly bark ing of. a fine staghound announced our pre sence, and in a few moments the stalwart figure of Trooper MacDougall, an ex- cavalry man, appeared in the doorway, and in sten torian toner bade us a hearty welcome. Having watered and hobbled the nags, we went inside and had some tucker, after which the pipes came out. We fell to yarning, and Mac told us the following strange story in a very impressive way : It has been my lot began the trooper, in the course of a lengthy, wandering career, to have witnessed storms in various parts of the world, north and south of the line, but I cannot recollect ever having experienced any equal in intensity to that which took place hereon July 10 last. The weather had been unusually mild for this time of the year, but on the afternoon of the day in question heavy banks of clouds rolled up from the western horizon, accompanied by flashes of sheet and chain lightning, and the sullen rumbling of distant thunder. By nightfall the heavens were obscure in cimmerian dark ness, and some hours later the storm burst in all its fury. The booming of the ocean some 300 yards distant, the roaring of the wind through the scrub, the tremendous crashing of thunder, the incessant and vivid flashing of lightning, and the deluging of rain all affected me greatly. I was awed. Although I have been through the fire and tumult of the battle-field, still I am strongly influenced by the immeasurable potentiality which thunders forth its sovereignty in the terrify ing voice of the tempest. The spiritual in my nature is powerfully appealed to, the conscience awakened, and the insignificance of my own individuality brought home to me with irresistible force. My sympathies expand, and I think of those who are battl ing on the bosom of the angry main, and also of the unsheltered creatures in town and country, houseless and cold, wet and hungry Wanderers o'er life's stormy sea, Whose barque drives on and on, And anchored ne'er shall be. Forgotten scenes and incidents, and beloved, but alas 1 vanished voices and faces, revisit my mind, and memory harks back to the days of innocent childhood, when I sat in pensive mood by the fireside, while the elements warred outside in the pitchy gloom of midnight. Subdued and saddened in spirit, I retired to rest on that memorable and fatal night, and after rolling and tossing for some time lapsed into a troubled slumber. How long I had been in that condition I cannot say, when I suddenly awoke with the conviction that someone was tapping at the window. I listened for some time, but as the noise was not repeated, I concluded I had been dream ing and turned over for another snooze. Almost immediately, however, the tapping was renewned; so I rase to ascertain who had thus disturbed my repose at such an unreasonable hour. Upon opening the door I iwas confronted by a wild, uncanny figure, with long matted hair and beard, and clothes in tatters, from which the water literally streamed. The blazing sunken eyes and withered visage were terrible to behold, and made me think I was in the presence of an escaped lunatic or of some unhappy wretch who had wan dered away from eivilisation, and, having lost his way in the mazes of the boundless mallee scrub, became mad from exposure and despair. He was the most deplorable specimen of humanity I had ever seen. Speaking kindly, I invited him to come in and sit by the fire while I prepared some thing for him to eat. He tottered after me in silence, and, reaching a chair, sank wearily into it with a deep sigh and feeble groan. I regarded the poor fellow with feelings of profound commiseration, and, remembering a little brandy kept for emer gency, I offered him some, which he declined. Food neither would he taste, though he ap peared to be famishing. While I attempted to remonstrate, in trembling accents he begged me to refrain, saying he needed neither food nor stimulant, as he had surrep titously swallowed a dose of poison as he Ifollowed me into the camp. Perceiving that I doubted his statement, he produced a small phial, which still held enough of the poison to do a dozen strong men to death, and im plored me to tolerate him, as he was goaded to the desperate deed by remorse of con science for a fearful crime he had perpetra tod many years ago. "You have," said he, "heardlof the hermit of the mallee scrub. I am he, and I come to you, as to a father confessor, to relieve my mind of a weight of guilt by vindicating the name and memory of one of my unfortunate victims, on whom I brought the greatest misery that one man can inflict upon another. I can convey no idea of the sleep less anguish I've endured since that accursed night, when, driven by lust and jealousy, I blasted the life of her whom I loved and coveted with a consuming passion. It did not deter me that she was the wife of another man. I loved her in her maiden days, and the circumstance of her marriage intensified rather than abated the unholy desire. She was barmaid in an hotel when first I met her, and now in this, my last hour on earth, I solemnly declare that my love for Maud Lewis was as pure as man ever felt for the woman he adored. Insane jealousy would possess me when she evinced the least partiality for my rivals. I was simply mad, and could not see or understand that in her position she was called upon to exercise her amiability to attract young men to the bar. One of my rivals was named David Goane, who was an aggressive suitor, and therefore very distasteful to me. I was jealous of him, but after events proved I had no occasion to be. "All this occurred in the long past at the Red Reef Mining Camp, in Victoria. Having occasion to visit a friend at a distance, I was absent from the camp for eight or ten days, and Ion my return called at the Golden Nugget Hotel, to bask in the sunshine of my sweetheart's eyes. Entering the bar, I was surprised at seeing a strange face behind the counter, and on enquiring for Miis Lewis, the new barmaid intimated with a grin, that Miss Lewis had left two days previously. and further, that she was no longer Miss Lewis. but was Mrs Paul Clune, having married a miner of that nacre within the last few hours. Imagine, if you can, my feelings upon receipt of this unexpected and crushing intelligence. I was, for the moment, stunned almost to insensibility. My heart seemed to stand still, and the whole place to swim around me. This sen sation did not last for long. Ordering a glass of brandy, I drank it and departed as well as I can remember, without thought intention, or emotion. Nature, however, quickly reasserted herself, .and my mind went to work with the impetuosity of the whirlwind. It would be vain to attempt to describe my sufferings for some weeks following-despair and anger, fury and prostration, alternating in rapid succes sion. Was Maud Lewis, who, I conceived, had basely jilted me. to enjoy happiness in another man's arms ? No, by God if it cost me my life here, and utter damnation in the next. But for all that I did not mean to endanger my neck." Here the poor wretch began to writhe with acute pain in the stomach and to froth at the mouth, and it was only by an alnmost superhuman effort that he continued : "It was well known that David Goane took Maud's marriage with a bad grace, and indulged in very incriminating language on the occasion. Distracted in mind and en feebled in constitution, I sought oblivion of my woe in drink, and though hitherto of abstemious habits, I soon became a confirmed drunkard. Under the blighting influences of alcohol all the nobler traits of heart and brain were stifled. Love turned to lust, and I was dominated by the green-eyed monster and the foul spirit of revenge." The unfortunate outcast was now in an awful plight, but he managed to convey thec following : "Under these baleful influences I con ceived the horrible scheme of wrecking Maud's happiness. I secretly watched, and discovered that she occupied the cottage all night by herself, when her husband was at work. She was at my mercy, and I was as merciless as a fiend. With diabolical prt mediation I crept into David Goane's tent one night. and abstracted his meerschaum pipe that lay on a table beside the bunk on which he slept. Next morning Manud Clune was discovered murdered in her bed. The constable found Goane's pipe on the mantel piece in Paul Clune's kitchen, and it wss that.pipe which hanged David Goane; but 1, Anton Lasconi, and I alone, am the guilty author of the crime for which that man ended his days on the gallows." No sooner had the awful confession left his lips than the murderer and suicider was seized with awful convulsions, and before 'I could help him he fell heavily to the floor. What weird unhallowed shadows flitted o'r his pallid features I Bow phantom demons crowded the tortured imagination, as with gnashing teeth and foaming jaws the doomed wretch plunged and panted in the final agony of his dissolutibn. For the next few minutes his frantiic struggles were terrible to witness, till at last, with a prodigious effort, he turned on his back and gave up the ghost, the storm all the time raging with un abated fury. Such was the trooper's story. Weary, after a long day's tide in the broiling sun, 1 repaired to a hammock, where, wrapped in a possum-rug, and lulled to sleep by the sonor ous voice of the ocean, I soon lost conscious ness of the world of sin and sorrow. The Government, on the occasion of their taking over the Great Southern railway and the line from Boorabbin to Kalgoorlie, have fixed the following as the passenger fares : Fremantle and Kalgoorlie, distance 385 miles, single journey, 1st class, 64s; 2nd, 39s 10d; return journey, e1st 96s, 2nd 59s 9d. Perth and Kalgoorlie, distance 878 miles: Single journey, Ist 62s Sd, 2nd 88se 10d; return journey 93e Sd, 2nd 58s 3d. Kalgoorlie and Albany, distance 594 miles : Single journey, 1st 99a, 2nd 61 lid ; return journey, 1st 148s 6d, 2nd 92s lid. The announcement is made that in the meantime sleeping carriages will only be available between the capital and Boaoubbin. ~., 