THE TURF. RACING NOTES. [By Mjsstok.] Owing to the length of time that has elapsed since the' Gawler -.meeting was held the A.R.C. should have a big attendance of spec tators as well as large fields of horses' at? their meeting on Victoria Park on Saturday, 18th instant. The course itself is now in splendid order, and those who have not seen it will be surprised to find an emerald turf- at this time of year.; ' The: committee have been unsparing in theuse of water, and the couch grass has now got a good firm hold, while die turf itself is quite springy. AH the big- jumps are being well watered both on the take off and the landing .side, but the travelling in between will be very hard, and the dicky legged ones , will find this out. Next year the Steeple course_ will be proportionately improved. The new trainingtrack has given the utmost satisfaction to owners and trainers, and has proved its efficacy by attracting a number of horses up from Glenelg. The card on Satur day opens with the Welter Handicap,_ seven furlongs, for which -there are 20 candidates. In the same race last year 11 horses went to the post, and Fairlight, 8 st. 10 lb., won from" The Idler, 8 St. 10 lb., and Maritana, 8 st. 3 lb. The top weight now i3 Bloodstone, 10 st. .8 lb.;- next comes Damper with a drop of. 10 lb.; - then Gnullo with 7 lb. less than Damper. Gnullo is suffering from a ricked shoulder. U.Z., 9 st. 2 lb., is in tlie Hurdle Race, 'lhe Idler, 8 st. 13 lb., has 3 lb. more than he ran second with last year. De la Volta, 8 st. 12 lb., has 13 lb. less than she carried unplaced last year. Haivrel on the same ; mark : should have a chance if all right, but is iiot so well as she might be. Bernice, 8 st. 11 lb., will have the services of J. Gougli, of New South "Wales; and who, we understand, will also ride Hear Hear, in his engagements. Firelock has had a long retirement, and if well on his, two-' year-old form would have a decided chance. Burnside, 8st. 10 lb., should have a chance on his Gawler running, where he won the Welter Handicap, beating Gnullo and the Idler. "Diva lias not done much of late, and Orb should be more at home in the Jumpers' Flat Race. Of those below Fair Saxon appears to be the best. This race may be won by BLOODSTONE (with a start) from Burnside and Bernice. The Hurdle Race, a mile and three quarters, has 13 candidates. Won last year by Wirrawa, 10 st. 12 lb.; from Mavis and Flood bird, in a field of 12 starters. TJ.Z. .isnowat the head , of affairs with 11 st. 7 lb., and it shows what a poor lot of hurdle horses we have just now When there is a drop of 18 lb. to the animal Regent 10 st. 3 lb. . This mare is now in Mr. Ferry's hands. Conscript and Garter, 10 st. each, should have a chance. Darkie does not run lip to his private reputation. Jack Sprat is getting, too old for the work. Maid of the Mist, the sensational dividend; payer, should have a chance, and of the others Edith and Thacknringa appear to be the best. Summing up we therefore give the places to TJ.Z., with Garter or Conscript from Maid; of the Mist. The Anniversary Handicap, a mile and a furlong, comes next, with 15 acceptors. Last year eight runners went out, when Lord Gren ville, 8 st. 10 lb., won fromDamper, 8 st. .C lb., and Supposition, 8 st. This year Viking, 9 st., heads the list. Last year he fell in this race when his party thought the race was a good thing for him. He then: carried 8 st. 10 lb., including 7 lb.! penalty.' Now; he has just weight-for-age. Hear Hear, 8 st. 10 lb., comes next. He put up a real good gallop on the track on Tuesday morning, but he is supposed to have a weak spot if it come3 to fighting out a ding-dong race. Bloodstone, 8 st. 6 lb., we have not seen compass a distance successfully,; but is doing real well on the: tracks. Mr. Crozier's other candidate, Vakeel, with 8 st. 5 lb., should have a chance second to none, taking a line through the October Cup run ning. Nackara is not' at his best just now. Goodwill, the Derby winner, is in with 8 st. 4 lb., and should have a chance if fancied. Lord Salisbury, 7 st. 12 lb., is hardly, competent to beat the Derby winner.: Damper, 7 st. 10 lb., was credited with being a rogue until up country, where the opposi tion was; not keen, he gained three winning brackets. If in the humor to do his best he will trouble the field to beat him. Successor, 7 st. 9 lb,, we have never seen negotiate a dis tance. Thunder King, 7 st. 5 lb.,-on hisGawler running cannot have a chance. Bridomark, 7 st. 3 lb., is likely to run well, but there are rumors-that he has hurt a leg. Of the others Burnside appears to be the best. As Viking, Vakeel,V and Bloodstone are in the one stable we must vote for the selected of this trio to win, with Hear Hear and Damper for places. ■ : Toe steeplechase, two miles, Has ten can didates. -.Last year there * were" only three starters, 'when Trojan won from Confidence and LX.L. Now Confidence, 10 st. 13 lb., is at the head of affairs, and if started the hard going will;probably break him down..' Rain bow, 10 at. 9 lb., is a Westralian,1 but _ has done nothing since he came here. Arctic, 10 st. 1 lb., is a consistent horse,and should have a real good chance. Evanaton, 10 st. 21b., has foiled His supporters on various occasions; Astanius, 9 st.' 10; lb., is reported' to be a pretty good horse, and is in Ferry's stable. Glen Owen, 9-st.. 3 lb., seems to lack pace. Cromwell, 9 st. 2 lb., should be about when the judge's box is reached, and Cyrus should be the best of the other three. We expect to find ARCTIC win from Cromwell and CYRUS. TIib Turretfield Stakes. five furlongs, for two-year-olds, has taken . the place of last year's Selling Race, and judging by the way " it . has filled appears to have given more satisfaction, as there are 12 acceptors, as against six runners in.the Selling Race - last year. Dirk Hammerhaud, 9 st. 11 lb., is at the head of affairs necessarily, Sparta 9 st. 3 lb. next, and Cicero 9 st. Vic tress has been scratched. Parallax, 8' St., has not yet raced, and of those below the majority have only been moderates up to the present. The race should go to CROZIER'S best, with Keswick and. Furore in the places. The Jpst race of the_ day, the Burnside Handicap, has fifteen this year as against thir teen runners last year when Helena won from Limelight and Marryatville. There are two unlikely starters in Muudiva and Blue Blood, and of the others on recent running we like best the chances of BLOODSTONE, Rose Park, and Olytemnestra (if she has a good' rider up). ■ The new Anti-Gambling Act will somewhat astonish many of the country racing clubs, who will find themselves left out in the cold and virtually abolished.; By this; Act the Commissioner of Police will have to suppress many-clubs to whom dates for racing have been awarded by the S.A.J.O., or if these clubs hold their meetings they will have to do so without the use of the totalizator. Again; the law provides that every club must apply for the use of the machine during the present month, and must send in their fees, and prove their bona fides as' to the num ber of their members, &e.; Club3 like the Moonta, Maitland, and Southern : Yorke's Peninsula, who raced ill the month of Novem ber, must be prepared to show a paid-up membership for the whole of next year, or the Commissioner will refuse their applications. More than half the. country clubs who have been accustomed to run the tote at their meet ings will not now be able to use it through being too near each other as to locality and distance. Other complications will also arise in connection with the Act, of" which we have an inkling, ;but leave time and events to un fold. ;; - v:; ' The first note of actual racing for the new year has been struck as usual by Mr. Alfred von Doussa, the active secretary and promoter of the now famous Easter Monday Onka paringa meeting. We all know that the racing year proper starts from August 1, but the Caul field and Melbourne Cup meetings make a break in local' racing, and after Gawler comes a gap, with a final flutter of holiday meetings/ to wind up the old year. The 13. A.J.C. always hold the New Year's opening, meeting, but all the preliminaries concerning it take place in the old year, so that we have come to regard the Onkaparinga programme as the first signal of the really big meetings that will bB held in 189S, That it is a big meeting, and a wonderful meeting for a. single day's programme,. is admitted on " all ; sides,- it being probably, with out going back to figures for reference, the most valuable single day's meeting, so far as stakes are concerned, that iB held in the whole of Australia. The published pro gramme of the next Easter Monday's meeting on April 11 shows that the old committee who have been re-elected at _ the annual meeting held this week do not intend to abate the interest in the gathering, so far as the amount of stakes; is concerned, but continue the five monkeys (£2,500) as an amount that would bo approved by even the toffs of the English turf for a single day's racing. In addition to this the committee are making things easier to owners; in the sums they are charging for acceptance, &a;, for the Cup race, and are laying out a considerable sum of money in making improvements on the course for the coming meeting, and: convenience and comfort for _ their patrons. The totalizator accommodation on the Oakbank Course should prove to be sufficient, as the building is the largest of its kind in the colony, and special provision has been made for the speedy paying out of dividends. The little halo of romance that attached to my discovery of the Indian Princess in connec tion with tks Melbourne Cup meeting has been blighted in the bud. The "beautiful being," as I perceive by a passenger-list of the Austral, left Sydney on November 27 and Adelaide on December 8 for Colombo, in com pany with her husband, Prince Imad Nawaz Jung Bahadur. I can't say that I thought very much of the Prince when I saw him at Flemington, hilt as Ranjitsinhji has since written abont ' the dressing and un dreesing rooms of the ■ Adelaide Oval as being little better than' cattle pens it iS quite likely that Indian Princes will now BS fet a discount. It is evident they have been bted .in palaces, and find it werry _'ard to associate with plain people who dress in store clothes.' With an Indian Princess, however, it is entirely different. She lingers in your memory like a lovely .dream ; she fills your olfactory nerves with sweet and' subtle essences; comes upon your palate like pate-de foxe-gras; and excites the feeling of specula tion (if such a thing be left with you after the settling over Flemington) that makes you wonder where ye are and why such things be. However, she is gone from our gaze, and; I feelsomething like the ghost of Ned Brayton, who appeared at the bedside of a .certain bookmaker in Melbourne, and said "Lord Harry and Lone Hand- will win the double (V.R.C. Grand National Hurdles and Steeplechase), and I will not be there to see it." The double came off and Brayton, did not; see it, as he died the same night that his counter-presentment appeared. I was in Ade laide, but did not know the Prince Imad Jung Bahadur and his consort were on board the Austral. • Like Ned Brayton, I missed the double. While Mr. W. R. Wilson was lying ill in bed at Menzies ; Hotel, during the Melbourne Cup xneeting he heard of the pronounced stand which 2'he Advertiser had taken in favor of Aurum, and he was anxious to see this paper's report of the Derby and the prognostications then made, and afterwards that Aurum would beat Amberite in the Cup and the other events in which they had to meet, and which prognostications were fully verified. After some trouble, (as copies had run out at the news stalls) _ Mr. S. R. Wilson procured the papers for his brother, and the owner of St. Albans got some consolation as an invalid in reading; "Mentor's" . remarks and ■ . de tails of : the racing. Mr. Sam W>'son rather let the cat out , of . the' bag by saying he wanted ■ copies also : to send' home by the mail, and the following paragraph from the Sydney Telegraph may furnish a reason why:—"Just prior to the last V.R.C. Spring meeting a report was current in Mdlbourne to the effect that Mrs. Langtry had made. a very big offer—7,000 guineas—for the purchase of the three-year old colt Aurum, but as_ there were peculiar partnership conditions said to be attached to the offer Mr. W. R., W^son declined to accept. A portion of the report was denied by the colt's owner, but that there may have been more than a coloring Of truth in it will be gathered from the following clipping from London Sportsman of October 23 last' The International Horse Agency; and Exchange, Limited/ is !,empowered vto sell Aurum on terms which- will admit of' his fulfilling his three-year-old engagements, which include all the - important weight-for-age events/ and being shipped to England^ in May next year.' From a reliable source it is gathered that Aurum is pretty certain to be sent to England about May next." [Since the above was written the sale: of - Aurum has been verified by cable.—Si'. Ed ] 