THE GEM FINDERS , OF Arnheim's Land. AN AUSTRALIAN STORV. El- CAPTAIN LACIE. (CoFl'BldBTEO. PART L " We had belter run into tte gulf, nate. I don't like that cloud yonder. If it meana anything at all, it givea signs of a Willy Willy." ACS, LdjJkdiu, luvrv a u BWIIU uickui eureonough. The speakers were Captain Preston and his mate, William Barrows, as they stood on the . deck of the pearl fiBber Luanda and eagerly scanned the south western horizon. The vessel had just passed Ope Londonderry, and her head was at or.ee turned in the direction of Cambridge Gulf, that fine harbor on the west coast of Australia. Preston aud his mate had for several yeai-s been engaged in the somewhat dangerous pursuit of pe&rl-6sliiag;, and they well knew the oninous meaning of the rapidly rolling banks of black clouds flecked in patches with rifts and ribbons of these tropical storms, but it was only ' when the3T were unable to rim into shelter that they faced them. As the Lucinda swept onward in a due east course, the advanced guard of the serial force in their impetuous haste rnshed upon the frail craft and sent it speeding through the churn ing sea. As if in anger at the onslaught, the DV'i'BO ucgau w swen ui wi«ui, tmu snuuv the waves rose and raced after the vessel. It was about noon on the 2 1 st of November, 1 S65, and though the sun was almost vertical the awful pall of clouds which now rolled overhead threw a ghastly aud un natural twilight around Hie Malay crew moved about like shadows, whilst now and again the voices of the cap tain or the mate could be heard giving orders. The rolling clouds were charged with electricity, and in places they fre quently glowed for a few moments like gigantic fire-balls. The Luctnda was partly under the shelter of the headland, when the grave-like BtiUness was suddenly broken by the onset of the terrific storm. The wiud came rushing on faster than an express train, carrying the raging waters witli it, and lifting the surface of the ocean into cuonnous serried ridges of seething water. The deep green of the billows was interspersed with feather fringes of purest white, as ..occasional spots were lashed into foam The little nearl vessel, as if instinct with life and the desire to preserve it, raced ; ahead fugitive-like, and each moment bi'ought the craft within a safer circle. The ; high promontories of Capes Bougainville and Londonderry warded off the worst part of the storm, and consequently it was only a portion of the right wing of the circular storm which struck the Lucinda. It was well for those on board that ft was so. As Captain Preston saw the foam-lashcd waves coming on and listeued to the shrieking wind he felt thrilled, with anxiety as to the result. In a few moments the storm was upon them. Every man threw himself flat on deck and clung to whatever he could. In a second the beat heeled and Preston made sure sbe m as about to c&psts;:«. Like a cork, however, the craft righted, and with a velocity and tumbling which almost took awaj the breath of those ou board rushed ahead as if eager to keep up with the fore front of the wind. There was not an inch of canvas spread, but the fury of the storm made up for this lack. During the interval between Preston aud Barrows' conversa tion the movables on deck bad been secured, yet in some cas the ropes snapped and they were blown away. We would have had little chance out there," the mate remarked to Preston, pointing as he spoke towards a spot auoui two miles to the uorth-west "If we had delayed one minute in run ning in here nothing oould have saved us," the captain answered. This conversation was maintained at the fcnp of their voices, for the noise made by iiic conflicting wind and water was tre mendous. Itwassoon apparent tothctwomen that the worst danger was o\ er. The Luanda was rapidly making for the comparatively cshti water of Cambridge Gulf, and in half an hour that haven was reached. One of the Malays had !>een washed or thrown overtaard when the full force of the hurri- . cs no struck the vessel, and this was the only Juss or injury to life. A few movables of liitlc value had also goue. but, on the whole. Captain Preston had reason to con- gmtulate himself ou the result. Anchor was vast near the mouth of the Victoria "Iver, and it was decided to remain in Hie harbor for a few days. At that time the locality was absolutely uninhabited by white tucu. Trlbesof fierce ami dangerous aboriginals were known to live along the upper reaches of the Victoria cn.l +Lm- nrc&sionallv; made excursions to the co3!>t. Preston and Barrows had visited the harbor several times, but had not gone Inland. On this occasion it was fated that they should make a departure from that course. As they eat during the evening in the cabin, the conversation led to a topic that was then being voiced throughout Australasia. The probability of there being auriferous deposits in the locality bad been mooted in some mysterious way. Two hundred year® before goidw««uaJ . to have Been Bisnsered JbiuAe." jjuccaneer. 'some of tlie oM "Diitcli charts , thui part is marked Proriucia a tirifera. lu all limes gold has had a potent in- iluence on tlic fortunes of individuals aud uatiuns alike. Though we call this the Age of Iron it is essentially the Age of Gold — if tint the "Golden Age." , Gold is the great modern magician, more powerful aud ubiquitous than the genii of old. It can attract men and women from the uttermost ends of the earth and cause tlic wilderness to hiessom like the rose. It rears, Aladdin lil.e, palaces and temples froin the barren earth, .and elevates or degrades humanity at will. It was little wonder then, as Preston and Barrows aat jn the cabin on that 21st November, 1865, 'that their thoughts should revert to such an all-absorbing subject. They were- on -the verge of a practically unknown land, yet of which strange tidings had been whispered. From these sluinber- . tag solitndes a vocal breath bad been carried j into regions where the never- searing energy 1 and enterprise of man prevailed. Morathao i abrrtive attempt had been made to j pierce the gloom whifch enshrouded that mysterious land. The golden apples in the gardens of the Heaperidea, it is fabled, were guarded by sleepless dragons which breathed fire, but these monsters were as nothing to the barriers which kept ward over the mineral treasures of North-West Australia. Vast stretches of sandy desert upon which the tropical sun beat down with torrid fury extended their waterless wastes far along. In places, that most ter rible production .of the Australian in- terior, the Spinifex or porcupine grass cropped ont of the parched plains, and pre sented a rampartof forbiddingand dangerous vegetation, which was the dread of the ex plorer. The Mulga scrub, a kind of acacia bnsh, armed with strong and sharp spines and generally matted together with other scrubs, and frequently quite im- penetrable, presented a formidable obstacle to the prying curiosity oi man. The rivers were mostly huge flood channels, and woe to the luckless explorer who trusted to them for his water supply. . In winter vast lakes were to be seen, but they were as salt as the Dead Sea, and in summer merely beds of hslf-driei mud. From out the level plains precipitous hills rose abruptly, but they were as barren and uninteresting as the . surrounding country. Nature seemed blasted so far as vegetable life was con cerned, except along a mere fringe of the coast where fine forests existed. In conformity with that eternal law of compensation the comparative absence of animal and vmratride life of a naefnl kind myw uhiu Preston and bis companion took of the matter. " Now that we'are in this out-of-the way place, Barrows, we might spend a few days prospecting aronnd," he said. " Yes, our time is our own, and we can not do much pearling for the next week," came the answer. It might here be mentioned that the Lucinda was jointly owned by its captain and mate, so that they could do as they pleased in the matter of going or remain ing. " There mnst surely be some foundation for the rumors that are floating about. You remember wbat that ' old hand ' told ns at Shark Bay, He was pretty plain about gold being in this locality. I wish we had brought him along," Preston said. ".Well, we didn't expect to come so far north this time," answered Barrows. "He said there was gold to be found right from Roebuck Bay to the northern coast," doggedly persisted the captain. We can lose nothing hy liaring a hunt ronnd this place, at any rate. In fact, we might sail a few miles np the river. There is plenty of water just now," replied the mate " Yes, that is a good idea, and a safe one. It is easier and. safer to go through the water than over the land in this region,'' the captain returned. " We will make a stars as daybreak, lie added. This decision having been arrived at, the two men retired, but were out of their bunks again before daylight, and making preparations for a start. The Victoria is one of the largest rivers on the north-west cosst of the continent, and takes its rise in a belt of hills running east and west, called the Dividing Range. It is about 150 miles in length, and navigable for small vessels during a portion of the year for a ccnsiderable distance above its estuary. The Lucinda had little difficulty in ascending about seven miles. The car- rent was sluggish, and the wind favorable. On the muddy banks, basking in the sun, numbers of alligators, both large and small could be seen, whilst others again floated on the water, their backs level with it, like dark logs. At a fehcltered bend where a small creek ran into the river Preston anchored tlic Lucinda. He wanted, amongst other things, a supply of fresh water, and he would be able to obtain it at the place, A little more to the east a bill rose abruptly out of the level plain to a height of fonr or five hundred feet, and the captain decided to at once cliuib tiiis eminence and take a survey of the locality. As blacks might be met with, himself, Barrows, and the two aiaiays alley took witn tiicm were well armed, aud felt quite able to repel any ordinary attack from the aboriginals. The intervening country was not hard to travel over. The region of Mulga aud Spinifex was far inland, and the ccean moisture had assisted to promote a tropical vegetation. Along tfaebanksof the river grew acacias, palms, small bamboos, 'cabbage trees' and similar vegetation, but they did not extend far back. The distance to the bill was soon covered, and the ascent commenced. This was not so easy a job. The sides rose singularly steep and almost devoid of vege tation, save a coarse, tufty grass which gjothed them in places with a brown garb. Amongst these wild flowers of different hues sprang ont, and they relieved the mono tonous appearance. On the summit bring reached a fine view was obtainable. In various directions ranges and isolated peaks could be aeen with intervening plains, some of which were wooded, r- Preston was scanning the surrounding district with his telescope when the mate touched him on the arm. ' " Look !" be exclaimed, " lYhat Is that 1" - dfe- jv- Away down In the valley below, a small object moved. The captain's telescope was immediately turned On the object. " Oh, It is a darkle," Preston said after afew.moments' survey. He watched the elow, moving figure for a couple of minute, and then exclaimed — "There is a large, camp down there, I think. TlTe might take a lunar'." The "lunar" meant apparently that the party should keconnoitl&khe; aborgin&l; camp, for, headed hy the emnft, theymoredavray doro be ridetMjha4fikwMch .Alow. fierffl-hTOmedcffiWBerapt .jnTHy' /-ft culiy Preston -aMIiis 'iQ&nions; tiihed to ..get within a hharb&W; . a miie Ciunp, and obtain Vfnll fitty of it. qhere were upwards of thirty IJSjriguials to be sefen, of whom . more .than half were gins and picaninnies. Most bf them were reclining or sitting agtin&'lhe rpngh tun- shades whtoh had been eree®T "Have a look at ihat fellow standing near the palm on the righV'fcbiton said to Barrows, handing him At the ikhie time the telescope. -v. « JAN hiate of. the Lu<fo$a>ibok a long view at the person indickteoirand th£n, turning to the captain, exrihlibM in a deep voice and with a strange Mjlar on his bronzed face ; "By Ueaefifc, Preston, that's a white man r " ' \- - / Silently Preston took the again from his companion, and lootieS . Earnestly at. the unconscious object tnach attracted the ab&orbod; attention bf the two men. - .He was ata&ding; motionless near a hage Iiaanga, or fMadrooyp" a majgmfie&t; and , useful apecses of palm which grew in the locthty Hi appearance was quite different torn any of the dnifcy group I which were aronnd. He was clad in a rough garment of kangaroo skin, whilst all the others were quite nude, and hi beard was at least a foot long. His too, though bronzed and weather-beaten, was many shades lighter than those of his companions. As the telescope brought him within a few feet of the observers there was no mistaking the fact that he was a white man, and as Preston lowered the glass he said with something of awe in his man ner ; — "Do yon think, Barrows, it can be Leichhardt !" .y . The mate looked puzzled for few - moments, and then answered : — ' Well, it might be, yet I scarcely dare think now It fs seventeen years siuce tidings were heard of Leichhardt or his party, but if it is not tlic leader of that ill-fated expedi tion, it most surely be one of the followers. No other white mau could be in such a posi tion." " That Is why I am certain it is cither Leichhardt or one of his men. They have been traced as far as the Sturt Kaoge, and it would not be very difficult to get this far. Once here, the only tiling to do would be to fraternise with the blacks and live with them. We must find out the myatcry some how," Preston replied, " That may not be an easy matter. Do you not see the tribe is on a fighting ex pedition. They are painted with white clay, and must belong to the Ngtirla tribe which is one of the worst in the district. I fear they would show strong fight agaiust so small a party," the mate said. "attach Vtl'r1 pre- bably avoid bloodshed," Captain Preston answered. " The abotgin&ls; all over the continent have a horror of a night attack, especially if it is carried out in a certain manner. They firmly believe that demons or evil spirits haunt the darkness. These malign spirits slay men and women in the most atrocious manner possible, and as a rule iu tribal wars one hostile body will not attack the other during the middle of the night. Even when two hostile camps are pitched half a mile from each other no sentries are placed. 1 he u hole body will squat round the fires until 10 or II o'clock, and then go to sleep until within an hour of day break, when the attack is usually made. This dread of ghosts is so great that even in the burial customs of the aboriginals it is recognised. Before being placed in the grave, smoke dried, or put on the stages, according to the different customs of various tribes, the arms and legs of the corpse are securely tied with rushes or strings made from sinews of wild animals. The finger nails arc frequently torn off, and the hair singed. Even after all these pre cautions to prevent the spirit of the deceased rising, the tribe does not feel secure. Various incantations are practised and small sticks placed upright in the ground around the camp hre to Keep the ghostly visitants at a respectful distance. Preston and his mate knew something of these superstitious notions, and resolved to take advantage of them. Before going they scanucd the camp. The strange white man was still motion less beside the kianga, whilst most of his sable companions were asleep outside their gunyahs. Though naked, even the men were ornamented. Some of them wore feather plumes on their heads, with pearl shells depending from a girdle round their waists. The females were adorned with small pellets of transparent gum suspended from locks of their rough woolly hair. Hanging on some of the adjacent trees were several nets made from spinifex fibre, whilst around the smouldering fire lay some woodeu scoops and conch shells. It was now 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and after a keen glance at the camp sur roundings Preeton gave tbe order to return. With little difficulty tliis was done, and at 6 tbe party were once more on the Lucinda. Little time was spent there, as it was neces sary to get back to the bill before night fell. Six more men were selected, and with the number augmented to ten both the captain and the mate considered the force amply sufficient for the purpose intended. It was tPi'pn ft'olftolr irhon fli«v ncif onf amiti f/v the peak, and when darkness enshrouded ( the locality the party had gained its! summit. Below, in the valley, a large fire gleamed brightly, for the aboriginals had no Suspicion that an enemy was near. As the gloom deepened the fire blazed np, and the watchers on the summit of the hill could clearly see the shadowy outlines of the aboriginals grouped arouud it. On more than b&h; occasion the form of the white man, easily dittingu ishable by the rug he wore, was observed. Shorfcly lnfter 10 o'clock, after & short con sultation with Barrows, the captain gave the signal to move cautiously down on the unsuspecting aboriginals. The Malays, who are naturally blood-thirsty, were strictly enjoined not to shoot or offer violence unties in self defence. Flic only desire of PtaMon was to, if possib'e, cap ture the i⦤ white man, for he felt j assured a niy£tcry hung over him, and that he was being kept by- the blacks again-t his will. It wak krrauged that Barrows, with half the Mtkiak, should skirt round to the opposite sidh . fit the camp, 'and at a given signal both pi&es; should rush 111 aud se- cure we prisoner, it resistance was offered it might be nfectfifeary to use force, but that would be a latl result. It -must be. confessed that the real object of Preslbti . and Ban ows in then attempted rescue iff the supposed prisoner was not altofethcr an unselfish one. Whilst desirous tit hk&hting; one whom they considered of theit hice from his bondage, it occurred to both a white man who ap parently had spehl; iriany years in the loca Irty' jnDft be |X)Ssfe|| of some valuable in- to" raify ilie fairy; talre ot jealUi, oKsjf tliat they were mere phantoms oi imagioiuin borm;! JLlie super- etitioiiB Unknown. No white man had fevir trod Uiat region lying to the'back of the Victoria river, except, indeed, Leichhardt or C&Wieof; his party .till survived. Strange legehtis had reached the ears of Preston and his mate, and also many of the seamen who cruised ro undthe north west coast of the continent. It . was saiil -that natives had been seen at different times in the Kimberley district possessed -not only of gold, but also arrayed with orna ments formed of magnificent rnUes and other precious stones. Imagination conjured np Golcondas and £1 Dorados as existent within that vast hidden territory, and mauy a day-dream bad been dreamt by the hardy- men who were gradually 'creeping round the treacherous coast, founding the nuclei of settlements, that wealth immeasurable lay within it -This new was shared to the utmost by the master and mate of the Lutinda, 