SEITHER WIDOW EOR WIFE, TTRUSIlEb ItV SPECIAL ABfiAKGEMEXT. Br M. E. 0. MALEN, Author of *' A Daughter of the Philistines,' ' For Her Sake,' 'Only a Heathen.' 'The Stolen Will,' ' Two Countesses,' ' The Shadow Hand,' ' Esther,' 'Grerille'a Wife,e &c;, &c.; [COPVKICOT ] Chapter XIIL — At tiie Font Cross Roads. Mr. Greenlow sprang to his feet, and handed Lois a chair, into which she sank, breathing heavily. 'I walked so fast,' she explained, when she could speak. ' I was afraid of being too Ute to Bee you to-night.' 44 1 do not leave my office until half- past six, and occasionally seven o'clock,' Mr. Greenlow said, and in any case I would have rem lined m «f*- von if von hud made an aDDointment with me, Mrs. Dene.' She murmured something aboat a sudden thought, not having had time to write, &c;, and then, with evident effort, explained the reason of her visit. *' I want,' she said, 'seven hundred pounds at once. Can you manage this for me ? I have brought some jewels with me as security, which are worth, at least, treble that amount, and as you know, I am well able to par the interest. ' Undoubtedly,' he said, much interested, and extremely curious, as lawyers are all wont to be. ' But I am surprised that Mr. Doocoml.e did not mention this matter to me. He lias just been here.' ' I hare not mentioned this to my father. It does not concern him any way,' she answered, colouring a little. ' Indeed, I must ask you to consider my visit to-day as a purely confidential one. Being a married woman I have a perfect right to act for my self. The only person to whom I could be responsible now is my husband, and if he is alive and demands an explanation from me, I shall tell him the truth, of coarse.' She said this with a little air of dignity that became her immensely, and Mr. Greenla*' began to respect as much as lie had Always admired her. ' And 'now, cao you let me have the money V1 she concluded abruptly. ' No ; 1 could not expect that, but as soon as passible.' 'The day after to-morrow would do, I presume !' ' Yes, that would do.' 'Then I will draw up a bond tomorrow for yon to sigi, and I should propose that for the debt, and take back your jewels, which might be missed. Yoa irill pay 6ve per cent for the accommodation until such time as you are ready to liquidate the debt. 'Quite,' she said. 'I know so little about business, naturally I was not aware that I had any security to give yoa besides these jewels. In case of my dcatb before the debt ts paid yoa can claim them.' 'That will be all right,' replied Mr. Greenlow, who meant to take very good care to secure himself against possible losi. ?* Directly the proofs of Mr. Dane's death are forthcoming you hive a quarter of a million of money to do what yoa like with, remember.' ** A quarter of a million,' ehe repeated, thoughtfully, 'that seems a great deal.' 'It is a good deal,' he said, 'ouly that spending money is an accomplishment people easily acquire;*' and he thought of the seven hundred pounds which seemed to him a very fair beginning. ' I suppose they do. Indeed it ie easy to get oneself into a habit of any kind. But I am keepiog you, Mr. Greenlow,' ehe hastened to add. ** Would you renlly rather I did not leave the jewels?' ' I see no need to do so, Mrs. Deue, and I should prefer not to have the responsibility. At what time may I have the pleasure of seeing yon on Friday ?' *' At tbe same time as to- day, if that suits yon,' she answered promptly. ?? Thank you. Allow me to open the door, and conduct you to your carriage.' 41 1 have no carriage here,' she said. ' I ' I Bhould hardly advbc yoa to return on foot with a casket full of valuable jewels with you,' he answered. 'It is twilight now. It will be quite dark before you reach home. Let me send for a cab. ' 'No, thank yoa, I prefer to walk,' she returned, with great decision. 'I am not in the least afraid ; and no one will know about the jewels.' ' Possibly, bat if yoa met any rough fellow en tbe road, he might try to pick your pocket and come upon ihetu in that wav.' ' I should not care very much if he did,' she said. 'I should just let them go, and trouble no more about them.' ' I am afraid you will not be able to do that, Mrs. Dene. The man would u am rally try to sell the jewels, and would be taken up, when they would be traced t- you. Vou would have to appear iu Court under tbose Circumstances, and might tiad U annoy ijg to He saw she looked startled, but neverthe less she stood firm. ' One hardly ever hears of a robb ry in this neighbourhood,' blic reminded him. '.mdl shall rua a good pirt of th : way. Thank you for waraiug me, but I don't really set a.ay thin' to fear.' ' The fact is, young lady, you, want to slip quietly back indoors, without aoyone knowing you have been out at all,' the liwyer thought to himself ? a ad he said no mo*e about a cab. Bur he was a good deal surprised, and began to understand that Lois had a motive for her present conduct, nliiuh was strong enough to overrule all ordinary considerations. She who would have trembled at a shadow in an ordinary way was as bold as a lion this evening. What could have happened, he She began to interest him iinmen=tly, and rouse hia curioeity besides. He had a great many people's secrets in those tiu boxes ranged iu shelves round liia office, but they did. not satisfy him. He wanted that girl's. She had expressed no sorrow at her hatband's f±te. She had ap peared more cxeited and harassed than grief stricken, and living in her father's house, having do immediate necessity for money — so fa.r as he could see — -she h-id demanded seven hundred pounds at once 'I really must find oat why,' Mr. Green low said to himself, as he watched the graceful figure hurrying down the street, noticing that people turned to look at her as ehc passed them, although ehe was closely veiled. ' It will serve her right for being so sly.' Meanwhile, happily ignorant of his inten tions, Lois sped on through tbe half-lighted streets, shrinking at tbe acreution ehe excited, and thankful when she, at last, reached a less freijiented part of the town. Bilborough was rather over three miles from Gray don, and the big clock over tbe Town Hall boomed the half hour as she vcent past, She had to be at home by half-past seven for dinner, and would need a few minutes quiet before she encountered the So there was no l-iine to be lost, and as running. But the found pr*senUy that this did not advance her fnuih, as she bad to pause for breath every ininote or two. and she sei tied into a steady, even pace at last. She had a black shawl over her slmuldcrs, also her figure, aud now that it was getting dark she excited no attention, ahe was glad to find. Most of the people she met were tired workmen harrying home to their supper, and now and then a cart came along the road, and once a carriage. But these became scarcer as she left Bilborough behind her. Aud she had even the footpath to herself, after a while. Lois had never been oat alone at this time of night before ia alt her life, and every bhadou startled ber, whilst a Bfcep in the distance tsct all tier pulses quivering. She wished now she had followed Mr Greenlow'a advice and taken a cab, as she could easily have gut out before reaching the village. and when tiie shadow turned out to be the bou^h of a tree waving jn the wind, and the Btep sheered off in another direction, or died away, she was very glad Ehe had stood firm, for Bhe did not waut anyone to know of her vifeit to liilboroagh, except Mr. Greenlow. For half-finite the road wae quite deserted, and Lois'a courage began to revive. Bat within a. mile of Gray don there was a very lonely part of the wood on one side and & rr.oor on the other, ending in four cross roads, with a big white way-post on a strip of green ia the middle. As the grave of suicides, once upon a time this spot had an unsavoury reputation in the neighbourhood, and the stoutest-hearted man in Graydon parish avoided it, if he could. The ghost of the last suicide who had been buried there, a poor betrayed girl, was sup posed to haunt the place, and though Lou bad never believed the&tory; before, it seemed probable enough now, and her heart began to beat very fast. She quickened her pac\ and kept her eyes on the ground, not afraid of seeing B3metbing perhaps, so much as of fancying she saw some thing, which she should not have the courage to investigate, and which therefore would stand with her for a chost as long as she lived, although easily explained in reality. But she had to look np when ahe came to the croEs-roads, for fear she should take the wrong one, and then her heart, which had been beating bo furiously for the last few minutes, seemed to stand still suddenly, and a cold sweat broke oat on her face. For a tall figure was leaning against the waypost, ite ghostly, discoloured face turned her way, and in spite of the awful change, the deathly immovability, she recognised her husband. Not as be bad been in life, but as he might have been after he had been dead several days, and decay had just begun. The eyes had deep black shadows round them, and were snuk in their oroits ; the jaw had dropped a little ; nothing seemed alive about him, although the dim eyes appeared to watch her as she stood, rooted to the ground and breathless from fear, in the middle of the road. So fir the 6gure had not stirred ; pat pre sently it drew its net, clinging cloths aboat it, and advanced a step, with its arms out stretched. She thought she heard him say: 'Come with me, my wife, yon are mine even in death.' And then a great coldness and shuddering fell upon her aud she remem bered no mare. Chapter XIY.— Fouxd Drgtoed. Lois did not know how long she had been insensible when she came to herself and staggered weakly to her feet, with the help of the way-post, beside which she was lying. 1 lie sight of this helped her to recall what had happened, and brought back so forcibly the horror ct the past scene ; it seemed to give her factitious strength, and enable her to move away. She dragged herself along some how - ehe would never kn?w bow — for about a quarter of a mile, to where there was a block of small cottages belonging to a farmhouse, and close to these she sat down to recover herself, taping her facs aud bands in the little Klrea.cn wbicb trickled gaily uuder the bridge where she hat. Tlieo the drank some water out of the hollow of her hands, and in ten able to walk without effort. It bad been a .:ori.f..tt all this uhilefo seethe lights in the cottage winnows, aud hear the merry laugh ing ut the litrle children over tlieir play, and iliu-c &i;»ne of wholesome, nalcni life helped frui'iwoTminS!' Ctrtainl- ^ a mOr-' y situ had £con, and finished by persuading her ^ If for the nonce that she bad been the victim of au illusion, or possibly some combination of light and bhadow, and that had she walked boMly up to the ghost, it would hare vanished in a very un supernatural way. It was ateo a good sign that a cuckoo dock in bide, striking seven, drove everything oat dinner, and all sorts of questions would be aeked which ?he nould find difficult to answer; unless she told a lie, which she re - If the worst came to the worst she nould have to remind her father that she was her own mistress now, and must Uave perfect liberty of action unless she was to seek another home ; bnt she was spared this ordeal. As she stole through the garden she saw no one ; but on the stairs, as she was rushing up to dress, she met Willie, and questioned htm 41 Father put off dinner ontU eight,' he said ; ' didn't you know V Lois shook her head. She felt as if Fate had befriended Uer for once. *' But, I say, you'd better look sharp,' added Willie. *' It's nearly a quarter to, and you have not got any of your toggery on yet.' ' You forget my deep mourning, Willie.' ? ? ' I beg your pardon,' he answered colour ing, and u'eut on, for fear he should put his \- Mr. Duncombc did not return nntU nine, and dinner watted all this while, but Mrs. D unco m be sent Kitty with a glass of wine and a biacait for Lois, for both of which ahe was thankful, as she still felt shaken and giddy. Directly Mr. Doncooibe returned the dinner was served up, and be sat down as be was, without giving any explanation of bis absence. Everyone seemed silent and abstracted, and Lois was glad not to be called upon to talk, not feeling in the mood. Bat she was both surprised and startled when Mr. Dnncombe said, as she was leaving the room after desert : *' Will you come to me in the library in ten minutes' time, Lois ? Yonr mother will accompany yon, I am sore.' This is what Mrs. Duncombe bad intended, bat she wee pleased that her husband should have proposed it, because it showed more con sideration for the girl's feelings than he bad ever shown before. Perhaps Lois divined what was coming, although she said nothing, for she leant heavily on Mrs. Dancombe'a arm. as they went into the library, and her breathing was rather harried. Mr. Dnacombe greeted them gravely, and placed chairs for them both. Tbeo, without any unnecessary preamble, he addressed Lois only. 41 You may perhaps have guessed why Inspector Argles fetched me this evening?' 'I did not know- be had fetched yoa, papa.' '?You were out walkirg, I believe, at the time, bat I fancied you would have heard of the fact on your return/' ' Yes. I did, but those things leak out somehow, as a rule. Anyhow, I am glad yoa did not have the worry of anticipation, Lois. You have bad Quite enough to bear already without that.'1 She bowed her head as if in acquiescence, but she didn't speak, and, after glancing at her, he went on, alowly. 'A body had been found at Horstwell Paint, six miles farther down the coast, and as it answered yoor husband's description, they wanted me to go and identify it, if I Still Lois did not speak, but her face was even whiter than before, and her beautiful mouth was contracted into a straight rigid line. He waited for a few seconds, hoping she would question him, and eo make his task easier, but when he found she did not, he went on, with visible effort : ' I am afraid there is no donbt that it is your hafiband. The face is a good deal changed and disfigured ? ' Lois gave a little cry of horror. She thought of the face ehe had seen at the four cross roads, ' I beg yonr pardon if I distress you too much,' he went on gently enough, ' but I am afraid, yoa ought to hear all this, just to know how you Btasd. I have no moral doubt that it is Clement Dene, and have said eo ; but I cannot Absolutely swear to it, because of the change ? ' The look of intense distress in her eyes made him break off again, and try to mend his sentence a little. 'It would naturally be a little difficult,' he continued ; ' but I firmly believe you to be a widow, Lois, and I think the law will re cognise yon as euch, after a certain time, even if it does not do so at once.' She did epeak then, reluctantly. right to take the tone that I am not still married.' ' It is a very painfnl and difficult position. There wu nothing in the pockets of the dead man to prove bis identity, but he was of the same height as your husband, had brown hair and mou&tache; like him, and \\\ * features, eo far as one could tell, resembled his. He had aleo one tooth missing in the opper jaw, as the other had. And altogether there are so many strong points of resemblance between the two, I have no hesitation in doing every thing but swear it was he. Under ordinary circumBtaaces I should venture to go so far, too careful, and, therefore, I have declined to take an oath. Still I wish you to quite understand that I have eo little doubt I consider it your duty to put on weeds, and give the body such burial as wcraltl befit a man of wealth and position like Clement ?* Very well,' she answered. ' But yon will attend to ill thU for me, papa?' 'Certainly, my dear. The first thin^ is 10 have the body taken to the Place. I ought to aak you if you would wi^-h to see it ?' *'0h, no, no, do !' ebe cried out, wildly, whilst she began to tremble in every limb. ' There can be no need, for you knew him ss well as I did. Besides, I— I have seen him !' They both turned an'i looked at her auxiouslv. Her tnaoDtr was ^o peculiar tiity feared, that all she had yone through had affected her bead. Lnis would fain have recalled her words when ehe saw the effect they had created, but ae it was impossible to ezpain her statement away, it seemed v?j=er to justify it hy telling the eysurt truth con cerning the apparition a.t the way -post She entirely believed it now herself. Thp wet, dinging garments, the dim sunken ryes, the ghastly, discoloured face, all pointed to death by drowning and confirmed her first impression that it was her husband's spirit Ehe had seen ; and, moreover, his appearance at the particular spot was a proof that he had taken his own life, and should be buried in a. suicide's grave She did not expect other people to see the matter in this light, but it was a great comfort to her to be able to believe in Captain Crawford's innocence. The convic tion of bis guilt has beea her worst trouble, after all. Mr. D cm com be looked profoundly incredu lousafl to Lois*'s Btory, beiog convinced, he said, that the dead were Dot allowed to pass, even in spirit, the great gulf tixed between their world and onra. ' Your imagination has been andulv excited of late,' he Baid, ' and yonr nerves weakened. Your mind was, therefore, prepared to receive any weird or uncanny impressions. If you had walked up to the figure boldly, yoa would have found it to be the shadow of the post and nothing more.' ' But a shadow cannot speak.'1 ' No, but when one is in certain state of exal tation and men fa.T excitement, oue can imagine anything. I believe that most of the mircales re^n be accounted for in this way, for, as a rule, those who tell us of them do not mean to deceive. Nervous people are particu larly enbject to these hallucinations, and you have gone through a good deal of late*' he concluded soothingly. ' I am afraid I don't agree with yoa,' she said, with a decision of manner that surprised him, ** And in that case it is better not to discuss the subject any longer.' She rose, and was leaving the room when Mr. Dnncombe stopped her. 'I may understand that I hare 'carte blanche1 to make the arrangements I consider desirable for the funeral, Lois ?' be said. It was wonderful to hear him ask permission and show that be was beginning to recognise Lois's new position, Mrs. Dnncombe thonght. It was also wonderful to see Lo'is'b dignified acceptance of her new responsibilities. She bad been a mere nonentity up to her wedding day, bnt her mother saw that all this was past. She had suffered too much from her weakness, not to make an effort to conquer it. 'I leave it all to yoa,'1 she siid, 'bat I wish I were absolutely sure. Couldn't you let the servants at the Place see .he body before it is taken home ?' *' A very good suggestion,' he replied. 'Ill send Willie ronnd there at once, and tell the butler and housekeeper to meet me at the coast- guard station to-morrow morning at ten o'clock. If they are satisfied of their master's identity there can be no farther question about it.' '* None whatever, surely,' ehe answered in a tired, faint voice, and finding Mr. Dun combe had no more to say to her, she went out. Chatter XV.— Lying is State. Mr. Duncombe waa the first to arrive at the coastguard station the next morning ; but 6ve minutes later the Place dog-cart drove up, and Benson, the bntler, carefully handed Mrs. Gregory down. The coast -guardsman's yonng wife had pitifully covered the poor remains with a sheet She had also laid a little boaquet of Bowers from her garden on the cold breast. And as ahe lifted the sheet gently there were tears in her pretty blue eyes. *' So young he was to die ; and on his wedding-day, too,' she murmured, for she had never doubted that it was Clement Dene ? * Don't yon recognise him, Mrs. Gregory ?' But Mrs. Gregory had turned away. She recovered herself presently, and looked again, and then positively declared that it was her master lying there, whilst the butler corro borated her words. 'The features are swollen, and there is a terrible change sir,' Benson contisned, turnup to Mr. Duncombc, ** but there ffn be no doubt, all the Game. I'd swear to my master anywhere, and I'd also swear to the coat. If you look inside you will Bee - Pear- son, Bond-street,' his tailor's name and address, on the back of the collar.' They looked at once, and found this to be correct, and Mr. Buncombe turned then to Inspector Argles, who was present, and SBfced if any further evidence of Mr. Dene's identity could be required. ' No, sir,™ answered the Inspector promptly. '1 o my tnisd it was pretty clear from the first.' ' I have never bad a minnte's doubt myself,' continued Mr. Duncomb*. 'Bat if Mrs. Gregory, who has known him since he was a boy, is satisfied, I think the question is settled.' 'I think so, too, eir,' replied Inspector Argles, and then the coast-guard's wife cohered the disfigured face again with the sheet, and replaced the bouquet reverently, 'For tbearesteof hia 'life the smell of mig nonette would bring up vividly before Mr. Duncombe's mental eyes that forlorn figure with its ghastly face, and canning derisive expression, and make him shudder, although he prided himself od his nerve. He was glad to get into the outer air, and take into his lungs a great moathful of the the smell of the mignonette, bat a good many unwholesome fancies which had been crowd ing into his mind. It was necessary that he should go ot once into BUborongh to see aboat thefimeral, and Benson suggested that be should drive him there, and let Mrs. Gregory walk home. This seemed bo much the best arrangement, Mr. Duncombe acquiesced in it at once, and by that afternoon a abell had been brought to the coast-guard station, and the body taken to the Place. Mr. Duncombe had a horror of vulgar ostentation, bat he was a man of magnificent ideas, and enjoyed spending money. His limited means gave him very Httie scope for bis genius in this line, but now, with a large for tune — of someone else's — to draw upon, he was quite in his element. The funeral waa to be a very imposing function, and the whole neighbourhood had been invited to follow! A grand luncheon was to be given afterwards, at which the will was to be read, and it may be presumed that Mr. Greenlow was not quite satisfied that his client was dead, for he bad agreed to be present, and also to bring the required document with him. Meanwhile the body lay in its coffin in the big dining roorr at the Place, covered with a pall, and surrounded hy wreaths and crosses of the most exquisite flowers. The little bouquet of roses and mignonette, which the coast-guard's wife had placed on his bre^t out of womanly pity, lay there -still, but in sealed darkness, for the coffin had been closed as soon as it was brought, oT course. It would have looked very poor and mean beside the others, but it is doubtful if any of them had felt more real sorrow for the dead man than she had, except Mrs. Gregory, who had nursed him as a child. To the rest of the servants he was an awful .presence, filling the place with gloom. They double-locked him iuto the library, but still he seemed to haaat the lone, silent corridors, and creep aboat the stairs in the dead of the night, and pervade not only the house and garden, but even the lanes, so that the maids were afraid to go out and meet their sweet hearts—a thing which bad never happened before. Once they heard a Bobbing and wail ing in the little bine boudoir (which Clement had so charmingly furnished for his bride), as they harried tremoling past, and the sound of a shadowy hand making vague-music on the piano followed them faintly up the stairs, but no one dared look in, of course. ' Really, girls, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves,' Mrs. Gregory told them some times. 'It is the living who harm us, not the dead.' Still they noticed that ehe seemed to prefer the servants' hall to her own-sitting room in the evening, unless the bntler were at home npnn them after dark. Lois went once with her mother to the Place, to take a cross, and seemed sad enough, even to satisfy Mrs. Gregory, who watched her ^vith jealous eyes. She looked very young and fair in her widow's weeds, every one agreed, in spite of her extreme pallor. But then Lois features were so regular she did cot seem to need colouring ; and the severe head ?gear suited them specially. She asked Mrs. Dancombe to leave her alone for a minute after ehe had laid down her cross, and she knelt beside the coffin, and prayed very earnestly. '* If you can hear me, Clement,' she whispered, ** forgive me. I would not help yonr murderer, God be my witness, but, believing as I do that you took your own life, and an innocent man will e offer for your sin, I am not wronging you or burdening my con science by helping the other ro prove his innocence. And forgive me,' she added, more fervently still, ' if I made your Ufa a burden too terrible to be borne. It was not my fault that I could not love you. All my heart had gone out of me into other keeping, as I told you, and yet yoa had no pity on ray weakness. But I do not mean to reproach yoa, now. that yon cannot answer me one word*. JTot that I pity you, because yon are lying there so silent, seeing, and perhaps hearing, nothing — the awful thing for some of us is to be alive. I could envy yon, whom everyone is pitying. I should be thankful indeed if I were blind, and deaf, and dumb to all earthly sights and sounds. Every night when I go to sleep I pray that I may never wake again, but the snii shines into my eyes and they open, for God has Dot heard. But He trill he hear me now, perhaps, if I ask Him to have mercy on your soul, and let me take some of your guilt on myself, since I drove you to this thing. One word of love from my lips, and yoa would have been alive now. But I could notUe, and yonr kisses degraded me so horribly. And, oh, the terrible pity of it ail-tbat you ahould not have cared for aomeone who might have cared for yon and made your life happy. She buried her face in her hands, and prayed Baeutly now, for a while; to me from her knees, and took mote farewell of her husband. After this she went oat, without looking back. n The next day at noon Clement Dene waa buried, and so strong an impression had the scene in the coast-guard's cottage made on Mr. Dancombe, that all through the solemn cere mony he could picture the corpse sneering af and deriding them, and making ft horrible grimace when the earth fell on the coffin lid, just above its mocking face. 'A most generous and satisfactory will, everyone said who heard it read. ' No man could have shown greater confidence in his wife than Mr. Dene has Bhown in bis. Everything left to her unconditionally, and she so young.' It was a trying position for her, of course, but no one would have been averse to the same tort of trial, and LoiB would have been surprised certainly if she had known bow many of the men wbo had followed her husband 'a remains to the grave were longing to step into his vacant piece — some for her ?? beaux yenx,' others for the 'beaux yeux desa cassette.' She had given ell the servants at the Place warning, through Mrs. Gregory, not intend ing to live there at present, whatever she might do later. They were all to have a month's board and wages, and a present besides, so that none could complain, although most unwilling to go. Mrs. Gregory, with a niece of hers as companion, remained in charge of the house, and the nnder-gardener was to sleep there. The garden Lois decided fc keep op as usual, and it was not only the Manor House that profited by this decision, bat a great many of her neighbours, especially amongst the poor. Eventually she meant to travel, she told people, but not yet. And they understood that she was required to remain until after Captain Crawford's trial, which was to take place at the Autumn Sessions. She never mentioned this herself, and shrank so visibly when anyone else did, it came to be recognised as a- forbidden subject when she was present ; bnt the interest in the coining trial was very strong, and the police were supposed to have obtained so much new evidence against the prisoner that his convic tion seemed a matter of course. Lois went backwards and forwards to London several times during the ensuing n.onth, without giving any explanation of, or excuse for, her journeys, and no one dreamt of questioning her. Her emancipation from paternal control if tardy was thorough. And her father accepted the situation with re signation. After all, be had gained so much by her marriage in some ways he must expect loss in others. And if she went her own way without consulting him, Bbe was always gentle and considerate, and took Buch a generous share in the expenses of the house hold that he had quite a large balance at hia bankers. Then her carriages and horses were always at his di- poeal ; another great advantage. Also he found himself a person of greater importance in the neighbourhood than formerly, and people from the other ecd of the county began to find themselves within calling distance for the first time. So that although poor Lois was but a shadow of her former self, and there waa a look of inde scribable sadness and shrinking in ber beauti ful eyes, Mr. Dancombe was quite satisfied that he had done well by hia child and by himself. Willie had gone back to school the day after the funeral, and Kitty had no one to confide in, although she bad made a discovery lately that waa worrying and puzzling her a good deal— namely, that Lola's jewels had mysteriously disappeared since a day or two after her marriage, and the faintest reference to them brought a. look of actual terror into her sister's eyes. (To be continued.) 