A Woman Above Him. BY L. O. MOULTON. 'What a child's tooth for sweet things you think I have,' she said, laughing. ' But indeed those will be delicious this hot night, and my throat is parched with singing.' He played with an ice himself, but every sense was absorbed in watching her. Who knew what of separation for them might be in that telegram ? But just now, for these few minutes, she was still his friend, his pretty Ruth, as he loved to call her to him self. Surely she had grown young since he knew her first. There was a gentle glow of happiness upon her face, a sweet content in her smile, a tenderness in her voice, which'had not been there that first day when Mrs. Jenkins brought her downstairs. She laughed and talked a little as she ate, but at last she put down her spoon and said she must go and get her beauty sleep, or Mr. Gesler's patrons would think her not worth looking at. 'Not just yet,' Stuyvesant said. 'Here is something which came for you. to-night. I don't know what news the bird of evil omen brings. butI would not give it to you until you had rested and refreshed your self.' She took the telegram and looked at it with a little shudder. What could it be? She had never in her life been so happy as of late. Any change must be for the worse. She opened it and read: 'Your husband, Thomas Nickerson, has been dangerously wounded in a duel, and he implores you to come at once to St. Jacques Hotel, New Orleans. ' ' NELSON BARLOW." She handed the dispatsh to Stuy vesant to read. 'Who is this Nelson Barlow ?' he asked. 'Oh, he is Tom's old friend. The thing is genuine enough. I must start in the earliest morning train. You will be good enough to make arrangements with Gesler, I know. I must rest a little, and be off at day break.' ' And you will go ?' ' Yes.' 'This man has betrayed you, wronged you, deserted you, blighted your life, and yet you will go ?' 'Yes.' ' You ceased to love him long ago, you thought, and you let me dream that you cared for me; and yet,'at his first call you will go ?' 'Yes. In Heaven's name, have mercy on me, Ralph Stuyvesant. Shall I make the wandering of my own heart an excuse for not doing my duty to'him ? He is the lover of my girlhood,.the husband of my youth. He shall not call me in vain in his need.' Stuyvesant put out his hand as if to detain her a moment; but she seemed not even to see it. She went from the room with the light of resolution in her eyes, and he knew that the thing that she thought was right that would she do, no matter what lions might beset her path. So he cotented him self with quietly aiding all her pre parations. He himself saw her to the train at dawn, and* parted with her there. Would he ever see her again? Heaven knew. Later in the day he sought Mr. Gesler, and made the necessary arrangements with him. Then he . went home. He met his landlady as he went in, and had an impulse to tell her that he would go away next day to join his sister at Newport. But he said to himself: ' To-morrow will be time enough.' To-morrow came, and still he was not ready to go, and the next day, and the next. He said to himself every day that the city was hot and uncomfortable, and he must get out of it; but every night he returned, like a restless ghost, to his old haunts. At last he quietly admitted to himself that he should not go at all, that, come what would, he would linger there in those rooms of which her presence had made home until he heard from' her again. And so the days and weeks went by, until at last it was September. He lingered later than usual over his dinner. One or two friends dropped in at the club, and he talked with them. 'Anything but the desolation where she had been and was not,' he cried out that night, in a new mood of lone liness and self-pity. At last he went home. He threw himself down in the chair where she had sat that night when he told her of his love. He pressed his head back against the crimson cushion where hers had lain. 'Oh, my little darling,' hIe sighed, if I only knew how you were faring to-night.' Just then he heard a light step over his head just as hers used to pass in the old time. Was it her ghost? He sprang up, he rushed up the stairs like an impatient wind. He knocked at her door. It was no ghost. She looked thin and worn; but there she was, she and no other, with the amber lights in her dear dark eyes,, the flit ting, fitful colour on her cheeks, and the tremulous smile about the lips he had longed but never dared to kiss. 'It is you, indeed you, .your very self,' he cried, in a sort of incoherent ecstasy. 'And he-' 'He is dead, she interrupted him. ' God,.who loves us all, has taken hini, and given him a new world. in which to begin anew to live.' It was not for many days and weeks after that that Stuyvesant said to Ruth Niekerson : 'Now that you are absolutely free, I have something to say to you.' 'Not the old thing,' she cried, startled--' never that. I am no more fit to be your wife than I was before.' But this time there was a masterful look in his face which she had never before seen there. The calm smile of a man's power and resolution was on his lips. He answered her as one who was sure of his ground: 'No, not the old thing. Then I entreated-now I claim. Then I asked humbly-now I demand. I love you, and you love me. You shall not throw away your happiness and mine. I marry you for myself, and not for the outside world. For myself I want you- will have you. Ruth, come.' It seemed to her that a will stronger than her own compelled her. She crossed the few steps between them, and went into his open arms. He had been hungry to kiss her lips. He kissed them now-eyes, mouth, fair brow-they were all his. Two months after that 'society' was startled by the cards of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Stuyvesant, who invited ' everybody that was anybody,' as the gossips said, to an evening party in an elegant new house on Murray Hill. This house had been the object of much curiosity during the past few weeks. Upholsterers had been in and out, florists had stocked its conservatory, picture.hangers had brought home to it great flat boxes; but no one knew to whom these lavish splendors belonged. Now the riddle was solved, Mr. and Mrs. Stuyvesant were to receive their friends there on the evening of De comber 22nd. Of course everybody went, full of eagerness. Young ladies, who would not unwillingly have been Mrs. Stuy vesant themselves, wondered what the bride was like-men, who had known Stuyvesant for a good fellow, hoped he had not thrown himself away, and they all went to see. Up the spacious stairs, between the green rows of flowering plants, feasting the eyes with beauty, and filling the air with fragrance, the crowd trooped; and there at one end of the long draw ing room, stood the bride whom. they had come to behold. I think not one of the patrons of the Varieties would have known the woman who had so often sung to them in this fair and graceful creature lean ing on the arm of her husband. She was sumptuously clad, for Stuyvesant would have it so. What in the world could be too good for her whom his soul delighted to honour? She wore a soft, rich, white silk, with an over dress of costly lace. The dress was open a little at the throat, where a diamond pin held together the lace that adorned it; and in her ears shone brilliants so bright that they filled the hearts of beholding women with envy, and would have given men a new sense of the pains and perils of matri mony, but that men scarcely saw them, so dazzled, were they by the softer radiance of the bride's eyes, the sweet brightness of her. smile.., It was an hour of triumph for Stuyvesant; and for his wife, one of complete hap piness, since she found herself at home among his friends-a bride of whom she saw that he was proud and not ashamed. Mistress Nelly always wondered just where and howher brother Rslph found his wife; but this was a secret he never told her. He used to laugh and say that he had been a very for tunate man-he had married a woman above him. Mrs. Stuyveeant became quite the fashion, and society, which praised her beauty, and copiedher gowns, and danced at her parties, 'heard of this statement of Stuyvesant's and never questioned it. 