A Sporting Letter. (Br " LiNEncosT.") -f For the Chbokicle], Gaului, by Gos<>—Industiy, is' reckoned to haves splendid chonce in the Caolfi^ld end Melbourne Cope. Martin Gallagher, who sustained rather severe injuries by Ma mount, Sovereign, falling in the Pave Welter at Warwick Farm meeting, is slowing recovering, but is still confined to bis bed. Sovereign was aleo badly hurt, and the damage done to his shoulder will probably necessitate hispc manent abtence f-iom the turf. Billy Miller, the welt-known Randwick trainer, who trained Osculntor wlien that horeexan reoond in Wallace's Y.R C. De by, left for Perth last Friday in charge of Fad'adren and Brayleigh, Mr. Reginald Colley, nn old member of the Adelaide Hunt Club, is dead. It is rumoured that the •-tnllion Off Color, who recently came from Melbourne to N.S, WaVi, died last week. It transpires that Oxide has been pur chased by Mr. Chas. M-'Dougall, of Lynd hurst, Queensland, to fill the vacancy in his etnd corned by the death of Realm's sire, Archie. The sumler of deaths amcngst Victorian jumping hoises lately is alatming. Withia the post fortn:ght Pasha and Flood Bird, two well-known 4tleppers," were added to the ghost list. It is nnderstrod that an offer of 5A0gns has been refused for the Queensland h»rso Fakeha 1 he highly-valued one is by Kner (sen of Musket) from Furisba The over tures for purchase were advanced < n behalf of a Sydney epoitsman. Platt-B- tts and Aiiisworth, the respective crick professional and amateur • Fnglhh cyclists, have arrived in Sydney. Mrs Piatt-Betts accompabus her husband on his Australian tour. Ainsworth intends to em brace professionalism here, and wftl take a full hand in the League's forthcoming SummerCarnfral. Platt-Bettswill, however, content himself with endeuvouring to lower existing records, and will not take part in any content. The wonder on tlio wheel is already doing gcod work *»n the tracks, and expresses confidence that he will be able to apokeshave the rimes put up by Lesua, or at ler st nch as he may choose to make an attempt upon. The hour record put up by the Fitnchman will probably be given first notice by the Britisher, The Summer Carnival—iu fact, all future meetings—of the League of N.S.W. Wheel men will be h eld on the Agricultural Ground, as they cannot affrd to pay the exorbitant rental imposed by the Cricket Ground authorities. . The Agricultural Ground track is not •4 batked up," and the pacing machines^ a consequence will scarcely be able to g;t up c "best1' rate of speed there. The insurance scheme instituted^ by the League is meeting with considerable ap proval. Under the plan a rider is arsurd against accident in road racing, training, and track racing, on payment of 5s per year. Smvthe, the well-known Sydney |ockey, hps abandoned his old profession for cycling. He has been taken in hand by Bill Mnrtin, the American crack, whom he beat at Fiji n few months ago. 8mythe 1« reckoned by many experts to pissess all the qualities that are rcceswiry to the mike up of a The firat I'dv'e iac*ng of the V.A.T.C. Spring Mcetiug c mmcuced at Caulfield on 8aturday» in Hie presence of a large number of rpec'atora. *1 lie Caulfh.ld Stakes was von id a canter by Ceil, who started at 10 to 1 itfsiust; Key was second and Ayrshire third. The First Hurdle Race \v<nt to Mnrtoch, Hirundo and Insurance filling the placia. i*he St. Albans1 Crack th-ee year old Auruin made bis first public appearance since Easter in the CWlfie'd Guineas, for which he was a strong favourite at _5 to 2 on. The resnl was never in doubt, the son of Trenton and Anns winning by ten lengths from The Hypnotist Qud Ffret Admiral. The rich Debutant Stakes, of 1000 soys., for two y tar olds, brought twenty-one starters to the post. Cocoa, brother to Coil, for whom Mr. BaUey paid 1200gos At the Bandwick autumn sales, was instilled favourite at 3. to 1 against. Ormuc made the i tinning to the distance, where Cocos slipped up '4>n:the inside and won by fire lengths ^rom Ortmiz and Canada. The Forth representative, Paul Fry, annexed thp Tooiek Handicap, Fjferoy being- second^ and Virtue third. 1 lie meeting will he concluded next Saturday, when th^Ceul field Cup will be decided. Paul Pry, by bit win on Saturday, has Incurred a 141b. penalty in th'p Caulfield Cup. bringing his weight to 9st. . \- Coil was scratched for the Caulfield Cop onSaturday; and now rules first favourite for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 9. The handsome son of Abercorn and Copra will made a b Id bid for the Fiemington big •rent. At the Bosekit! races on Saturday Mr. T, Head was again successful with the Jeweller \- gelding Town Olook, who won the Sprinters' Handiean irom Stupta and Cherry. The other exepte-"'resulted—Granville Stakes: Countess Aberdeen; Becord, Konnirg, jQmcers'FJatfUoe: Ditto, Mario, Ebony Hoeebill Bsndiiap: Gaulns, X-Ray, Cross lake. Nursery Handicap t Essex, G-loriow, Ryde. WelMr Mile; The Grafter, Euglo, Txyon. The Intercolonial scratch mile race at Adelaide was won by Hegson, of Sydney. Martin, the American, fell daring a race. It is stated.that- he overexerted himself, bill he watdhqualified for the remainder of the day, j Percy Cavil!, the Anstraliam amateur1 ewimming champion, has been ordered by 1 his medieal attendant to return to Sydney, and will leave on the 25th instant Ihe final acceptances were declared for Ihe Caulfie'd Cup on Monday, the follow iog noises remaining in :— fetal Pry ... 9 0 St David ... 7 8 ' i^r(^n ... 8 9 Araberite 7 7 2s®!6 Chevalier 8 6 Snnbury ... 7 6 '..83 Ganlus ... 7 6 8 2 The Grafter... 7 4 .. 8 1 The Hypnotist 7 4 ... 8 1 Bnodook ... 7 2 ... 8 0 Hallo ... 7 2 Parthenopsue T12 Birksiate ... 7 2 Btxalghtnre... 7 11 Hot'-Eart ... 7 2 flkent... ^.7 10 WaterCoIor... 7 0 Dreamland ... 7 9 Metford ... 0 11 BonnieHeath'r 7 9 -Roedla ... 6 8 £cy ... ... 7 8 lister ... 0 7 Annida'c School and Walluroo football tennis met at Dumare q on Saturday in the final for the New Knrfand Union badges. A larjio numlier of spectators witnessed the mntch, wliicli was w»»n by the School .by 8 ppiuts to nil. For the winners Slade scored a try, which was converted by Coltrell, who also kicked a penalty goal, Mr. Kearney i rcferced. 