CHATTE E XVII. Glosford was making merry, and the scene upon the green was both picturesque and animated. The carts were drawn up ,¡in long array, against -the wall~öf the churchyard, and a huge bonfire had been stacked and lit upon the turf. The strange party of morriB-dancers, whose costumes and mumming were of a more ambitious nature *than was usual among the Glosford folk, had assembled before the blaze. They . danced and shouted in the crimson glow of the fire, stimulated by the applause, even if occasionally daunted by the criticisms of the ring of spectators. ForemostJn the throng stood. Timothy Jupp, who had come over for the day, with Humphrey Sandys; the latter Wearing his look of -quiet interested amassment. "Have yoü seen my cousin anywhere?" ie asked presently, turning ' from* the dancers .. ' .-. " " Mr. FitzEoy Sandys ? No, sir." "Ah, then he must haye gone home. He told me he only intended to take a short walk, and then to return to the Priory. He would hardly hare been interested in these dancers." ! "No, I suppose not. How is Esther, sir?" i " I "have not seen her since this morning. We have been at Hurst Hall, shooting over the moors there, and we remained to dine." ''It is getting late," Tim suggested, drawing out his watch. " Yes. I must not stay any longer. Good-night, Tim." "Good-night, sir." Humphrey turned away, and was moving through the crowd, when he became con- scious of a slight commotion upon its out- skirts. He reached the hem of the throng in time to perceive that the little dis- order was caused by Jonathan Gibson, who was evidently excited even beyond his usual limits by drink. The old man's hair flowed below his crimson skull cap, and his furrowed face was reddened by the light of the fire. Hé had drawn himself to his full height, ~and«tobd with raised hand and arm, like some denunciatory spirit. The idler boys of Glosford always de- lighted in Jonathan when his mood was of this character. They clustered about him now, endeavouring by taunts and com- ments to rouse the eloquence that gene- rally poured from him in these times of intoxication. But to-night the old weaver's repartees were of the briefest. " Eh, Jonathan, dost - see f dancers ? Whe$r*£ thy text agin 'em? 'Ast noane gotten a text ?" Jonathan flung round bis deep brilliant eyes till they fell upon the speaker. Then he spoke with slow solemnify. -- " Aye, I'm gotten a text, Micah Dawlish. Hast never heerd tell as th' Lord rejoiceth not in ony mon's legs 9" A resonance of delighted laughter greeted tins sally. Jonathan regarded the mockers with the air of an unavenged martyr. Then he 'soddenly dropped hie arm, and began to move away. ."Bide awhile, Jonathan," called ont another speaker. "Bide awhile, an' gi'e us a Bannon. Theer are noane so. mony saints agate now that we eon part wi' one as brimf u' wi't scriptures as thyseTu" ''Saints!" retorted Jonathan, swinging round abruptly. "Th' saints rejoice in their beds, Thomas Crowther." And with this final shaft he again turned his back ripon bis interlocutors, and was bronght by the movements face to face with Hum- phrey. The old weaver's countenance changed. The seriousness became intensity, and the intensity became passion. His entire aspect altered, and his Bunken eyes glowed like coals. He once more reared himself upwright, and began to speak. "How long, O Lord, how long?" he cried, lifting his shaking hand and thrust- ing it high and erect into the firelit air above his head. " Hast Thon not said to me. Come and let ns root them ont that they be no more a people, and that the name may be no more in remembrance ? How long will ye give wrong judgment and accept the persons of the ungodly ? But ye shall die like men ; and fall like one of the princes." Hepaused for a moment and caught his breath, while the men and women who were clustered round him looked at Hum- phrey, uncertain whether Mr. Sandys ex- pected them to laugh or to remain silent. ' Humphrey was regarding the old man with much annoyance. He tapped the ground with his foot impatiently, and then, de- ciding suddenly that his most dignified attitude was indifference and uncon- cern, he assumed his ordinary manner, and turned away. " But the hand of the Lord was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the Lord and set me down in the midst of the valley, which was full of bones," resumed Jonathan, wildly. " I saw it then in the clouds, and knew that it would come to pass. They compassed me about, but in the name of the Lord willi destroy them." *. Whist, thee! " broke in one of the listeners, at last. " Whist thee, Jonathan Gibson." The fire of the alcohol was, how- ever, in Jonathan's veins now. He refused to be silenced, although tears streamed from his burning eyes and down his flushed face.' In the ruddy light of the : bonfire these tears glistened upon his cheeks as if the skin had been overlaid with spun glass. - : He opened his mouth to speak,again, and. his .audience. became instinctively quieter In the pause a sonnd drew near through the darkness beyond the fire- glow ; à noise as of some heavy yet active animal gal- loping. "Theer'8 a pig or sununat got loose," slid somebody, leaning forward to peer into the further gloom. .."Tis yon great dog o'Mr. Sandys," an- swered another, shrinking back as Leo bonnded> huge and panting, from the blackness into the full glare of the light, losing Tais ghostliness, under the radíanos, but revealing s, savage aspect .that -was moré awe-inspiring than bis "previous ehadowness. - He brushed through the little knot of people, his _heavy breathing <»ntíñuaUy dilating bis ribs. Then he galloped across to Humphrey, dropping something on the grass in front of him, and, crouching at his master's feet, threw up his head with a long melancholy baying. Those who were near at hand turned round with a start, and drew closer. The sudden unexpected note seemed to send a physical tremour through the crowd. The hobby-horse paused in his prancings and faced the spot whence the sound pro- ceeded; while several of the spectators left the site of the, bonfire and moved towards Humphrey. Mr. Sandys had etooped,Vnd lifted Leo's token of distress from the ground It was a torn and stained sleeve-ruffle, and his hand trembled as he raised it. His eyes, when he withdrew them from the tattered frill of lace, had the distressed look of one who sees in his imagination a possible catastrophe; and his first words escaped from him involuntarily, as if he were hardly conscious that he spoke aloud. - : "ItisFiteEoy's!" f . Leo whined, and Tim came suddenly for- ward from those who pressed around. A murmur of enquiry began to thrill through the group, and the morris-dancers beyond ceased their performance, and went up to the little throng. , . ..,, " What*s to do ? " asked the hobby-horse, regretting the temporary bulkiness that forbade him an ingress into the thick of the excitement. Nobody knew, so he received no answer. Then, in a minute or two there floated through the people rumours of an accident. The hobby-horse commenced the process of dismantling himself, in the foll light of the bonfire. As he struggled to rid his person of its equine assessories, he saw that the dragon had already cast bis head and tail Meanwhile, a few swift words had passed between Tim and Humphrey. Their hasty speech was rid of all that was- unnecessary. The women near them filled in the gaps with questions, comments, sadr exclama- tions, but the two men were aware that swift action might be necessary td avert a disaster.. Leo's " signal was, tb both of them, foll of significance, and. Humphrey's manner , was a Uttle scared. Presently Tim turned to the cro wd again. : " We think there has been an accident," he said briefly. " Will" any of you help to look for Mr. FitzEoy Sandys ?" Several volunteered, and Tim made a. hasty choice of two or three among them. Lanterns were procured, and then Tim spoke again to* Humphrey, who stooped and held the sleeve-ruffle mechanically to- wards Leo. ' "Seek, Leo, go," he said, rather tremulously. The dog lifted his ears, full of alertness. Then he again gave out his long bell-like note, and set off at a swinging trot, turn- ing his head from time to time- to glance at the men who followed him. The little band of searchers hurried on, and many of the former merry-makers I streamed out of the field after them. Last of ali came the hobby-horse and the dragon ; the one carrying his equine head ander his arm, the other hugging his I green skin, wrapped into a bundle, against his chest. Those who were left in the field kicked out the glowing ashes of the bon- fire, which bad quickly stink into nameless crimson when no longer tended. Half-a I dozen^small moving lights high np in the darkness betrayed the route that was taken by those who followed the blood ' hound. Humphrey continually glanced at these distant yellow specks as he turned towards the -Priory. A presentiment of trouble weighed heavily upon him, and made him start nervously at the occasional noises of the night. He hurried up the avenue, admitted himself into the hall, and. went towards the library. There be rang the bell, but, too impatient to await Lewis in the room, came out again and met the old butler'in the corridor. " We fear there has been an accident, Lewis," he said, pacing restlessly to and fro. " Tell Burton to " get the chaise ready immediately and to be ready to start in case a messenger comes. Ask Janet to prepare Mr. Sandy's room, and-stop a moment-yes, you had better send, down for the doctor. It may ba unnecessary, but I am af raid that there is something very wrong; "Of,course," turning round with - sudden involuntary hope, " Mr. FitzEoy Sandys has not come ioBflf,V * \ . _ / - ? : \ Tie'saw Lewis's face then, and some of its blanched horror grew unconsciously into his own. The butler staggered against the wall and Humphrey put out his hand to save the old man from falling " What is it?" he said' below his breath. "Hush! Be quiet! What is it?" " Sir," began Lewis, but could go no further. He breathed heavily, and the j veins stood ont on his forehead. j " Lewis, Answer me. What is the mean-. \ lng of -thisP Have yon seen- my cousin? What; do yonknow-of him ¡R" -. ^ : v ; Humphrey spoke - rapidly,- hut -without , liaising his. tones: . His. eyes were fixed ¡upon the. old man's. countenance, and . demanded a reply even more imperiously than his voice. The butler began to sob" like a child. "Hush! Be quiet!" said Humphrey again. " Come in here." He took Lewis by the arm and led him into the library, closing-the door behind them. "Now, tell me," he demanded impera tívely. And Lewis told, in half a dozen sentences. "My God!" broke out Humphrey. " What a fool ! What a fool !" It was all of his righteous anger that escaped him. He strode fiercely up and down the room, hearing but not compre- hending the sounds of his servant's re- morseful distress. Presently he stood still and spoke as if struck by a fresh dismay. "Mrs. Sandys? where is she? Is she ill?" ; " She went upstairs, sir." " I must go to her. You need send for no doctor, , but attend to my other orders.. Tell no one of all 'this yourself, but. let ' James go down for Mr. Leicester." > . He was-controlled and calm . again, . and - Janet, who met him at the head of the stairs, preceived about him nothing more uncommon than his increased pallor. - "Where is Mrs. Sandys?" "In bed, sir." He went on without further speech, and entered his wife's bedroom. Even at this crisis of his life he trod softly, lest she should be asleep. In the lowered light of the room her outline was dimly visible below the bed-clothes. \ "Esther," he whispered; but she. did . not answer. He moved to the lamp and turned it a little higher. Then he went to the side of the bed and looked down upon her. She was sleeping lightly and uneasily, her breath coming sometimes in a half sob. As he watched her she seemed to grow conscious of his presence, and, stretching her fingers restlessly, she turned her head upon the pillow and awoke. For a few seconds her. eyes remained fixed .' upon his,- with a look of perplexity and _ trouble. Then she raised herself upon her , elbow,, and spoke. "" Humphrey 1" . , That was all that she said, but his look - .was «utficient answer. AB he bent over ' and "tànéd to soothe her she clasped her arms tightly round his neck, and rested her tired head on his shoulder. For a few moments neither of them spoke. Then she whispered a question : "You know?" " I know all about it. Louis has told me. Try to forgetit." She gave a long sigh, and pressed closer against him. Presently he heard her speak again, with her face still buried on his shoulder. . » " You know-I never believed it-Lewis frightened me-oh, forgive me !" "There is nothing to forgive, my dear-. Try and keep quiet." He tightened his protective hold of her, wishing to calm her nervous trembling. She was too worn ont to question bim further, and rested passively in his em- . brace, wonderfully comforted by his tender- ness and care.- By-and-bye he put his cheek down on her hair, and let it remain there. Perhaps it was well for her that ; she only felt his clasp, and could not see the bitter, sadness of the face above her own. CHAPTER XVIII. Lady Sandys had been from home for a day or two, and when she returned, she wondered why the servants looked so strange. She was tohi-that Mr. Leicester awaited her in the library, and she went to him at once. ^ "Well," said she "pleasantly, entering the room, "is it some business of my nephew's?" Mr. Leicester did not answer. He turned away from her, and made a few steps across the room and back again. - Then he glanced at her in dumb pleading. - A keen questioning look had sprung into her dark- eyes. She seated herself quietly" in an arm-chair, and motioned him to another. Then she folded her hands ' ' upon her knee, and straightened her back. She perceived that ill-news awaited her, " and she remembered immediately that Bhe was a Sandys. " Dö not break it tb me," she said com- posedly. "Tell me at ones." .' . ' f . " It is terrible news, Lady Sandys." . ¡ *' Not too terrible for me to bear, Mr. Leicester." " >' ' She had become' slightly imperious; andi .' he perceived, that she would brook neither ', softening nor delay of his intelligence. He bent himself a little over a table; 'then '. turuod and looked at her. . ~ï "Lady Sandys, your nephew, Mr. Fitz.. '"' Roy, has boen killed." ;? The face opposite him blanched, but the *' I voice which angered was steady. ' ' " ; ' " That is not all, Mr. Leicester." " -"?: ? ? % "No, he haVheen-^murdered." ? ' Lady Sandye mové^ sightly .in her chair, , and w^g héV h^^ fixing. her feon. .undismayed glanée apon the lawyer.'ehe said »gain, . ' That is not yet-all¿- Hr Leicester." "No. Mr. Humphrey Sandys has been arrested on a charge of being concerned in his .death:" Lady Sandys dropped her face for " a moment upon her hands, and silence fell «ver the library. When she lifted her face again it was bloodless, bat her voice re- mained stern and composed. . " Let me hear all," she said briefly. Mr. Leicester told He laid the story before her in all its length of bald trivial facts; and as he reviewed the case, she followed its incidents closely She had herself entertained the two men at lun . cheon only the Saturday before, leaving Hurst Hall before they did. They had set off Homewards about half-past 5. walking swiftly through the park where the clear golden light and the slender shadows fell across tfye turf. Their servant fol- lowed them, laden with the game At the lodge gates FitzEoy had handed this servant his gun, to be taken home, with the birds, by road ; while1 he -and his cousin turned their faces towards thé' fresher moors. Humphrey carried his own gun,, and they set off, unaccompanied by any other person, in the direction of Heath Edge. This was the last timé that Mr FitzEoy Sandys had been seen alive. Lady Sandys sait? nothing when Mr. Leicester tremu- lously i'smarked this point ; but her hand went instinctively to her heart. At half past 6 Humphrey was seen at the " rush berring," alone. When this fact had been elicited the Coroner expresad a, wish to \- call Mr. Sandy's .butler, to - ascertain whether his master had visited Hevis \- ton Priory in the interval. Lewis" ; .had been fetched, and had broken down completely under examination," finally falling into a seat and weeping like a child as he confessed his suspicion of his master, and his efforts to save him The evidence of the surgeon who had made an examina- tion of the body, and of the man who had first followed Leo into the ruined oottage, supplied the final circumstances, and . riveted the last links of the chain. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedlyTblunder ingly, tumbling over his words, and feel- ing, for the.''first time in his life, the im- possibility of practising politeness.: :Such expressions as he was compelled to use did ' not lend themselves readily to courtesy. As he finished speaking he was conscious of a vague impression that, af ter-all; the English language was brutal.' Lady Sandys heard him to the end in >' silence- Her face paled, and her hps un- consciously tightened. Once she put up her hand and straightened the lace of her cap-lkppsi. It seemed a piteous assertion of decoram and dignity in the face of humiliation. - » " You have told me all ?'" "Ye3,1 have told your ladyship all. I would have given five years of my life to have-have averted this blow " The lawyer spoke tremulously, but felt relieved when he had BO expressed himself The earnest speech brought him into à kindlier, relationship with his temporary . office, which hitherto 'he had felt only as . an outrage. Lady Sandys asked him one or two fur- ther questions. She had r.either fainted, nor complained, nor cried out ; but her face had become older. Withal, she had assumed; some semblance of pride, which aspect she faithfully endeavoured to diffuse over her countenance, that neither eye nor "lip might turn traitor to her pedigree. " Does Mrs. Sandys know ?" "Not yet" v " She must be told." . "Yps, Lady Sandys. I thought-" "You-thought I would do it. You were right, I aln.ihe proper person. I will go to her immedfíl^y." 'She rose from her chair, resting her hand upon the back for -a moment* for snpport. But she still thought and spoke clearly " I must arrange to remain with her that will mejtn a little packing. Mr Leicester, have you dined ?" " I have had all I require, thank you." " You must have some wine. And your coachman-I will see that he has some ?. '. - thin|f., I'shall be ready in a few minutes " ' She, lef t the room, and he spent1 the in- tervening time in renewed pacings, and silent irritated denunciations of the cawing jrooks «utsi^ Now and thea he drew out his note-book, and scribbled for a. moment ' in the leaves. When Lady Sandys returned to him Bhe was still considerably.'the more \ composed of-the two. . Then came-the little bustle of departure, . the* hurrying, servants, and the'few last instructions. -Hurst'Hall shared thegloomy exci^nieht.that had enveloped the priory., When atlastthe .carriage drove away. Lady San^s^áfew down her veil, and consigned" berse^andher companion to .-silent 'mus- , " V lugs. They hardly spoke to : each , other, ¿v untiLthe chaiserolled up the priory avenue, ' and was drawn up in the^J^ghtthat fell -:? from the,entrance, r, ...;f-> &}<*'&o--;¿ -, v." . Storm drops\pT^rain ¿fe}l,Íéá.vj^c.-¡r and, " glistened, crowdujgtjjn the j&f;>?§txM' light, r Lewis «t^peji;'jmt¿ ^and .j^tea _ Lady Sandys from the**'câxn&g;è ' "TheJIoiitler's C face wtó ftîsn^^ i^^'*oi^''o^v^VÍ0Í»' 's Had Ker 1 ladyship güneed at him"5.** must haye burst into tears; but.she moved'.swiftly, across the hall* to the drawing-room, leav- ing Mr Leicester to inquire for Mrs. Sandys. - . " "The mistress is upstairs, sir,** Lewis said. * . " Who is with her ?" " Mrs. Jupp came over, sir." " Tell her that Lady Sandys is here." " Yes, sir." Lewis went quickly down the corridor, and Mr. Leicester followed Lady Sandys to the drawing-room. She was removing her wraps, and she laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Then she went to the fire, lit in consequence of the dampness of the evening, and held out her little hands to the blaze ; they trembled slightly, but she betrayed no other sign of agitation "Shall I leave you, Lady Sandys ? " "No, I think not.' It is better you should remain." Mr. Leicester went into one of the far corners of the room, ani began turning over the leaves of a book. _ Then he de- sisted, and stared up at a portrait on the wall. He gave a nervous start when the door of the room opened, and' heard, with relief, that a message had been sent down to Lady Sandys. - Esther was not well and would receive her'visitor upstairs. Lady Sandys left the room, and the attorney fidgettei about, as he awaited her return. 'He was thankful to have been spared thia additional pain. When after about a quarter of an hour, Lady Sandys came back to him, he asked hastily how she had left her grand ''Sbe'has heard it like-like a Sandys." answered the tiny .lady, wiping her eyes for the first time and repressing a sob " It ; :must; have been very painful." he said, feelingly. " Yes, it was," she replied. " Can I do anything further ? If not I must say good evening. I want to visit Mr. Sandys to-night." « " Mr. Leicester, how will they proceed with this charge ?" "V, He observed that she did not prefix the adjective "shameful," as ninety-nine, women out of - a hundred would have termed a similar, accusation.' " He made a few hurried steps across the room;', and then answered her, with a re- newed look of grief. " ' "It must go before judge and jury." " You mean the Assizes?" . "Yes." " Where will Humphrey be taken to ?" "To ^Lancaster " "Thank you, IJÇ-r. . Leicester. Good night." "Good night, Lady.Sandys." H¿ escaped from Jhe . presence of this fragment of steel pr ice. and shook bis head mournfully, as be once more took his seat in the carriage. In the Priory draw- ing-room Lady Sandys sat before the fire, thinking deeply. She would not weep, nor even pray under this blow; it had fallen upon her with crushing surprise, but she bore its anguish in silence; even to her own heart she remained calm ; unhUmiliated and unsubdued. . CHAPTER XIX It was a dismal afternoon. Rain was rustling down upon* the grass, falling in- cessantly from grey clouds. Mists streamed up from the low pastures, and blurred the .sides of the hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up the valley, and to gather in drifts' among the dripping- tree3. On the banks of the river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of .their number directed 'and encouraged half a dozen labourers, who wera dragging the water with wide nets. The low thun- der of the weir sounded above the noise of the voices ; and the water, swelled by the rain,' rushed down the fall, yellow with clay mild,-and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give up: their work, jjifcen a shout from one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, slowly and ' with diffi- culty some heavy burden was dragged up from the depths of the water. Saranna Gibson had been missing since the night of the murder, and at last two men. liad come forward, and related what they had heard, that evening near the weir-pooV Their story was sufficient to cause a search; but tbs river had been dragged all day without success. Now, in the wet fog of the twilight, Saranna's body was found. ..- ' Jonathan wás among those upon the hank./ He went forward with a .. bewil- dered leek, and- the 'curious gazers fell back to let him pass: When the Btili figure was laid -down upon the grass,, he beat-over it in silence One of the searchers, with an involun-. tary exclamation, pulled off his coat, and flung ' it over; the :dead face. Then Jona-" than straightened himself, and passed his hind across hiB^forehead. .r ("Hoo'd best come whoam," be said, in a subdued voice. v ; Somebody' got aj¡ftnk, and the body was láid" 'upon 'it,'^oRoyéred with'a pièce of sacking. Then a slow procession formed, and^nïbved "in^ the direction of the town. The fog thickened/and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out bf the shifting. vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's bair and beard dripped with the damp, as he fol- lowed in the steps of the bearers. His chin rested on his breast, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. When they reached the main street the crowd at their heels increased. Two figures coming in an opposite 'direction stopped short as they met the advancing throng. One of them was Mr. Leicester, and be pointed to the plank and asked if there had been an accident. " 'Tis Saranna Gibson," be wa3 told by half a dozen eager voices, " hoo's bin found i't' weir." Mr. Leicester turned to Jonathan. "I'm sorry to hear this, Gibson," he said, " very sorry " Jonathan lifted his heavy eyes and stared at the lawyer. Mr. Leicester's com- panion, a tall, clean-shaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentness and some in- terest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoke. " Hoo's dead ?" he said, briefly "Yes. I am very sorry." "There's no ca' to be sorry. It war th' best thing, as could coom to her." . "What do you mean ?" "I'se noane; say what I means, now. Is Mesther Sandys boun' to be tried afore a judge and jury, as they're sayin' i' f village." " Yes." responded Mr. Leicester briefly. Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook the beads of wet from his fingers. ^ "I'se be theei|" he said dreamily, "I'se be theer." And then he passed on after the bearers. "That is a strange fellow," Mr. Leices- ter's companion remarked, a3 the two men went on again, after this momentary in- terruption. " Yes. I wonder what he meant by those last speeches. He's half-witted" "Has he any/sonnection with our case?" . " His daughter had." "Aye. Inwhat^Sy?" Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage between Mr. Sandys and his wife which Lewis had in- terpreted as a quarrel. By the time he bad finished speaking they had reached the Priory . The butler admitted them, glancing at the stranger curiously, .and showed them straight into the room where Lady Sandys and Esther were sitting. Betty Jupp was there abo, for Esther had refused to part with her, and the baby lay asleep, tucked up among the cushions of the couch. The old woman would have lifted her charge and withdrawn, but Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She therefore sat down on the other side of the sofa in silence. The room was in firelight, and the flickering -glow distorted 'everything, and lent impishness to all the objects upon which it played. Betty's face was a witch's head grinning above the couch, and the shadows of some chairs were three devils dancing in a corner Perhaps the un- certain gleams made Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so, and, with a queer nervous shiver, she hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leeeister introduced the stranger, before the fight was brought in, and Lady Sandys greeted him with a curtsey, Esther with a few nervous words. 'He was the solicitor who was to draw up the brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he had pencil and notebook ready m his bini Mr. Leicester began to pull off his glovNf and one or twp commonplaces passed as Lewis brought in the lamp. They all watched him mechanically while he ad- justed the wick and drew the curtains The baby moved a little, and made an inarticulate sound Betty glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick shake of the head The old woman saw that her niece desired her presence, and she began softly to hush the child where he lay, "Now," said Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerf ulness, " if you please. Mrs. Sandys, we want all the information in your possession " Esther moved restlessly, and her cheeks flushed. ? " I will tell you what I can," she said. And ? forthwith she related, carefully and slowly all tlie incidents she had witnessed which bora in any way upon the murder. Th'e two solicitors heard her in silence, but the stranger-Mr Berkeley-glanced at her sharply'now and then. When she had finished speaking, he asked a quick question. " Does anyone else know of all this ?" "No-no one." i Lady "Sandys had remained silent, and Esther had been too; much occupied in giving a clear coherent account of events to ask any questions But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, she turned to Mr. Leicester. " I should like to understand, please, she said, pressing her hands tightly on her chest. " It has all been so terrible ànd .sb", confused I have understood nothing ;What- good can all this story do Hum- phrey?"' . . . ' ?"" Mri Leicester looked at her with com ',' passion, touched b^ the strong constraint'1 ehe was putting opon herself. Then he made her sit down again in her chair, and tried to explain the matter to her. " We want ali the witnesses we can get," he said; "you see, the case against your husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that the charge which killed Mr. Fitzroy was sent from Mr. Hum- phrey's gun, and, as you know, the last time the two gentlemen were seen together Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowling-piece, while Mr. FitzEoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Hum- phrey's account of the matter is that he and bis cousin parted company soon after they had passed the Chellow Dene Works. Mr. FitzEoy borrowed the gun, saying that he might come across some game on the moors near Heath Brows, and that it was too fine to go home. Mr. Hum- phrey acquiesced, and turned to- wards the valley, but sat down near the weir, and only roused himsely when the twilight began to fall. He was then tempted to spend half an hour or so at the "rush-berriug," having dined, aud not -fearing that you would be anxious. The murder must have been committed as he sat by the river ; unfortunately it was a lonely place, and, as he met no one, we cannot, establish an alibi. Now, as you know, Lewis's evidence has gone terribly against him, for, as it stands, it supplies motive for the murder. It was evident that the coroner's jury belived that there had "Been a bitter quarrel on account of Mr FitzEoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of the peñciller's shed has been subphoenaed by the prosecution. She has talked about the note, declaring that you said that you had dropped it from your own pocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you sge, and very recognis- able. What we must try to do is to prove that the note was, intended for another person. It will be a great point in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfering on behalf of one of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you understand how important your story is to us ? " Mr Leicester had spoken without con- sulting his papers, and in the clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. Lady Sandys had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in her chair, her eyes fixed on him, her hands tightly clasped. She seemed as if she wished to speak, but, for a moment, could not find any words. Lady Sandys broke into the little' pause. " Saranna Gibson ? Cannot you' sub- poena her?" she asked. ' I heard sont» 6tory of her having, left home." Mr. Leicester shook his head. "She is drowned," he 6aid, in a low voice. " Her body was dragged up from the weir-pool to-night." Lady Sandys exclaimed, and Mr. Berke- ley looked up sharply from his notes.. "We must subpoena the father, Mr. Leicester. You remember what he said to- night?" "Aye." If we can get a witness to swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will be, as you say, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village ?" Lady Sandys shook her head. "I do not believe anybody knew any- thing about it," she said, "though there may have been rumours." "I hope to goodness we shall find some- one who knew," said Mr Berkeley rather shortly " We can't afford to lose a valu- able piece of evidence like this." " Why must it be lost ?" asked Esther below her breath, fixing her earnest eyes upon the stranger's face, " I am speaking the truth. I can tell all about it." " Aye, aye," he answered, more gently than he had yet spoken, " but it is not ad- - missible." " Why ?" You are his wife," Mr Lsicester ex- plained, compassionately, "and the law debars you from becoming a witness." (To be Continued.) 