The Child Marriage Iniquity I in India. . , (From the Quiver.) , ? A missionary of the Church' of England Zenana Society hoard screams issuing from a ho'uso in Krishnager. Sho asked a man standing at the door what was tho matter. It wijts only a littlo ' bow ' latoly; arrived in. tho zenana. Sho asked ? permission to, enter,' and was led into the women's apnrtmonts. In tho dim light she, could just discern a small heap m tho corner, find plaintive moans tola hor that it was something living. Sho drew near and spoke, and a woe-begonofaoo appeared to bo instantly hidden in torror at the sight of a fair-complexioned Englishwoman. By do grees the sound'of a gentle voico Bpeakinghor own langunge, and the Bight of a scrap- book, inspired curiosity and confidence. Tlio heap became ' niorb .and moro animated as ono picturo after anothor was turned over boforo her eyes. 'What made you scream ?' tho. lady asked. 'They beat mo,' tho child replied, and sho drew up her snri, and dis closed wales, which showed that she had had amplo excuse. ' Why did they beat yon?' ' Because I oried for my mother.' And tho faco puokorod afresh with tho recollootion of lost lovo and care. And now that tho new friend, whose tenderness had dried hor tears, must leave hor, what should sho do P Boforo going away the Englishwoman pleaded with her mothor-in- law not to punish tho young wifo again for the same offence. ' It is so natural, that a child should cry, ' for her mothor,' Bho urged. A smile was tho only response. This was tho young bride's honey moon, and it was not an uncommon beginning of woddbd life. Tho authoress, 'A.L.O.E.' — aijinissionary of the same society in tho Punjnb — met with a littlo pupil tho day after her arrival in her husband's zonana. The child crept into her white-haired, teacher's arms, hor tearful faco and hoaving frame mutely appoal ing for sympathy and help. Tho gentle old lady hnlcl hor in a loving embrace ; but stronger arms wero needed to protoot a ypung ' bow' from oppressive custom. It is hard to find a 'bright sido to the picture of zenana : lifo. The woary monotony is soldom broken; Evbri domostio duties aro beneath the dignity of a:yory high-castb wife! She smoke's, she sleepB, ? slio ohows, sho plaits her hair, sho counts her. jewels;- at last-she dies, without hopo or comfort. ' I shall spend all my life in this narrow room,' said ouo wifo bitterly; ' thon I ? shall 'die, and thoy will put mo into a narrow' grave, and-that will bo the end of mo.' Another,. who had begun to realise that thoro was- a fair:world. outside .the four walli ,of her prison, whioh ..sho.obul'd enjoy if only sho wore -allowed,' looked with liquid oyes into tho face of, an .English lady visitor and inquired, ' Why. aro . we so differont from ypu? You are. like that bird,' . sho con tinued, pointing to a dove which flow past tho window abovo her. 'You are liko that bird flying toward Hoavon ; wo are like the samo bird, shut , up, in a ongo, with its wings clipped;' Sovon years ngo a littlo girl of nmo.years'old was soon on tho parapoVof a houso. in Bombay. . A policeman, noticing that sho r soomed inclined to throw- herself down into tho stroot, ontpred.aud found the reason; why hor lifo had booomo too heavy! a burden to ,'boar. . Hor husband, a man of 47, who had boon alroady. marriod fourtoontimes, had bought hor from her- father for foui'toon rupoos a month. Ho had beaton hor, and had' throatonod to kill: her if sho failod to untio a knot, in his hair within . fivo days. Tho oasp was tried, but as thoro was notsuflloiont ovi douoo to provo habitual cruelly was eventually diBmiBBod. . It was roported in tho press, with (an indignantprotest against tho ,'.' p.hildmar riago Iniquity..'? Imagination fills, in tho dark outlines of tliis pioturo -with still darker shad ing, nnd tritoos ni.tho background tho ghosts of fourteon misorablo victims. It is easy to think of tlio young wifo, hor soft littlo fiugors, trombling and clumsy . from ? fright, as she trios, on, pain of death, to fulfil tlio, task hor lord and protector has sot her. Porhaps tho Btoryof Blupboard is ns oasyto qrodit.;w 