-§-(ea4antrie4l Wanefed ?i» ' ' THE FOINT OP VIEW. Mr. Dibbles (atBnlliam): Ah, the old Channel tunnel scheme knocked on tho head at last ! Good job, too ! Mad-headed project — beastly unpatriotic, too !' Mr. Dibbles (en ronto for Paris. Sea choppy) : ' Channel Tunnel not a bad idea. Entire journey to Paris by train. Grand scheme ! English people backward in these kinds of things. Steward !' (Goes below.) wherein he isxuEijL/uu. A certain violinist had received the com mand to play at a European court, and at tho conclusion of the performance, during which tho artist has displayed considerable energy, lie 'was summoned to the king who remarked : ' I have heard Pnganini, Spohr, and Vioux temps, but ? ' ' the violinist here bowed, expecting a great compliment — ' you certainly perspire the most.' HE HAB BEEN THERE, TOO. , Eugene Debs, during one of his speeches in Wisconsin, threw back his head proudly and slapping his chest said : ' I have been in gaol.' The shouts of pride had hardly died away ?when a most villainous-looking man arose in the gallery ftnd, imitating Debs's voice and manner, shouted : ' I have been in gaol, too !' The audience went wild with joy. QOOD DEEDS. Good works on dove-like pinions borne, Returning from the past, , As ministering angels come To bless us at the last. AN EXPENSIVE PRATER. . Apropos of Kingley's refusal to pray for Tain, a good story is told by Professor Max Muller in Cosmopolis. ' In the States we manage these things better,' said an American friend of Kingsley. ' A clergy man in a village on the frontier between two of onr States would pray for rain. The rain came, and it soaked the ground to such an extent that the young lambs in the neighbour ing State caught cold and died. An action was brought against the clergyman for tho mischief ho had done, and he and his parishioners were condemned to pay damages to the sheep farmers. They never prayed for rain again after that.' A COCKNEY JOKE. Two Cockneys passing a-burning house saw a man sitting at the window in the upper story reading a book, apparently oblivious of all danger. They yelled to him to jump, but he paid no heed. At last one of them shouted : ' Jump ! Me and my pal will catch you in our blanket.' ? 'You see,' he said later to a friend, the joke was that we 'adn't no blanket at all, and the bloomin' guy jumped and brok 'is blessed meek.' THE GREAT BEGINNER. 'We find grea't things are made of little things, And little things go lessening till at last Com'eB God behind them. TOO MANY ENTANGLEMENTS. Sprightleigh : ' Hello, old man, what are you moping here for ? Why aren't you danc ing?' Pauxpas : ' To avoid entanglements.' Sprightleigh : ' I didn't know you were so desirable.' Pauxpas: 'Huh! I'm not. Pact is, first -dance I had I caught my foot in my partner's ?dress and ripped a mile or two of trimming . ?off it; next time some awkward fool tripped ?.me, and wo both went down on our hands and ?knees oppesite each other, as though we were ibarking at each other ; and the last, I caught my cuff-button in Miss Pluffy!s hair, and it took me an hour to get loose. Next time I ?dance, it'll be a ghost-dance.' TRIMMINGS, SIXPENCE. The story is that while a lady was shop ping at a large and well known draper's estab lishment, which had a refreshment depart ment attatched to it, she became rather faint, ? and one of the assistants brought her a little Hbrandy. She drank it and recovered. When her account was made out she was surprised to see an extra entry of ' Trimming, 6d. ' What does that mean ?' she added. 'That sixpence is for trimmings, madam,' 'was the answer. But I haven't had any ; the cloak I bought 'was complete in itself,' she expostulated. ?Then the matter was explained for her : ispecial benefit. ' Trimmings' was' merely :an allegorical term for the brandy which was ?administered to bring her round. The attend ant .further added that 'Ladies will have spirits, yet they would be angry to see them entered on their accounts as such ; bo we find ttus method is satisfactory m every way — we «3ways 'do it.' A P.S. TO A PRAYER. ' , A 'little four-year-old knelt to say her prayers the other evening. After invoking a /blessing on all the members of the family, ?;8no wound up by saying: ' And1 bless Mr. Hicksworthy. Amen.' Then she rose up, but immediately knelt '-clown again. ' Ldon'tmean Mr. Hicksworthy that thinks he's so, smart, Lord, but the poor old Mr. ^Hicksworthy that's only got one eye and always gives me sweeties. Amen.' A 'RECIPE FOR STARTLING THEM. Emperor William of Germany recently asked his sailor brother,/ Henry, by what means lie could most astonis'h the world, , 'Remain quiet for a week, and see how , dumbfounded everyone will be,' was the i-eply. . A ^STUPENDOUS SUCCESS. A young, student lately presented 'himself for , examination, and ignominiously failed. To his family, anxious to hear of his suceess, ? -he telegraphed 'thus : — Examinations splendid; professors enthusiastic. They wish for a sec ond in October.' A HEALTHY PLACE. _ Miss Jellus : ' Your bedroom must be a very healthy place, dear.' . Miss Prettiface : ' What makes you think so ?' J _ Miss Jellus : 'Because I have noticed that when you are downstairs sometimes you are ' £r®adfully Pal° ; hut if you go up into your bedroom for a short time you came down with .A beautiful colour.' NO WASTE. I have sent for you,' said the man of tho house, ** because these pipes need looking after. There's a leak somewhere, and a big i- °I ? - g°ing to ^aBto' ' Well, no !' re-.' ? P „ 6 £as company's inspector meditative . iy , maybe there s a leak, but there is not any gas g°ing to waste. You'll find it all in your I 