THE NEW SOUTH WALES I ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The eighteenth annual meeting of the council of the New South Wales Zoological Society was held at Aarons' Exchange Hotel yesterday Dr Rundle presided. The annual report, which, together with the balance-sheet, was, adopted, stated that the receipts from the gates, elephant, on, amounted to £1835 I'la lil, ii, against receipts from the same sources in ISO's of £1(3 2s 3d, showing an increase of £14.2 17s Dus increase is due to the fact that most of the holidays 111 ISOb here two days, whereas in 1909) the holiday were wet or show ery. The total receipts from all sources for the year were £11110 Gs but this included two special grants from Parliament of £1000 each in aid of the society The total expenditure came to £2812 Hs Jil, leaving a credit balance for 1927 of 1227 11s 9d, as against a debit balance of 269 Os lid of the previous year 'The number of visitors registered at the turnstiles was SO,J77, of which 50 832 were adults and 3S,"4i children, as against 7S.818 for ISO?, showing an increase of 774, which is satisfactory The council admitted free 3182 public and private school children, accompanied by 121 teachers, making a total of 3200 free admissions The council also admitted free sailors and marines of the British Navy, men of the Permanent Force, the andera of foreign navies, and aboriginals, to the number of SSfi in all The above numbers do not include the Follows and subscribers and their friend, who passed through the I cows" gate we that in round numbers there must have been at least 05,000 visitors to the gardens It was also stated that with a view of further popularising the gardens tin. council, on Cap! in Fergu- son's suggestion endeavoured to open the gardens on Sundays, the tickets for admission to be purchased during the week in the city or aubin in Hut in consequence of Tutorial tion received from Mr Samuel Cook, of the ¿II/JHCI/ MOI ninth Neill, and afterwards confirmed by Messrs H T Bradley and Son and the Ci on it Law solicitor, it was decided to so definitely postpone the opening on Sunday, as the Gov eminent cased to take any responsibility in the matter The death of the late president, the Hon Sir Henry Parkes, GCMG, vv an recorded with regret Keferoucu vv 1, also mails to the buildings of the secrets and the additions to the lncuugcno A list of the animals at present in the Zoo was attached to the report, which included also a list of members of the society The election of officers resulted as follow s -Patron, his Excellency the Right Honour- able Henry Robert, Viscount Hampden, P O president, the Hon Robert H D White, MLC vice-presidents, Messrs Sydney Burdekin, Charles Moore, F L S , C M Z S , Captain Algernon Ferguson, ADC, r Z 55, and Dr G E Rundle, F li O ii council of managements, Messrs James, Barnet, William Beaumont, William Coles, Captain H C Ghost, John Keep, James, Inglis, W A B (Greaves, Lieutenant-Colonel Waddell, and Mr W Lamb hon treasurer, Mr John Keep secretary, Mr W H Calley R L S F S S , T R. G. S. , F. It East, b lion veterinary surgeon, Mr T D Stewart MRCVS , working superintendent, Mr. Smith Holmes ___________ 