A LINCOLNSHIRE GHOST. From Halfcon Jlolegate, a village near SpiEby, Lincolnshire, comes the latest ghost atory, bringing with it, however, .an air of reality in the form of authoritative details which accounts for the sensation it has caused in the neighborhood. The spot whence the unearthly tappings and the other unfamiliar Bounds denoting.the presence of -an apparition are reported is a farmhouse hear the village, standing back some distance from the high road.> A .reporter from the London Daily Telegraph found the place occupied by. a Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and their servant man. When questioned Mrs. Wilson was at first very reluctant to make any statement, but subse quently, narrated a rather remarkable story. According to this the' Wilsons, came to the place on Lady Day last. The first night or so they heard very strange noises about midnight,' as though a mysterious person was knocking at the doors and walls. Once it seemed as though, someone was' hurriedly moving about all the furniture downstairs. ' Another time the noise was like a heavy picture falling from the wall; but. in the morning the inmates found everything as right as it was the night before. Nevertheless the servant man left the premises, 'saying he dare not stop, and the . Wilsons had to secure the services of another. Early inAugust "something" wasteeeh. . One night Mrs. Wilson .before getting into bed, where her husband \ had already retired, thought she would :■ go down stairs and see'ii.tlie.cow was safe. She satis fied herself that the animal was all right, and was at the foot of the stairs preparing to go up again when she saw an old man standing above at the top and gazing directly at her. "He was standing," said "Mrs. Wilson, "as though he was very .round- shouldered. How I got past I cannot say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and slammed the. door. Even herev however, I felt someone was behind me. I turned round sharply, and' there again stood the same old man ! He quickly vanished, bat I am quite certain I saw him, 1 have also, seen him several times since,' though not quite bo distinctly." After recounting her strange .' experiences, Mrs. Wilson conducted the re porter to the sitting-room, .where .a gruesome discovery had been made. In one corner the floor, it appeared, was very uneven, and here a day or two ago Mrs. Wilson took up the bricks with the intention of relaying them. , No sooner had she done this, however,' than a most disagreeable odor was emitted. 'Her sus picions were aroused. She called her husband, with whose assistance a minute examination of the-place was commenced. With a stick three or four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold ring and several pieces of old black silk. ' All these . had' evidently been buried in quicklime, the bones and silk being obviously burnt therewith. The search was not prosecuted further, but a quantity of Band was introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. Here," accordingly, are all the elements of a last century romance. Pending further developments it is interesting to note that Mrs. Wilson holds the-belief. that at some time or other foul play must have taken plaie in the farmhouse she is living in. Dr.. Gay, to whom the. bones were submitted, stated that they were undoubtedly human, bilt he be lieved they would be nearly lOOyrears old. : v 