1 A NICHT ATTACK.' '111.0 ENEMY GOT INC A SLEEPING CAMP: W[THOITT ADEQUATE OUTPOSTS. FALLS AN EASY PtiEY, The "Dally Telegraph" special corres pondent at the recent Aldershot mani uciris af the British Army, tells ia the following Dicturessiue fashion the story of a successful night attack: As I antiepated, after yesterday morning's hattle, there was a fierce night attack ulton ott' of the camps, and to day there has been a running fight and ilig engagement hetween the two oppos ing columns. The Army 1Mancuvrres are planned to afford officers and men 'sperlience in the tactics and practices of war. I-lence tfie first duty in these naanwcavres is to keep the action merrily gaing night and day if possible. Who Wiins or trito loses is a matter rather of secondars- importance. chmpared with the slune of the instruction imparted by the tasks set either side. One hour it is the invader wlho achieves that qouet Lionable stanldard of excellence called "ssuceess:' the next the tables are turn ed, cnd England, represented in the character of thle Northern forcee led by llajttr-tleneral Burroughs. seizes a glo rious victory. 1lany of the participants fail even to dtserve. let alone command. success, and Geinerln Bnar d. or his subordinate' who were resitonsible, gave away last evening in a fell hottr all their leader had done by days and nights of planning and fighting. Be had pro tected his camp by placing two battn lions on outpost duties, ontd drawing such a screen routnd his tiuas-ters that no European army . could hare -broken througli without alarmting all his troops. His outposts' in Brimsatos Wood pro teeting his no0 th -west Diont were with dratti at'ter dad, yesterday andd one battalion was left' to 'guaid ten a vera in diffent fasltoi n tlhe approaches to tlis camp th. ' i e were tw o manTfest blun dot fo netthei-of whtqhprobabla' the bothltetp Genera] ass rscpoostle: Ftrst. ta- ctpS ol helP: chdmp sos pt; thcd In an In seuehollow, sods next tho'otpnt sets not aidequatel coored bha outlying scouits." 0No wonider* -thee' -that last .efrht, thanltlsyto biold energetic tacics. the' invaders ierl thzemselves invaded otfid'tuted, horse toot and artillery: 'p'hlrs !must be iaenged"' sa i'a. dis -ttngitshed officer of the Rijl Dtiblin Fiisileers nBear otltven oaclock lastnitght when he Tans forced to parade his nien iii his sliifti'tils on findiig tel thein troopis In% his camp, iondialoti, hts uatrtets; When the* majo-prtii ftht e onpostrig forces 'aera prsumed tob a lbed it a'teet slumjl G Bnrgouh -oth ith army suenlyl heiust oitits at roar dloss lintoth'enemyea endampiment. It evet wsa thesea mate, dranismtict bettet led aiudibtter deitoet ed igfihlt attlclk It woas perfect in Its inception 'andi-so-all-nigh faultless ih its execution And so hat moeg coniha told, lin the -sas. of- prais'a yeqpoly mea-ned I wdenit in o ith the deading' asRatin company and batrtalion asi idtt ai,' T'l el-YKehir,';.ind/.thme w nsnmuchn- the -sohole opecations ta recalt'that "Loeoruosi ann'd decisl Fiaction Stl :iif m naysay fo 'e-havejleairned since theeanid th' blon ~s·'as btee dolts elsa] sad sensea. thee' ,ist was sanest'' There ateatwo ttins :inone off hich Britfish troops exe thugh inteohrhe sea Oconistitut onaly defective No tioaps in th ide sorld pdscas to such ado ' ie theistaied calm, halanced mild ti aS].'und strange coniidi itines sellenil titesem: to carry thranghi chat'oilt"itrying of dutties a' nighlt attackAl n-Ii-reget't that 4 it& armytakeiies tweat precauions than our own' againist possible suiltiss, or ret - i talins uch rooted i ndifferencbe to risks 'to he run fromtiihefesfnetyt 'ipfsltmind Aftr sunfire, at nine p m in the Nor there. Camp ;situate at Kteepets Hill, Confortd. last night notrd 1ass passed 'rontd in "ivhi'spiers, or rathet chiefiy by signs, fot three battadloss to " fall in'"promply', Evithout fuss or nioise The mienn in full marching ordet, took their places ini the ranks Tho moon had not mises; asd such ot the sky as could be seen throughstih environment of' gloomy .plnes shsssd - -iihanks at' iflyig 'black ,clouds, thieateliing rainsthat came later in a prolonged ddelie, aitended by thun dee arid lightnin0i' On aittst duty for go. 1: Field .Columin wera-tee Betks Re -giment. h s T isiokhie sld spt~l ts a the iast, 'ecuringitrimtoded Wooil up 'ailost to the -aVsŽ aids 'or tonirgmoor Doo'n, whereon to the sauth of Wool mer Poned v as' It ijo-Ganerl Blarliard, the invader's 'amp. The assaulting column consisted cof the 1st Sooth Staf fordlshire Regiment, the 'nd Litarpool BRetiment, and ttte 'rd Hins's Royal Rifles. No hapiDier selection could have bosn made than that the Staffn ds should' lead. ftr they hlac been loutg and care-' fully tutored in the mode of making night tttacks. Each soldier note round his headdress tse sbito bhand that dis tinguished the Northern Force. Noise les'ly as ghosts thb troops moved in column out of camp. : oar .the Diand strtam. ol'ich is a tributary of the Oak tian=er and 1 Riner Wrey into Bri imstone enclosure. Before them flaar imareb'of three miles- pairt of otichli liss ovrki a atwoodland track and. two-thirds a1%r rough unixtroddenn ground ftull of traps ui the guise of ditches, holes heath and ifain. Halting sithin the 'woodu the" troops closed up into Tpositiorn1 Major' 'General Bengoaiug, in person; siihi his" staff, matching on foot wsith the rissault ing column, takisg the direct comtnindj Luckily, as I have said, the etleniy had aitidrai n their chief ouitposts, ald,! equally fortunate, the Northern leadet' hod in a memnber of his staff an officer avho had carefully scouted anud explored the ground. After a quarter of an hour's smart marching, during which not a word was -utt'rcd, even the commands having been conveyed by signs, the column struck off the road to the left through the itiney stoeds. Not a path helped to mat-It the ioute, and from general to Drivate many a stumble and fall s-as made wsithout ejaculation or cry of any kind. We picked ou-selves out of the pitfalls and made out stay onward comtnuning ilnirerlla- to ourselves. no doubt. Blrimostone Ilticlosure, at one angle, has a narros- belt or tongue of timber that abuts upon Lonimoor DoBan, -ithint 400 yards of the Southern enemy's loed-r camp. Not k post or sentry of the foe nas met sith till the column arrived at the limit of the sood. fy nicans of several brief halts, the whole coluttn n-as kept in compact order. Delayittg, momentarily, when osihin thirty yards of the edge of the wood. the assaulting column then rush ed forsa-rd at the double. Atn outpost at the barrier challenged. almost slitieking, "Halt! Who goes there?" He fired his rifle, and when one or.t-tvo:of the outposts did the aetna they seoae surrounded oni all sides by. Major-Gene ral Bengoughl's Staffordshire Regiment. The umpires silenced these prisoners. and oithout pause the battalion held on scrambled on anybsos' over the fence; toesards. the enemy's camp. TVe 'hd and jumped the big ditch, deployirig partly during the operations. For half an liour cse had se'n the lights 'in tajore General Baneatid's tents as ate stole al most between his camps. Out upon Longmoor Donn the tents nere there in a hollon, i0ft beloov the crest. When oficers and men realised bow near they had got, nought could restrain their ar doe, -With a roar atf cheering, as the thunder of the ocean's surge, which wans heard -back' at Conford; they ran down hill. 'o It as a black--avalanche capped aith snon that eweDt down.. -Nt. a soul, save a few.sentinels, stirred.about the tents,- These challenged and fired; and afeir men came out in a sleepy, daced way, to meet us and -fire their 'riles;a But- the thooting'- -h f bile and trifling, compared ivith the din-and tramp of .the assaulting column, When nithin thirtIy yards- of -the- tents,-Bar n 's sergeants could he heard hoarsely. baivilag for Company A, and .so. on, to "fall in."' It was too late.. The unm pires and oflicers sncceeded in, h'lting the column; for the men's blond wds up, and they would in m ny inst'nees, T fancy. hlase enjoyed a raugh-and tumble with their intagonists. Cease firing!" was sounded, 'nd iis ' Royal Highness the Duke of Conitaautgiht with the headquarters' stafrr who caie unix complimented AIajor--Genr'il Pengoughi on certainly rih' muost birtlllint enterprise oat the cami .igii. It was l.OD p.m. si'n thB alfair eas sver. ' Timen, afttti ially' whistling ind etminid .' time msediii tirig columin.- niarching lby this hiin idaths. retired to their oacni 'camp, which tbii' reached before midnight. 