[?] The Government organs take a Pod- snap view of -the existence of destitu tion, lack of employment, : arid distress among the people of New South Wales. Considering that their Great; Panjan drum, Mi-. Reid, absolutely guaranteed that no sueli things should exist a month after he got a chance to apply, the fret-trade cure-all to. the com munity, and pledged his fiscal faith that everybody should thenceforth be fat and jolly, his press adherents take It very ill that anyone should refer to the persistence of such Inconveniences. Mr. Scliey, M.L.A., has repeatedly liad the exceedingly bad taste to. dilate on the continued and aggravated sufferings of the population, and the reprehensible nature of such references is stronglv censured. Tills attitude of disgust is exactly that of Mr. Fodsnap. If such offensive conditions exist.no self-respect ing person should, or would, allow him self to be conscious of tliem. Tliey are not subjects which the correct mind would harbour or. entertain. They are improper. Tliey are absolutely indo? cent. Tliey are unfit for the cognisance of "the young- person." No free-trader would lower himself by touching upon such immoral topics. If people will starve and otherwise misconduct them selves, it can't be helped. But no per son witli a well regulated mind would bring the blush to the cheek of the free- trade young person by mentioning such scurrilous facts in mixed society. - When the three . tailors of Tooley- street won undying fame and unox-' tlnguishablc laughter by assembling in one majestic trinity and movlng.second- ing— and thlrding probably— and. adopt ing a resolution for the guidance of. the British Government, commencing: "We, tho People of England," it might lip.ve been thought that the climax of pre tentious absurdity had been reached. But tho tendency seems inherent in human nature, for the editor of the Cowllat "Times" still periodically prof fers solemn warnings to tlie Czar of Russia. It is in the same splendid un consciousness of the relative magnitudo of things that a number of ladies at Christchurcli, New Zealand, have re cently taken in hand the war spirit in Europe. These dames, have formally adopted a resolution that there shall be an universal disarmament, and pro bably are under the impression- that they have averted future bloodshed. It is painful to read alongside of this a philosophical remark by J. L. Sullivan in connection with Airs. Champion Fitz- slmmons's demeanour during her spouse's fight with Corbett, that women love fighters. According to the London correspon dent of a Melbourne paper sixty rooms have boon taken at the Hotel Cecil for tho accommodation of the Colonial Premiers. The same authority states: "They will be put up with tho King of Siam and Marshal Yamagata of Japan. Suitable accommodation has also been found for the valet's of tho colonial Prime Alinlsters.and for the maids of tile Ministers' wives — if they have any."Tho foregoing intelligence should bring balm to many a weary heart, as it shows that there are vacancies for a lumber of flunkeys, "and for the maids ;f the Ministers' wives — if they have any." No doubt there will be, many applications for the post of body ser vant to Air. Reid, who might reward one ef his most faithful Parliamentary ban-ackers by giving him tho billet. Tho statement about the "maids of Ali- nisters' wives" is, to say the least, pe culiarly couched. It seems to hint that Ministers' wives may not, when on their native heath, be accustomed to tho ministrations of ladies' maids. At a meeting of the City Council yes terday the Mayor is reported to have said— In reply to the complaint that the streets had riot been properly sanded during the last few weeks, and many horses had fallen in consequence — that "the sanding of the streets led to care less driving." The argument may bo perfectly demonstrable; at the same time it seeins peculiar. On one or two recent occasions horses might be seen — uiu sin lauu oi me streets being as smooth as glass— skating all over tho place, like cats in walnut shells on lee; and there were many falls. According to the Mayor's theory the more slippery the stre.ets the more careful the driving. Under these circumstances how would it do to flood the roadways and then freeze the water by some patent pro cess; or, failing that, to spread an inch or two of grease? Perhaps an even more thorough and certainly more eco nomical plan, would be to extract ail the old banana/ skins from household rubbish, and spread them thickly, both on the roads and sidewalks." Tills would make drivers still more careful, and teach stout, elderly gentlemen to walk with extra dignity. The writer makes these humble suggestions . because, when he sees a Mayor turning his at tention to science ' and invention, ho likes to help that Aiayor ail he can. The "Argus" (Melbourne) has just discovered one of those splendid argu ments against protection for which the "Argus" is so justly notorious. At a lecture delivered at Korumburra (Vic.) by Air. S. Mauglier, and in which he dealt with the foreign-trade fallacies of Herr Alax HIrsch, a Air. Lyght produced three hats,, allegedly bought in Sydney at a cheaper price than, so Mr. Lyght asserted, they could be purchased in Alelbourno. The "Ai-gus," without per haps precisely saying so, feels that those three hats settle the entire fiscal question. The facts that the hats might have been stolen, or part of a bankrupt's .stock, o_g second-hand hats cleaned, or the salvage from a. lire, or that they mightn't really have been bought in Sydney, and that there mightn't have been any hats at all, don't affect the poor old hidebound "Argus." On hats and Jyits alone it pins Its simple faith. Well, as regards advo cacy of foreign- trade, the "Argus" will soon be a "hatter." In the name of that vast army of people who had the misfortune to be alivu and conscious when tho Ticliborno case dragged its slow length, like a wounded worm, through the law courts of England, the writer rises to solemnly protest against any further reopening of that awful matter. For months the multitudes under notice breakfasted, lunched, dined,. supped, and slept upon that horror. Like some' fearsome ghost of tho dead it haunted them by bed and board. No event of modem times— not even that accursed thing, the 15 puzzle —did so much to All our lunatic asy lums and to soften the brain, already sufficiently soft, of society! The total amount received in Victo ria towards the Indian famine fund i9 £5300, nearly. Wlial/sum has been, sub scribed in New South Wales the writer cannot say, but it is incomparably smaller than that given . by the Victo rians, who; as we all know, are impo verished to the verge of starvation by an iniquitous 'protective system. la New South Wales less generous thai) Victoria", or is it possible that, with all Air. Reid's high falutin about pros perity, tho mother province is less able to give? The answer is inconveniently simple. We have our o.xvn semi-starv ing people, the chill winter approaches when their .misery will be accentuated, and— charity begins at home. Let us hope, however, that ho unpleasant re collection of tho poor he leaves behind him will intrude, upon Air. Reid's hap piness when he fits him.self into that -nnw. liifitnrlnnl Windsor .uniform. . " . - ZED. The Central Australian Pastoral and Agricultural Association lias issued tlio schedule of prizes for. the Bourke show, which will be opened on Wednesdnj. May - 26, and continued the - following day. There is the usual large variety of sections for which- exhibits nre invi ted. The entries in the various classes close on Alay 17 and 21. For the trottins handicap nominations close oil May W. 