_LITEEATUllE. Now Kooks and New Ed ¡toing. 'The Seyen Seas," by Rudyard Kipling (Methu en's Colonial Library), begins with "Á Song of the English," which is, perhaps the fullest'statement yet given of tho faith by virtue of which its author is in an especial sense the poet of the Enjpiro. lt tells iii "broken interludes" of the wave-beaten Coastwise Lights which mark the gateway of Eng land's sea-dominion, of the dead by whose deeds that dominion is hers, and of the cities of her sons beyond that sea. Prom her to them, from them to her, along the deep-sea cables lying in "the utter dark, where the blind white sea-snakes are," pass words of mutual greeting. * They hail her Mother and Queen, and she in turu acknowledges them to be the Sons of the Blood. While that blood endures she and they are one in strength, one House, that shall stand together in the day of Armageddon, and its pillars shall not fall. The aim for which they are united is thus expressed: Kecii ye the Law-be swift in all obedience Clear the land of evil, drive the road and bridge the ferd Make ye sure to each- his own That he reap where he hath sown: By the peace among Our peoples let men know we serve the Lord. -a summary, in five lines, of the great work of the British race and empire in the world, a work which, with all errors and imperfections, they perforabas no other can. The First Chantey is an instance of Mr. Kipling's extraordinary faculty of throwing his imagination into prehistoric times; and The Last Chantey plunges yet more boldly into the future. It is perhaps the most splendidly audacious thing that even Mr. Kipling has con ceived, which is saying a good deal. Many of the pieces included in the book are already well known the world over, such as The Native Born and The Lost Legion, as well as the Barrack-room Ballads, which in this volume follow the poems of the Seven Seas. And if the slang and assumed vulgarity of some of these makes dissonance with verso so earnest as the Song of the English, or so full of deep poetic feeling as The Flowers, their very contrast is expressive of the wild and versa tile muse of this extraordinary poet. For in commixture of high and low, of grim and tender, of pure and vile,-of lovely and of ghastly, stands the order of "the things that are" as he sees it, and the truth "as .the singer knew and touched it in the ends pf all the earth." "Rodney Stone," by A. Conan Doyle (Bell's Indian and Colonial Library)) is a tale of the latter years of the last century. The plot is a somewhat slight one, and Rodney Stone himself plays little more than an on-looker's part in it or in the scenes which it serves to connect. The real purpose and interest of the book is the delineation of the manners of the time and the character of the men who lived and moved in it. The "bucks" of whom Brummell was the pattern, with their extraordi nary affectations of dress and of manner, which their courage alone redeemed from the charge of effeminacy; the navai heroes of the time when more than at any other the safety and honor of England stood in their valor alone; and the representatives of the prize ring, which at that day was in higher repute than of later years it either enjoyed or merited. The fictitious persons of the story are few, and move amongst tho» living characters of the date. Dr. Doyle has carefully studied these, and reproduces what is known of their actions and-appearance, with an imaginative power that makes them liv ing men, and not mere dummies in an exhibi tion of last century's costumes. To do this with out modernising, their spirit, and making them people of our own day in masquerade, is difficult; but the difficulty is one which the author's genius is well able to master, as his works testify, from "The White Company" downwards. In the early part of the book the reader expects that Rodney Stone will take part in the victorious scenes of naval history, which are the special glory of these years. Such may even have been the author's intention, till the length and minuteness with which he has dwelt on the. prize-fighting part of his story rendered lt necessary to defer the tale of more heroic warfare to a later book, half promised in the concluding chapter. "Tho Captain of the Polestar" is the title of a collection of tales by the same author, published in Longman's Colonial Library. Möst of them are already familiar, having appeared in various well-known magazines. The tales are well enough in their way, but it ls not easy to do jus tice to Dr. Doyle's work in this kind when fresh from the reading of a book like his "Rodney Stone." Of some the motive is not novel, such as the loss of personal consciousness in John Hux ford's Hiatus, or the transference of souls in the Great Keinplatz Experiment. The tale of Cyprian Overbeck Wells, to which the ghosts of Defoe, Smollett, Scott, and Lytton contribute successive passages, contains an idea which would have borne fuller r treatment; and we are sony when some of' the phantoms present vanish without having a finger, in the literary pie., "Who Did It," by Nat Gould (Geo. Routledge and Sons), is a colonial story, the Bceno being laid partly in Sydney and partly at an up-country station in New South Wales. There is a murder, the detection of which is worked out in a some what peculiar manner; and the villain of the piece, besides his share In this transaction," has to do with a Laud and Investment Company which goes the way of so many others of its kind in the financial crisis of a few years ago. - Bushrangers being "played out," their place ls taken by riot ous union shearers, with whom a battle-royal is fought at Munda Station. . There is the inevitable horse race, won by the son "bf a mysterious phan tom stallion which-no one can catch. These events do not particularly concern the plot, but' may help to give an interest to the story. "A Boyar of the Terrible," by Fred. J., Wishaw (Longman's Colonial Library) purports to be the autobiography of Alexander Strogunoff, a boyar i.e., a nobleman-of Russia, under Ivan the Cruel," the first of that country's rulers to aesume the title of Czar. Mr. Whlshaw, whose Interest In and knowledge of Ruglan life and sceriery-'are well known, draws a remarkable picture of Ivan,- in whom the savage disposition that, earned hiin.^the hame of Terrible was blended with "much that was lovable and truly noble." The, tale is full ot romance and adventure, desperate escapes and combats; the central motive being the rivalry ot Stroganoff and his Imperial master for the hand" of Vera Romanoff. Tho former ls successful, but loses the favor of the Czar, which he gradually re gains by years of faithful services, of which his part in the conquest of Siberia is the last aud great est. Thia book, as well as those mentioned above, Is forwarded for review by Masers. Geo. Robertson and Company, ... We have received from J. Stirling Morton, Sec retary Department ol' Agriculture, Washington (America), the "Year Dook of flie United States Department of Agriculture for 1805." For many years past the American Agricultural Department has issued a year book embodying the principal work of its officers, but in no previous issue has sojBiuch valuable Information for agriculturists be-on brought together. The opening chapter by the secretary to the.president gives a synopsis of the year's operations, then follows a chapter on soil ferments important In agriculture, by W. H. Wiley, the Chief Chemist. E. W. Hilgard's con tribution on the origin, value, and reclamation of alkali lands is interesting reading, particularly to Australians, inasmuch as it ls stated that some of our native salt-bushes are eminently adapted to the climate and soil of California, and are readily eaten' by all- kinds of stock. Seed-testing, oil producing seeds, and some additions to our vege table dietary are ably treated by the botanist and his assistants. Some valuable information is contained in the chapter on the principles of prun ing and care of wounds in woody plants. Grass gardons, by F. Lamson-Scribner, ls ably dealt with, both practically and scientifically. The au thorities in the United States have come to the conclusion that tho native grasses are the best. The forage conditions of the prairie region, by Janed G. Smith, is wolf worth perusal, and to a thinking person gives serious food for reflection. The relation of forests to farms, by E. B. Fevnow, Chief Forester, should be read by every farmer. As. usual, the chapters on entomology contain a lot of valuable original information, which must prove of great value to those who have to con stantly wage war against insect pests. There are a number of other valuable chapters which are well worth perusing by all who "live by the soil." We have received from W. A. Gullick, Govern ment Printer, a copy of the "Farmers and Fruit growers' Guide," which has been issued by di rection of the Secretary for Mines and Agricul ture, and compiled by W. H. Clarke. In the in troduction the compiler says:-"The matter has been gleaned for the most part from articles that have appeared in the 'Agricultural Gazette.' " The opening chapter deals with the question of acquiring Crown land, then follow notes con corning features of land board districts. The climate is dealt with by Mr. Russell; the soil, manures, and manuring, by Mr. Gutherie, who deals exhaustively with his subjects; Mr. J. L. Thompson writes' a chapter on the rotation of crops, and Mr. Bruce on cross-bred sheep. The article on the cultivation of tobacco is by Mr. Sutherland, and hop cultivation is exhaustively dealt with by Mr. John Coleman. Fruit cul ture comes in for a large share of attention, and Mr. Benson treats his subject in a thoroughly practical manner. Viticulture, in all its phases, is from the pen of Mr. Despeissis, whose nattie is a sufficient guarantee that the information is most reliable. Dr. Cobb treats ou fungoid di seases, and Mr. Gale on bees. A large portion of the book is devoted to miscellaneous crops, pulses, etc. All these were figured and fully described in these columns some time ago, under the title of "New Commercial Crops for Now South Wales." The most useless portion of tho book is the calendar for vegetables and flowers, and it is somewhat remarkable that the compiler admitted such matter in a boole inlnnrloc] for farmers and fruitgrowers. With this exception, Mr. Clarke has selected the best material at his command. The letterpress, illustrations, and binding are a credit to tho establishment over which Mr. Gullick presides. 