COMPLETE STORY. I PUBLISHED BY THE • BITER . BIT, RICHARD DOWLING, Author of "Twice Lost," "Lilian Fane." "A B:if3in<r Quest," "The Mystery of Kiilard," "The Hidden Flame," &e.; [copyright.] bid pood bye for ever to the firm by which I had been employed for five yeara. The night before I had made final arrangements with Tesrie for our marriage nextday. Monday morning *he and I were to sail in the steamer Eclipse from the East India dock for Rio de Janeiro, where I had secured an excellent situation. Although Mr. Jacob Straugford, London partner of tbe firm, bad been a close friend of my dead father's, and always spoke of him i terras of great praise and liking. I v,*as in sorry to be done with the Viaduct. Mr. Strangford had not tbe best temper iu the world, and Fred Barrows bad not spoken to me lieyond business since the quarrel between him and me when Tessie Langley. tbe typist in our office, refused his offer of marriage and accepted mine. Tcssie had resigned early in November, and as yet no substitute had bo^n engaged. The new clerk to occupy my plat was coming in next week. On that memorable Saturday the great Burslcm pottery bouse of Strangford and Co. was represents! in town by Jacob Strang ford, partner, Fred Barrows (my senior fellow-clerk), myself (Thomas Harwooa), and Murtiu Grain, the porter, whom I detested for hi* oiiy smile and over-civil ways. Barrows bad arrived at the office before me. As I went to my place a sinislci ex pression passed over his weak, white face, but I was then too full of my happiness to give it more than a passing thought, though afterwards it came back to me with un pleasant persistency, and I counted myself a fool for not taking it as a signal of danger. Barrow* was less than the average height, had a low, retreating forehead, a beardless, retreating chin, a thin Roman nose, dark, furtive eyes too close together, and washed out fleahless lips. 44 Morrow," said he, with a nod. "Good morning," eaid I, taken aback. Not even a greetiug bad passed between us for months. Perhaps in honour of the la«t day he wished to make up the quarrel. Very well. If he huld out h:s band I would not refuse it. "I have just had a letter from governor. He will not be in town to-dai said Borrow*, as I mounted my stool opposite bint. This was a damper. Though I did not love Jacob Strangford, the notion of leaving him without bidding him goodbye made mt feel raw and uncomfortable. I did not then knr.w the lull concents of the governor's letter. I had then no suspicion Barrows was batching a scheme for my destruction. This iiaif-dav felt longer than the ionge. whole one I had eves known. I spent mo of it tidying up. Barrows stuck doggedly to his account hooks. The clatter of Martin Grain arranging samples could l>e heard from the show-room on the other side of a nn;ffi:d gia-s door at Barrow*'* back. At ia*l Si. Andrew's clock struck the third j quarter af:»-r one. Barrows started, th i down bis pen. and drew Mr. Straugfoi j letter from hi- pocket, exclaiming : "By Jove, i was near forgetting ! ' governor says you are to get u one hundred pound note at the bank for this cheque, and then I am to leave the money at his private I house on ray way home. Take a hun*on» I to Lombard street and don't lose a moment < | you will be late." As I drove up Clieapside three things struck me as peculiar. First, down to this hour I had never been intrusted with anv of Strangford aud Co.* banking' business Second, was it credible that Bhitows had all but forgotten cashing the cheque ? Third, what on earth could Mr. Stransrtord want with a ouc hundred pound note at Hampstend oF a Saturday afternoon ? I could find a satisfactory answer to none of these questions. Having: reached Lombard street just in time, I was scrutinised sharply for a couple of seconds by the teller, and then handed one note for a hundred pounds. " Thai man will be able to identify me,'* thought I. with a chuckle. "When I got back to the Viaduct Barrows Was striding up and down the office in great, excitement. " Confound my stupidity 1" he cried. "I have read the governor'a letter again, and l| find he wants the hundred in gold, and now 1 the hank is shut. Would you mind running across to Green and Whellon's aud asking them if thej could give yon gold for thus note? We often oblige them." I darted off. I had never known Barrows to make a mistake of this kind before. The cashier of Green and Whellnn gave me eighty in gold and a twenty pound note. I ran back to Barrows. "Thank you very much," said he in a quick, tremulous voice, as he ran his fingers through ibe little pool of sovereigns. " Now if we could melt the twenty." He paused a moment aud then exclaimed, hammering the desk excitedly with his fist and ranking the coins jingle, "I have it, my dear Harwood." "My dear Harwood !" I repeated mentally in amazement. "You aud I had a row," he went on. " I thought you took her away from me. Later I found she never cared for me at all. I think she even disliked me—hated me, because I'm small and ugly, not :i fine, stalwart, handsome fellow like you. Well, I have found a girl who does not despise me, who says she is in love with me. Don't laugh. Ay, in love with a paper-faced, dwarfish ghost like me " " I did not laugh, and it is unjust of you to say I did." I was shocked at the sudden outburst in a man usually so'self-contained. I pitied him before ; now I felt uneasy about him. Was he going mad ? "There, lot that pass. I am excited ; so excited that*I bungle the smallest things. You have already done two favours for me to day : do a third and let us part friends,", said he, with a nervous smile. "Iff can do what you want I will, and nothing could giv«; me greater satisfaction than that we should part friends." "Good. I want to make my little girl a present. It is her birthday. It I went into a shop now I should make a fool of myself. Will yoi go to Hindley and Gordon's, that fancy shop in Fleet street, aud buy me a lady's handbag and a lady's umbrella ?" 1 stared at him incredulously. ! "Art* vou joking !" * I " Do I look like it r" he naked, testily. " Wei'. no. I'll do it on the condition that | we shake hands at parting." | " Get the bag aud umbrella inside a fiver, and I will be much obliged." He pulled five sovereigns out of his "pocket and flung them on the desk. In a moment ho took them back, saying, "Stop. We can kill two birds with the ooo stone. Take the note to Hiudley and Gordon's and get change in gold. That will make it all right for the governor." I crossed the room to the dcor. As I turned the handle I looked hack. Barrows had folded his arms on the de.^k before him and leant his face on thorn. I saw on the muffled gla.TS of the door behind him" the shadow of Martin Grain. No doubt Grain had heard all we xtid. I felt my face flush with indignation An eavesdropper is ut best an incipient traitor. 1 restrained an impulse to fling the showroom door open and kick the sleek body of Martin Grain, and only that E was leaving Sirangford and Co. for good I should have yielded to the impulse. When I had returned from Hindley and Gordon's I >r,ould show B irrows how friendly I felt towards him by putting liirn on his guard against this contemptible spy. Away I hastened to Fleet street and made inv purchases, getting gold for the balance of the twenty-pound note. On regaining the Viaduct 1 bounded upstairs two steps at u time. I found Barrows standing in the lobby. " I'm in a desperate hurry," he said, taking the bag, the umbrella, and the change. " Sec you again, soon," he added, with the same sinister smile of the morning, ending now with a harsh, sly, bitter laugh. He sprang past me and down the stairs without further word or gesture. He had forgotten the handshake! He had said "See you again soon," not even remembering that we were never more to meet! I set out for Charterhouse square, where Tessie lodged. "Heaven help the irirl who marries Frederick Borrows!" said I to myself, aud -vi:!» a shrug dismi-sed him from « thought*. I found To-sie in her tinv sittinjr-roi busy stitching. Alice Fraser, her bridesmaid of lo-morrow. was with her, ami for a while the three of us kept tip siu-h a darter of toairue.s I never once thought of Burrui his strange behaviour. Presently eutue a lull in the conversation. Tossie looked up at me saying. " And how did you and Mr. Burrows part?" " Oh. I must toll you," I said, and I bega: the story, making nothing of it. As I went on the light, faded out of my dear girl's face, aud when I ended she looked vcrv serious. 44 I d<m't like it at all, Tom." said she: ' | am sure he is a spiteful man. Why did he I run away without shaking hands V" | 41 .Forgot it in his hurry," X answered, oit ; hand. ; She dropped her needle, letting it hang by the thread, and shook her. head. 44 \Vh there anything wrong in your buying thing I for him out of that twentv-poand note?" " No. He is responsible forihe money. He is my boss when Mr. Strangford is not at hand. I was only the messenger, and ho had five pounds of hi* own to pay back the money I spent for him." * 4* What did he mean by saying he hoped to see you again soon ?" "Oh, it's so couiuiou a speech at parting that it slipped out of him unawares." 44 How could the words slip nnt. nuatv... when you aud he were thinking so much of your going a long voyage? Aiid then his mistake about getting the hundred-pound note. Could there he anything wrou your changing that uote "No," ;<iid I, but not quite so firmly as before. 44 He was in charge of the office, and I was bound to do what He told me, unless I was sure what he told me was wrong." "As to his having a sweetheart, I don't believe a word of it," said Alice Fra- cr, disdainfully. 44 "SWiy ?" I asked. *4 Because he's too ugly and to>« horrid." I langhed. but thelauirh was half-hearted. Tessie's words and her grave face began to make me uneasy. Could Barrows have been acting a part und lying right through the piece? If so, with what obje -t ? 441 am boring you two girls and stopping your work," I said. 441 know where Barrows lunches. I'll drop in there and get that shake bunds, anyway." I left Charterhouse square with a mind full of misgivings. As 1 entered the ('heap side restaurant which Barrows frequented I caught a glimpse of Martin Grain at the opposite side of the street Ho was watch ing the door of the restaurant. I did not like this. Tim porter was plainly waiting for Barrows. What could Barrows want ^ him after office hours ? Only throe or four men were in the dining room when I entered it. Barrows sitting in the darkest corner with his back towards me. I went up to him lightly, and put my hands on his shoulders. He glanced round with a violent start. "I have come," I said, trying to appear at ease, 44 for that handshake." He turned ghastly, fumbled with his napkin, looked at the ground right and left, and finding no way out of the difficulty gave me his hand. I had no sooner touched it than he snatched it away :is if mine was hot. I took a chair besidehim. 441 did not think there was time for yoi get to Hump>tead and back since " said he, looking into his plate. 441! to Hampstcad !" A chill passed through my whole body. 44 Vc.i; "to .Seven Oak House, with that hundred-pound note for the governor." I tried to laugh, but no sound came. 44 You see I received a letter from him this morning enclosing a cheque for a hundred, and asking me to send you out with a hundred pound note under cover." tilted his head and fixed his dark mean eyes on me, 44 But " Ho rawed his hand for silence. 441 gtie? the hundred is intended as a wedding and goodbye present for you. For the first titn you go to the bank" and get one note fc. the cheque. I seal up the note, hand it to j*ou, and tell you to take it to Mr. Strang ford,^Beven Oak House, Hampstcad." "Hush! The people will overhear, and if they understand your words you risk ar on the spot." 44 Arrest!" 44 Listen. You are about to leave Strang ford and Co., and to start for some place where it might be difficult to follow you. Not dreaming that the money is for yourself, a wedding present for the son of his old and beloved friend, you close on it, believing you will be at sea before the theft is detected." "You infernal " 44 I advise you not to innke a disturbance. If you attract attention- the police will lav you by the heels before your time. "Well, you break oppn tho cover when you have put n safo distance between you and the office, and you change the hundred-pound note at Green and Whellon's. They give you eighty in gold and a twenty-pound note. This twenty you ohango at Hindlcv and Gordon's in Fleet street, buying a handbag and au umbrella for the lady who is to be yuur wife." 44 But the bag and umbrella " " Are now with your landlady, XTrs. Grover, at your lodgings in Hubert street, Tottenhnm Court road. They were sent open and in your name, so that the landlady may be able to identify them. Ic is quite impossible for you to escape the consequences of your embezzlement." ' Barrows rose knocking some crumbs off his waistcoat with his feeble transparent, hands. 44 While you were buying the bag and umbrella I wrote to Mr. Strangford : ' Dear sir,—I a in sorry I could not go to the bank for the ea«h, as I was very busy with tho books. I sent Harwood. I handed.hint the hundred-pound note sealed up, telling him to be careful of the packet, aud to deliver it into your own hand, as the hundred-pound note Was in if. You will have received the money before this reaches you. I write now merely to let rou know that I did not go to the bank myself.—Yours respectfully, F. Barrows/ "That letter I posted as I camealong here. No doubt the police will be in possession of the facts of your miserable case to-morrow morning, if not to- night. I do not think I have yet offered you my congratulations" on your approaching marriage to Miss Langley. Permit inc to do so. I sat motionless, petrified. u You were very anxious to clasp my hand a couple of hours ago, and now you seem indifferent to the privilege. But really, Mr. Harwood, I have no more than got even with you. I would be only too glad to speud a few months, ay, a few years, in gaol if I could be sure of finding so ehurniiug u lady waiting for me'on inv release. I wish you a pleasant afteruoun." He turned on his heel and strode slowly 1 was bereft. of all iny powers. The audacity of Barrows'.* plot overwhelmed me. i eoukl not believe myself awake and in my right mind. I looked round me, half expect ing to hear a shout of laughter and voices declaring that I had been the victim of a practical joke. I staggered to my feet and rushed into the street with the wild hope of overtaking Barrows and extracting from him au admission that his whole story was an inven tion. I felt alternately frantic with con flicting emotions and paralysed by dread. Up and down deserted Cheapside I glanced for sight or trace of Barrows. I recognised no owe. Grain was no longer visible. Perhaps Burrows hud invented the diabolic story to frighten me. Perhaps that was his way of revenging himself for the wrong he fancied I had done him. One part of his statement I could and would immediately test. Jumping into a hansom. I told the driver to take me with all speed to Hubert street. I alighted at the door of my lodgings and opened it with ray key. The landlady was coming downstairs. " Mrs. Grover," I cried, "have any things come for me!'" " Yes, sir; a lady's umbrella and handbag, f put them iu your room." I staggered against the wall. " There's nothing wrong sir, I hope? You weren't expecting anything else ?" •'No; they arc quite enough!" said I, bitterly. I went back to the hansom and drove to Charterhouse square. It was dark now. Alice Fraser had left. I found Tessie alone stitching still. She laid down her work. I • told her of my interview with Barrows and iny visit to Hubert street, winding up with, "You seethe evidence against me is con elusive. This villain will go into the witness box and swear to his story with the face of an honest. m;m. The teller of the bank and the people who cliaugcd the notes will identify me, and Mrs. Grover will swear to the bag and umbrella. Ob, what am I to do? And think of to-morrow!" "And you were as far as Hubert street, and turned back?" "Turned back from where?" "Turned back on your way to Seven Ouk House." "Eh?" I cried. "If I went there I should come away from it in charge of tho police." " If you don't go there at once and give your version of the affair, you will certainly find yourself in charge of the police." Distraught I walked up and down the little room. Tcssic took up her work and resumed her'stitching as if nothing particular was the matter. Her calmness maddened me. " Tcssie." I cried, pulling up in front of her, "You treat this affair as a trifling matter. Our marriage, our going to South America, my position, my very liberty, ^arc all at stake. In pity's name tell me what I am to do ?" " I have implied already. Go at oneo to Seveu Oak II use. Every minute you lose is making the danger greater. So sure am I of tliiw that I will not open my lips to you again until you come back from Hainpstead." " But I shall bo arrested there !" She made uo reply. She folded up her work arid put it away. Uising from her chair she straightened the window curtains. She pushed up tho g.tsalier. She put the chair on .which I had been sitting with its back to the wall, ignoring my presence. She was pretending I had already set off to Mr. Strangford's. She moved about as though nothing of more conscqtienco occupied her mind than getting the tea. But her hands trembled as she touched the curtains, and as she crossed over the floor she stumbled oyer nothtng. , I went to her. and winding my arms round her Haid, "You are right, dearest. I will go at once." I kissed her, and then set out for Harapstead. When X entered the library "of Seven Oak Bouse, I found Mr. Strangford, u short, purple-faced, plain-looking bachelor of sixty, standing on the hearthrug. He 6cowled at jne. "Nice tune for you, sir, to turn up," pull * ing out his watch. " Twenty minutes to'seven, und I've been expecting you since three. . When I heard ybu 'were here now I was ou • the point of saying J would not see you. You have been philandering sir, instead of attending to business, as if the remainder of your life will not be long enough for the society of the young lady. I wished to see you, sir, not to make any profit out of you, but to tell you I thought very highly of you. to assure you I wished you well, to say good byo and to make you a little present. Now for tyyp pins I'd refuse to say eoodbye." His face grew a deeper purple as he delivered this speech in vehement tones and with an gestures. " It was, I may say, by accident I learned you wished to sec me," I said, not knowing how to begin my .story. "By accident!" he shouted, furiously. " Why, sir, only a few minutes ago I had a letter from Barrows inforiniugmo that he had given you a scaled packet, with instructions to take it to me. I presume lie handed you the packet before the office shut, that is before two o'clock, and it's now twenty to •• lie did not give me any sealed packet c any instructions to come out here." Mr. Strangford's mouth fell open, and he stood glaring ut roc as if he thought me; mad. After a moment his mouth closed, he drew down his brow and muttered in a tone of perplexity, " I can't have misread Barrows's note." He drew it out of bis pocket and mumbled it over. As far as I could catch the words it was in effect what Barrows had repeated. "Why, what do you mean, sir!" Mr. Strangford cried, savagely. "Read that for yourself." He flung the note on the table.^ I took it up and ran my eye over it to gain time. "Well, sir, isn't that plain? There!" dropping his voice he said with a sigh, as though he was tiring of this matter. "And now I want an explanation of why you went philandering for four hours instead of cor here, and I want the packet." "So far from amusing invself since I left the office, I never .spent so anxious a time in all my life." The expression of anger left his face to he succeeded by one of mingled curiosity and pain. "Young Harwood, I knew your dead father well and liked him well. He was as straight a man as breathed." I felt the words were an imputation on myself. "Mr. Strangford, may I ask you to believe that the quality of straightness is hereditary ? May I ask you for fair play ? May I ask you to hold rae innocent uutil I am proved guilty r" "Guilty? Bless my soul, guilty is a big word for such a case! There, don't mind about your being a little lute. I'm glad to see you even now. Young Harwood, I'd ask you to stay for dinuer, only considering what is to come off to-inorrow, 1 know it would be a French compliment. You are in a hurry to be off even now. 3ivc me the packet or letter, and let us be done with it." 4 • "Will you let me tell you what occurred to-day? I pledge you my word of honour for the tru'.h of every word I shall sav." He motioned me to sit down, and dropped into k chair himself. I told my bile, omitting Barrow's supposition as to the purpose for which the hundred-found note was iutended. "While I was speaking Mr. Strangford never once interrupted, never once inovedv When I finished, he sprang to his feet -mid began pacinsr up and down the room in great ex citement. " Yon give me your word of honour for the truth of what you say ?'l 41 Yes." 44 Well, I am bound (o accept your word of houour. I have never yet found cause to question your veracity. But a man may be mistaken. He may have heard imperfectly; he may have put a wrong construction om words or actions, and we all know the saying that one story is good until the other is told. I did not know until now that Barrows had j been an udniirer of Miss Langlcy's. This1 affair must not stop here. I suppose you have no objection to submit your version to a tesir" "I nm willing it should be subjected to ui.v test." •'You have been in my employmentfor five years, aud I never had anything against you. Barrows has been with me twelve years, and I never yet found him out in u lie or a dishonest action. Ho has a sulky temper,: but I suppose"—witb a grim smile at hisi own fiery infirmity—44 others of us have what would not be called ungclio tempers. I can not believe Barruws has turned villain in a; day; although, to be sure, there is a woman! in the case. Jlowever, we hud better nut go • further into the matter at present. My hundred pounds is somewhere it has no busi- j nes* to be, and whoever is detaining it shall1 Fuffer—that I promise yon." I bowed, and Mr. Strangford continued: j 44 Barrows, as you no doubt know, lives n| few hundred yards further out on this mid. I daresay"—with a hard smile—"he sclrcmd the neisrhbouihood thinkimr the air would give him strength for u good berth iu the works at Buisleni," with a chuckle. "I'll send the groom for him. You have no ob jection to meeting' Barrows r" 441 derive nothing more than to meet him face to face in your prrseuec." Mr. Strangford raug the hell and bade the groimi be sent in. "Hoskins," said he when tho man ap peared, 44 go to Mr. Barrows and ask him to be good enough to come to me. You are not to feujr Mr. Harwood is here." Hoskina left the room. There wan not time for him to have reached the gate when we heard cries and shouts, and, piercing shriller through tl)e human voices, a policei whistle. Mr: Strangford and I jumped up. He hastened out of the library up the hall and out into the grounds. I followed at his heels. ' . " • • "Help; help 1" cried the voico of a'man in physical distress.- • • We shouted and ran out through the gate way. Twenty yards further out than Seven Oak House we dimly descried - group in the middle of the road. Ah well as Ave could seo, three men were on the ground, one quite still, two struggling fiercely, and a fourth man was betiding over th? struggling pair. I heard Hoskins, the man on his legs, say, " What is it ?" The voice of one of the combatants answered, in gasps: "I ain a—policeman, and—I call on you—for help to hold this " What is it?" Hoskins repeated as he bent low and seized one of the struggling " Robbery, and perhaps murder!" gasped the policeman. Mr. Strangford and I ran up. "Don't let him go," cried the officer, getting on his feet, while Mr. Strangford and I held the prisoner down. The third pros trate man never stirred. He was insensible —or dead. "I'll give 110 trouble," said the man we were holding. " Let me get up, and I'll go quiet." "Hold him tight. Hold him tight, gentlemen." said the policeman. Then he blew bis whistle again. " I'll have assist ance in less than 110 time. I heard the blow. It sounded as though he smashed in the man's skull, and I crept up under the wall. I heard the jimrle of money. Here are some of my pals. We can see what he's like now. My own lantern's smashed." Three poiieomcu darted into view. •'Show a light here," said the one who had made the capture. A bullseye flashed into the face of the prisoner. Mr. Strangford and I uttered cries of astonishment. "Know the man, gentlemen?" asked policeman number one. 4* l es," answered Mr. Strangforrt. 14 is Martin Grain, my porter in the city." " I don't think he'll do much portering for some time, Mr. Strungford," said the police man, recognising the governor in the light of the luutern. " Now let us have a look at the other man. Show a light here." The injured man was lying prone. The policeman turned him on his back. The light flashed across his face. "Merciful powers.'" cried Mr. Strang ford, starring back. I could not utter a sound. Amazement struck me dumb. "Know this man too, Mr. Straugford? " Yes. This is Mr. Frederick Barrow* clerk of mine." "Iknow him too," said policeman number one. "Ho lives at Ivy Cottage, a couple of hundred yards further out ou this road. Is he dead ? I am afraid it looks like a bad job for him. He's breathing, but not much more." "Take him into my house and let the quickest of you fetch Dr. Harrison," said the When Dr. Harrison had examined the wounded man he looked very grave. There was a bad fracture of the skull, and a^the best a considerable time must elapse before the patient could be up and about again, and a still louger time before ho would bo fit for business. Next morning, as I was about to set off for the church, Mr. Straugford called. Barrows ! had recovered consciousness during the night, j and when he learned that his life was in: danger he confessed all. ; Tortured by gnawing jealousy and thirst-1 ing for vengeance, the absence of Mr. Strang- ; ford from the city on Saturday, and the j possession of Mr. Stangford's cheque, I together with the circumstances connected with the cheque uml my approaching emigra-; tioii, seemed to have put the means for my | ruin in his hands, and he designed a plot i which he believed would ensure my destruc tion. By a series of occurrences which he could not have foreseen, the weapons which he had taken up for annihilation had turned: against his own bosom. It was the case of the biter bit. As soon as Mr. Sfrangford had finished his recital of the unhappy Barrows's history, he said, "When do you propose going aboard, to morrow *r" "At three," I answered. "Very good. I want a few minutes with you on business, so I'll look in at noon. And now," he added, rising, 44 it's time for you to start. It won't do to keep the brido waiting. As I am here, Ilarwood, I should like to see tho ceremony, that is, if you have no objec tion." The sky was dry and clear, weather in strong contrast to that of yesterday. Tho church was only one street off, so Mr, Strang l'ord, Ned Brewster (my best man), and I walked to tho place of my last assignation with Te>si<> Langley. and in less than aithour Tossie Lauglcy had ceasid to exist. Mr. Strungford had shaken hands with us aud tinned his face towards his own home, and Mrs. Tossie Hnnvood and I, sfio with my round gold ring ou her finger, were driving to my lodgings. At noon on the morrow Mr. Strungford came. After some general conversation, lie broached tho matter in his initid. Ho said that carrying on the firm's London business would be next to impossible if he wore de prived of his two clerks and his porter at the ,atufl time. Could not I abandon my in tention of leaving the country aud stand by him in his difficulty? If I did, ho would make my position better than the one I was going' to in Brazil, and pit}' any penalty that might be imposed upon me for breach of engagement. After an hour's canvassing of the offer, 'Bessie and I made up our minds to stay in England, and in-England we have* stayed over since. It appeared that on that memorable Satur day the sight and sound of the gold in the possession of a puny man like Barrows tempted Martin Grain beyond Ins feeble moral strength, already weakened by previous lapses from rectitude. Ho dogged the senior clerk that whole afternoon, and attacked him with a life-preserver at the loneliest part of Barrows's homeward way. Grain was tried and found guilty, and two previous convic tions having been shown against him, he was sentenced to a long period of imprison ment. No proceedings were taken either by Mr. Strangford or myself against Burrows. He returned the hundred pounds to Mr. Strang ford, makiur up out of his own pocket a few pounds that had been lost in the scuffle between him and Grain on the rosd. Beyond making that last Saturday of November the day of my greatest c-xcitement and fears, he had done me no harm. Then he had suffered' so terribly at the hands of Grain that Mr. Strangford and I agreed to let him off with what he had got. He had a long illness and convalescence, and when he whs fit for Ivork again, by a strange turn of fortune I was able to secure for him the very situation in Bio de Janeiro which he was the cause of my not occupying. I got the hundred pounds from Mr. Strangford, and with it 'Bessie and I bought furniture for our modest little home, it is five years since that anxious November day. I have never since regretted staying in the old country. I arn still with Strangford and Co. Mr. Jacob Strangford has determined to retire next year. When he does 1 am to get the management of the London house and a partnership. If I am to judge of other partnerships by my experience of one begun on the last Sunday of November five years ago, my business future is sure to be as satis factory as any man could wish for, and" more satisfactory than anv man could deserve. 