TALES AND SKETCHES. runusiiKD ny srBciAi, ARRANGEMENT. NEITHER WIDOW NOR WIFE, Bv M. E. 0. MALEN, Author of " A Daughter of tho Philistines," "For Her Sake," "Only a Heathen," "Tho Stolen Will," "Two Countesses," "Thc Shadow Hand," " Esther," "iircville's Wife," &c;, kc. [corvniaiiT.] CiMiTEit XXIX,-THE VAI.LKY or TUE .SHADOW. Lois look lier leulurn from Willie very meekly, ami promised faithfully never to transgress again. " Hut you ace," ehe enid, with perfect candour, " I wus obliged to bid him good- bye, and it was impossible far him to come to thc house." " I should think it was," retorted Willie. " Pater would BIIOW him thc way out pretty quickly, if he did. Look herc, Lois, you wouldn't marry him nftcr al) that has happened ? Wc should all disown you if you did." " I daresay I should manage to survive your displeasure," BIIC answered coldly. "It isn't that that would deter inc." "What then ?" i "Two or three things that concern myself alone. I uovcr intend to have another hus- band, but I do intend to have my liberty. And after all if I go out every night, and all night, it is no one s affair but my own." i Willie whistled plaintively. Lois had got thc bit between her teeth, as he confided to Kitty later, and there was no managing her now. "Anyhow," he said, "don't call me up in thc middle of the night ngaiu, und expect me to humbug tho pater, becuuse I won't, that's all." " Then don't," she answered angrily, and walked to thc door with slow state, but reaching it, came running back, and threw her arms round Willie's neck. "Don't he cross to me," she sobbed out. " I am so very miserable. May you never know how terribly hard it is sometimes just to do your duty. Willie was melted in a moment, and like wax in her hands, but she made no bad use of her power. She only wanted a kiss, and a word of kindness from him, and havinc these she asked for aotuice more. Hut Willie was rather grumpy for the rest of thc day -ho felt such a fool. He knew that he was always at a disadvantage in arguing with Lois, and of course he never guessed, what moBt of us find out sooner or later, that thc simplest girl has a wisdom beyond our wisdom when once she loves, and that a kiss has sometimes tw'.ce the force of a blow. "Lois did not want to go out again at night ; after Captain Crawfords letter it would have been impossible, even if her own experiences had not been so deterring, but nothing tbat Willie could have urged would have had any effect on her resolution, if she had not had powerful reasons of her own for abstaining. Besides, in any ease she had never intended to run the risk a second time. One interview bad seemed to her excusable, even proper, under thc circumstances. But another would have been a grievous mistake. She would never have appointed a meeting at all, only that she had done him a great wrong, and was bound to make some atonement, and the pro- position she had to mako required all thc influence of her words and presence to take any suspicion of offence out of it. But of course she should never see Captain Crawford again, f or conscience'esake ; Willie's objections had nothing to do with the question, only she must be left to go ber own way in peace. The only thing left now to make the long, lonely future bearable was liberty. Captain Crawford had bidden ber be care- ful never to go alone into the distant lanes, or on the common, and, above all things, not to be out ofter dark, and in her farewell tetter to him she had promised to follow his wishes. But she would not give up her walks and visita to the village, though she re- solved that if detained any time she would have someone to take her home. If she were by a sick-bed she could not always leave abruptly, but tbere was generally some respect- able man in the family who was glad to earn an unexpected shilling, and so she was never at a loss foran escort. It was about three days ofter her meeting with Captain Crawford that, as she came out of a cottage one afternoon, she came suddenly upon Mrs. Britton. Mr. Duncombe had written to the captain of the coast-guards for her, and had received a courteous promise that the matter should be investigated, but he had no reason to snppose that there waa anythingwrong. Britton wasonboardH.M.S. Orpheus, oruising round the Irish coast, it being the rule for them to pass three months ont of every year at sea, but he would tele- graph to the captain, and let Mrs. Britton Know if it were all right. This was how the matter rested for the moment, and therefore Lois hurried forward to meet ber as soon as she saw her coming. Mrs. Britton's face was disfigured from cry- ing, her lips quivering, and she broke down directly she saw Lois. "They can't hear anything of poor Jim, ma'am,' abe sobbed out. "He asked for a day'sleave, the captain says, and bas neverbeen seen or beard of Btncc. They thought he had got drunk, perhaps, and been in a row, and was perhaps at the look-up when thc ship left port, and would turn up one day. As if Jim ever did get drunk, or was quarrelsome, ma'am. I daresay they meant to save me, as they say, but I've Butlered more than if they had told me the truth at once. They say he isn't drowned, they're sure, and may be lying Ul and insensible at Plymouth, and so I'm toing off this very night to look for him. I on't mind what I spend, or what I do if I find him at last." Lois brought out her purse directly. " You must let me help you," BIIC said, and put three sovereigns into Mrs. Britton's hand with a kind smile. "You will hare great oxnenses. I am afraid." " Yes, ma'am, I koon', but I've saved a little for when the baby comee, and that will hove to go." " You will bc taken care of at that time, never fear," Lois said, encouragingly. And if the worst has really happened you will not bc left utterly destitute, remember." " I never trouble .'.' lout that, ma'am. I have been thinking of Jim, not of myself, all tliis time. I'd rather live on sixpence a day and keep him than have hundreds and hundreds without him." " Let us hope you will get him back," Lois said. For she kucw that it was necessary for tile poor creature to keep up her spirits wheu starting on such an errand. " You had better go to the hospital first of all, I should think, and then to the police station, where they will give you full directions. And Godspeed you, she coBcluded gently, holding out her hand. Tho woman shook it gratefully and respect- fully, and was turning away, half- blinded by her tears, when she suddenly stood still, und began to tremble. '*There's that man again," she said. "I can't think what he wants herc." Lois turned ouriously, and saw a tall coast- guard, with black hair and beard and a pale face, sneaking away down the laue. He must have coma from the meadow behind, she decided, as he had not passed them, and thorc was something so furtive in his manner, bc excited attention on that acoount, and sho asked Mrs. Britton if she knew anything about him. " No, ma'am, except that he isn't stationed auy where nlong here. He's frightened my life nearly out of me again and again, pocring in at thc wiudows and hanging round the place at nights, just like a ghost. At first I used to j take him for Jim, and run out to meet him. I bad my arms almost round his neck once, and lie laughed in such a horrid jeering way he turned mo quito cold." " Perhaps he isn't a coast-guard after all," observed Lois, remembering Captain Craw- ford's adventure. ¡ "I don't think he'd daro woar the uniform if lie wasn't, ma'am," she answered promptly. But it was clear that the idea took root in her mind, for alic looked speculatively after the retreating figure for a few Bcconds, and then added : "Ho doesn't walk like a seaman either. My Jim has BUCII a roll with him," and iicr eyes glistcued fondly through their tears. Lois watched him lou, and conscious of their scrutiuy, he assumed a nautical roll now, hut exaggerated il, of course in a way that would have deceived no one. " Oh, ma'am, he's coming back," whispered Mrs. Bril l ou, as ho turned. " What shall wc do?" "How do you mean, what shall wc do?" returned Lois, with au assumption of imliH'cronce she did not exactly feel. " Stay where wc arc and let him pass us. There is a man working iu tho Vicarago garden wc can call to if he threatens or annoys us." But thc pretended coast-guard, if so he was, hud uo such iutention evidently. He passed within ten yards of llie in women, and Blared hard ut Lois, theu went on towurJs thc meadow again, leapt tho style, and walked away at a brisk pace. Jip wus violently agitated, not liking the look of him evidently ; aud Lois had to take him up in her arms, or he would have gone off iu pursuit. " You foolish little dog," she said caressing him. " I believe you think you are as big us ii mastiff, and could lear that man to pieces ! I dun't like thc look of him myself, und you ure much better out of his way." But for once the "voice of thc charmer" had no effect, for Jip coutinued to struggle, and even licked her hand pleadingly, as if praying to be let down. But she held him fast and made much of him, and at last he quieted down. But his little experience seemed to have sobered liim, and even when lie woe trotting aloof; soberly at her heels, he turned several times and looked wistfully baek towards the meadow across which the coast-guard had disappeared. Mrs. Britton returned from Plymouth at the cud of three days quite broken-down and discouraged, having discovered no trace of her missiug husband, and il was, perhaps, a good thing for her that his successor was going lo be married, and wanted the house. He would have bought ber furniture at a valuation, but »bc would not hear of this. " They shall not say 1 so eoou made up my miud to do without him, that I sold the home ever bis head," she said to Lois, with a burst of passionate tears. " He'll come to mother's to fetch me, I know ; because he always told me that if anything happened to him I was to go lo her, and I ulways leave a light in the w indow, ma'am, as I used ta do when he was his duty, so that it shouldn t look dark and louesome-like when he came in." This tender devotion always touched Lois greatly, and she was careful not evcu to hint that there was uo hope of Jim's ever turning up now. If she could only think of him as alive until her trouble was over, she would have a belter comforter then than any they could find her. One evening-un evening Lois would re- member all her life, with a sinking heart-old Mr«. Trotwood, Mrs. Brittou'a mother, came over to the Mauor House, and asked if she could see her. They were just finishing dinner, and Mr. Duncombe said rather impatiently : " What an extraordinary time to come ! You are spoiling these people, Lois." " I expect Mrs. Britton is very ill, papa. I told her I would go to her if she were." " But notât this hour of thc night, surely," he answered, deprecatingly. " At any hour." she answered, in that new tone of decision that always silenced her father now. " Joyce can walk behind inc, and wait to "Yes, pray take Joyce-or would you rather that I went ?" returned Mr Duncombe, politely. "Oh, no! indeed, thank you, you would make your cold worse. Joyce is a strong young woman, and will take no harm. But perhaps I mayn't have to go." However, when she got into the ball, and found poor old Mrs Trotwood trembling and crying she knew the worst oven before Bhe questioned her. Her daughter's child bud been borne dead two hours before, and Jessie her- tel! was sinking fast, the other told ber as well as she could speak. "She knows now, ma'am," she says, that Jim is dead," continued Mrs. Trotwood, " and as be bas got the boy he must need her too. But she wanted so much to say good-bye to you, and thank you for all your goodness to her, I couldn't help coming, although I am afraid I am taking a great liberty." " I can't think of anything that would have hutt me mote than not to have been fetched, Mrs. Trotwood, for I promised Mrs. Britton, as you know." " Yes, ma'am, that's what she said. Still, H's a bitter night for you to go out in." " Why, sinoe yon can come," said Lois, and seeing that the poor old woman lcokedso shaken and tremulons, she went to fetch ber a glass of wine, and made her drink that whilst she was putting on her things. Mrs. Duncombe followed ber into the hall, and helped to wrap her up, and suddenly dis- covering (she would not have noticed a thine like this in days cone by) that Mrs. Trotwood was not sufficiently elad, sent for a fur-lined cloak of her own, and made her put it on. "And, mind, it is not to be returned," she said. " I have a new one, and do not need this." They were all BO good to her, even Willie and Kitty, the poor old soul said afterwards, she might have been a duchess. The young gentleman himself took her glass from her, and Miss Kitty had big tears in her bright eyeB as she opened the door for ber to go ont, and whispered, " Bid Mrs. Britton good-bye for me. X am so very Börry for you both." Then Lois passed out, with the trembling bent figure behind ber, and Joyce, tall, young, and strong, bringing up the rear. The bitter wind smote them in the face, and got entangled amongst their Bkirts, and did all an arrogant north-easter could to binder them, bnt they pushed on in spite of it, and Lois was glad to seo that Joyce gave her feeble companion a helping hand from timo to time. A couple of neighbours were taking care of Mr«. Britton during her mother's absence, but the sick woman had evidently been listening eagerly for their footsteps in the lane, for they heard her call out as Boon as they ontercd the cottage : " It that you, mother ? Thcro's more than one step," wistfully. " Yes, dear ; the lady is come." "I know sho would," cams faintly, but triumphantly. " Please be quick. " Lois know why she had told her mother to he quick when she caught sight of the poor, peaked face, on which thc gray shadow of death had settled. The eyes were already dim, but they brightened as Lois appeared and Mrs. Britton held out ber limp hand eagerly. Lois had made J»yeo bring a basket with brandy, tea, Brand's essence, and two or three other things which she could get at in a hurry, and which she thought would be useful in a sick room, and she gave her at once a little of the meat jelly, aud some of the stimulant. A flush went over her pallid features, and she revived suddenly, and sat upright. " Jim is gone, ma'am ; did they tell you ?" elie said, in a strou p, excited voice. " And so is baby, and 1 shall join them before the night is over. What is the use of living when you have nothing to live for? Jim and mc loved each other as little children, and every year we got more and more to eaoh other ; und I am s-ure he wouldn't havo cared to Btay here without mo cither, would he ?" " Perhaps not. Still, it is your duty to try and live, Mrs. Britton-and then you don t even know for certain that he is gone, do you ?'' " Yes, ma'am, now. This morning carly I was sitting by the kitcbeu fire, whilst mother was out, and the coast-guard we saw yesterday came and put his head in at the door and said, civil-like, ' Don't be frightened, missis. I shan't do you any harm. I've come to toll you something about Jim.' " I was across thc kitohen in ono spring, crying, ' What about Jim 1' and ready to tear tho answer off his tongue. " 'No good news,' lie says, shaking his head very solemn-like. ' Only I have never been able to get my heart high enough lo toll you. I am afraid you must give up all hopo of seeing him again.' 1 don't know where the courage caine from, but I said at once, ' Then lie ¡H dead ?' * Yes, missis, bo's dead,' ' Mow do you know ?' I usked. ' I saw him drown.' 1 And you never tried to »ave him? I says. ' Oh, yes, I did ; but lie must have been hurt, I think, for. he went down like a dog, and never rose again. However, it may be a comfort io you lo know that he had a beautiful funeral. Good-day, ma'am. I'm sorry I hadn't no bctternews for you;' and whilst I stood staring stupidly at the door, thc sunshine was in tny face again, and he was gone. "1 believe I fell then and injured myself; but 1 don't remember much more except that at about four o'clock baby was boru, sud that I just heard a cry that sel my heart beating through all my faintness, and then all waB silent again, and they told ino he was dead. Hut it was natural Jim should bc wanting him, and he knew I should be going Boon. Only 1 w¡Bh we could lie together, ma am." " I'll sec about lliat Mrs. Britton, I promise you. I he coast gu inl knows where your husband is buried. If I can hud him I will have the body brought hero to Graydon churchyard, thal you and he may bc together in death." Mrs. Britton seized Lois's hand and raised it to her lins. " You are so good, she munptircd. " You deserve to be happy. And you will be happy," she addud, willi an assurance that eouuded like prophecy. " You thiuk of others, and uo God will ihink of you." She fell hack on thc pillow with Lois's hand still in here, and ihe gray shadow swept the flush off her face, and crept into her eyes again. They gave lier a little more stimulant, but she only came back long enough to bid them good-bye and smile. After that she lay still, und i ois prayed for the parting soul. and she seemed to hear, for BIIC smiled again, and tried to repeat faintly, " Our Father," hut was too weary to add any more, and just sighed a little and died, Loishadseutliie twowomcn into thc kitchen to make themselves some tea, and they were dozing over the fire now, but they rubbed their eyes and stood up when she went in, and she asked them to go at once to Mrs. Trotwood, and help her with the last sad offices, paying them herself for their trouble. She was going to put on her cloak when she found Jip, who had followed her unperceived, curled up in the fur and as fast asleep as if he were in his own bed at home. When she called bim he opened his eyes, blinked at her, and then closed them again, as a hint that he was very comfortable, and did not wish to be disturbed. Lois knelt down in front of the fire to warm her hands and give Jip a few minutes' grace, and never heard tho door open behind her until thc little animal sprang down with thc wildest demonstrations of joy and welcome, and jumping up quickly she was just in time to see him capering and bounding and yelping at the heels of the tal I coast-guard, who stooped at last, picked him up in his arms, and strode rapidly away. 