'THE RELIGION OF HEALTH.' Dr. and Mrs. Mills, of Chicago, arrived in Adelaide on Saturday morning. Their doctrine, which differs from tbeosophy in that it is founded noon deductive and not inductive reasoning, starts from the general principlo of tho creative power, and demonstrates the existence of certain hidden bnt eternal laws. IU teach ings are essentially esoteric, and Dr. MiHi says that this peouliar form of belief first obtained a footing in Boston through tho instrumentality of Mrs. Mary Baker G. Edd/ about fifteen years ago. This lady taught large clauses there in what was then known as Christian science, and the belief has become so widespread that in almost every town in tho States metaphysical healers are to be found. The doctor claims that ' health is an invisible substance on tho spiritual plane just as elec tricity is on the physical plane.' Tho lecturers opened their 'season' on Sunday ovening with a servico in tho Albert Hall, which was well attended. When Dr. Mills, in conventional attire of a lecturer, a spacious starched shirt-front being a prominent feature ascended tho platform with bis wife, a plearant-looking lady, with an agreeable voico and manner, tbe congregation wondered what the ?'service' would bo like Mr*. Milk led off with a sacred solo effectively accom panying bersolf on the piano. Then tho doctor offered a brief prayer that tbe congregation plight realize the presence of the omnipresent, invisible Spirit who filled all ihings. Mm. Mills began' an address by saying man was like water, over restless until he found his level, nistory showed him constantly grop ing after the possession of a higher power than pertained to matter. Christ gave that power. The early disciples wero taught to exerciso it. and one of the ways in which they used it was in restoring health to the body. Christ nover said that disease was good for roan, as a discipline, or to draw him nearer to God ; but He put forth His hand aud healed all ailmenta. Sickness of tho flesh and despondency of the mind woro tbe result of siu and ignorance. God meant tbo body to bo the temple of tho Holy Ghost, but a weakly and diseased body conld hardly be a fit tuber naclo for a pure Spirit. Tho body and Spirit must harmonize and be united. 'Tho king* dom of heaven i« within you.' said Christ. Where that was God was, and where God was there was the place of power. Wo must find God within ourselves. Tho commands to 'preach the gospel' and. to 'heal the sick' went in company. Faith must lie prompted by intelligence and knowledge. Every one in that room could have health. It was their birthright, their inheritance. The boon did not belong to one person any more than to another. -Dr. Mills, who followed, said them were hundreds of thousands of families in tho United States who for years bad not bad a physician, because they utilized the God given spiritual power that was within them, and which mado for high moral excellence and for health of body aud mind. * ' They bad learned the truth from Christ, and tbo truth bad 'made them free.' Man had paid infi nite regard to making discoveries in the world of matter, bat unfortunately ho bad ncgloctcd tho study of his inner self, and had missed the exorcise of that which would make for his highest happiness in life. Dr. Mills promised to fully unfold 'spiritual healing' principles at classes which are to be started. The addresses were listened to with groat attention, and fervent ejaculation was at times heard from an entjinsiastip section of tho audionco. Mrs. Mills having sung another hymn, a somewhat original ? benediction brought tbe somceto a close. ; 