ESTABLISHED 1854. SATURDAY, FEB. 27th. THE reply of the Harbor Trust to Minister. Best upon the charges levelled against that body in Parliament by the member for Williamstown is, as we anticipated, a juggle with the accus ations from beginning to end. ..In effect, the Trust plead ignorance of having done wrongly, then whine about privileged speeches in the House as savouring of unfairness, next they presumedly plead guilty by admitting that they cannot vindicate past actions, and then jump off at a tangent and ask Mr Best to search for himself through their annual report-now in course of construction-- wherein he can find all he wants to know.. For business men this is too thin; what is more, the Commissioners surely cannot expect an expert like Mr Best to juggle with their balance sheet. The Minister of Customs put the pertinent question "Ts the charge of Mr Styles true or false " and the Trust endeavour to answer it in the words-" We will send you our report and you can find out for yourself." Knowing Mr Best in his otficial capacity, we are certain that be will not remove his grip on the Trust, no matter how the Commissioners wriggle. They have to swallow, the pill of their own manufacture, and that is the plain English no matter if the unpalatable compound compels them to grimace. The next act in the drama vitally concerns Williamstown, for should Mr Best not relax the present tight reign he holds; the Trust will sink from public gaze, and with their vanishing will come about a revival of shipping business at our piers. THE revenue collected last month amounted to £578,687, being £27,138 less.than the sum received during the corresponding month of last year. This decrease is accounted for by the reduc tion in the import duties authorised by Parliament in 1895 coming into oper ation on 1st January, 1896, and consequently there were more goods taken out of bond in January of that year than was the case last month. The revenue received from the 1st July last to the 31st ult. was £3,803,008 or £91.639 in excess of the amount col lected in the first seven months of 1895.6. Last month the Customs revenue came to £151,730, as compared with £187,864 collected in January, 1896\. Imported spirits brought in £28,326, or £35,931 less than the sum realised from the same source in Janu ary of last year. IThe receipts from tobacco were £14,500; from sugar, £22,671 ; from articles subject to ad valorein duties, £38,789; and from those subject to fixed rates, £24.775. Excise and inland revenue produced £61,959, as aginst £81,576 obtained last year. This difference of £19,666, is due,to spirits distilled in Victoria realising only £6,632, as compared with £13,159 collected in January, 1896, and the duties on estates on deceased persons bringing in £3,732, or £15,755 less than was received from that source last year. Territorial revenue yielded £35,505, being £4,638 more than was obtained in January, 1896, this being dueto selectors having paid £25,018 tlis year on account of their rents, compared with £20,259 last year. The railway income was £242,334 last month, or £22,185 above that obtained in January 1896. The sale of stamps amounted to £49,586, being £1,498 below the receipts of last year. s: --- TniDsAY next will decide which i10 out" dof- 24 gentlemen .offering,. will occupy seats upon the Federal Con ventio? :and deliberate for weal or woe. What these senators are about to do is, we regret to say, sadly misunderstood by the bulk of electors who, as far as this district is concerned, have only had two opportunities of listening to.lad dresses, so their. ignorance\is: partly excusable. The Convention will * not deal vwith legislation at all, and.. the confusion has- been brought about solely through the number of legislators who are offering their services. Its real busines is to frame a '_ constitutior which will be submitted in form of a suggestion which the' colonies and'their houses of Parliameht are to be asked for an expression of approval upon; this, and this alone. Electors, bearing this in- view, can ? form their, own opinions as to who are the most able candidates, for all, party- feeling must be dropped if the purpose of the Con vention is to be consummated,..-The workjng classes against whom; the cry of" ! paryty"is.generially raised, are as .competent on this occasion to think and act for themselves as the ablest policians the, colony ever saw,and it is 'with"mnarked disfa?sor thliitwe -notice i deliberate attempt on the part ofLygon street to raise up a faction and dictate that the 'workingman of the- colony, must vote for their selection or incur their mighty displeasure. Should, by any deplorable chance, ten Trades' Hall nominees secure seats ontheConvention then good-bye to federation for another quarter of a century- if not for ever. Howeier, our opinion of the artizans of Williamstown is that they are the 'most 'critical,-' level-headed body of voters that anydistrict in the colony. could proudly boast of, and without' the slightest hesitation: we- scout any, such idea that they are going to be led. by the nose either by the Trades; Hall jackdaws or flattering circulars which have swept like a cloud around: their heads. No; :'the issue. must. be the result of; calm -thought, and every elector owes his, country the duty of recording his mind at the ballet-box. HAnRVsiT T sAMsonVISNG :-North Presby terian Church, Melbourne -Road, was beautifully- decorated 'on Sunday last, on the anniversary of Harvest Thanksgiving. In the evening Rev. Caldwell occupied the pulpit,"and selected as the subject of his address Matthew 6th chapter, 11th verse - "Give us this day our daily.bread." He believed that the words of Jesus Christ had been criticised inore than any other words the world. had ever seen-they had- passed through the:crucible. Fully 30 to 40 .meanings had been attached to " our daily bread'.' by cominentators, He desired to point out that night that if the Lord Jesus Christ taught anything, it was that the Lord God thought- of our daily wants. Different schools held distinct opinions upon the power of God to supply our wants, but upon them there was no necessity to'dwell. He took the words to mean "everything required by mankind," for all distinctions were dropped when they fell on their knees before God realising that all is dependent upon His sovereign grace. The fruits of the earth taught of God, and enabled them to gain some conception. of His goodness. WVhat, therefore, is the relationship' of our need? Christ. teaches that We nmust come with our material wants into God's presence. We are taught in the words of God thistour bodies were created .by him, and rwe.mast care for them. - Our bodies were deified.: by God in the person of His Son, who gave bread to the hungry. Gosd :has called our body the temple of the Holy Ghost, and itis our duty to take care of that body; ..... in telling us to come to him for our daily bread, he also asks us to seek the life in him. The preacher concluded with reference to the relationship of master adu servant, upon the necessity of eacl.rendering to the other full measure of " our daily bread." During the offertory, Miss Kitty Grindlay sang beauti fully "He was despised, and rejected of men." IMBIBERs :-Henry Kennison and Donald McLean appeared before Mr Knight, J.P., at Monday's court, charged with being drunk and disorderly. Henry, who had a swollen head, was picked up by Constable Steele after midnight on Saturday, and got off with six hours. Donald selected Sunday for his spree which Constable Reardon interrupted, so was given 12 hours reflection. SANITARY :-Cr. Cullen has the satis faction of at last knowing that the sanitary arrangements at the Victoria Dock are to bce carried out on the lines which he advised. Cr. Cullen viewed with alarm the hundreds of tons of refuse from ships which annually fell into a tideless basin, and warned the Trust, through the Council, that a plague was rapidly becoming a certainty. On Wednesday last, at their fortnightly meet ing, the Harbor Trust recognised the danger of an outbreak and have now supplied sanitary arrangements on shore for pas sengers and crews while at the dock. A DEVOTED MOTIIER :-Most of Our readers will remember the terrible massacre by the Chinese at Ku-Cheng, in the province of Fuh-Kien, on the lot August, 1895, when eleven missionaries were killed, three of whom were Australian born. Two of these three, Miss H. E. Saunders, and Miss R. M. Saunders, were daughters of Mrs Saunders, of East Kew. We now learn that, notwith standing the loss of her two children, under such horrifying circumtnstances, Mrs Saunders has determined to devote the remainder of her life to missionary uwork, and that last week she took her departure for Sydney, en .route for China, where she will labor in the same province, though not in the immediate locality, where her children's lives were sacrificed. At her own request there was no public meeting on the occasion of her de parture, but about thirty friends assembled on the rooms of the Church Missionary Association to.bid her an affectionate fare well. Mrs Saunders, havingan independent income from some property she owns at Kew, will maintain herself, and not be a charge to the Association. ART UsNos :-Tuesday evening last the committee appointed to arrange for the Trades' Picnic art union drawing met at Mr J. Liston's, Nelson Place, and tackled the work of sorting tickets and numbers. They made rapid progress, and stuck at it until their task was completed. The unsold tickets having been checked, the par ticipating numbers were sealed up till next evening, when the art union was conducted in the presence of the public. CoNvALescE.eCE:-Werecord with pleasure that the daughters of Mr Styles, who have been suffering from typhoid,are now safely on the road to recovery. Their medical attendant has been Dr. Honman, to whose unremitting attention is due the rapid convalescence of the young ladies. FEDERATION :-Mr J. L. Purves, one of the Convention candidates, did the rounds of Williamstown on Tuesday. with a view of arranging to address the electors. Mr Gaunson received a strong requisition from those in Williamstown who heard his views Thursday evening. Mr Styles has done a lot of country travelling this week, and -met with encouraging receptions 'everywhere. CHURCH FESTIVAL:—A harvest festival was celebrated at Holy Trinity Church on Wednesday evening, when the leading vocalists of the Williamstown and Church choirs rendered music for the occasion. Owing to the severity of the weather the attendance was very meagre, and could not be classed as a success. Mr Percy M. Ibbs, who is leaving for Goulburn Cathedral, presided. at the organ for the last time in Williamstown. Service was conducted by the vicar, Rev. G. F. Cross. REGIST?ATION :-Inspector Barnes has requested us to warn owners of dogs that 'the time for registration has come round, and that defaulters will be summoned much earlier this year than usual. The hint might be taken by those who own pets, as it will then relieve them of after trouble and expense. CouvoN :-In this issue appears a coupon calculated to add interest to the elections next Thursday. The proprietors of the Chronicle offer two prizes in the form of a year's free subscription, to the person who can place in order the 10 successful candi. dates on the poll; also the person who can come nearest the total of votes polled in the election. These coupons must be cut out, filled in, and lodged at this office not later than Wednesday evening next. AN OLD FRIEND :-Punch on his weekly visit. One excellent cartoon shows Greece and Turkey with drawn swords, but John Bull stands between them. Says young Australia, who is looking on-Come, I say. old daddy, let the two of them fight it out. Another sketch shows a Sunday School class. Teacher -Do you think it wonderful that John the Baptist should have eaten locdusts and' wild honey? Small boy-Yes, Miss; dad says if John had lived in our selection, the locusts would have eaten him. ART Usrox :-The Trades picnic committee met. on Wednesday evening and conducted the art union for 12 valuable pictures to the value of over £100, which had been con tributed by local artists. The result was first;3714; second, 2505 ; third, 138; fourth, 155; fiftl, 237; sixth, 4587; seventh, 1923; eighth, 461; nineth, 1192; tenth, 428~; eleventh, 2756; twelvth, 2888. Pus?oATIoNs :-The success of Mr Cool son Kernahan's " The Child, The Wise Man and The" Devil,"' has' led to considerable enquiry for the companion work,'" God and the Ant." Messrs Ward, Lock and Co.' announce.the early issue, in similar booklet form, of .' A Literary Gent,", probably the, strongest ' indictment ever written- of ?he dangers and evilpoLstaroi-drink. The hot summer..veather will cause Australian housekeepers to -welcome a little book, "Australian Table Dainties and Appetising Dishes," by Mrs Wicken of the Sydney Technical College. The recipes are for the preparation of fruit, vegetables, fish, salads, sweets and the picnic basket. Missiox :-The annual meeting of the Victorian Seamen's Mission, Institute and Rest, was held at the Athenaeumi, Collins; street, last evening. There was a splendid attendance of those interested in the welfare of seamen, and the Commissioner of Customs, Mr Best, occupied the chair. The report and balance-sheet were adopted unanimously. Speeches were delivered by several prom inent gentlemen, but the lateness of the hour compels our holding them over till next issue. THE. COMINGo STRUGLE :-TTwenty-nine candidates having accepted for the Con vention stakes, a deal of wagering has since been done locally as to the number who will lose their deposit money. Two; three and five are the candidates best backed to forfeit their. £50, .blt "one Who has. his finger on the nulse" boldly gives seven, which 'means, if, correct, a decent addition to the public' revenue; BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT:-On Tuesday, March 9th, a concert'of special excellence will be presented at the Mechanics' by the h?ascotte Minstrel and Variety Company, who have gladly given their services to raise sufdcient funds to'procure a new artificial leg for Mr Colin Campbell, who was knocked down and 'severely injured by a vehicle in the city. Mr Campbell's artifcial limb was ruined in the accident, and he is at present prevented from following his occupation as a printer.' We wish the 'Mascottes every success,- a bumper house, and a substantial cheque to hand over as the result of their laudable effort in a good cause. 