' CHOICE SPIRITS. I Bv W. W, Jacobs. I The Idler I The day was fine and the brei'ze so (light that the old patched Bails were (taking the schooner 'along at a gentle (three knots per hoar.- A sail or two' (shone like enow in theoffine. and a gull hovered in the air utSe. from thecabin. Bo the galley, add frointbe galley to the- fontldy tanglein tbebows, there wae no eign kf life to benefit by the conversation of. Bhe skipper and mate as they discussed, k wicked and motioons spiritwhich had Become observable in' the crew. 'It s sneer rank wickedness, that 8 what It is,' said the skipper, a small elderly. Lee, with grizzled beaid and light blue Eyes. I ' Bank,' agreed the mate .whose tem perament was laoonio. I 'Why, when I was a boy, yon wouldn't Believe what I had t) eat;' said the' Kipper; 'not if I took my bible oath In it, yon wouldn't.' . I 'They're dainty,' said the mate. | 'Dainty !' said the other, indignantly. ' What right have hungry sailormen to Be dainty! Don't I. give them enongh E est I Look ! Look there f B He drew back, choking, and pointed Bith his fore-finger as Bill Smith, A.B., Bttne on deck with a plate held at arm's . Eogtb, and a nose disdainfully elevated. Be affected not ' to eee the .skipper, Bid, walking in' a mincing fashjon to ' Be side, raked the food from thepl ate to the sea with his fingers. He was flowed by GeOrge Simpson, A.B., who the same olectloriable f aehlbh wasted Bod which the skipper had intended-' onld nonriehilia frame. 'I'll pay 'em for this!' murmured Be skipper. ' There's some more,' said .the inate. . | Two more meb carne on deck, grinning mecionsly.anddisposed oftheir dinners. Ben there was an interval— ao interval E which everybody,: fore and aft, ap-' Bared to be waiting for something.; the. Bmething being at -that precise moment- Banding atthe"fo6t of the foc'ale ladder,' lying to screw its courage up.; I' If the boy comes;' said the skipper, B a strained, tnmataral voice, I'll flay Bo alive.' B'Yon'd better get your knife oat, Ben,' said the mate. The boy appeared on deck, very white Eont the gills, and looking piteonely at Be crew for support.: : He became.con- Bons from their scowls that he had for-- rotten something, and remembering Bneelf, stretched ont his skinny arms. their fall extent, and, crinkling his Bee, walked with great trepidation to e aide. 'Boy!' vociferated the ekipper, sud- »"'y- B Yessir,' said the nrchin, hastily. I ' Comm'ere,' said.ihe skipper, eternly. I' Shove j our dinner over first,' said Bur low, menacing voices. Thfl hnv hftaififArt fhan orallratl alnnrle Awards tbe ekipper. I What are yon going to do with that Inner I' demanded the latter, "grimly. I ' Eat it,' said the vootb, modestly. I ' What d'yer bring it on deck for, I men 3' enquired the other, bendiog his lows on bim. I 'I thought it wonld taste better on Eck, elr,' said the boy. I 'Taste, better ! .growled, the skipper, rocioosly. ' Ain't it good ?' 'Yesair,' said the boy. 'Speak louder,' said the skipper, Brnly. 'Is it-verygood!' I ' Beautiful,' said the boy, in a shrill Hsetto. 'Did yon ever taste- fatter. wittles Ban yon get aboard this ship f' deman- B the skipper, setting hitna fine example B loud speaking. 'Never,' yelled tbe boy, -fallowing it. ' Everything -as It shonld.be f roared Be skipper. ' Better than it should ; be,' Bhtilled Be oraven. ' Sit down and eat it,' commanded Hie Bber. The boy sat on the cabin skylight, Hd, taking oat bis pocket-knife, began Be meal with every appearance . of en- Bmen>, the skipper,.: with: his' elbows the side, and his legs- croBsed, regard- B bim serenely. < I suppose,' he said : loudly, ; after Hitching tbe boy for some time; ' I Hose the men . threw- tfaire overboard Hcas they hadn't been iised tosnch Bod food r 'YeBsir,' said the boy. 'Did they say so P' bawled tbe other. The boy hesitated, end : glanced/ ,ner- Bnely forward. ' ' Yeesir,' he said at Hgtfa, and shuddered ass low, ominous Bowl came -from the crew.- Despite hie Hwness, the meal came ' to an end at Ht, and, in obedience to ordere, he rose Hd took hie plate forward, looking en.-; Hatingly at the craw as he'paesed'lheu. ' ' Come down below,' eaid BUI,'- we Hnt to have a talk with you.' I ' Can't, eaid the boy._ 'Fve got my prk to do. I haven't got time to talk.' He stayed ifip. wdeck uil> evening, : Hd then, the men's/anger bann-evnp- ated somewhat, crept eoftly falow, Hd climbed into his > bank. SimpBon aned over and made' a clntch at him, KtBiU pnebed tnm. aside,-, Lesve faqnfotly, Hrel Ulce4knt>otiumkodioiz(nr.'»:.'. , For some time Tommy ley worrying; Her (he fate in stw forhim, nji-theo, Holding te'fatignetnrned oveiiaraetept Hnndly rwtfl'bo was" i» wakened aome Eree hours later by the menVvofoe Hd, looking ont,-srw-that the lamp was Eight, and Hie creeat supper, listening: Huietiy to BjU,;b|.-was speaking. ? 'I've good miti to strike; that's Efat ryonj|ood jgft Hvagely,«e,wer4ttempt«thelmtter, i He put it aside sndste dry biscnit. J An' get-elx ednthSj'-eaid-iddNed. That won't do, Ht w;- ' Axe vve to go rauftewbf miqK'fwvsn lays cm dry biscuvabd rotten r4aiuintf-- Eemanded the. oHie" fiercely. ; Vbyjiifc! EowsrolcSde.' , j '1 wish"- one o,you would commit Eooicide,' said aiopldng. wuSfnlly. Honndkttb'e fafll.fad'iiten Bhe 'Well, you're th eldestj-' nud.BU, Hmntedly. s" :. ,:/ ".T«v 'Drownin£a a< pideatb, too, "said y; 'ihknitliaye .:-r drove (bit faj bad food,' said the cook who-was getting hridted. 'Talk sense r said the old men, very shortly. ' Look here,' eaid Bill suddenly, I tell y on what" we can do : let one of us pretend to <»mmit snicide, and write a- letter sb Slnehey here seek, saying as 'or we're gone overboard sooner thsn be etaryed to death. It 'ud scare the old man proper ; and p'rapshe'd let us start tm the other meat ' without -eating np this rotten . stuff . first.' 'How's It to be done P a?ked Simpson, staring. . " ' Go an' 'ide down the fore 'old,' eaid .BilL. . . ' There's not mnoh staff down -there.. We'll take off the hatch -when one of as is- on watch to-night, and — whoever wants to — can go and hide 'down' there till the old man comes to hie senses. What do yon think of it, -mates?' Its all right as an Idea,' said Ned slowly, ' but who's going P ' Tommy,' replied Bill simply. ' Blest if I ever thonght of tjim,' said "Ned, admiringly; ' did'yoo, cookie P 'Never crossed my mind,' eaid the COOk. . _ ' ' Yon see the best o\ Tommy's going,' said 'Bill, ris that the old mari 'ad only give bim a ' flogging if he found . ont. We wouldo't split as to wbo.pnt the -batch on over him. . He .can be there as comfortable as yon please; do nothing, 'and sleep ail day if he likes, . ' O conree we don't , .know, anything - . about it, we miss Toinniy; and find- -the letter wrote on this tahle. . The cook leaned forward and regarded .hie colleague favourably ; then he pursed bieiins, and nodded significantly at an npper bonk from which the" face ' of Tommy, pale, and scared, looked anxi ously -down. ' - - ' Halloa V said Bill, ' have yon -heard what we've been saying f 'I heard yon say something about going to drown old Ned,' said: Tommy, guardedly. ' He's beard .all abont. it 'eaid' the cookj 'severely. 1 ' Do'yoq.know . where littl? boys -who tells-lies .go'tp, .Tommy ?' ' Pd sooner go there than (down - the fore -'old,' -said .Tommy,-., beginning; . to knuckle his eyes. ' ' ' I wop't go, ITl toll (he dipper.!.. j 'No yon won't,' said Bill sternly. 'This ie your punishment for them lies yon told sfaont ns to-day, an' very cheap yon've got off .too. Now, get ont" 'o that bunk: Come on afore Ipull you- out.' With a miserable whimper, the yooth dived beneath his blankeie, 'and,. clinging frantically "to the edge of- Mb berth, kicked convulsively . as he was lifted down,bIanketsand all, and accommodated, with a mat at the table. Pen and ink and paper, Ned,' said Bin. ; The old man produced theim, end Bill, first wiping off with hie coat-sleeve a piece of batter which the paper had ob tained from the table, spread it before the. victim. : ' I can-'t write,' eaid Tommy enllenly. may. ' ' It's a lie,- said the cook. ' I tell yon I can't, said the nrchin, becoming hopefnl, that's why they sent me to sea becos I couldn't read or write.' ; Poll his ear, Bill,' said Ned, annoy ed at these aspersions npon en honour able profession. ' It .don't matter,' said. Bill .calmly,, ' I'll write it for 'im ; the old man don't know my fist.' He eat down at thfe table, ; end, rqnar- iog his shoulders, took a hotey dip of ink, and scratching his head, -looked pensively at the paper.' ' Betber spell it bad, BUI,1 BnggBsUd Ned. . \- . ' Ay, »y,/ 6sid tbe rotiia5 , J0w do yon think a boy wonld" spell sooicide, Nedf . ..The old man pondered. 'Sc-o-e-y- e4-d-o,' be said slowly: ' ' Why, that's Ihe right" way, can't it f enquired the cook, -looking from one to thei other. We moBtn't epell'it right,' aid Bill, wfth bis pen hovering over the- paper. ' Be careful, Ned.'. 4 Well ea'jp - killed . myself, -instead,' said the old man. - ' A boy wouldn't uBe Bnch a big word -as that, p'raps.' ; . -Bill bent oyer bis work, and;- appar ently paying' great : attention" to his friend's entreaties hot to write it too well; 8lowly_wrote- the letter. ' How's this ?' he" enquired, sitting back in his'sea. \- « Defer Captin itaketny pen in band for- the laret time tof iiform yon that! ! I am' no mpre shneritbin: heat the 'orrible stuff what yon kail reti have drowned mieelf itise moor easy death than etafy- in' i 'ave left nay clasp'Mfa to -bili an' my silver wotcfa to it Is fard too. dee so yonog tommie brown." ' : : Splendid 1' said Ned, ae the reader finished and looked enquiringly .round., ' I pot in hhat vbitV nbontHm' knife and the watch to mate. It esem real, said Bill, with" modest pride"; "bnt,lf yon like, Til leave 'em to yon > insthafl, Ned.' '-. I don't want 'em,' saidHhplinn, generonaly.. .ji . 1 Pat yoar doltas'.l®,tinn- Jnn l/i fji. tDfiimnnrino lVlhtniv: . J!m hsr-gaiag'dpwpho the fore 'd;' said Tqmmyj jdesratd ;- "Ybn may aB welLtmnw no w,Mlafa«n— I wm t arnflem ?Xiell ti, pJhxApilh),' add! An J';iilke'.Wt-»' rop oodke,'; Baid-BriL.flt'e instdoemby ynhri&d.; WjrXommyV rj, ... 'I- 'Ifi-.-A,,' - on deck, vhalfrpnshing. end half-leading their reluctant victim. .. .. ' Ife just as if be was going on a pic nic;' said old.Ned, as the boy stood .nn- willingly on the deck, with a stone bottle in one band and some biscuits wrapped up in an old newspaper in the other. \- ' Lend a '-and, BilL Easy does it.' Noiselessly the two Beam en took off the hatch, and, as Tommy declined to help in the proceedings at all, - Ned- clambered down first - to receive- him.- Bill took bim by Bis scruff of the neck, and lowered him down, kicking strongly, into the bold. 'Have yon got bim ?' enquired Bill. ' Yes,' said Ned in a smothered voice, and, depositing the boy in tbe hold, hastily clambered np again, wiping his month. . ' Beenhaving aswig at the bottle?' enquired BilL Boy's heel,' said Ned very shortly,. Get the hatch -on.' The hatch was replaced, 'and Bill end. his fellow conspirator trading quietly' and not withont some apprehension for the morrow, went below and turned in. Tommy, who bad been at ns long enough to take things its Be found them, cnrled np in the corner of Ihe hold, and with his bootle aa a pillow fell asleep. It was not nntil eight o'clock next morning that the master of the Sunbeam discovered that be was a hoy short. He questioned the cook as he sat at break fast. The cook, who wae a very nervous man, tnrned pale, set the coffee-pot down with a thnmp which npset some of the liquor, and bolted np on deck. The skipper, after shooting for him- in some, of the most alluring swear words known on -the high ;feas, went raging up on :deck, 'where he found the men standing in a little knot, looking very ill at ease. Bill,' "tatd - the skipper,- uneasily,: ' what's the matter with, that damned - cook ?' 'ICs .'ad a shock, sir,' eaid Bill,' shaking his head; ' we've allTad a shock.' 1 You'll have . another in. .a urinate,' said ihe 6kipper, emotioneliy. - Where's the boy ' --- For a moment Bill's hardihood for sook him, and he looked faelplesdy at his mates. In their anxiety to avoid his gaze thsy looked over the ride, qgd a horrible fear came over the dripper; 'He looked at Bill mutely, and Bill held ont-a dirty piecs of paper. The skipper read it through in a state of stupefaction, then he handed it to the mate, . who had followed him - on deolr. Tbe mate read it and handed it hack. ' It's yonrs,' he said Bhortly. f I don't .understand it," said the skip- , per, shaking his head. ' Why, only. yeeterday-hB was np on deck here eat ing bis dinner, and saying it was tbe beat meal he ever tasted. Yon heard -him, Bob?' ' I heard him, pore litt'e devil !' said the mate. ' Yon all beard him,' Baid ihe ekipper. ' Well, there's five witnesses I've got. He must have been mad. Didn't no body bear him go overboard f ' I 'eard a splash, sir, In my watch,' raid "Rill \- W by didn't yon run and see what it was !' demanded the other. . . I ' thought it was- one of - tha chaps come up to throw hie eoppetfoverboard,' said Bill, simply.' . ' Ah !' eaid the ekipper, biting -his lip ' did yon ? You're alwsye going on about the grub. What's ihe" matter with" it 1 'Ife pizbn,eir,' eaid Ned, shaking iris- head, -The meatis-awfol.'- It's as- sweet -as nofs.' said the ekipper. -Well, yon cen have it ont of i the other tank if yon.. like, mil that ! satisfy y oaf " The men " briitened. np n little, .-and nndged each, other. - \J 'Thebntteiebad,tootrir,,ealdJBilL ; ! ' Batter badP said tbeskippet,fn>wn- iiigf 'Ihowjrtha cookf: . ;; ' I ain't doos-ncthlt tbit, sir,' said the cook, helplessly.' . ; ! 'Give, 'en bntteknont o' the firkin In : the cabin,', growled the skipper.. ' It's my firm beUef yonld been ill-asing tfaat boy, the food was deUclone.' He wriked off, takihg tlm letter with him, -and, propping -it- up agaioeb ths sngaf basing made:bnt'a poor breakfast, ! ;; For that day the.men .liv'ed: as. Ned; put ir, on the "fat of the laudj in addition ! to the' other luxuries figgy.dnff, a inxnry ? hitherto Veaeryed for Bnnday e; beingalsd served out- to them.- Biil was regarded as a big-braioedbenefactor of tbe buman ; race ; joy reigned in the f oc'sle, and at- night the ' batch '.wae iakenioff and the ! prisnner regaled " with'a portiidh whidi - bad been saved 1 for him.: =He kte'it inn- gratefplly; and; pot; cbrrillih-and inoOD- ' venient qneetioiu-ne.toi iraa - to ; happen: attbe SBtldf tiieiiigge!-."' J . \- ' We'd einnggle yon .Bshnre iall right,' -said Bill, 'none of-us. eregding to sign back- in ; thia: old . tob.- ril take you aboard some ship" with ine— EhT ' 'I didn't say anything,' ealdTommy, nntrnthfoliy. . tTo .the wrath' and confusion of tbe crew! next "day their commanding officer pot them beck on the old diet again. The old meat was again" served ont, and the grdS-fed. imEa'ryJfrom" the cabin! ntopd.- Bifi < whaced: all : loan ere when things go1 wrong, and, from' being ths/idoLiof.iiis fBlidwe;X>e6amSF:a: bnttTor Ihsir-gibeB.-. . " " - ' ; ' ' " ,w usd DmnjE joorjuiiie jaes now 7 : gnfn tedpld Ned, BbdrnftiUy, tharevembg ae be brokB hiB biscnit rongbly Vith Bis' teeth,snd dropped ritintohu - baeln -ofj ;'.6w \ !. i ; a&!tna'i. cteriicWynu jS(P?i y«m- was. Bin,' eaid tiiB cook J withrthe, airofa ffieunvBrar/ -- J 'AndffiisthatpoordearbdyiSiiit, hp In tin' tlark for nothing,! «rid Sip-i son, with somewhat belated thoaehtfnl-: nese. , pocdrie dringlris jvdrk,'" _ . ' Fin hdi-gcrilg to be beat, said Bili blaiily,' f the old mah -wae.badly scared 'mWS-.#nyBBO»er £ 4#!rogimyrio ltsgriiij'eaggested thder!fliintiV.ahdHievall lahghwl. ' We5|ioppi;>'- this game)1 M.tfi'Ppwn.ri'nLijhiB ebnnhlcBB,. Bilij Carriefsly, '.-it's ell one to me, which ofyongoes.' 'Ho, an' what about yon f demanded Simpson. ' Me P enquired Bill In aetoniehment. ' Why, I've got to etay np here and manege It? ' ' Well, we'll etay np and help yon,', eaid Simpson derisively.. Ned and the.cook langbed, Simpson joined in. - Sift-' reta: and,, going to hie bonk, fished ont a'paclrof greasy cards from beneath his bedding. 'Lsrst cot, eooicide;' hie eaid briefly. Fm in It? ! He held tbe pack before the cook. The cook- hesitated, -and looked at tbe otiiertwa.:, .: . . ' Don't be a footj BilL' eaid Simpson. .' Why, do von tank itP e&eered; Bill. ' ' It's a fori's game, I tell yon, said Simpson.: . ' Well, yon 'elped me start it,' said! the other, ' You're afraid, that's what yon ere, afraid.- , Yon :cau let the boy; go down there, bnt when it cornea to yonrs elves, yon torn chicken-'arted.' 1 All right,' said Simpson, recklessly, : let B31 'ave 'Je. way ; cnt,_coakie Sorely against his better sense tbe cook complied, and drew a ten'; Ned,; after orach argument, pot and -draw' seven; Simpson, with e king lo hiB fiet, leaned back on -the locker, and fingered; hie beard nonchalantly. ' Go on- Bill,', he said, 'see whet yon-can do.' Bill took the pack and shuffled it, ' I orter be able to beat seven,! ho -said' slowly. He handed the pack to Ned, drew a card, and -the other: .three sat: back and laughed boisterously, 1 Three !' eaid Simpson, '-Bravo, Bill T FH writs your letterforyon ; -he'd know, your writing. What shall I eay-P '"Say what yon like,' retorted Billf breathing hard as he thought of the hold: He eat back sneering disdainfully, as -the other three merrily eat down to com pose Mb. letter, replying - only by a con temptuous allence when - Simpson asked him whether ' he wanted any kisses pat iu. When-tbe letter -was handed over for his inspection he only made one re mark. I thonght yon conld write better- than that, George,' he said, banghtily. ' I'm writing it for you,' eaid Simpson. Bill's hentenr vanished and he became hie old self again. ' If yon wants ping ig the eye; George,' he said, feelingly, f you've only got to say so, yon know.' .Hie .temper was so unpleasant that batf the pleasure of the eveniog wae spoiled, and insteadnf.belng conducted to hie hiding-piece -with quips and light Jaagfater,-tbe proceedings wBre more like a: fanetel then anything else. The crowning touch of hie ill-nature wae fur nished byTommy, who npon coming np and learning that Bill was to be hie room mate, gave way to a fit of the most unfeigned horror. There's another letter for you thie morning,' eaid the "mate, as the ekipper caine ont of his state-room, battening ap his waistcoat. ' Another what f demanded tbe other, .turning pale.. AUD urate jriACU U1D tuuuiu- upwvue. ' Old Ned has got it,' he continued. 1. can't think-whafs come over tbeniep,'. _ The Bklppsr davbed np on deckhand . mechanically took the letter from Ned and "read it through.' . He stood for some time like a man in a dream, and then stumbled- down- the foc'ale, and looked in all the hnnka and even nnder the table, then he came np and stood by the hold with hie heed on one side. The men held their breath. ! ' What's the meaning of all this .! he | demanded at length, sitting limply on ; the batch,- : with his -eyes down. - - I ! Bad grub, sir,' arid Simpson, igauriog I courage from hie manner ; tbafs what I well have to -toy. when we get ashore.' " Ynn'resnot to Bqr a word abont it !' isrid'thentheri firing-op. « It's-onrdooty,eii;\BaidNed,impres- sively- - ' Look here, now'naid tilb : Skipper, and be looked at the remaining members of -the' crew entreatipgly. 'Dont let's have no more emcidee. The old meat's gone now; and yon can etart tbe other, and when we get to port I'll ebip in some freehbniter and vegetables. Bat Idon t want yon to say .anything abdat.tfae food bring bttd. or sbont these letters ! -when we get to port. I : shall : simply .aay the two of 'em diBapppared; an' I want yon to say/the same.-' . . " ' It can't-be done,; sir,' . eaid Simpson, firmly:;; The ekipper rose apd walke.d ; to; tbe; side. ' ' Would a ffpnn .tiote make any differencef be a'ked ih a-lbw- voice.; ' It Jnd;niake a- lite 'differtnce,' said Ned, cantionsly.'! ' : : ; Th'e skipper looked np ' at Simpson. On-the faie nl Simpsob was an expres- rian of virtnons Adthriietitol detennin- '; y The skipper; looked down stin.-. ' Or: a fi'pnn "note eeph' f" be said,' 'in ' a low- 'Voice. Ican'tgobeyohdthat' .Call it -Iwenty-pdU and It's a bargain, eih't -iti mates P said Simpson. Ned sud it .was,.ajid even- tbe. cook, i forgot his nervonento8 and said it waB "evident" the ekipper mnet do the gener- 008 thing and they'd staud by bim. ' 1 Where's the -money - coining . from!' .enquired (he-mate eis -the- ekippfer weht down to brto.kb>sVinnd -dieenssed the matter witirbiin; ' " Tbey wonld'nt get noioing .one si ,, . - . - . r--. , The skylight was oftoi - tbe ekipper with a glance at it bent forward end" whispered in hieear. '- . r Wet i' eaid tbeaBte.r , He endeav- oaredioenppreiablB langbforritfabot jmffee and -bacon, with the result tiut be beAto atibd. patiratiySemiridreridaatobim some btorty tbiimpe c® ttVbtofc - . Wlth lbe proect nf ririiea'biSdre tiiem Hie Jmtbe»bUyHtod'4he-extra work ; the eookdid the boy'e, whBe Ned and Sknimn -dJ1 ; Hie bati sgrin, and iwiib adittl e miriprity welted to btor how bnnyi>#eIdrwi-JWwBrif np : m deck. - " - - ; jrm ain't got-nnneJ.,. , -a..., for ibrwtolW.syd tbe took. Bill swore at him. 1 I've 'ad enough o' this,' he said, fiercely. ' Fm coming np,. let tbe old man do what be likea I don't care.' . ' Don't do that, Bill,' said the Old man 'persuasively. ' Everything's - going beantifnl." Yon was quite fight what yon said abont the old man. We was wrong. He's ekeered fearful, and he's going to give ne twenty pan to say no thing about it when we get ashore/ I'm going to have ten out o' that,' said Bin, brightening a little, . and it's worth it tool I get the 'oirora Shot, up "down there ell dav. ' Ay ay/ eaid Ned, with a side kick at the cook, who viae about to question Bill's method of division. ' The old man sacked it all in beanti- . ful,' said the cook. ' He's in a dreadful way. He's got all yoar clothes and things, s'nd the boy's, and he's going to 'and 'em over, to yoar friends. It's the : best joke I ever heard/ Yon're a fool !' eaid BiH,ehortiy,and, lighting his pipe, went and equated - in tbe bo'wB-to wrestle grimly, with : natur ally bad "temper. \- Forth® ensuing four days things -went on smoothly enongh. . The weather being fair -tbe .watch at night was kept by the then, and regniirly tbey bud . to go through the nnpleasant. lEidkrin-ther box experience of taking the lid off ' Bill. The sodden way be need to pop ont and -rate them abont hie sufferings and -their callonsness was extremely (tying, and it Wae only by innch persuasion and re minder of bis 'share of the bosh-money that they conld serenade him ' to return again to bis letr at daybreak. Btfii nhdistofbed they rdhnded the Land!s End. - The day had been close: and mnggy,-bub towarde night the: wind freshened and the Bchoooer began to slip at -a good pice throngh the water. The two prisoners, glad to escape from the etifling atmosphere of the bold, sat in the bows with an appetite winch the air only made too keen for ihe prepar ations made . to satisfy it Ned was. steering, and the other two men baring gone below and tamed in, there wee no listeners to their low 'complaints abont the food. ' It'e a fool's game, Tommy,'- ssid Bill, shaking his head. ' GqmeV esid Tommy, sniffing.. !0w are we going to get away when we get to Nortbeea ?! - Yon leave that to'me,' said Bill. 'Old Ned seeme to ha' got a bad coogb,' be added." . ' le's choking, I should think,' eaid Tommy,-leaning- forward. 'Look? he's waving bis hand' at ns.' . .' Both sprang hp hastily, bnt ere they conld make any attempt to escape the : skipper and -mate emerged from the. companion and walked towards them. \- . ' Look"hefe, eaid the ekipper, turning- to .the mate, and indicating the c.alprits ; with hie hand ; 'perhaps you'll disbelieve . in dreams' how/ - ' 'Strodinary 1' eaid the mate, robbing hie eyes, ae Bill stood sullenly waiting events, while the miserable Tommy eknlked : behind - hi m . tiieskipper, in impressive tones, 'bnt X never expected te it- — Sis can't eey yon haven't Men a ghost now,- -Bob.' ' "Strodinary !' said the mao, ebaking his head; again. 'Lifelike.' -. 'The ship's hanoted, Ned,' cried the skipper in hollow tones. ' Here's the sperrite o' Bill and the boy standing agin the windlass/ The belwildered old seaman made' no reply ; the smaller spirit sniffed and wiped bis noee on his cuff, and the larger one, began to wbiBtle softly.- ' Poor things f eaid the skipper, after they bad discussed these extraordinary : apparitions for some time:' 'Can yon see the windlass throngh the boy, Bob ?' I can see through both of 'cm,'- .-eaid the mate, slyly. They atayed on deck a little longer,, and toen oaming to the conclaeion that their presence -on deck conld do nogood, ; and indeed eeemed only to' embarrass! their visitors, went below again, leaving . all hahda a prey to the wildest eBtonish-: ment. ' Wot's 'ie little game?' asked Simp-- son, ranting caationslv on deck. ' Damned if I know,' said Bill, sav agely. He don't really think yon're ghosts !' engeested the cook, feebly. ' 'O course -not,' said Bill, scornfully, He's got some little game -on. Well, Tin "going-tp-my "bank. You'd better ' come, too, Tummy. "We'll find cat what, it ali meanetoraiorrer, I've no.donbt/ . \- O'o the morrow they received a little eulightenment, for after breakfast the cook came forward oervonsly.tobreBk the news -that meat and vegetables had only been served ont for three. Consternation foil npon eli. : " I'll go au' see 'ini,' said Bill, raven ously. He found the skipper laughing heart ily -over something with the mate. At the teaman's approach "lie stepped .back and eyed him coolly. _ 'Mittnin sir,' said Bill, shuffling up. i We!d lifce to know, rir, me an' Tommy, whether we -dsn have nnr .rations for dinner servsd;oat:npw.«ame ae before ?'- : ' 'DinnertjeaiA theskipper in surpriee.-! ' JVhat do'yoii iorat dinner for ?' . . . _Jr ; : Eat- to'dnl, eyeing, fiiiii "reptoach- fpUy- - "" V . ' '-. £ r 0? mmSJS . La aLSmwah ( UTlia4?n Dili t Bttiu ! VUV DhlJICt, TIUBVV tfaegood .' o dinner to a" ghost?; Why you've go( nowhere to pot it By dint pf great self-control Bill smiled in a ghastly fashion, and patted his stohiBrii. v '/ ; " . ' - - . .' All jrii teid "the skipper, turning "IWStes : - -" -- ':,.'/Gkn,-ws':hsys-oaEclrihes snd thinge then ? arid .Q"«rinding his teeifo /NodiB'gas'hpw yon've got ,'en' : . /-Certainly tidt/ ssid the sUpper. 1 to ffpni'.i next n' kid: " That's . the law, ain't It,: y;-'fIifM>fid:;tiiemate, ; ' : "r They'll ?ave y onr effects ehdyonr pay, nptoih'emght'vnncdmmitteHsMchi' wlLh tit threatening bis fellows with all eoits of fearfnl pttniahments. Until dinner- time the shipper heard; no more of them, bnt be bad jast. -finished I fast meal and lit his pipe when- -he beard footsteps on the'deck, and the : next moment old Ned, hot and angry,; burst into the cabin. ' Bill's stole our dinner, sir,' he panted,! onceremooioaBly. -- ! ' Who f enquired the skipper, coldly. ; ' Bill, sir,- Bill Smith,' replied Ned. ' Who ?' enquired the ekipper, more: coldly than before. 'The ghost, o' Bill. Smith,' growled j -Ned, correcting himself savagely, ? has - took onr dinner away, 'an' -him: an'. the i ghost -u'. Tommy Brown is a elttiog down ' aod'boltip' of it as fast as they can bolt.' : -'.Wei1; I: don't: see what l ean do, eaid- the skipper, lazily. Whal'd yon ipt .'em for ?' . ! .' Yoii know what Bjil .ie,. sir,' ..said Ned::. ' I'm fin -old TO an, cook'® nogood, and -nolessSimpsira has a bit b' rcrir beef f qrbM'sytej iie wdn't bs able tb oee for i swqfe!-'.-'." i -\'x ' . 'Bnbbish !'. said ihe skipper, jocnlarly. Don't tril ibs, -threetee'n ali aftaido' bhe ghbet . T shan't Interfere. Don't yon kno w what to do|'-; \- : 'No, air, '.said Ned, eagerly: . ' \- - Glo bp and read ' thelprayer-ho'nk to him;.ahd ; he'll- vaniah in a' cloud of jipioke,' -said "the -skipper. - Ned gazed at "him for a moment! apseohleeely,- and then going on deck leaned over the side and swore himself : fain'. The cook And Simpson came hp and; listened-, respectfnlly, conteutine themselves -with an occasions) suggestion when tiiepltl inttn'e memory momentarily failbd bim. < .For. tiie rest of the voyage. : the. two culprits suffered -all the -convenience : pecniiar to a loBs'of citizenship. The ; skipper blandly -ignored tbeib; and ou (wo or three occasions gave great offence : by-attempting to walk throngh: Bill as i be riood on the deck. Spechlation was ; rife 1st the foe'ele as to wbat wonid hap- : pen. when they got asbore, and it wes: hot nntil Nortbeea -was sighted -that tbe : Skipper showed his hand, /Then be 'appeared on deck with their effectedone ; pp neatly, in - two bnndlBS, and . pitched ! them on .-the hatches. The crew Stood and -eyed hiai expectantly. /Ned/ said the' skipper sharply. .. ' Sir, ' eaid the old man. 'Ae soon as were made fast, said the other, I wan't ynn to go ashore for me and fetch an ondertaker and a policeman. I can t quite make np my mind which I want. - Ay, ay, sir mormured tbe old man. The ekipper tnrned away, and Beizing tbe helm from the mate took his ship in. He w»b so intent upon hie business that he appeared not to nntice the movements of Bill and Tommy ob they edged ner- vonsly to wards their bnodles,and waited impatiently for the schooner to get along-side the quay. Then be tnrned to the mate and burst into a load langb as the couple, bending suddenly, snatched tip their bundles, And; clambering up the side, Bprang ashore and tiiok to their kflflb. The mnf-A IaiwIimI fan a nrl a faint bnt mirthless echo came from the -vttisrmni'tiT the schooner" v 