Sporting Holes anfl Notions. BY NUNQUAM DORMIO. THAT ancient of days, Newman, scored a victory^, iri the Rosehill JUjly Handicap, at Rosehill, on Saturday. :j Newman carried 8-5, and ^traversed the mile and a quarter and 100 yards " (why the deuce don't they, say a mile and 540 yards at once, and have done with it) in 2min. 19sec. * ' Now Newman is handicapped at 8-0 in the Caul-, field Gup, and a romarkable thing. in connection ? with his w5n last Saturday strikes me as being worthy, of a special-paragraph. In the same handicap .our old friend, The Captain, disported himself, with the steadier of 8-10, whereas in the Caulfield Cup the aged son of Robinson Crusoe and Marie. Louise has but 7-5. _ Tattersall's Club held a race : meeting . on the Old ?, Course, Adelaide, on Saturday when some remark-? able t atalisator dividends were decldred. The opening event wm a mi?.3 and three-quarters Hurdle Race, for which fourteen started, the .winner turning up in Maid-of-the-Mist 9-2,' who returned the soothing " divvy " of .£105 Is. for every pound, invested. I fancy that this is the " second highest dividend ever paid out in Adelaide ; albeit-large as it is-it is "small potatoes and few on a.hill" in comparison ? with D.O.D.'s sensational return-£836 ! There were nine starters in the Jubilee Handicap (six furlongs), and Lecturer 6-7 returned his adher- ' ents .£19 17s. tor every "thick-'un" they had invested. Foliage 8-11 (131b. more than he has. got to carry, in the Caulfield Cup) gob away with Tattersall's Handicap, of a mile and a quarter, in 2min. 15sec" and as he. defeated Nackara 6-12, Trentalto 6-8 and nine others, the parformance . proves the son of Malua and Verdure to be an improving: colt. He ; paid £2 8s" proof positive that his party anticipated the victory, "Willy Filgate's old battler, Abbotsford, 10-8, annexed the Sfceepleohase (a mile and a , half) through Repetition, who led all the way up till then, stopping at the last fenae. There, were eight opposers, and so well was Abbotsford supported that he only panned out .£3 12s. \- Marryatville (by Thunderbolt-De Novo) 8-0 never gave the-17 opposers a chance,of catching,him, iri the July Handicap of Bix furlongs, albeit, Dumps 6-10 got within half a head of her at the finish, whilst Mr. SepVMillerfs cast - off Fund 8-13 was only a head farther away, the time being lmin, 18 seo. Marryatville paid £5 19s. Seven was the main for the Jumpers' Flat Race (a mile and a half), Albury Queen 9-5 winning from the start, Playmate 9-7 being, second, and Conscript 9-10 third, the time being 2min. 51sec., and . the; " divvy " <615 17s. I have simply quoted those events so that you can.: draw a comparison between the odds the totalisatori returned in Adelaide and the Prices on offer against the various winners at the Victoria. Amateur Turf Club Meeting at Caulfield last Saturday. In the Two-Year-Old Handioap (six furlongs), Eugene 8-0 started at 2 to 1 j Luster 7-31 and White' Veil 7-7 being the nearest of thirteen others. "The Gun 10-5 won the Hurdle Race, of a mile, four furlongs and a half, though opposed by a field of; Ten, the odds offered against him at the . fall of . theflag being-6 to 1. Pickwiok 9-0 and 1 he Seine < '9-0 filled the remaining positions. " An outsider (in the betting) got home in the Murrumbeena Handicap (nine furlongs), and al though the MesBrs. Miller hadn't a ten pound note on him between them, Homespun 8-4 was returned as being at 10 to 1 (Mr. Sept. Miller accepted* .£35 to iE5), the field being constituted by Fourteen others, of whom Canoona 8-1 p.nd Marechal Niel 8-8 were closest to the son of Lowland, Chief and Needle at the finish. With eight opposers the admirers of Confidence 10-2, for the two-mile steeplechase, could have obtained 5 to 1 against the ancient grey down to the time the horses were despatched on their journey j Flat Iron 11-4 being favourite at 8's, whilst Brito marte 10-3, who oocupied third place, was at 7'a Legs 10-2 started at 7 to 4 for the Jumpers' Flat Race (a mile and thrtie furlongs), Hell Metal 9-1 being second and Deposed 11-7 third. Seven others finished out of a place. There were eighteen horsoB opposed to Dacohus 8-3 in the Kambrook Handicap (iv six furlong dash), but when he ran home !half a lougth in advance of Homespun 8-13, with GaUmain 7-5 only a short heftd away, the starting price backers of the Boolka-Aria four-year-old discovered that they were only entitled to a return of 8 to 1. There you have set down the facts and figures of two contemporary meetings (with but a " moderate attendance" at Adelaide mark you! as against a " numerous " one at Caulfield) as elucidating what side the general public should espouse in the forth coming struggle-Totalisator versus Bookmaker. As to the Thorough Enjoyment of a Racing Carnival, and the quiet " click- click-click " of the machine as opposed to the strident voices and hoarse bellowings of the layers of odds-well.^ it's simply a matter of Elysium against Pandemonium. Bon Ton (in the Hurdle Race) and Larnoolt (m the Steeplechase) experienced such injuries on Saturday that the "friendly bullet" was brought into requisition to end their sufferings. Both were the property of the Messrs. Miller. Messrs. Robert Power and Alex. M'Cracken are new candidates for election to the Committee of the V."R.C. at the annual meeting next month. -It augurs well for the future of the Victorian Turf ?when gentlemen of such probity are willing to lend a helping hand at the tiller. The weights for the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race (four miles) and Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase (four miles), to be run on Saturdays, August 7 and 14, were declared on Mon day, and to select half-a-dozen in each event from which the winner is likely to come commend me to Response 11-4, Hive 11-2, Tagus 10-12, Kimbolton 10-7, Nora Creina 10-4, and Lucid 9-1. in the Hurdle Race, and to Dondi 12-0, Hayseed 12-0, JSanonia 10-9, Montrose 10-7, Confidence 10-1, and Britomarte 9-5 in the Steeplechase. James Hayes was up - on Legs at Caulfield, on Saturday, and the vigorous manner in which he finished on the Mentor-Rosy'Morn, gelding must have'been "gall and ''wormwood?'. io'~'tho8e*.of his detraotors who have so' signally failed in their endeavours to prevent him earning a livelihood at his profession. As in the days of Adam Lindsay Gordon, " the Powers that be" still in the front rank ride.- And in this connection no person connected with the Turf can read that outspoken and manly letter published , in Wednesday's Argus; under the heading' " The' "V.A.T.C. Stewards .and the Jockey Hayes" without feeling a thrill of pleasure that such a veritable' pillar of the Turf as Mr. Herbert Power is still in evidence to hold the scales of Justice with uripalsied hand. "ihave, on my own behalf (writes Mr. Power) to state there is not one particle of foundation for the assumption that the reason Hayes was allowed to ride by three of the Caulfield stewards.'was their opposition to the leading club'-the V.R.C. j or that these stewards acted in a sort of hole-and-corner manner " And after such a disclaimer, from one so universally respected and honored as a veritable Sir Oracle of the' Colonial Turf, no whelp must be allowed to give voice to a yelp-let alone a barlr. The recent fatal accidents to Larrikin, Gratiano, Larnook and Bon Ton will doubtless land the writer of the subjoined paragraph in the Indian Planters' Qaxette still farther on the road towards the con viction anent the "deadly" character of our jumping obtacles :-" The Australian fences must be good for the trade, as they manage to orack up more cross-country horses than any country in the world. It would be, we should say, quite possible to . have unyielding fences without fortifications like those Colbnial jumps, the least liberty with which means death or disablement to the unfortunate horse, and sometimes-and not unfrequently-one or, the other to his jockey also." " Fortifloations," is good-excellent.good i' faith ! Only it somewhat discounts the writer's premises that the three most formidable " fortifications " at Flemington (the two stone walls and the log fence) are'but rarely responsible for a mishap. No! No! It's not the strength of the obstacles so much as the pace they race at. .. The' New Zealand oraclc, Euroclydon, is' not'likely' to viBit Australia this Spring. And from a paragraph in a West Australia^ paper Paul Pry is hardly likely to put in an appearand at Caulfield or Fleiuington. The paragraph referred to read as follows i-''The owner of Paul Pry expresses himself as not particu larly impressed with the treatment of that gelding" by Messrs. G. Vo-vles and F. F. Da lei n in their re spective handicaps for the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups, thinking that the dual winner of the Cool gardie and Kalgoorlie Summer Cups might have een given a few pounds less in each race." Now in antithesis to the owner ol' Paul Pry'H thought in this connection, one Christophor Moore, who rode that gelding in all his winning (and lOBing) ventures in West Australia, agreed with mo' just alfcijf the weights for the Caulfield and MoU pourno Cups wore declared thftb Paul Pry had boon specially well treated by the handicappers. and that Mr. E. G. S. Hare (the aforesaid owner of Paul 1 vy) would be certain to bring him over for those events -that's if be had any serious intention of so doing wheu he entered him therefor. Now Mr. E. G. S. Hare (familiarly dubbed by his friends-legion!-" Jaclcy Hare") is a Solicitor, and a West Australian Solicitor to boot; so that it is quite within the bounds of possibility-if not of probability-that when he advised the horse reporter with regard to his " impressions concern ing Paul Pry's weight, he was only affording another object lesson as to the truism that speech was vouchsafed to mankind to enable them to conceal their thoughts. By the way, I came across a telegraphic message from Perth yesterday which stated that the Full Court there had dealt on Wednesday with a case in which Messrs. Hare and Viner, solicitors, of Cool gardie, had undertaken to recover a sum for a client in consideration of receiving a Quarter of the amount, such quarter amounting to .£750. So that the full amount their client must have claimed (and which he subsequently got a verdict for) must have been .£3000. No doubt .£7,50 was a biggish '. cut t" but then the client had no money,to go to law, and there is a good old proverb, to the effect that it is better to sacrifice a part than to lose the whole. . But a slight difference of opinion , afterwards cropped up between the solicitors a^nd their client, the latter seeking to have the costs taxed, and the Full Court upholding his plea, the Chief Justice ruling that the Act regulating judicial procedure had priority over such an agreement. Which was Extremely Rough on the owner of Paul Pry under the circumstances. Much rougher indeed than Mr. Justioe Henpman's condemnation of the "practice" disclosed in the case, His Honor stating that if such practice were generally adopted the law would be a profession with which he would be ashamed to be associated. A statement, to which a veryjmpecunvous (and as suoh necessarily vulgar) person iHightj .aln^ost be pardoned for ejaculating-" $That Rot'Once upon a time it was a common sayirig that,there was one law fpr the rich and another for the /poor; bufcr thanks to the occupants of some of the colonial w;qoJ<, saaks-there is every probability , of tliia b<^ing> speedily altered in the direction of,there beiug,nny) amount of. jaw, for the rich, but none atjall.for thje poor. . ..-p. And, after all, Jacky Hare and his pal were.going to allow their client Three- fourths-a really marvellous concession for any solicitors to do, but absolutely astounding on the part of West Aus tralian,solicitors. M,y experience of some, of those gentry over in W.A. being that their breeding lines run directly back (through Montague Tigg) to Ananias and Judas Iscariot. Next year the Winter Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club (the Grand National Meeting) will ex tend- over three days--Saturday, Wednesday, and th^ following Saturday, The Victoria Amateur Turf Club people made a profit of iJ800 over last Saturdayfs meeting, ICendal, the sire of Galtee More-had a strong lead in the list of winning stallions on the 8th. o? last month, up to which date his progeny had this senaon annexed .£16125<t; whereas the great St. Simon, who had been "top" for several seasons past, was not amongst the first 22, albeit his descendants were rapidly improving his position. The Duke of Westminster made a mistake when he sold Ormonde; but a far greater one when he parted with Kendal. Though the latter was the only horse that ever beat Ormonde in a trial the Dnke would not breed from him at any price, owing to his " pvoppy" forelegs! With regard to dealing . in racehorse flesh, though, the shrewder the man (apparently) the greater is the mistake he makes. Lord Alington has the reputation of being one of the most long headed men the Turf has ever known, and yet he sold the dam of Isinglass for ..£10! For St. Blaize he .received but little more than ^filfiOO, and subse quently experienced the pleasure (p) of seeing him change; hands for £20,000. On the day after Ladas had wop the Derby he remarked to a friend-" I have done a good stroke of work this afternoon; I have sold £18,000 worth of horseflesh." But ono of the items was Matchbox, who was disposed of iramodiatpjy afterwards for little r.horf. than .£20,000 (with a chance of winning the Grand Prix do Paris), the St, Leger, and other races-all of whioh were reserved by the vendor. The other lot was Gold finch at ,£2000. "V^hen in training Goldfinch was a iastor horse than Orme, and would bring a very largo'sum if submitted for sale now. As you go down Little Collins-street (on the loft hand side after you pass Swanston-streot,) just drop in to Cohon and Lyons', and woouro one of their books of sporting and general information. It is to bo h ad "froo, grat'ifj, ant] for nothing;" and after you have perused it let mo ktl0w ^ The Country Cricketers~havinr, i_ 1 of the Cricketing loaf are to be f° j To silence their clamor a Carnival w ,witllf apart for their delectation trl/6k is'I December and after they have diaported fK 1 m the metropolis for six days they wS ll1 to hie away to the back blocks again iLi a few more seasons. % The plan of campaign fo7the Carnival W four of the up-country associationstn 1 teams, which will compete against eLv, i first four days of the week; Ld 0n tt ^ Saturday a fifteen selected from theT will be pitted against the Victorian Sven" Very neat and appropriate-so far nurt torian Eleven is concerned; but rather rollJ country cousms for all that. VTou Sfl0 th" between the four associations will not rLl than a Quarter of a Million of Spectators J setting a very low estimate on the calibre try cricketers to ask them to enter the J fifteen men against eleven. Besides, the general public do not hi cricket whore odds are imported into tl There's nothing in it. A victory parries nd .with it, and if such a match were played iU to a beggarly array of empty benches. . . This is a world of evanescence, and thepufl not want to see the same old faces year after! a Victorian Eleven. It will not add to if cloud which has been lowering over Europl many years now if we should happen to 1(J more' matches to New South Wales and Soul tralia; we have a pretty good balance to on] in both connections. But it is of paramount importance that our J players should be afforded an opportunity of J ing "blades" against the representatives] sister colonies, so as to afford them a I .of " winniug their spurs." Once the VI Eleven is, selected (and it's a million to owl [ will be once more seleoted on the good oldT principle of "you scratch my back and I'll I your back") no country cricketer will at! ghost of a chance of becoming included iuiiohI " elect;" the fact that he was backed up byfl others being a point that will be availed of! delegates representing metropolitan club] count whatever performance a provincial i achieve. ..a- , . ! The course the Victorian Cricketers' Assl should adopt with regard to securing a fhoj representative team to oppose TVlr. A. E, Sti imposing array of British talent is to nppoj Paid Selectors-say H. F. Boyle andE. S. Hoi at a salary of .£150 each for the season, tor their time and talents to unearthing and cd dormant cricketing talent all over the coloiffj twain should have the sole selection omj Elevens and of the Victorian section of IntorS aggregations, the only sort of an obligation! upon them at all being a desire that tuejj place before us as much new talent as p"" Of course it would cost the V.C.A. the Three Hundred Pounds to carry out audia but surely a " fleabite " like that might J claimed by each of the oriokoting /J39® 1 Victoria, New South Wales, and South A< | as expenses incurred by them whilst e l promoters of the forthcoming eovws a matches to amass thousands ml pounds, as they did on the occasionot . 1 last invasion in 1894-5. I Take it from me that is the best to foster Cricket throughout the ijr two men of the ability of Messrs. Boy . J going about the country (to .nconj and what not) there would be «gnl young cricketers to go whole-soi 11 aB they would be perfectly we 9 ing a place in a represen tvo gni. merit warranted it. Under the exlsmy] "clique " selection no player 1lfl P.c j,0 pi the charmed circle-n°Ln "i,fcvonpta!l the all-round capacity, of the d - ., j jf0| North Melbourne Eleven hnnseit. J cricketer more than another ^ tllf treated by soleotion commit '.ionni-ropl Intercolonial-aye! even Intoi (»3ji tion T have no hesitation in . ft]1 end has had the honour of "Jcg°Pq ^YyUU. W. Stewart, Gid. /lllofc;fa 'oro) thnt Bi<f and Conway in days or y / J Houston " holds the belt. ^ On Saturday, August of the first round for tllQ Ln^fjoi, d/vto H ship will bo played, affcm w 'i h(|reford eight clubs at present contesting a to tako a back seat. J The conditions of raatoliOH ''Og»^it|ll5tliol Premiership this sonson aro ^ oqiillftbl attempts at arriving ivt fV 1 j Jjowovot' 1 sion ovor I li a v o c oni0 ,^9 j!0o could l1(vV I ably sensible) sot of dole/? 1 understanding. Just read ^Xyifg^vlJrot^^club twice. | each c » ft°g counted for a win, Aointa 3 jlaw. The four clubs having I for ai' ^dof the first round shall Ltageflt tb® ° te in Second Round. In I entitle^ to comP,ving. on percentages, the it of any ^ in the four clubs who shall ?befog in£ j qhall be determined by the pond ^ picked for and against by the loomed. " .; ' , tr, fhis round the first and second :oand'^ Rhall Play each other,"and the I^Tnhibs of first round shall play. d f°ne griunBs upon which such matches; ['played shall bedecided by lot. .^sr-sss^aMt -&nd; shall play each other. Groups ,ided as in second round. 11:inn! Hound.-The two winning clubs J , shall ¥lay off for the Premiership ! (to be mutually agreed upon, and failing Lgue to decide the ground. Ufa* those conditions.,very carefully, r ?nSmlexed in the extreme as to - the h rftPfl £dd Bound at, all, seeing' that. ,b is defeated or not it must, take part y Bound, -which alone narrows the deei Lestion of supremacy between two clubs. Lay, there is not likely to be the slight Wen in the matches constituting the 'found (to be played on August 14), and, fatly satisfied on that point themselves, wdoltUtes have-Very Magnanimously (?) lined that " the net proceeds ot matches L Second Round shall be disoributed ich charities as the League may direct/. m HTD still true to their traditions in so Iging the Charity Vote is concerned. Lation that the two winning .clubs of the La shall play off for the Premiership is ?Sublime as an exemplification of How Not IM system a oliib that only suffered One lurajtiie season would stand an excellent imining a dead heat with some: fourth-. Jfor Bird Place, whilst another club that Iiiror seven inatohes, and that had been de »tfae before-mentioned " dead-heater " on I occasions they had met, would secure the (hip. pre is no Theorising about this Deduction; W practical Matter-of-Faot piece of busi phow? Thuswiae: ' v the four clubs left in. after, the. first geA>H,C,nnd D 5 the first-named, A., having IMr undoubted supremacy over the others "'H a few seasons back) by .- not losing a 5 the fourteen, and, as a natural oonr ; defeated the other three twioe. I round A would be pitted against B |M have lost four matches) whilst C and D P0 or six defeats each) .would have to try I03, And say that A again defeated B, ,and foquishocl C. pthoThird Round A would be pitted against Jai"9t p- Well, after winning Fifteen 1Q3' owing to a wet day, or its i. ,ln" J1 bit " off " or unlucky, A might only fi'x shots (hitting the post say ?hnir m0a) J whereas D, who only got the u. w? ou a °°uple of occasions, might Mi time. Result: A win for D by 12 ml, P?1.^8 (1-5)! and A Right Out of ID «h?'iL would have to be decided lkfv« the viator in the B and G match, bouM i?uerora *n tiiatohes out of ? 0UI« be "tie"for third place with the KnSl0Urae ®vents, of oourse, .B lAnoinn.lv o we would have the Extra It... . y °" a °lub being premiers who had Non tSlby ,th0 ^ird on the list on j ftt they had met-three times in 0t\vi!i?i,)i'QAor'"ln football League must mnlUViA oa'co (*n preference to the a it ronri °Parturveying Euolid'a axiom, ~~ A larb is. Greater than the [kj dofnl(lilC'0(l,arn,othor bay to their crown I tlio h'vof. WUliaraatown on Saturday, tTiJv ton'c place at Port Pw» ltlJinf /!oU'ourrit1 08points (0-14), My 4 n Goal-kickers : Port F^wtown VuMonaPle a, Rowan 2, Shan L ^a»Mi. Dyson. 1 1 . lrito7 ^ootaoray carried fat too for Bichmond. albeit, the sharp-shootins Cnn form iTfk very 11°ng remove from IColapore Oup form. At the conclusion of the match the rSf8o 7n A°0 flCrif -59 poillts C7-17), Richmond f ? (9-) Goalkickers ; Footscray-Gavland 3, Mitchell 2, Molyneaux, Gabel. Brunswick v. North Melbourne, at Brunswick, was a^very even thing for three- fourths of the play, but W^?ra TS T®re fortunate enough to obtain a lead of a couple of goals during the second quarter, which advantage they maintained to the finish when the board showed-North Melbourne 87 points 4r~iI)'nVB,runswick 25 P°ints (3-7.) Goalkickers: North Melbourne-Snow 8, Murray, Grierson, Carl ton. Brunswick-Sampson, M'Cormack, Snell. EXACT POSITIONS OF ASSOCIATION CIJUBS TO DATE. Club. Port Melbourne.. Footscray North Melbo'rno Williamstown ... Brunswialc Biolimond 3 .S 1 -a CD PQ 90-140 73-123 62-106 56- 85 41- 55 60- 88 P4 a pq 41- 58 48- 89 .. 55- 88 4211 53- 91 301 89-141 424 92-130 g a-g 5 a PHINCIPAL ASSOCIATION GOAL-KIOKERS. 3*692 2-769 2-769 1-384 0-923 0-769 Daley (Port Melb.) Elder (Richmond) Rowan (Port Melb.) ... Rutley (Footscray) ... Ryan (Richmond) Shannon (Port Melb.) Gregory (Footscray)... Kennerson (Wilstown) Pitcher (Richmond) ... C. Monagle (P. Melb.) Dyson (Williamstown) H. Launder (N. Melb.) Taylor (N. Melbourne) Snow (North Melb.)... Grunden (Footscray)... Hillyer (Brunswick) ... O'Loughlin (Brnswck) Murray (North Melb.) Barfcy (N. Melbourne) O'Loughlin (N. Melb.) Drew (Footscray) Armstrong (Footscray") Guthrie (Willimston ) Goble (Williamstown) W.Warren (Wilinston) 30 Johnson (Port Melb.) 21 Hayes (Riohmond) ... 17 Powell (Port Melbre) 15 Dale (Footscray) 11 Mitchell (Footscray) 9 Sampson (Brunswick) 8 Scott (Williamstown) 8 Wilkins (Wilamston) 8 Houston (N. Melbrne) 7 Grierson (N. Melbrne) -7 Torpey (North Melb.) 6 E. .Launder (N. Melb.) 6 Carlton (>T. Melbrne) 6 Henderson (P. Melb.) 6 Anderson (LJ. Melb.) 6 Morgan (Port Melb,) 5 Fitzpatrick (P. Melb.) 5 Worroll (Willimston) 6 Charles (Willimston) 5 M'Kinley (Wilstown) 5 Ryan (Brunswick) ... 5 M'Namara (Brunwclc) C Robertson (Brunswk) 0 Gayland (Footscray) 5 Gabel (Footscray) Fitzroy sent la - weak-team into the field against Essendori,, at East Melbourne-Banks, M'Speerin, Kiernari and Muirbead being amongst the absentees. As a natural result the Scarlet and Black quite eclipsed the Maroons throughout the afternoon, the final outcome being-Essendon 62 points (9-8), Fitzroy 30 points (4-6.) Goal-kickers: Essendon -Gavin 8, Kearney 2, Waugh 2, Forbes, Croft. Fitzroy-M.Grace 2, J. Grace, Jenkins. Geelong met Carlton on the Prince's Oval, neither side securing a major point during the first quarter, after whioh the Pivotonians ran completely over the Dark Blues, whom they eventually routed by 66 points (9-12) to 16 (2-4.) Goal- kickers : Geelong-White 3, Cole, Quinn, James M'Shane, Joe M'Shane, Holligan, Young. Carlton-Walsh and Caft'rey. At St. Kilda the looal players made a very feeble display against Melbourne, whose forwards were particularly deadly in their aim, their three last goals being negotiated without a behind. The Saints, on the contrary, were very muoh abroad in their goal-kicking-a blemish which has marked their play right through the season so far as it has gone. When the time for retiring had arrived, Melbourne had piled up 71 points (10 11) whilst St. Kilda were only credited with 13 (1-7). Goal kioicers J Melbourne-Steele 2, Wardill 2, Leith 2, Young 2, Moyaey 2. St. Kilda-Hall. The OollingWood ground, at Victoria Parle, was particularly heavy on Saturday, and this, in con iunoion with the anxiety naturally- displayed to secure a viotory which would still allow of further shows for the premiership, doubtless accounted ror the wretched attempts to kick goals which character ised the efforts of both sides during the struggle. South Melbourne played by far the stoutest game, and fortune favouring them, they managed to scramble home, by 27 points (2-15) to 8 (0-8). Goal-kickers.: South Melbourne-Burns, Minahan. EXACT'POSITIONS OF IjEAQUE OIJUBS TO DATE. vIKin .. w "i ' :: - . , The Viotortai. P»T"8&nta; Saturday resulted as follows: Albion Unitod (I--6). Fitzroy Juniors 57 points (7-15) v. Rich mond City 28 (4-4). Montague Juniors 31 points (4-7) v. Preston 10 (1-4). Hawthorn 33 points (3-15) v. Collingwood Juniors 13 (2-1). These results would serve to confine the ultimate decision of the premiership between . Albert Park (who have scored 40 points out of a possible,44) and Fitzroy Juniors with (38 points); west Melbourne Juniors and Albion United being on an equality, for third place, with 28 points each. In the match between Ballarat Imperial and South 'Ballarat, on the Eastern Oval, on Saturday, the Imps, won by 60 points (6-20) to 30 (3-12). Castlemaine United played " old gooseberry" with Castlflmaine Imperial, whom they routed by 49 points (7-7)^to 3 (0-3), whilst in the same competi tion (for the' premiership of the Castlemaine dis trict) Maldon team visited Newstead,. where.-.they suffered defeat by 24 points (3-6) to 9 (1-3.) A very enjoyable game (fast and exciting, yet withal played in the best possible spirit); took place at Albury on Saturday, victory at ? last declaring' in favour of the home team, but only ^by a couple of points, the final - result being-Albury 38 points (5-8), Wagga 3B points (5-6.) v Over in Adelaide Port Adelaide 28 points (3-10) defeated Norwood 25 points (3-7.) Whilst at Broken Hill the South Australians 18 points (2-6) proved,victorious over the, Broken Hill lads 8 points (1-2) j ithe while the Victorians with 27 points (3-9) were asserting their supremacy over South Broken Hill 9 points (1-3.) You talk about play being "fast and furious," but what sort of a pace must the two teams have gone in Launceston on Saturday, when Fitzroy. and Rail way were competing for the local premiership ? Fitzroy only, piled up 167 points (25 goals 17 behinds) -that's all! And yet their opponents were far from being "images" either, seeing that they put together 36 points (4-12). Wadding kicked no less than 18 goals!' In the Bemi-finals for the Sydney Cricket Ground' Trophies (Rugby game) the Pirates beat Wentworth by 17 points to 6. The New Zealanders .continued, their, victorious career by winning the Intercolonial Match against Queensland (played at Brisbane) by 16 points to 5\. The adherents to the Rugby game still turn-out in force-whenever there is anything attractive, as evidenced by the fact that there were over 9000 spectators watching the game. This is stated to be the reoord attendance at a football match in the Queensland capital. The senior Football fixtures for to-morrow7are as follows :-Brunswiok v. Port, Melbourne, at Bruns wick; Footscray v. North Melbourne, at North Mel bourne; Williamstown v.. Richmond, at Williams town ; Essendon v. St. Kilda, at East Melbourne; South Melbourne v. Geelong, at South Melbourne; Melbourne v. Carlton, at Melbourne; Fitzroy v. Collingwood, at Fitzroy. The following Lacrosse matohes are set down for decision to-morrow A" Division i Carlton v. Essendon, at Carlton; University v. Hawthorn, at University; Melbourne v. Collingwood, .at Ware houseman's Cricket Ground; Flemington v, South Melbourne, at Flemington. "B" Divisions South Melbourne v. Brighton, at South Melbourne; Auburn v. Melbourne, at Auburn; Moonee Ponds v. Univer sity, at Moonee Ponds. 