Blood Stock. Undoubtedly one of the chief attractions on tho opening day of the Royal Agricultural km Horticultural Sociotv's Show is the Darado of blond nrnr-t. TIia Antrim wore not s» numerous atr twelve months ago, but nevertheless tUo quality was there, and on tho whole an exceptionally fine- show. of. blood stock was provided. Doubtless owing to the absence of Mr. Elwortny in Melbourne, the Morphettvillu stud was not represented in the ring, and Mr. S. A. White's roDresontalives, Clonard and Britisher, were also absent. To Mr. Tom Jordan was allotted tho task of judging, and his awards gavo general satisfaction. Iu Class SI, 'entire likely to improve the broed of thoroughbred horses,' four competitors ware led into the ring. The task of deciding on the relative morits of such horses as Carlyon, Broken Hill, Thunderbolt, and Pygmalion was by no moana'an e*»yone, bus Mr. Jordan ultimately gave bis vote in favour of the Rich mond Park stallion Carlyon, and placed the Fuluam Park representative, Thunderbolt, second. Carlyon is a splendidly bred animal, being by Chester from Moonstone (imp.), by. Blair Athol from Amethyst, by Touchstone. Ho was bred by tho lute lion. J. White, and daring his racing career two eseded in winning the Australian Cup add Caulfield Guineas in 1883, the Loch Plate, and as veral other important engagements. Carlton. the winner of the Newmarket Handicap on Saturday last, was sired by tha Richmond Park horse, and as a yearling brought 300 guineas, while another of his projony, St. David, was sold as a yearling fur JOU gmueaj. Thunderbolt, who is looking in the pink of condition, was led away to a quiot spot at tho back of the stand during the inormug. The Musket— Locket horse, who gftiued second honours, and was greatly ^admired, was raced as a two-year-old in New Zealand, and was never beaten, winning his five races com fortably. He is one of tho most suc cessful stallions in Australasia, twenty one out of the twenty-two horses got by aim that have sported silk having gained a winning bracket Tho Australian Cup winner, Brokon Hill, despite the fact that ho lias only recently gone out of training, was looking remarkably well, and his condition reflected the greatest credit on H. Arnold, Mr. David JanWs stud groom. It was only last January that Johuny Hill had the Richmond — Gratiiudo horse, who won the New Year's Gift at tho S. A. J.C. Autumn Moating, in full train ing, aud in the circumstances one could hardly expect him to compete successfully against such stallions as Carlyon, Thunderbolt, and Pygmalion, who have had ample time to furnish out properly. To a casual observer Broken Hill appears to be decidedly small, but one only has to stand alongside the son of Richmond — Gratitude to find this is moro apparent than real. St. Albans _ cast-off Pygmalion, by Apre mont — Nautilus, did not appear to be at his best, and walked about in a very gingerly manner. Mr. W. A. Bladder was credited with first honours in class 85— 'Entire likely, to improve the breed of weight carrying steeplechasers, hunters, hackneys, or -carriage horses' — Port Admiral de feating his only opponent Pygmalion. Port Admiral, who is by Richmond— Footstep, was always a horse of good size, and he can boast of moscivo shoulders, a powerful back and quarters. Since his retirement from the turf he has furnished out well, and is now in splendid condition. It is a coincidence that tho Footstep horse should have gained his first and last victories in the Kintoro Handicap, which on the arrival of His Excellency the Governor was altered to the Buxton Handicap. He started in the event on four occasions, won it throe times, and was placed second once. The Fulham Park stud experienced no opposition in class 86, ' Two year-old entire,' a magnificent looking colt, a fell brother to Broken Hill, who is now in C. Quinn's stable, gaining first honours, while Thunder King,' by Thunderbolt Britannia, gained the second prize. There wero only two competitors for 'one-year-old entire'— Fetlock, by Thunderbolt— Pantoufle, and Thunderclap, by Thunderbolt— Leaa— and these rJso eame from Fulham Park. Mr. Jordan gavo his vote in favour oftheLeda youngster, tho brother to Lord Salisbury touring to bo content with second honours. Iu class 83, 'brood mare, with foal at foot,' thore were seven entries, there being three representatives from Fulham Park and Riohmond Park, while Messrs. Nitschke & Co. were represented by Zsnobia.' First honours were carried oil by Zsnobia, and the second and third prizes foil toCalirrhoe and Da Capo, both from Fulham Park. Tho mares, with the exception of those from Rich mondPark,werelooking very well. DaOapowas tending a splendid-looking colt foal by Thun dorbolt, tho youngster being of exceptionally stout build. Of the five competitors in class 89\. 'two-year-old filly, ' Mr. F. ' J. Gray's Selection, by Robinson Crusoe— Tragedy, was voted the best, but there was very little to choose between her and the Englishman— Halma tilly, Urrbrae, who has gone into the Hill Brothers' stable at St. Leonards. Mr. Ban Smith's representative gives evory promise, should .she fail on the flat, of distinguishing herself over the jumps. Tho' only two entries for 'one-year-old filly' were thoao received from Mr. W. A. Bladder, and the Judge awarded the first prise to the Thunderbolt— Da Cr.po filly once more. Fecit. Considering the season which has been ex perienced the show of fruit was highlv oredit able, some lines boing exceptionally good. The recent storm having bean only partial it was but in a few isolated oases that fruit intended for exhibi tion was damaged. Those on the plains suffered most as far as unfavourable conditions wero concerned, some of the hills and gully districts almost benefitingby thedroughtinthat inagoodyeartoo much rain falls in these parts. The apples stood out prominently above every thing else, and competent judges did not hesitate to express the opinion that a bettor collection of this fruit could not have been found any whero. This is especially gratifying in view of tho export trade that is boing fostered in this fruit. If such apples as wero seen on Thursday can be sont to London— of course those particularly favourable for carry ing are referred to— our growers should have no difficulty in holding their own with the produce of othor countries and obtaining remunerative prices. In cutting one of the large apples open the Judges found that a codlin moth grub had penetrated to the core, although there was nothing in the healthy shiny slan of the fruit to indicate that it had been burrowed by this perennial pest, which is the bile nnir of orohardists. Many contend that some drastic measures will ham to be resorted to to chock the march of this insidious insect, even if it amounts to destroy ing the fruit in affected districts for ono or two seasons. But, to return to tho fruit, it may bo said that it was dean and well grown.' Tho specimens wero wonderfully uniform in size, rich in flavour, and taking in colour. The collection* of thirty-six varieties were a show in themselves, and would havo adorned the tables of any exhibition the world over. Messrs. C. F. Nowtnaa &-Son secured first prize in this class, and the fruit was a perfect picture. Such varieties as Blue Pcarmain, Shepherd's Perfec tion, Dunn's Seedling, Rome Beauty, Golden Ball, Cleopatra, and Jonathan are partionUrlv worthy of mention, and of these the distinguished export sorts held their own in every particular. Thore wera no less than nine ontnes iu this class, so some idea of the space tho collections- occupied may be well imagined ; indcad, a table running the whole length of the hall would not hold them:- The compotition in thed««ortand kitchen kinds was good, and the quality of the fruit was very fine. The pears wore fair to cood, but they were not up to the standard of tho apples. There was a beautiful show of graces, whioh was all the moro surprising when 'one comes to consider the dry season. The bunches were large and handsome, the berries being very uniform and well filled out It would have been hard to find any shrivelled grapes, and this is saying a good doaL Some of tho exhibits wero wonderfully fine, and with the soft bloom on the delicately tinted and transparent, berries wero quite a study for an artist. There, was a very poor show of wino grapes, and this, if not incon ceivable, is decidedly ft pity, seeing that South Australia is a wrae- prodneing country. Many of the vignprons have suffered by the drought Some districts havo been fairly well favoured, but in others the vine has felt acutely the want of moro moisture. At Rosoworthy, for instance, tho season played havoc with what in a (rood year would havo been a splendid crop. As a well-known wintmaker put it, this has been 'a trial season to find out where tho good spots are.' The collections of fruits wore a pretty feature of this department of tho Show. Tho numerous fruits in season wero well represented, and the speci mens were dean, fwb, and well grown. Included in the first-pnzo lot which was artistically arranged, were melons, grapes, plums, apples, poare, peaches, quinces, w«l nuts, tomatoes, medlars, figs, oranges, lemons, and almonds. It is late for plums, but the display of this fruit was of high mont, while the poaches, for which the Show is also rather late, . wero lnsoions and of a nice sir.o. Tho array of water and sweet melons is worthy of mention. , . . ? Flowdis. It is only the philosopher who can gaze on fresh luscious fruit without wishing to taste it, and so it is tho flower* which excite the highest and most unselfish admiration of the visitor. -No matter how ono eulogizes other departments of -': the .Show, too muoh praise cannot be ^.bs«towed on the Dounuim aispiay oi exquisite Diooros which literally covered the tables. The several daya of cool weather coming on top of the heat, which caused the flowers to unfold their flushing beautios, helped in tho further development stage, and ouo could not have wished tor a grandor spectacle of a happy blending; of all colours beneath tho sun or a show of brighter gems of tho rioral king dom so near perfection. Tbu visitor w&a; in a quandary as to what elms t - give iiis attention to first, each and evory coll-out ion having its variety of unutterable charms. Tho finral designs wore quite a Ic.iluru u tho exhibition, and foremost 1:1 this particular wero the bridal suites. Mwsrs. 0. F. Xewman & Sons' ?shibit, which sreurod lirst prize, v.-ss well deserving of the lugii onconiuins passed on it by tho .lud?cs. aud Miss Trcloar, tho florist, v.ho tried her hand fur the iirst timo in designing for show pur poses, should bo highly .gratified r.t thr- success sbo achieved. 'The suito consist-.-d of a bride's and throe bridomaids bouquets an* I ladies' sprays and gentlemen's buttonholes to match. Tho striking featr.ro of tho work was tho consistency of tho bar raouy throughout, the prevailing colours being white, yoilow, bouotrope, ; and pink. Tha brido a bouquet was composed of eucuaris, aud wit!) trailers of stephtnotis and asparagas fern. This design was light,: airy, and chaste to a dagree. The beiiutif ul' hanne manni.i was the striking bloom m the yollow bouquet Mr. H. Sowoll was awarded second prizo. :; Messrs.' C. vF. Newman & Son won first honours ';:? for their wreath, which was a. superb combination of flowers and light green stuff, but tho basket and hand bouquets wore not up to tho mark. Tho table designs, in tho form of harp, banjo, and iyre roMpectively, .are well worthy ; of mention. Mr. W. H. Ind's; trophy ' of flowers and fruit, surmounted by the pink belladonna lilies, the -whole boing mirrored in the glasswaro btso of ? the elective stand was » meritorious . exhibit. In the division for. ornamontal foliigc plants, which were very handkome, Messrs. C. F. Newman & Son hcadod the list in tho class for a collection: of twelve. The Trevesia erainens included in this, and. only imported from London three years ago, was tho most novel ? plant Its large digitated leaves were Very attractive Tiie atajhom from Clifton Nursery was a grand specimen. Mr. F«. Smith secured second prize for his- collootion. In the class of six variegated plants Messrs. C. F. Newuian and Son carried off the pink ticket with six perfect specimens. There was a fiue oollection of well-grown graceful palms. In tbe hardy ornamental departnwnt Mr. E. Smith and Messrs. C. F. Newman aud Son were placed respectively first and second. Onecould gaze for hours at tbe beautiful coieus, the delicate gloxinias, and begonias, which were really magniGcent, especially the double ones. Tho orchids wera not numerous, although there were a few choice specivaons. Among this tribe was included tho Peris toria elata, or the dovo flower, shown by Mr. E. Smith. This is the first time this plant has flowered during the fourteen or fifteen years Mr. Smith has had it It is known as the 'Holy Ghost' flower of tho Spaniards. Tbe flower scapes are erect, 3 ft in hoight, bearing a long raceme of white waxy; almost globose, flowers; bat the chief charm of this orchid lies in the fact that the central parts of each flower present a very striking resem blance to the figure of a .miniature 'dove, prettily poised with outstretohed wings, tinted mauve, as if in the aot of flight, whence it is called in the vernacular El Spirito Santo. Although roses are seen at. their best in October, the specimens of the queen of flowers were lovely in the oxtreme, and the buds— ' The roso is sweetest when 'tis budding new' —could hardly have been excelled. The air round the table containing these flowers was laden with a delicious perfume. In the classes for 24, 12, 6, 3, and 1 cnt flowers, Messrs.C.F.Kewman& Son swept the board. Tiiito was a particularly fine show of dahlias, ranging in colour from a deep velvety black to a dedicate white, and from a pink tainted bloom to a sulphur hue. The cactus dahlias attracted a lot of attraction. The peculiarity of this flower is its twisted petals, which gives it . a very graceful and effective appearance. Tho Bertha Mawloy, an orange . tinted with majenta, Gloriosa, Countess of Radnor, and Lady Penzanco were among the .. finest specimens. The swordlike gladoli were a glorious combination. The collection of cannas showed a great improvement, while the petunias and verbenas constituted a very fine show. The delephinium, or perennial larkspur, were very handsome Tho various shades of bluo which are to bo met with in flowers. Tho phlox, annual and perennial, are worthy of the highest commendation: Tho specimens of the latter never have beon excelled at any Show in Adelaide. Mr. Dobbie, one of tha Judges, said hp had never seen anything like them except, in England. Mention should be made of tho beautiful ferns, the numerous varieties of maidenhair being first-class. Vegetables. ' One can only speak in the highest terms of the vegetables. The public with the Judges were surprised at the fine show in this section. As In otbar departments eome varieties stood out above tho others, and as far as vegetables are concerned tbe potatoes can easily be placed first Never has there been a finer exhibition of this, tuber so much prized by natives of the ' Green Little Isle of the Sea.' The three collections fastened to the almost perpendicular stands would havo dono good to tho heart of any housewife. All tbe vege tables were well grown, wonderfully sound, and healthy. A lino which is well worthy of men tion is* the onions. It would have been hard to excel the collection of French beans, while the trombones, marrows; pumpkins, celery, pirsuips, lottnccs, and cabbages wero all . fine. There was a nice assortmentof fresh herbs, and taken all through, especially considering tho season, the exhibition of -vegetables was a credit to the exhibitors and to the colony. Daiui 1'bodoce. The Autumn Sbow ifc never characterized by very large competition in dairy produce, as itm at tho ond of tho summer, ' when stocks are light and in some departments manufacturers do not exhibit at all. This is espociallytbe caeo with bacoa; and thero was no entry in this division on Thursday. In all classes there was a smaller collection thau at the Sprine Show. When the Show is held in September the export season is »t its height and the makers lay thomselves oat for a big display. Considering tho off season, however, tho Show as regards entries was quite up to any' previous Much exhibition, and tho quality folly maintained tho oxcellent standard raised in the past In fresh butter in 1-lb.' prints the Blakiston Factory secured first honours with a very fino sample. This factory js recognised as one of the best butter makers in the colony, and it was a proof of tho excellence of their - article tUat they secured tho award. Tlio competition vrna fairly leceu, and tho Balhannah Factory, with a good sample, was a worthy second. In bulk butter packed for export tbe quality \vas exception ally prime, and if landed in a similar condition in the world's market should command top price In this the two factories who scored iu the previous class again secured the prizes against a number of competitors, but the positions wore reversed, the Balhannah factory being awarded tho first prise and the Blakiston second. In chceso several factories competed, and the Onkaparinga Company, obtained. tho silver medal against all coinors, thus again asserting itself as the promior choesemaker in tho colony. Tho Blakiston, Strathalbyn, and Balhannah factories also exhibited, and their goods were of a good quality. Messrs. A. W. Sandford t Co. are tha aconts for Onka paringa,' Blakiston, Strathalbyn, and Kondo paringa factories. . AoniCCLTUBAL PBOODCE. Considering tho poor season which tho fanners have had to contend against, thore was a lot of wheat shown, but that exhibited for tbe highest honours was thought to be rcry disappointing. Even allowing for the drought, a much finer sample could nave been shown. The wheat entered .'- for the ' diploma and:- challenge cup was of -admixed variety, and,' of course, ? quality. . Mr. , T. Carling was tho only competitor' in this class, and his sample was not considered worthy of the diploma, and the second prize only was awarded to him. Tho weight was GG Ib. 9j oz. For the SO bushels of wheat Mr. Carling wu alsoawarded a second prize,. the quality not being deemed worthy of first For the other classes the cereal exposed to view was of a representative character. The first-prise wheat belonging: to Binney and Son went 67 1b. 12 oz., the second which tho samo firm exhibited scaled 66 lb. 13 oz. Mr. W. Clark, jun., was tbe only ex hibitor for 1 bushel of wheat Mr. D. Leak had oxcellent collections of wheats. He was awarded first for selected wheat in the straw with roots attached, first also for collection of grain in thostraw corrcctlv named. Thisarray, comprising over 30 varieties, was moot nttrac tively got up, and it was highly comtaended by the Judges. Mr. Leak also'scored in the collection of grain in bags and collection of rust- resistinp; wheats. In barloy the exhibits wore remarkably few, but tho quality was good. Messrs. J. & A. Turner and D. Leak, who wero the chief exhibitors, divided the prizes. In oats Mr. Leak won most of the awards, his samples being very fino. ami for ryo bo was the only competitor, iu gracn fodder thero wero some fine crojc-- shown. The maize and holous were particularly finu. Mo«?r». Aldam ' 3rothcr» * wsrc tho sue owful competitors iu both ^ clave.*, their samples of ixk-c swede* and collection of fodilcr plants earning them awards. Tho Suiva^o Farm sent in mangold* loug aud raaneold v.-urtxei* round and Hiveot silage, all of v.iiirh were deemed worthv of. prises. Mr. .1. W. MeHar had a most inte-' rating collection of insect snd fungoid pests injurious to agriculture and horticulture. It illustrated tho codliu moth. New South Wales orange battorfly, orani;e black scale, tomato grub and black scale, potato moth, fruit weevil, and oidium in all stages of development, and tho methods of eradication. Messrs. Binney and Sons and Mr. IX Leak bad largo collec tions of farm Droduee, for which th» tatter secured first hononrs. Mr. J. W. Mellors assortment included a largo quantity of fruit and vegetables, and w.-j vory orrodi table. In tho machinery hall tho Adolaide Chemical Works Company had a compact exhibit of acids and manures. They includod imiriato of poUsh, sulphate of ammonia, sulphate of copper aud iron, nitrstu of sod.*., bonodust. bonnmoal, and superphosphate. Ar. a tiib'ito to the o::'eilont , fe;lili«ing powerr, o{ tUss» manures they showed somo uOncrmaUy lr.r^c molonj. The Homestead Buk-keiu. Quito *. comploto littlo Show, uquallv admi rable with thti hirgu exhibition in tho main hall, is in tiic small room in tho south-west corner uct apart for the Homc3toa-l League. The blockcrs by force of circumstances aro bound to be practical iu their ideas, and the usefulness of thci.- handiwork b a prominent feature. Tho collections of ve^.-»tablo- aro every tltius that cau be wiaiiod, and tho varieties of oroduco, rangin;: from the perennial ctboage to tho tasty dried and preserved fruits, aro highly creditable. Tho potatoes are of onormqns growth, and will prove quite a joy to Show wiio lovu a ' mealy mouthful.' At thutimo of tho year. the blockcrs in tho hills have the advantage, and moat of the products in. tho, room have been brought in from beyond -tho plains. Tho fruits we good, .especially; ? the apples and pears, - which .are. /beautifully clean in appearance, firm to tho touch, and palatable to the taste' ' Tho show of dairy produce » not large. - but the bacon and butter are or coed quality. Nor do tho toilers forget tho Slower garden..; Though small in number, tho flowers are tastefully arranged arid artistically de signed, and the bouquets and sprays, as well as tho siiufto blooms, ward highly coromeudud for thoir beauty. ?;-; \/: '?-.??'.:? v '..' ' V . MaCHINSKI AND JlANTKAtTLIlES. ?; Messrs. MoLoan Brothers & Rig?, Limited, havo' a' splendid /display of agricultural and ntrden' implements.: They are showing the Empire seed and fertilizer drill. This imple ment ..is becoming largely in use in tbo colonies. It is so constructed that all tho gear is convenient- to tHo driver, which is strong and reliable. It is fitted with Palmer's pctont pressure spring and check okain. The inventor of this spring and- chain claims that by tho means of this the seed and fertiliser aro sown at uniform doptha. The spring keeps tbe hoo at a required ; depth in hard ground, whilst in soft ground the check chain prevents it going lower than tho required depth. For these improvements this firm have been awarded the silver medal, given by the Agricultural Society. The same firm have a Hett's centrifugal pump at work, also a Flood's waterlift. They have Hunt's horseworlu, chaftcuttors, corncrushers, horsepower threshers of various ci/.us, Oliver ploughs, both for garden and jGeld purtx»es, from iMny up to 2 horsepower. Tharo aro also tbo0iivorhillsideplou(;h3onor.hibition. In these hillsido plough!), by means of a most ingenious contrivauce, the mouldboard and headgear can he reversed in a moment without the driver leaving tho handles. The firm are .'how- ing Whitoman'B double-lever cultivators. These machines aro fitted with numerous different-shaped attachments, so that when the driver is dono the word is completed. Hitch's patent milk buckets are alio dis played. The Singer Manufacturing Company occupy their usual site in tbo south-eastern corner of tbe main building, and on an attractive atand oxhibit a choice collection of their specialties for family and manufacturing purposes. A staff of assistant* v/oro in attendance busily engaged in demonstrating tho capabilities of the sewing-machino. Air. Fred Metters, tho racgo and fttovo maker, coppersmith, &c;, has lately added a very complete galvanizing plant to his works at West Adelaide, and this year's exhibit i« ax good as ever. In a largo tent near tho ma chinery hall he has a good show of numerous and varied articles, including stov.*, ranges, coppers and casings, oopjjcr preeervim; p»ns, galvanized goods, windmill, bath-heater and bath, ashpans, waterbags with stono filters, heating stoves. &&, &c; There are a large variety of 'Royal' and 'Barossa' stoves, both with and without copper side boiler. Special features in this line aro three Koyal stoves, one with a sido boiler and nickel-plated parts, another with a simple bigh-prei3ure boiler (copper tubes in the fireplace), and a large one fitted up in a sheet-iron fireplace with copper side boiler, cast-iron grill, plate rack and all the mountings in brass; also an 8-ft range highly, polished, either of which would be an ornament to any kitchen, being of fino workmanship and finish. Thero is also a good assortmentof heating stoves suitable for burning wood or coal, which must be a great boon for rooms haying no fireplace in tho winter. Coppers and casings aro well represented, ana include several with taps, so that the copper can easily be emptied, and with cast iron casing A in. thick, made in sections. A 30-gallon copper specially adapted for jam or sauce making, and a vory large copper prc serving-pan which stands on a cast-iron ring and is fitted up with fire bars, furnace doors, and dampers, must bo a great convenience. A collection of galvanized goods comprises hot water cans, tubs and buoknts, watering-pots, well buckets, galvanized filters, with Omarua dripstone filters, all of which aro made of the best steel and galvanized after manufacture, canvas w&torbags; with tho dripstone filter, ashpans, some with polished cast-iron fronts, and samples of castings in various stages are also! shown. A bath-heater and bath was in full work, and gives a bath of hot wator in h very short time with a minimum consumption of fuel. The wind-motor, anothor now venture, is a very simple and offectivo mill both as re gards price and durabloness. The whole is made of steel, and galvanized aftor boing made. Miscellaneous. Tho eastern portion of tho main ball had a variety of miscellaneous articles. Mr. S. P. Spink displayed a nurabor of his escollont photos of. stock, raco meetings, and scenery, which attracted groat* attention by reason oi their clearness and beauty. A useful thing for a house was a patent safo and ioechest combined, tho icechest being on top of the safe. It was put in byMr. J. A. Kawlings. Master J. L. Frasor showed somo specimens of fretwork. '.'..-' . . ; The Castle Salt Company had again an excellent display of their different salts. 'Fino as flower and white as snow' is no exaggera tion as regards their 'extra 'fine' tablo salt. Curing salt also wasshown, and altogether tbe exhibit was worth of attention. Imported salt now is almost a thing of tho post Testimo nials displayed speak in tho highcat terms of its quality. Tho Company obtain their sup plies from their own Jakes on Yorke'a Penin sula, and it is convoyed to tho rofindry at Port Adelaide, threo ketches being kept for the purpose. At Salt Crock the Company bavo a store capable of storing 5,000 tons of crudo salt A largo number, of workmen are. em ployed, and we wera informed a large export trade ia being done in CasUo brand salt, which ia refined nndcr patented process. Mr. G. A. Mueller exhibited a numbor of brewery and winemaking applianceo, includ ing plunger-needle patent corking-machines, bottlo-cloaninc; maohines, and filling plants. Dr. Ilalph Potts displayed a case of arti ficial teeth. Of bicycles, Mr. V. Lewis had a fino assort ment of his machines.-: In the machinery hall the South Australian Sheep Medicine Com pany wero advertising thoir wares. The Salvation Army Prison-gate Home had a stand packed with wooden kitchen utensils and _ doormats, made by the inmates of tho institution. ' / Tho following i^ the prize-list :— Wool. — Jud»es — Mossn. W. Taylor, A. S. Cheaulc, and Q. Oowlin?. Merino combing wool, for tbo best and most valuable three flteces shorn ironi ranw', John 3Iarray(l and 3}, A. J. Marray; do. from Smooth ranu, John Marray, A. J. Jlnrray; do. from ewes. John Murray' (1 and 3), A. J. Murray; do. from 2-tooth etrre*. A. J. Murray (I and 2); do. from ram depastereil : (during: tha past tvelro montbs) on the waste lands ncld under pas toral leas«s froia tbo South Australian Ooverameiit, Vf. H. Brooks ; do. from ewes. W. Q. Brooti : Merino combing wool in Mie grease, for tbe bent and most rateable bale, to contain 40 fleeces, neatly skirted and rolled sepanuolr, to weigh sot loss than 230 lb. net from «-res not leas than 21 years oid, \r. B. Sells (1. 3i aud 3); mohair, three nWcs, C. Sabina (also recommended). Sooth Austiuuoc L*«dcstrigs and Mancfac tbbss.— Judges— Messrs. W. Finlayson. II. 11. Cravford, and J. II. Afford, food— Preserved fruits, in water, syrups; or spirits, 1 doscn qiiarii, H. Kelly; olive oil, 3 gallons, in glass, U. C. Ueyn«. man ; dried (raits, collection of 2 boxes (truicp »ck ajei) of eaeii sort, T. B. RoUon and Son, G. W-*xl, Son. and Co.; dried apricots 2 boxes c.icb 14 lb., G. Wood and Sob, T. JB. Itolsou iiuJ Sr.u ; prunes, 2 boxes eadi 14 ib., T. B. Kolton and Son; raisins 2 boxes Af SO lb. each, T. It. Rolkon aad Son. U. Wood, Sun, and Co. ; currant*, 2 boxrs o! .V. IS. cacb, T. It. Qolson and Son, G. WooU, £-c-n,and Co. ; preserved vegetables, dried, in tint or boxen, cnv for export, 1'. A. Pulleine; preserrcl poutuc.-, out of 2 tint, not exceeding 'JS lb., F. A. 1'uueinc; mustard, J4 lb., O. V. ilerneuian;«ait, colbcti'in ol table, in pl:ws jars, -i Hi., dairy !iml |-icx!;nf;. 1 cwt eash, L'Xitls Salt Coinpauy ; table viue/ttr. malt or wine, 1 dozen. O. C. Heyuunnu; essential oils, J. and A. Turner. lluu-e Retjuijitot— Huralyptnt oil, 2 ^ailunt, in e'-u-.«, .1. and A. T:\\-MT. CAKauncs, -Vc.— Jndsos— Mwsn. J. Ronnccre'.l and T. .lou?v Vietoriit. Duncan ami Trni-sr (rjcom raLTidfii); pouy )ih.icto», Uuncan r.nd Vtaset, T. J. iiieliaras (reccmnienilcd.; ; wsjosettv, T. J. RichunN; ba;sy with hooj. Dui.eui and ??'rj«'»r: -i.-. ivitttout. I:oj3. --Urko Bro:lier-, Peters and Fnller (recoaiu;c.-.'Ic;l); 'io. tloublv-ieaieil. 'f. J. Kichuriis ; .lo. uii!g--s--ntetl, DunrAii and Fra--or. Csarto l!.-.itber. uecoicnicude-'l;-. carriag- noi r.'jovo «n;::.ii)ri;f.I, T. .T. Richards: spric^-drty, Dunc-ati an.l Eraser : estirw- w^por.. C. A. Kru^er; fi-ur- wiiccl-.'i iiuu-c:irr. Clarki Utifltont, Duncan an'l ¥r.'.4kt (nt- nnjiiitoi'.wl). Acricclti'Kai. I'RrtuucK.— Jadjje«— Messrs. It. P.ltler.vjii, .1. U-ni-ig. .iun., M.P..ami R. Mar.ihill. '.V!ini, l'\\) li.!--h:ls on ground, n.it exhibited in any r.th- r ci^s v-;ia:ic:iu- cil|t, T. ra:ii;is; do., M hr.'hcK T. C.it!in!:(J)-('Not r.orthy tirns): do.. 12 btisbeb, ninr.ry 'and Son (1 and i'l T. Curling; 1 buihcl wher.t, to;- exhibitor* not ex'mhitia; in any o:hcr whem. dxtt. W. Clark, jno. (1 and 2): selected wbeit iu sir*.-., Tttii rt-cttauiuUod, not leu than 4 snrts. D. Lc.vk: collection fmia in utrair, cor* rectly named, she:!Te-i to br 4 in. in diameter, with sample of gr.tiu, not leM than 4 *on.t, D. Lenk ('An excellent collection'); oollection grain, not leu l linn 4 sort*, correctly n.imed, 1). Leak— ('Excellent'); '.ollection nwt ? resisting wheat (lsmitcw to 12 noru). sheaves to tie not !m- than 1 nor exceeding: 3 in. in diameter, with roots attached. D. Leak. Judges— Messrs. A. Barrett, J. Dancan, and C. Race. Butey. Cbsralisr. J. and A. Tomsr (1 and I), D. Uak : do. Duckbill, J. and A. Turner a a«d i i); do., malticg, other than Cberalier or DuskbiU, D. Leak, J. and A. Turner; do. Cape, W. dark, inn., B. Leak; oats, white, D. Leak (1 and 2); da Cape, D. Lmk (1 and 2); da dan or grey. D. Leak, J. and A. Turner: rye (late), 4 bushels, P. Leak (1 and 2); peas, field, dan, F. 1L Edwards. T. Csrling; do., other sorts than partridge, D. Leak (1 and 2); straw for plaiting, sbc&rcs; 4 in. in diameter. 3 sorts, I). Leak; green ma ire, AUlaro Brother*, J. Ledger; rlo. holcits, Aldam Brothers ; mangold wurtzel, lona and ronnl or ural, Sewage Farm (2); sugar beet, Aldim Eroihora; swedes, Aldam Brothers; spocial prize, presented by Messn. E. and W. Uackett, for collection of green fodder plants, in nbeaTes, Aldam Brother*; gaano, Adelaide Chemical Works; bone dust, I- Mchrteiu and Co. ; fcrtilizen, other than above, L. Mohrten* and Co. ; nilage, sour and sweet, Sewage Farm ('-'); en so of illn.itrations and speci mens of ins xt. and fuugoid nests injurious to agri culture and horticulture, .J. \v. Mollor: best collM lion of produce Rrotvn on one larui by exhibitor, coupling of not leas liian 20 variolie\ lttnney and Son, I). I^ak. Uci;iarki-'Tho Judges added that thoy li.vl no practical mean* of testing tbe nun-arcs, bnt unrc-orvcdly gate their decisions to tb» l*»c of their ability. They also regretted tbo fow exhibits of barley, but which were on the wholo good.' Dairy Vitonrct— Judges— Messrs. J. Bender Kon. W. 1\a-i, r»:d f. )). Forayih. Uutter. potted or o«:*r-.vi-u firoicrvcd, snitabla in quality and l-ackas-M fur oxpnrt. Balhannah Co-cperatirc Chec.-c anil ilut'.cr Com|M:iy, Ulakiiton Vhecxo and Kuttcr Company ; do. fresh, Blnkistou Cheese and UuUer Comnsuy, jiilluniuli Ciieue and Buttor Company; cheese (any sizes), Onkaparinga Factory. SPARROWS.— Judges— Mesura. \V. Ilaekett and J. llmoy. Sparrows' eggs, larcc.it number collected iu South Australia, u. Rawlini;s, 4,000 ep(W, W. Harris, '^SOZ, J. M. Shannon, 1,300, S. R. Hall, 071; do. lirads A. Harris, 130. Uo-.UKi.— Jurtse— Mr. T. JoTdon. Blood Stock.— Acoi Uatu from August 1— Eniiro likely to improve bread of thoroughbred horse?, J. if. Aldridge's Carlyon, W. A. Uiacklfr'a Xliur.deriwit; entire likoly to improve the breud of ncigh&carryiag; atoeplech'isers, bun r cr*. hackneys, or carrtace borscs, '.V. A. Blacker* Port Admiral. J. Uiu's Pygmalion; sc-o-y«ar-uld entire, W. A. Bladder's (1 and '?) (ica-hvi!l an 1 Thunder ICing: one-year-old do., W. a. Blacklsr's (l and 2) Thunderclap and Fetlock; brood rjfro, with foal at foot, W. A. Blackler's (1. 2, anil ') D* Nora, Calirrhoea, and n.\ Capo; ttro- yearold filly, F. J. Grayii Scli-ction, R. B:irr .Sm:tlu Urrhrae ; cuo-ycar- oltf do., \V. A. Ci'acLicr'j (1 and 2) Unce .More and Delay. FcuNnniK.— .Imlsiv— Mi-isrs. J. II. Eitzen and W. C. Kulfc. Filters, V. TI.-i.UTK (' Very cood'). AKTICI.CS AX9 M.\TZ.t;.lL:i I'SKO IN*Bl-ILDI\a-l. —JudRcs— Messrs. D. O.trlicl:, E. T)n»ics, and F. W. Dauckcr. Coo!:ii!fi apparatus, F. MoUcrs (' Ex. cellent iniicsi^uand worrcnaniiiip'); water heater andbazh, V. .Metiers (' Vory good'). Le&tu;:;r and Manufactures Therefrom.— JudKCi— Me?«rs. H. Grave* and R. B. Crawford. Collection of barne^and tadtllery, carriage barcew, doable, do. single, bu;gy, do. double, do. tingle, ?prinj-cart hamean and adddle and bridle, C. II. Lebuiann (wren flrstt). Jud?e*' renuirlu— ' We are Mrry there wim not more competition in this important cl.vw. That exhibited, howerer, is all oi a creditable character.' Machinery, Iuonwork, K-i.-Castingi, iron, nn fettled, e. Metiers (' Very good') ; do., malleable iron. H. (i. Keipwt ai.U Co. ('Very good clcau work'); »tamped torRinpt, J. F. Mellor (' Very good, and recommended to farmers for use, especially in rough ground'): galvanized ironwork, collection, F. Mctu»rs (' Very go«l, well- bucket very strong'); veraiitlah or garden seats, iron, wood, or combined, J. F. Mellor ('Novel idua'); collection ofhnrw slioei. Jrom tha btinmer, F. Kyle» (' Well worthy'). Mi-rKU.ANEor.;. — Judso — Mr. T. Forsyth. Mecbantcnl appiiancct. labour*sarine niachiuery, aiidiiiiplctueiiiio;- mudelxof sumc, U. E. Gnicfe (' Vory creditable piece of work'). FRliT.--.liidKe»-JIe«srs. G. F. Ind, T. Hardy, aud J. S. Iteasley. FruiU, edible, -J4 varieties (except melons), Mrs. A. Mv.egg«, J. Hobbs, C. Pitt; cullccuon gnpes, correctly named where nreeU?ablc, 30 varieties. Pitt. Hobbs, T. R. and F. Howcll; gripes, white table. W. Wear (2), T. E. an-1 F Uowcll. UoMM; do. coiouro.1 Uble, J. Rowell. T. E. and F. rtowell (2£iad »); do. for drying, 4 varieties. Wear; do., table, neodliup. Wear (1 and 2); do., coloured, tiible, six varieties, named, W.vir, Hobbs; do., six Lirgcrt ami 6nen .shaped bunches of distinct varieties, correctly named, Pitt, Hobbs; do., wine, twelve varieties, coirerlly named, T. E. and F. Rowell, ritt; leelun, awect, grten flesh, lloblw, C. V. Foilau.l, iun. ; do., not Rreeu fli-ah, Mri-. Mueecc, FoUaiid. T. K. and V. Howell ; «to., water, T. A. and F. Kowcll (1 and 3). HoI)1m; )ieaches, freestone, UobU3(laiid2); do., clinkstone, Hallidiy Brothers, .). Weau-ni atul Son. .lu-lgeirei-iarkN— ' Fruits on the whale are very Rood, taking into considera tion tbe dry .season we bave cone through.' Jr.dges— Moiwr*. T. Lock, W. Merchant, and J. Cumow. Collection apples, 3G variotiex, correctly ?tamed where practicable, N'ewitun and Sou, T. Grirel, J. Jeunings and ^on ; do. 12 varieties. It 0. Siutoo, Newman and Son : do. dessert, Jouninirs and Son, l'it*.: «!o. kitchen, C. A. Ilalliday, G. Smith; colk-ctiou piMis, 20 vnrioties, correctly named where practicable, U. A. Smith, Giles and .Son, Pitt; do. mined. 10 varisticx, J. Itoiw-ell, Giles and Son, J. E. and F. Rowell ; do. table, Mr*. A. Muecge, J. lloirell, JIann Brothors; do. kitchen, J.E. and I-', llowoll, Sultnn; quinces, J. Rowell, .Mrs. Muti'ge ; plum?, collection named, G varieties, Sutton, liobbs; do. dish, D. Lsak, Hobbs; damsons, round. Leak, Giles aud Son; do. oval. Pitt, II. A.rmiith; oranges, W. II. Ind, J. Beasley ; lemons, Ind, lloblu; limei, Be&sisy;, Hoblis; pome granates, Uol-bs, t'itt; mnlberrim, fleailey, Mrs. Muesce; Klberts, Giles and Sou, Pitt; hazelnuts. Pitt. II. A. Smith; walnuts, Oiles and Son, Sutton; almonds, Ind, Mrs. Muecge; fig«, black, J. Rowell, Mrs. Mueggs: do. of any other colour, Hobb,, J. a. Johnson: to matoes, 0 varieties, Bsaslcy, Ilaliidsy Brothers; tomatoes, red, Nowman and Son, Mr*. MiK-Rpe ; -.?«£ fruit, lii-Hsley (2); ua-wion fn-.it, Pitt, fiiles aud Sou; chillici ind capsicums, BtMley (five firsts). Ju-.lc.es' reiajirks— ' Wa consider the snow of fruit exceptionally jood, eHiwcLilly in collection of apple*, in which they had great trouble iu coming to k decision.' VEOKTAUi.E.«.-Judges-.Me«!tn. J. Watk- ns, W. Haiocs, and W. .Moulds. Vegetables, anmc.l, 24 varieties, K. C. Sution. H.iliidny Brothers, llsnn Brothers ('A *pl«ndtd lot'); carrots, C. A. Halli ?lay. Ualliday lirntliers; do., shorlhcrn, Uann Brothers, Hnlliiluy Brtthers; red lh-ct, Ualliday Rrotliers., Mrs. Muejtso ; cucumbers, Hann Brothem, Sutton; ^Ucrkins, J. T. Leraar, Sutton; vegetable mr.rrow*. .1. Hobbs ('Grand'). T. Grivd; pump kins, Bana Brothers ('Good'), W. II. Ind; trombones, Ind ('Splendid'), Mrs. Mutgge; Iwans, runners, Sutton, Hann Brother*; do., butter, Ilalliday Brothers, Gri\el; beina, dwarf, Lemur, Mrs. Mw;ge; cvlery, white, ioug, Hann Brothers, Ualliday Brolhun; do., short. Ilalliday Biothurs, C. A. Ilalliday; .spimch. Mrs. Mneei-e, Ifal!i-l:.y Brothers: salad. Il.xlliday Rro'-hers, .Mrs. Mutce; pAis, C. A. iialliiby. Hal ltday Brothen : i.ro:td be.in*, .Sutton, Mr*. Muecze ; longpo;! d«i., IlatlttLxy Rrothen, Suttoa; rhuh-\rb, Hum Brottiurs, -*t:Tia.i!i an i Son; parsnips, Haiti day Croihcr.*, llaiui Bruihers; turuipi, while, Hann Brothers, C. A. lia.llid.iy; do., yellow, Sutton, Hum Brothers; lettuces, any other Tariety than ens., llar.n Mr.tlicr?. U.illidiy Brothers ; cabbage, flatbeAils, H.u.n Brothers, Grird; do., heart-shaped, Sutton, Lemtr; savoyi-, Sutton ; cauliflowers, Grirel; red cihbaROS, Suiton, Lemar; leckj, Mr.». .Muesge, C. A. Ilalliday; lurbs. collec tion, Hann Brothers, Lemar; do., Uriel, Beaslvy, Lsmar; onioa-., Rlnbe, Gritel, Sutton; do., 3it, Ualliday Brotiien, f/cmar; do., pickling, Grivcl, Ltioar; g.irlick, f/cmir. Mm. MuegRe; nhaiot*;, S',ti-. Mue^e. Lciiw.r; po:atoc.i, II«liiday Brother.'1, Ix'mar; do., round, red, C. A. lUUiday, Sutton, Hann Brothers ; do., not rail, L}iiur. Uann Brothsri, Ilalliday Brothers ; do., kidney, Ualliday Brothers, C. A. Ualliday, Leinar. Judges' remarks—' Wo arc ghd to report that in nil claries tha exhibit* are an gi-od if not better than any other season for a Ions time anil tlio competition very keen.' Floricultcrc— Judges-Messrs. T. Fraser, P. Som«rvitli!, and .M. Cullsn. I'hntsin pots— New or rare. Nuwaian and Son (i); ornamvntil, for table decoration, Newman and Son, Sir T. Kldor ; palms, Newman and Son; ornamental, Newmin and Son. B. Smith ; variesateil, Newmao and Son, SirT. Eider; ornimental, liardy outdoor, B. .Smith, Newman aud -on ; fem.t, ailiin'.um, Newman and Son, U. .Smith; dn., not luli.intum, Sir T. Elder, Newman and Sun: ferns, Ncwtitin and Son (2), a'ir T. Elder; lycopo;l», Nowman and Son (S); cala diutus, Kewraau and Son (I); eolciu, Xcwman and Son (3), E. Smith (2). Giles and Son; plants in baakets, Nawman and Son (J), Giles and Son. Plants in pots and in bloom— New or rare, New man and Son (4); of any kind. Newman and Son (4), K. Smith Ci); hydranj-ea. E. Smith, C. A. Htlliday; gloxinias. K. Smith (2), Sir T. Elder (2\ Giles and Son: tuberous begonias, Newman and Son (!). Giles and Son (4); achimcucx. li. Smith (5), C.iles and Son (2); canuas, ESmith, Nowmnu and Son ; fuchsia*. C. A. Ilalli day (3), Giles and Son (3); pelargr.niuins, zouale, sinplc. Gilca und Son (.1), C. A. Halliii.ty (2); d... doul-le, Giles and Son (a). C. A. ITr.lliilay (J); climbers, Newman and Son ; peiunia*. doiu-lo, Hi Us aud Son, Newman and Sou. C. A. H.illiuay; do., ?ingle, C. A. Halli lay (2) ; orchid.:, Ncwt'.aa am! Son (S- Cut flowers. — Judys— Mtrstr*. A. \V. liowr.rd, S. C. Stennins, nnJ G. Hilburu. Now or rare, Newman and Son (3), G. Smith: ofanynort, except orchids, Newman and Son (o), «'iile.- &nd; Son (.1), K. Smith; 'uulbous or tu'usrout, Newmin and Son (3), GilMasdSon; rlimbcn, Ncvrtiian and .Son(::), K. Smith, Giles and Sou, .1. W. Porter: shrubs, Newman anil Son (I). K. Smith is). J. iticot; ziunibs, C. A. l!alliday(3). (Ulliiiay Brotluru (-.'!, \V. Harris ; ro;es. C. A. Il.il!!day (S), II. A. Smith, It. C. Suttou, E. Smith, Ncwnun and Son, Jl*!!:day Brothers; varbcn.is, C. A. Ualliday ia). E*. Smith (2), J. !!. Melunii C), Ililliday Croiheis; pverlitstiusH. Harris (S), Ind (S); dahlias, cactus, 12 (special prizes, presented by the M- unt l.ofty Gardeners' Associatiun), .1. l'»i?i-t (worthy nf S|x-i-ia'l mention), C. A. Ilalliday; -[». »how. c. A. llalliday (3), G. ?'jiuitli (:a lUlliitay Jtroihtrs (:;); do. pom pone, C. A. U.illiilay (-Ji, Ncwiuau and Son, lialli day Brothers; ;-?r.n;ias, siu^le, Newman nnd Sou (3 univer*;lly fine;, l'o:ur, C. A. iltlliilav; do., double, C. A. Ur.lliday, G. fmi'.b (i). Porter, Uallidr.y oratliurs, Newinansnd Son ; pentstemonti, f. A. Halli.Vtv O). Ualliday Brothers (3); pcinr (toniims, roniit, tlagfs, C. A. Haliiday (S), Gibs an-l Smi (C); do., cionbU, Giles and ?son (3), Harris, C. A. flalliday {i); i^.auioli, C. A. Holiday (3-. U.illi'lay Brotlivrs (3); ?luntbu ', (iniible. any variety, G. Smith, C. A. Hallidiy: -i--., .tingle. C. A. Hallidsy, Harris; do., any variety, J. W. Porter (3), G. Smith; antirr hinuuvi, C. A. Hilliilay, Kalliday Brolben; del l-liinii!ini, -5. Smith, C. A. Uilliday; stocks, C. A. rialiiday. llAllidny Brother*; nhl'ix, pervucisJ, C A. U?.!lidhyi3— ' Vory pood; the best etcr shown), Giles And jva (2), Ualliday Brothen; phlox drum raondii. H^lliihy Brotbers(2), G. Smith (2); asters, a A. !Iilli\Uy (';:). Hallieay Brothrn G. .Smith; annuals, C. A. nalliday (3), G. tfmith (2), Mclunis, Pcrtsr. Kalliday Brothers; celosias, Mclnnis; *ir.f»m:-thu\ Harris, Porter: cauujis, Porter (4). N«wnin an i Sun (2); orchids, Ncniuau and Son M). Division BJ— Judges -Messn. II. G. Prince, C B. Hxrdy. ;tn-l T. R. Brisbt. Bridal wile, consist in? of bride's bou'iuet and sprays. 3 bridesmaids' br.nineto Mid spray*, and 3 buttonholes. Newman and -m\, li. Sewtll; floral deticn, Sestell, Newmia ami Son: dexicnof flower* and fruits, Ind (1 and 2); bn«kct c! flowers. Newman and .Son, 5owell; wreath o' tlineK, Newman nnd 8on, flewell; bcu'-,ne'. fir ub!«, Nowman and Son, Ind; do., band, R. A. Yatcs, Newman and Son; buttonhole bouquets, xroup of 0, for gentleman, Sewell (2), Nowa-»n and Son (-); bouqnet for lady's dress, Yatej (2), Giles and Sob, Newman and Son; wreath made of i-rerlas:ing flowers, Ind (1 and 2); bouquet do., Kcwnian and Son (1 and z); bonquct of ererlasVinc, ('.oners in their nMur*i utAto. lad (t and 2); oroaratnUl gmans, Jnd (2), J. Beics. J. T. Lrnnr; design in dried ferns or lycopodi), Ncwmnn -C* Son, Giles & Son. Judges' remarks — ' Bridal suito exhibits exceptionally good, but we regret the hand houquct and W ket of flower* not equal to previous shows, and recom mend to committee that class 'bouquet for table' should be replaced by some more attractive form of exhibit.' Bees, Honet. and appliances. — Judges— Messrs. J. U. WeidenhKfer, A. E. Binney, and A. W. Sandford. Extracted honey, T. B. Robson & Son ; wax, Robson & Sen; comb foundation, colonial made, heavy, for brood frames, Robson A Son. Judges' remarks— ' Exhibit* excellent, bat regret absence of comMtitten.' Houcstrad Lsaode. — Judges — Messrs. R. Lewis, W. Murray, and J. II. Uobbs. Bost collec tion of produce, 12 varieties, C. T. Tomley. A. E. Colbcy, Q. II. French; collection vegetables, Tomley, J. lUwes; potatoes, kidney, Tomley ; do., round, Tomloy, Uawes ; onions, C. Arndt, Hawes ; cabbies, Uawus, Tomley ; carrots, Tomley, Hawes ; parsnips, Tomley. Ilawes; turnips, white, Hawes ; do., yellow, 12, nawes, Toraley ; red beet, Tomloy, Uawes; silver da, Tomley: trombones, French; piemelons, any colour, Wilhelm, Arndt ; cucumbers, Wilbelm, Tomley ; cberkins, Arudt, Tomley; vege table marrows, white. Hrwm, J. Mullin ; do., any other colour, Mullin, Tomley ; peas. Hawes, Tomley ; b»ans, runner, Tomley ; do., dwarf, Hawei, Muliin; csliiry, Tomley; salad, Tomley; radishc?. lone red, Hawes, Tomley ; do., any otbar vHristy, Uatrox, J. Ueaysman; loaks, Tomley, Hnwes ; swedes, Hawes, FruiU.— Collection, French, Colbcy; apples, table, Tomley, Calhoy; do., kitcbrn, French, Hawes; pears, table, Arnilt. H.wus; do., kitcben, Colboy, French; lemons, Wilhelm; collection jjrapu*, Wilholm, S. AUister; luincii iio.. AUister, wilhitlm ; plums, Uawes, Allister; collection tomntoes, Tomley, Cilbcy, Wiliielm: dish do., Uawes, Tomley; melon, water, Cnlbe;, Arniic; iio. nwcet, Collwy; peaches, French, AUister; tigs. Wilhelm, French ; almond*. French. Wilhelm ;' exhibit of anv other fruit not iti;lu-Ic.t in for*zoine list, French, Arnilt. Miscellaneous. — Bread, home ? mad« loaf, Toraley, J. Poneous; honey, Frencti, Wilhelm: Imcon, Bitch ami roll, French (2); ssuce, tomato, C. T. Tomloy, G. II. French ; dried fruits, French, A. E. Colboy ; pot-plants in bloom, Colbey(S). R. Wilhelm (2); cut flowers, Colbey (3), Tomley (3), T{. WiHielul (3); bnuquet of flowers, Colbey, Tomley, WUhe'ra. Children's prizes.— Collection cut flowers, J. Port sous, C. T. Tomley, G. II. French. 