TWO OLD FOGIES A Short Story by the Australian Authoress. ADA CAMBRIDGE. Publishsd by special arrangement with ifessrs. Ward, Lock d4 Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS BESERVED.] CHAPTER III. And the old man and the old maid had no luck at all. On Prince of Wales' birth day it simply rained in torrents from morning till night, without stopping once. The flag on the church tower clung like a wet dish-cloth to the staff, from the time it was run up at what should have been sunrise-until it was taken down at dusk. And at dusk the town crier went round with his bell, and announced that the dis play of fireworks was postponed to a future date. It would have been something to have a little tea- party at the parsonage, without the fireworks and the tower. But it was too wet even for that. The old man was depressed and dyspeptic, andtlisidt \--A, l.?- t n i-strhn old fogies were certainly old enough to have known better. But at last it all came right. The town was not to be defrauded of its holiday, and Tuesday, the 15th, was appointed, by advertisement in th local papers, as the day when shops would close, sports be celebrated in the public park, fireworks let off and torchlight procession take place, all as they would have done on the 9th had weather been favourable. And Tuesday was just as perfect a day for the purpose as the previous Wednesday had been the reverse. Mr Paine sent a note to aunt before he had his breakfast. "DEAR MIss RANSOIE,- . "Will you and your young people give us the pleasure of your company to tea to night ? The weather does seem settled at last, and it will be pleasant on the church tower, if you think you can manage the ascent. I am told the fireworks are to be very fine. With our united kindest re gards, " Yours very sincerely, " WILLIa PINE." 1 Aunt hastened to return an answer-by Eve as she went to school. "DEAR MR. PANES,- "Thank you very much for your kind invitation. 'Tell dear Anna that we shall a be delighted to come. We are quite look. d ing forward to our little excursion up the tower, especially in such beautiful weather. k I shall be able to get up quite well, I am' v sure. I have always been fond of fire works, and it will be so nice to see rockets go' up without cricking one's neck. , r 1 - - e-A., .r .,r P:'ie-in at trulyu " ELuZAnIIeu RANSOMIE." The recipient of this note spread it on .he breakfast- table beside his plate of egg .ad bacon, and read it again and again, as a 'if it were some choice bit of literature. a "How would it be," he suggested diffi- d dently, "to ask one of Eve's schoolgirl p friends? She is so much younger than at the rest of us. She might be dull without a companion of her own age to talk to." .a " A good idea," said Anna, graciously. w " I will do so. Then," she thought, "there in will be six of us. Father looking after aunt, and Eve having another child to ps keep her company, Alan and I will have a at chance to talk over our affairs. And the at table will be balanced properly." a She set the table with her own hands at (t half-past five. There was a nice cold fowl,. b aid a tongue, and a veal pie, and delicious h cakes that she had made herself, and a n salad, and a dish of strawberries, with u cream. She was a sparing housekeeper, as t a rule, so that Mr Paine, when he came out it of his room from dressing, was surprised 5 to see so handsome a repast, and his plea- h sure equalled his surprise. Aunt had not had a meal in the house for years, and he Z had been anxious lest Anna should think t "lies of aunt's entertainment than of the u Reeping qualities of food in warm weather. I It was quite warm weather-full summer t -now, and aunt came at six o'clock, in the r prettiest new cr6pon-gown, grey, with a puffy vest of white silk, that gave quite a style to her lttle figure. She had iron grey hair, which had once been black, and her thin, small face was ivory-white; but I her eyes were dark and brilliant still, with \-- -h eression of Toby's- trouble to notice them ? utook the drawn plainly back into a knot o-f rai behind, as an old woman's hair should be; but she had pinned a red rose into the lace at her neck, which was an anachronism, a false note, to Anna's mind. " think, Miss Eansome," said that prudent young lady, "you would have been better advised to put oo an old gown to-night. The tower is a dusty, cobwebby place, and you will spoil that pretty new one. "Oh, no," said aunt, carelessly, patting her hair before the glass in the spare bed- a room. "It won't hurt." "You had better let me lend you an old Sone of mine." Aunt would not hear of such a thing. .She was like poor father, who thought s ndthing of tearing a good cassock on a nail. They went into the drawing-room, which was profusely decked with roses, and al most immediately into the dining-room,r . which was similarly adorned, several vases i of them standing about in the interstices c of the well-filled table. Alan, with a bud a in his button-hole, sat by his hostess, and aunt at Mr Paine's right hand. The two t old folks beamed as they settled themselves f in their chairs ani opened their napkins, but the four young ones were too occupied t with'their own interests to notice it. The a French windows stood wide to the cx quisite light and air, and on the verandah I T''oby lay at full length on his stomach, * with his nose between his paws, keeping an eye cocked upward in the direction of h tunt's face. Now and then she threw him a confidential smile, which set his fringed I tail thumping vigorously. t "You are not eating," remarked the host, breaking off a little story of a quarrel I: in the choir-aunt was so sympathetic and a understanding about thtse things-to note t the condition of her liver wing. "Oh, I am getting on beautifully t It n is a delicious fowl-I am enjoying it so d much," she assured him; and urged hin on with his absorbing narrative. iut the fact was she had the very least sore throat, which somehow seemed to have taken away her appetite. No oneof course, was allowed to suspect this. "And so 1 went to the girl, and told her I wa~ sure Miss Lomax had not intended b to insult her, and begged her to take the t aolo, since there was no one else able to sing it; and I had a talk with limss Lomax u to try and persuade her to explain. But n they would neither of them listen to me. s0 Each said she would never come into the b choir again while the other belonged to it. it ISo they are both staying away-which s means that we have not a reliable soprano 3 at all. The others will not open thtii mouths without someone to lead theun and Anna cannot do everything." "It is too bad," said aunt warmly, "th;ts you should be worried with those petty" squabbles, when you have so much else, a, many more important things to think ol It is a pity I am not a young girl, with good treble voice." "Yes-no, no, I don't mean yes. It would be a pity if you were anything but juinst what you are. Do let me take your plate and give you some pie. Some straw berries, then ? Anna, Miss Ransoms's cup is empty." "I beg your pardon, Miss Ransoms," said Anna, with a start. She was forget ting her duties for the moment in a semi private discussion with Alan on the great subject of individual responsibility. The pair of schoolgirls were chattering across the table about the affairs of their school, their approaching examinations, the holi days, the matric., and so on. It was a most successful tea-party. After tea, it being still broad daylight, the children sat down to a game of tiddledly.winks, to pass the time until it was dark enough for the fireworks. Tiddledy-winks looks a silly game to those who do not play it, but to those who do it becomes strangely fascinating; so that even after the lamps were lighted it was difficult to make these players leave ofi. Anna took Alan for a stroll round the garden, but before she did so gave proper heed to the' question of what was to be done for aunt. " I think, father," she said, " that Miss Ransomeought not to goup the tower in the dark, for the first time. If you were to take her now, while it is still daylight, and make her go gently and take plenty of time, she would not be nearly so nervous. Al-Mr Ransome would see after us." "That is a good idea," cried Mr Paine. "Come, Miss Eansome, we will lead the expedition. What wraps have you?" Aunt's little mantle was fetched, and declared to be inadequate. Mr Paine in sisted'on an old furred jacket and woollen \- -ri?-"yided by his daughter. so Il `0be chilly up there, though it is so mild now;+--- . -,-tnt~ h IJ h careful of that delicate chest. Put on all the warmth you can carry, Miss Ransome. Be on the safe side." "Perhaps I had better," she said, sub mitting meekly to Anna's resolute hands. " I seem to have just a little touch of cold hanging about me from the damp weather." " If I had known that," said Alan menac ingly, "I wouldn't have allowed you to come. I've a great mind to forbid your going up." "Dear boy, it is nothing," she answered ina panic, and hastened out before he could say more. Alan was going to be a doctor, and was beginning to practise on his aunt. She thought it so sweet of him to take such care of her, and to give her pills and potions when she was not well; but to night she preferred to be taken care of by Mr Paine. Luckily, Alan desired her room at that moment, and not her com. pany; so he let her go. Happiness is not the prerogative of youth, whatever the young may think. Those two old fogies, left to their own devices for three-quarters of an hour. were perhaps as happy as they had ever been in their lives. When they had shut them selves into the vestry, and shut out the dutiful children. who loved to keep them in order, they felt young themselves ; and, though they treated each other with a delicate respect that is somewhat out of date, the same light was in their eyes, the same glow in their hearts, as had been kindled in those of the girl and boy now walking round the garden. "This is my new chalice-veil," said the parson eagerly, " that 1 got out from London last mail. I have been wanting to And 5hero*'n tzlsniti5S"e?ý "ta'=Osb.-n-'-2 want you to tell me which of these altar cloths you like best. I must manage some how to get a new one before next Easter, and I have such faith in your tuaste; I am always wishing foryou to consult with and decide for me. Ah, it is too dark to see properly! Put it in your pocket and look at it when you are by yourself at home." This was the sort of thing they talked about. Trumpery, doubtless, to people who are not old fogies, but heart-satisfy. ing to them. The dusk was gathering fast when they passed down the church to the front porch and the ladders, and Mr Paine began to be anxious about aunt's nerves, and she anxious to show him how intrepid (under certain circumstances) she could be. He reproached himself for not having rigged up certain appliances to make the ascent easier, and she skipped up the trembling rungs while he was talking about it, so that his heart came into his mouth. Anna would have been scandalised to see an old lady so conductinig herself had she been there. They reached the top safely, but slowly. The rapid twilight had become night by the time they emerged upon the roof, and when aunt was led to the battlement para pet to look out upon the view for the first time, she cried, " Oh-h-h-h!" in rapture. It was indeed a beautiful picture, well worth the waiting for. There was no rain or mist to spoil it now. The sky was clear of cloud, full of its own deep Australian night color, and thick with stars. Like waves along the horizon rolled the forest covered ranges, all distinct in the trans parent air; Sb*d-. uC valcrt. with here and there a house-light, like a diamond u?sng out of them. The town beneath ay suffused in Rembrandtish glows from| lamps, seen and unseen, and red torches beginning to flare under the new-leafed English trees. The atmosphere was pure and fine to an intoricusing degree, for no factory chimney, no co:al smoke, no mud, no dust, no anything that was unclean, defiled it; it was the atmosphere of the hills and of an early summer night washed in plenteous spring rains and perfumed with the wholesome breath of gum trees and flowers. In short,perfect. Aunt sighed a long sigh once or twice in silence. When she spoke there were tears in her voice. "This makes one feel," she said-and stopped, unable to express herself. "Yes," said her companion, softly. The torches were all lit, and glowed redly down the street like an invisible house burning. Out of the glare the clock-tower of the post-oiffice rose, pallid and unsubstantial, into the upper dark. neess, like something in a lime-lighted transformation scene. Little foreshortened figures, mere ants upon the ground, were moving hither and thither-members of the fire-brigade, in their smart uniforms, arranging the torchlight procession. "I must call the children," said Mr Paine. He went to the trap-door and listened; then he went to the parapet overlooking his own house and grounds, and signalled with a gentle " cooese " over the tree-tops. Presently the young ones, heralded by - the lantern, which was extinguished a' eooc as possible, came scrambling upa laughing and c.alling to one another; and ( ias the last one-Eve-put her head out o - the hole, wlhis)--ssh--h--the first rocket 5 shot into the sky, burst witha little hollow noise like a bursting pea-pod, and rained i down its enchanting stars. y "Those rockets," said Eve to her com. panion, " cost five shillings apiece." " I think it a wicked waste of money," t said Anna. "In these bad times, too," said Alan, sympathetically. 6 But aunt whispered to the grey in " beside her, that she simply loved to looe at a them; and he said, so did he. The procession was formed, and begin its I march round the streets, to the sti'ring music of the town band. They could not p see it for a long time, but saw where it was t by the illumination of the trees above it as a it passed. Every now and then it emitteda a spray of little rockets, that died upon the 0 roofs and roads, and, like great chords in a merry tune, another and another of those soaring big ones, which would have beckoned the souls of spectators like aunt to the infinities they seemed to pierce if Eve had not persisted in stating how much they cost. At last it came flaring and clanging into the street beside the church, ,along by the tree-walled church garden, and round the corner, and past the gate; and just in front of the tower it halted, spread, re-formed, and lit itself up in the most amazing blood-red flame-a wizard light, celestial or infernal, anything but Iearthly, transfiguring the world, " just as BieBiela's comet had run into us," Eve Idnsome said. The grey-white granite of tri tower wall blushed crimson as a rose, aid the faces on the top of it were the i s of angels or ghosts. The church tes glittered, leaf by leaf, like the jewelled aes of fairyland. \"i[ would not," said aunt, in a low tone riapture, "have missed this for any tiam so glad," said Mr Paine, earnestly, "I devotedly glad that it is a fine night. I & so want you to enjoy it." 'hen the red light died out, and the ,dclear, blue darkness came back, with all the quiet hills lying out in it. The pr easion marched back into the town, wiif its Liliputian rabble after it, and wo?e4 its magic in other streets. Four mo geeat rockets-another pound, as so biudr remarked- leaped, hissing, into the ??pvrean, and dropped each its hand ful :colored stars in space. Then all was still, ahd church tower was left alone, and the glt suddenly began to feel cold. I s goer," said Eve, jumping up from whern e lay on the flat of her back along the s p4g leads. "Polly,let's go down and ?danother game of tiddledy-winks." di it led.'Pollt',odw t:, . CII'PT Elb II. Nexl'.?orning aunt awoke with a ver sore tl;<ott. But a maiden aunt is no 1 privileid to be ill on account of so ordinar a comp int as that, and she got up an, a dressedlind pursued the trivial round an commontask as usual. S First e went into her nephew's roce . 'laLc? slimy sponge out of his soap 1 hand-bas, and his towel-very wet-frot the floor ,here he had flung it, on top o his pyjali trousers. Also she remove. his hair-lush, which he had plunged int the ewer efore using, from the.book-th I good, ne wedical book-on which he ha( left it, fa? downwards, to drain. Thong] she had tought him up, she had nave been ablelo make him keep his thing tidy-nor 've either. She, too, liked te throw her ight-gown on the floor, anu Saunything wi that might be handy upon it or upon t ed. She would never han, up frock or: ;ket by its loops, nor upon knobbed ho if there happened to be sharp-ended' no available. She woulk never wear: r " sets" in rotation, bul always toosk garment that came firsi out of the awer; and she forgot to change her . ngs on the right days, and to put them - o the wash when they were changed. A?' she never brushed her teeth when s could help it, nor thought it necessary t do more to her hair than have it superd ally smooth for meal-times. Aunt did ?no lame them, for they had had a slttay mother. She just did their tidying yr them. This, of course, was worrying .ork at times, and worry tells upon you n you are not well. To day, somehow, 1e did not feel as if she coul3 stand toouch of it. Goin into niece's room, before de scending to h kfast, she found Eve dressed in the g i ite frock she had taken off last nigh no means a frock to go off last ight-. in. She was ordered at to morning schow once to change aid Eve mutinouly, " and " It's cool," hot ones. Besides, it's all my others aý,.Lttr ." and will l se time for afternoons. Take it off my dps' when I tell you." E?e pulled it ote? estuously, dashing about the room. She had a writing- table of her own-a birthday present from aunt -and on it stood the travelling ink bottle, which she persisted in using rather than the solid vessel that had been provided for her. The two halves of the travelling ink bottle were nearly equally heavy, and she mostly left it open. it was open now, and as she ill- temperedly flung herself about she knocked it over, and the ink streamed across the pretty table-cloth. She has tened to mop it up with one of her b st cambric pocket-handkerchiefs. " Oh, Eve! oe !" wailed aunt. "When shall I teach you sense ?" " I'm awfully sorry-1 didn't mean to do it," pleaded Eve. " Don't be cross, there's an old dear. It's all right now. And I'll put my old fre±k on, though it is such a fearfully hot day. ' "I will try to get your new print linished, darlit;," said aunt, appeased. Eve took of the too-smart white dress, and stood in the colored petticoat which had been shoving through. On the breast df the pettiest was a large, dark patch. Aunt saw it, ad touched it; it was sopping wet. "Well, ant, there was a slug got up stairs and rawled over my clothes in the night. I aly saw the slimy mark where it had been'rter I had put on my petticoat, and I justook a sponge and cleaned it." " Child;ake it off directly-take every thing off. You will catch your death !" " I ca:t, aunt dear. I haven't got another etticoat. It's in the soiled clothes'eket. I forgot to put it in the wash. `ad the other one is slit all down the fron" " Givit to me to mend," said aunt, in a voice ofespair. The tbubles of the day came thick and fast, .1 before noon the little woman broke >wn under them. Alan, hunting for bistits to stay his stomach until din ner-tie, found her crying in the pantry, wherehe was trying to fill a glass jug from, a empty filter. " F10o, old woman, what's the matter ?" he ciil, affectionately concerned. "Dl you ever see :uch a sminx as Saral'" moaned aunt bitterly. " You woul think she did it on purpose. Eamly again-and in this weather! And I h?ie just found the big kettle cracked rigl across the bottom! She left it to go dry.n the fire, and when it was red-hot potud cold water into it." Ant dropped her head on her nephew's stabart arm, and sobbed aloud. Is put the arm round her. " Here, you arc not going to cry about a rubbishy ~ig like that, surely ? Give me that jug -'ll fill it at the bank filter. Why, yo.'re all of a tremble! And how hot yar hand is!" He grasped the little had, and laid his large, cool fingers on P1 flurried pulse. "Aunt, you're ill lt's what's the matter with you-not htttles and filters. Come along and sit , dwn and tell me how you feel. It's that leastly tower business, I expect. I just hought you'd catch cold, exposed so long :o the night air. "I had it before, darling. I could not have caught it there, wrapped up as I was -so well tiaken care of." He took her to the family sitting-room, and there looked at her tongue, listened to her breathing-which was decidedly heavy -and put a clinical thermometer into her mouth. Temperature 1010. " You go straight off to bed, old lady," le said sternly. "That's the place for You "' "I can't, dear boy. I must get Eve's print frock finished. Now that the wean ther has turned hot, she has nothing to wear." " Off to bed," he repeated, with the in lexible air of the professional adviser. " fyou don't go of your own accord, I shall call the Governor to make you. I shall send for a doctor whom you won't like half as well as you do me." Aunt went to bed, and Eve put on a poultice-in a great hurry-before going to afternoon school, and Alan administered a dose from a bottle he had procured at the chemist's. Then the patient was ordered to go to sleep, and no one thought n anything more about her until tea-time. o The boy went to the club tennis- ground, .o and the girl, on her return from school, it practised exercises on the piano. Aunt, if propping herself on pillows, and with her h work-basket beside her, sewed at the print d frock all the afternoon, and finished it. 1, She was accustomed to a cup of tea at 1, four o'clock, and to-day pined for it des perately, choked with the scorching thirst I, of a fever now at 1030. She heard the e rattle of the tray as Sarah carried it to the d sitting-room, and trembled with suspense it as Eve strummed on and on, regardless of s its arrival. After five minutes' waiting, e aunt called aloud; she waited, weeping a ,f little, and called again; but she was too s, far off for her voice to be heard, and she e bad no bell. At last, in desperation, she b got out of bed and went down the passage d in her nightgown-a thing strictly for bidden by her medical man. Eve heard e her then, and came flying to scold her for disobeying Alan's orders. " You bad old woman ! What's the use I, of doctoring you, when you undo it all like t. this ?" "I want my tea, love; and I want it e hot," said poor aunt. h "All right. I thought you were asleep. o Get to bed, and I'll bring it to you." A, Aunt retreated to her room, and Eve d brought the tea. But now it was tepid and r nasty, the milk a brown scum upon the s top-no comfort at all. However, aunt o bore the disappointment, rather than L trouble Sarah and Eve to make a fresh a cup, since they did not volunteer to do so. d She drank the wretched stuff, while her niece eagerly turned about the print frock a and urged her to finish it if she could, so g that it might be put on in the morning. a When the girl had gone, having been called for to take a walk with a school friend, the little hot hands sewed on des perately until their job was done. Then aunt got out of bed again to put away her y we k-basket, lest Alan should suspect what .t she had been doing and scold her; and, y returning, lay down in the pensive dusk to d realise how solitary she was, and how d much more ill she felt than she had done in the morning. " Oh, how happy they are >, that have their own dear husbands to take y care of them !" she thought, with her a handkerchief at her fevered eyes. ,f However, she was not without some one d to care for her. In the evening, when the o family were making merry with a casual e guest over a game of cards, and Sarah was I talking to her young man at the yard door, a a shrinking, slinking form came gliding r through the passages and up the stairs and a straight into the darkened room. Toby s seemed to have foreboded that aunt was 1 ill, and felt impelled to come and see, the reason of which unusual solicitude on the part of a dog for a person not belonging to his own hcusehold being due to his a instinctive knowledge that she ought to I have belonged to it, and virtually did t so. He laid his damp nose on the edge of the mattress and whimpered under his breath, begging her to reassure him. Then, I after standing still for a long time, while she embraced his head and let him lick her face as much as he liked, he stealthily climbed upon the bed and stretched him self at full length beside her. He was full of fleas, but she did not mind that now. They lay there together in silent sympathy until Mr Ransome, learning that his sister was not well, came to ask her how she felt, on his way to bed. Then Toby was kicked downstairs and was bundled out into the street. All next day Mr Paine kept audibly wondering what on earth was the matter with that dog. Toby left the house, and came back, whining and restless; left it again, and returned in the same perturbed condition, as if vainly looking for some thing. " What is it, old dog? What is it. then?" he demanded cheerily. slaepping Tobs'n n'do,. once and made little rcans to the door. " Do you want me to take you for a walk, old fellow ? Very well, let us go for a walk." Mr Paine went to get his-hat and stick, and Toby shrieked with eager ness. So the object of his desire seemed understood. The parson, who was an inveterate gos sip, stopped a few parishioners in the street; then he remembered that he had something to say to his treasurer about a Church meeting, and called at dir Ransome's bank. The manager was at home, but seemed less interested in Church matters than usual. "I hope," said Mr Paine, "that your family are all well." " Thank you," said Mr Ransome, " they are, with the exception of my sister, who has managed to pick up a nasty sort of feverish cold." " 1 am sorry for that. She is not seriously indisposed, I trust ?" "I trust not," said iMr Ransoms. " For the house all seems to go to pieces when she is laid up. He said no more, and Mr Paine, feeling that he was not wanted particularly, got up to go. " Here, Toby ! Toby !" he called. " Where is that dog of mine off to ?" "I daresay he is in my sister's room," said the banker, with wonderful toleration, for he hlad been heard to threaten that he would shoot Toby some day, " You might leave him, if you don't mind. It amuses her to have him." "Certainly," said dIr Paine, "if he is not a nuisance. Give her my kind regards, and tell her I hope she will soon be herself again." That evening, when he was in his study, looking up a subject for Sunday's sermon, Toby came and clawed at the door, and whined more urgently than over. "Ho can't want a walk now," thought the parson, annoyed by the disturbance; "and if he goes on like this, he will have to be punished. Qiilet, sir!" he thundered. ThenToby gave up asking him tocomeand help poor aunt in her extremity, and went back to do what he could for her by him self. He found the bank shut up, and lay on its street doorstep till morning. In the morning the town rang with the news that aunt was in a critical state witll inflammation of the lungs. The veriest nobody becomes a somebody under these circumstances. dIr Paine, breakfastless, was rushing off to make enquiries, when aii note was put into his hand. "Mr poor aunt has had a very bad night;, and the doctor seems to consider her case a serious one. Father thinks it would be a comfort to her to see a clergy man, so will you kindly come round to day, if quite convenient? 'I lhy are trying to get her to sleep now, so perhaps you hIad better not call until after dinner. " Yours sincerely, " EvE RANSOs1E.' Mir Paine called four times, but it was not until late in the afternoon that he was let in, though his deaughter had been assis tant nurse all day. It was Anna who with. held, and then gave permission to admit him, and who gratvely escorted him to aunt's room. " She is a httle better now," said the young clergywoman, in her business-like way. "' but it will not last. You had better urge her to take the sacrament while she can. I suggested it for this afternoon, and thalt we should join, but she seems to wish to see you alone first. I am afraid she does not realise how short her time is likely to be." The clergyman, leaving behind himu his prayer-book for the sick, and all concern for the viaticum to which Anna attached so much importance, crept into aunt's room. What a change, in three days, froms that happy, happy night! She had just rallied from a sort of half-drowned state, out of seas of stupefying pain and narcotic insensibility, and she smiled at him wist fully with her heavy, dark eyes. But death was in her face. He saw it the moment he looked at her, and she knew that he saw it. Hle sat down in the chair by the bed-on tie far side of her laiy Toby, looking from one to the other wisth solemn satisfaction \--nand he took horpoor hand in his, and wept over it and kissed it. It was the first lover's kiss that aunt had over had. " Lock the door," she whispered, pant ing. He stumbled across the room, blind with tears, and turned the key in the lock. Going back to her, he dropped on his knees, put one arm under the pillow and the other over her laboring little breast, and kissed her again-on the lips this time. She kissed him back, moaning, with shut eyes, holding him to her as well as she could with hands so fast losing their power to hold anything. Toby gently stretched foeeward from where he lay be side them, and licked the two grey heads. " I have chosen the altar-cloth," gasped aunt, when she was able to speak. " Num ber fifty-two-the Latin cross-with the three stars -on the super-frontal-in silk velvet-the best--" "Oh, my dear," he groaned, "don't mind those trifles now !" " Yes. You must get it-for Easter. I want a lawyer-to come and make a codi cil. I want to leave--the money to buy it -number fifty.two. Then-when you go -into the church-and see it-you will remember me." "Oh, my God! As if I shall need any thing to remember you by 1" A bursting sob broke from him, hushed down quickly, lest the people in the house should hear. Aunt's fac screwed up for a moment, and two tears rolled down. Toby rose to his feet in alarm, and sniffed and whined. " Don't-daling !" breathed aunt. " Oh, I never knew-I never thought-that you cared like that!" " Didn't you? You must have knowh. But the children, dear-the children----" " They would never have allowed it," sighed aunt. " I might have had you all this time to take care of, to nurse--" " And I could have been such a comfort to you-William --" " Elizabeth! Oh, what a different life! What a home--" "'But the children -wouldn't let us. They would have said-we were mad. They would never-never have allowed it. William." " And now--now we have lost the chance !" " Yes -no, not quite. This has been our chance. Kiss me, William. Oh, Wil liam! I never thought-to call you Wil liam-to have you kiss me-William--" "Oh, Elizabeth ! Elizabeth!" Toby whined again, begging them to command themselves. But they could not. Anna looked at the clock in the sitting. room about this time. " Father must have finished his prayers and reading by now," she said. " I must take her some nourish ment." She took it, and firmly administered it. IMr Paine witnessed the operation in mute anguish, hovering between the bed and the door, while the patient did her best to show him that she could swallow still. Then he was ordered to go home and do his sermon. For it was Friday night. On Sunday night she died, while he was preaching a sermon that was several years old. And, of course, he had not been allowed to nurse her in her last hours, though Toby was privileged to stay by her nearly all the time. Toby would have been turned out often, but whenever he sa:w a chance of that happening he got under the bed, and so evaded notice. He also learned that he must not open his mouth, though his heart should burst with grief ; so he lay and watched in passive patience, or with pricked ears and quivering nose, until his friend ceased to see he was there, ceased to respond to his surreptitious licks, ceased to be visible to his yearning eyes. Then he did lament most dismally. They overlooked him, lying under the bed, when they left her in a long box with a shoot over it, hidden in a nest of cut paper frill ; and the noise he madeo .vo Sarah sleep in the liouso tillitho'corpse i?as'out of it. A corpse that a dog howled over in that fashion wm,s something out of nature, she said. They tied Toby up with a strong chain all Monday, so that he might not disturb the funeral. The weather changed on Monday-in that sudden way that is peculiar to Aus tralian weather-from summer to winter, in a night. And the hundreds of mourners that "followed," in cabs and buggies, and on horseback and on foot, after the kindly Australian custom, felt an unusual grey dreariness in the familiar function, and were glad to get it over and get back to the warm precincts of home and the public house. By four o'clock - twenty hours from the time when she had belonged to the living world-poor aunt was in her grave, with the raw earth heaped above her; and the gates of the cemetery were shut, and not a soul within them. But one came back. Mr Paine, having gone through the ordeal of getting his tea, I could no longer endure the proximity of his daughter, with her untimely questions and advice. On a pretext of parochial business, he went out while it was still daylight, and took Toby off the chain to go with him. The dog sprang forward, wag ging an expectant tail, as if there were still hopes that aunt might be somewhere whence she could be brought back. But when he stood beside her grave, and seaw how his master looked at it, he seemed to understand what had been done that day, though he had not been to the funeral. He lifted up his nose and howled on a long note; then he fell upon the new-made mound, and began to rake away the earth with his fore-paws. "No use, Toby!" said his weeping master. And he stopped the dog's pro ceedings, replacing the scattered mould with his hands, and puatting it smooth. Dogs were not allowed in the cemetery, by order of the trustees, but the print of Toby's body was discernible upon that mound as long as the soil was loose enough to take it. The caretaker laid wait with his gun for the desecrating beast, until the matter was explained to him. Then he and the trustees gave Toby the freedom of the city-that city of the dead. The Ransomes wanted to buy him, for aunt's sake, and the enticements of pats and bones were offered from many other qtuarters. But a dog like Tobyis not to be bought, though men and women are. He stuck to his fellow-mourner, making more of him than he had ever done, seeing a new need for his devotion - a double need. The parish did not see it, but Toby saw it -the change that the 20th of November had worked in William Paine. The child ren might call him an old man now, for he was an old man. But he had not been old before. [Ten Eu.] 