-\T T T -r TC, r \---T t - I -c I TA88 "S tR'S "D'AU~t4'ERJ By Harold H. Mackenzie [COPYIGHT RESERVED.] \---CnTno XVI.. (Co.rrsen). He know Miss Borthwick and Murtel to be fast friends, but whether he could make a contidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making some re mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball-room agais. After what Eric had heard, he felt there and then an inclination to seek the open air; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirling be fore him. The music seemed to shout at him like esome mocking thing ;theiaces, flowers, and everything, in tact, that gave life to the scene, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the first thought that occurred to him, but this he'felt might bring himnt into notice. No, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his mind. As these reflections were coursing ewiftly through his mind, he caught sight of Miss Manton. "Are you dancing this 1" he said, hur riedly. "No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, have you seen a ghost 1'" Without a word, he gave her his arm, and led her far away to the corner of an apartment which had been tastefully de corated with flowers. "Here we can talk:in peace," he said. "My worst apprehensions are fulfilled if Miss Borthwtck's statement proves true. Everything has been in vain. " Well, tell me quickly," exclaimed Miss Manton. "It's too horrible to think of. MIuriel Grey is to marry another. God help the cursed woman who penned that letter." His voice became thick as he uttered the words, and Miss Manton seeing his emotion gently placed her hand on his sleeve saying, "Do not believe all till you have such proof al may convince you. Much as I believe Miss Borthwick to be a truthful girl there may yet be something to alter circumstances." -" You were ever hopeful," said Erie, "but she has convinced me. Why, she heard it from Murial's own lips in Lon. don." Further discussion of the subject was useless just then, strive as Mliss Manton did to bring balm to his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quite alone for the present, so when her partner came to claim his dance she arose, and with a gentle word of reassurance went out into the bright light of the ball room. Erie never stirred the live long evening from where he had thrown himself. The music came and went as some tireless thing laughing at his misery. The flowers around him were drooping and dead fromnt the heat of the rooms, and his soul within him felt no less weary. The one overwhelming grief of his life had as completely stunned him as the fall which he had received in the Squatters' Cup. On the dawn of the next day Ie made preparations for his return to Timboora. He could no longer stand thie thoughts of races, dances, or anything else, and wanted to be quite alone. Alone with his thoughts, which, distracting as they were, seemted easier to bear than when mixing with a throng of pleasure-loving people. As he rode slowly along on his way to ,he station, never did weary wanderer returning from the -iardsltips-aud -perils of campaign appear more completely broken down. Now that strength had returned, and life seemed pleasant for him again another blow had befallen him. Revenge was beginning to rise in his proud nature fotar the first time. He could have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even had Muriel once more been restored to him. But now that this last g!eam of hope seemed to be fading in the distance Ihe cried aloud for vengeance, at all events, that he should stand before Muriel a guiltless and honorable man, that she should hear from his own lips what vile hand had torn their love asunder. "Would it be too late-too late to stay her marriage ?" "Why do I ask myself this 1" he mut \- tered.- "N Xethi:g that I :.: d :.will-pro-. vent it. She loves another." Tears coursed fast down his cheeks, like any woman's. CHAPTER XVII. THE CATASTROPHE AT MIAP?E BRIDGE. The news of Mlalcolm's engagement with Muriel had been given out to the world. Tire Society Journals had finished slandering the baronet's son, and were rather inclined to regard his future in a more hopeful tone. Wild reports had been circulated re garding the wealth of the young Australienne, who was to be the future Lady Soebold, which causad much annoy ance to Duncan Grey. lie hated any thing of the kind, and flatly denied the report whenever lIe had an opportunity, and threatened to thrash the editor of a certain paper if he did not imrmediatoly cease publishing falsehoods. Now that everything had been arranged regarding the future of Muriel, and the son-in-law elect, Duncan saw no reason aty there should be any immediate •'oessity for returning to Australia. He liked to think, although Muriel must be taken from him in one sense, that a few hours by rail would bring them together again. The thoughts of living in' Australia, whilst sire and her husband were in Eng land, did not at all meet with his views, and for this reasom hIe took a lease for twelve months of a line estate iti Stiffolk, where he could amuse himself with thie gun and have Malcolm and Muriel to stay with hitu occasionally. Mrs. Grey, at first, thought that pro longing their stay in England was rather injudicious, seeing that Duncan had busi ncss in Australia. "Why, Violet," he said, "you seerm more conterned about the place than I am mysrlf. Tire seasons are good now, and there is no cause fur fear, otherwiss I should be off by the next steamer." The estate which Duncan had leased was one cf those splendid shooting pro perties thieh entailed a large amount of expenditure to keep it up in any sort of style approaching tis deserts. The owner, a young earl, who had come to grief on the turf, never resided there, for thegood reason that he was unabh, to afitrd it. His entrai inicrmi was so cut down, what with ar- ricultural depression and hiigh interett to o paid on the existing merrtria,, river the property, that to have atterrrret to do aso wuld have hastened his run. Tie voune near had o.ound a good tenant in Duncan Grey, who took a pride in the place, though the tatter knew that any improvements carried out would not be for his own benefit hereafter. "I hate to see a place like this going to the dogs," he would say, as he rode round with a friend. And much good had he done during his short sajourr. among the tenantry, who looked up to him with reverence and roesoect. Tho house was an immense one, stand ing on the highest part of the estate/from the tower of which,- formiles--around, a glorious view of the country could be ob tained. From the pleasure grounds immediately surroundling the house sloped away the shrubberies, once shamefully neglected, but nowtlhatDulncan hadcomeon the scene, extra gardeners were employed to keep them in perfect order. The tennis-cocrts, flower-beds and hot-houses were Mrs. Grey's especial delight, and visitors to "Lambton" who knew them in their former days of neglect were loud in their praises of them now. For miles around woods, stocked with game, gave splendid shooting, and Duu can, who was an ardent upholder of this class of sport, revelled in the delights of tramping through turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot comrner bringing "rocketers" to earth. In the beginningof October the Greys had taken up their residence, where Mal colm had followed them shortly after wards. Tihe coo.-de-grace which Lottio fondly imagined she had given Muriel in regard to her love for Malcolm had signally failed. Immediately on receipt of Muriel's note he had hurried to Havre and explained matters, telling her that Lottie's story was a vile calumny merely to extort money. In her innocence and love for Malcolm, she was ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and muclhto-be-pitied man. How to conciliate, or rather get rid of Lottie, was a task which proved no easy one for Mal colm on hearing that she had firmly de clined to leave. His temptations of large sums of money were merely ridiculed by htier. "As if I am to be bought out and cast adrift by your bribery. No, meon clr, you will live to repent your work and will see some day that a woman can strike, and bard too." This was the last time he had ever' listened to her. His temper rose to an' ungovernable height, whence, hurling at her all the epithets his tongue could find, he gave her a cheque sufficient to cover immediate wants and left her for ever. As she slowly raised the paper lying before her, she smiled that smile of triumph which so often was seen on her lips. "As if he can escape me," she said to herself. "I will let him marry; Oh yes! we women do not spoil sport, and then my turn comes." Lottio soon after returned to Paris, where she had taken apartments for the winter. She made no secret of her whereabouts, though she did not care to be so much en ,rrdence since her desertion by Malcolm. When she saw, one day, that the marriage was to take place early in November, a slight flush tinged her cheeks as she laid aside the paper. Silence was heronlychancenowof making htier successful in the end, and this she knew well how to preserve. Like a snake in the grass she lay hid, awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's days were one long dream of bliss. He loved Muriel with all his soul, and was her slave entirely, granting everything that was in his power, to make her life if anything still happier.- " IIow often I recall the day of that horrid woman's visit," she said to Maleolm as they wandered through the gardens one morning. "My love, why trouble yourself about these silly ideas when all is over ? True, it-was -a-fiendish story-to- invent,_ bhat where is theoman who is safe fromnthe tongues of slanderers? That woman is one of the most notorious of her kind in London or Paris, and has many times be fore practised the same game." "Oh, Mnalcolm darling, I am so thank ful to think that she left me when she did. The remembrance of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fade from my memory. Even now in my sleep I sometimes awake with a start and imagine she is looking down at me with those cruel eyes. How they shone ! I shall never forget them." " 'My poor Muriel, it was indeed a terrible ordeal to go through. Do you know, too, that the woman was actually in the gardens watching us that morn ing. hYes that was how she found out, and then directly my back was turned she seized the opportunity of telling her lies, and thought to obtain money from you." "As it was," said 'Muriel, "she took those lovely sapphires you gave me." "No matter, better she should have those than have injured a hair of your head; besides, what are bushels of sapphires beside my sweet Muriel." Here he bent down and softly touched her forehead with his lips. "Ah ! will this great happiness always go on, go on for ever? Dearest Malcolm, I wish for no other heaven than this. For you always to be with me, and when death takes one, for the other to be taken too." " Come, Muriel darling, do not grow sad over our love, remember we have our duties in life to performni though we are to be man and wife. We cannot quite shut ourselves up from the world, or what would it say of us?" " I suppose it would call us selfish," said Muriel, " but lovers are selfish at first, and it seems only natural." The pheasant shooting had now begun in real earnest, as each morning a party of beaters were sent before the guns to search the woods for game. Malcolm was a good shot, and for this reason was always given a busy corner in the drive, where, as the bronze-winged birds sailed above his head with a loud whlir-r-r-r, lihe seldom failed in bringing them to his feet.- - . - - Muriel would often accompany the shooters in thick boots and short gown, when her marchl through turnip fields or: even through ploughed ones would prove her to be as energetic as the rest. "I like shooting for its surroundings and not actually for the sake of killing," she said, as they sat at luncheon one day. "Now how much nicer this is than having lunciheon indoors." " Well, for my part," said Duncan, " I would prefer luncheon inside. I can't say I am particularly fond of beetles crawling about me, and a risk of swallow ing a wasp in the claret." "Papa, you haven't a scrap of romance in you, and see nothing beautiful in nature; why, this very tree we are seated under is a study in itself. How can it be compared to those ugly gum-trees we have been living amongst all our lives ? Sometimes when I look back on the years in Australia I think it so much time wasted." "You little traitor," exclaimed Malcolm, why, only a few months ago you would not hear a word said against the place, and now you run it dwaw Wt:loesaic. " Yes, I admit such was the case, out that is the way with all Australians, until they learn better. When first they come to England they hate everything and see no blauty in anything. London looks us;ly and black, and as a rule they have fuw friends to visit, consequently they are dependent for amusement entirely upon themselves. They son r.grow tired of it, and are glad to return." " But that wasn't your case, Muriel," said her father, "you had a hundred eople who wero ready to make life plea - sant for you, .an! oneI-- -am-thankful-ta say, has succeeded." Duncan here raised his glass with a know:ng wink at Malcolm. " Oh! I am not talking about myself you are so personal, pa:pa." She blushed a little and looked away. Those were happy days in the Eastern County as Muriel wandered throughl tne golden-colored woods, which would sooii be hard and chill with the frosts and snows of winter. Scarce a month re mained from the time when she would become Malcolm's wife, and though so short a spce,-an 'inbiddcen-tlhghtEAtwoul steal into her heart as she lay awake in the silent hours of the night wondlering If anything would come to check their Muriel had believed every word of Eric's letter which had been received stating Mrs. Fordvce's villainy, and, although regarding Eric in the light of a true and honorable man, hoped that be would not now come to disturb her other and deeper love. She had loved Erie once, but thus she reasoned with her. self. "I knew nothing at the time.. I as a mere child. I never knew what reallove was until I met Malcolm." Sheio could not feel grateful for what Mrs. Fordyce had done, and yet, withini herself, there was a secret feeling of self congratulation in having had removed, from her path that one person. who de-,. barred her from marrying Malcolm. What Eric's thoughts were ol the matter she hardly liked to think about. She knew what a large and unselfish heart he had, and how dreadful a blow her marriage with another would cause him. "But I do not love him, and life would never be happy for him, or for me either. I cannot write to tell him I am engaged. But he will know that soon enough. It is, indeed, a hard thing to be situated as I am, and no one can advise me." These were some of the thoughts that would keep her for hounrs tossing :on her pillows. She thought that when once the marriago- vwa--ier-notli?hg-culd matter then. Eric might come to Eng. land if he liked, but all talk about her previsus love for him would be a mere waste of time. Muriel still felt that there was one thorn in her bed of roses which might at any time make its presene felt-that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes Muriel would,complain to Mgalcohn about leaving her, perhaps on wet days, to sit over the; fire whilst the shooters were after the part. ridgeas. "It's all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving ns women at home. But you have no idea how bored we get with one another's society." Mrs. Grey had asked several young Indies with their mothers to iniake up thi' number at dinner of an eveniing, but Muriel, beyond making herself just ordinarily agrecable, never cared to be long in their company. In fact, swhen Malcolm was away from her the world appeared as a blank. \- "VWell-lot-us drive to-day, Muriel,"-he said one morning, finding her in a dis contented frame of mind,-and accordingly it was agreed upon. . : , Very many tities afterwards he would order the phmeton with its; thoorughbred chestnuts, which spanked along the quiet highways with no nmore thought of the weight of the carriage' behind theum than had it been a child's. "I'll keep 'no rubbish in my stables," Duncan would say, on showing hiseqoine, collection to a friend, which was very true. And his horses, whether for saddle or harness, were perfect of their kind, niid Duncan- loved them-as4f-they wero-his_ own children. " My conscience, how they're pulling. My arms are aching despite that severe curb on Mafarmion," said Malcolm, as they traversed the road which led from 'Lamsb. ton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. "Have we much business in tho bhest ling city to-day I" exclaimed M1lcolmn, satirising the place which" loomed Dullington bore out its name to the letter. Its grass-grown streets; wide and long enough for armies to be marched through them without breakingline, wore the same appearance every day of the week, except Saturday, on which day market was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows month after month, despite the rapid changes of fashion, which, in this nineteenoth cen tury we are so accustomed to. Well, of all the holes !" exclaimed Malcolm, drawinn up his horsl, with a scrooping noise against the curb, "this is about the dullest that I've ever been inl." " You have always some disparaging remark to make about places or people." said Muriel, preparing to alight. " It's the same everywhere except in your he loved London. Now there is plenty of historical association, even in this hole as you call it." " Whilst I am choosing a carpetsuppomc you go and inspect that tea-service in the Museum which Queen Elizabeth is said to have used on a visit here." " Haug Elizabeth, what do I care abhout the woman or the tea- service." Malcolm almost bawled this last remark out, so that several of the passers-by, looked 1o. The sight of the trap. horses, and occupants, was a general object of ad miration as it bowled along through tihe quiet streets, making them echo again with its clanking pole-cliaitus aind clatter of hoofs. " How nice we look in the shop windows," said Muriel. "Well, don't be all day admiring your self. Jump down and order yeour carpet sanid I'll drive round to the Club." Muriel in a second had sprung lightly to earth, whilst Malcolm, givting his horses a touch, rumbled up the main street to what was generally known as the Club, remarkable chietly for had cookinet, inferior liquors, worn-out furniture, and members whoso subscriptions were long over-due. (To be continued.) "WHAT garment is this, Maria'" asksa young husband. "It is a shirt, Arthur. I made it all myself as a surprise for yd." . "How good you are, darling I" said the husband, tenderly. 'sCan you think I'll ever soil that beautiful shirt be wearing it? Never I shall keep it and cherishit forever. I wouldn't wear that shirt down townt dear, for a whole yar'sesalary.,"' 