FROM THE UNSEEN WORLD. "A nice time of it you college dons hnvel I observed enviously, looklug round tlio oakquiiudlctl room. I Imd eoinc up to spend u dny or two With Itintoul nt Trinity. We imd boon chums since our undergniduiite days, and he hud stayctl on, first an Fellow and Tutor of his college, and next us n univci-slty professor. "It's a pleasant life enough," admit ted Hiutoul. The dluuer party he bad given in my honor was over, and the last guest had departed. TheVnndles had burut low In thelf sconces, atid the corners of the room lay in deep slutdow. A weird Ja panese Idol was dimly visible beside a carven bookcase, ovpr which hung a magnificent rajMHisse brass shield. Itin toul had Hlitlqunrlnn lastes, nud itululg- ed them to the uttermost. 'Jim ftm- hers gllmuicred In an ancient Spanish brazier, mid the andirons, of curiously twlsled steel, represented grotesque heads, upheld by strangely contorted IkhIIcs. There was an eerie feeling nbout tlio place,- and I was not. sorry When Itintoul proposal that we should ndjourn to his satictum, which oi>encd out. of the Inrger room. Hero all was warmth and brightness ; two easy chairs were pulbsl up close to tlio lire, and on n writing table 1k»- ldud lay a mass of most disorderly i«i- pers, suggestive of Ittntoul's morning labors. My friend Installed me In the biggest Chair, and drew up the spirit stand. He lit ourpi|K>H, and Kit a while in sociable slleucei There was a meditative look In mutoul's eyes; he lay back, watching tlm vortex rings of blue smoke vlbmt- iug upwind one by one ere they dlsnp- . p eared In dim haze. "It Is n groove, nil the same," ho re marked suddenly. I anilled. lie had not lost his old ha bit of recurring to the last remark but ten. "Life here, I mean," ho continued. "Xo doubt we're very high-minded and superior; hut wo got Into a rut-mid- dried wny of looking nt things; we want shaking up with a few city men, to make us practical. .Shake up a mer chant with a professor of political ero- notuy, for instance, ntul the result will be— "Kxoepllng their nails, and the lips of their tails. , Instead of two cats there weren't any!" 1 quoted with. a laugh. "It won't, do, Ttlntoul: the gulf Is too wide; but .von theorists can help its Trout nfnr, no tlotibl. I'm u.pmettcal man." This trite conclusion I threw In to bal ance the judicious vagueness of my speech, which I dimly felt to Im some what lacking in inenulug. Hut. Itintoul was not listening; lie had apparently gone otT on quite it dif ferent. tack. "Do you believe In ghosts'/" was Ids next iibscrvntlon. I started. The question chimed In tmblensantly with the creeping sensa tions which I bad ex|>ericuced in the other room. "No, I don't," I responded, wltli un- nceessary emphasis. "Tlmt. beastly psychical has done no cud of harm In popularising sjxxiks. Von foci a cold shiver run down your back and see n shadow on the wall, and just at tbnt moment, occurs the death of the grand mother of your next door neighbor. There's something so futile and sense less about It— like the gmnunnr sen tences in Ollondorf." "That kind Is irritating, certainly," assented Itintoul gravely, "lml I don't nee that you have unbounded belief In any that you have nroved If to he any the less n spook. Perhaps you have an milHmiidcd belief in coincidence'/" "Oil. bother!" I sold crossly. "I have not mi uhhounricd Itclicf In anything: let's talk, of something else;. I- was \ never gooft'n-t arguments, titid—I doit'l like ghosts." This was feeble; but Itluloul spurod me, and we did no| pursue t'be subject. He seemed thought fu), and ga/.od ab stractedly Into the tiro. ' I leaiied buck luxuriously, admiring one or two rare etchings tlmt hung over the mantel: .Ulnloul was a connoisseur In such. Suddenly my eye fell upon n drawing In rod clmlk, jnxt opjmslto my friend's chair. 1 recognised Uinloul's touch— they say tlmt he might Imvo made a man In the world of art had ho not chosen to embark on a classical "What n mngnlflcent head," I remark ed, "One doesn't often' meet with a fellow with ti prollle like that. Kline, v, 1 snppose'/" . "No; n portrait done from memory, nut a gootl lilcetiess for nil tlmt. lie .wnk u pupil of mine." Itintoul relapsed Into silence, and the smoke rings curled up as before. The pictured face was tt strangely lit- tetVHtlng one. There was n Imutilliig widiiosH'tilumt it. uti hidclhmble sugges- Hon of promise unfullllled. 1 felt sure tlmt there was » story attached to it. "I'll tell you n bout him. If you like," said my friend ut last., knocking the ashes out of Ids pipe ami laying It on the table. 1 settled myself to listen. "It was nt Kugby I first came nerons him." Itintoul began, "when I was ex amining dowu there for the locals one simmier. The day was very hot, and 1 was sitting with a class thai was In for elementary chemistry. I had taken some papers with me to occupy me. but finished them some time before the ex amination was over, and amused my self by looking round the room ut the boys. Most of them were pegging nway like mad— some writing down nonsense, no doubt. One. however, was muring blankly nlicnd; Ids Hps were moving, and I fancied I caught tin; echo of some kind of rhyme. He had evidently for- gotten some Important point, ami was striving hard to rememlxu' It. He was the ImtidsoiucHl, lad I had even seen; broad, dccp-chestcd, perfectly made, with the thews and shiewN of u young Hercules, and a head— well, you see his face up there. "At last he gave up In despair, ami went (m scribbling until time was up. 'Thethers gave hi their papers - nml trmiped out, but he llngom! behind, and when the Inst had gone, burst out breathb'ssly: " 'I'lensy, sir, docs calcic chloride of' llnrcHce or deliquesce?' "His Impetuosity fairly took uiy breath away. "'Think a moment,' I raid; 'If you've ever experimented, you must have seen .whether It takes In or gives out. water.' "A cloud settled on Ids brow as he murmured: " 'Calcic chloride effloresces. Kodle sulphate deliquesces. Calcic chloride deliquesces.' "'It goes either way,' lie gasped In horror;.'! made a little rhyme to help me remember and I couldn't for the life of mo recollect which way It went— I've made it muddle of the whole thing.' "'My dear fellow, It would have been much Iohh trouble to think llinn to try to remember a parrot rhyme— especially one that acts botir ways!' 1 suggested. " 'That's Just what 1 can't do, be re plied sorrowfully; 'I can learn a thing by heart, but 1 can't tliluk — It Isn't lu nie.' "He looked up at ine, n sad, vague. puzzled expression iu ids eyes, and thou lie turned and left the room. Thiwlnel- dent haunted me for a day or two, but I was busy, and subsequent events soon put It out. of my head. After all It was no unusual thing for a schoolboy to lunke a mess of u chemistry exam." Hiutoul paused ami lilted his pipe again. I did the same, unU we smoked in silence for some time. Then he ¦re sumed: "Throe years Inter I was settled here as n classical tutor. As you know, I had not got my professorship then, hut was couching pupils hi the ordinary way. There was a very large Isitch of freshmen that Octoi>er term, ami according to report, some of those who hail rulloti to my lot were very pro mising. I kid overhauled most of thorn, and was very well pleased with the result. One. however, I had yet to see — Keith, a ltugby fellow; There was a knock at my door one morning a day or two after the beginning of the term, and, to my surprise, in walked my friend of the chemistry exurn. He hud grown mid developed, but was otherwise unchanged, nud he wore the Kime pathetically puzzled expression. He announced himself ns 'Keith.' ami' then started and flushed; I saw he hud rccoguiml me. " 'I remember seeing you at Kugby, I said; 'got over the calcic chloride yet V "Ills color deepened. "'Oh, I was ploughed— I generally "There; was n look of actual pnln on Ids face, and I hjiw that I had touched a tender spot, so 1 made some casual remark, and began to sonud him as to Ids classical acquirements. They were not varied, but fortunately he had settled his preliminaries, and coubl be gin Ills special work at once. I llxcd the hours at which lie was to come to ine, and mnppisl out u plan of lectures which he was to attend. He noted It. all carefully down, nud then departed with a sigh. There was really some thing very curious about Ids air of chronic depression. My old Interest In him awakened, nml I registered n llrin resolve to pall hiin out of the slough of despond If possible. "\Voll, I did my best, but It was of no earthly use. Keith bad summed himself up correctly 'When we llrst met —he simply had no thinking powers; there was some strange want of con nection between the parts of his brain. He had a certain aptitude for learning things parrot-fashion, and, oh, the amount of unnecessary trouble he gave himself! He reminded me of the child who was overheard persistently and diligently repealing to himself, 'A horse lias four legs— a horse has four legs.' That, was just Keith's stylo. At lec tures ho Invariably took down the di gressions with grout- care, omitting the essential parts, and Ids tutseen tmnsbitlons were things of horror. It was uot tlmt. they were grammatically Incorrect—the principles of syntax had apparently been hammered Into 1dm somehow— but they were utterly devoid of style, and frequently of sense. It was like trying to tench an automaton, and I very soon gave up all hope of him. N " 'Why don't you work for n pass?' I snld impatiently one dny, after an hour of more than Imilllug stupidity. "'My father won't hear of It.' he re plied; 'he was n wrangler himself, and siiyfl ,)ip won't allow n sou to lont through a poll degree. He can't grasp the fnct thai I'm no good— never was— never will he ' and his hand went wearily up to his head. " 'I've a good mind to write and sug gest to him that you specialise in ath letics; you ought to enrry off your hlne lit no time,' I wild, with n half-euvlotm glance at the tall, straight llguro. lie only .'sighed again, and went off slowly with his books. "An Incident occurred that afternoon that continued his account of himself. 1 had Im-cii taking a lohg country walk, and was sauntering bnek 'slowly, over the river, when I heard steps behind me. It was Cnffyn, a third-year man; he had his blue, was n very good all- round ftfllouMittd was rather « favorite of mine. This afternoon lie was evK dentiy very much put out: he looked ' tired and cross, and (here -wan a frown upon his brow. "'It's that ass Keith.' he said, apolo getically, as I turned to greet him, 'You should see hhn In n km I; bo's about as much Idea of rowing as n cow, and It's Impossible to tench him. A fellow with that, chest!' and hu gave it dis gusted groan.. '"He'd row a liont Into the middle of next week, If you left, hfm. to himself— lie's imtKcIo enough— but when II. conn's to keeping stroke, he's nowhere.. It's Jiisl fhe way- In playing fennls; ' he'll serve n ball Into the next court but one, and liog- -your pardon while you stand and swear nt him. He's just no kohhu of direction; lie'll lie chucked oilt of bvorythlng'IMie goes on like this.'. " 'Can't yon account for: it in any Wny'/'.I.iiHkud, " "'No; they'wiy lie was just the sumo at 'ltugby— a hopeless,' well-meaning. Impracticable duffer. I more tlmu half believe he's not nil there,' . " , ,\'Wu.hnd reached Trinity, and I gavo a weary sigh as 1 turned into my rooms It was such an unnecessary tragedy— that a fellow who. to nil outward ap pearance, poRsessed every advantage, liud'v.'as full of latent possibilities, should Im; Just it hopeless failure. "Hut Hiieh was the ease; he ' made stupendous efl'orls.but all to no purpose. As thu eiid of Ids third year approached, he grew more than usually dwqMimleut, and begged me to write to his father, askiug that lie might forego tlic exami nation, "'He'll never forgive mo If I'm ploughed.' the lad said, 'and ploughed I shall be,. to a dead certainty. It'll be all right when I get home, If they'll only let nio'nloun; there's a lot to he done on the estate, and I can work under direc tion, ut anything tlmt doesn't need brains. If only I once get away from Mils hateful place!' he ended with a groan, "Tin; most pathetic part of the whole thing was that he realised his own de- feet, and his Inability to overcome it; Ids school and college lire must have hceu one long period of torture, I wrote to his father, putting the matter as deli cately as I could, hut the answer I re ceived proved him to he the worst kind of grcnl Panjandrum, little button and all.. Tho missive was short, and con tained a politely expressed intimation tlmt lie was the best Judge of Ids son's capacity, mid that the said son knew what to expect If he still obsthiutely persisted lu doing his worst. I allowed the letter to Keith: 1 could iu>l well du otherwise, as It was at his request that I bad written. He went tuvay very white, and set Ills lips. "'My father thinks that It's Just oh- stluacy and Idleness on my part,' lie wild; 'he'll never forgive mo If I'm ploughed— end 1 shall Ix; ploughed.' "The fatal day came nt hist. It was a lovely June morning, nud my heart ached for him as hu passed my window on his way to Ids penance. 1 met him after the tlrst paper, however, and he seemed almost hopeful; he had been lucky lu Ids translations, both of which he had met with Iwforo. Hut the next paper floored him utterly, and us llie week wont on. he became reduced to a state of nervous misery that was piti ful to witness, The tripos was over at lust, mid then the results luid to be waited for. When they came out, a few days Inter, I tired hardly say that tho tmitie of Keith did not appear on the list. It was a great blow to mc, though, of course, I hud known that it was in evitable. I avoided the fellow, not feeling able to offer blni any consola tion, mid went for a dny up the river. " 'After all. It's a storni In n teacup, I said to myself, reflectively; 'whin's a tripos, after all? Keith's got the making of a muu in him somewhere, ami this one blow won't floor him. "This I uttered aloud and defiantly,' resting on my oars ns I sculled up uie river; but. somehow 'the words did uot carry conviction. "After leaving my boat, I sauntered home by the Hacks, nud stopped u mo ment by Trinity Krldgc before entering my rooms. It was ati oppressive, air less ulglil: there was scarcely a ripple on the water, and not a leaf was mov ing on the trees. I walked through tho cloisters Into Neville's Court. No one was ntxmt; the college seemed to have adjourned to tlic Great, Court: at all oveuts, there was u good deal of talking and moving about down there. I was tired, nud went straight up.niy stair- ease InLo my largo room— tho one out of tiiis." He indicated the half-open door with his finger. In tho blackness I could Just, discern the gleam of the shield against the wall. He continued : . "As I entered, a sudden rush of cold air made me shiver. I was puzzled to account for It ou Rueli a night, but supposed that my sudden entry must linve caused a draught. To my sur prise the room was not empty; a llgure was standing near the mantel, its head bowed on Its hands. It looked up as I approached, and hi the dim light I re cognised Keith. Ills face was ghastly imle, and Ids lips moved for a moment or two before words shaped themselves. " 'I've come to thniikyou for nil you've done for me. lie Haiti; 1 wonder If I ever could have been any good In tho world— anywhere else/ . "I stretched my hand out, but lie did not seem to see It. "M.v dent follow,' I said, "you have everything before you yet.. It Is sheer folly to take the result, of your cxatti. to much to heart, Your father won't eut yon.' "'It's loo lute,' he repeated, In the same level,. dull, monotonous torn— 'too Into— too hilt;. There was a terrible hunted expression lu his eyes. 1 rea soned, exhorted, pleaded, hut nil to no avail. 'I've had tny last chance, and lost It, he said; 'you've been very good to me, hut I knew it was of no use.' "Ills head went down oil Ids bunds ngnln. A chill, eerie, feeling cnine over me: it was as though I could uol get near him at all; my words seemed to float past him, unheeded and unheard. . 'wu'k ,0 J'mir rooms, and go to I said, at last; 'you arc worn out; 1 11 come round and talk to you to-mor row." , "I moved towards Uie door and he fol lowed me slowly. Wo passed dowu the stair, together, and out Into the cloisters. Hie moon was rising over the river, and as wo stood'there ngalu I felt a breath or ley. wind sweeping round the court. It was very st-mnge. "'I can't understand——' ' I wns begin ning, turning to my companion, when to jay astonishment I found Unit he was no longer at my side. "It was a mystery to mc how lie could have vanished so suddenly. 1 enllinllits name, hut there was no answer. After an Ineffectual search I concluded that he had gone 'hack to his rooms by some mysterious short cut, and, being very wwiry. T turned in. . "The next morning I iiwnkc with a vague fooling that, something unpleasant Imd happened— you know tliescusntlon? 1 was just recalling the events of the night before when Vicars, my gyj), en- tared tile room. '"Was there anything' going on hist night, VlcnrsV' I asked. '1 camedn late and there sebinud to be some excitement outside the dining ball.' "Vicars. looked very grave. '"So 'you haven't heard, sir? he said. 'Young Mr Keith shot himself just be fore the ball— be was stone dead' v/lion thoy found him: the doctor says It must have boon Instantaneous.' "It was two hours later that I bad seen and Rpokeli. with hhn!" . There was a very long silence after n»y friend had finished his tale. I had no .exploitation to offer; such tin .'adven ture wits altogether beyond the llinlls of my experlenre. . "It was,! who broke the news to, his people," said -Jtlntoul at last; "the old man never gof over It— ho died that year. I did hot tell them about my strange ox; perienee; it would Imvo served. no pur pose. Hut one thlng-I am sure of," ho nddrd, ns we- lighted our caudles, and pW'pared for lflnl. "that, poor Knlth lias had another i-lmimo ulnei thiui."— "Household Words." 