• ' quick beating of ills hearfe. He whs al most afraid to turn Ills-head to either side at first, but’ lie shook the fear off, '• and looked around.- ' - t ■ “Confound it!” lie muttered, as be stared abdut, nnd saw nothing. “I must be drunk! It's that port, or too much of that beef at dinner. I did eat a lot of it, I was so hungry after the cold alight air. I'll turn up that lamp a bit, and finish my novel.” Mr Judd, however, did not turn up the lamp’s wick, nor did lie get his novel ; for-directly between bis seat and the long-waisted lamp he saw a shadow something that slowly grew upon his vision,something that made him breathe irregularly and stare and grasp the lea thern arms of his seat. What was it ? A ghost, no doubt, though Mr Judd did not believe in ghosts. But it was a sym metrical ghost, with much promise of being ultimately substantial. Harder Mr Judd stared, and slowly the shadow rounded into human form—rounded and deepened and grew, until there, before him. with the face of an angel, stood— Mrs Judd! ' ■-Now, Mrs Judd had been dead five years. Hers had been a. sweet and lov -able nature—a woman with a beautiful and good face, a nature generous to a fault, and blind to a great many faults in others. She had'been iu this respect the direct antithesis of Mr Judd; and the result had been perpetual dissatis faction on the part of Mr Judd, and on Sirs .Judd's a sweet forbearance that had proved very irritating to her hus band, though she did not knowit. The two boys she left behind’seemed broken hearted, and eveu Mr Judd was sorry— for a while. But he got over it, and packed the lads off to boarding school, and then plunged into business with great zeal. ' Ana now here was Mrs .imkl come again—Mrs Judd seemingly in the liesli, jet spiritualised—an angel, Mr Judd could see at a glance. “Well, Nathaniel,” said she, softly: sind Nathaniel started, as he recognised the sweet voice of his late wife. “And are you sorry to see me?” “Wli-wliat, Jessi(j? S-sorry to s-see you?” gasped Mr Judd, his teeth chat tering. "N-no, cer-certainly not. S-so jjlad to s-see you.”, jmtl,”' said the Spirit' of low. Nathanie\\*wbat table began-to loo fir paiit ; - But the climax came '&hba; feu‘j• created probationary lieutenant said in deprecatory accents. “.Surgeon-cap tain Jones, would you lcindiy pass the mustard.” It was enough. Young Australia is not backward in humor, and the rest of the evening was pfidistuvbed by rehearsals of the Victorian Army List It is only due: to the surgeon captain to. say - that he looked, more than blue pills and lancets at the man ..who addressed him. My old frieftit. Wilkins, of the Whn mera, is in a decidedly Christmas frame of mind, overflowing: with peace and good will towards men, especially the two who found and restored to him his prize rani. Last week this distinguished quadruped, who has hitherto led a blameless and respectable life, managed to get out from the special paddock, and set off like Rasselas, prince of Abys sinia to see tile world. - But, un like Rassclas, he did hot get tired of its vanity and wickedness. On the contrary, he, to all appearance, revelled in them, seeking fresh pastures' and disporting himself therein, in a I truly patriarchal manner. His inde- I pendent career was, however, brought ] to a close by two swagmen, who, after j a smart contest, in which the ram near ly came off best, succeeded in capturing the curled and fleecy warrior, and duly restored him to his -owner. It was a • stroke of luck on their part, for, in ad dition to a substantial reward, they are good for a week’s Christmas tucket at the hands of the grateful Wilkins. In his letter to me he observes, with a feel ing that does him credit, “Oh, John, the Scripture is right. There-is more . joy over one prodigal prize ram that is found than over ninety-nine just .wethers that go astray.”. Wilkins was a smart boy at Sunday school, hut he is, getting a trifle mixed in his old. age. My friend. Jack Hancock, has evident ly as much down on a Knight as he has on a soldier. He objects to support the one as much as he does to run the other. It is very clear 'that had the .burly member for Footscray lived in the crusading days, he would never have gone to the Holy Land and- shouted, “Ha! St. George! Ha! St. Edward! . striking down a foe at eacr invocation.’ jjyp;>.JT4 would rather have Stayed in m^rrie HkL^grlPiMHHHkhis lahdE.-and “should.’ ^^nanut-bro^pp^g^g.-j^^^of iriy “Come, tirowi the brown, bowTto me. In . Hey<’ Jolly Jenkin, ' / c I spy a knave a drinking. f c Come, trowl the brown bowl to me/' t :. ' Strange to say, however, no less a man \ than William "Makepeace Thackeray t ' T has, in spite of his creations of Colonel i '' Dobbin and Colonel -Newcome, ’expressed , the- same feelings as Jack, so far as i soldiers are concerned. When once look- ( ing on at a Koyal procession—I think it i was the opening of the Exhibition. of ( 1851—the great novelist, though over six ] feet high himself, had his view ob- : \- structed by a foot guardsman of the , same height, plus a “bearskin” higher . than is worn now, whereupon Thackeray went home angry, and indited the semi s'atirical “Chronicle of the Drum,”, in the introduction to which he says:— ' “And ever the historian puts . In foremost rank the soldier thus, The red-coat bullyun his hoots, "Who hides the march of men from us.” Go to—I hate him and his trade, etc., etc. ■ .’ . But Thackeray just then was too angry to remember "Waterloo and the .= joyous Jack forgets the gallant charge of the Gordons at Dargai. No, Jack, \- knights and soldiers have their uses. '■ “John.” asked my newspaper friend, \- “did 5-0U ever go to law?” I mildly "told hint that I am n peaceful man. with an abhorrence of litigation. “That’s right,” i he said, “cherish that abhorrence. If ' you hadn’t-it, T should advise you to go • and listen to the proceedings of the Law Tteform Commission.- Then you would • see what law is. One solicitor told the \- " Commission that in his experience law yers only commenced to learn law when they were-admitted; and Mr Higgins, the; chairman, said that then they com menced to learn it at the expense of their clients. John. I could have told ■them that whi.n -they .have learnt their lawthey practice .it at the expense of ' their clients. . -?Why,’ nearly . all the wrangle before the Commission has been about costs. They have.been talking a . Jot of stuff about fees for perusing claims -or defences," settling pleas, swearing affi davits, the cost of interrogatories, . and all. that isort p'i thing, . They revel in costs. It seems to me that, they'have ... made a mistake," It.should not.be inter rogatories, but mter-rogueries, vfor how 1 over you take itjribe.v lawyers fatten at ../the iaw./reforruj irei ommended .by ... the ; Ifidnimission, will. Be reforms £d.. enable •tbe . lawyers .’. to pocket-, their- clients’ xnoriey.with .even more"."ease and grace ■.'• tBan • they 1 do ■ now.”: .;Such-;is. thn, .usual: ;,. shapn which iawxeforrrr takes.-. . . e v' y. . JOHN PEERYBINBBE. ■ »_.The, late herd Rosrhead- iyas perharr; • better known als Sir. Hercules Robinson, . ' " axi'd' he va<«'; only'one' -bi many'; of fcbat name who have ibeen prominent in 'tlie' pu'blie service. ’ In jiddition. to. Sir ’ -Hercules of South Africa, .at least five '.'"•other’Robinsons',- beloiisihg to the same ; generation,-served .-her. . Majesty ■welt ■* -enough to receive the honor of knight Xiood. They are (or were) Sir Bryan ' Eobinsnn. JEC.HS., Sir Henry1 Robinson,, ~ K.B., Sir R. S. Robinson, K.C.B., Sir i.W. C F. Robinson, K.CM.G,, and Sir /V L 'vt. R. Ilobinson, K.C.S.H..Then another _ Robinson of, "Sir .Heieules' generation won "the Victoria Cross, and still, ’■ ; T-. another is ittmoi^-as tlie Marquis of Ripon. ' • V5 ' ' - ‘ - THOUGHT IT'- APPROPRIATE. iT- He :■ I wonder-what.-the meaning of that picture is’ The youth and the / maiden are in a-tender attitude, i ' She-: Oh! don’t you see? He has just -' e-j ,a£kfed -her 'to many him and she /is ac \ jjepting,him. - ‘ - ' •He : Ah! how' appropriate .the title, ' > “She : "Why, that card at the bottom ■ ' flays “Sola.” ‘, • ' , • ' ' one ol the CorrfiJorsT diid grew’ more distinct-. ^Te sawitlieir faces—faces giobiny and almost unboy isli.. But lie .knew them., They; were his boys. He liad not seen them for a long time, and.they had grown, these boys; hut lie liad not forgotten. Mr Judd’s heart was strangely stirred. Ah, they were his sons, his own, and he loved them still! He followed them with eager gaze as they came down to the courtyard, and said good-bye to the last of their homeward-bound com rades. He watched them with strain ing gaze as they waved their hands af ter the retreating carriage, and lie heard their faint and almost heartless cheer of farewell and the sound of the wheels as they, died away in the street. He followed them as they turned witli slow steps into the grey school again,' and were lost to his view as the scene dickered and paled and vanished. . The lire in his grate seemed to be growing dim, Mr Judd thought. But the silent figure he could not see once more waved a. Jiand to the coals, and once more the curtain rose., . There was a broad, bright street this time. Mr Judd recognised it. He walked it every day of his life. . It was Christmas Eve without a doubt in this street. There were a great many .peo ple there—people whom Mr Judd knew. They looked so real that he was almost inclined to cry out to them. How hap py they looked, some of them in their furs, with their merry faces and red cheeks! Xo poverty here, thank Hea ven! Every man seemed to lie wishing his neighbor a merry Christinas with the certainty of his wish being fulfilled. And how gay the windows were! Why, lie would have gone down himself if he had thought the city would be as jolly as this! Xobody seemed to mind the storm It was nothing! Suddenly Mr .Tudd’s eyes 'widened. J Wliat was this V Here were people ' ‘walking about the. street who had no right, to be there—no right by the law ol' common sense, no right by the law of men’s belief. Why, they were mere spectres! Pale, miserable beings, most of them, who stared at the splendid windows and tlio well-dressed crowd with envious eyes, Mr I .Judd thought. And their clothing was] so mean he could almost see through it! And here came reeling down the, street the man lie had seen in tlif^BH|! If he did not take care, into the hands some blne ali'e :brie£$?frprtl time” of how it was achieved:—1“ The jff only personages taken into coutideuee were, on the Emperor’s side,an admiral, the captain of the Hohenzollern. the Chancellor of.the Empire, a. general and two valets dechauibre. In Prance' they were'President Carnot. ‘.VI. Spuler, Minister of.Foreign Affairs, M. de Freyeihel, Minister of .War. and a. score of police agents. . The, Gorman Am bassador was not supposed to know of tile voyage till it was over. When the preparations were completed, the Kaiser embarked upon liis yacht at ! Kiel, and on the plea of taking a sea I ward .-journey far North, left his em piro without news .of him for a fort night. The rest of the journey was , made from Arendal via Holland and ! Belgium to Paris.” 1« The “Times" correspondent, extracts the following story from the same book:—“One day, at a review, the Prince was suddenly seized with a fit of nose-bleeding. As the officers of his staff hurrioif round him, he reas sured them, saying-, ‘Gentlemen, it is nothing; it is only the last drop of Eng lish blood leaving my veins.’Need less to say, the authenticity of the auec (It)K* is guaranteed neither by the I “Times nor ourselves. When j\Ir Gladstone is likely to he from home for any length of time, he likes to take his own books and writing tools and material with him- He has ■ quite a collection of paper knives, ink stands, and other nick-nacks of the writ ing tabic, many of them valuable gifts from one admirer or another. The first named articles are nearly all of very large size. Several of them have ivory blades, and are mounted in massive sil ver. There is one, however, which, since its presentation about the Diamond Ju bilee time, he has always had on his desk, and takes with him on a visit any where. It is a large handsome knife, about twelve iucfies lon'g, made of one solid piece of "mother-of- pearl.” What gives it special interest, apart from its intrinsic value, is the following inscrip tion, which is in strong black letters on the blade : “To the Great ; Mari, Mr Gladstone, this knife in remembrance of the Grand Day of fhe Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria, 22nd June, DS07. From LuiciMontesi.” / .. -rt- X. Ulj - .J - - ■ |V || a| n the editorial oifice ofawSaejalist ory a.ii n Paris. A;‘‘comrade’’ nanied Richards :alled to see the editor, M.lGautey, in company with a lady friend, a young :ailoress named Madeline Medaille. As the editor held out his hand to greet them, Richards suddenly seized hold of Sis arm! whilst the girl' produced a re volver and fired point blank at him, breaking his wrist. He managed to dodge a second shot, and a third missed lym, and lodged in Richards’ back, much to the distress of the girl.. Attracted by the noise, a policeman appeared, and arested all three, Richards being subse quently sent to the hospital.—*1 Dal ziel.” An engineer on board the Imperieuse has sent a letter to liis father at Exeter respecting the stories of treasure on Cocos Island, from which it .seems that there is more truth in the rumors than recently appeared probable. “This is land (says the engineer), was a great resort for buccaneers, and during the war between Mexico and Spain, when the Mexicans threw off the Spanish rule, they sent away a good part of their trea sure in a ship, which was captured, by a pirate and the treasure buried at Cocos island. The pirates were at iast all killed off but one, who left a! chart, to some relation of liis, showing where the treasure was hidden. A man called Harford, a descendant of this pirate, lias, now the chart, and has been hunting for the gold on the island for some ’ time, and at last found the place, but as he had no ship to take it away, and there, are four or five other people on the’ island all hunting for this treasure, he came up to Victoria (B.C.) to try and get up an ex pedition, which lie couldn’t maniige. He was introduced to the Admiral, who of fered to go ..down there after the Guate- j mala revolution 'was over, and so \ve ; brought this man down with us from Esquimau. "We left San Jose .ori the lltii, and reached Cocos Island- on the 1-ltli. We lauded a party and proceeded to dig, but though they found, the. landr marks the water from the waterfall near filled up the hole during tlie. night, and it would have been impossible to dig the treasure out in less than a month. As the Admiral’ could not wait a couple of days, yre had to leave it, hut hefore go ing they blew down a good part of the cliff with gun-cotton over the-hole, so it will take the, people on the , island ah.out ^;Uhp Harford m-. tends ? to' go hack/,- The gofd bars. awns are said: to he worth30,000,000- dols.: qv about '£ 6,000,000/ qnd there areHiamonds arid; other treasures Also hidden in ’ dif-; \- • ■ nf'dlm iclanrl ,f. / M- » ^' Florida boys iave 'one kind: of excit-j ing 'sport which the young folk.of more hortherrii’lahds'hnow. little labout.v; says. the', ‘‘'CliieagO: EeCora,” It consists. in; catching the huge sea-turtles-^ich-fre-; quent the: bay along the southern coast of Florida. • • The turtles, from- -which is hiade the green-turtle soup so familiar to restaurant;fare, are bonSned by:the fishermen in huge pens, oi- “turtle crawls,” consisting of fences extending; from the shore out into the water'. When • the fishermah wants a great turtle for market', one. of the boys,- whose; .shiny. browii body, is stripped'bare, stands in the. prow of the boat as it is . pushed from the' shore. He watches intently, arid presently-lie. sees one of the ; big turtles taking.a nap on the'clear white sand of the bottom.- He. dives .quickly, and. - swimming: down from. ..behind,, seizes the turtle firmly by its shell: ..Of course, the. turtle wakes up, and, like a bucking broncho, begins to. dash and plunge wildly .about; seeking to ' throw its plucky; rider: Not succeeding ’ in this, ‘it darts quickly to . the surface,_ .where the boy gets his. first breath.; Then" down , again;" ltgoes,-. tearing tKroueh the" water dndJ heating thd , foam with its'; flippers. But its rider 1 w '.T ■WWSSWSHil _ fostering of western culture,' casting aside of superstitious tradition is doing an immense work to bring the Mahomedans of India into line with the clever, clear-headed, industrious, arid philosophical Hindus. The Hindus have monopolised the official appoint ments given to natives by the Govern ment of India. The sole ambition of the Hindu, indeed, is to enter Government employ. He studies English with no other object. He picks all the plums while the Mahomedans, a stronger, and more determined race, who could crush the Hindus to-morrow were the rigid British rule withdrawn, are pushed on one side,.and are, consequently, sullen, discontented, and inclined to rebellion. This appropriation of official posts by Hindus is a long-standing and rankling grievance among the Indian Mahome dans. A people by no means inclined to intellectual pursuits, they too often fail to associate cause with effect. They resent the success of the Hindus, and do not appreciate that theiwown exclusion is front Government service lies entirely at j ’e their own doors. The Aligarh Univer s sity, however, is helping to put matters is straight. It is an institution subsidised t- to a small extent by the Government, but relying mainly for its support on out ;t side aid, and it owes its origin to one of >.- the most liberal-minded of men it has r been my good fortune to meet, Sir Syed (1 Ahmad Khan. He is an old man now, o the contemporary of Mi- Gladstone in S J'oars. I had a long talk with him. He li Is big, hard-lined, solid-featured, a man 1\. of vigor and commonsense insight ra ", ther than a man deep in erudition and o learning. I found him reclining on a j’ half-bed, half-couch, with an" immense e volume in the Urdu tongue before him, and as he pushed the book aside and .. entered into conversation, I was struck e with his immense vitality, the strength 0 of the mouth, the large, inquiring, kindly eyes, the brown furrowed skin framed with a white, straight-haired beard ; 3 but above all was I impressed with his t impersonal attitude to the'great ques 1 tions of the day. A strict iviohamedan, 1 he yet regarded everything from a purb . ly utilitarian and humanitarian stapd i point, and his own account of what; led ; him to found the University was marked i with simplicity, candor, and also with a : manner showing he had a convenient > eye tb expediency. A ^descendant of the -Prophet, las his -Up.ii.n»fc» imj)l:cs,^his family held high of fset. find , °"y, ^ In.the crypt benenttiare the tombs of ^ Lord Nelson, the Duke iot."Wellington, ^ Dr. Johnson, Sir Joshua Eeynoids, and t many other celebrities. A visit to St. f Paul's is, of course, one of the first lines on tiie programme of tbe Australian * visitor to tiic .• metropolis" of the Em- • l>ire. : ' , . The disc-ovm-y of. the Spanish galleon wrecked off Hispaniola, of -which the bullion was scoured by some English speculators in 1CS7, has .cost later gent- ra tions dearly. The Duke of Albemarle, i Governor of Jamaica, received L90.000, the royal share was L.10,000. gentlemen who had adventured 1,100 from ESOOO to LtO.OrtO. Innumerable have been the dis i astrous enterprises which this success promoted. "Within 'the last few years we i saw a company formed to recover Na ! poison’s army chest, sunk, with the ves sel that contained it, at the battle of | Aboukiv. One. of the most interesting I finds was-the treasure of Guarrazar, dis I covered in 1S5S. Some peasants travel ling- near Toledo noticed objects, of gold and jewel work: washed partly out of the ground, by -heavy rains. They broke them to pieces and divided them. An intelligent man bought up every* frag ment, pieced them together, and lied to Paris, where he sold the lot to the Musee Clnnyl The objects proved to be eleven crowns of Gothic monarchs who ruled Spain during the seventh century-. One. .-the largest, has thirty big sapphires and thirty pearls of great size; below it hangs a cross set with large sapphires and pearls, which, again, has jewelled pendants. The treasure of Hildesheim also is priceless. It was found by soldiers digging a trench near the town of that' name in 1SC0. It consisted of stewpans, pots, plates, all Of silver, exquisite in form and in ornament; a complete din ner service, dishes, cups, goblets, of beautiful Greek work, in silver, with geld wreaths and attachments. 