TlUC worn N IN BLACK. "The night my brother and I were trailing Aloag a country roai and talking Snow, six inches deep, lay on the ground The tread of our feet was the only sound. Save the quiet patter of the falling mow .Or the weird macaw of a famished crow. On our homeward way we readied a place Where ghosts of the dead each other did chase And 'twas even said that a girl in red fiat on the roadside combing her head But the ghosts of the dead we did not see Or the petite form of the red banshee. But more horrible still, for net far back From the roadside stood a woman in black, Her face was as white as the driven snow Her eyes like a Hon, a fiery glow Never a word she spoke or moved a limb Her whole appearance was gaunt aud grim. When my brother beheld the corpse inane 'He instantly started off Hke a train And left me to behold the anaglyph That stood so still on the edge of the cliff The macaw of the crow I did not hear 2ffor the falling snow that from clouds did steer. For I was possessed by a nameless dread As now o'er the SHOW with a stealthy tread With eyes distorted and head thrown back Toward me laughing came the woman in black, Hear dead with fear, yet I wondered a lot For the nearer she came the smaller she got. The horrid smile from her face departed The use of her tongue became unearthed _ For slowly she spoke with a strange'ennui Of her home on the hill beneata the tree, Of the countless dead who la.v in the glyph Chiseled by nature into the cliff. She spoke so sad of the phrenetic lot Who seemed ever afraid to pass that spot For no ghost or banshee ever did dare Of a saint or devil to hurt a hair. We blow with the winds, we fall with the snow. We love the Boot where the merry winds blow. At the races and huuts you will find me there, The winner I know be it horse or mare. Aud whether the running is foul or fair Or dishonest starter I donot care, ; For one thing certain riding a hack in front of the field rides the woman in black. I now must hie to my cell neath the tree Where ghosts of the dead are w^itieg for . me For this night there is a special revel As the banshee invited the devil. :So an revoir was 4he last words she spoke Then fled away like a puff of smoke. CHARGES £. ROONEV, 