THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, Author of 'Tho Manxman,' 'The Deemster, ' 'The Scapegoat,' 'The Last Confession,' ' The BondBman,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with (he Atithoe. All rights reserved.] To tup. Reader of 'The Cubistias-.'— In making a picture of what I take to be the great intellectual movement of our time in England and in America -^ the movement towards Christian Socialism— I hava been irresistibly drawn from the general study ol types to the particular study of individual personi living ani dead; and following good precedent, I have freely used the sayings and doings and in somt instances the letters of recognisable people. It if inevitable, and perhaps desirable, that this should b* observed ; but lest there should be any tendency to draw the natural inference that individual portraits are intended, I take the opportunity of saying that I dare not claim any authority, except that of the irre sponsible story-teller, and the scenes described in tliii btory are not always to be identified with the loca'.itiei whereiu I have placed them.— Hall Gai.nk. THIRD BOOK. The Devil's Ache. Chapter VII. 'Glenfaba, The Oilan. ' Oh, gracious and grateful friend, at length you have remembered the existence of tha 'poor lone ciittur' living in dead-alive land J Only that I laok gall to make oppression bitter I should of course return your belated epistle by the dead-letter office, marked 'Uu lcnown' across your 'Dear Glory,' there being no longer anybody in those regions who has 4 plausible claim to that dubious title. Bu(» alas, I am not my own woman now, and with tears ofslmine I acknovyledge tiiat any letter from London comes like an angel's whisper that is breathed to me through the air. I dare say you have been unreasonable enough to think that; I ought to have written to tell you of my arrival, and knowing that man is born to vanity as the sparks fly upwards I have more than once intended to take pen in hand and write, but there is something so sleepy in this island atmosphere that my good resolution haa hitherto been a stillborn babe that has breathed but never cried. ' Know, then, that my journey hither was performed with due celerity and no further disaster than befalls me when, as usual, I have done those things which I ought not to hava done, and left undone those things which I ought to have done, the former in this instance having reference to various bouts of crying, which drew forth the sympathy of a compas sionate female sharper in the train, and tho latter to the catch of my satchel, which enabled that obliging person to draw-forth my embroidered pocket handkerchief in exchange. ' I was in good time for the steamboat at Liverpool, and it was crowded, according tt» its wont, with the Lancashire lads and lasses in whom affection is as contagious as tbo mumps. Being in the dumps myself on sailing, out of the river, and thinking of the wild ex citement with which I had sailed into it, I think I should have found that I had not done crying in both senses but for the interest of watching an amiable Bob Brierly, who, with his arm about the waist of the person sitting next to him, kept looking around at tho rest of the world from time to time with the inno cence of ono whoso left hand didn't know what his right hand was doiug. ' But we had hardly crossed the bar when the prince of the powers of the air began to envy the happiness of these dear young goodies and if you had seen the weather for the next four hours you would have .agreed that the devil must have had a hand in i*. Up came a wave over the after quarter and down went tho passengers below decks, staggering and screaming like brewery rats, and then on w« came like the Israelites out of Egypt on eagles' wings. Having lost my own sea legs a little I thought it prudent to go down with my doggie tuckod under ray arm and finding a berth in tho ladies' cabin 'I fell asloap and didn't awake until we were on the cross curreUt just off tha island, when, amid moans and groans and other woises. I heard the tearful voice of a siok passenger asking— 'Is there any hope, stewardess':' 'The train got to Peel as tho sun waa setting behind the grim old castle walls and when I saw tho dear little town again I dropped half a tear and even felt an insane desire to run out to meet it. Grandfather was air tho station with old Csesar and the pony carriage and when I had done kissing him and he had done panting nnd puffing and talking nonsense, as if I had been Queen Victoria and the Em press of the French rolled into one, I could have cried to 9ae how small and feeble he had become since I went away. We could not geO off immediately, for in His simple joy at my return he was hailing everybody and every body was hailing him and the dear old Phari see was sounding his trumpet soofteu in the market-place that he might havo Glory of mea that I thought we should never get up to Glenfaba that night. When we did so at length the old aunties were waiting at the gate and then he- broke into exclamations again. ' Hasn't she grown tall ? Lookatlipr. Hasn't1 she,- now?'r' Whereupon the. aunties took up their parable with, 'Well, well ! Aw, well! Aw. well, now ! ? Wei , ye nwaxV So that by the time I got through I had kissoa everybody a : dozen times -and was as red over the eyes as a grouse. . . ' Then wo went into the house and for tho first five nmiuteB I couldn't tell what had come over the old place to niako it bo. small ? ; and mean. It was just as if the walls of the rooms had been the bellows of a concertina and somebody had suddenly shut them. But there was the long clock clucking away on the landing, and there was Sir Thomas Traddles purring on the hearthrug, and there were the same plates on the dresser and the same map of Africa over the fireplace, painted red where xny .father died. ; 'The moon was glistening on the sea when I went to bed that night, and when I got up in the morning the sun was shining on it, and a crow cut .across my window cawing, and I heard grandfather humming to himself on the path below. And after my long spell in London and my railway journey of the day i before it was the same as if I had fallen asleep ' in a gale on the high seas and awakened in a ' t[uiet harbor somewhere. ? 'So here I am back to Glenfaba, in my old , little room, with my old little bed, and everything exactly as it used to be, and I begin to believe that when you went into that monastery you only just got the start of me in being dead. There used to be a few people in this place, but now there doesn't seem to be a dog left. All the youngsters have 'gone foreign' and all the oldsters have (tone to — 'goodness knows which.' Some times we hear the bleat of sheep on the moun tains and sometimes the' scream of Beagulls overhead, and sometimes we hold a con- i vocation of all living rooks in the elms on the lawn. We take no thought of the morrow what we shall eat or what we shall put on, and on Sundays when the church-bell rings wo go 'out like the Israelites in the wilderness in clothes which wax not old after 40 years, though they may be a little out of fashion. During the rest of the week we watch the bluebottles knocking their heads stupidly against the ceiling and listen to the grass hoppers whispering in the grass, and fall asleep to the hum of the bees and awake to the hee-haw of old Neilus's 'canary' (donkoy). Such is the dead alive life we live at Glenfaba and the days of our years ore three score years aud ten and if— o-hoy ! (a yawn). I ' I suppose it is basely ungrateful of me \ to talk like this, for the dear place itself is : lovely enough to disturb one's hope of para- j diee and this very morning is as fresh as the ! dew on the grass, with the larks singing above j and the river singing below, and the clouds ? like little curls of foam hovering over the sea. j And as for my three dear old dunces, who love , me so much more than 1 deserve. I am ashamed j in my soul when I overhear them planning good things for me to eat and wild excitements for me to revel in that I may not be dull or hues the luxuries I am accustomed to. ''Do you know, I'm afraid Glory doesn't care so much for pinjane after all,' I heard grandfather whispering to Aunt Anna one morning and half an hour afterwards he was reproving Aunt Rachel for pressing me too hard to serve at the soup kitchen. : ' They govern me like a child in pinafores | and, of course, like a child, I revenge myself | by governing all the house. But, oh, dear, oil, dear, gone are the days when I could live on water gruel and be happy in a go- cart. , Ycb, the change is in me, not in them or in the old home ; and what is the good of turning back the clock when the sun is so stubbornly keeping pace. I might be happy enough at Glenfaba still if I could only bring back the days when the garden trees were my gymnasium ana I used to rock myself and sing iike a bird on a hough in the wind ; or when I led a baud of boys to rob our own orchard — a bold deed, for which Bishop Anna ofttimes launched at me and at all her sunragans her severest censure ; it was her slipper I remember. But I can't Tun barefoot all day long on the wet sand now ?with the salt spray blowing in my face ; and a young lady of one and twenty seldom or never rushes out to play dumps and baggy-mug in public with little girls of 10. 'As a result my former adventures are now limited to careering on tha back of little Caesar, who has grown so ancient and so fat I that he waddles like an old duck, and riding . Lim is like working your passage. So I confine j myself to sitting on committees and being j sometimes sat upon, and rubbing the runes for '. grandtather and cleaning the milkpails for 1 Aunt Anna, and even such holy kill-times as going to church regularly and watching Neilus ' when he is passing round the plate after ' Let t ' your light so shine before men' — light to his practical intellect being clearly a synonym for silver in the shape of threepenny bits. ' But, oh, my ! Oh, my ! I am a dark character in this place for all that. The dear old goodies have never yet said a syllable about my letter announcing that I had gone over to the enemy (i.e., Satan and the music-hall), and I there is a dead hush in the house as often us ( the wind of conversation veers round in that direction. This is nothing though to the white awe in the air wheu visitors call and I am questioned as to how I earned my living in London. I hardly known whether to laugh or cry at the long breath of relief when I wriggle out of a tight place without telling a lie. But you can't hide an eel iu a sack and I know the truth will pop out one of these days. Only yesterday 1 went district visiting with Aunt Rachel and one of the Balaams of life who keeps a tavc-ra for fishermen lured us into his bar parlor to look at a portrait of ' Gloria' which he had cut out of an illustrated paper and pinned up on the wall 'becauso it re ? cemblt'd me so much !' Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! I I could have found it in my heart to brazen it I out on the spotAat this sight of my evil fame, but when I saw poor little auntie watching me with fearful eyes I talked away like a mill wheel and went out thanking God that the rest of the people of Peel were not as other men are or even as this publican. | 'I havo been getting newspapers myself though, sent by my friend Rosa, and as long ab tho mis-reporters concerned themselves with my own doings and failures to do, and lied as tenderly as an epitaph about my dis appearance from London, I cut them up and burnt them ; but when they forgot me and begau to treat of other people's triumphs , I made Neilus my waste- paper basket on tho ' understanding that the papers were to go to 1 the fishermen just home from Kinsalo. Then from time to time he told me they were ' Goin' round, miss, goin' round,' and gave me other assurances of 'the greatest circulation in the , world,' which was true enough certainly, . though the old thief omitted to say it was at ? the papermilis, where they were being turned . into pulp. \ 'Butheigho! I don't need newspapers to remind me of London. Like St. Paul, I have a devil that beats me with fists and as often as a clear day comes and one can see things a long way off he makes me climb to the top of Slieu Whalliu (a mountain in Man) that I may sit on the beacon by the hour and strain my eyes for a glimpse of England, feeling like Lot's wife when she looked back on her old home and then coming down with a j heavy heart and a taste of tears in my mouth as if I had been turned into a pillar of salt. 1 Dear old London ! But I suppose it is going ' ' on its way just as it used to do, with its tides 'of traffic and itB crowds and carriages, and wandering merchants and hawkers crying their wares, and everything the same, just the same, although Glory isn't there ! ' 10.30 p.m. I ' I had to interrupt the writing o£ my letter this morning owing to an alarm of illness seizing grandfather. He had been token with a sudden faintness. Of course we Bent for the doctor, but before he had arrived the faint ness bad passed, so he looked wise at us like a prize riddle which had to be guessed before bis next visit, left us hie autograph (a wonder iul hieroglyphic^ and weut away. Since then grandfather has been in the hands of a less taciturn practitioner whom he calls the 'Flower of Glenfaba' (that's me !), and after talking nonsense to him all day and playing chess with him all night I have put him to bed laughing and uotne back to my own room to finish my letter with an easier mind. For the last half hour the aurora has been pulsing in the northern sky and I have been thinking that the glorious phantasmagoria must be the sigu of a gale in heaven, just as sleet and mist and black wind are the signs of a gale on earth. But it has tripped off into nothingness and only the dark night is loft, through which the dogs at Knockaloo are keeping up their private correspondence with the dogB at Ballamoor, by the medium of their nightly howls. 'Oh, deal'! Only 10.30! Aud to know that while we are going to bed by country hours, with nearly everything still and Jead around us, London is just beginning to bestir itself. When I lie down and try to sleep I shall see the wide squares, with their statues of somobody inside, aud the blazoof lights over the doors of the theatres and all the tinglincr life of the great and wonderful city. Ugh ! 1c makes one feel like one's own ghost wandering through the upper rooms and across the dark landings and hearing the strains of the music and the sounds of the dancing from the ball room below stairs. ' But my goodnesB ! (I can still swear on that, you see, and not be foresworn). What's the odds if you'ro jolly ? and ' i allus is !' How's your dog ? Mine would write you a letter only her heart is moribund aud if things go on as they are doing she must set about making her will. In fact, sfre is now lying at the foot of my bed think ing matters out and bids me tell you that after various attempts to escape Home Rule, not being (like her mistress) one of those natures majle perfect through suffering, she is only ' kept alive by the force of her own vo lition' in this house that is full of old maids and has nothing better in it tbau one old cat, and he isn't worth hunting, being destitute of a tail. Naturally she is doing her best (like somebody else) to keep herself unspotted from that world which is a source of so much temp tation, but she is bound to confess that a little 'devilment' now and then would help her to take a more holy and religious view of life. 'I 'wish you happy' in your new enterprise, but if you arc going iu for being the champion of woman in this world of her wrongs 1 warn you not to be too pointed in your moral, for there is a story here of a handsome youug curate who was so particular in the pulpit with ' Lovest thou Me '!' that a lady followed him into the vestry and admitted that she did. Soberly, it is a great and noble effort, and I've half a mind to love you for it. If men want women to be good they will be good, for women dance to the tune that men like best and always have done so sinco tiie days of Adam, not for getting that gentleman's temptation or yet bis excuse about ' the woman Thou gavest me,' which shows lie wasn't much of a husband anyway, though certainly he hadn't much choice of a wife. 'My love to dear old London ! Sometimes I have half a mind to skip off and do my wooing myself. Perhaps I should do so only that Rosa writes that she would like to come and spend her summer holiday in PeeL Haven't I told you about Rosa? She's the lady journalist that .Mr. Drake introduced me to. But let's to bed Said Sleepy Head. ? ' Glory. 'P.S.— Important.— Ever since I left Lon don I have been tormented with the recollec tion of poor Polly's baby. She put him out to nurse with the Sirs. Jupe you heard of, and that person put him out to somebody else. While the mother lived I had no business to interfere, but I can't help thinking of tho motherless mite now and wondering what has become of him. I suppose that, like Jeshurun, he waxcth fat and kiclceth by this time, yet it would be the act of a man aud a clergyman if anybody would take up my neglected duty and make it his business to see that there is some body to love the poor child. Mrs. Jupe's address is 5a, The Little Turustile, going ironi Holborn into Lincoln's Inn Fields.' CiiArrEn VIII. It was on a Saturday morning that John Storm received Glory'B letter and on the evening of the same day he set out in search of Mrs. Jupe's. The place was not easy to find and when he discovered it at length he felt a pang at the thought that Glory herself had lived in this dingy burrowing. As he was going up to the door of the little tobacco shop a raucous voice within *was saying— ' That's what's doo on the byeby and tiil you can py up you needn't be a kemmin 'ere no more.' At the next moment a young woman crossed him on the threshold. She was a little slender tiling, looking like a flower that has been broken by the wet. He recognised her as the girl who had nursed the baby in Crook-lane on the day of his iirst visit to Solio. She had been crying aud to hide her swollen eyes slio dropped her head at passing and he saw her faded ribbons and soiled straw hat. ,_A woman of middle age behind the counter was curtesying to his clerical attire, and a little girl at the door of an inner room was looking at him out of the corner of her eyes with heaa aslant. 'Father Storm, I think, sir. Come in and set you down, sir. Mind tho shop, Boo-boo. ily 'usband !as told me about ye, sir. ' You'll know 'itn at onct, Lidjer,' 'e sez, siz 'o. No, !e aint 'orae from tho club yet, but 'e might be a-kemmin' iu at any time now, sir.' John Storm had seated himself in the little dark parlor and was looking round and think ing of Glory. 'No matter; my business is with you, Mrs. Jupe,' he answered, aud at that the twinkling eyes aud fat cheeks which had been doing their best to smile took on a look of fear. 'Wot's the matter?' she asked, and she closed the door to the shop. 'Nothing, I trust, my good woman,' and then he explained his errand. Mrs. Jupe listened attentively and seemed ta be asking herself who had sent him. ' The poor young mother is dead now, as you may know, and ? ' ' But the father ain't,' said the woman sharply, 'aud, begging your pardon, sir, if 'e wants ter know where tho byeby is 'e can come 'isself and not send somebody else.' ' If tho child is well, my good woman, and well cared for ? ' 'It is well keared for and it's gcrn to a pusson I can trust.' ' Then what have you got to conceal ? Tell me where it is and ? ' 'Not me ! If it's 'ees child and 'e wants it, let 'im py for it and interest up to date. Them swells is too fond of getting parsons to pull their ohesnuts outuv the fire.' 'If you suppose I am here in the interests of the father you aro mistaken, I do assure you.' 'Ow, you do, do yer?' Matters had reached this pass when the door opened and Mr. Jupe came in. Off went his hat with a respectful salutation, but, seeing the cloud on his wifo's face, he abridged his greeting. The woman's apron was at her eyes in an instant. ' Wot's gowin on ?' ho asked. John Storm tried to explain, but the woman contented herself with crying. ' Well, if s like this, don't toher see, father. My missus is that fond of ohildring and it bnkes 'er 'eart ? ' x Was the man a fool or & hypocrite 1 'Mr. Jupe,' eaid John, rising 'I'm afraid your wife has been carrying on an improper and illegal business.' ' Now stou thet, sir,' said the man, wag ging his head. 'I respects the Reverend Jawn Storm a good deal, but I respects Mrs. Lidjer J upe a good deal more, aud when it comes to improper and illegal biziness ? '_ 'Down't mind 'im, 'Knery,' said the wife, now weeping audibly. 'And don't you tyke on so, Lidjor,' said the husband, aud they looked as if they were about to embrace. John Storm could stand no more. Going down the court he was thinking with a paug of Glory— that she had lived montliB in the atmosphere of that procuress and iuiposter — when somebody touched liis arm in the darkness. It was the girl. Sho was still crying. 'Ireckerlec seeing you in Crook -lane, sir, the day we christened my baby, and I waited, thinking p'rhap3 you could help ma' 'Come this way,' Baid John, and walking by his side along the blank wall of Lincoln's luu Fields the girl told her story. She lived in one room ot the clergy house at the back of his church. Having to earn her living, I she had answered an advertisement in a Sun day paper, and Mrs. Jupe had taken her baby to nurse. It was true she had given up all claim to the child, hut Bhe could not help going to see it, the little one's ways were so engaging. Then she found that Mrs. Jupe had let it out to somebody else. Only for her ' friend ' she might never have heard of it acain. He had found it by accident at a house in Westminster. It was a fearful place, where men went for gambling. The man who kept it had just been released from 18 months' imprisonment and the wife had taken to nurs ing while the husband was in prison. She was a frightful woman aud he was a shocking man and 'they knocked the children about cruel.' The neighbors heard screams and slaps and moans and they were always crying shame. She had wanted to take her own baby away, but the woman would not give it up, because there were three weeks' board owing and she could not pay. 'Could you. take me to this house, my child?' 'Yes, sir.' 'Then come round to the church after service to-morrow night.' The girl's tearful tace glistened like April sunshine. 'And will you help me to get my little girl ? Oh, how good you are. Every body is saying what a father it is that's come to ...' She stopped, then said quite soberly, ' ' Til get somebody to lend me a shawl to bring 'er 'ome in. People say they pawn everything and perhaps the beautiful white perlice I bought for 'er . . . Oh, I'll never let 'er out of my sight again, never.' ' What is your name, my girl f ' 'Agatha Jones,' the girl answered. It was nearly 11 o'clock on Sunday night before they were ready to start out on their errand. Meantime Aggie had done two turns at the foreign clubs and John Storm had led a procession through Crown-street and been knocked down by a missile thrown by a ' Skeleton,' whom he declined to charge. At the corner of the alley he stopped to ask Mrs. Pinchcr to wait up for him and the girl's large eyes caught sight of the patch of plaster above his temple. 'Are you sure you wanttogo, Bir ?' sho said, 'There's no time to lose,' he answered. The bloodhound was with him ; he had sent home for it since the attempted riot. As they walked towards Westminster she told him where she had been and what money she had earned. It was 10s., and that would buy so many things for baby. 'To-morrow I'll get a cot for her — oue of those wicker ones, iron is so expensive. She'll want a pair o' socks too, and by-and-bye she'll 'ave to be shortened.' But John Storm was thinking of Glory. Ho seemed to be retreading the stops of her life in London. The dog kept close at his heels. j 'She'll 'a bin a month away now — a mouth to-morrow. I wonder if she's grow'd much — I wonder ! It's wrong o' jjeople letting their i childriug go away from them. I'll never go out at nights again— not if I 'ave to take in sewin' for the slop shops. See this,' laughing nervously and snowing a shawl that hung on her arm. 'It's to bring her 'ome in — the nights is so chill for a byeby.' John's heart was heavy at sight of these little preparations, but the young mother's face was radiant. As they went by the Abbey under ite forest of scaffolding, and, walking towards Millbank, dipped into the slums that lie in the shadow of tho dark prison, they passed soldiers from the neighboring barracks going arm in arm with girls, and this made Aggie talk of her 'friend ' and cry a little, saying it was a week since she had seen him and sho was afraid he must have 'listed. She knew he was rudo to people sometimes and she asked pardon for him, but he wasn't such a bad boy after all and he never knocked you about except when he was drinking. The house they were going to was in Angel Court, and having its door only to the front it was partly sheltered from observa tion. A group of women with their aprons over their heads stood talking in whispers at the corner. One of them recognised Aggie and asked if she had got her child yet, whereupon John stopped and made some enquiries. The goings on at the house were scandalous. The men who went to it were tho lowest of tho low and there was scarcely one of them who hadn't 'done time.' The man's name was Sbarkey aud his wife was as bad as he was. She insured the children at £7 a piece and 'Laud love ye, sir, at that price the pore things is worth more dead nor alive.' Aggie's face was becoming white and she was touching John Storm's elbow as if plead ing with him to come away, but he asked further questions. Yes, there were several children. A 12 months' baby, a boy, was fretful with his teething and en Sunday nights y.'hen the woman was wanted downstairs she just put the poor darlings to bed and locked the room. If you lived next you could hear his crying through the wall. 'Agatha,' said John, as they stepped up to the door, ' get us into this house as best you can and then leave the rest to me. Ctesar,' lie close.' Aggie tapped at the door. A little slide in it was run barft and a voice said, 'Who's there ?' 'Aggie !' the girl answered. ' Who's that with you V ' A friend of Charlie's,' and then the door was opened. John crossed tho threshold first ; the dog followed him, the girl entered last. When the door had closed behind them the door-keeper, a young man holding a candle in his hand, was staring at John with his whole face open. 'Husk! Not a word! Cassar, watch that man.' Tho young man looked at the dog and turned pale. '' Where is Mrs. Sharkey ?' 'Downstairs, sir.' There were sounds of men's voices from below, and from above there came the convul sive sobs of a child, deadened ae by a door between. ' Give me your candle.' The man gave it 'Don't speak or stir, or else ? ' John glanced at tha dog and the man trembled. 'Come upstairs, child,' and the girl followed him to the upper floor. (Tobeoontinucd.) 