RECOVERY OF A JOCKEY. MELBOURNE, July 8. Laverty has recovered from the . effect of hiB fall from Glendower in the Grand National Hurdle Race on Saturday. The Hon; W. A. Long returned to Sydney from England last week. Besides making tbe New Zealand Cup prize of 1898 2,000sovs, the Canterbury Jockey Club's programme committee are recommending that l,000sovs be added to the Derby of 1889. The total amount of stakes proposed to be provided for the eighteen races of the. three days' programme for the Perth Cup-meeting of the W.A. Turf Club, in January next, is £3,110. - - Tbe English fiily by Prince Rudolph whom Mr. S. Hordern imported to Sydney with the stallions Gigue and Haut Brion has been put into work at Randwick. ~ According to a London Exchange Mr. W. R. Wilson, who is staying in England, was most favorably impressed with the English steeplechasers, and he is of the opiuion that the Liverpool National Steeplechase winner Manifesto is faster than anything we have in Australia. Sir Wilson has visited several of the studs, and he thinks that Trenton and Carbine will hold a prominent place in the English stud book. " The Australian ferfces must be good for the trade, as they manage to crack up more cross-country horses than any other country in the world. It would be, we should say, quite possible to have unyielding fences without fortifications like these colonial jumps, the least liberty with which means death or disablement to the unfortunate horse, and sometimes, and not unfrcquently, one or the other to his jockcy also."—The "Indian Planters' Gazette" on Australian steeplechase fences. When Croagh Patrick, a horse imported to Victoria in 1868, won the Stewards' Cup at Goodwood in 1861, there were 46 starters. This is the biggest field on record in any race, but at Ro'sefaiii tbe other day the Australian record was raised to 43. Previous to this The Ghost won in a field of 42 at Caulfield, and most people know that there were 41 starters for the Caulfield Cup of 1885—the race which resulted in the biggest smash ever furnished by a race. There were no falls in Croagh Patrick's race, but there were two at Rosehill, and such large fields are not to bj desired. 