THE QUEEN'S RECORD REIGN. m TO-MORROW'S SPECIAL SERVICES. The following special services in connection with the Queen's Record Reign celebrations will be held in Hobart : - 3 p.m. a special service at St. David's Cathedral, to which have been invited all the chief public officials of the city ; also the various Friendly Societies. Seats, too, have been allotted to the various city and suburban parish churches. Archdeacon Whitington will preach, and the service will be an adaptation of that used for the 1887 Jubilee, and the special forms of prayer and thanksgiving issued by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Special services will be held at St. John's, St. George's, All Saints', and Holy Trinity churches. At St. Mary's Cathedral, the Queen's sixty years' reign will be commemorated by the celebration of solemn pontifical High Mass, which will commence at 11 o'olock. His Excellency the Governor, Viscount Gormanston, will attend in state. The miss will be sung by the Right Rev. Dr. Delany, Bishop of Laranda and Coadjutor of Hobart, assisted by several of the clergy, and an address on the Queen's Reign will be delivered by the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart.. Special music will be rendered by the choir under the direction of the organist and choirmaster, Mr. J. R. McCann. The service will include a solemn Te Deum. 3 p.m. the Rev. George Clarke has been selected to give an address in the Temperance-hall on " The Sixty Years' Reign of Her Majesty." A special thanksgiving service will be held in the evening at St. Andrew's. Rev. Dr. Scott is announced to discourse on religious movements during CO years. Hymns and anthems specially composed for this service, with appropriate music by the church organist, Mr. Weierter, will be rendered. The Queen's Record and the 74th anniversary of the Melville-street Church will be celebrated together. In the afternoon the Melville-street, High-street, and Davey street schools will meet in Melville-street Church. Special addresses will be given, and special recitations bearing on the Queen's life; the Juvenile Orchestra will perform, and special hymns will be sung. The Davey-street Congregational Church Sunday-schools will celebrate Her Majesty's Record Reign to-morrow afternoon at 2.45 with lecturettes and songs, All the city congregations represented by the Hobart Ministers' Association are uniting to-morrow afternoon in a service of thanksgiving in connection with the Queen's 60 years' reign. The service is to be held in the Temperance- hall, and Dr. Clifford will give the address; Revs. Dr. Scott and W. Shaw will also take part in the service, and the singing will be led by the Kempton Auxiliary. Band, under the conductorship of Mr. W. T. Bates. A meeting of the Executive Committee was held last evening, His Worship the Mayor (Alderman J. G. Davies, M.H.A.), in the chair. Messrs. (J. Harbottle, G. S. Seabrook, F. W. J. Moore, J. Bradley, M.H.A., A. C. Parker, E. J. Crouch, M.R.C.S., C. J. Atkins, J. Duff, A. T. Smallhorn G. Kerr, Captain Evans, M.H.A., W. M. Williams, E. Mulcahy, M.H.A., W. J. J. Reynolds, J. W. Johnson, and A. Morton. Apologies were received from Messrs. E, J. Burgess and E. Hawson. The Chairman reported that he had met His Excellency the Governor and submitted the programme to His Excellency, who had signified his approval to the arrangements proposed to be carried out on the 22nd inst, correspondence. The following letters were received : Town Board of New Town. New Town, June 18, 1887. His Worship the Mayor of Hobart. " Addresses from United Municipalities and Town Boards." This address we have asked Mr. W. Gunn. of Brighton, and Mr. O. H. Grant, of Globe, to present to His Excellency on Tuesday next, I cannot say for certain yet whether Mr. Gunn will be able, but will advise you later on Yours, etc,, H. C. Lovett, chairman. Marine Board, Hobart. June 18, ISO". Gentle- merely reply to your letter of the 17th Inst, I am instructed by the Board to state that they will take part in the procession on Tuesday, 22nd instant are, etc, Hcxitr Smith, secretary. The hon. secretaries Queen's Diamond Jubilee. Replies were read from various friendly societies, stating that it was their intention to present addresses to Her Majesty through the Governor on Tuesday next, It was decided to have the programme published on Monday, The musical director, Captain W. J. J. Reynolds, EARLE., submitted the following hymn of praise, to be sung at 10 p.m. on Tuesday evening : HYMN OF PRAISE. 1\. All people that on earth do dwell, Sing to the Lord with cheerful voice ; Him serve with fear. His praise forth tell. Come ye before Him and rejoice. 2\. The Lord, ye know, is God indeed ; Without our aid He did us make ; We are His flock. He doth us feed. And for his sheep He doth us take. 3\. O enter then His gates with praise. Approach with joy his courts unto ; Praise, land, and bless His name always. For it is seemly so to do. i. Tor why The Lord our God is good ; His mercy is for ever sure ; His truth at all times firmly stood. And shall from age to age endure. S. " Praise God from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here below ; Praise Him above ye Heavenly Host, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." To-morrow, Sunday, the final rehearsal of the Sunday-schools will take place at the Town-hall at 4 p.m. The committee decided that only bona-fide teachers and scholars will be admitted. It was arranged to publish the names of all those who have subscribed to the record fund on Monday next. Several other matters were then dealt with, after which the meeting closed. 