"PKEGHA3CSMME" Tlie Mrs Noel whom her acquaintance liked or disliked, according to their in clination, was a handsome and wealthy widow, endowed with a purse liberally open to most demands and manifesting the fervent interest for many subjects that characterises our nu ue eu-i . The Mrs Noel wiio occasionally con fronted lier own soul was a deep and narrow nature, iuflueuced by two im passioned affections, and as indifferent lo outside sympathies as to shado ws that pass. One of these affections was de voted to tlie memory of her husband, the other was a living love for her only daughter. Concerning this beloved child, the mother's heart ached forebodingly while she drove through the avenues of the Champs EJysees in her neat brougham, or toiled through various apartments of that fashionable quarter, accompanied by ber maid and a house agent. Dis tracted by an anxiety with which liouse- liuntitig pprplexities had nothing to do. she broke down when, having admired certain picturesque rooms, she was told that tlie accommodations for the "suite" were three stairways higher. "Go. Rosine," she said to lier maid, as site sank into an easy chair, "you surely know better than I what we require. I shall rest here until you return." "Madame does not fear to remain alone V" "Why should I fear?" Mrs Noel de manded wearily. "We have so con scientiously inspected every comer and cupboard "that even a ghost could nor have escaped our notice. If you are nervous, however, you may lock the outer door." Rosine murmured an acquiescent. "As .niadame pleases," tlie agent uttered a voluble assurance of secure solitude, and they departed. Mrs Noel leaned back in her chair and shut her eyes. She had often warned herself that anxious days would begin when Laura grew old enough to become interested in lovers, but she had not anticipated that. tlto.se days would dawn thus swiftly. Laura was only 17. A child in spirit, though visibly Hearing the lovely verge of womanhood. Mrs Noel had left her for a holiday visit at the home of a school friend in Scotland, while she made -nu mutual cure at Hoinburg. Now, six weeks later, Laura's letters were filled with one man's name, and her hostess wrote that a Russian, Count Rufski, possessing a European reputa tion for fascination, was pursuing Laura with such devotion as she believed no girl could resist. That a woman should marry among Iter countrymen was a law of life evolv ed by Mrs Noel from her own brief happy marriage. That Laura's bus- baud should be of her mother's choos ing, Mrs Noel discovered suddenly to he tills law's inseparable codicil. Yet Laura had manifested a cheerfully re solute will over since she was old enough ro feel a preference. What if her will had already decided for this stranger— a Russian, whose "European reputation for fascination" could not have been ac quired within any number of years ap proximately near to those of Otis child of 17? Mrs Noel opened her eyes with a pang so keen that she thrust it aside. Laura would return to her to-morrow. Surely no intruding influence liad thus swift ly eclipsed lier own. She would not con sider such disaster. She would consider instead the home they meant to make for some years in Paris-liere, perhaps. Tills apartment, seemed likely to suit them, she told herself, while her eyes iwaudered restlessly around the salon, which the agent had brilliantly il-. laminated when he had shut out the clilll autumn twilight. Immediately opposite her chair a wide doorway hung with satin portieres, framed a smaller, yet more charming room, whose delicate blue lints sug gested a dainty background for the ob ject of Mrs Noels auxieties. "Just the cosey little den my darling will fancy " Her thoughts broke off as sharply as though they had been interrupted words. Before the chimney which faced the archway stood a low couch, heaped with many satin pillows. A moment since it had seemed the very nest for Laura- No w? Was she dazed or dreaming ? Whose slender, white-clad figure lay among tliose pillows ? Whose fair bead half turned away toward ihe chimney ? Not Laura's, thank God! Color and outline were like hut the pretty creature who so mysteriously appeared there was not Laura, nor vision of Laura. Whoever she was, how did she get there unobserved ? An awe that was neither curiosity nor terror possessed Mrs Noel as she confronted the picture before her. Whence had it come? Why did she behold it? Between her and the object of her spellbound gaze the figure of a man in evening dress advanced souudlessly.His back was toward Mrs Noel as lie'srep- ped softly to the side of the sleeping girl. He bent over her. His slender jewelled hands lifted one of the satin pillows. . What was he about to do ? Did lie mean some caressing arrangement of those pillows for the comfort of that fair head ? . The sleeper stirred! The bending man, still holding the pillow, glanced across his shoulder, thus turning his beautiful, (evil face to the horror-stricken onlooker, and in. those cruel, pale eyes his pur pose was written— murder! . » A cry, shrill with terror, interrupted tbe fluettt amenities of Roeine and the house-agent, as lie fitted- tlie key into the outer door of the apartment. Aghast they paused. There was a rush of flying feet along the inner corridor, and a heavy fall. "Open, imbecile!" Rorinc cried wildly. "Madame, madamc!" The frightened agent fiung wide the door, and Rosine dropped on her knees beside the inanimate body of her mis tress. Neither terror nor anguish can long suspend the Intense consciousness of such a temperament as Mrs Noel's. Willi a strange regard her haggard eyes stared up presently at Rosine and'- the concierge, whom the agent had hur riedly summoned. "I was tired and I fainted," she mur mured impatiently to their eager ques tions. "j'ardon. niadame screamed?" Mis Noel frowned and closed her eyes again. "A fancy! I was half-asleop— a bad dream." She sat upright resolutely in the chair, where they liad placed her, and smiled a pretty perfunctory smile. "A woman's nerves are not to be ex plained. Are thev, Madame la Con cierge?" site said to that stout person age, who was yet breathless from her run up two flights of stairs. "You have a handsome apartment here under your care." "I hope Madame will not allow her fright to prejudice her against it?" "I will try to forget it." and the apart ment pleases me, especially tbe smaller, salon, which would make a charming boudoir." "Madame la Comtesse always sat there. It was refurnished according to her orders." "She was fair, I dare say, to choose so much blue?" "Fair as a lily!" "Why did she leave?" "She died, Madame." -J : "Ah. yes. Suddenly?" "Of heart disease, poor, lovely angel! But Madame has doubtless heard the story ?" "Partly, I— I " Mrs Noel rose, shivering. " W ill you give me your a rui to my carriage, Monsier?" she said to the agent. Despite protestations thai she conhl not yet be strong enough for such exer tion, she walked downstairs. "Why should I ask her name?" she repeated to herself, with every feeble step. "I dreamed, perhaps. Or, if this horrible vision was the truth. I am no avenger of innocent, blood. I am a timid woman. I am afraid!" She entered the brougham while no- sine listened to the agent's regrets con cerning Madame's indisposition. "Madame !" the maid exclaimed, as they drove away; "it Is a small world, is ft not? Even this great Paris? Tbe young Comtesse who died .in that apart ment two years ago was the wife of the Comte Rufski, who, Marie writes me. is staying iu the house in Scotland where Mile. Laura now visits." During a long moment life seemed slipping from Mrs Noel's hold. But she clung fast to it. Now did she know why she had been permitted to behold that vision of a tragedy over which the grave had closed. God meant her to save her child. Nor would site fail. His marvellous inevey hot though her flesh shuddered and her blood grew cold with horror of what- had been and terror of what might he. e « Rosine. whose keen eyes Utile es caped, was well aware that her fragile- looking mistress was capable of endur ance beyond the power of a far more vigorous physique. She, however, ven tured a. remonstrance, when, after an hour's repose and a cup of tea, Mrs Noel prepared <to keep an engagement at the opera — a remonstance which was vain. Mrs Noel was rather late and very, pale when she entered the loge of her friends, yet no one guessed that more ailed her than fatigue. Why should- tlie.v . Does not many an actress _ play best with sorrowful soul or failing body And this woman played her role neither for fame nor for daily bread, but for that child-love which God's law has or dained to be the core of every woman s heart. There was an outburst of mischievous amusement when she spoke of her let ters from Scotland, and the reports of Laura's conquest. "Laura, had made a brilliant begin ning. which you must expect to prove an end also, If Rufski Is in earnest! He 13 the most irresistible of fortune-hunt- ors !" "Why, Laura deserves something bob ter." _ "Oil .my dear, he is a good fellow, too, and he lias established a record as a de voted husband." i "He is a widower ?" u "Since two yen re. She was a Scotcn beauty aud heiress when ho mameq her, hut her fortune soon vanished in that big Glasgow bank failure soon af ter their marriage. Rufski, Mko all R'16 sians, is au incurable gambler, and in variably ' hard up.' Yet he bore Ins disappointment heroically, remained charming to his wife, and semcd quite, overwhelmed by her sudden death. "She died suddenly?" „ " He found her lying dead of heart disease one evening when he returned from his club. You are shivering, deai. Wrap: this cloak about' those preuy shoulders.'! . ' 1 . T Mrs Noel did not sleep that right- Surely never woman faced a sltuauou j Epierrlbleer sohppglgfs of j' Shdends and kinsfolk would thinkher gld she proclaim an accusation v Wmpfler founded on sucli flimsy fabric Si a dream. And dared she call tihat Which sbe had beheld a vision, her mad- ftees would be considered more fully Emven Even Lama might strink dismayed from the mother who Joight to sully her imagina tion and shatter her happinee with eucli fantastic horrors concerning the man who, whether or not he had awakened her heart, had certainly pleased her fancy. But Laura must be saved! The (iod who bad shown the danger thus wondrously would vouchsafe the means of escape to -those eager mother hands that would not heed what hurt thev risked in grasping it. When Mrs Noel met her daughter at the Care du Nord there advanced down the platform, besides Laura and Laura's maid, a tall, handsome man, whose lu minous. pale eyes smiled suavely upon Laura's tender flutter. Conite Rufski was gracefully grateful as Mrs Noel, liaviug heard of his kind- hiess on the journey, where by chance Laura had encountered him, invited him to afternoon tea on the morrow. While Mrs Noel lay awake, through the long watches of a second sleepless night. Iter plan grew plain to her. Surely the guilt of which she knew the secret must be haunted by such cow ard fears as would be stirred to self -be trayal by the revelation of a knowledge ,-whose source could only be supernatur al. She was aware of the personal danger She would risk should Rufski's courage resist the test she intended to put upon it. She could not doubt that he would be at a lass for methods by which to 6weep from his path an enemy who me naced him. Yet Laura should be saved. Laura, whose gay chatter, in which Conite Rufski's name recurred so often, stabbed the mother's resolve with a mightier dread than, that of her own danger. Was the child's heart awake? And for whom would it declare itself? Mother or lover. Mrs Noel and her daughter spent the following morning in shopping. Laura was rapturous over the choice of her first ball dress. Yet she insisted upon having flowers which she had promised Rufski to wear. They lunched a.t a famous patisserie, whose goods Laura 'devoured with the reckless ardour of a schoolgirl's hunger. Yet she forgot to finish a favorite game pie while sbe de scanted upon Rufski's skill ait a shoot ing match she had seen in Scotland. They returned to their hotel for "five o'clock tea," and Rufski did not keep them waiting. With a horror that made the cruelest Instant of her ordeal, Mrs Noel beheld liim lift Laura's pretty hand to his lips .with the long jewelled fingers she had seen pi-ess down a satin pillow upon: She could not speak in answer to Ruf ski's graceful greeting, but she smiled. "It is mostly with a smile that a .woman leads her "forlorn hope," and the bravest cheer which has led men to battle, and whose echo rings through history, lacks something of the heroism of such a smile. The little group sat about the fire and. drank tea daintily. Laura was gay, Rufski amusing, Mrs Noel rather silent. Just arrived a ;,wo of them were from Scotland, talk turned naturally to Scotch customs, Scotch characteristics, and by a subtle Impulse from Mrs Noel, to Scotch superstitions. Rufski and Laura each repeated le gends at whose terrors they scoffed lightly. Mis Noel grew serious. +, an unassailable objection to credibility of most ghost stories," she said, very slowly. Ll?erG, )vas a curious thrill in her low voice which brought Rufski's eyes to her SngTi fire11''8'. bUt ShC Wa in,'!1 aauot believe that the Maker of W® Universe would permit the infac- nn» as H,B.law8 the frivolous pur- fiX?, terrorism that seems then usual design," she continued. "But one has come to my knowledge recently, w . hosR purpose is worthy of God's mercy, "w1Un Se tl'uth 1 therefore believe." Ui»T ..I llow colerQn you are!" Laura pried, with laughing incredulity. "You don t really believe a ghost story?" comefedly'-as I believe that all sin comes to punishment." Rufski shrugged his shoulders slight- Madame will deign to con- wlm i.no f1S "istake a student of life, inere aa?10<l that he discerned sin- of n v i g e tbe srecu bay tree' ..v ch the Bible tells us." It n-m" Sbali hear this story, and I think u v. ill convince you." Rufski's brilliant eyes sought if' x? agam beds avoided them. flowed vmh. If® n more Iibera"y en- Womm. oruence than are other temperament in this nn- E . gen<ptin. But words that eaned tiP «e memoiY of her isteners „ ibsl 38 sbe described the the fn'L In emPty apartment, had sn JuT1.<>f 8efiUre repose wbich I her and tenousiy appeared before | Jwhiii b® ceepmg shadow of murder 1 BlXmyed Jt Tben< without lated « r silellt auditors, she re- aaJjBiejiames of the actors of this ghosty tragedy had become known to its belholder, and tuat corroborating circumstance and motive were not lack ing to link the phantom to reality and to establish its truth. "A truth, the purpose of whose awful revelation will be accomplished," Mrs Noel concluded in the level voice which had told the whole story. "The woman to whom it was revealed understands its merciful warning of danger to one beloved— a danger to avert which she is prepared to encounter the most public scandal or the most subtle vengeance — unless her enemy disappears." Through effort that taxed every force of her being, Mrs Noel slowly lifted her gaze to Rufski's face. A face front which the mask of con trol and civilisation had been swept away ,and which confronted her, ghast ly with supernatural horror, devilish with the lust of hate, while In his pale .eyes stared that look whose recognition banished from her soul any doubt whieli might perchance in future years have shaken her conviction of his guilt. From that face, those eyes, she recoiled with an involuntary homage of the flesh to the present menace of Death. With a cry Laura fluug herself on her kees between her mother and Rufski, as though interposing her own slight strength before that mother's half-com prehended danger. Rufski sank back in his chair hiding his face with his hands. There was silence. Silence, during which Mrs Noel, feel ing the clasp of her child's arms thank ed God! Whatever tibe outcome of this moment's suspense, Laura was saved. Laura's heart had spoken, and its first utterance had been for her. "Pardon, Madame!" - Rufski mur mured at last, pautingly. "A thous and pardons for the scene I make. Your horrible story has overstrained nerves sorey shattered by much suffering"— his voice broke down. He rose unsteadily to his feet. His face was white and quivering, but his eyes had recovered their disclretion, and confessed only the weakness his words had defined. "Will Madame forbear judgment on the absent whom her eloquence has driven to flight?" An instant Mrs Noel hesitated. An instant, in which her courage touched its highest reach and faltered. Her child was safe. Let him go, then, with his past, of which she had such strange knowedge, to his future, which she was powerless to limit or control. "Concerning the absent, Monsieur, I am dumb— so long as bis absence en dures." He bowed profoudly, walked swiftly toward the door, turned there, bowed again, and was gone. "Mother!" Laura cried, clinging close. "Don't tell me what you meant, or why he went away! I saw him look at you as if . Darling mother, something terrible has come near us, hut it has passed. Promise that we shall never speak of it again."— Ellen Mackubin, in the "New York Tribune." 