The Ministry Visits Bungarra. £For the Geraldton Exjtress.] (BY BUXOARRA.) " Order, gents, order if you please; are we a parcel of kids just iet out of school, or are we free an<i independent citizens with a sacred dooty to those as elected us?" It was the chairman of the Progress Committee^ who spoke, the chosen bend of civic right'and matters municipal whose dignity had been jarred by a wordy dispute nt the lower end of the.room where two members were differing loudly over Free Trade and Protection. He one answered the chairman's query, but silence prevailed as that dignitary, stroking his beard with one hand and ramming the tobacco do*n his pipe with his left thumb, proceeded to announce — " There's a distinguished visitor about to visit Bungarra, and it appears the Silver-tail push at ithe other end of the town are trying to capture him, (Tokens of disapproval.) AS the chosen representatives of this growing community we must be first and foremost and present him with an address of welcome and show him the color of our hospitality. The various other bodies of the torn will follow our lead.'.' It was indeed true, A high mid mighty member of the Government was making a tour of inspection to the gold fields and would arrive In a few days. A Reception committee was formed representative of all classes and preparations were pushed ahead <with all speed. Accommadation for visitors being very limited, the leading firm of "mining, commission and produce agents, auctioneers, valuators and accountants, mining properties bonght and sold on the shortest notice," as the sign orer the door ran— vacated the mud-brick shanty. 10ft. x 15ft., where their extensive business was conducted and proceeded to decorate it for the expected gueit. A man was put on to plug up the holes in the roof with sacking in case it should rain. Old shirts were stuffed into the chinks and crannies in the wal's to keep out the draught, the floor was brushed and a volunteer furbished up the collection of quartz specimens on the shelves, by expectorating on them one by oce—he bad run a fruit-shop before he took to mining—and polishing them on his trousers. An old sailor was sitting crosslegged in one corner ripping Up some empty flour sacks and sewing them together with a triangular packing-needle and some coarse twine to make sheets for the only two movable bunks in the camp already in position along the far wall, while, untold luxury, a square > of carpet, formerly Brussel's, though, alas ! all the brustles had b.en long ago worn off it, had been lent by the only washer-lady on the diggings, a relic of comfortable ci<camstances in happier climes. During the day the shanty was visited and inspected with many expressions of admiration by knots of miners and fossiekera till expectation was all a'tiptoe for the forthcoming event. Twenty-four hours before the expected arrival a special messenger of welcome was despatched down the track to meet the approaching cavalcade. The fiery steed he bestrode was old enough to vote, but it was a bard matter for anybody or anything to get on the rolls then, and after accomplishing a score or so of miles lay down 'or a rest. Then, while. the u special" was busy wolfing a hasty scrap of tucker, the beast, who was a bush quadruped and modest to boot, wandered off into the mulgd and lost himself. It was too much bliss To meet a live Government member and perhaps receive 'a responsive neigh from the pampered horses^ that pulled his chaiiot! No, not for him. So he hied himself into a thick clump of bushes on a distant elevation and chuckled as he regarded the frantic endeavours of the extra spccial to find hii steed. He saw with satisfaction later on that his master, in default of a horse, was taking shanks' mare for it down the track. Next morning the Reception Committee in store clothes—those who had not coats had borrowed them—had its scouts out up tree's and posted on mullock heaps watching for the tell-tale cloud of dust where the dall grey track faded into the far horizon. The champagne was cooling in the waterbag across at the hotel; the three young pullets, secured after iacredible research and keen bargaining at 10* per head by the refreshment committee for the night's banquet, were catching stray flies on the wooden bars of their improvised coops; the roustabout and the slushy, seated on the ground under the pub. verandah? were polishing up the borrowed knives and forks in the sand readylfor the frty, and a picked penman, with his head on one side and his tongue in the corner of his mouth, was pa; ting the finishing touch's to the addresses of welcome to be presented by the various public bodies of the township. {| A handkerchief waves from a mulga tree to the half right front, a shout of " They come, they come " rises from a man on the roof of the hotel, eager auimitioa succeeds the air of apathy on the waiting faces, as a lirge police waggonette is driven up smartly and halts in fie main street. The illustrious visitor descends and shakes a ton on so of fine dust off his shape and the spokesman of the Reception Committee advancees . and smiles all over his 6x9 face. He bows. The visitor bows. They both biw. Then the spokesman smiles some mor<\ Then he does it again. They then shake bands. The bystanders are all smiling too. The spokesman then pulls a roll of paper out of his breast, like a policeman serving a writ, hitches up his pants, and preceeds to fire off at the visitor nearly two feet of assorted verbiage, wbil« the individual addressed ra : ses his hat, stands in the blazing6un aad perspires freely. •'We the undersigned, &e;, &c;,...loyal and devoted citizens, &e.;,..our illustrious and distinguished visitor, &c...hope; and desire, &j...cordial; and spontaneous wel come, Ac, &c;,"' All the adjectives are double barellei and signatures at the end appear, at a distance, as if a spider had escaped from the inkoot, into which lis Lad fallen, and I ad crawled all over the face of the scroll, ills sddr Si is thea handed across to the g:e4 mm who glances at it, drops a few beads of perspiration over the wording and responds briefly. Great pleasure...unbounded surprise, gratifying to himself...great and growing towi ship..." and other favorite chestnuts figuring through the speech, and" then he finishes nni everybody watche3 for the flank movement on the Pub. A stay of proceeding?, however, ensues. The tall aud stalwart forin of the chairman of she Progress Committee, followed by the rest of that nugust body, push s its way through the throng and confronts the dis- tinguished guest. An onimous looking roll of paper is ia his hand, the smiling and handshaking is repeated. It must be explained that the Reception Committee was supposed to represent the "Silver-tailed Push" composed of what the diggers called the "kerosene toffs," men who wore collars and socks and only said " blanky " occasionally and not with every other word they spoke, while the Progress Committee represented the bone and 1 sinew of the diggings, the men who created the place and won the gold. The rivalry between the two factions was vigorous but suppressed. Once more the great man rises his hat and hears the old, old story fired off as the dust and the perspiration blend on his roomy face:— " We the undersigned, &c...cordial; and spontaneous welcome, &c;, 4c..." with crosses and " his mark " at the foot. The same reply couched in the same words constitutes the return volley, and this time the firing party and all concerned ad vance on the hotel The six-foot, long bearded leader of the Aristocracy acts as esquire on the left; the six-foot, long bearded head of the Democrats poses on the light. The publican is adorned with a smile and a corkscrew audjputs in a sharp, short shift among the bottles as the popping of corks evidences. Introductions follow, with: toasts, and then there is an adjournment to the special quarters across the creek, or the main street, as the Bungarrowites prefer to call it. Within fiteen minutes a small crowd of about a doz?n earnest-looking men assemble outside the door of the bat humpy and whisper together. One of them has a roll of paper in his hand and is practising a smile to himself. It is a sickly effort. * Are you ready, boys ?" The boys addressed smooth their wellgreased hair over their temples, adjust the unwonted necktie, and pull up as much barcoo-scarrcd arm as possible in thei; coat sleeves. Then there is a loud knock at the door, followed by a hurried voice from a man who is peering in under the windowblind— . " Hold on a minute, buys—lie "is changing his pants." It is too late. The door opens, and the deputation files in. The man with •he roll advances to the front. His expression is like that of a poisoned dog. It is the smile. His eyes are wide open, and his cheeks are drawn up, showing a row of teeth as sym- metrical as an alley of tombstones in a cemetery. The visitor ii fastening up buttons, looking hot and uncomfortable, and making earnest endeavors to reproduce that smile. The leader commences— " We. the undersigned—Sick, Accident, and Blind Drunk Association, etc.—illustrious and distinguished visitor, etc.—hope and pray, etc.—cordial and spontaneous welcome, etc. etc. etc." The trail of the amateur penman is over this address j equally with the others. The same artist is responsible for them all. The great man completes fastening his 1 braces, and looks correspondingly happier, as with a look upwards to recall the words, he replies in the usual set terms, and places the scroll on the top of the trsnk with the others. As the depu'-ation withdraws, it runs right into the arms of another body of earnest-looking men just outside the door, rehearsing the smile. There is a similar group a hundred yards down the street, and another just emerging from the pub opposite. There is no mistaking their purpose. "Lend ns your coat, Bill. My shirt ain't ovar snowy." The change takes plac:, neckties follow, and again the door of the guest-house is pushed open, and the smiles enter, accompanied by the bearer^ The representative of responsible Government has a glass of water in one hand and a toothbrush in the other. He puts them down hastily, and swallows a mouthful of tooth-powder in his hurry. Then he braces himself up, andar ranges his face symmetrically, as he listens with all the interest he can assume. We, the undersigned—Anti-Political League and Local Tammany Hall—-illustrious and distinguished visitor, etc.—a most cordial aud spontaneous welcome, etc. ete. ietc." As the addr.-ss proceeds, the left side of the victim's face sags a little. The stnin is too great. While the right side maintains the same pleased expression of mingled pleasure and gratification, the other Eide has declined several.points, and needs bracing up. The ordeal is over at length, the reply fired back, and the room empty—for ten minutes. Platoons and battalions of public bodies with addresses follow, by fours, in ec'ie'lon, in companies and in *light skirmishing order. The Hospital Comuiitte, the Dramatic Club, the Ancient and Independent Order i.f Dryblowers, the Journeymen Fossickers, and many others are all well represented, winding up finaily ab -ut 5 p.m. with the Society of Freethinkers, .in the person of one Elijah Brown,more familiarly known as Mad B.own among those who suffered the pain of his p rsonat acquaintance. By tlrs time the guest of the honr had almost completed the toilet he had commenced six hours earlier in the diy. He was just then down on his hands and knees, hunting for a fugitive collar-stud that hid elu'ed his grasp, anl murmuring the various and several platitudes from the prophet Habbakuk that occur to a man on such an occasion. The bunk, chiir, and every piece of furniture in the room was covered with addresses, and the ends of two more were projecting from his trouserspockets, when the door was pushed open, and Mad Brown, entering, tilted his hat over on the back of his head, and commenced without more ado— " VVe; the undersigned, members of the Freethinkers, etc.—illustrious and distinguished visitor, etc. etc.—cardial and spontaneous welcome, etc. etc. etc," when the paity addressed climbed slowly to his feet and faced his persecutor. It was no good. The old stereo, smile would not come, a look of blank amazement had takon its place instead. This was the seventeenth deputation, and the whole population of Bungarra only numbered slightly over 200. Every man in the plac: seemed to belong to from six to eight public bodies. M-auwhile the reading of the address continued. It was composed chiefly of intricate theological problems that entered nowhere in particular, meandered over several sheets of foo'scap and vanished down obscure by-path3. The re.tder finally closed it with the words, " Signid Elijah Brown, president; Elijah Brown, treasurer; Elijah Brown, secretary." With a masterful grasp of the situation, the mighty politician advancing, placed his hands firmly on Bro wn's shoulders, "My young friend " he mattered, " nothing short of a special Act of Parliament will meet your casa. This shall bs my special care. Leave me _ipw, your argu- ments have utterly unstrung me. Go to your kennel, I mean claim. Come and see me again next year or the year after or the evening -after the judgment day, but go and go quickly." Brown, withl the strong hand on his shoulder still, is gently but firmly shown through the door which closes after him with a vicious snap. The great man piles the chair, the furniture generally and his own valises against the door and sinks down on the bunk on tho top of those addresses, closes his eyes and vainly tries to_restore his mental equilibrium in sleep. He dozes. But a ghastly nightmare seizes him. All round the room he sees texts hung commencing u We the undersigned." In vain he presses the lids closer on the throbbing eyeballs. A hand appears with the fatal words scrawled on it in letters of blood. A thousand demons surround him each armed with an Address of Welcome on the end of a pitchfork and chant the deadly refrain, six-foot de • vils with long beards, who are all chairmen of public committees. Finally they jump upon him and endeavor to ram the whole collection of Addresses down his throat. He struggles. There is a crash, and he awakes to find lie has tumbled off the bunk and is sitting on the floor rubbing the part he has hurt the most while a voice at the door is saying " Seven o'clock, just ready to start the Banquet. We have come to escort you," and with a sigh of utter resignation be gives up the ghost and meekly follows his guides to the guzzle. 