BRITISH AID FORESGN MEMS. London's population increases by about 70,000 every year. Each Londoner on an average receive two letters a week. The Salvation Army holds over 2,000,000 services during the year. Muffs were firat used by doctor.?,, in order to keep their fingera soft. It is estimated that in England one woman in every sis earns her own living. In tbe public schools in Japan the English language is required to be taught by-law. Nearly three tons of stamps are dis patched daily from Somerset Houae, London. It is computed that 20,000 tons of canned eatmon are consumed annually in England. The figure of Britannid first appeared on the coin of the realm in the reign of CharleB II. It is calculated that every 10 days of London fog casts 25,000 people on a bed of sickness. In the number of murders Italy leads Europe. In the number of suicides Euasia is ahead. One hundred and twenty firemen are required to feed the furnaces of a first Atlantic steamer. I . The growth of nails on the left band requires eight or ten days long ir than those on the right. .... The. London and North- Western Bail way Company, England, consumes 3500 tons of coal per day. . Crocodiles, like ostriches, swallow, pebbles and small stones for the purpose of grinding their food. ., %Wbile the sparrow-hawk is swooping dow.n. on. its prey it cleaves space a1; the irate of 150 miles an hour. In making champagne the graphs are squeezed six times, each pressure making wfne of-a different quality. ' The 12 greatest banks in Europe have ana^grega^e issue of £457,000,000; specie, £253,300,000 ; deposits, £117,400,000. Great Britain has 180,000 miles of roads which cost £90,000,000, and 6000 -miles of streets which cost £60.000,000. ?''?' The depth of water has a considerable influence on the speed of steamers, which are found to more move more Blowly in shallow water. Theterm 'filthy lucre,'by which money is often called, originated in Scotland, and had reference to the well-worn £1 notes iof that country. According to Nilsson, the zoologist, tbe weight of the Greenland whale is 100 tons, or 224,000lb.f or equal to that of 88 I elephants or 440 bears. 1 . The largest and oldest chestnut tree in 1 -the world stands. at the foot of Mount I Etna. It is 253 't. in circumference and 1 ia known to be at least 2000 years old. I . v- The Japanese Government is anxious to I -increase the stature of the people, and with 1 that objest in view has set about to en* 1 courage tbe use of meat as an article of I diet. I The death- is announced a* the age of I 92, of Mr. Francis William Newman, the I well- known writer on theological and other 1 Bubjec's, aid brother of the late Cardinal I Newman; I Many Parisian publishers blame the I bicycle for the falling off in the sale of I their books. They assert that people ride 1 as long aa it is daylight and at night are I too tired to read. I A philanthropic society iu St. Peters - I burg which haa started the picking up of I .fiigar ends in the streets makes, on an I average, something like £300 a month I from this source alone. I In the United States 9,000,000 farm I bands raise half a3 tnu^h grain as 66,000,000 in Europe. Thus the use of I proper machinery makes a farm laborer in ihe United States worth' more than three in Europe. I The greatest portion of Africa is owned I by France, with 3,500,000 square miles ; next cornea Great Britain, with 2,250,000 square milea ; Germany and Portugal, 900,000 square miles each ; Italy, 600,000; and Spam, 25,000 square miles. The British Houses of Parliament are partly lighted by 40,000 electric lamps, which number is being constantly in ! creased. . Fifcy experienced electricians I are employed to keep the system in order. j But there is Btill a yearly gas bill of over £2000. The tunnels of the world are estimatec to number about 1142, with a total length of 514 milea. There are about 1000 railroad tunnels, 12 subaqueous tunnels, 90 canal tuanela, and 40 conduit tunnels, ifritb. aggregate lengths of about 350 miles. The supposed grave of Eve is vmted by over 40,000 pilgrims each year. It is- to be seen at Jeddab, ia a cemetery outside the city walls. The tomb ia 50 cubits long and 12 wide. The Arabs entertain a belief that Eve was the tallest woman that ever lived. A pathetic little incident (says the East London Church Chronicle) wa? witnessed some time ago on the occasion of a child ren's excursion into the country. . A small East- land boy at* the first sight of of daisies growing in a field knelb down and kissed them. The Austrian Railroad Minister has issued a cireular.to all the railroad man agements of the country recommending them, to grant a yearly vacation of two weeks to all regular employe?, which is in accordance with the practice of the S^ate railroads for some years past. The record of train accidents in the United States during June includes 40 collisions, 52 derailments, and three other accidents, a total of 95 accidents, in which 45' persons were killed and 127 injured. Out of these the reason for 33 of the ac cidents has not been ascertained. The average wealth throughout the world, taking its popnla^ion at ona thou sand n-e hundred millions, U about £65 per head according to recent calculations. .Russia, in spite of her great natural re sources, appears to be the poorest civi lised-nation on the faea ot the globe. On the arm of a young woman in New York is a photograph placed there by lightning. She is a tel graph operator, and while she was sending a message to St. John's during a storm she felt an acute pain in her arm, and on looking at it found the, exact representation oi a TeaV ??. ?? ?-??? ? --V'-V ??:''? The Island of Jamaica, owing ? to its peculiar situation and climate, is said to .possess a greater variety and abundance of ferns than any known place on the globe. No fewer than 500 species of ferns grow there, and probably no 6th. r equal area produces half that number of fern*. The Turk was originally a Tartar, with a.nosa as flat as that of the Hun, a re ceding chin and squint eyes, but by amalgamation with the nations he has conquered, ha3 elevated his nose, straight ened his eyes, and brought his chin into a prominence more becoming than it was before. The old Chapel-of Ease at Tunbridge Wells stands partly in Kent and partly in Sussex, but more than that it also stands in three parishes. When the clergyman leaves the vestry he comes out of the parish of Frant, in Sus3 x, and if he U going to officiate ab the altar he walks into the parish of Tunbridge, in Kent. If, on the other hand, he is going to preach the sermon he walks from Frant into the parish of Spelduurst. Persons suffering from delirium tremene u-u'illy imagine that they are surrounded bv snakes A possible explanation of this hallucination is offered by the result of some recent experiments. Sixteen aleo laolitf patients were examined with the ophthalmoscope, and it was found that the minute blood-vessels in the re'ina of thir eyeo was congested. In thia con dition they appe ir blask and are projected into the field of vis'on, where their move clients resemble the squirming of serpents. 'Pekoe,' in the Canton dialect, means ' whi'e hair,' and for this kind of tea the very youngest leayes of all are gathered, so young that the white down of baby hood is* strUrupon them — whence their name. ' Congo ' means ' labor ;' con siderable trouble and pains are taken in its preparation at Amoy, and these are perpetuate I in its name ' Bohea ' . is named after a range of hills in Fo-Kien ; ' Souchong ' expresses no sentiment, but a ba'.d fact, being Cantonese for the 'small kind ;'. ' Hyson ' signifies ' fl mashing spring,' It ia stated thai Mr. W. Feltz, who is described as an enterprising ball -onist, ha§ completed all the necessary prepara tion for making an aerial excursion from the summit of Pike's Peuk to Colorado Springs. He will uao a Beriea of rigid aeroplanes modelled after the wings of a condor. In order to ateer the apparaHi«, he haa' provided a movable vane. The length of the air line between the two points is 10 miles, and the drop is about 8000ft. Mr. Feltz'e preeeat intention i to alight on Cameron's Cone, a distance of five miles and . a drop of 4000ft., and then raove on td Colorado Springs, where' he will, if possible, alight. The educational touring system now being tried in Germany ia interesting. The invading army of pleasure blended with instruction marches with a vanguard and a rearguard, and also with skirmish ing .scouts whose duty ifc is to bpat up ' objects of interest;' andrej3drt whatever they find—bo ifc a castle or a caterpillar, a butterfly or a baer- saloon— to head quarters. More than this, they play the part upon .a small scale of b^ld explorers in a foreign land* They find out from fiayage villagers the naaies of all the hills and map them down, and they inquire what becomes of every stream they cross, and, if possible, verify the information. The oldest tree iu the great botanical gardenj the Jardin des ?lanfe9, at Paris j is an acacia, planted. 230 years ago. This tree is described by ' La Naturo ' as being covered with' wrinkles of old age,' and supported on ' crutches.' It bas With difficulty withstdod recent tempests. Its wounds have been cohered With plas ters, and its fallen trunk and branches bound and stiffened with rods and braces. A determined effort is being mad^ to save its lite, and much gratification ia ex pressed because it has this season once more put forth leaved. But the mmagers of the garden have posted a bulletin an nouncing that anothdr tedipest will be likely tdend the old tree'a career. A strange thing about the dread of the. supernatural is its greater p -wer of transmission. One may, no doubt, read about hairbreath escapes with a pleasing thnill of danger, and very sensitive people may eveu find it ' trying' how the hero of a mountain climb crawled aknsj a ledge of rotten rock with a 200Cffc. drop below and a sheer Wa1! of cliff above, but no one is really terrified by this in the way that sensitive people ara terrified by reading or hearing ghost ptoriei. People susceptible to auc'i impressions not un frequently find themselves in tSe position of Sir Walter Scott and Hannah More, who sat up telling ghost stories till they were both afraid to go to bed.— * Spectator. Professor Ladislas Weinek, Director of the Prague Observatory, is abjut to publish a great phonographic atlas of the moon, containing 200 maps, 26 centime tres by 31, and showing the principal lunar illumination. Tiie originals from which these enlargements are made are 100 iu number — 94 from the Lick Obser vatory, four frcm that of Paris, two from that Arequipa. The L:ck negatives have been enlarged to 24 times the original scale, bringing the resulting enlargements to a scale of 10 feet for the mean diameter of the mo m. These mips will be executed by a.phototypic method direct from the glass enlargement by a we'1-known photo graphicinstitute of Carl Bellmarm, Prague, and will be issued in sets of 20 to appear at intervals of two or three months until the first series of 200 maps is completed. Do8s anybody know what a Tappit Hen is regarded as the measurement of a wine, bottle ? Magaums we know. Sometimes we have the advantage of seeing a double ma»num of vintage port or claret go round. A jeroboam, much more rarely seen, holds eight bottles, while an imperial cavers the contents of 10 bottles. But what is a Tar»pit Hen ? It is, I have learned from a friend who has some of these strange birds cooped in his wine cellar, a bottle containing claret equal to the amount of six ordinary bottles, B-ifc why a Tappit Hen even he did not know. He ia a Scottish laird, living in the kingdom of Fife, which sti 1 holds the reputation run ning back to the days of Ma*y Stuart, of possessing rare cellars of claret. Tappit Hen ia evidently a Scottish phrase, and ic is only north of the Tweed where men drink claret out of a six-bottle flagon. A Toronto telegram dated September 2 says : — An awful accident occurred yes terday afternoon tt three American tourists who were carried over the Falls, ofcoursa to instantaneous deaths. Sui cides often occur at Niagara, and the bodies are seldom seen again. Such acci dents as yesterday's, however, are rare. The men most foolishly attempted to sail from Chipp3\va down stream. O.viagio the mismanagement of a sail they were drawn into the current, and the boat got beyond coutrol iu Bight of the people ou the shore about a mile above the Falls, and was swept away. The craft; capsized in the rapids. The men, exhausted by pu'ling, were shot out and whirled on wards over the upper cascades. The boat was washed ashore. One man bad nearly reached land, where the people were ready to rescue him, but be was caught by an eddyj and all were swept into the mad battle of rapids and rocks. They were last seen above the Horse Sho0 Falls, and then disappeared-, carried over; the awful green centre of the downpour on the Canadian side. - / Sister Evelyn f writing lately to the Johannesburg Star, describes;; a terrible case of privation which hd,s been brought tinder her notice in the brickfields there : — In a mud hovel* some lOft. by 8ft., the roof within a few inches of our head, there lay dead a woman, and she had so lain since early the day before. Cancer bald sapped her life's blood, but, poisonous as is the air, human beings are forced ta inhabit the place. A prematurely old man kneels by her weeping, a. broken arm a'nd collatbono (never properly Bet) in capacitating him from work. Five chil dren, barefooted and filthy, run in and out. White and pinched are their faces, and three of tbem had sore eyes. For sit months they have existed somehow. The old man has wa'ked weary miles with a subscription-list which has' so far rea lised but 4s. Every attempt to bring real aid to the stricken woman - Bas failed. Priest and levite alike have ' paa/ed on tbe other side.' Even a free funeral was refused unless as a pauper, and as twilight fell th9 poor woman was buried with no minister to read the ser vice, tha greyhaired husband offering a trembliig prayer a* ' dust to dust ' was s und^di And this ia the city of millionaires 1 - ? The British and .African Company's Jiofal Mail steamer Roquelle, which arrived at Liverpool towards the end of August from t.ha West Coast of Africa, .brings the following remarkable i report ; — Somo time ago a steamer was lost, and ft nu Tiber of Kroo boys from Bereby were drowned. Several other Kroo boys from the same race were aaved, and returned home. The relatives of tha deceased men became i-abued with the idea that the surviving Krootnen had caused the accident to the ship which resulted in the death of their relatives. They therefore resorted to the native superstitious method of making them drink Bass water. 8asg water is a pnsomus liquid, but if the native drinks a ad survives it is taken as a proof that he is innocent. Should he, however, die, he is regarded as guilty. It is seldom, how ever, that any who drink the real sass water recover. In the present case it was reported that the natives were not content with dealing with the survivors they could lay their hands upon, but also made some of their relations pa?s through the terrible ordeal. It was said that in all about 20 Datives perished in this way, but bo as not to attract attention to the fiendish acts, the natives proceeded very quietly during a period of several months. Bereby is now a French possession. . ; A recoil pistol, self-loading on the principle of tin Mixim gun, has been in vented by Mauser, the famous German maker of smill arms. The Engineering Magazine says that ' the general arrange ment of ihe arm is that of the modern magazine guns, on a gma'ler scale, the principal difference being in the sliding breech-block and Bring mpchaniem, tbe force of the recoil throwing the block back and at the same time compressing a long spiral spring, which re' urns it after thi cartridge has been fed upward. So long as the trigger ia drawn back the firing continue, while, if the trigger be released, the wetpon remains loaded and cocked ready for action upon the next pull of the finger. The cartridges are fastened together in charges of ten, which ean ba quickly loaded into the magazine. The pistol is also made for twenty cartridges at a loading. The ra pidity of fire is, of course, the great point, and it ia stated eighty shots a minute can bo successfully fired. No attempt is made to cool tbs barrel, as is done in the Maxim gun, but no ill effects appear from this omission. A ten Bhot pistol of this tvpe was fired 2,200 timss as rapidly as possible, without being cooled or cleaned, and operated perfectly without apparent in jury, while no appreciable wear upon the parts was visible after 10,003 shots. The extent to which such a wcapm will be found useful in actual warfare may be questioned, sinc-3 the waste of ammunition in p-oporion to the execution ia likely to be large, but, considered as a mechanical device, ifc ia certainly a most ingenious production, and possibly tnay lead to another revi ion of the small arms of more than ono nation, should the recoil principle be demonstrated of sufficient practical valua to demand further extension.' 