FOILING A FAITHLESS WIFE It is an old and n true saying that.44 Ttaora is no fool iilre an old fool," nni it was fully ex emplified when Mr. Job Bmetburst, a retired Froslun tradeiman, 68 years of age, a ni dower of 15 years slauding, and fattier of three grown- < up daughters, oguiu took to himself n wife, tho bride being only 18. Probably the— I was abont to write "uld man,' but be wnnld have resented tbat ; bin), indeed, tor his years, Job was re- markably well piesurved ; probably bo felt lonesome since the uxuriagn of his third daugh ter, and decided on aDother wife as a remedy for the ennui from which ho suffered. Before hor nuirriege his youngest d-ughtor seaared & housekeeper, a handsome, buxom widow, shout 30 or possibly 35 ; aud it was. seou rumoured in the neighbourhood tbat tho widow -was sslting ber oap atJub, aud meant to bo Mrs. Smethurst. Be that as it inny, I do know that he was chaffed in tbo bar parlour of the Mitre, and vehemently dented it. Whether tho rumours set him thinking about a wife or not 1 eaunot say, but the fact remains tbat he suddenly left home at the sains timo as tha 18- year old daughter of a ueigbbuur. Folly Slater was the eldest daughter of an ordinary labourer, a street repairer in tbe em ploy of tbe Corporation, and had became known to the Smethurst family through her mother going there ns a washerwoman, l'oliy was a good-looking girl ; of middle height, nice figure, rosy cheeks, uud blaek, duly hair. She had learnt dressmaking, and had not long stalled iu business for Uursrlf when she and old Jacob eloped. After nn absence of a month they returned man nnd wife, the careful bridegroom having takon her to Scarborough, eusconsed her iu tho house of a respectable widow, and then piitiontly wailed until they could be married bv an ordiuary licence. Soon after their return, tbo widow having -been dismissed with a month's wagea in Jieu of notice, it became kuown in the neighbourhood tbat quarrels were of almost daily occurrence between tho elderly husband and his girl wife. She told the neighbours that Job had promised .to ullow her mother to live witii thorn ; while ijob stoutly declared that the subject bad never (been mentioned at all until after their return home, and that ho would as soon think of having a tiger in the houso aa a mother-in-law, ccptcially u gossiping old washerwoman. As may be supposed, when this foolish speech of his reached tile ears of Mrs. Slater, she did all a venomous woman could to maka things hot for poor Job ; aud he bad cot a very nice time t cf it. But relief came unexpectedly. After a more than copious libation at tbe giu bottle, Mrs. Slater fell downstairs aud broke her neck. Aftor that the youug wito became quieter, and seemed more reconciled to ber lut. Job stayed at home oftuner in tbo evemogs, and played cards and , dominoes with her, uud on Uuo afternoons took tier fi.r a walk, end occasionally for a drive, Hoiudulged hertasto for dress to a greater pxtent, and stopped railing at her extreva- gaueu iu housekeeping, Under these altered circumstances tho neigh bours of the Smethursts began to think the un equal marriage might turn out better than had been t-xpi cted, when .lack Mnson returned homo, after being at sea for more than two years. Jack bad bren Polly's sweetkeurt, but as he ran away from bis apprenticeship, and she had beard nathiug of him, she had' giveu him up tor dead. The young wife was on her way up Fishergate when she mot Jack coming out ef the old station gates. i 44 Why, Folly, is that you ?" he exclaimed. ' 44 Jack Musou I" she replied, staring no though she had seen n ghost. 44 Ay, it's mo, sure enough. Haw are you getting on p Who are you in mourning for p" . 44 Mother. And I'm married." I 44 blamed ? Well, I'm blest t" 1 44 You dbould have written, Jaok ; you knew where I lived.'.' 44 Who's the husband ? Do I know him?" ; 44 Mr. Smetbutst." ! 44 What, Old Job P" an! tbe young fellow burst into a fit of immoderate laughter. 44 What is there to luugh at, John Mason ? My husband can maintain me ns a lady, i have evetything I waut." 44 No, you havou't. Folly. When a true woman marries, it's for love. Don't tell me vou love old Job, for it wouldn't bo true. But X must get home. There'll be a surpriie. They know nothing of my coming. I'll scoyou again. Good morning." 44 Good morning, Juck." That unfortunate meeting signalised the commencement of Mrs. Bmuthurst's downfall The young sailor booo made himself acquainted with the daily habits of old Job nud during bis absence from home, Mrs. Smethurst often met clandr stinelK her j former lover. But so cunningly were these meetings arranged that not tlio slightest snpicion was felt by the police, after the must minute inquiries in the noigbour- hoad, that youug Mnsou had bud aught to do with the robbery of nearly £400 from a wooden trunk in old Job's bedroom. Mr. Smethurst had had the money out ou mortgage, hub the properly having been purchased with a view tn being ribuiit, the mortgage had been paid out. Old Job. as ha dejectedly admitted, ought to bnve bankud the money fortLwith. but there was to beun ; auotioo sale of some bouse property iu a fiirr dnya, and ho therefore kept tbe money, with tbe intention of probably ... becoming a buyer at tbo sale. ' The robbery took place one evening, while Job and bis wife were at the theatre. On their roturn they could not obtain admittance by tho front door, andou going round to tbo back, Job found the dour open. He instantly guessed what had happened, snd, hastening upstairs villi a candle, found his fears coullrmcd. His trunk had bcou. broken open, aud the wholo of the money was missiug. Tbe front door had been securely wedged both at tbe bottom and over tbe latoh, to euable the thief or thieves to escupo by the btok door if they had been dis turbed. Mr. Smethurst went at once to the polioe station, and gave information of bis lass. Tbe numbers of tlio stolen bank notes, amounting to £350, bo produced, written on a sheet of uuto- pnper ; tho rest of tbo menoy was in gold. The . affair was placed in the bauds of a well-known detective, aud that officer made every effort to obtain a olue to the thief, but in vain. Hud he been informed that au old boy sweetheart of Mrs. Smethurst had recently returned home, it IB possible he might have made some disrovery that would have oaused Jack Musou to bo sus pected ; but oo ono had seen Mrsi Bmethuret anil Jaok Mnson together since be came home, aud their boy and girl attachment seemed to have been forgotten by tbo neighbours. Iu tbo meantime, Jack bad gone kauk to bis old employers, to sBrve out his apprenticeship as a litter in a machine shop, baring apparently limt i-uuuch of tbe sea. I lived in the samo neighbourhood kb the Smuthuists, anil was naturally somewhat in terested in the uffiirs of the ill-assuited couple. At the timo oi the robbery I was located as a ' - telegraph, elerk at the railway station, on the side then known us the Eoat Lancashire. Our Tival company hud their office on the opposite sido, where the London trains arrived. 1 was on friendly terms with Bannister, the Eleotrio Company's clerk, und oltea spent ahulf-Uour with him in bio office. Ono afternoon when I wes in tore I ohnnccd to overhear him reading off tbo mstrument a message which his boy was writing down, and It seemed so peculiar that I also jetted it dowu, .nt (titithnoy intention nt tiui time of making ' any usa of it, honever.lt was only after reading it a second timo in my own offico that I sus pected its moaning. The message was as fol lows t — 44 See F. at once, and toll ber to come. I not, she will be sorry." I had not oaught tbe namo and address of the addressee ; but when it struck me that the F. might stand for Folly, and refor to Mrs, Smethurst,! determined to find out who got the raenwgo. My messenger and Bannister's wore great friends, so, when I asked my boy tn ascer tain if the other lad had taken a message that afternoon to Mrs.SmctUursl's, and where it was from, I kuew it would bo dono, in the morning I wiih told that the message had beun sent to a girl friend of Mrs. Smethurst's.sud that ii came from Liverpool. Following up tLis I managed 'to ascertain that Jack Mason bad gouo on a week's ienvu of absence to see his old captain at Liverpool. What would bo tho next scene in tbe comedy ? If the youug wife left borne, I knew it would bo to join Mason, uud I should feel sure that one nr both had beeu guilty of stealing the old man's money. She would go by a night train, I thought, to avoid being seen ; and 1 thcrefors watched the trains on the fol lowing ovening. With a very thick veil, and having divested herself of her mourning costume, the erring wife joined tho last East Ltnoasbire train for Liverpool, and immediately. I returned to the homo of tho Smetliursts to break to the uld man the tidings of bis wife's departure. Had 1 been able to easily find bim, he could bavo gone to Liverpool slso that night bv tbe other routa ; but ho was spending the eveniug with an old friend, aud did not return homo uutil Ike train bad left. He was in when I knocked at tho door, and, not finding his wife at home, ho was in some degree prepared for my disclosure. 41 Lot her go ! ' Shu will soon repent, and be glad to come baok azain !" ha said, quietly, and with what 1 thought complete indifference. 44 1 tliiuk if you core to follow and traco her, you will find that she has joined the thief who had your mnnoy," I remarked, rising to go. 44 What's thut ? Who is lie ? Dou't go, Mr. Lupton. Tell mu all you know.'" I told bim of the boy snd girl attachment of Jaok Mason and Folly Slater, and his apathy vanished. 44 Thank you, Mr. Lupton. Right or wrong ill your surmises, yau have done mo a service, and I'll not forget it." By the first train in the morning Mr. Smst- trarst was off to Liverpool, and iminediattly on his arrival ' he sought the assistance of tho Liverpool polioe. They rightly suspected that the runaways would be leaving Liverpool that day for some other country, probably America, aud boarding a steamer that was to ssil foe New York by the noon tide, Jack Mason and Mrs. Bmothurst were found, tbo former disguised by a sham moustache, making him look several years older tiiau he really was. They had booked passages to Now York oh Mr. and Mtc. Johnson. Both were exccoilingly frightened when taken into custody, but when most of the stolen mousy was found in Muson's trunk, he confessed that lie stole it, Mrs. Smethurst having no baud iu it. She did not know that he had it, he de clared. Brought back to Preston, Jark Mason got off with two months' iuiprisoumeut, nud, to tho ill- tense surprise of all who know him, old Job took his wife home again. But it was soon noticed in the neighbourhood that Mrs. Smethurst was by no means forgiven. She was never seen out of doors. At first it was thuugbl by the neighbours that sho was too much ushamed to be si eu ; but somehow it leaked out that old Job kept all ber outdoor clothing locked in his bedroom, on tbe door el which he had placed a very strong iron bar and padlock. He ordered all the provisions him self, and did what marketing was required. For a time the gossips uf the street said it served the youug wile right, nud that old Job was a seus.ble man to adopt such a method of punishment ; but when it wus noticed that she had begun to look pale and thin, oue of bis oldest friends began to remonstrate. Hu was quietly bidden to mind bis own concerns, hut this only roused to fever boat tho indignation of the women, and odo evoniug, when on his way home, old Job wan treated to a shower of small paper bngo filled with flour, followed by a bucket of water. Then a number of tin pans, frying pans, and kettles were beaten outside bis dour for about balf an hour, aud a paper pushed under bis door informed him that tbut dose wus us nothing compared with what would bo bis experience if be did not behave better lo bis wife. Job was a sensible mnu and succumbed to popular opiniou. ' But ho never allowed bis wifo to go out of ins sight ; wherever sbo wont, ho followed. The two mouths of Jaok Mason's imprison ment expired,. and, doubtless to the satisfaction of everybody concerned, ho went straightway to sea again, though not until hu had received formal nolitkatiun from his employers that his conviction had oancelled his indentures, aud they would decline to have him baok again. After it was known tbat tho young follow had actually Bailed in a vessel bound fur San Frau- oisco, old Job soinowbut relaxed iu his vigi- lauoe, and to all outnurd appearance tbu couple bo ame more reconciled to their fnto. The roses oguiu bloomed in the young wife's ohceks, and alio was suffered to go out sl'aue,but only iu the day time. All tbo household bills were, how ever, paid by her husband, and she was not trusted with money. During tbe whole of the period since tbe marriage, old Job's daughters kept sluof from their father and young slopmother. Each of tho three lived reut- iree iu three of his best houses, aud declared that rather thou pouutennuoo their 44 nqjv mamma " they would sacrifice tbe privilege of living rent-free and leave the house for others. Their fathor, however, did not proceed to extremities ; he simply ignored their oxistonce, They would not acknowledge his wife ; he novor went near them. And when the scandal of the elopBmeet was made public, through the prosecution of Jack Mason for robbery, tha three were terribly scandalised at tbeir futlier tultiug back his erring wife, and vowed that they would never cross his threshold again. Job Smethurst had made it his boast tbat be never ailed anything ; bad not troubled a doo- tor fur many a long year ; but within a year after the elnpuuient affair be began to sicken. He could not walk as far nor as fast as formerly ; his breath gut short, and he lost his famous uppetite. Hia appearanccB out of door bccama fewer, and at length ceased alto gether. He gradually lost the use of his liuibs, aud, iluuily, had a paralytic stroke,. His wife mused him assiduously, aud to auy callers he snug her praises as a uurso aud ctmrort to him iu a way that induced them to believe alio had thoroughly repented her punt folly. But his daughters kept away ; their anger at bis foolish marriage hod uut declassed. Probably, had thoy kuown tbu real stato of his illness, they would have relented ; but thoy lived at soma distance, aud never troubled to make special inquiries into hiB condition. The und came suddenly ; old Job was found dead iu hed ene morning by his wife, who had occupied a separate room since her escapade with Jack Mason. Sho scut werd to her etap- duughtcis, intimating H'St they might come to the funeral if they so desired. This they did, and began to assume airs of proprietorship over 'tho belongings of their father, the eldest— before the body of hor father.. had been taken, okt. of.. the. house— declaring that she should take home with her all tho silver, as sho know sho was down for it in the will. But when the party returned from tho funeral, they found a well-known lawyer in the best parlour, and tbu threo daughters wore readcred furious with anger and disap pointment, for everything the old man pos sessed was thereby bequeathed to his 44 dear wife, Polly Smethurst." 44 It is ontrsgeous. Be must have born insano to make suoh a will !" exolaimod the eldest daughter, with blnzlug eyes ; 44 and' if you- will help me we will upset it." 44 My olient, your father, was perfectly ssns when he made this will. It was drawn up with in a wook after bis marriage." 44 And did he never alter it ?" asked the second daughter. 44 No, madam. Tho will oxpreesly revokes a will made eomo years age, snd on behalf of Mrs. Smethurst I am fully prepared to defend this will against any action you may take." 14 Wo will consult our husbands, who would not come to the funor&l; to meet that woman 1" and she pointed scornfully st Folly. "Mr. Naylor, please to serve a Iegol notice on that woman to quit my house at once," retorted tbe young . widow, pointing soorufully at ber oldest stepdaughter, tha ringleader of the re bellion against her. 44 Tbe house is mine. Father gave it me when I was married, " she replied, with a spice of triumph iu her tone. 44 That cannot be true, for all the three houses you ladies reside in are specifically mentioned iu this will. Besides, where is your documen tary proof of ownership r I shall cortainly comply with the real owner's instructions, and, if yau don't obey the nolico, I shall procure an ejoctment warrant," said the lawyer. The three women looked at one another iu dismay. Their husbands were not overburdened with this world's goods, nnd when they knew that they bad deliberately made an enemy of their stepmother there would be severe recrimi nations. They nisoly hold their peace, and soon afterwards departed, and nothing was dono with the intent to upset tho will, Tbo eldest daughter got her notice to quit, and eventually did so ; tbe other two were not molested, nor was any'ront asked from them. Mrs. Smethurst found hBrsolf the possessor of properly bringing in a rsnlal ef nearly £3 per week, and of £350 iu cash, tho sum got from Jack Mason when apprehended, tho rest of what he had stolen having been spent. It was expected tbat Mrs. Smethurst would msrry again, but as ths time of ber mourning pusred she evinced no inclination to again enter the married state. 44 She is probably waiting tor Jack Masoo," I remarkud to a friend of mine, who livcdcloBo by tbo young widow. , And so it proved, Mnson had not beeu ashore a webk before it cozed out somehow that they had beeu married at Liverpool by special licence and had gono to Llandudno for tho honeymoon. But there wus au awful disappointment in store for them when they returned home. Lawyer Naylor bad broken into thu house, and placed a t rutty man in possession, sod when Mr. aud Mrs. Mason would havu entered their now homo they were told to go and see tbe lawyer. They did so, full of. misgivings. Mr. Naylor nroduced another will, made after Folly's elopement witii Mason, and it'provided that if the testator's widow should murryJohn Musou the will undei which' sho inherited the wholo of his property should fall in abeyance, sod tbe properly be equuiiy divided, after realisation by Mr. Naylor and another trustee, between his three duughtei'B, 44 Do I get ' nothing, then? asked Folly, almost-ready to cry. ; 44 Oh, yes. Yon inherit tbosnm of money this man stole," ropliod the lawyer, with a curt of the lip. 44 And cannot I go into the houso for the rest of my clothes ? " 44 Yos ; I will aceompiny you," and he sont his errand boy for a cab. The Masons rented s much smaller house, fur nishing it with part of the £350. Jack got em ployment, at a foundry, and for a short time ell seemed to go ou well. But the young husband was fond of company, aould sing a goad song, aud gradually took to drinking, tho money now bring bis, as he took care to toll his wife. One night, after his late return home, the two had a terrible quarrel, and next day it was an nounced that Jack Mason had run away. It was only too true, and he bud braidea left ber penniless. She bad few friends and no sympa thisers, and within a week utter being deserted sho drowned herself iu tho Kibble. Nor did hor recreant husband meet with a better fate. After eprnding tho money ho took with him in drink ing snd debauchery, be again went to nee, but the vessel was nover heard of afterwards. 