:THE STORY OF THE CARBUNCLE RING. Winstone had made his fortune out of an opal property he dropped into up north, and one evening; as -sve sat in his cosy smoking-room after dinner the sub ject turned upon the ill-luck supposed to attach to the stone. " All touimy-rot! " said our host. " "What kind of bad luck did opals bring me ? Fifty-two thousand in four years. I dare say you could do with some of the same kind of ill-luck I yourselves." "Why," he added, "I'll bet that this carbuncle (holding up a fine ring ! he always wore! brought more bad luck to its former possessors than any opal ever polished." Being in a gossipy mood, very little I urging induced him to recount the fol lowing story:— "You all know," he commenced, " that for years I knocked about the country droving and cattle-dealing Well, I had been out south-west with a mob, and after delivering them dis charged my two men and started back I across couutry alone, stopping here and there with my eyes open for fresh pur chases. I got back as far as the grauite ridges along Burragoraug way, and was j making across to Wanganderry, ju6t behind High liange. It was a miserable | ride up and down through the wild gullies and spurs, and on the day I speak I of it was nothing but drizzle, drizzle, drizzle all the time; a dull grey s overhead, and the trees and the hushes weeping and dripping eternally—not a ! bird twittered—everything wet and gloomy. At sundown (I hadn't seen the ; sun all day j I came to a deep gully with the bush running up on both sides in a thick mass. On my left the bod ended abrupt]}' in a regular precipice, at the foot of which was a huge pile of rocks and boulders displaced from the face of I the cliff, while to my right the scrubby, narrow bottom wound away out of sight | among the ranges. A stony bridle-track led dowu the ridgf), across the bottom ' some fifty yards from the boulders, and then up the other side, and as I rode down t had all I knew to keep my tired horse from rolling over with me.. " It was almost dork—the damp, muggy, depressing gloom of a wet night in the bush—and I kicked up my horse to get out of the gully as fast as I could, but as we began to climb the other side I heard, or thought I heard, a movement among the boulders, and looked round. From the tail of the heap came the figure of an old man walking stiffly and with head bent down, and, so far as I could judge in the bad light, dressed m an old soft-felt hat, flannel shirt, and moleskin trousers. I was astonished at seeing the old fellow there, twenty miles from the nearest homestead, in such weather, and pulled up to speak to him. As he shuffled noiselessly down the bed of the gully, without apparently noticing me, I called after him ' Good night, mate 1' He took no notice, and I turned mv horse to watch him. but as soon as the ani mal saw him it began to snort and back up the hill, while I experienced a creepy sort of sensation along my spine. However, I wouldn't be ' done,' so spuiTed after him, digging in the hooks like fury to make the horse move, but the animal bolted at every few yards, snorted, and tried to wheel, so that before I could overtake the man he had disappeared. I now found that there was an almost obliterated path through the scrub in the "bed of the gully, and, believing that it led to some selector's humpy where I might put up for the night, jumped off my horse and led him aloug it, not with out considerable trouble, for the brute tried all ways to clear out. By-and-bye the path took the side of the ridge, up which it travelled obliquely, and I could just make out—for it was quite dark now —where it rounded the shoulder of a spur ahead of me. "I tell you it was pretty wretched dragging the unwilling brute up that track, the black, wet bush on every side, the grey skeletons of dead timber rising here and there like ghosts around you— and there, at the elbow, stood the old man beckoning, I shouted to him, but he went on, and while I was fightin_ with my blessed horse he went out of sight again. Convinced now that there was a roof at no great distance, I managed, with the aid of a sapling, to persuade my nag to hurry up," and on rounding the bend saw, perched on a small plateau on the side of the ridge, just what I expected—a selector's hut. 'Ihere was a light in it, shining with a soft whitish glow that illuminated the place like a dull electric light obscured by a china bulb, not at all the bright yellow star rays that come from a lamp "or fire, and again I felt that wretched, creepy feeling, for as I approached it the light gre w dimmer and dimmer until, as I stood beside the hut, holding my trembling horse short up, it had entirely dis appeared. ' "Frightened? "Well I felt nervous. I called, hut got no response, and tying iny mount to a tree went to the doorway and struck a match. Then 1' got another turn, for the place was simply a ruin. It was the usual deserted bush hut. The door lay where it had fallen inwards, the slabs warped and gaped an inch from each other, the bark roof was flapping with ever}' gust of wind, and a sheet here and there had fallen through and lay rotting on the earthen floor, leaving great gaps that you could see mile3 of sky ^ through. The clay chimney had partially crumbled down, blocking up the fireplace, and the bunk had"loug ago collapsed, and lay, with two or three empty tins and scraps of sacking, against the wall. Altogether it wns anything but a cheerful place to pass tho night in° but there was nothing else for it, so I brought in my saddle and bridle, hobbled my horse and let him go, managed to light a fire somehow, had some tucker and a smoke, rolled myself in mv wet blanket in the driest spot I could find, and went to sleep. "Itmust have been near midnight when I awoke with a strange chill running through my veins, and heard my horse stamping and snorting outside. I was about to step out and look to him when from the long disused fireplace little gleams of whitish light began to fficker and sparkle, rising steadily until i 6re ,was a bright fire burning, but though the fiarnes leaped and twisted there was no heat, smoke, or crackling, such as ac'couipaiiies the consumption of dry wood. Nor could I see tho fuel from which the light emanated, and as the light increased, illuminating the whole of the interior, the hut seemed com pletely renovated. The door was closed and latched, the bunk appeared as if but recently tenanted, and.on a stool with his elbows resting on his knees and his head supported on his bauds sat the old man I had followed up the gully, gazing into the heart of the fire. I thought I must be dreaming, and tried to rise and speak to him, but some mysterious influence kept me still, and all the while I could hear my horse cliuking his hobbles outside; hear the slow drop, drop, drop of the water from theonds of the hark, and feel the rain falling upon my face from a bole m the roof. " "While I watched tho old man got up and admitted another man. I could see them both as distinctly as I see you fellows, and heard every word they said though the sound appeared to come from' tiny voices away off, like listening at a telephone. This second man was much younger than the other, though dressed much the same. He wore a big fair beard and carried a swag which he threw down in a corner. The old fellow came over to where I lay and toolc some meat and damper from a sack banging front the ridge-pole, and placed the food before tbe other, who ate it hungrily while liis host warmed up some tea in a billy. Presently the new comer raised a pannikin of tea to his lips, and on his little finger was the dull, rod, augry gleam of a large carhnucle set iu a gold ring. The old man started when he saw it, hut recovered himself, and asked his guest where ho got it. My sweetheart,' said the younger than, with a laugh, drawing it off his finger and passing it to the other ' Worth a bit, too. "Want to see it ?' " The old man turned the ring over and over in his hand, held it sideways as though to road some inscription behind the collet, and then handed it back. But I noticed that though ho made no re mark he watched the other from that time like a tiger glaring at his prey. For what seemed a long period they sat by the tiro, tho younger man" talking, the old man smoking in silence, till the former laid down his. pipe, unrolled his swag, and climbed intp the hunk. " The old man sat for a while looking fixedly at the quiet form, then approach ing on tiptoe, apparently to assure him self that he slept, procured a long piece of rope and bound his hands and feet without awakening him. Reseating him self ho gazed into tho fire for a time, and then, raising his head, called solemnly : ' Roger Anson!' " The sleeper moved uneasily. ' Roger Anson, wake up !' the old man said again. " ' Who wants mo ?' cried the sleeping man, starting up. Then, finding himself bound hand and foot, ho began to pour out a stream of blasphemies that would frighten you.. " The old fellow walked over to him, dragged him bodily out of the bunk, and laid him down beside the fire, then Beat ing himself where he could look down into his face, said : ' Roger Anson, do you know me ?' "The man raised his head and looked attentively at his captor for a moment, then fell back gasping : ' Barnard! You're not Harry Barnard ! He's been dead these years !' " 'I am Henry Barnard,' replied the old mail slowly, gazing down gloatingly ou liis prisoner. ' Give me that ring you wear.' Stooping down he drew tho car- | buiiclo ring off Anson's finger and ex amined it afresh. "'Roger Anson,' he began again, holding the ring before his captive's eyes, ' for years and years I've waited for you. I knew you must come at last. Twelve years ago, Roger Anson, there wasn't a happier or more prosperous man than I. Twelve years ago I brought home my darling wife, Anson. She was all the world to ine, was my Winnie; and though she was twenty years younger than I, she loved me until you came to Wagga. Do you'.remember how I found you, Anson, weak and starring at my slip rails ? Do you remember how I took you in, fed you, clothed you, gave you employment Do you remember the blessings you poured ou ray head for my goodness to you ? Do you remember how you swore you would never forget, as long as you lived, all that I had done for. you ? Do you remember it still, Roger Anson ? " He paused to walch the helpless man writhe and struggle to burst liis bonds. ' It's no use,' ho said gravely, ' you could not get away if you had the strength of a giant. I trusted you,' he continued, and now his voice was broken and his chest heaved, ' trusted you implicitly. I could not dreuui you were the black hearted scoundrel you proved. I came homo one clay and found that you had gone, and with you my poor little wife ? Did my sufferings over cost you a thought ? Did you ever think'of the heartbreaking anguish that possessed me when everything about "the old home, every little occurrence, every room uud every object in it reminded me of my Winnie 'i You know—you must kDow—liow I searched for you with out avail. How I followed every trace that I could find, every clue that seemed to promise any hope of success. At last I went homo, and the day came when my dear one returned: came baok weary and broken and dying to ask my forgiveness —which I gave her, Anson, freely, fully —to lay herself ou my heart like a poor wounded bird, and die. Tlieu I set out auew to look for you, to bunt you down, but, broken in spirit and in bedy, I wandered here, built this hut,and waited. 1 knew you must come at last. " ' This ring I gave her when she first promised to marry me. It was our engagement ring. I used to wear it for years before I met lier, and she would have no other. Sec, here, in the inside,' thrusting the ring forward, H.H.B. to W.H.B.—Henry Hope Barnard to Wini fred Hannah Beston—so you robbed her as well as destroyed her, you pitiful hound. Now you shall suffer some of my agony, for I'm going to kill you, Anson. I wou't cut your throat or brain you ; that death would be too easv. Watch me, and sec if you caii guess how you are to die.' " Stepping to the corner of the lnil the old man took up a pick and spade, and, while the wretched prisoner watched-him with staring eyeballs,began to dig up the iloor of the hut through the embers of my fire, which still glowed as he drove the pick into tho_ earth. He worked away until he had dug a trench about six feet long by t-.vo wide and as many deep, then he paused aud looked towards his victim. ' Can you guess now ?' he asked. Then the man guessed. Shriek after shriek in fearful accents rang through the hut, while the old man looked down and mocked him. ' Shout, you dog !' he said sneeriugly; ' burst your lungs if you will, there's none to help you. You are mine, all mine, at last.' Despite his struggles he drew him. to the trench and threw him in, and, slowly, shovelful by shovelful, heaped the earth upon liim till only his face remained uncovered; then he threw the ring into the hole upon the doomed mail's head, and spoke again. " * Roger Anson,' ho said, leaning upon his shovel and peering down at the convulsed features bathed in the sweat of mental agony upturned to liim, 'you, and such creatures as you, are the curse of God's earth. You, and such as you, have destroyed the homos and ruined the lives of those who, until you crossed their path, lived happily aud honorably in the bosom of those who loved them, but by your contamination are condemned to suffer torments beside which your pre sent sufferings are as nothing. Go, now, to where your evil deeds have coudemned you, aud may God have mercy on you, for I have none.' " One last despairing shriek and the earth fell, covering face and head. Quickly heaping up the last few shovel fuls the old man stood watching the heaving muss grow slowly quiet, then the weird light died gradually away,his form grew fainter and fainter, until there was nothing left hut the drip, drip, drip from the roof and tho red embers of my own fire on the place where I had seen Ro<*er Auson buried alivo. "I hardly know how I got through tho rest of the night. At daylight I saddled up, determined to bring the police and make a search, but the thought that I would only be laughed at caused mo to change my mind, aud I decided to make a preliminary investigation on my own account. I set to work digging with my sheath-knife under the ashes, but though I went down fully three feet I found 110 trace of any skeleton. As I pushed the earth back into the bole I found this (talcing from his finger the carbuncle ring and banding it round). Look iuside and see the inscription— H.H.B. to AY.H.B.'—don't-talk to mo about opals again." A young aid-de-cam'p who at a party in Dublin Castle once approached Arch bishop Wliatcly and aslc.ed, "Does your grace know what is the difference between an ass aud an archbishop ? " "No," was the grave answer. Then the youth went on, " An ass has a cross on his back, hut an archbishop has a cross on his breast." "Very good," said the archbishop; "now, will you toll me what is the difference be tween a young ai-Kdc-camp, like yourself, and an ass ?" " I don't know," said the youth. " Neither do I," said the arch bishop, and walked away. " Bring me my glass," commanded the lady pirate, for there was now. no field of human endeavor to which the gentler sex was not admitted, " that I may see, if all is well." The faithful lieutenant brought two glasses, knowing it to be impossible to size up the back hair with one, : ' 