A CRAVE GIRL. PAET II. CHAPTER XX.— Continued. July came, and found the little party pleasantly located in Switzerland, at an hotel at Interlaken, from which point they intended to make various trips b places of interest among the Alps. It was only a day or two. after their arrival at this favorite report that Ruth became conscious that she had an invalid for a neighbor ; for, in the mite of rooms adjoining: hers, she could hear, at i all hours of the day and night, violent coughing, ' like someone in the last stages of consumption. ' I wonder who it can be '. The poor man must be a great sufferer,' she remarked to Mr. Silsby, as, on the second day, they passed tha nurse in the. hall, on his way upstairs with a bowl of nourish ment in his hands. 'Mr. Hartnian, I believe, is the gentleman's name,' he replied. Ruth stopped short and turned on him a startled glance; ' Hortman '.' she repeated, all the color fading out of her iace. ' Mr. Silsby ! I believe ho must be-Ralph!' The lawyer looked astonished. The thought had not occurred to him before. 'What has put such an idea into your head P' be questioned ; yet something seemed to tell him that Her intuitions were correct. ' Because — oh, because he coughed like that the last time I saw him ; I thought there was something familiar in the sound,' ' Ruth tremulously returned, and he could see that she was quivering in every linih wifli fiini^mpnh. '.'.Will vou nleaso find out the truth for me ?' she added. ' I must know at once.' : Mr. Silsby went directly to the proprietor of the hotel to ascertain what he could regarding tbo invalid. Presently he returned, looking grave and troubled. 'I am afrnid, Mrs. Plympton, that yonr sus picions are correct,' be remarked. 'I find that there is a Mr. Ralph Hartman registered here— that he is a gentleman badly disfigured from small pox, and is now failing rapidly with consumption. It is thought that he cannot live many days.' Kuth waited to. hear no more. She went immediately to her room, lookiug, as she felt, completely unnerved by this unexpected incident, and there she remained the whole day, fighting a terrible battle with herself. What was her duty in view of this unlooked-for situation ? Was it simply chance that had thrown her into such proximity with Ralph in this supreme hour, or had it been so ordered for some special purpose ? If so, how should she meet it ? These were some of the questions that arose to torture her. Ralph Plympton wias still her husband— the father of her child. He was alone in a strange land, sicic — dying!5 ' . ' Must he die without one kind word ; without a ?ingle friend to lean upon-; without one farewell ' look upon the child that was so near, dim, aiid for 'whom she knew he must yearn beyond expression ? Ah ! it was a day that she did not soon forget; hut always afterwards, she was glad that she acted as she did. ? When evening . came she appeared on the verandah, in search of her friends, looking some-, ?what pale and weary, but with a calm, ' steadfast light in her lovely eyes. ? : . ? Approaching Mr. Silsby, she put a sealed envelope in his hands. ' « Will you kindly, give this to the proprietor, to be sent up to him?' she inquired, with emotion. 'Suppose you let me take it up for you, Mrs. Plympton,' said her friend, kindly. . '!? hav6.been 'waiting to aee you, to learn your wishes, before paying him a visit on my own account ; for I feel sure that Mr. Plympton will be glad to see an old friend, and there may be some service that I Tsan render him. Besides, I can break the fact of your presence here without giving him the shook which, perhaps, the surprise of a communication direct from you might do.' ' You are right. It will be much better for you to see him first,' Ruth replied; and then Mr. Silsby went immediately, about bis en-una* He found, as he had surmised, that Mr.; Hart man was none other than Ralph Plympton, while it was too evident that he had a very short time to live. He was wasted to a mere skeleton, and so weak that bt could not lift his head from the pillow. But he expressed an almost childish joy when. Mr. gikby went into his presence. . ?'? Ah, it is so comforting to see a home face ! he breathed, as he clung feebly to the hand of the lawyer. 'Can you tell me anything about— her Bud tbe little ona?' . . ??'? ' ' Yes,' replied his companion, a choking sen ?ation in his throat, ' they are both well, and I have come to you now because she has sent me to you.' i' . ? ?' She— Ruth sent you !' Ralph wonderiiigly re pented, his pale face flushing with excitement and a thrill of joy. 'Even so, my friond, and I have a letter for you from her.' ?? , ' . ? , ' Oh, let me have it !' pleaded the dyiug man, teaching out- a: trembling band for the precious ; missive. Then, with an pager look, he questioned. breathlessly, ' Where is she?' ?'' 'Mrs.Plyniptou is here, in this house,' Mr. SUsby responded She learnedonly to-day that an invalid by the name of Hattmari was a guest in '?'?-.!' th*e house, and she immediately suspected the truth. Mow read' , her letter and .you will learn her .: ? ?'.? -wishes.': .';.?.?? . ? ;?...? ' , ._ ?. , ./? ?? ?'? The sickman tore it open and devoured it with t hungry eyes, i It read: ' . * Ralph,— I hear that yon arein the house, and very 31, and Ihereis a feeling of uneasinesrui my heart ? a fear that you are Hot prepared for such an ?mergency. You were so self'sa6nficiiig for us;; I am afraid you may lack for comforts and luxuries that you should have at this time. Tell me truly if Mich is the case. And perhaps it might be a comfort to you to see Hope ; if no, you have but to signify the 'wish. 1*'™- Tears rolled fast over the thin, scarred face of ' the suff eror as he read th' note. ?'She is- very good1— very considerate,, -be murmured, as be jrefoldod the feintfy perfume* sheet and held it clasped in both hand*. M f es, 1 should like to see iny child, but, oh, it I could floe her also, just onoa more!' he concluded with a jearuuiif eigh. - » ? - Mr. Sitaby was on the verge of tears himself, in view of that despairing look, for it told him how exceedingly fornlorn and barren the man's life had been.: ?? Shall I tell Mrs. Plympton that yon would like ?to see her P' he inquired. ' Oh, do you think she would comef' cried the invalid, eagerly. ' I am very sure she would gladly do anything to contribute to your comfort. Shall I ask her to come to-morrow ?' the lawyer asked, as- he arose to go. ' No— to-night— now 1' panted Ralph, and then was convulsed in a violent fit of coughing, which his companion feared might extinguish the spark of. life that burned so feebly within him. CHAPTER XXI. ?'' BALPH PI/STdTON PASSKS AWAY. Mr. Silsby went directly out, leaving Ralph in the care of his nurse, who came to him as soon as she heard bun coughing. He sought Ruth, who was anxiously awaiting hig coming on the veraiidah. He told her of his interview with Ralph, and concluded, by remarking : '' I do not believe he can live many hours ; he is very frail, and sadly v.hangod. He expressed a wish that be might see both you aud Hope to- night. Bid I do right to tell him I thought you would be willing to go to him ?' ' Perfectly ; I will go to him at once,' Ruth quietly replied. She went immediately to her room, where she ound Marv about to undress Hooe. 'Do not put Hope to bod just yet, Mary. I want her for a few minutes,' she said ; and, taking the child in hsr arms, she went into her own chamber and shut the door. ' Darling,' she said, in a tone that was far from steady, ' there is a aick gentleman here who wants to see you. Mamma is going to take you to him ; but his face is all marked where it has been sore, and you must -not say anything about it. Will Hope remember f ' . ' Yes,' said the child, nodding gravely, and being an unusually thoughtful child for her years, Ruth felt she could trust her. She sent Mary with a line to Mr. Silsby, asking him : to call for Hope at Ralph's door in about fifteen - minutes ; theu, after making some slight changes in the child's attire, she went straight to her husband's rooniB. The nurse ushered her at once into the sick man'* presence, aud, for a moment, Ruth's heart almost failed her as her . eyes fell upon the wasted figure that lay on the bed, aud the thin, sunken, and still unsightly face that turned eagerly towards' her as she entered. . Could it be possible that this had ever been the gay, dashing, handsome Balph Plympton who had so won her Rirlish fancy ? during those old days at Hazolwood Heights? ? ' This is very good of you,' he. panted, weakly, as the nurse went out, leaving them alone. 'I, thank- y pu utore thaa I can. express.' ' Then his glance wandered to Hope, who was -gazing at him with a grave Jookin her eyes, and a faint smile of pleasure lighted up his wan face. Ruth led the child close to his couch. ' Hope, shake hands with the gentleman,' she gently commanded ; and the little one unhesitat ingly laid her dimpled, x*erfeut 'hand upon his outstretched palm. His fingers closed over it with an eager, tender clasp, his lips quivering with emotion. 'Poor man'!? .lisped Hope in sweet, childish tonaa. ,' Have you jrot any little girls F' ' No, dear. I am all— alone,' Ralph faltered, n sharper pang than usual assailing him as he uttered that last significant word. .? :' Lijce mamma' and me,' the innocent girl re turned. ' My papa has gone away ; but I've got his picture,' she added, with an air of triumph, as if that was a treasured possession. ? ' Ralph started and glanced quiokly at Ruth. 1 ' Then Bhe knows who''— — ^he began, and then stopped.' ' Certainly,' Ruth answered, she has . the photograph that was taken in Paris. I did not think it right to withhold such knowledge from her.' _? '' ? ? ' Thank you ; you were always very considerate, Ruth,11 he returned huskily. . , Then he chatted for a few minutes longer with Hope, his eyes lingering upon her dainty form and sweet face with infinite tenderness. ' She did not appear -to shrink from him at all, a circumstance for which ! Ruth was very' thankful, and said several quaint, pretty things that gave him some Knowledge of her precocity and enlightened him regarding the training she was receiving from her mother. . ' ?'. . ' Finally there came a tap upon the door, and Ruth' knew that Mr. Silsby had uome to take the child back to her room. - ' . - V I am going to take her away now, while 1 talk a little longer with you,' she said to Ralph, by way of explanation. Then, turning to - Hope, ' she added, ' Say good night to the gentleman, dearie ; Mr, Silsby has come for you, and Mary is waiting to put yOu to bed.' : : '?? ? . ?, :, .:.'-.? , Ralph lifted tbo tiny baud that he still held and laid it airalnst his hot lips, kisaiug it sof tly twice. Hope looked gravely at it for a moment after he . released it, then, waving it at him 'with a pretty, gostureof farewell, saLi, sweetly.;' .-?. '?rood h^ht. ; I am sorry you are sick.' And the little one went out for evor from the presence of her father, whose keenest pang was the realization of the fact that sho was ignorant of their relationship, and that he ws's entitled to no recognition from her. . .;? .?'',. . Bulb, after giving -her into Mr. Silsby'e bands, roturned to him, and wasstnitten to tbeeoul by the expression of Buffering on bia face. .' . 'Now, Ralph,' shesaid, as she eat down beside him, ' isithere any thing I can do if or you r1' ' n Thank you— nothing ; it : is niore than Ide 6erye that, you should be willing to let .me look into your iface ence niore.V be saifl, hurably, 'I am fioing fast, I shall soon be done with; earth, and — 1 am plad. I did not think, when I lelt you that 'night, that I should ever see you again ; but this unexppcted meetiDg is like a little glimpse of heaven this side of the grave. It also gives me an opportunity to tell you eomething that has long been in my heart— that my one wieh for your iuture is that you nay be hftppyj You understand me, Ruth?' She was silent. Yes, «he -understood him, but her heart was too full to admit of hex speaking/ while frer ^quivering lips aud ^hepitifol look in hcrjeyea told him that ther* was no- biijerness in hersoul tovrardsjbim. ., ,, . v t \ ' There is cne thing I would lite to spoak ol'— ' Pray tell me what it is. Do not fear to speak freely,' Bhe said, as he hesitated ; any wish of yours shall be sacredly attended to.' ' Thank you. I do long to be laid to rest in my own country ; and, since Mr. Silsby is here' — ' I understand,' Ruth hastily interposed ; ' do not talk of it, Ralph— the wish is sufficient.' He lifted a grateful glance to her. ' 1 did not expect this,' he said ; ' I had no thought that faends would be with me at this time ; but the fact has made me very restful and content. I had authorised my servo nt to send a package to Mr. Silsby for you, and a letter which it contains would have explained everything. . I want to speak of yourself, Ruth,' he added, a slight smile relaxing his lips. ' It seemB that you have become a great lady.' ' Ah, so you know !' ' Yes, I have read all the papers, and have learned that you have won a vast inheritance,' he replied. It has read like a thrilling romance, and I know you will make a noble use of your wealth. Of course my income will soon revert to Hope ; you wil! find that the matter has been attended to when you open the package I spoke of. I hope the dear child will be like her mother when Bne grows to womanhood; I can wish for nothing better for her. You will never tell her Ruth ' — he inteiposed, with an appealing look that almost made her weep, 'No, Ralph, she shall never learn anything of an unpleasant nature,' Ruth kindly returned. Then seeing that he was panting from weariness, she. arose, adding, ' I am sure you must be. very weary ; but I will bring Hope to see you again to morrow if you wish.1' ' Thank you,' he breathed faintly, but with a look that haunted her for months with its intense yearning, its devouring heart-hunger. ' Good night,' she said gently, then went softly oat ; and with a look of tearless agony in his eyes, he turned his face towards the wall, murmurinc : ' Good-bye, love ; I am ready to go now.' An hour later Ralph Plympton's soul bad passed . from earth. He died so quietly that the nurse did not know, when the end came— he thought him asleep ; but when he went to him to give him his nourishment as usual, be found him dead, with a dainty, faintly perfumed handkerchief olasped in his hands and pvssaed to his lips. It had fluttered from Ruth's belt end fallen on his couch as she turned to leave bun. Mr. Siteby bad the body embalmed, and then temporarily entombed to await betug conveyed to America, where, later it was laid in the Plympton vault, beside the ilMtUea young man's father and mother. CHAPTER XXU. CONCLUSION. Two months afterwards our friends were back: in London, where they were joined by Basil Mere dith. ..'..? About * month after Ralph Plympton's death, Rnth wrote to Basil of the faot, and also gave him a history of: all that had occurred ini connection with herself since she last saw ,him. .. ' , /? .. ? His cniy reply was u cable message of five words— ' May I come to you ?'', : ' And her answer flashed back with : inspiring cordiality- ' Yes, come.' ' ? ' . There was no restraint in their . meeting, for each knew the heart of the other ; and when Basil held out his arms to her the one endearing term ' Sweetheart' ' escaping his lips, Ruth went - straight to him, was folded close to his breast, and both knew that they were reunited for all time Two months later, they were quietly married, with only a few .friends to witness the ceremony. Then there was an enjoyable trip to Paris'. for the Grand Opera season, and to enable the ladies to do some necessary shopping, which- they had long been anticipating. . After that the Silsbys began to talk of going home. ? ? ' And now cam* the time to decide a question .which Ruth had long been dreading. Where was to be her home for the futurt- ? She did not wish to r aside permanently in Eng land, and yet her large interst seem to point to a 'I really do not know what to do,' she re marked to her husband one day, while discussing the subject. 'Iknow what -I would like to do, however,1' she added, smiling and flushing. : ' Well, sweetheart, what 'you would like to do will be my aim to accomplish, if suoh a result is possible,' Basil returned, a3 be fondly drew his head down upon his shoulder,. Now, what is it, my dear?' ' Iwould like to ' turn, Bothwick Castle into a great asylum for homeless boys,' Ruth returned, -with unusual gravity. . ... ' Really, Ruth ?' he inquired as gravely, while he searched her face earnestly. ' ' Really, Basil,' she said. ' I know . I should be terribly homesick to live in that immense pile all by ourselves, and .our small family would 'be lost in suoh a labyrinth of hallfi, rooms, and pas sages ; but it would moke a splendid institution for the purpose I have named.' The .only draw baclTis the want of a euiiable 'fund to carry it on properly. : I wonder ' — ;- ? ; 'Well, dear, go on,' said Basil, smiling en couragingly. ' ; ' . ' ?'??'?? ' Suppose I gave Rothwiok Castle for ench a purpose, do you imagine the Government would endow it or devote a certain amount annually towards the support of it ?' '... Basil laughed out, musically. ' Sweetheart! you are developing rapidly/' he Baid.with playful fondness ; but I :«m ieomewhat amused, when 1 think of all the trouble you have takento Eecure it, that : you should be. bo anxioue to get rid of your noble inheritance. Don't you expect to be naunted by the ghost of old Sir Amos for your una'ppreoiativeness ?'V '? 'I do not imagine ' he will trouble me very much, especially as I hope .to make atonement for somejof jhis sins in thuB doing good . to: others,' Ruth smilingly retorted. 'But 'seriously; Bdsil, what do you tbiuk of my eeheme ?' ' 'I think it a Very. grand one, n-y darling, and I believe it can be accomplished,' he earnestly re sponded. I will see what can be done immediate; He threw 'himself heartily into the woik, and through the influence of some prominent* men to' whom he was introduced by 'Messrs Temnle and, Hendetsonj-the matter «W brought at an early day . before the, proper Butboritjas, who Buocseaedin having A geperous fund appropriated to' the cause, while thfe Queen BCtit a personal (repression ofJ»-Jt; ^ _ -T „!»!-'. f ,',^ J».W* II'. *'?-$ * m r * ' *' ' ' '? ^' * * i . ~ ? ' t*.t*& approbation to ' the generous lady, in view of the ' philanthropic spirit ithat had prompted, her to devote her noble inheritance to such a grand work ' Ol course, even after that it took a great deal of time to get everything in order ; but by the end of the year the institution was complete in every de partment, and Basil and his wife came over to England again to be present nt the formal opening and dedication of the ' Both wick Home for Home less boys,' where suoh waifs were also to bs liberal ly educated and fitted for some useful sphere in ,- - Hope Cottage was . abandoned in view of the larger enterprise. Will Browning and bis brother ? ?? ? .? i were transferred to the castle, as was also Mr. and , .. ? ' : Mrs. Winslow — the fo.-mer to act as general super intendent of the institution, the latter as chief . matron, while Mrs. Barstow, who was herself an : Englishwomaa, and therefore only top glad of 4 - comfortable berth in her own country,' became a . : valuable^ assistant. . . It is only necessary to add that the enterprise became a most successful one, reflecting great ; ? credit upon its philanthropic projector,: Mrs. Basil - Meredith, who watched its increasing development ???''. with pleasure and interest. She with her family spent a portion of every year ; :, at the castle, where a part of one wing had beed ' gpeoially set apart for them, and their advent was - - eagerly looked forward to by every individual in ; . the Home. Their winter was passed in Basil's elegant resi- ; denoein New York, and the late sum mar and ?' ? ? early autumn at Hazelwood Heights. In the course of time there came a son and heir, ? who was christened Bothwick ; and afterwards another dear little girl, whom Ruth aalled Eliza* beth Allenwopd, after her mother and hor great grand- mother. * * * * Ruth never saw Inez Plympton again, but she .; learned about a year after her marriage, thai the woman was a raving maniac and an inmate of a private ' lunatio asylum in Winchester County, : ' New York. 'I believe she was always more or less insane,' : «he remarked with a gentle sigh of regret; 'for it does not seem possible that one can be sane and be ruled by such an ungovernable temper as she possessed.' ? Fortunately for her peace of mind, she' never . knew what finally occasioned her hopeless lunacy ; : but the truth of the matter was that Inez one day' - ?: read in an English paper -t notice of the marriage -! of Basil Meredith and the girl whom she hated j with all thf intensity of her firey nature. Instanly she flew into a towering rage, tore the paper into atom's, and threw .them from her as : if they were 'fire brands. Then something seemed: ? to snap:in her brain, and then from that hour she , never knew one lucid moment. Five years later she died, and was quietly bnrieS at Greenwood by the lawyer who had the care of . her property, and thus ended a life that had been ; ,? wholly governed by selfinhness and passion, It had burned itself put, and was lost in oblivion. ;; Will Browning continued to prove himself most ' worthy nf the regard of his kind friends, Mr. and . . i Mrs. Meredith,' and their efforts in his behalL.. : .. He was a . faithful student, a noble-hearted, fellow, and ,gave promise, of becoming a good and useful man, while his brother, under his influence, ' bade fair 'to follow in' his footsteps. ??'??? Our story is toldi; and now we must take :leave :' of the dear little woman whom we have grown both to love and boi3or,!and who, supremely happy , in the care and affection of her noble husband,' ' : and 'surrounded by her beautif u? and ' interesting ?' i ; ,; children, was a living proof of tne poet's truism. ;j that Blessings ever wait on virtuous. deeds, And, though; a late, a sure reward succeeds. The End. 