ornin§ ant $tadli da.l. POBLISIKED EVERY TIHURSDAP MORNING. THUSDAY, AUGUST 12th. 1897. As foreshadowed some weeks 'ago' the three retiring councillors in the Frankston and Hastings shire have been returned unopposed. Mr. M. Brody, the, local auditor, also has i walkover. Canvassing for votes is being vigor ously pursued in Mornington by friends of the different candidates, and lfast Saturday's meeting was availed of pretty freely. The contest in this shire is likely to be a warm one, as it is said there is an organised attempt to oust Mrt W. Stanley, one of the. retiring conBcillors, for what reason it has not tra spired. This is indeed a' great pit for the .contest should be fought out, fairly and squarely. which we trust it will. Utterly regardless of the taunts which may be levelled at us, we intend to fully exercise the right of fearlessly criticising the several candidates with. out displaying pirtialivy, and in so doing express surprise that exception should be taken by some to Mr. W. Stanley. For what ? As far as we know, nothing. During the whole of the tihe we have reported the council proceedings we have always looked upon this gentleman as' acting mlst conscientiously, and in a manner worthy l of the trust reposed in him by the rate :payers, ,whoso .interest he seemed to have always at heart 'In this those rate-~ payerselid frequedt the oonneilchcamber will bear us out. Mr. G.lBarrett' re -gow very little of, as he has only recently been vested with municipal Jlin harness, buht during his sabort sitting Mi he has shown "an aptittndo: For thli, as position which 'ipeakl islott f.,r 1.he> hu future. He also displaya. agreatdead of, of tact. Itgasling ,~tlrsrs E. Jones tal and J. Hnolcomb, botl, are respected men, who have large interests in the shire, but so far as their views or inten tions'relating to municipal matters are shi we know nothing. It would be an cal extremely difficult task, therefore, to ex endeavour to venture thus early a t opinion as to their respective chances op of success. Should the meeting spoken st of he held, the ratepayers will be able th to choose between the candidates, but m if not, then they truly elect men in the dark, and have no just cause of com plaint should the selected ones not re come up to their expectations. Mr. A. Downward, the member for Mornington, will address the electors d this evening in the Franketon mechanics' institute. Or Sherlock, the president of the shire, will take the chair at 8 o'clock sharp. fi Thatcompositor(?) in the'Advertiser' e office has a lot to be responsible for. " Last week we referred to the misleading 0 paragraph dealing with the Mornington c municipal elections, but what was our C surprise to find that the same mistake I was made in the following issune,-Mr. a Bennett's name being given instead of Mr. Barrett's, with the additional in formation that Mr. Bennett is one of the retiring councillors. Reading further on, in the same paragraph, we learn that Mr. Edward. Janaes is also a candidate. As there are four candidates--Messrs Stanley, Barrett, Jones and Holcomb--we take it for granted that Mr. Edward James is in. tended for Mr. Edward Jones. Ye I gods! and this in the 'Advertiser.' I Surely not ! The masonic ball takes place in the Frankston mechanics' to-morrow evening. fhe Mornington council have de cided to give a bonus of 2s 6d for all foxes caught within that shire. We have received a letter signed "' Sam," on the Dromana show, but, as stipulated last week, we have re frained from publishing it owing to the writer not wishing his name to appear. Should he consent to this, we will have no hesitation in giving his letter publicity. Some practical joker with very little a brains played the rble of ghost in tihe 0 Frankston • park during -the week. 1 No doubt it was done for fun; but it is a very thoughtless and dangerous, kind of fun. ;which might "lead to serious . consequchies'both to those upon whom r the joke is played and to those who a play it. Our infallible reporter was slightly ahead of the times in announcing that the meeting of the local council would be held last week. It does not take place until the 20th mst. No wonder he remarked that it was a very " rare occurrence, if ever." that the two coun cil meetings fell on days following one another. A large boiler, over two tons in weight and drawn by four horses, passed through Frankston on Sunday eni route for the quarantine ground: at Sorrento. It is to be used for the purpose of fumigating clothing. The O. Company Victorian Rangers hold their eighth annual, concert and ball at Cheltenham on the 9th.Septem ber. Popular prices are to be charged. As no one appears to be in a'positidn to 'state precisely what the'assets anI liabilitie' of the Dromana shci~are, we ia would suggest, in drder that the amount of .the liabilities :might be ascertained, on that"those' who have any claim should. -b forward the particulars to the editor of ,s this paper. On receipt of these par sr ticulars we will lay them before the joint committee of the Mornington and ad Dromana shows, who will then be in a h position to say what they are prepared to do in the matter. At present they ie appear, from injuries made. to be as 'd much in the dark concerning matters oa as the public themselves. There is an epidemic amongst cows e in and around Frankston just at ispresent. One well-known cow keeper has lost three during the last few ci weeks, and has several others down with it besides. Buzzi, the winner of two successive V.R.O. Grand National Hurdle races, broke his neck a·tOaulfield on Saturday. Large numbers of people from these parts have witnessed the play, The Sign of the Cross, at the Princess Theatre. It is said to be the most wonderful piece ever staged in Mel bourne. o' The Frankston brass band played a e number of selections in the open air ye on Saturday night, and a collection in .~ id of the funds of the band was taken. a up by the members of the fire brigade,' with the result that their exchequer was benefited to the extent of 6£1 10s r- aid. which is a very fair amo'mt, taking Sall things into consideration. It is st their Intentidn to hold a social on the of third of next month, when their funds re will no doubt be further augmented. st Revision curts will be held at ig Mornington and Franketoi on Satur t day. the former at 9.30 a.m. and the at latter at 11 a.m. The proposal by the shire of Marong te that voting should be permitted by d poet met with very adyerse criticlsm at Mornington on Saturday. By the establishing of this system the secrecy Sof the i'allott would be a thing of the past, and ballot papers would become of marketable value. re The hon. sec. of the Frankston SCricket Club desires, on behalf of the ii club and self. to express sincere thanks d to thi following ladies and gentlemen t who so willingly rendered assistance at 1 the concert recently given in aid of the funds of the club. namely. Miss Madden, o. Mrs. Cu'smius. the Misses O'Hara, SWatts, Hyam3e,...age, O'Grady 'eidd': !r Griffiths. and;Me'ssrs, Fairbairn Hr?~i, a man, Lsrdetr,. MI&sh;, iMelellor (2). P?... I G. Plummer. Rolls. Stokes and T??hr.. ling MMater lleor.,;Ypd especiall IoF Miss Hadfield foribpr,e ieitervnrices in ,> .pim.mite;thon th. occa9ion,,and for lafe hui; indefiaigabi .effort. for thie uccisse oEthe concert preparaTxry q.tlie event .U taking plaie. * me There is a very strong feeling in thi Mornington that a public meeting should be convened at which the four candidates for municipal honors could explain their views to the electors, and at the same time give councillors an tT opportunity of refuting derogatory h statements made concerning some of Sthe council proceedings. As in all matters of this kind there is a shrinking oa from taking the initiative, and we would suggest that a petition be got p P1 requesting the candidates to attend. We feel sure they will only be too willing to comply with the request. An influential committee of the resi- tz dents of Tyabb have initiated a series ea of entertainments to be called " penny readings," which are to be held in the Tyabb State school once a month, the first of wlich will take place to-morrow evening (Friday), when Mr. B. Baxter will preside. The entertainment will on this occasion take the form of a concert. IThe committee are Messrs Charles Unthank, Blocombe, Mayers, Baxter and Boe, Mr. A. M'Lauren acting as secretary. A oomplaint, w e a informed, has q Sbeen lodged with Qhe police against a vendor of liquors in the shire who, it is l alleged, supplied liquor to a lad of t tender years contrary to the act. We r Salso learn from the same source that r it haelbeen thoughtjsufficient to caution the offender against the law. Mr. A. R. Campbell, who has been e located at Phillip Island for some time, has been removed from his charee there to take charge of the Church of England district at Dean's Marsh. le has been succeeded by Mr. William SPay, late of Elsternwick. Two very handsome oak Communion Schairs have been presented to St. John's Church, Flinders, by the late Rev. John Hodgkinson, who was vicar of I Strensall. near York, England, for a , period of 40 years. The deceased \- clergyman was a brother of Mrs. John o Barker.i ofiCape Schanck. This lady 3 has worked unceasingly in many ways e during the past 20 years for the good s of the church at Flinders, which is acknowledged by all who have seen it to be:one of the most.beautiful country e churches in the colony.:-.It is a sub e stantial briekl building, built according .o 'plaus 'sent from England. :It is also beautifully furnished, and the id meinbera have every reason to be proud Li of their fine structure.. "Services .are n held every Sunday by the Rev. P. J. O' Edwards and Mr. *Prebble. and in the season large congregations attend the services. . at The M.U.I.O.O.F. lodge in Frank d ston' i making rapid strides in its e memborship. A fresh batch of new or members were initiated last night. re i- Under the heading of "Corres ae pondence" we publish a letter from Mr W. Lawrey relative to a certain state ments made atthe last meeting of the Frankston and Hastings council. In Sthis letter Mr Lawroy infornms us that r he had authority to.use the cemetery at reserve. he . . S, Cr Davies, the retiriig councillor for the East Riding of the Flinders and rs Kangerong council has forwarded us a d denial of a rumour which is being \- circulated in that ridingto the effect d. that it has. during the'last three years incurred a debt of'from' £700 to 900.. a The ' letter is : published iin :another wecolumn. ''' at . M1tr,' ,. .W. Caldwell iforms us Sthati a@.there is notl,likely to be any Scontest in either of. the threa ririJgs in. of tihis sire, he.,Wll not?,-stend, fon the '-poaition;,of, auditor, ,as,.by so doing he he would be putting, the shire to expense. Ld Had there been a contest in either of a the ridings he would have come for ward. ad ey The Rev P. J. Elwards will conduct as the In Memoriam services next Sunday res morning at Flinders. in memory of the late Mrs. J. Brent, and at Hastings in the evening in memory of the late Mr ws Thomas Hodgins, at 