BUTLER'S TRIAL. KALEIDOSCOPIC SKETCHES From Start to Finish. IN PEN AND PENCIL, By 'Mark Meddler' and Richard Goldsborough Tait. OUTSIDE Darlinghurst Courthouse last Mon day % surging crowd assembled, the attrac tion being the trial of Frank Butler, accused of the murder of CAPTAIN LEE WILLINGTON WELLER. How to put three thousand people into a space calculated to hold ono hundred, was a. problem which took Mr. Sheriff Maybury some little time to solve. He solved it in a manner satisfactory to all parties, excepting those who w ere left unavoidably out in the j Mid. Admission to tins public gallery was free to those who i '? brawny arms and sturdy shoulders to -. . them to elbow their way to the desired haven. To the floor of the court admission was by ticket— a pre- j caution necessary, Mr. Maybury explains, to prevent persons having: business being im peded, and to check, in some measure, the idle curiosity ot people of the ? MY LORD TOM NODDY' ORDER. Each ticket was available for half a day [inly, and iu looking; round the crowded court each day 1 readily recognised that the Sheriff's rule was Btrictly carried out, as the jame faces did sot present themselves a ?econd time. For pressmen special arrange ments had been made, each journalist being supplied with a card entitling him to a seat on the deBk, iu front of which was a label Indicating tho newspaper he repretRJited, there were seme 'JS newspapers represented, there being, 1 was told, a representative all the way from Glasgow in the interests of the 'Glasgow Mail.' To get to my seat, on the first morning, through the crowd was a matter of eome difficulty (vou know my size, Mr Norton). I endeavored to force my way bat 1 might as well have attempted, like Mrs Partington, to mop back the waters of Pacific from Sydney Heads, At one moment I thought 1 had succeeded, but was quickly undeceived when I found myself handled by the giant McQuaker as if I wera a football. I was with a number of others landed on the green sward in a semi-dazed condition, highly indignant at this latest attempt to curb THE LIBERTY Of' THE PRESS. However, as McQuaker became aware eof my identity he amply apologised and made a. Jane for me through the crowd. I have also another reason for extending absolution to Constable McQuaker, and that reason is the honest straightforward evidence h 3 gave in the recent Domain assault case, which resulted in one of bis superior officers going to Dabbo gaol for sis months, and another being ignominously dismissed the force. But I honestly say I do not wish to be * bandied ' by Constable McQuaker again, I unreservedly give him best. Once inside the court I was at ease, the arrangements made by the Sheriff and his lieutenant, Mr Wateoa, left nothing to be desired. The ] ^Sheriffs Department, as worked nnder the 1 old regime is a thing of the past, thank God. I The fossils have been relegated to private I life, and the office under I MB MAYBTXR'? IS QUITE UP TO 1 DATE. If the Pnblic Service Trinity did nothing . more than clean out the Angean stable they deserve the thanks of the pnblic. The Sheriff personally superintended the seating of the press, and his genial face lighted np with a gleam of satisfaction as he Baw how comfortably each waB seated and satisfied. Satisfaction being an almost unknown quantity in a pressman. - Tbe Judge has not yet taken his seat) nor has Butler made bis dcbiit, Wo have leisure, therefore, to take a survey of the Conrt. On , either side of the Bench are seated gentle men evidently on the best of terms with themselves. On the right sits Surgeon jCplonel Willisana, and by his side a gentle fman whom I am informed is Flag- Lieutenant I Duff. On the .left of the judicial seat are three gentlemen— the first an elderly, wiry, fidgetty old party with GLASS EYE AND AN EYE-GLASS. I This 'well-bred gei/fcleman ' who, with many 'L others, who also cp usider themselves 1 gen 1 teel,' has got up unusually early— for him— to gloat over the unf ortunate wretch whom the 'respectable ' pre.is of the colony has \- made notorious. . This 1 gentleman ' is none other than Sir Astley f tston Cooper, who is | now doing this colony I'te honor of paying i it an extended visit. I trust that the ex , hibitioa this gentleman made of himself in the closing hour of Bi. (tier's trial will ' never be repeated either by him or I anybody else. [I will refi-r again to thia little episode in its proper pla ce.] Alongside ! the gentleman with the eye-t'-lass and the ' glass-eye, is Captain Fielding, ft Guvment I 'Ouse. The Captain is a yountT naUi may be forgiven for his curiosity *?- For the ; third gentleman there can be no e xcuse. He ! is an old party, who concentrates most of his 1 attention on the pattern of his wi^ll-fitting j green kid gloves. I must admit tha'* unlike ' the man with the eye-glass and glass -eye, ha I' was decorous to a fault, and he did n ot ap Ipear after luncheon on the first day. Xhls old and highly respectable gentleman ( is a native of tbe colony, is possessed of aivple means in real estate, ships and things, iVid is known throughout New South Wales as ! A GENEROUS PATRON OP SPORT,'. ? 1 Mr F. H. Hangar, now visiting his nativ.l* 'land. As Mr Dangar is a bine-blooded native, brought np in the time when ' the 1 System' mled the colony, and . capital punishment was meted out with surprising regularity, he may, perhaps, be forgiven his. cnHosfty on this occasion. 1 wondered if he could bring bis memory back to that event I nl morning In 1838, when seven men were hanged in Lower George-street for the mas sacre of a tribe of blacks at hiB family's station on MyailCreek. Xhe .burr of the Court is hushed by the i entrance of Mr Bailey MoArthnr, the Judge's 1 Associate, in wig and gown. The Sheriffs tpaaMRtk/Tfntlemea of the iurv *o \ . enswiWto their names, and keep their seats. It is a fecial panel of sixty names. From the facial expressions of the ' specials,' to me there ai-pears little difference between them and the ' common ' or garden sort of jury men ustLtlly summoned in criminal cases. Some eigbtt jurors or their representatives ate wsitingr^o be excused. allowed to remain ; Butler challenges two more, and then subsides. The jury is fairly well mixed, there are four old men, one middle-aged, and the rest young, and their names are as follows : — MeBBrs John Frater, James Hitchcock, William Joseph Coleman, Ebenezer Toms. Charles Friel, John William Fletcher, SIR FREDERICK DARLEY, CHIEF JUSTICE. At 10 o'clock the tip-staff commands 'Silen'Ce/ and tbe stalwart form of Chief Justice Dailey in scarlet and ermine appears upon the scene. The Attorney- General (Mr Want), tha permanent Crown Prosecutor (Mr Gregory Wade), and a very juvenile looking barrister (Mr Scarvell) take their seats. They are followed by Mr Edmunds, Mr Broomfield, and Mr Mark Williamson. The Chief Justice orders tbat the prisoner Frank Butler be brought to the bar. The crowd in court is on tiptoe of expectation. No audience on the first night of a new piece, or the first appearance of a great actor, is more impatient. Necks are craned, most of those present rise to their feet amidst the stentorian cries of ' Silence 1 and ' Keep your seats ' from the ushers, and in the midst of the hubbub Frank Butler emergen through the trapdoor in the dock floor, and seats himBelf with the utmost coolness. His soft felt hat is placed on the seat beside him, and he looks the most unconcerned man in court. The Chief Justice eyes him steadily for some seconds, and then busieB himself with his note-book. The right 'excuses' for jurors are heard, and each one evidently has been duly excused. One gentleman— an exlegis lator, known familiarly as ' Soapy Allen'— is excused, X believe, on the ground that he is a Quaker, and averse to capital punishment. Six or seven absent jurors have helped the revenue to the extent of £5 each for non attendance. BUTLER IN THE DOCK. The following graphic and accurate des cription of Butler in the dock, published in a contemporary, will be read with interest : — ' Butler, on emerging, revealed a man of athletic build, Bhort neck, and quiet de meanor. He was marvellously selfpos SeB'S)Searly every juror vras i? a state of feverish excitement. When a name was called the juror invariably lost his voice, and repeated requests to answer were ignored. « When the first twelve good men and true were about to be sworn, one by one Butler promptly dispatched them with a challenge, and made a clean sweep of the box. ? Of tbe second panel called, Butler re quested the first half dozen to retire. The 19th man was sworn, and the following five in succession. A few more challenges from Butler and the panel was complete. ' Butler displayed a partiality to jurors beyond middle ag«, and preferred men with full beards. He seemed to select the most intelligent looking men. ' What Butler's object was in challenging the first eighteen men can only be surmiseiL Possibly he wished to gain a favorable im pression by flattering those he selected by making it appear be held them in more con fidence than those he challenged, Butler knows something about the weakness of human nature. ? Butler moves dexterously. If he is sitting down when addressed, he jumps to his feet with the precisiod and alacrity of an acrobat. ' The man's most conspicuous feature is his under lip- It is nearly half an inch thick, and cannot be bidden even by his heavy moustache. It is the coarsest under lip the writer ever noticed. It bulges even beyond the perpendicular of the large protruding chin. It can only be compared to the under lip of a cart horse. ' Bntler is nearly bald on his bump of self esteem. There is a liberal growth on - the reBt of his head, which is large, firmly set, intellectually cut and well balanced. Phrenologists, however, say his skull is ab normally thick. 1 Butler's complexion is swarthy, his hair is brown, and so is his strong monstache. His nose is full and firm, and pointed to tbe left The eyes are bright and deeply set. 'His jaws are Herculean, and his neck thick and sinewy. \- A glance at Butler is sufficient to con vince one that he is a man of iron nerve, and one who never knew what fear meant. He lias been a life-long stranger to emotion, aad whatever he his fate he will meet it without flinching. When Nature evolved him ate forgot to endow him with sensi bility.' ' Butler is now ordered to stand up and plead. Nervously, without looking at his interlocutwr, be replies 'Not guilty,' tha ' Not ' being sounded in a low tone while the word ' g'oilty ' rings out cltar and dis tinct. The Associate is evidently in doubt as to the plea,'»nd repeats his question, when Butler, with » snort, again replies 'Not guilty.' Twelve men now occupy the jury box. Again the ABS0Ct*te : ' Prisoner, the names you will now hear called are those of the jurors by whom yotr are to be tried. Should you object to them, cv any of them, you may do eo when they come to the book to be sworn, and before they are sworn.' The first man has the book before Bntler challenges. The judge explains that the challenge is too late ; but presumes that the Crown will not object. The Attorney General does not object, and the juror leaves the box. The same conroe is followed with the remaining eleven ; tbe aconsed has challenged each one, and the box iB empty. THE JURY. Anotlfor twelve are calMi, and Bntler cBftUengW tto flnt five; the 18th nun-is j George Milham, William Frederick Kenset^ Bichard Edward Phillips, Alfred Lockwoo Holmes, Charles Whittard, Rud J ohn Coato9 The Chief Justice discharges the remainder of the jury, tells them they may go home ; but not one of them moves. 'LADIES' IN COURT, Amongst the audience at this moment are seven or eight alleged ladies, one of whom is armed with an opera glass, through which, as at a play, she calmly suiveys the crowded court. She is brought up with a ronnd turn, however, by a rude usher, who impolitely bids her be Beated. She left the court in indignation. Mr. Want's statement of the case is plain and without .much varnish. Occasionally he gets melodramatic, forcibly recalling tbat time when he and the Lazar family had the legal dispute over the O.P. box of the old Theatre Koyal. Mr Want will never be an orator, though his speeches are of the sledge hammer order. He appears to be better acquainted with Shakespeare than the Bible, hiB quotations from tho former being correct, while those from tbe latter were rather foggy, not to say ' groggy.' THE WITNESSES. The first witness is the landlady of the late Lee Weller. She made an admission, which in a great measure bears oat Butler's contention that Lee Weller had no money. A day or two before the captain's departure for the mountains, she saw a rell of bank notes and much gold and silver in his posses sion, but the day before he went he admitted that he had been playing cards and gambling. The Chief Justice did not hear the word 'gambling,* but every man in the press box heard it. Mr Edmunds did not press the matter. Mr Luckham was the next and most im portant witness. He gave in minute detail the history of his acquaintance with Weller, and identified the jewellery and property found in the possession of Bntler as being the property of Weller. Woolf, the secondhand clothes dealer, details the transactions he had with Butler ; and, ' as an excuse for not having heard earlier of Welter's death, said that he had a wife and ten children to look after— and Woolf. looks a young man, too. Roche gave a graphic description ci his j trip to England, . across the Atlantic, to Washington, and on to 'Frisco, with the cap ture of Butler at the end of the, journey. He dispelled many of the illusions with which the ' respectable ' press beguiled their readers, There were no concerts on board for the benefit of the prisoner, and Miss Maggie Moore did not sing to .while away the time. Boche was quite at home as he described Lee Welter's property, and would, to all appearance, make an excellent second hand clothes-dealer— even more expert perhaps with old do' than with old crimi nals. \ BRAZEN-FACED FEMALES. During the three days ef the 1 rial visitors were numerous. On the second day a num ber of alleged ladies sat close o the dook, pnd feasted their eyes on the ui happy man behind tha spikes. A blush o nld not be bronght to the cheek of any on - of them— not even when Roche swore that Bntler said that Lee Waller was the son of a b . Mr Inspector-General Fosbe y, looking quite, aged and worried, attei ied by Mr Superintendent Csmphin, remained a few minutes. On tire second day while ' Jack ' Roche was giving his evidence methodically, but with a brogue which could be backed with a hatchet, there strolled into the court a -grey- headed, white- bearded, bale man, who took a qniet look around and then fixed his eyes upon the man behind the spikes. The appearance of this man upon tbe scene brought back to memory a day 25 years ago, when the white-headed . man stood in dis place where Jack Roche was now standing, and was giving evidence against a man then behind the spikes and charged with murder. The hale old man was ex-Water Police Constable Martin, who, at the time spoken of, was giving evidence against a water man, named Thos Ecouree, charged with the murder of Mrs Lee in a waterman'B boat while conveying her across to North Shore. Both parties were drunk, and I saw Scource pay the penalty of his crime on the scaffold at Darlinghurst. Close behind comes Mr Superintendent Reid, who has been on duty in Sydney for 42 years, before which he had a billet as a street policeman in London. He is one of the pioneers of the force here, having come from London in the Jfisodus, in 1S55, with a batch of peelers. None but two or three of that lot are now left. Mr lieitl wants to stand, but the usber insists upon his being seated in acccrdance with the Judge's order. ' THE ' DAMSHIKAGO ' KNIGHT. On Tuesday in the dinner hour there ap peared in Court the stalwart form of Sir George DibbB. carefully wrapped up. The ? Damshikago ' Knight modestly took a scat near the dock, and awaited the appearance of the chief actor in the drama. As Butler came up the steps Sir George cast a scrutinis ing glance at him, and then resumed a list less attitude. As the Chief Justice looked around the Court his eye lighted upon the Knight, and tapping his desk to attract tbe attention of his Associate, commanded that gentleman, in a stage whisper, to invite Sir George to a seat on the Bench. Mr McArthur dutifully wended his way, tread ing upon a few corns as he went, towards Sir George, who, however, politely declined the bonor. After a few moments Sir George Dibbs rose and left the Court. ] In the vicinity of the 'Damshikago' man were Mr Samuel Lees, M.L.C.,and the white headed Dan O'Connor, also M.L.C., but neither of these gentlemen was invited to a seat beBide his Honor. ' Sammy ' is, ' of course, only a poor printer. THE JAYNIL DAN- YELL. Mr O'Connor is — well a very respectable gentleman, who has earned the reputation of having been at one time a most respectable I pork-butcher, selling dead swine on Brick field Hill. The Chief Justice evidently draws a strict line between Knights and dead ewinr. a 'NANNYGOAK.' Just a little anecdote about my first in troduction to Dan O'Connor. Nearly thirty years ago I had an idea that I was cut out for a bookseller. Jerry ' Moore had made a fortune at it, and 1 was sanguine enough to think that I conld follow in his footsteps. There are eome people still alive in Sydney who remember Jerry's first start. He was a bootmaker by trade, but started bookselling at a stall which he erected against the brisk wall which enclosed the. old burying-ground in George-street, where now stands the Town Hall. Jerry was the first man to mend your boots while you waited. He gave yon a book to read while he did the cobbling. 1 did not start a stall ; 1 carried my wares to suoh intellectual persons as I thought might purchase. In the course of my avocation I called in at the pork butchery on Brickfield Hill. I encountered Ur O'Connor, eeu. (God rest his sowl, as he would himself say). He was anxious to trade. I -got out my note book and pencil, and Bet abont booking his order. He explained, ' I've got some grand children, and I want to make thim a prisint. Bring me I ?JACK AN' THE BANE-STOCK,' an' ril take it from ye.' I was bo flabber gasted at the extent of the . order tbat I nearly lost my breath. Before I recovered myself 'Danny' entered tho ahop, and loftily waved me off, a»— pnt the , brogue in here, comp., if yon can— 'We don't wan* any books.' He did not exactly uy 'get ^puV bnt like the well-bred dog who went quickly down-stairs when he found prepara tions made for kicking him down, I 'got.' That was the first time and the last 1 ever Bpoke to the jaynil Dan. On Tuesday evening I occupied a scat in close proximity to him at Harry Fumies' lecture. I watched Dan carefully while Mr Furness was delineating the ' Member for Ballybooley,* but the local 'orator' never raised hand or cheer in recognition of Mr FurnisB* effort. I thought Dan was un generous, there ; but then what can you expect from the man who communes with Demosthenes, patronises the shades of Wentworth, and digs up Deniehey's bonflsl On Wednesday, as the trial was drawing to a close, Mf Speaker Abbott attended, and was duly accorded a Beat alongside the Judge. In the evening there re- appeared the man with the eye-glasB and the glass eye, this time armed with a silvsr-headed Malacca cane, which he twirled Iriqh sbil lelah fashion, much to the dismay of the Sheriff, and the amusement of the audience. He seemed to be on wires and as fidgetty as a cat on hot bricks, or a hen on a griddle. When Sir Frederick Darley had finished his charge the old gentleman sidled up to him and in a boisterous manner endeavored to press upon his Honor the latest joke. To get rid of the old bore Sir Frederick loit t he Bench, and the little old gentleman with the handle to his name dutifully waidied after him. On Wednesday morning it was evident that something out of the common had happened, rumors of suicide and attempted suicide were abundant. It was not till nearly 11 o'clock tbat a commotion was heard under the dock, and Butler in a loud and angry voice demanded some b— - let go his hand. Tbe first to present himself was the giant McQuaker, who lifted Botler by the collar as if he w?re a child, while another big constable, McDonald, shoved np from behind. It was then noted that Butler was bandenffed behind hiB back. In this condition he was seated with a constable an cither side of him. The attempted suicide was a very trivial affair, a tin tobacco-tag being the instru ment. Had Bntler wished to suicide he could have done so at any time during the first two days. The spikes in front of the dock are as sharp as harpoons, and had he seen fit to throw his head or neck upon them he would have saved 'Nosey Bob' a job. The sooner those spikes are removed tbe better. BUTLER'S CONDUCT IN GAOL. His Food and Tobacco— The Tin-Tag Incident The particulars of Butler's short life in Darlinghurst Gaol, fresh from the lips of a discharged prisoner, who acted as his wards man, supply one of the most interesting chapters in his present Sydney career, and ths story of this noted criminal's life, which will hereafter be written, wonld not be complete withaut it. Being told by the maa so much in his company and service, it be comes the more valoable and interesting. The narrator says : ' Of conrse, we all knew Butler was coming. These things are as well known among the prisoners as the general public, We looked forward to his arrival, and 1 having more liberty than other prisoners, because 1 was ' in ' for threaten ing my wife only, I had a splendid opportu nity of seeing ^1m- Well, he came in aB uncon cerned looking as you or I ; in fact, he had the sort of appearance of a man going to an evening party— I mean as regards his con tented expression. 'Next morning he was brought out after 10 o'clock for exercise, and he appeared quite happy. All the other prisonere were hunted out of the wing where he was exercised. In the company of two warders he walked about for an hour and a half, and didn't give the appearance of being troubled about anything. He showed a dislike to going back to his cell, and thought he ought to be allowed more fresh air. ?On Hospital Saturday he was photographed with his baud on. I knew it was Hospital Saturday, because three yonng women with red crosses came in collecting.' Tbuth could not help breaking in upon the narrative with the exclamation, ' What I they actually stormed the gaol, did they V ' They did; then.' 'To collect from whom?' ' From the warders and gaol officials. ' That' a about the choicest thing in all the Hospital Saturday incidents. ?Now to . come ; back to the whiskers,' said the relator of these novel facts. 'Butler did not object to being photo'd, and he was taken back to his cell in full view of the three ladies. On the Monday, his whiskers were cut off. Look I Here they are; I've wrapped 'em up- in this piece of paper, and I'm going to get a good -price for them from aome barber or other. Butler was then photographed in his moustache. I'm Borry now I didn't keep the piece of wadding tbat stanched the blood. ? He smoked incessantly. He was allowed plenty of .tobacco. At first they gave him Sndgee, and he refuged to smoke it, saying it was no good. They were obliged to get him something better, and submitted two 'samples — one light and one, dark' tobacco, and he selected Williams' light quality. ' He passed a good deal of bis time reading i the gaol library books. Reclining on a gaol mat with a blanket over him he read for hours together, principally in the morning. In the afternoon he read, slept and smoked in turns. He strongly objected to walking exercise in tbe corridor, and wished to be in the'fresh air, and thii request was granted. One Snnday he was allowed to exercise at the back of the hospital, and ever after he was dissatisfied, because they- wonld' not allow him there again. Ho was never hand cuffed or chained.' \- Mr Mark Williamson, his solicitor, taw him pretty often. Mr Edmunds, the barrister, also saw him. Up to the last j eight or ten_0*7» he was unco&owned;, but^i .'life:- .. then he began to display great nervousness, and would start up in his sleep as if some thing frightened bim, or he bad bad dreams. On the first day of tbe trial he went out rather cheerful after his usual breakfast of bread and butter and tea, but when be came back to liis cell at one o'clock he could scarcely eat his dinner, and I bad to throw most of it away. He usually enjoyed his dinner of meat and bread and butter and tea. When he came back again from the court at? p.m. he sat for folly an hoar with his elbows oa his knees and his face buried in his hands.' ' His rest tbat night was more pretended than real, aud when I saw him at T o'clock in the morning he locked very dejected. At 1 p.m., after leaving the court, he could hardly eat his dinner, and walked and smoked in bis cell. ' On Wednesday morning I visited him about 8 o'clock ; and as L was due to be dis charged at noon, one of the warders said, 'Are you going out to-day, Y ? /' and I replied ' Yes.' Bntler overheard the remark, and said, I'm going out, too.' TIN TAG TATCTICS. ' Later on I was passing the cell-door, at which warders Crowley and Frazer were seated for the purpose of watching Butler, and just then they opened the cell-door and admitted Mr Mark Williamson, the solicitor, who bad no sooner seen Butler than he rasbed out again, and the warders rushed in. I'm not sure if Mr Williamson said anything to the warderB ; but from the startled manner displayed by the solicitor, I sup pose they- suspected something. Crowley and Frasbr were straggling with Butler in an instant, for they saw the blood coming from his^ throat, and wrested the tin-tag from him after a desperate encounter. ' It was a most exciting time, indeed. Mr Williamson bad given the alarm, and the warders and officials were soon running to the cell from every part of the place. There was ao awful commotion. The dispenser was one of tbe first called, and two doctors were soon brought in. Chloroform and wadding were got irom the dispensary, and while the warders were stanching the flow of blood the doctors were preparing to stitch up the wound. Butler eeemed to develope the strength of a iion, and it took ths united etrtn^ih of several warders five minutes lo ov:.rpowet him. ' i: »-' happened about '.1.20 a.m. Eutler st Tcxf.r.r. iisrl agaiust the mu& being put r-c, '.ccii the warders got 'em on he was q::iau I'.ie wound wai first washed, aad ihenciicbod up by the doctors. I was sur prised to see the quantity of blood that came from the wound. No one knows better than me, as 1 had afterwards to wash it off the floor. People wonder how Butler could gash his throat while two warders were watching all his movements from the cell door. ' I'll tell you all about it. The warders were not in the cell at all, as people suppose, and from where they sat at the door they conld not see one corner of the cell, which is 8ft deep by 10ft wide. He got into the corner where he could not be observed, and it being his habit to cover his neck and shoulders with a blanket as he paced about with his head pressed forward, he was easily able — without being observed — to hack away at his throat. That is exactly bow hs managed it, and the tin-tag happened to be a very sharp edged one. 'Had the solicitor not arrived Butler would have had time to make a serious gash, for the warders never suspected that euch a thing as a tin-tag was in his possession. He was not even allowed to have a lead pencil for fear he might swallow it. 1 have seen a quill pen on his table. After making this extraordinary and ingenious attempt to cut bis throat, or make such an incision as would cause him to bleed to death, hiB hands were kept in the mufflers which i» a strong leather case binding the hands firmly to gether and fastened with wrist straps. Once it's on you can't release your hands. I most say, in conclusion, that up to the time of the trial Butler behaved himself extremely well. I had to clean out his cell daily, and I saw bim under all oonditionB.' The case for the Crown having closed, Mr Edmunds called a medical man who 'thought ' Weller might have committed suicide. Then Bntler declared that he wanted to make a statement, bat was physically unable, and an adjournment until the after noon was granted to enable him to recover himself. Ia the afternoon, through his counsel, he made a statement as to his con nection with Weller. BUTLEfi'S STATEMENT. The prisoner made the following state ment, Mr Edmunds receiving it in sentences aad portions of sentences from the prisoner, who Bpoke in an undertone, and repeating it to the Court When I first saw Weller he said during a conversation, that he had had considerable mining experience and was de sirous of leaving at once ; that he had been drinking very heavily owing to the death of his wife. He said that he had not much, money, but thought he would raise some on his wife's jewellery, which he did by pawn ing a gold watch and guard at the Monte de Piete, Caatlereagh-atreet, for £2. I also gave him 15s for a gold bangle and chain bracelet at the Metropolitan Hotel. We agreed to leave at 5.16 p.m. on a Wednesday night. He didn't turn up then until about 7 o'clock, when he drove up to the hotel in a cab. ' He was drunk, and I refused to go with him by train further on owing to his condition. The proprietor's brother at the hotel refused him a bed owing to his condition. He' went away, and I did not see him. again that night ; but I had previously told him that we wonld go the following morning at 10 o'clock if he was sober. He turned np at the hotel at i-bout 8 o'clock, and we had breakfast together and several drinks, and caught the Western bound train at 10 o'clock We agreed to stop at the first station on the mountains for a few days until he got thoroughly sober, which was Glenbrook. Thursday and Friday he Btayed in tbe camp, aid on Saturday morning he proposed that we should go for a walk. He produced a plan— one I gave him in Sydney ?showing the location of the camp, which ia tbe plan the witness Farrell claims that I gain feiH.at Smu flaiu. I Barer saw Farrell at Emu Plains. Farrell called at the camp and said he was hungry, and 1 gave him some food and old clothes, which 1 eaid he could carry away. Weller and my self walked towards Glenbroek Gully. He had got over his drinking, but was very surly and melancholy, and had been so the two previous days, evidently being in great trouble about his wife's death. We went towards Glenbrook Gully, and from Glen brook Gully there leads a small bypath bush track, which leads to a boarding-house on the hill. The range is very steep from tbe gully up, and we halted for a rest when near the top. Weller was very depressed, and I suggested tbat we shonld retnrn to Sydney by the 3 p.m train. He said, ' No, I am not going back to 6ydney any more.' He pulled out his trousers pocket, right hand, where he kept bis money, and said, ? See, I have no money.' 1 knew he bad a revolver with bim loaded— the one given him by the 'Bulletin' reporter. I saw him place his hand in his left-hand trousers pocket and pull out the pistol. I jumped off and stepped back a few feet and thought he might be using it on me. His head was rest ing on his hand. He appeared to be studying. All at once he put the revolver to his head, and when I saw what he was going to do 1 im mediately grabbed the revolver aud forced it behind. In doing so the revolver went off Weller fell dead. Knowing I was his mate and had been seen in his eompany I was afraid to go and report it to tke police, but buried tbe body where he fell. I had no shovel, only a small pick. That is the reason why the hole was so small. He previously iu the camp, on a Tuesday, said, 'If any thing strange happens, Bend my personal property to Mr Donaldson, my solicitor. You will get his address in the portmanteau.' He also said that I could have his clothes. I conld find them at the railway station, what few there were. I returned to Sydney. In bis portmanteau I found a certificate ann discharges and other small personal property, jewellery, and such things, which I kept, for the purpose of forwarding to Mr Donaldson as I was directed. The rest of his clothes, my own, the revolver and rifle, I sold to Mr Woolf for £2. Having no seafaring discharges of my own, and being unable to get a ship without one, I followed the usual way amongst seafaring men being unable to get a ship without one. 1 deny at I any time ever claiming any of his property as my own, a&d; the statement made by the police that I claimed a photograph aB that of my wife's is entirely without foundation. If there were any statements made to the police while on board the steamer Mariposa, it was when I was under the influence of whisky, with which I was supplied all the way from San Francisco to Sydney. That is all tbat 1 have to say. Mr Edmunds made as good a speech as his up-hill talk would admit, and Mr Want in a 20 minutes' speech replied. The Chief Justice dealt minutely with the evidence, and tbe jury retired. Then the conrt broke into a buzz unchecked. The Crown connsel congratulated each other that the 'man hunt ' had come to an end. Mr Beaver, the Clerk ef the Peace, upon whose shonlders rested most of the responsiL'.lity of the trial, was evidently oa the best of terms with himself. Mr Beaver is a Sydney native, one of three brothers, good church men, members of synods and such like, and from' early infancy connected with church matters, their father for many years holding an office in connection with St James' Church, King-street. Tbe jury was expected back in a few. minntes — just time enough for a smoke— but an hour and 20 minutes elapsed before they returned, and, in.answer to the Associate, gave a verdict of ' Guilty.' Butler was asked what he hed to say, and, through Mr Edmunds, complained that his trial was hurried on, and that he was con demned while the clamor' of the press still raged. SENTENCED TO DEATH. The Chief Justice : Frank Butler, — After a most patient trial, and after you have been defended by able counsel, the jnry, having deliberated, have found you guilty upon the most convincing evidence of having com mitted a most cruel and atrocioup murder. I say that yon cannot expect any mercy at the bands of your fellow men. You have . outraged the laws of the country in which you are by committing this most diabolical murder. I say that you cannot expect any mercy at the hands of your fellow men. But -there ia One to whom you can appeal for mercy, and I beseech you and adjure yon that you appeal to the Almighty, who will, if yoj approach Him properly, grant you mercy, and no matter what your sins may be, will forgive those sins. I adjure you to do that. You can have no hope. The Chief Justice then passed sentence of death npon the prisoner in the usual way, concluding with the words, ' May the Lord have mercy upon your aeul.' The prisoner, who had hitherto appeared speechless, 'recovered his voice, and said quickly, as his Honor pronounced the con cluding words. of the sentence, 'And may the Lord have mercy on yours.' Butler, was then taken by the elbows, hia hands still in the 'muffles,' and led down the fateful stairs. Aa the murderer disap peared down the steps' beneath the dock, memory conjures np the ghosts of the long line of criminals who have left the. same spit, and in leaving it left every earthly hope behind. . 