PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRAN"GEME"NT. BLADY : A WOMAN OF COURAGE. By S. BARING GOULD, M.A., Author of " Mehalah," " Court Royal," " In the Roar of the Sea," " The Broom-Squire," "The Penny comequicks,'" " Smith," of Dartmoor Idylls," &c;, &c.; (Copyright.) CHAPTER 'LOYER In a faded and patched blue coat, turned up with red, the bellman of Kluver appeared in the one long street of that small place-if we call it a town we flatter it, if we spent of it as a village we insult it-and began to ring outside the New Inn. A crowd rapidly assembled, and before the cryer had unfolded the paper from which he proposed reading, an ape of a boy threw himself before him, swinging a turnip by the stalk, assumed an air of pomposity and ingenious caricature of the bellman, and shouted : " O yes ! O yes ! ' O yes ! Ladies and gents all, I gives notice that you, none of you, ain't to believe a word Gatfer Edmed says. O no I O no ! One !" "Get along, you drafted jackasses!" exclaimed the cryer, testily, and strik- ing the youth in the small of his back with the bell handle sent him sprawl- ing. Then striding forward he took position with a foot on each side of the prostrate urchin, rang again, and called : " O yes ! O yes ! O yes ! This is to give notice that this 'ere evening, at six o'clock, at 'Stewponey, there will be a grand champion match at bowls on the green. The prize to be Bladys Rea, commonly called Stewponey 'Bia. Admittance, one shilling. 'iArf-a-crown inner ring, and ticket admits to the 'only function, by kind permission of the proprietor, in the Chapel of' Stourton Castle. At six o'clock perverse. No 'arf price. Children and dogs not ad- mitted." From the door of the New Inn issued Thomas Hoole, the landlord, in his shirtsleeves. Thomas Hoole was a sort of a way and a crumb of a poet. On the toon rd outside his tavern he had inscribed the following verses of his own composi- tion : Customers came, and I did trust 'em, So I lost money, and also custom. To lose them both did vex me sore, So I resolved to trust no more. Chalk may be used to any amount,. But chalk won't pay the malt account. I'm determined to keep a first-rate tap For ready money, but no strap. Goodwill to all Is here intended ; Thus, hoping none will be offended, I remain, yours respectfully, One who's no fool, re.,. Thomas Hoole. "What's the meaning of this, Cryer Edmed ?" asked the landlord. " Well," answered the bellman, rubbing his nose with the handle of the bell and holding the same by the dapper, " I can't say exactly. My instructions don't go so far. But I fancy the ger. before want a spree, and Cornelius Read at the inn is going to marry again, and wants to be rid of his daughter First. It's an ockard affair altogether, and not altogether what it out to be and so it has been settled as a mutual accommodation that there shall be a bowling match on the Green-and she's to go to the winner. That's about it. O yes yes ! O yes ! Then the crier went forward clanging his bell, and as he progressed more faces appeared at the windows and figures at doors, and children swarmed thicker in the street. Phalanxes of boys formed before and behind, yelling, " O yes ! O yes ! O yes ! Stewponey Bia is for sale to the highest bidder. Who'll stand another 'penny and have her ? Going, going for tuppence three farthings." Every now and again the cryer made a rush at the boys in front, or backed on those behind, and dispersed them momentarily with the handle of his bell, or with a kick of his foot, and shouted: " You vagabonds, you I gave notice of no such thing. How can folk attend to I and learn the truth when you're a hollering' and a scritchin' them lies 1 said she was to be bowled for, and not put up to auction." " Wot's the difference ?" asked an impudent boy. " One's respectable, 'mother ain't," re- torted the driver, who then vigorously swung the bell, and shouted, "0 yes ! O yes ! O yes !" whereat the boys mockingly shouted, " One ! One ! O no !" A woman who had been kneading broad, with her sleeves turned up, and her arms white with Hour, crossed the street, came up to the landlord of the New Inn, and accosted him " What's the meaning of this, I'd like to know ?" " The meaning is before your nose," answered Hoole. " Where ?" inquired the woman, applying her hand at once to the organ, and leaving on it a patch of white. "I mean," explained the landlord, " that anyone as knows Cornelius Rea knows just about what this signifies." "'I know Cornelius for the matter of that," said the woman from the kneading trough. *' Drat my nose, there's summit on it." "-'Tis pollen on your stamen, fair flower," said Hoole. " And if you'll not take it amiss I'll just wipe your nose off' my apron, and have it off in a jiffy, and an honour it will be to the apron.' "Oh, Mister Hoole, you're such a flatterer !" said the woman, fresh, stout, matronly ; then, " But for all I don't understand." " But I do," said the host. " Cornelius is going to be married to that woman you know whom I mean," with a contemptuous shrug of the shoulder and a curl of the Up "I don't know as its ways than the goings on as has been " But she's not been in the house and he can't bring her in till he has got Bladys out." " But to put her up to be bowled for!" "That's the doings of the gentlemen -a parcel of bucks and good-for noughts that frequent the tavern. He's not a man to say them nay. He doesn't go contrary to them-they spend a lot ' money there." " But who will go in for her ?" "Nay, that's more than I can say. She's a wonderful. handsome girl." " Can't see it," answered the woman. " Lost always say that for good looking faces you might go through the three counties and not see one like your own. But, Mrs. Fiddian, you're spoiled by looking at your own charms in the classic incapacitates you for seeing moderate beauty in another." " Go along, Mr. Hoole." " How can I go along, when I am opposite you ?" "Come, he' done with this nonsense. Who are they that have taken a fancy to this white-faced mawken ?" "For one, there is Crispin Ravenhill "He can't take her hasn't enough money." " He has his barge." " Wot's that His uncle would have a word to say about that, I calculate. Who else ?" "There is a stranger staying at the Stewponey that they call Luke -Free " What is his trade ?' " Don't know." " Any others ?" " There's Captain Stracey." " He can't marry her he's a gentleman and what about Nan-has he broke with her What others ?". "Nlbblers, only." " Well, Mr. Hoole, I must back to my bakery." 1 And I sink back to darkness out of light." Kluver Village occupies a basin in the sides of the great rocky ridge that runs for many miles through the country and ends abruptly at the edge, a bluff of sandstone crowned by earthworks, where, as tradition says, King Wulf here of Mercia had 'his camp. So far is sure, that the church of Kluver is dedicated to his murdered sons, Wulf had and Rufflnua. The place of their martyrdom was at Stone, in Stafford- shire ; but it is possible that their bodies were removed to Kinver. As already said, -the hamlet of Kluver consists mainly of one long street, composed largely of runs for a highway passes through It but also- of habita- tions on the slope of the basin. When the river had reached the end of the street, he proceeded to ascend a shoulder of the hill, till he reached a strip of deep red in the sandstone, the colour of clotted blood. Here, according to tradition, a woman was murdered by the Danes, who had ascended the Stour and ravaged Shropshire. From the day of the crime the rock has been dyed blood-red.' At this point the town crier paused and looked about him. The impudent and aggravating boys fell back and pursued hurt no further. A sudden awe and dread of' consequences come on them, and they desisted from further annoyance. The reason for this will presently transpire. Kinver parish occupies a peculiar posi- tion-it adjoins Shropshire and Worcestershire, and is, in fact, wedged in between the main bulk of Shropshire and an outlying islet in which is Hales Owen. It is as though the three counties had clashed at this point, and had resolved their edges into broken fragments, tossed about with little regard to their position. Kinver takes its name from the Great Head, Kcfn yawn, of sandstone rock,' 52ft. high, that rises as a new above the plain of Stour. In that remote period, when the Severn straits divided Wales from England, and the salt deposits were laid that supply e, brine at Droit wich and in the Weaver Valley, then Kinver Edge stood up as a hue bluff above the ruffling sea. At that time also, a singular insulated sand- stone rock that projects upwards as an immense tooth near the roots of the headland, stood detached! in the water, amidst a." wreath of - foam, and was haunted by seagulls, and its head Whitened with their deposits, whilst its crannies served as nesting places. This isolated rock of red sandstone, ou and about which Scotch fire have rooted themselves, goes by the name of Holy Austin Rock ; but whether at any time it harboured an anchorite of the name of Augustine is a point on which history and tradition are alike silent. Towards this rock the bellman made his way. ' , Why so ? Was it for the purpose of summoning jackdaws to the bowling match ? Was it that he desired to hear the echoes answer him from the crag ? We shall see presently. Although local tradition is silent relative to a saintly denizen of the rock, it is vocal relative to a tenancy of a different kind. Once it was occupied by a giant and his wife, who with their nails had scooped for themselves caves in the sandstone. The giantess was comely. 'So thought another giant who lived at Enville. Now in this sandstone district water is scarce, and the giant of Austin Rock was wont daily to cross a shoulder of hill to a spring some two hundred and fifty yards south of the Rock to fetch the water required for his kitchen. The water oozed forth in a di bible, and the amount required was considerable, for a giant's sup is a drunkard's draught. Consequently he was some time absent. The Enville 'giant took advantage of this absence to visit his wife. One, two, three. He strode across country, popped his head in, kissed the lady, and retired before her husband returned with the pitchers. But one day he carried a moment too long, and the Austin giant saw him. Filled with jealous rage, he set down the pitchers, rushed. to the summit of the rock, and hurled his whetstone at the retreating neighbour. The whetstone missed its aim; it fell and planted itself upright, and for many genera- tions bore the name of the "Bolt Stone. In 1848 the farmer, in whose field it stood, blew it to pieces with gunpowder. Mr. Edmed, the cryer, having reached the foot of Holy Austin rock, rang a peal and looked up. Instantly the rock was alive. As from a Stilton cheese that is overripe the maggots tumble out, so from numerous holes In the cliff emerged women and children. Cut on the ledge, nearest the summit they clustered the thickest When the driver saw that he had collected an audience, and that it was attentive, he rang a second peal, and called- . { "O yes! O yes! This'iB to give, notice that this 'ere evening at six 6 o'clock at Stewponey, there is to be a grand champion match at bowls on the bowling green. At' the prize is to toe Bladys Rea, commonly known as Stew- poney Bia. Admittance, one shilling. 'Arf-a-crown reserved seats, and them tickets admit the bearer to the 'only function, by kind permission of the proprietor, in the Chapel of Stourton Castle. No 'arf price. Children and dogs not admitted." There were three stages of habitations on the rock. From out of the topmost, behind the children, emerged a singular figure, that of an old man in a long snuff coloured coat, with drab breeches and blue worsted stockings. A white v cravat encircled his neck. In his hand / he carried a stick. This old man now, began to descend the rock with agility, such as might not have been anticipated in one of his age. " Here comes Holy Austin," whispered some of the boys who had followed the river at a distance. " Oh my ! must we not be good, or we shall get whacks." The man who approached was not called Austin at his baptism, nor was Austin his surname ; nor was the rock called after him, but rather he after the rock for having come to inhabit one of the dwellings excavated out of it, in which he kept a day school, the name that had attached to the prong of sand- stone adhered to him ) He was more than schoolmaster. He was nobbler at the Church of Kinver that is to say, it was his office to walk; about during divine service, and tap on the head any man or boy overtaken with sleep. The wand of office was painted white, and had a blue knots at the end. It may now be understood why the boys who had mimicked and surrounded the bellman in the streets of Kinver kept distance and maintained a sober, demeanour. Before them was a man who was a schoolmaster, and gave Whacks during the week, and who was a nobbler, and could crack their heads on the Sunday. In his double capacity he was a man greatly to be respected and stood aloof from by boys. To a boy a soldier or a sailor is a joy ; a policeman is an object of derision a ghost is viewed with scepticism a devil is hardly considered at all but a" schoolmaster is looked on, preferentially! from afar, as a concentration of all" horrors, and when accentuated with in- vestiture with knobbledom, as something the quintessence of awfulness. " Repeat again. I didn't hear exactly said Holy Austin. . , " The cryer obeyed. The old man lifted up his hands " We live in evil days, and I sore fear in an evil place, and the salt that should have seasoned us has lost its savour. There have been no banns called. There can have been no license obtained, seeing none knows who will have the maiden. They say the chapel at Stourton is a peculiar," observed the bellman. The old man shook his head. " This is the beginning a bad story," said he and sighed. "Whither will it lead R How and where will it end ?" - < (To be continued on Tuesday.) The new Bishop of London (says the I " Daily News") has a keen sense of humour.' Wurruk a confirmation tour in the diocese of Peter- borough,. Dr. Creighton put up one I; evening in an' old manor house, and slept i in a room supposed to be haunted. Next morning at breakfast the Bishop was asked! whether he had seen the ghost. of New" ! he replied with great solemnity, " but I have laid the spirit ; it will never trouble you again " On being further interrogated: ยก as to what he had done, the Bishop said : " The ghost Instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restora- tion of Peterborough Cathedral." The Princess of Wales often draws with pen and pencil the sketches from which left gowns are " created." These drawings are always, by her express wish, returned to her Royal Highness. 