THE SERMON. i llis Lordship. Bishop Webber, preached a very eloquent sermon from the 20th chapter of St Matthew's Gospel, -.verses 6 and 7,' ' And about the eleventh hour he went out. and fcund otlurs .standing idle, and saith nnto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle ? ^ Theysay unto, liiin, Because no man natn nireel us, lie sait» unto tnem, 00 ye also into the vineyard.' ' His Lordship said : There can be very little doubt as to the lesson which the Church designs to teach oh Septuagesima Sunday. It was yje call to energy, to Iaboiti, to work. It is the summons to. each one of us in our respective stations, and in spite of disad vantages to be diligent in fulfilling the pur poses of our being, in doing what in us lies in our day and generation for the glory of God and the good of our fellow men. We may trace the lesson more or less distinctly in all the Scriptures which specially belong to the day It appears not only in the Gospel and epistle but also in the first lessons appointed for the morning and evening services. There, the subject brought under notice is God's own work, the work of Creatinn ' ' We hav* rrml in nnonSnrr 'pages of the book of Genesis the simple an'd yet- sublime 'description of- the putting forth that marvellous energy by which the heavens and: the earth. were finished and all the host 'of them, and thiugh-a study of the law of evolution might enable us the better to perceive the 1 principle of gradation which seemed to charactei ise the Divine handiwork, yet it is . to. revelation alone that we' turn for insight into the -source and well-spring o' light and life. From it we learn that in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. And thus \ve have been reminded, that the solid earth 011 which we stand with all its untoid marvels,' the wide vault' of. heaven .above us with all its thoiisa'nd glitteritjfe lights and star, depths unimagin able—earth, sen,'-, and sky ' have all a language for us to . whiclv we. do well to listen. ' The heavens declar® the glory of God,, anil the firmament sheweth his handi work.' ? To a dcvout'inind these and all the wondersywith 'which the universe is filled are as it were Sacraments of. Ilis presence who is over all from the beginning. And then when we reflect with reverential awe that the Most High and Hoi y One that inhabited eternity condescends to dwell with him -that' is of a contrite and humble spirit, the ex pression of that reverence should be not alone 'Oh Lord' , how manifold -are thy works ; in wisdom hast - thou made them all, '''.but rather, ' When I consider Thy heavens the work of Thy fingers,, the moon and 'the stars which Thou has created, what is man that Thou art mindful of him ?' But wc read also that God 'restcd on the seventh day from all. His works that lie had made. We kn6wj however, that 'these words by no means imply an entire cessation from activity upon the part of Ilim who neither slumbers nor sleeps. 'God,', it has'been said, .'Did not get the world going like a watch and leave it to spin round -his finger forever. Even if the work of creation -were in a cer tain sense ended, the work . of a divine superintending Providence that ordereth all' tilings in heaven and in earth is carried on WllllUtll llllwl lliiaaiuil. i-iui uiuy. ,n,cn: . All things created by Ilim, and ' of-. Him, but by Him all things consist. All t'iings in this, wonderful worla hold together and perform their work in unbroken order, and harmony, through, the unwearied activity of His AlnughtyvWill.^ -Nor, as we have ? implied, is this task of sustaining and upholding the visible universe ? the only, one which em ployed the energies of the Triune Godhead, The -mediatorial work, the praising of the sons of earth is earned on with the same uninterrupted activity as that of controlling and marshalling the worlds that are scattered, thrdiighsiace. 'My Father worketh and; I work,' said the Incarnate Son in vindica'- ' tiori of a; work of mcrcy performed on thejSabbath. If, the Father with- unabated, energy. is upholding all things by the work; of His power, the Son of Man is perpetually identified with the concerns of the human soul. That divine work: of advocacy and intercession is Hot sulTercd to be interrupted for a moment -as long as there are souls to' be won. Wherever men are turning to God in true repentance there the mediatorial worl^ is being itnwcariedly carried .on; wherever, there are hardened '-hearts and blunted conscicnces there he standcth at the door and knocketh and waiteth patiently for admission. ' Wherever lonely hearts tire craving 'for -a better sympathy than earth can give, anil are sending lorth irrcsprcssible cries for strength nnd consolation, there is a ready response from the Great High Priest ol our profession, who is perennially touched with the feeling of our infirmities. Where ever men and'womea are going astray like lost sheep upon the mountains, there is the Good Shepherd .employed in His mercilul task of seeking and saving the lost one's, in the hope 'of bringing, them back once' more to the fold. ? Wc might pursue this subject further with reference to the continuous energy of thcThird Person of the evcrblendcd Unity. Suffice it to observe that as at the fust impulse of Crea tive Power the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters when the eai\h was with out form and void, anil darkness was upnii the face of the deep, so tlie same Spirit is ev«r moving amid the darkness of the moral world, bringing light, and order, and harmony out of the Spiritual chaos, and raising up 11 new creation of enlightened beings out of the blank and formless ruins of the old. l..^- ll./. Ii'atl,..!. nn.l t » Son 'ar-. 1111. weariedly employed, the one in tlm task of ordering and upholding the universe, the other in she elevation of mankind so there is no cessation of the Holy Spirit's work -f ii ou' .ling and disciplining - the perverse wil'- of men and gu'ding them into the truth which alone c.in free. The fellowship of the Holy Ghost is no less a perpetual and life-giving energy than the Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Fatherly I.ove of fior'. Thus, then, the exhortation which en joins upon us the duty of working, rests on the great foundation f-i-.t lliat God himself is perpetually at wor!-\ Even the Most High claims no exemption from .the law of labour under which we live. The reproach ful expostulation 'Why «tand yc all the day idle ?' comes home with tenfold force when we remember that it proceeds from one who is Himself unweaiiedly employed, We pcrccivc additional kccuuess in tho itbulsc when wc remember that the keeper of the Vineyard Himself, neither slumbers 'nor sleeps. And there follows this further thought that it is not only our duty, but also our high privilege in all that concerns our true life to he fellow workers with Gid. I t is our privilege as Mis children, to see that our own energies, feeble though they may be,]are moving concentric with those of Omnipotence. No one can work.at all for him without feeling the conviction lhat their little plot of grim ml is part of the great and wide field of which the Lord is master. No one is too humble to be excluded from this co-operation with God Himself j such honour have all His saints. The E iistle of the day brings' under oiir notice the words of one in whom this con viction was mig'ity through God ti the pulling down of the strongholds of evil. 'So run '' says St. Paul, that ye may obtain. ?I therefore run not as uncertainly. So fight I not as one, that bcateth the air. These arc not the words of one stand!ng idle in the market place, but of one who had gone down to his Lord's vineyard and there worked ?with might nnd main, counting on no reward but His Master's love and ^approbation, and avowing himself but an unprofitable servant, lie felt that this earth with its weary load of sin and misery, was no place to sit down jn with folded hands an.l easy contentment, but a' place in which there is much stern work to be done that admits of no postpone ment, a place where there is perpetual war fare to be waged both within and without us,— a moral wilderness overgrown with tangled weeds and briars, that have to be rooted up before the world can become in any true sense the 'Garden of the Lord.' He obeyed the call and went in and worked manfully, bearing the burden and heat of the day and pissed away to his eternal rest, and, now the parable from which the text is taken addresses the same rebuke, the same earnest ' summons to ourselves. There is the same need of earnest diligence how, even though.it be the ninth or the eleventh hour of the world's great day, as when tlie great apostle girded up his loins for the' life-long task. ' Why stand ye idle?' '.Why stand-til thou idle ' is Rev. T. St. J. P. Pughe, VICAR OF ST. LUKE'S. still the stirring call which the Lord of the I vineyard addresses, to his .innumerable ! labourers. To adequately expound - the parable would exceed the limits of . time at our' disposal'. Therefore let ' u-- seize upon ' the ? practical points 'of instruction which lie upon the surface',' and : thcre is no doubt that the most prominent lesson intended to be conveyed', is the necessity and the duty of Christian exertion. It is the call addressed 40 the idlers , in the market place, ' Go ye also and work in my vineyard.' 'Whatever theories men may have formed of predestination to life, of justification by emotion; whatever truths arc taught of our.' inability to do anything without' .the graco of God being' beforehand with us, this fundamental truth runs underneath them all, and through them the whole texture of Scripture, from the beginning to the end, that man has to woik out his own salvation with fear- and trembling. In . the opening pages of Genesis man is ordered to. lie .a worker. In the last page of the revelation of St. John wc are warned ' Behold I come quickly and my reward is with me to give to every mail according to his. woik. lie that doeth that which is lawful shall save his soul alive!' is the voice of the ancient prophet; 'He that doeth righteousness -,ii righteous' is the voioc of the beloved Misciple. ' lie .only that runs shall win the prize is the burden not only of the Epistles of the day,' but of all the Epistles of St Paul. ' He only that labours shad receive the labourer's reward ' is the burden not only of that, but of all the ..parables of Christ. Doubtless the Gospel, recognizes the sacredncss of repose as welli-'as the sacredncss of labour. Mary may choose j the better part of waiting at the feet' of 'Jesus, whilst Martha is cum bered with .much labour. There are evils engendered by over-zealous activity as well as evil; engendered by supiuencss and sloth. The prevailing call of God and of nature A.-. ? ? ? ? .... fi-Hi. )« iiUuN.ii; and to his labor until'thc evening.' If our great Puritan poet' in- his blindness has .beautifully expressed the, ..exceptional case in those touching words,9.' they too may serve who only stand and wait,' the wider and more universal principle is that ex pressed in the words of my text, ' why stand ye idle, go ye also and work iu My vineyard In the plainest and most literal sense are these words a stern and urgent rebuke to the imlolei't and frivilous, .who go through life as though it had 110 serious aim or duties. There are those who work neither in the vineyard of the Lord or out of it. Existence for them is not a means to a hig(i and holy end. Nay rather it is 110 V means to any thing at ail but merely a space of time tn be got through with the l.-iit nouiblc discomfort or aiinv.riee. Ilieie was a story tol l ol a Itonrin Emperor who, when he could not call to mind any good deed done between sunrise and sunset, was wont to exclaim, ' My friends, 1 have lost a day.' Such persons lo»t not u day merely, but the best pail of their lives. At all times they may be found idling even os'er their pleasures, sauntering from one j liitlcss amusement tn another w'th a weai i ncsswlii.'h betrays how holluiv and f.il.cissneh a life. There was for them lillle hope, but there was always hope for those who worked because their energies might be turned into it worthier cluuucl. Hut (or those inert ami , sapless beings who fritter away life upon ! trifles what hope was there. Why stand they all the day idle. If they be not in earnest about this world's concerns what grounds was there for hope that they will be found faithful labourers in Gml's vineyard. ' If they be not faithful in the righteoin mammon, who will commit to their t-ust the true riches. But they were not to forget that working in the Lord's, vineyard denotes far more than being engaged in the world. There are busy men of the world ; there are women engrossed in domestic cares; there are hard worked toilers with hand nnd brain 'who rise up early and late, take rest aid cat the bread of carefu ness, ' who are yet to all intents and purposes standing idle in the market place, and why? Because they have never, recognised the true law of their being. They have never come in sight of their duty to God, because they have never realised that they are His by creation, redemption, and sanctification. There is no true and lasting work which does not bear the impress rf the holiness of His will. ? But let them not for a mrment deny that there have been and are those who, though they have not attained to the happiness of recognising the source of their inspirations, are none the less exhibiting in their lives a sense of responsi bility nnd care for* suffering humanity which breathes of the -very spirit of the Incarnation, anil constitutes a stand ing rebuke to many of clearer views. They thanked God. for it It was then an incisive summons to spiritual earnestness. But how many of them were doing this ? To how many did it then occur that they ought to be doing it? There arc some people who would answer that the neces sities of life, the haid struggle, to get their, daily, bread and to keep a roof oyer their heads prevented them from toiling as labo ers in the 'Master^, vineyard. Their energies arc already so ' taxed with their, daily occupation that they.have no time for religion. To this the'y briefly replied in the proverb of the '.Monks .of. old ' that work is worship if done as an offering to God.' Labor was no bar to a Christlikc charactcr. Did not St l'aul choose to work with his own hands rather than be depen dent on others. It was hot true that labour left no time for religion when labour is itself an essential part of religion, or rather, the sphere in which religious principle finds scope' for service.:. '^Ile 'served God best wh° made out of his station in life all that it ought to' be. ? Who extracted . from it the most opportunities for doing good in his j day and generation. And this; led them onward to the further thought of its applica tion to themselves, that not alone .as indi- N viduals but as' members of this church was the summons addressed to lis, and the ques tion was what were they each doing for the furtherance of the work-in' this land, where its progress,' humanly speaking, depended upon- the faith fulnes.-tTof each in his or her sphere. It was because there Wei e those who in the silence of their soul having heard the call were not disobedient that they were enabled at.an earlier hour that morning with glad Eucharist to open the . church for the service of God. Would that he had been in a position to havc made the service one of consecration, but it was not becoming to con idjjate for ever to the service of God that which was not theirs to oder, as its : cost was to a considerable sum as yet un discharged. Still to have done what has been done was a great thing. Many would remember that eight or nine years ago their1 chief pastor strongly counselled1 that the church people in .Toowoomba should amal gamate the two congregations of St, Luke's and St. .lames' a^tl erect one great church in the centre of the town.- But years passed and no movement was made, Then with the goodwill of the Rural Dean the district of St. Luke's was committed to their present Vicar, in the hope that as the best apparently could not be, the best possible might be attained, and the unfit building give place to one mere worthy its high purpose. How he had been enabled to labour sclf-dcnyiugly nn.l In In.-.,,;,-,, r.lhnr^ tvilll n llhn v^nl' il needed no words of his to describe. 'Si inonumcntmii requiris, circuni^picc,' Through times and seasons of exceptional difficulty, which severely tests courage and endurance, himself spending and beingspcnt, seconded in his' efforts' by a good working committee and generous friends, he had persevered in the work to which lie had been called, and they in their glt.dness that day rejoiced with him (the Vicar) and his co-workers in being assembled I or the worship of God in a building which even in the simple beauty of its design, and in the honesty of its execution, a building which even in its present stage is the noblest structure that the Church possess in S.'iislierii Queensland. Their work was of gieat moral value to the diocese. It was a strong pretest — a witness for God in a land that is steeped in materialism, in which the people have little belief in the possibility of carrying out a great work by direct giving or of moving at all without the crutches of r.dventiti) us aid. Hut they would not now rest ivitli folded hand i. \ really de termined elToit on the part of each cue would go far lo discharge the debt, and chcer ihc heart of their vicar and his workers' The object lesson would be of a great moral ( value to themselves, and to the diocese, as showing what might lie done throughout the diocese If there were in this church but the heart to hear tl.c call ' Go work into my vineyarl' and obey the voice instead of standing all the dity Td!c-~if each one who called himself a Christian would but give a tenth of his means to the work of God, Would that all who had laboied in hi. Lukes' could have been with them that day of glad less, and, 111 particiil ir, that ru;ed servant of God, though physically unable to lie . with them that day, hrfU two days ago begged him to assure them that though necessarily absent m body, through weight of years.. would be present in spirit, lie (the speaker) urged upon them the desira bility of freeing their church from debt. He urged that a vcry'dctcrinined effort on the part ol each one of the great congrega tion present should be- made that day as a thank offering, and such would go far to discharge the debt remaining on the build ing. They should set their hearts on having the design of the building completed, and this could be done if they one and all entered ,upon the work in the spirit of prayer and a determination tlmt it shall be done The opportunity for this usefulness would not lie for long. The longest day soon readied its clo-ic. They had scarcely entered upon lifes serious work when the lengthening shadows began to speak of the clcvcnthhour The eleventh hour — how the very sound of those words deepens every note of exhorta tion and solemnizes every warning How much it says of the coming of the 'twelfth hour which has not yet struck. How much of the golden hours, which have already struck and passed away. How much' of .the piescut hour which is still striking. ' Late indeed but not too late — .too late to undo all the evil that ought to be undone, but not too late to do all the good that ought to be done. Not too late for any one of them even at the eleventh hour to consecrate their lives to God. To begin to be generous ? where before they had been niggardly ; to be self-denying w.'. ere before tliey had been selfish. Let them pause for a moment ere 'they leave that house and take home with thein the charge, 'Go work in my vineyard.' Consider what they had been doing hitherto and consider what* they ought to do ere the twclith hour strikes, and with one stride comes the dark night, 'when 110 man can work.' JcstiH rails up; o'er the tumult Of 'our lifo'n wild rcstli'iM -vi Day by ilay hix swi'i'l \ imv nhumli'lli, toayiiig, 'christian, follow 31o Josns oalls us fiotu the worship ' Of Iho vain world's goUun f-turo, From 11 icli I lol that wouhl keep us, Saying, 'Christian, i nv Mo more,' Josus oails us : hy Thy morcio-V ? Saviour, nvikc'us hoar 1 liy trail,' ? Givo our licarU to tliiuo olioiiioiu'e, ./ ^ Servo anil love Tiioe host of all. ' Then wc shall fmd that He who has called u ; into his vineyard was Himself working with them, aad would own them as His sen/ants on the last great day. At the conclusion of the 'service tlie pro--' cession was again formed and returned to the vestry in the same way as the church had been eiitered during which the congregation sang hymn No: 302. ' THE CHOIR. During the services the' choir, which numbered nearly fifty voices, rendered the anthem 'Lift up your heads,' from the Messiah with very pleasing effect, under ;the able conductorship of J[r Stanley Ilobson, who had spent no . pnins in perfecting his choir in their work. Material assistance was rendered to the instrumental musical portion of the services by the Orchestral Socicty who generously, came forward to aid in making the opening services successful. Mr Stanley Ilobson presided at the new ; organ' with his ? well- known skill, nnd also acted as conduc tor. Whilst the congregation was retiring the orclicitra played -with stirring effect the 'March Flambeaux.' ^ A REMITION. V Whilst congratulating the parish of St Luke upon theencrgv nnd sell-denial shown by them in providing the funds for the new church it is not inappropriate to mention the support accorded by the Vicar, who.hu devoted four years of his stipend to the building fund, and the generous suppoit accorded by Mr 1'. C- Brodribb, who in the fir.-.t instance donated £ 1000 to the fund and has since in many ways aided the 'movement. To Mr llrodribb it must indeed have been gratifying to be present at the dedication 'services of cue iioi/ic mtmimg iviiicn 111s unostentatious generosity has been in a great measure the means of erecting. Undoubtedly he will find liis generosity repaid in the bright and joyous services held iu the building and in the joy which it gives to many others. We triist that he will be spared to witness tlie consecration cf the completed building which has already made such progress There are many others to whom special recognition is due whose names wc have not yet been able to ascertain, but would point out that the surplices and cassocks were the work of the ladies of the parish, andicflectcd great credit on their, workmanship Mr 1'adget kindly cut out the cassocks for the ladies. THE EVENING SERVICE; . ^ - ? In the afternoon a special service for the children was held, at which a i address was given by Bishop Webber, and a collection of £40 14s 1 id was taken up -for the North doorway. ... ; The evening service was even more largely attended than in the morning, and several hundred persons were unable to gain admission. The preacher was the Bishop of the Western districts (Bishop Stretch), wdio delivered nil. eloquent and stirring a'ddrcss from the words ' Let 'all the people say Amen.' Throughout he was listened to with wrapt attention. As in the morning the singing of the choir and the instrumental music provided by the Orchestral Society added much to the beauty of the service. THE COLLECTIONS. The total collections during the day reached the niaguificent total of /4S0 us S«I; or nearly half the amount asked for by the Vicar, which gives ample promise of his desire being in a great measure realised. On Tuesday evening Bishop Stretch will conduct a service for men only This is sure to be a grand intellectual treat, and it is so be hoped there will be a good roll up of men. The offertory on this occasion will be devoted to the South doorway, and we are sure the men will not allow their | contributions to be less than the children. I 