THE STOEYTELLEB ' The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER VII. Nicholas got Bafely across to Corintli early in the morning after be had left Mits.os, and waited there a few days fcr a caique to tsike him to Pat ras. The work which the leading GreekB were a a - J .n '3 'o B o | I I d I 'l a S I ?8- I a I a ,s I 3 a- ,o bo a 00 IS | a a. '%? | 3 O -, O .£3 & a- ,n § ?s P. 1) preparing throughout the Peloponnese was there in the hands of Germanos, the Bishop. Like Ni cholas, he too had felt the cruelty and appetites of the Turk, and, like Nicholas, he was willing to wait for revenge until the whole scheme waR ripe to the core. An agent of his had met Nicholas at Corinth, bidding him come, if he had a few days to spare, at once ; if not, as soon as he could. Nicholas, however, had left Nauplia with the idea of proceeding on to Patras at once, and he sent the messengers back, saying he was on his way. It was not safe for him, however, to go by land. That he was suspected of being concerned in in trigue against the Turk he knew, and as his plans were now already beginning to be thoroughly or ganised he wished to avoid any needless risk. On the second day, however, a Greek caique laden with figs was starting from Corinth, and Nicholas went on board soon after dark. About midnight they started. For a few hours a steady breeze drew up from the narrow end of the gulf, but it slackened and dropped between 3 and 4 in the morning, and daylight found them becalmed, -with slack sails gome eight miles out at sea, near y opposite Itea. To the north Parnassus had already ' taken the morning ' and stood flushed with red high above them while they still lay on a dark plain of water smooth as glass. On the opposite side of the gulf, but further ahead, Cytbene and Helmos on the north side of which last winter's snow still lay heraldic-ally in bars and besante had also caught the light, which as the sun rose higher flowed like some luminous liquid down their slopes wooded below with great pine forests. Nicholas, who slept like a dog, lightly, and only when he had nothing else to do, was lying on deck, a.nd only woke when the sun had risen high enough to touch the caique. The captain and owner of the boat, who had been all night in the little close cabin below, came on deck at that moment, and sat down near him. ' The wind has dropped altogether,' he said. ' We may be here for hours Are you in a hurry to get on ? ' Nicholas filled his pipe very carefully. '? I am never in a hurry,' he said, ' if I am going as quick as I can. I cannot make the wind, and so I am content to wait. You seem to have a good heavy cargo.' ' A good heavy cargo,' paid the man, ' Yes, and it would have been half as much again if those devils had not seized a lot of it at Corinth.' ' The Turks ? ' said Nicholas. ' Yes ; port dues they called them. Much of a port is Corinth ; a heap of stones tumbled into the water, and a rickety staircase.' ' That is new, i6 it not ? The harbour dues, I mean.' ' Yes. Put on a month ago,' paid the man ; '* but if I hear rig-ht, it won't be very old when it is taken off again.' ' What do you mean ? ' ' They say the devils are to be treated as such. I spend my life on the sea, and don't hear much, but surely you heard what was being said at Corinth f That before a year waB out we Greeks would not have these masters any longer.' One of the crew was standing near, and the captain motioned him to go away. ' I don't like talking too much, especially be fore my own men,' he said, ' but I don't mind telling- you. You will be landed at Patras, and you will go on your way and I mine. I heard it at the cafe last night. Four Turks were talking about the arms which they say the peasants are collect ing. They spoke of one Nicholas Vidalis as a leader. They expected to catch him though ; they knew he was travelling to Corinth.' ' The deuce they did,' thought Nicholas. Then aloud, ' Who is this Nicholas ? ' 'Nay, I don't know him,' said the man. ' I am from- the islands. I thought you might have heard of him.' ' From the islands are you ? ' asked Nicholas. ' From which P ' ' Over from Spetzas.' Nicholas lit his pipe with a lump of charcoal, and inhaled a couple of long breaths, wlent, but with a matter in balance. Then looking straight at the man he said : l- I am Nicholas, the man they thought they could calch. But they don't .catch me, you know, for I am a clean nnd God-fearing man, and I hate the devil whose name is the Turk. And now there are two ways open to you — one is to give me up at Patran, the other to try to help me and others in what we are doing. For this will be no time for saying, ' I have nothing to do with this — let Turk and Greek fight it out.' You will have to take one side, and you had better begin at once. See, I have trusted you with my secret, because you may be of U6e to me. You come from Spet/as, and you probably know the coast of Greece as a man knows the shape of his boots and gaiters. We have got plenty of men to fight on land, and plenty to pay them with ; what we want are little ships which in case of need will hang about the Turks, if they try to escape, and sting them as the mosquito stings the cattle in the evening.' Nicholas paused for a moment, and his face lit (Continued on page 292.) UP witti. hate. ' For it will be evening -with them,'* he said. 'A morning shall dawn, but light ? shto have overtaken them, and they will awake no more. Do you know what is the strong est feeling |ihat ever grips a man's heart ? No, not love, nor yet fear, but revenge. And if you had suffered as I have snffered you would know what it is to be filled with one thought only— to eee blood in the sunrise and blood in the setting of the sun, and feel that you have ceased to be a man and have become a sword. That is what I am, and I am in the hand of God. And by me He will smite and spare not. And when there are no more tit- smite, perhaps I shall become a man again and live to see peace and plenty bless a free people. But I know nothing, and I do not greatly care. Gome, now, what answer do you give me P ' ^Nicholas rose to his feet ; * the other had risen to, and they faced each other. There was some ? thing ill the earnestness and intensity of this man with one idea which would not but be felt, for though we may raise pur eyebrows and shrug pur shoulders, enthusiasm- remains the one driving force in the world, whatever engine it chooses to drive. And his companion felt it. ' Tell me more,' he eaid eagerly. ' But wait a moment — here is the wind.' He hurried aft to give orders to the men. Par away on the polished surface of the water be» hind them, as smooth and shining as a sealskin, a line had appeared as if the coat had been stroked the wrong way. In a couple of minutes the men were busy with the ropes, and two stood ready *P slacken the sheets of the mainsail in a moment if it was: a sudden squall coming, and one stood at the tiller, for some cross current had turned the boat round, aud it would be necessary to put about. Meantime, the rough line had crept nearer, and behind it they could see the top of little wares cut off by the wind and blown about in spray. A couple of men had put out one of the long oars, and were tugging hurriedly at it to get the head of the boat straight before the wind before it struck them. But they were not in time ; the wind came down with a scream, thfe boiit heeled over, the leeward gunwale tofuched 'the water, and the mast bent ; then at exactly the right moment the sheets were slackened for a moment to let her right herself, and then braced again, and in a few seconds they were scudding straight dpym the gulf almpst directly before the wind, till -with their increasing speed, it seemed tp die down again. The water all round' them was broken up into an infinite number of little green, white fringed hollows, through which at the pace, they were going they moved across as quickly as a skater on smooth ice. Nicholas had carefully watched the handling of the boat during these operations, and he saw that the little crew of six men knew their work per fectly, and that they were quick and prompt at the moment when a mishap might easily have oc curred. He never let slip the smallest opportu nity which might some day prove to be useful, and he knew that for anything like united action it vypuld I be necessary for the greeks to have, if not command of their sea coast, at any rate the power to communicate with each other. The out break, as he had planned it, would take place in the Peloponnese, but to be of any value it would have to spread over the north. Patras and Miseo longhi were within a few miles of each other by sea, but unless there was frequent communication by sea they would be powerless to help each other. To some extent both his fear and his hope were realised. ' Half an hour later he and Kanarifl, captain of the boat, were breakfasting together, and Nicho las was explaining to him exactly what the weak ness of the movement was and how he could help. He wished him, he said, to continue to exercise his trade for the sake of appearances, but always to be ready fit a moment's notice. When the outbreak took place it was certain that many of the Turks, especially, those on the \seacoast, would try to escape by sea. This must be stopped. They were not going to embark on any polite diplomatic war ; for them war meant destruction of one side or the other. He told him in detail how this means of escape was to be cut off as will later ap pear, and as he unfolded his bloody plan Kanaris's heart burned within him, and he promised in the name of God to help him to gather the red vin tage of their oppressors. About midday the wind went down and they lay ; bfecalraM again. But Nicholas, who, as he has.said, was never in a hurry when he was going as quick as he could, felt that iiis time was not being wasted in the least. Kanaris wan the head of a big-clan at Spetzas, and for generatiops he and his:1iad been seafaring folk,- men of the; wind and wave, and the cpntingentB he might raise would be valuable. Nicholas promised, if possible, to come to Spetzas himself before the year was out, but he said that jus hands were very fijll and he could pledge no certainty. They lay tossing about for three hours or more, for the wind of the morujng had roughened the narrow sea, which bo quickly gejfcs up under a squall from ihe mountains, and ihe great green billows came chasing each other down from £he east beneath a brilliant autumn sun which turned them inpo living, rejoicing things. The boat, ly|ng low in the water with its heavy cargo, reeled and. rolled like a drunken man, alternately lifting up its sides, ashine with the sea, over the crest of a wave and burying itself again in its trough. The sun drew out from the crates of figs their warm odour of luxuriance and autumn, which hung heavy found the Iboat, bnt every now and then a puff of wind would come and blow it all a^yay, letting in the salt freshness of the sea. : By 4 o'clock, however, the wind, still favour able j sprang. up again, and on they went towards the sunset, the black mass of the boat parting an4 burrowing through the waves,' and throwing off from its sides sheets of spent: foam. As the hours went by Kanaris felt more and more. the ?; fascination and power of this strange man, and after dinner they sa- together in the stern watch ing the heavens reel and roll about them, and the tip of the mast striking wildly right and left across a hundred stars. Nicholas sat on the taff rail; balancing himself exquisitely to every move ment of the boat, and talking in his wonderful low voice of a thousand thingsl For no one knew better than himself his pwn strength, and how individual it was; and the success of his efforts at present had been like the love which Miteos bore him, the result of his personal power, which could fan into a flame the smouldering hatred against thjs Turks, which might have smouldered for ever had it not been for him. Germanos, the Metropolitan Bishop of Patras. had just got up next morning when his messenger came back, having travelled through the night to announce Nicholas's coming, and also to report the same talk in the cafes which Kanaris bad heard. The Bishop smiled' to himself at the idea of anything unforeseen happening to Nicholas, and told his servant, whom he implicitly trusted, to let it%e widely known that Nicholas had been taken and killed. if For,?' as he said, «.« the Turks will be de lighted to believe that, and men always succeed in believing what they wish, and all Greeks who have ever heard of Nicholas will know that it is one of those things which do not happen. Tell them I am' ready for breakfast, and let a room for the poor dead man be got ready.*' \- Germanos. was a splendid specimen of a Greek of unmixed blood, now nearly or quite extinct. His family came from the Island of Delos, which' the Turks had never troubled about, and they only married with islanders. 'He was rather above middle height, and his long black cassock made him appear taller. In accordance with Greek rite, neither his hair nor beard had ever been cut, and the former flowed black and thick on to his shoulders, and his beard fell in full rippling lines down as far as his waist. Though for three or four years his life had been one long effort of or ganising his countrymen against the Turks, the latter had never suspected anything of the kind, and he intended to take the fullest advantage of their misplaced confidence in him. Though Germanos had not trodden the world as widely as Nicholas had done, he was, neverthe less, what we should now call a man of the world, shrewd, witty, and educated. And Nicholas, too though, foi the sake of the great cause, he would have condemned himself cheerfully never to speak to a man of his own rank and breeding again — found it a pleasant change after his incessant wanderings among peasants to mix with his own kiiid again. His few days with Constantine at Nauplia, it is true, he had enjoyed, for it was im possible ' not to be happy when that apostle of happiness, the little Mitsos, was by, and Con stantine too, was of ten salt of the earth. He only arrived- in the evening just before dinner, and they sat down together as soon as he had washed. 'I have got hold of a good man, I think, to day,' said Ificholas. '.' J told him he might come and talk to youto-mprrow. I would 'have brought him with me, but he was busy 'with his fig cargo.' ; *'* My dear Nicholas, you are indefatigable. I don'fcljelieve there is a man in the world but 'you who would wake at dawn on the gulf and in stantly Wet about making a proselyte. Why did you think him promising P' ' ^ ' From what he said about the Turk and the new harbour dues at Corinth.' The Bishop frowned. ' New harbour dues ! It is time to think of harbour dues when there is a harbour.' 'So he said,' answered Nicholas. 'Appa- rently, they simply seized a lot of his cargo.' ' We are commanded,' remarked Germanos, ' to love all men. I do not know whether I love the Turk, but I am certain I do not like him. And I hope it will please God to remove as many as pos sible of his kind to the kingdom of the blest or elsewhere without delay. I say so in my prayers.' ' Nicholas smiled. ' That sounds rather an ecclesiastical quibble,' said he. ' You pray not for their destruction, bat for their speedy salvation. Is that it P ' . ' To ' love all men ' is a hard saying. I find that I have to try to adapt it to the exigencies of our position. I am quite certain that the re moval of that nation will be for the permanent good of mankind. What does the Psalmist say P ' I will wash my footsteps, in the blood of the un godly.' ' 'As far as I can learn the ungodly were expect ing to wash their footsteps in my blood at Corinth,' said Nicholas ; '-? but Ihey behaved thoroughly characteristically. They expected me twenty-four hours after I had got away.' 'How' did things go at Nauplia ? '; '' Better than I could possibly have expected. I found the very man, or rather boy, I wanted in my ypnng nephew.1' . ? fi How old is he?' ' Eighteen, but six feet high, and the foot of a roedeer on the mountains. Moreover, I can trust juni to the death.' '-.... f Eighteen is too young, surely,' said Ger manos.. ' Again, you can trust many people to just short, of that point, and thsy are the most dangerous of all to work with. I would sooner work with a man I could not trust as far as a topthachje.'? 'In ?'?''/aaijarer Nicholas told him of ihe test to which he had put Mitsos, and Germanos listened, with interest and horror. ' You are probably right then, and I am wrong-,' he: said. ' But ipw could you do it ? Are you flesh and blood, and a young bpv like fchitf' ?'? :' . ;?;? .- '. ? ?? ???.? ;?'???. ~ ''? Yes, it was horrible,' said Nicholas, M but it was necessary. I knew by it thajt he wbb one in a . thousand. He did not turn a -hair.' '-??'??? 'VWhat do you propose to do with him now ? ' ' That is what I came to you to talk _to you . abou£ '\ 1t is time to set to work in earnest. He must go from village to village, especially round Sparta; and tell them to begin what I told them, : and to bp ready.' ? . ; i '*? What did yon tell them to begin ? ' asked Germanos. ' Can you ask P Surely to grind black corn for the Turk; You say you are collecting arms here?' ' Not here, at the Monastery at Megaspelaion. Many of them have been bought from' t^e Turks themselves. There is a sting in that. The monks carry them in among the maize and bamboo stalks. Father Priketes was met the other day by a couple of their little Turkish soldiers, who asked why they were carrying eo many bamboo stalks, and he said it was to mend the roof. Bamboo stalks would make a capital roof.' ' Yes, the monastery roof will want a deal of mending,' said Nicholas. ' Do you suppose they suspect anything P ' ' Certainly, but they have nothing; to act on ; besides, I would be willing to let them search the monastery from top to bottom. Do you remember the chapel there and the great altar ? ' 1 ' Surely.' ' The flagstones under the altar have been taken up and a hole made into the crypt. The door into the crypt which opens from the passage in the floor below has been completely blocked up and covered with the panelling which ran along the passags and continues in the library. It was taken away from behind the cases in the library arid patched into the crypt door. It is impossible to detect it. Mehemet Salik, th.3 new Gcvernor in ^Tripoli, was there only last week and examined the whole place.' . ' That is good,' paid Nicholas. ' Your doing I suppose. How many guns have you ? ' ''About a thousand, and twice as many swords. In another month we shall be ready. Megaspe laion is a far better centre than this at present, as it is so much nearer TripoHtxa. That is where the struggle will begin.' -«?« Who knows P ' said Nicholas. ' When we are ready we will apply the match at the most convenient spot. Personally I should prefer ? ' He stopped. ' Well P ' ' It is this,' said Nicholas. ' It is no gallant and polite war we want. We do not want ito make terms, or treaties, or threats. We want to strike and have done with it, to exterminate. I should prefer, if possible, striking the first blow either at Kalaraata or Nauplia. Then the dogs from all round would run yelping into Tripoli tza, as it is their strongest place, and so at the end there would be none left.' ?'; .-Exterminate is no Christian word, Nicholas. The women and the children ? ' ' The women and children,' said Nicholas ris ing and pacing up and down the room, .' what are they to me P Once when I was an outlaw I spared them, yes and spared the men too, only sending them riding back with their faces to their horse's tail. But did they spare my wife and my child ? If there is a God in heaven I will show them the mercy they showed me.' Germanos was silent a few minutes, and waited till Nicholas had sat down again. ' Will you drink more wine P ' he asked. ' If not. we will sit on the balcony ; it is hot to- nig-ht. I think you are right about striking the first blow somewhere in the south, so that they shall go to Tripoli. I had thought before that it would be better to strike in two or three places at once. But your plan Beems to me the better. Come outside, Nicholas. We have talked of this enough for to night.' ' Germanos's house stood just out of the town, high up on the hill which was crowned by the castle, and from his balcony they could seethe twinkling lights in the fort below, beyond the stretch of dark water, and dimly on the other side of the gulf the hill above Missolonghi shouldering itself up in the faint black distance. The moon had risen above the castle behind them, and turned the whole world to silver and ebony. Cicalas chirped in the bushes, and the fragrance of thn southern night came drowsily along the wind. Every now and then a noise would rise up for a moment in the town, shrill to its highest, and die away again. A boy brought them out coffee made thick and sweet in the Turkish manner, and two narghiles with amber mouthpieces and. brazen bowls for holding the coarse-cut tobacco. On each he placed a glowing'charcoal ember, and handed the mouth pieces to the two men. For a while they sat in silence, and then Nicholas spoke. ' It will be no time for mercy. I shall go where my vow leads me, and I have vowed to spare neither man, woman, nor child. I will show them the mercy they showed me, neither more nor less.' ' God make you merciful on that day, as you hope for mercy,' said Germanos. ' For me I shall not be a party to any butchering .of the de fenceless. There will be plenty of butchers with out me. A battle has to be fought ; it must be so, it cannot be otherwise. Fight and spare not, but when the fighting ' is over let the rest go out of the country, for we will not have them here. But their blood shall not be upon my head. I will not make myself no better than a Turk.' The two narghiles bubbled in silence again for a few minutes, and at last Germanos broke in with a laugh. ' The Turks all think you are dead,' he said. '' I told Dimitri to let it be widely known that you had been killed at Corinth. It is just as well they should believe it ; that sleepy old Mohamed Achmet was here this afternoon, and he regretted it with deep-seated enjoyment. They seemed to . know all about you here.' ' They don't know me by sight,' said Nicho , las, ' and as I am dead they never will. It is possible it will prove useful to me. '^ 'As you say, it may prove useful. What are your plans for to-morrow ? We will do what you like. It might be. useful to you to see Megaspe laion. We could get there in a day if the wind held to Aigion. They have, as I said, a curious little crypt there, which is worth a visit.*' ' -liricholas smiled. '.'It is impossible for a man to see too much,' he said, ' just as it is impossible for a man to pre tend to know too little. I would give a small for tune to have a face like my brother-in-law Con stantine, for it is as a mask in Carnival time, be hind which who knows what may be? Yet Mitsos obeys him as — as he obeys me.' '?' Perhaps Mitsos has not fallen in love yet. That sometimes causes ruptures.' .,' The little one in' love would be fine,' said Nicholas. ' He would send the whole world to the devil. Why, shooting is the strongest passipn he has known yet, and he does it as if all the saints ? were watching him.' 'I hope some of them are,' remarked Qer' manos, ' and that they will especially watch him when he is inclined to send the whole world to the devil. C hope Mitsos will not think of includ ing me'' ' I will warn him when I see him next time. I shall go on There, I think, in November. I must get back to Maina first and see my cousin Pelros Mav romjcbalefi, who is the head of the clan, and find out if they are prepared to rise in a body. But we shall want Mitsos most, I expect, by hea. That man Kanaris was handy enough with his boat, but I would back Mitsos to sail against him in any weather.' ' Ah, that fireship is a horrible idea of your?, Nicholas.' '? Horrible but necessary. We can't have sup plies of arms and gunpowder coming in to the Turks by sea, and there must be no escape out of the death-trap which we will snap down on them. And now let me tell -you all that is in my mind, for it may be we shall not meet again till the vin tage is ripe for the. gathering.'' For an hour or bo Nicholas talked eagerly, un folding his schemes, Germanos listening always with attention, sometimes dissenting-, but in the main with approval. He spike of the Club of Patriots in North Greece, who had given him leave to act in their name until the time came for them to send a delegate who would act openly, for at present, if it became known that the lead ing men of Greece, many of whom were in high official positions under the Turks, were concerned in schemes of revolution, the whole project would be a pricked bubble. He sketched the ris ing of the peasants, in whom the strength of the war would lie, the flame that should run through the land, as through sumer-dry stubble, from north to south and east to west, and it seemed in after years to Germanos that a spirit of prophecy had been on the man. And as Nicholas went on, another vision rose before the Bishop's eyes, the vision of his Church, the mother of their hearts, throned not only there, but in the glory of an earthly magnificence, in visible splendour the bride of her Lord. Therein was food for hope and aspiration, and his thoughts drifted away from war and bloodshed to that. And when Nicholas had finished he met an eye that kindled as his own, but with thoughts ?which were not spoken, but partook of their sweet and secret food in silence and self-communing. Kanaris had finished his unlading the same evening, and he readily consented to take Nicho las and Germinos as far as Vostitza, a fishing vil lage lying- some four miles from the mouth of the gorge, at the top of which stands Megaspelaion. Here the Archbishop and Nicholas would- get mules and reach the monastery the same evening. Vostitza, with a fair wind, was not more than four hours from Patras, and on arriving there the Archbishop went straight to the house -jf the Turkish Governor, from whom he procured mules, and to whom he introduced Nicholas as his cousin ; and the three talked together awhile, dis cussed the idle rumours that were going abut con cerning a movement against the Turks among the Greeks, and found certain comfort in the un doubted fact that Nicholas had been killed two days before at Corinth. He was a turbulent, hot-headed man, said the Archbishop, and did not value the blessings of peace. His cousin also had met him. — a quarrelsome, wine-rbibbing- fellow. He could have had no fitter end than the brawl in a wine shop. They stayed talking an hour or so while tl eir mules were being procured, and Said Aga was much relieved to find that Germanos laughed at anything being on foot among the Greeks. True, there had been disturbances lately ; a Turkish tax-collector had been killed at Diakophton, three miles from Vostitza. Had they not heard ? The news came yesterday. ' Alas for this unruly people,' 6aid Germanos.. ' How did it happen ? ' ' I hardly know,' said Said Aga. ' It was the . usual story, I believe. He had taken to himself a fresh woman, and the husband killed him. The man has fled, but they will catch him, and he will 6uffer and then die. For me, I shrug my should ers at these thing. We Turks have certain cus toms, and the Prophet himself had four wives, and when we are lords of the country we must be obeyed.' ' True,' said Nicholas, ' quite true : and we must submit. It is not the will of God that all men should be equal.' He caught Germanos's eye for a moment. ' I am glad that you think there is nothing in these rumours,' went on Said Aga. ' The Greeks would hardly be so foolish as to attempt anything of the sort. But the rumours are somewhat per sistent. It was even said that the monks at Me gaspelaion tvere collecting arms ; and' my col league, Meheniet .Salik — a very energetic man, who is soon to be in charge of Tripoli— thought best to make an inspection of it. But he was quite satisfied there was no truth in it.' Germanos laughed heartily. ' That is a little too much,' he said. 'You may, at least, rest as sured that we priests of God are men of peace. Our mules, they tell nie? are ready. A thousand thanks, Excellency, for your kindness.' They rode in silence for some little way through the straggling village street, payed with big, un even stones. The villagers were all out in the fields for the fruit harvest, and the rough, shaggy- haired dogs, keeping watch in the deserted house yards, came rushing out. barking and snarling ' ? with bared teeth at the sound of their males, with their tinkling bells and iron-shod feet grating on the cobbles as they passed. The mule boys oaid little attention to their noisy menaces, though now and then some dog, more savage or less wisely valorous than his fellows, would come within stick distance, only to be sent back with better cause for crying than before. But in ten minutes or so they got clear of the village, and, taking one of the field roads, struck across the plain towards the mouth of the gorge, about five miles distant. The grapes were not yet so far advanced as at Nauplia, and would not be ready for gathering for six weeks, but the fruit harvest was going on, and under Hie fig trees were spread coarse strips of matting on which the ;lFr8|i rant piles were laid to dry. A few late pomegran ate trees were still covered with their red wax-like blossoms, but on most the petals had fallen, and the fruit, like little greeu-glazed pitchers, was beginning to swsll towards maturity. The men were at work in the vineyards cutting channels for the water, and through the green of the fig trees you could catch sight overy now and then of the brightly-coloured pettiqoat of some woman picking figs, or else her presence was only indi cated where the leaves were thicker by the dump ing of the ripe fruit on to the canvas strips below. The sun was right overhead before they struck the mouth of the gorge, and the heat intense ; even the cicalas were silent for an hour or two. But as they approached the gorge a cold wind blew down from bet sveen the enormous crags, bearing on it the voice of the brawling torrent, which is fed by the snows of Cyllene and Helmos, and never runs dry. Here the country was given up to olives and wheat, and occasional clumps of maize near the bed of the stream. The oleanders were still in flower, and their great clumps of pink blossom marked the course of the river. Another mile took them to the ford, on the other side of which the road began to ascend up through the evernarrow iug gorge. Further up they found it impossible to keep to the course of the stream ; Ihe road had been washed away in places, and leaving it on their right, they turned up over a steep grassy stretch of moor, sprinkled here and there with pines. Looking back they could see below them the hot luxuriant plain they had left below, sleeping and palpitating under the blue haze of heat, and further off the shimmering waters of the gulf. As they ascended the vegetation changed, pines entirely took the place of the olives and the grass, all brown and dead from the summer's heat below, began to be flushed with green, and studded with wild campanulas, and little blue gentians throbbing with colour. Then, descending again, they passed along the upper slope of the cliffs above the gorge, and saw before them the deep sheltered valley stretching up to Kalavryta, a land of streams and a garden of the Lord. The sun was already near its setting when thpy joined the main road leading up to the monastery from the valley, and they struck into a train of some half-dozen mules laden with long bamboo si alks, the tops of which brushed along the ground behind. Two of the monks from the monastery were in charge of these, and when they saw who it was ?with Nicholas they stopped and kissed the Arch bishop's hands. As they moved forward again, he said : ' I see you are carrying bamboo stalks, my eons. From where did they come ? ' 'From Kalavryta,' said one. ' We have six mules laden with them.' ' That is good. Observe, Nicholas, how fine these bamboos are. They seem to be a heavy load. The monastery roof, they say, wauts mending.' The younger of the two monks smiled. ' A great many things want mending, father,' he said. ' We are making preparations for mend ing them.' Nicholas, who was in front, checked his mule. ' And have you black corn,'' he said. ' Good black corn for the Turk.' The monk shook his head. ' I do not understand,' he said. Grermanos smiled back at Nicholas. ' A roof for the monastery first, Nicholas,' he said. ' There will be time for the black corn when the roof is mended. And now, my son, I will ask you to go forward quickly, and tell Father Priketes, with my salutations, that my cousin a,nd I will arcive very sxm. We shall stop with him for a day, or it may be two, for we wish to superintend this mending of the monas tery roof, and see that it is well done for the glory of God.' Another half an hour's quiet riding brought them in sight of the monastery, which from the distance was indistinguishable from the face of the cliff against which it was built. Hundreds of lights shone from the narrow windows, row above row, some from the height of all its twelve stories, ? twinkling a hundred feet above them, as if from cottages perched high on the-cliff, others larger and nearer, from the windows of the sacristy and library. To the right stood the great gateway, about which several moving lanterns showed that the news of their coming had Rlready reached, and that preparation was being made to receive the Archbishop. As they got close they could see that the monks were pouring out of the arch, and taking their place in rows on each side of the ter race leading up to the gate. In front of them stood the novices, some mere boys of fourteen and fif teen, but all dressed alike, and all with leng, un cut hair flowing on to their shoulders. In the centre of the gateway, a tall white-haired figure Rtood, Father Priketep, who helped the Arch bishop to dismount, and then knelt to receive his ? blessing. Grermanos paused a moment as he entered, and said' in a loud voice to them all : 'The peace of God be upon this holy house and all wit'ftm it, and His blessing be upon the work ' — here he paused a moment — ' upon the work you are doing.' Nicholas was already known to Father Priketes, but the latter looked as if he had seen a ghost when he caught sight of him. '. We heard you were dead,' he said. Nicholas emiled. ' I am delighted to hear it, father,' he said. ' Do not destroy the idea, if you please.' ' I see your repairs are going on steadily,' said Gerinanos. '' We passed some laden mules on the way. Nicholas wished to see what you were doing. He is — how shall I say it-^-our over seer ; we are the workmen. He will tell us when the work must be finished. Let us go at once to the chapel, my brother, and thank St. Luke, your founder, add the Blessed Virgin that they brought us here safe. That is tbe first duty of a priest of God.' (To be continued.) 