rUBLKHED ET SPECIAL AHRAXGEHEL"?. The Grinding Mills of God fty '"ft i f a, Author of the BaVe," "Kittr the Bag,'* "A Husband of Kj Importance,* "A Woman In It," "Joan and lira. Carr," "Shaba, * Jrc., &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XVtT'.Continued.) FTER breakfast, Mrs. Lang rishe had to interview her cook, and give her orders for the dinner this evening. 1 made use of the liberty given * metocxplorctheoutdoorprenuses. Isaw a cow grazing iu the paddock and two or three horses. There was a poultry yard also and a rnuge of stables and coach houses shut in by n high stone wall from the kitchen garden and adjoining orchard. From nowhere cl-r except the frout of the house was the sea visible. Far off, a range of mountains stood up against the misty sky. J. knew the Blackwater divided them from Youghal. Near as they looked, they stood in Comity AVaterford, hut geography is not my strong point, so I will only say that they looked as if they belonged to Youghal and its county. Leaving the orchard. I took my way down the avenue by which we np freached the house from the main road, a this sultry July morning it was delightful to wander under the cool shade of the thickly planted trees. Overhead the branches met and inter laced, shutting out the hot sunshine with their lovely green leafage. 1 strolled slowly along until I came to the lodge. Standing in the doorway was the Bame evil-looking old woman I hail noticed the previous evening. As she heard ray step she looked sharply at me. She was knitting, anil her needles moved swiftly and mechanically amidst the gray wool. I paused a moment, and wished her good morning. She gave it briefly. For an Irish woman this surprised nic. I lingered still, asking a few questions as to the road \- (ml distance from the town. ' I suppose yon live here,* T said, after she had answered me. ' I do, miss. I've lived here since the master took the house, I knew his family well. "lis the sad changes I've seen amongst them one and all. He's the last of them now, is Mister James, and sorra a chick or a child coming to kape the old name up. The mistress is bnt a poor, delicate crature. God help her! You're not belongin' to her, I suppose, miss ?' ' Ho,' I said. ' I'm only a friend. Fve come to stay and look after her for a while.' ' Indade, thin, she nades it; sorely she does. 'Tis a lonesome life she's had sr. it, as Moll Duggan knows. And though she's English, anil quaro in her ways, and none too much liked in the place, yet she's a kind way will her, and she's had her own troubles, too. They'll come to us, rich or poor. And I'm sorry for her since the child died. She's not the same at all, miss—not at all.' ' It was a great pity, I am sure,' I said. ' She has told me ahont it.' 'It's not often she'll spake avit, poor soul 1 I hear she's mended grand since she wiut away to the mountains. Share 'twas a poor ghost av a thing she was laTin' here. I never thought to see anything hut her coffln brought hack. No life or strength in her at all, there wasn't.' '.TTell, she's very different now,' I said, cheerfully. 'And I hope she'll keep so. Her husband is a very clever doctor, isn't he ?' f She shot a swift glance at me. ■ 'That's as may be,' she said, cautiously. ' How would I be knowin' ' whether he's clever or not. Shurc, 'tis . only the quality has the grand diseases. The dispensary does for the likes av U6, \- whin we're sick.' ' 'Do you live'here, quite alone?'- 1 'asked, h/ wav of changing the conversa #25r.. ' ' — Her restless fingers stayed a moment. : The sunlight flashed ou the long bright needles. * What would the likes av me he TraDtra' Arid company,' she said. 11 thought/ I said,' you might have had children—or grandchildren.1 Her face darkened. She said no further word, hut went quickly within, and shut- the half-door of the little lodge after licr. I was astonished. It is rare for the Irish of her class to take offence at inquiries respecting either their families or affairs. But she appeared to hare done so, for some unexplained reason. L walked on to the entrance gates and stood a moment there, debating whether I should vcuturc down the long hot road. As I stood I heard the sound of wheels behind me. I looked round and saw Dr. Laugrishe driving a dogcart, with a man behind him. I stepped aside, but as he saw me he drew rein. 1 I am going on my rounds/ he said, ' can I drire you to the town ? It is rather a long walk ou such a hot day.' i ngreed at once, nurt sprang upon the high step with alacrity. I loved driving, and we howled vapidly along, turning off at right angles to the road we had traversed the even ing of our arrival. • T have to call at a house near here,' he said, ' Lady Ffolliott's. I won't be a moment. 1 have only to give her a message from my wife.' I was all curiosity. "What X had heard of Lhdy Ffolliott had interested mo so much that-1 longed to see her. [ hardly expected, however, to do that unless she happened to be in the | grounds. We drove through an avenue ; of sycamore trees, and came out before an imposing-looking buiit|pig, double fronted, with a massive porch -and beautifully laid out grounds. On the smooth emerald green lawn strutted a magnificent peacock, its brilliant plumage spread to the hot sunshine, and, standing on the broad stone steps, feeding the lovely rain creature with cake, which she scattered on the turf, Was a woman. Such a woman! I have never been given to raptures over my sex—pretty faces and lovely forms arc common enough iu Ireland— hut this woman almost took my breath away. She was so beautiful.. She was very tall, and yet so exquisitely pro portioned, one would not have her: height a shade less. I think, though, the most wonderful thing about her was her hair. It was of a ruddy, red-gold colour, twisted and coiled about her shapely head in perfect masses. The sunshine streamed down on it, making yet more rich and vivid its glorious colour, and the soft waves and tendrils that softened her brow. The colouring of her face was lovely—dead creamy white, with a faint bloom on the ehceks, which deepened into crimson on the mouth. She wore a white gown, severely simple, but showing to per fection the shape of her figure, and the warm ivory of the throat. As wc drove up, she looked straight at us. She did not move, only a faint- siuile touched the curves of hc*r mouth, and her lifted eyes of dark, almost purple blue, revealed a sort of amused curiosity. Thcv were as lovely as everything else belonging to her, fringed by dark lashes that curled upward. 'Ah, doctor, good morning,' she said, and I almost started at her voice. It spoilt the whole charm of the picture. It was hard, metallic, with a strange accent to which I was unaccustomed. It struck me, as a first impression, that it was not the voice of a lady. 4 What brings you to Durrus so early she went on, ' 2so bad uev. Sj 1 hope 'i\ 4 No,' ho said, throwing the reins to j the man who had sprung to the horse's head. 41 have only come with a message.' He jumped down from his high seat and approached her. I noted they did not shake hands, but passed into the porch together, he talking earnestly. Now, I suppose, I have ho business to relate my impressions in detail in these pages, and yet I could not help the strange feeling that came over mc as I watched those two figures. They were both so handsome, they looked so splendidly matched in height, looks, am! physique, and they seemed on such remark ably good terms with one auother. The thought uppermost in'my mind was that I was glad I was not James Laug rishe's wife. It was foolish, no doubt, but then these pages will be a record of foolishness, so a little more or less to the general amount won't matter. - The ■ message took about a quarter of au hour to deliver. Then he came out alone, mounted to his scat, and we drove \ So that—' I said, as we trotted down the avenue, 4 so that is Ladv Ffolliott. Mrs. Lnngrishc spoke about her as a near neighbour and a great horsewoman. She did not prepare me for a " great beauty" also.' He looked at me quickly. 4 You think her handsome, do you ? I thought women were always unap preciativc of each other's good Iooks.1 4 One would have to he blind,1 I said, 4 not. to acknowledge Lady Ffolliott's. She is the handsomest woman I ever saw in my life.' 'And not an "if" or a "but" to qualify that opinion?' he asked, ironi cally. 'No,' I said. 'I think not. Of course, I don't know her yet. Some faces gain by repose, and lose by expres sion. I can't tell if she is a picture or a statue till I speak to her.' 4 You will have that opportunity to night,'he said. 'She is to dine with us. And you will hear her sing, too. She has a glorious voice.' I thought of the speaking voice that had been so harsh and grating, but I was wise cuough to say nothing on that score. 4 I did not introduce you,' he went on. 41 reserved that till you were on ; her own level. It would have been ; absurd calling out names with you at j that elevation.' 4 Yes,1 1 agreed. 1 Even ifsbenoticcd | me, of which 1 hare grave doubts.1 4 Oh, she did,1 he said, quickly. * She asked who you were—at ouce.' 1 Then she must be Irish/ I said laughing. 4 Of course, she is. Did you suppose 'Her accent puzzled mo/ I said, as he paused. 41 couldn't quite make it out.' He said no more, only touched the horse with the whip, and sent us spin ning along the white shadelcss road with renewed speed. 1 Arc you going to the town ?' 1 asked, for 1 hate silence, am! he at nil events had not an unmusical voice, or au accent that one could cut with a knife. 4 Yes,' he said. 4 To the chemist's. 1 want some drugs, and I have a consul tation later on. By-the-by '—and be slackened speed, and checked the horse to a wait—' now long aiu -Mrs. J.aug rislie continue to take the medicine I sent V I had been looking straight ahead, for a glimpse of the river shone brightly in the distance, and the sloping hills and wide green country, dotted with white farmhouses on the Waterford side, made a lovely picture in the foreground. As he spoke, however, I glanced at him. His lips were set tight together, and I n ited a curious white line round the lower one. It faded away as the pressure of the upper lip lessened. ' The medicine,' I said, vaguely. 'Oil, of course, I remember. The bottle got broken. It was all spilt.' ' Not the second one,' he said, sharply. ' Oh, no. That was all right. But by the time it arrived, Mrs. Langrishe was so much better that she did not need it. 1 believe it is at Glengariff still. We meant to bring it, but forgot.' He gave the horse a sudden savage lash that sent it flying down the hill. I caught the side of the dogcart, with a little cry of terror. Tire jeik had almost unseated rne^ ' ~ ' ' "" — Hare I ever said Dr. Langrishe was handsome ? In that moment his face showed the savage, brutal ferocity of the dcril. 