ST. LUKE'S 3cEvoE, TEA: THE REV. A. R. STACKHOUSE MEMORIAL PULPIT. O.r Sunday week last memorial services were held both morning and evening in St. Luke's church for the purpose, of unveiling, the memorial pulpit erected to the memory of the late Alfred R. Stackhouse by the congregation.and his friends in the district, where he was pastor from 1881 to 1888 and who was beloved by all whom he met. The sermons were preached by the Rev. C. H. Barnes, late incumbent of the church, who at the morning service took his text from the first chapter of 'Phillipians and the 24th verse-" For me to live is Christ, &c.;," and expounded it so that all could under stand. The Revs, F. Lynch, B.A., and A. R. Raymond assisted with the first part of the service. Special favorite hymns of the late Mr..Stackhouae were sung, such as "For ever with the Lord," "Thy will be' done," " A few more years shall roll," " Rock of ages," and others of a similar nature. The church at all the services was crowded to the door which showed the great respect in which the late pastor was held by the people of Ye?? The?nlpit is after the same pattern as the on0 at St. Matthew's Plrahran. It is a splendid piece of work, and resembles a pillar of ihe Doric Order with tour Gothic arches oun the front and sides inlaid with red plush, supported at the corners with small Ionic pillars of a different kind of wood. It stands about 8 ft. in height and we have been informed on good authority that very few city churches can boast of such a magnificent prlpit. At the conclusion of a shortened evening prayer, the Rev. C. H..,Barnes in a pause before the sermon said h " Mr. Purcell I ask you as senior trustee of St. Luke's Church, to unveil this memorial pulpit." This MIr. Purcell did by witlnrawing the draping and Mr. liarnes then said, " In the name of thie Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, I dedicate this pulpit to the Glory. of God .nad to'the ,beloved memory of Alfred Rashleigh Stackhouse, a faithful minister of this church. May the word of life be faithfully preached in this place until our Lord shall come again." He then read the followinA.inscription from the plate on the front of the pulpit :-" To the Beloved Memory of the Rev. A.; R. Stack house, Pastor, Preacher, Pattern, who walked with God in this Parish from March 1881, to June, lSS3. ;orii June 22, 18541, fell asleep in Jesus, Jone 4, 1896." Mr. Stackhouse's favorite hymn, " For ever with the Lord " was then sung, and after a brief dedicatory prayer the Rev. C. ff. Barnes preached the memorial sermon from a part of 23rd Verse of the 27th Chap ter of Acts-" Whose I am and whom I serve." After showing that true manliness could not be separatedt fromn Christianity, and that firuness, . fearlessness sympathy and tendernesasblendel and con trolled by the Holy Spiric were all tounl ill the character of a Godly man like St. Paul, the preacher procecde.l to, spe.k of .Ir. Staekhouoe. ]hischharacmraa l.,vingsymnpa thetic and diligenit pasor o.:as ske.chenu in afflectionate words,.: Iis childlike lovefor children, his eviec,?e far the aged aIi.l his intense sympathy wi:h tonsick a ,d ,lli;etR d : his earnest care for ther.. .er: ('h, ist.ike features of his pastoral life. .,s a preac:her he was beloved and rmevered. It u?s not b - much what lie said .as tim l.,vint way ill which he said it best of . l he thoroughly lived the truth he taught. ' As a pattern he was undoubtedly a living epistle of Chris'. As friend and brother, as a wise spiritua father hilsjojous.and' consistent Christian life was an inspiration t many. As a citizen he took an intense interest in all that made for the imoral and intellectual better ment of his beloved Yea. To the inception of the Temperance movement and of the Free Library he lent the strength of his arduous nature. It was true that some of his most cherished plans produced disap pointment, but his purpose was always clear and noble. Mr. IBarnes then spoke in touching terms of his life on leaving Yea, of his ministry, of his suffering, lis close personal friendship Anud brotherly love. Altogether it was the memory of a Christ like man who had gathered them together in a sanctuary he (Mr. Stackhoase) loved so dearly. What was the secret of it all! Simply. his .whole-hearted . consecration to that master " Whosehe was and whom he served." Mr. Stakhlouse realised that. Never did a man assert his freedom so freely as when front lhve and gratitude he chooses to be the life ling slave and servan't of Him who has redeemed him. His heart-felt' aspiration was best expressed in the words of a poem given by the late Mr. Stackhouse to an old friend in Yea Oh I for:the peace of a perfect trust, lly loving God is I'hce: And.wavering faith that never doubts, Thn chooesest best for me. ]*est, thou~h my plans be all upset; lest, though the w hy be rough; hest, though my earthly storebe scant; In thee I have enouglh. lest, thlough my hc'lth and strength be \-- -- yonra- ... Thlnogh weary days hIe mine, Shut out front mulch that others have Rot miy will, Lord, but thine And even thoogh dlisappointments come, They too are best for me, To weas me from this changing world, And lead me nearer Thee. Oh ! for the peace of a perfect trust, That looks away from ail ; That sees thy hand in everything, In great event or small. That heard thy voice-a Father's voice Directing for the best; Oh! for the peace of a perfect trust, A heart with thee at rest If our dead could speak to us out of para dise, and tell us how to give them joy and testify our trueness could they imnagine the beloved voice of their old pastor speaking to them and saying some such words as these "I am now in the eternal womld, and while Ilook down on the earth where once we dwelt together, I look up in the face of Him, whomn before I only tried to love, whom now I adore with rapture unutterable. Do not forget me, hut be absorbed in Jesus. If you love me, prove it by loving Him, and 0 learn the awfulness of life." The bulk of Christian people fritter away heart and strength and opportunity on things which here seem tobe utter trifles both to angels and saints. Remember the shortness of life and try to save the lost. There is nothing you can lay your hand to of more value than the saving of a soul. And now thatsee the King in His beauty, I see as you cannot ere, what loss, what woe it will be t, be shut out of His presence. Live for the weight of glory, I am happy, 0 so happy; but perhaps if I had labored more diligently, thought less of myself and more of my Saviour, prayed more, tried more, and believed more I should be happier still. Glory is nearness to Christ, and likeness to Christ. and fulness of Christ, "As you glorify Him now, He will glorify you presently." In conelusion Mr. Barnes wished to say that he valued more than he could say the oppor tunity afforded him of speaking to them on such a memorable occasion. It had been his joy and privilege to minister to them for seven happy after his brother and friend. Let .us follow our friend as he followed Christ and some day we shall like him "see the King in His beauty,'and our eyes shall behold the land that is very far off." The above is an outline of a sermon which deeply moved both preaoher and hearers. 