' FIELDS OF FAIR ~ RENOWN. BY JOSEPH HOCKING. CHAPrER7x._ ( Concluded.) " I'm a Scotchman," he said; " my homer fa a few miles from Ardrossaa. My father had a th e jV 1 V° nr stony from which he tiuds a difficulty to scrape a livine. By-the-way, have you read CarlylL.'s career*" "Yes," replied Merlin. " My case is a sort of small edition of his. My father wanted me to be a scholar, if not a minister, and I got an entrance into Glasgow University, and kept there in just the same way as scores of other poor Scotch lads. When I'd taken my degree, I got a tutorship, but that I couldn't stand, and having a taste for journalism, I wrote to a chap whom I knew and who edits a paper in London, and asked him to accept an article of mine. Strange to say, he did, whereon I, elated beyond measure, came up here, determined to get my living as a knicrht of the pen. I've had a terrible pull, and I'm hardly through the wood, but I begin to see the light." "I'm in the wood," said Merlin, "and I can't see my way out." " And yet you ought. You seem a clearheaded chap. What have you been doing?" Merlin told him. " And you've been spending your strength on short things altogether?" "Yes." " Have you written a long novel yet?" "No." " I'm not sure that isn't a mistake. IH tell you why. Publishers are glad to get good stuff from anyI>ody, it matters not who. Editors like to get hold of big names.' 1 " I see; but that th: doesn't apply to the newspapers. ~ No; but nearly all the newspapers who pay their contributors have a regular staff. Besides, excuse me, but have you had a newspaper training in any way?" "No." " Do you write shorthand?" "No." "Have you practised condensing reports of meetings?" "No." " Ah! well that explains a lot. Well, I must be going now. I've an appointment at half-past 1. You'll let me lend you five bob, won't you?" " Really," said Merlin, " you've already paid for my dinner, and" "Oh, you'll pay me back again. The Scotch side of my brain has been summing you up, with the result that I know I'm making a good investment. This is where I bang out." and he gave Merlin his card. •" Don't be afraid to look me up if you have an hour to spare anytime." "Merlin read the card—"Fergus MacF&rlane;, 32 Ocley-street, Bloomsbury." " Let's see; what's your name, and where are your diggings!" Merlin told him. " Very well; if you don't look me up I shall be on your track. Good-day, and keep your pecker up.' : "Providence!" exclaimed Merlin, when he had left. " If ever a man belied his looks and his nationality it is he." Tho dinner and the five shillings made him feel a new man, aud instead of going towards Liverpool- street he went back to his lodgings. MacFarlane had set him thinking. During the months he had been in London his one idea had been to earn ready money ; that had evidently been the wrong course. He would work at the.novel he had begun in CornwalL Perhaps—perhaps He hurried down Ludgate Hill and along Fleet-street. When he entered his lodgings he found two letters and a parcel awaiting him. One of the letters was from Helen Granville. By the time he had finished it he was crying like a child. Never until now did lie realize her love, ber sacrifice, her nobility. The letter seemed to come like pure, healing air, helping and strengthening him. " I am afraid you are not succeeding as yoa hoped, Merlin," she wrote. "Never mind; the brighter days are surely coming. Never did my heart tell me as now that you will overcome all your difficulties. The great men of London will soon know that you are their equal, if hot their superior, and then they will eagerly seek you and your work. I am always thinking about you, Merlin, always making plana for us both, always praying for yon, alwavs loving you. " Father is as little reconciled to my choioe as ever; but I cannot help his anger. Rich or ioor, famous or obscure, I am yours. Merlin. l believe in you, my own." "Yes, I can write now," he cried. "lean write that novel. I see—I see! It's like tha ' light from heaven." Helen's letter had inspired him. The drama which he had longwished to place on paper spread out before the eye of his imagination in rich, glowing colours! H.^t-caJ hr>r Iettp<\- a.^ain: he drank in her is other commun: ^yiarwWifriwi or some minutes wrote rapidly. When l^e ose from the table he had completed a rongh utline of a novel. The other letter bore the same postmark, ut was in an unknown handwriting, although e thought he detected something familiar bout it. On breaking the seal he discovered postal order, and a slip of paper on whioh were written the words "As an encourageent to hope on." " This must surely be from eiftier father or other," he thought, "and yet it is not like hem to send money in this way; besides, the arcel is from them." On opening the parcel he found expression* f a thoughtful mother's tender care—two airs of stockings, a tin of Cornish cream, . nd a huge pasty. He found a letter, too, ontaining many motherly enquiries:— "Are you short of money. Merlin, my ear?" the letter ran. " If you are let me now, and I will send you a few shillings. I have not sent you any because I was sure yon would let me know if you wanted it. Still, living and lodeing is dear in.. London, and money may be scarce yet. Doil't be afraid to ask, my dear boy." " This money can't be from home," mused the young man. " Who can have "j»ent it then?" He examined the writing again, and the tears gathered in his eyes. "It's from her," he cried, " and sho has sent it in this way beause she was afraid of wounding my pride. od bless my Helen!" A. few minutes later he had paid Mrs. Blindy for another week's rent, and that lady had expressed the hope that Mr. Rosevear "wouldn't mind what she said, as it was very 'awd for her, who was brought up as a lidy, to be short of ready money, because 'Arry 'ad a-joiued the Awmy and spent his money in slummin'." That night he wrote the introductory chapter of his novel, and felt that at last he had begun to do something that would give him a footing in the world of letters. " It is Helen who has done it," he mused; "her letter has inspired me." « The great question now was to obtain means of livelihood while he finished his novel. Hie calculated how long he could live on the money he now possessed and the chances he had of receiving more. There were half a dozen stories and articles under consideration by the editors of various papers. One or more of these might be acoepted and paid for, or perhaps they might all be refused. Still, he calculated he had enough to exist for three weeks after paying McFarlane his loan of five shillings. This was how he reckoned it up £ >. ol. Cash in hand, including McFarlane's Loan £ «. d. To be paid to McFarlane ... ... 6 0 Three weeks' r- nt to Mrs. Blindy 12 0 Three weeks' food 7 0 For washing, paper, ink, &c.; 10 £1 0 But could he manage to live for three weeks on seven shillines? Anyhow he could try, and it was possible that some of his work might be accepted, or perhaps something would turn up. Anyhow, he determined to devote the next twenty-one days to writing his novel. At the end of three weeks his money was gone, he had lost several pounds of flesh, he was as pale as a ghost, and he had written three hundred odd pages of his novel. Reckoning each pafre to contain two hnndred words, he calculated that he had written over sixty thousand word3. How he had managed to exist was a miracle; but, although he was weak and ill, he had so far survived the ordeaL He was alive, he was free from debt, but he was penniless. What to do he did not know. He had received letters from Helen, which helped him more than he could say, but no further rfeiis ex machtna appeared in the shape of a further postal order. He was too proud to ask Mrs. Blindy to trust him. too proud to write to Helen for help—indeed, he did nob possess enough money to buy a postage stamp. He tried to forget his poverty and hunger in work ; but by-and-bye he had to give up. He took his last crust of bread, and washed it down with a cup of water; then he walked out into the Strand. The same rushintrtide of life swept by. The j roar of the great city sounded in his eare—the ritv he had ome to conquer. So far h* had ailed : bnt./famt and penniless as he was, he determined to be victor even yet. He was sure that the novel he was writing would be accepted-when finished; but should be be ble to finish it? Ho turned down Fleet-street and walked on untilhe came to a restaurant where he was told literarv men connregated. He looked in at the open door; then a great darkness seemed to arise op before him. But in the midst of th>} darkness wasaface, afacethathe recognised. Then the darkness passed away and the objects around him became clear again. He felt some one graspinc his hand, and heard a cheery voice saying, "Merlin Rosevear, can 