Personal Gossipe w i Randolph Bedford, the journalist-company prompter, is said to have, extracted .£200 from David Syme to settle a threatened libel action. By-the-bye, now the floating boom is dead, Bedford is quite a stranger to Adelaide. Australia's three wool kings are "Jimmy" Tyson, McCaughey, and Henry Rickettson. Tyson shears nearly 800,000 sheep. Whitaker Wright, the " J">ss cockie " of the London and Globe Corporation, is reputed to be a millionaire. He is a man of few words, and a keen sportsman—after the dollars. Premier Forrest is reported by a London paper to " have a sniile of his own." THE CRITIC should think so, particularly when some Opposition member " bites" him. Then'John's smile wears a peculiar squirmy look. Prince Ranji's douceur for his Australian tour is reported to be £2,500. Members of the Melb. and Sydney association committees say that it is not so much, but it is questionable if they know anything of the details of the arrangements with Stoddart, who, as one secretary once tersely put it, " doesn't want everybody to know things about the financing of the team." " Stoddy" was instructed to get a draw, and in securing Ranji he had to pay a ' pretty stiff figure. These so-called amateurs require heavy greasing. W. G. Grace, when he came to Australia, milked Lord Sheffield of something like .£5,000. amateur ! Great Scott! And he's an S.A. Chief Sec. O'Loghlin was once a wheat buyer. It was from the press, however, that he stepped into Parliament. S.A. Labor member Archibald has designated Oppositionist Copley " one of the lowest men who had ever sat in the House." That's the privilege of being a politician. A similar state- , ment " outside " would have meant blood. The Argus is at last to have the change of editorship that it has so badly needed for years. It is understood that Mr. P. W. Haddon, who has filled the position for the past 20 years, is about to retire in consideration of a proprietary interest, and be will be succeeded by " Timotheus" Willoughby, the chief leaderwriter and gallery man. Willoughby's fame is due to those clever " Timotheus" political sketches, but as a leader- writer he ladles out stuff of " the milk and water" order. It is questionable if he will be a success, as he seems to lack the strength necessary to " make" a daily, and the Argus wants that class of man badly. Its wobbly attitude for the past few years has disgusted even its dearest friends. Howard Willoughby is a devout spiritualist. How miners are made ! A manager of a Western Australian mine, now in London, tells of his experience on the old labor conditions, when good men were scarce. Coming across a couple of new chums who had run away from their ship at Fremantle to go to " the diggings," he set them to work in the straight shaft, then down about 60 it. They made a hole and duly fired it, with the result that when one went down to investigate he flopped into 3 ft. or 4 ft. of water. The manager going his rounds a short time after, noticed the two men looking very disconsolate, sitting at the pit head. " Not at work ?" he inquired. " Not at work!" came the answer, " I should think not indeed. We've gone and scuttled the d—d mine ! " The Argvi two " best men "—at weddings chiefly — Sub-editor Nish and " Wanderer " Salter, with Louis Klisser of the Age, were the first Melb. pressmen to arrive at the recent big fire. By the way, Klisser is an old Adelaide Advertiser man. He did a picturesque screed for the Symian journal. A note-taker, on one of the Adelaide dailies, prides himself on being a, pocket edition of a Admiral Crichton. He, however, recently received a rude shock, when a little dark man in spectacles, of the German professor order, t t I l o ntered his den with a request to the Hansard riter (whom he knew slightly) to use his nfluence with the editor concerning the inserion of the little man's article on " Archaic Rock Inscriptions." The rep. hardly grasped he subject; Little- man explained somewhat. f " Rock Inscriptions" article were pubished, he would follow it up with a disquisition n " Orphiolatreia." The scribe gasped. Little man was disgusted. " You not understand, Phallic Worship? Bah!" Phallic Worship! Though a member of the faithful, the scribe was beaten completely. In maudlin wonderment he connected it with the Eleusinian mysteries. A fashionable Melbourne lady, whose husband made his pile in a brewery, was ordering her costume for the Vice-Regal fancy ball. " I'm going as Queen of Sheba." she remarked, " but which Queen of Sheba shall I represent?" "Go as 2?eer-Sheba," suggested the costumiere, and she lost a big order. Police-Supt. Walker has been on a visit to the Barrier, which is part of his district, but he is stationed too far off to see it often. It was Walker, then a common constable, who shot the famous " Thunderbolt." That was the turn of his fortune. Mr. E. L. Heinemann, whom Artist McNeil Whistler aptly termed the " Napoleon of Finance" for his share dealing ability, makes his pilgrimage to London in the " Ville de la Ciotat," sailing on Monday next. Although a graduate of Oxford, and having excellent London connections—his brother, Mr. W. Heinemann, being the head of the well-known publishing house — Mr. Heinemann decided to try his luck in Australia, and it is nine years since he landed in Adelaide. He accepted a mastership at St. Peter's College, subsequently controlled a school of his own at North Adelaide, and two years ago drifted on to " the corner," and there his money-making qualities found their proper scope. Several trips to the Western goldfields convinced him of their grand future, and he backed his opinion with splendid results. When he was in London early this year he formed the Whitehall Company, Limited—a speculating syndicate with a capital of £10,000—and so successful have been its operations that it has returned 25 per cent, in divs. to shareholders, and carried a similar per cent, to reserve. Mi*. Heinemann will permanently reside in London, and make an occasional voyage to Adelaide, where his office has the management of Mr. Clive Smith, well-known at Kalgoorlie. Adelaide wishes Mr. Heinemann bon voyage, and THE CRITIC gives his photo, to the world. F, M. Kornor, a Barrier pressman, who was married the other day, is Secretary of Broken Hill Chess Club, and the " game of kings " is almost a disease with him. It and his work form his world—or did until a few days ago. His chums aver that he often got up at 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning to work out a problem that had disturbed his dreams. The two'Melb. bookies expelled from the turf treat their wipe out in divers ways. He of the celestial nose and exquisitely-cut garments strutsabout " theBlock" or lounges before the Vienna cafe, putting a bold face on life; while his partner haunts Bourke-street like a grim ghost of the past. And woe to the man who speaksto him ! An interesting case may possibly come before the Courts in the Silver City in the near future, though it is to be hoped that the parties concerned will quietly arrange it outside. Two medical men gave a certificate that a certain man's brain was not so healthy as Nature demanded, and he was produced before the Police Court and remanded for the usual eight day& for medical observation. At the end of the term the official medicos swore that the man was sane, and he was forthwith released from custody. Here's where the fun comes in. During the eight days' the man's wife sold off his property and possessed herself of all his available valuables and cash, and eloped with a lover to another colony. The unfortunate many who loses wife and wealth at one fell swoop, now alleges that there was a conspiracy against him, and claims damages from the doctors on whose note-of-hand he was arrested. From one point of view, a grave pity if the plaintiff is nob induced to withdraw his charges and claims. Captain Bickers, the jolly old salt, who died at Port Adelaide the other day, always dispensed justice in his own fashion when in the Magistrates' Court. A very bad case of assault, in which the parties were love-sick swains, came before him once. The prosecutor appeared in court much damaged, and looked as if it would take several weeks for his countenance to resume its normal condition. The old captain was about to lecture the defendant and inflict a million pound fine, when the latter pleaded that, the prosecutor had tried to mash his (the defendant's) best girl. " Oh, he did, did he 1" said Bickers, " and you hammered him 1 Serve him darned well right! Case dismissed." Premier Kingston is compromising with the democracy. He now appears in a white holland suit, but retains the clerical hat. The shabby teraihat, which was conspicuous on the Premier's departure for England, is still non est. Good luck has not hung on the footsteps of Mr. G: P. Doolette, one of the original Coolgardie syndicate. He hungered for more, with the result that over speculation has given him some severe financial shocks. On the other hand "Boulder Bill" Brookman is wealthier than ever. The other night when peeping in at a brokers' dinner he was heard to remark, " Those would not be enjoying themselves were it not for me." Me! What a tail our cat is getting. Messrs. Wilkie Bros., the Kalgoorlie railway contractors, had the luck to be financed by F. C. Monger and some other wealthy members of the " Six Families." Roberts, Labor M.P., is progressing rapidly in his law studies. Expected by malicious persons that he will become Tory-squatter Baker's partner, thus making a firm prepared to do business with all classes. Wood, M.P., is the champion windy man of S.A. Parliament, and O'Malley is bidding high for the title of Parliamentary Bore. Everyone is getting tired of the 'Murkan's studied eccentricities of language. The other day Clem Hill left the bat with which he made that matchless 200 against England in the Sturt Club room at the Oval and it was stolen. Clem is inconsolable; the bat was presented to him by Harry Luff, who runs Wisden's business in London, and was voted by Clem the best blade he had ever handled. Folk photo. MR. E. L. HEINEMANN. 