EERIE GHOST LEGENDS. Near the Forton Barracks, Gosport, the hood- quarters of the Royal Marine Light Infantry, lies .an interesting memento of tbo old French War.a wallcd-in space whore lie buried countless prisoners who died during captivity. Most of the graves are nameless mounds, but there are three headstones. The inscriptions- upon these are nearly undecipherable ; one bears tbe name of Eugene — (the remainder -cannot be read). Tbis spot is sacred one ever enters it; but alougside, in. a smaller walled space, convicts were buried, and this is utilised as a. practice ground ior buglers, for here is the most eut-eff- way ooraor- obtaioable for practice, and dia bolical aro the noises that the learners make. A hundred years is a long time pib is interest ing, therefore, to wote the respect still paid ts the graves -of brave Frenchmen in place where space is very valuable. AU -sorts of legends orowd around -this lonely spot. It-is, «f courso, haunted ; and in tho old days, no sentry there would keep at his post at midnight. Flogging as a preventive of the terror was useless and eventually tbe sentries had to be doubled. Nowadays the ghost is seldom seen, and- even when it appears no-two accounts agree- &a; to what its form may be. Its lste&tautheutieated; appearance was at the time of tbe last fenroa scare, about fifteen years ago, when a guard was established to look after the magazine hard by, and the sentries had orders to shoot anyone who did not halt attbe chal lenge. It was ona winter evening, deep \ snow upon tho ground, and aU bad gone well till after midnight. Then suddenly, there came a sentry's challenge, and almost immediately aroportef a rifle, followed shortly by another. Tho guard turned out, racing hither and thither in the snow, raising a buo aodcty firstln this direc tion, then in that. At last things settled down, and when the captaiu of tho gourd inrestigatsd the matter, hedearned from tbe sentry that a large black MkThing " had jump&d; over the graveyard wall andurunat htm oa all fours when he challenged. Ho fired, whereupon tbe 44 Thing " rose to its feet, and running sometimes on alhfoars, sometimes up right, rushed towardthe< creek follonfed by the sentry aud tho guard. Arrived at tbe creek it plunged io, breaking -the ice, and though the pursuers waited lung nothing was ever seen of it again. The captain, but half believing-tho story, yet thinking tbat some attempt may have been made, went and looked for traces of tbo footsteps, whioh were visible enough in-the moonlight. And now comes the extraordinary part of the-story. For twenty yards there would be a man's footprints, then, for a space, those of- a large animal sometimes tbe one, sometimes the-other, but never the two together ! Thus the Forton mystery. The ice-was broken nnd theoreck dreggedtho oext day, but nothing was ever found. No satisfactory solu tion bos cve been discovered. for thefootprints bogaxa suddenly in the centre of tho old burial ground, and led thenco to-tbe magazine, some- times man and sometimes beast, uatil 'they ended on the shore of the creek. There are other ghost stories hanging. around this spot, bat they are mostly gruesomo and horrible, rathor than interesting. One, how ever, ia worthy of mention. since it has a path etic tenderness about it, not usual in the ghost story, though it is. only remembered nowadays by 4 five budgors " after the second 'gallon.' Once, long age, tbe. two sentries were surprised to bco a woman coming toward them in tbe twilight. It seemed early for a ghost, and while they still pondered and hesitated she came up to them and said something in a foreign tongue. Spanish, they -took.it to-be, They tried to explain that (hey did not speak her language, but she only smiled sweetly and sadly, and walked on. Thoy lost her in tbe gloaming, but presently a they argued whether oru shc were a ghost, one-of them, .tho bolder of the two, peeped over the wall into the burial ground, aud saw berstanding over eue of the graves. And beside her stood a French officer in uniform, so near that thoy could seebis face, aod they saw him kiss the-womaQ as she came to him, aud they hoard' him speaking words of'kjTo. Thereupon, the othersontry. who was>mot -a sentimental men piuckedr-np courage, and looking over tho- wall, too,, shoutedout some coarse joke.; end with -the shouting both tho ofScor-aud tboiody-vonisbod. Thereupon he fired, and both of'them ran/for it, mooting the guard before thoy had.gono many steps, and thesergcaot of the guard, com ing book with them, looked over the wall too. No one was visible, but on one of tho graves wore some tall white ttowcis that bad-nob been there before. They dared not go nearer then but iu tho daylight they went to look oloser ; tho flowers had vanished ; and all that tbuy over found was a soiled piece of paper oa whioh was written, 44 Juoqu' a la morte— et aprea." Howover, ghosts are never flben nowadays ; and they say that the bugler and tho vloieus 