A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XIX.-(Conitnued.) "Who was that?" the earl asked. "A visitor?" 'The gov'ness, me lord. Me lady's tlew gov'ness. Come two hours ago, my lord. Her name is Miss 'Erncastle." "Is the carriage waiting, Soames?" in kluired my lady, sailing in. "You, Uncle IRaoul, and. at half-past ten! What mir a?le will happen next? You don't mean to say you are coming with Cecil and I to the Duchess of Stratheam's soiree Mnusicale ?" "I don't, indeed. Nothing is further trom my thoughts than soirees mnusi gales. Ginevra,-ytho is .that new gover ness of yours? She is your governess. Soames tells mn." - "What, Miss Herncastle? Where did y*ou see her?" . "I saw her just now as I came in. She's Sa very distinguished-looking -person,isn't she? Nursery governesses don't usually look like tragedy queens, do they? She has a very remarkable face." "Has she? You are as enthusiastic as rueenie. She saw her at noon, and rav ed about her for half an hour. I must be very blind or stupid-I confess I can only see a preposterously tall young pwoman, with a pale, solemn face." "Enthusiastic, am I?" .,ord Ruysland repeated. "I wasn't aware of it; but I once knew another face very like it wonderfully like it. And I give you my .Yword of honor that as I came upon Miss rah, to be sure-Herncastle- standing there in the moonlight, I thought I saw a ghost." CHAPTER XX.--AT SCARSWOOD. Late in the afternoon Lady Danger Yield, her uncle, cousin, new governess, and servants-an imposing procession tirrived from London at Scarswood Park. Scarswood! With the rose flush of the setting sun upon it, with the glades, the lawns, the shrubberies steeped in gold, with the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to burnished silver, the scarlet roses like sparks of fire, every leaf of the Copper beeches blood-red rubies, the win dlows glancing through the trees like sheets of burnished gold. Scarswood !Park and the turreted old mansion came upon them-a marvellously fair picture. iTrackless depths of fern waved away and away, the great fish-pond spread out like a silver mirror. Landscape gar deners, under my lady's orders, had done their work; the parterres, the tropic bloom, the wealth of myrtle and mig nonette; of roses and geraniums, were like unto some modern Garden of Eden. "How lovely! What a magnificent old Place!" Lady Cecil exclaimed. "And you call it dull as death-as dismal as a tomb, Ginevra." It was Lady Cecil's first visit to the an cestral home of her cousin's rich hus band, and in her heart of hearts the girl Clearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her With a little sour air. "So it was, so it is, so it will beh-if I let it. Why can't the London season last for ever? I like rural life and nw tie scenes--n pictures. In real life give ane Belgravi-." "And balls, soirees, operas, drawing rooms and drives-the old weary tread rnill, tiresome, endless round. For my self,six weeks in London, if you will,four bf Paris, and the rest of the year in just Such a dear old country house as this." "Well, my dear, you shall have all that and more when you are Lady Tre genna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Scarswood, and twice as rural. Is that my lordandmaster I see on the por tico steps? Really he shrivels up and grows smaller with every passing day! !And here comes Pearl and Pansy flying down the steps like wild Indians. Miss HIerncastle, what do you think of your future home and your future pupils?" The governess, in charge of my lady's fat King Charles, had taken the third seat in the carriage. The earl had not driven with the ladies from the station. .iss Herncastle's large, calm eyes had been taking in everything, and Miss Ilerncastle's calm 'tones replied: "It is a beautiful place, my lady; but t have seen Scarswood before." "Indeed! This is not your first visit to Sussex, then? Was it in Sir Peter's time -r before? Pansy, Pearl! Little wret ches, do you want to run under the car r?age wheels? Stand back and be still! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those children run wild in this boisterous man .tler!" It was my lady's first greeting to her husband, as she was assisted out of the Sarriage. Sir Peter had come down the Steps to meet her; she gave him two .gloved fingers, then gave the twins first ta shake, then a kiss. The little nine pear olds were miniatures of herself the same round black eyes, the same Crisp black hair, the same petite fea tures and proportions, and so much,also, like one another, that it seemed impos sible at first glance to tell them apart. "You disobedient little midgets!" their mnother said. "How often have I told you not to rush to meet anyone in that hoydenish way? What is your maid thinking of to let you?" "'Twasn't Susan's fault, mamma," biped one black-eyed twin. "She told nme to stay in the nursery, but me and Pansy saw the carriage, and you and auntie Cecil from the window, and we t~couldn't stay. We're so glad you've Gome, auntie. -Our dolls haven't got a Summer dress to their backs!" . Lady Cecil laughed, and kissed the twins. ---Chlldren always fell in love .vith her at first sight. "Not a summer dress to their backs, Pearl, and the season so far advanced! A harrowing case, which must be at tendcd to immediately. Sir Peter, will you endorse Pearl's welcome, and SSay you are glad to see me likewise?" She gave him her hand with a smile T hat thawed even the frozen nature of 2ir Peter Dangerfield. To be glad to See anyone who was a visitor and daily SXpense was not in his nature; but, as Suuch things had to be under the rule .Df his very much better half, he shook ILady Cecil's delicate grey glove, and Said something about his pleasure in Iivelcoming her to Scarswood. "And Scarswood is a home to be proud 'DOf," Lady Cecil said; "my idea of- an earthly paradise, as I told Ginevra just now. Papa stayed behind, Sir Peter, talking to a friend. He will be here -ior dinner. Permit me-Miss Hern castle, Sir Peter Dangerfield. Ah, Pansy! ?h, Pearl! no more dolls and dress imaking.. Here is a lady come all tlhe way from London to train- you in the vray you should go." The twins fixed four big, bright black 'eyes full on the new governess. Sir Peter bowed-the governess was at some little distance-then stopped, put up lis eyeglass, and stared again. The governess came a step nearer, fixed her eyes upon his face, made a graceful bbeisance, and turned to her pupils. S"Will you give me a kiss, my dear? TYou are Pansy, are you not ?-you Pearl? Ah, I thought I could tell the 'difference, though you are so much Slike." S"I trust, Sir Peter, you saw that the hpholsterers fitted up the drawing and i'lining rooms according- to my orders ? Have the pictures ar---" She stopped sho?r~t "Good gracious, Queenie! what 530 is my husband staring at? Sir Peter!" He never heard her. His eyes, behind his double eyeglass, were fixed upon Miss Herncastle. His face had turned .to a dull yellow pallor from brow to chin. His wife stood and looked at him aghast. "For Heaven's sake, look at him, Queenie! Is he going to have a fit or \-- Sir Peter Dangerfield, what on earth is the matter with you ?" She caught his arm impatiently, and gave him no gentle shake. "He's staring at you, Miss Hern castle. What is the matter with him?" Miss Hernecastle turned calmly from the children, and again looked at the baronet. "HIe certainly looks very ill. Is there anything I can do ?" "Her voice!" the baroilet said, in a horror-struck whisper; "her eyes, her face! Oh, Heaven! Who is this?" "Who?" his wife cried, with a second angry shake. "'Are you mad ? Who are you.looking 'at,? .,Whkt do., you mean ? Who ?" "That woman-that girl! Who is she ?" "Miss Herncastle.. the children's governess, you idiot!" Lady Danger field actually called the baronet an "idiot!" and gave him a second shake into the bargain. ."'What is there about her to frighten you into fits, I shlould like to know ?'" "Miss Herncastle, the governess," he muttered, falling.back; "and:. for one moment-I thought-I could have sworn it was-it was-" . "Well-whom ?" "One'dead and buried for six long years." He turned his back abruptly, and with that ghastly answer walked into the house. IMy lady turned angrily upon her new governess .: "Really, Miss Herneastle," she began, haughtily, "this is'very extraordinary, I must say. 'The Earl of Ruysland sees you last night in the moonlight, and takes you for a ghost; Sir Peter Danger field sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another. Who are you, pray ?" . The faintest symptom of an amused smile dawned on the tranquil face of the tall nursery governess. "I asn Helen Herncastle, my lady, and the ghost of no one that I know of." Lady Cecil laughed ' outright-her sweet, mellow laugh. * "How absurd you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed! Only evil consciences see ghosts, and Miss Herncastle is much too substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles someone Sir Peter has once known-dead six years, he said. Was there not a cousin-a young lady who died suddenly, an -" "Impostor," said Lady Dangerfield. "Yes, there was-I daresay it is she! It's not Miss Herncastle's fault, I sup pose, that she must resemble dead people, but it's very extraordinary and very unpleasant. My nerves have re ceived a shock they will not recover from for a week. I hate scenes!" Rich with silver, sparkling with cry stal, white with linen, gay with flowers, was the round dinner table at Scars wood that night. My lady, dressed in one of Worth's most ravishing master ,,o.,. th~-,.gh there ~,?P nn entlee." to admire but her uncle 0nu nusuan.a, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Ruysland, bland, urbane, suave, smooth, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in his button- hole. Lady Cecil. in gold-brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there, but not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long sigh of relief. "You're not looking well, Dangerfield," my Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; "you positively are not. You lose flesh, you lose spirits, you lose appetite. It is evident that the air of Scarswood does not agree with you. Take my advice, and go abroad." His lordship was right - the air of Scarswood did not agree with Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never would. "Lady Cecil, is Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black?" Lady Cecil glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, and saw the' pinched, yellow face of little Sir Peter. Now, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long- suffering things, and she pitied Sir Peter greatly. "My dear Sir Peter, how you startle me !. I was thousands of miles away, I believe, when you spoke. What did you say? Miss Herncastle-what?" "I asked you if Miss Herncastle had long, light-brown hair?" A curious , question, surely. Lady Cecil's soft, faivn-colored eyes opened a little as she replied. "For its length I cannot answer. Who can tell who has long or short hair in these days of chignonsand false tresses? Of the color I can speak positively. It is black-jet black." "Black!" He gave a great gasp of relief. "You are sure, Lady Cecil?" "Certain, Sir Peter. And her eye brows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness." "And her eyes, Lady Cecil-are they grey?" ."Still harping on my daughter!" laughed La Reine Blanche. "Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey-very dark -very large-very fine. You ap pear to take a most extraordinary in teres' in Ginevra's new governess, cer tainly. Resembles, doubtless, some oie you have known?'" "Resembles! that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil," in a voice of deep, suppressed intensity-" it is the same face, the same-the same. Older, graver, ddeper, changed in some things, but the same. The face of Katherine Dangerfield!" The name had not passed his lips for years. His eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an inten sity she had never heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too. "Katherine Dangerfield! Yes, I have heard her stbry. It was in the papers years ago, and Ginevra told me of her at the time of her marriage. A very sad story-a very sad fate. She lost aiF fortune, name, father, and her affianced husband-on hler wedding day, and a week after she died. It is the saddest story I think Iever hear.d, What a das tard, what a cowardly dastard, tlhat man must have been. What became of him, Sir Peter?" "I don't know-I have never asked-I never cared. I was not to blame-no one has a right to blame me-- I only took what was lawfully my own. She had no shadow of right to Scarswood! How could I tell she would die? Other women lose their fathers ,their husbands, their fortunes, and live on. How did I know it would loill her? I say again!" his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry, "no one has a right to blame me!" "And no one does blame you, Sir Peter. Why should they?. Of course you could not foretell she would die. And Gine vra's governess really resembles this poor dead young lady so strongly?" "It is horrible, I tell you, horrible! I thought I saw a ghost when she rose be fore me 'three hours ago. Lady Cecil, do you believe in ghosts?" SHe asked the question abruptly, and with perfect gravity. Lady Cecil laughed. "Believe in ghosts! My dear Sir Peter, who does believe in ghosts in the nineteenth century? Surely, Sir Peter, you don't believe in anything so ab surd?" . "You laughed, Lady Cecil," he said, hoarsely. "In the vulgar superstition no ghost in shroud ever came to my bed side, but there are other ways of being haunted. There are dreams- horrible, awful dreams, that come night after night, the same thing over and over, and from which you start up with the cold sweat on your brow .and 'the damp of death in your hair--visions that come to you in your sleep from the infernal re gions. I believe, more ghastly than any waking vision. Over and over, and over the same-what do you call that, Lady Cecil?" "Hot suppers, Sir Peter, and heavy dinners. Any skilful physician will ex orcise your dreaming apparitions." "And a few miles from here there is a house, Bracken Hollow it is called, wvhich no one, not the bravest in the parish, is willing to pass after nightfall. A house in which a murder once was done, where unearthly 'sights are seen at unearthly hours, and unearthly sounds heard. What do you say to that?" "That it's a very common story, in deed. 'Why, at Olive Court, papa's place in Hants, people, say there is a ghost. But what about this Bracken Hollow?" ' "An old woman lives there. A witch, people say. She was Katherine Danger feld's nurse-old Hannah." "Then I shall pay old Hannah a visit and investigate." And Lady Cecil Walked away, leaving Sir Peter gloomily by the window alone. His thoughts 'were.still with Kathe rine Dangerfield, as they nearly always were. What a life, indeed, was his! for evening after evening, rain or shine, summer or winter, through. sleet or storm, a "spirit in his feet" led him, whether or no to Katherine Danger field's grave. He had no wish to go, but lie went-he could not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seemed to him now if he did not pay that twi light visit she would assuredly visit him before morning dawned. He made his daily pilgrimage to this Mlfecca, and the people of the town had grown tired of talking and wondering over lit. "He took everything from her when slle was alive," they said, "and now that she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I won der he isn't afraid she'll rise up and confront him." Perhaps lie 'was - it had been the mania of his life. Surely Katherine had kept her vow. He was, if there ever were in the world, a "haunted man" sane enough on all other things - on this, much thinking had made him mad. He retired early that night - he was less alone shut up by himself than in the drawing-room with his wife and her relatives. All night long candles burned in his bedroom, and one of the men ser vants slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without light, and never alone. He had grt'own sleepless too, and it was generally the small hours before slumber. came to him. He arose late next day. breakfasted by himself, and did not join the family until luncheon time. Miss Herneastle was not at that iteal, greatly to his relief. It seemed she was to take all hers with the chil dren P "'""...' He- La his w'n°'s ilauteur and intolerance To thank tor something at least. He returned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles and cock chafers, then arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave the house. He took the road to Castleford and walked briskly onwards until he reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slaiting over the downs, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed here; the town with its bustle, and life, and noise, lay behind. Death and si lence reigned. He rarely met anyone at this hour; the townspeople were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died-yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now, its brief inscription "Katherine, tetat 17. Resurgam." He knew it so well-he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here, he -wondered wearily, as long as he lived ? He paused. What was that ? He was near the grave, and, standing look ing down upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman! His heart gave one great bound, then seetned to turn cold and still. He went on-on-softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew him there. His feet struck a dry twig; it snapped; the woman turned and looked round. There, over Kathe rine Dangerfield's grave, looking at him with Katherine Dangerfield's eyes, stood 1Miss Herncastle, the governess! (To be Continued.) 