Local and General Sporting. Wanton Lasa won the sprinting double at Rochester on Wednesday. " Tom" fiancox trained his mave himself. "Jimmy" Williams, a local resident, held a sweep horse in the Anniversary Handicap, run on 26th, and stood to win £1000. How ever, ho didn't get h run. The starling machine at the Rochester racee-Leydon s - wo* a novelty to the place and a success. The Echuca public booked Wanton Lasa u< fch« Rochester rafcea arid not a few tnoro than made expense?; Mat. Treacy has decided to turn his horses, Roy and Ruby, into the paddock for a spell. They are too aore. Tom Lyons' Mnscotto caught a severe cold through swimming tho Murray on the journey home from Gunbower races, and could not go to Roches'er. T. Musgrovo, of the Druids, knocked up 54 against the Hibernians on Wednesday In [ Lyons like Btyh4. Ho hit four 4's and two 2'a i in ono over. On Wednesday next the Natives and Druidp, tho two leading lodge clubs, meet for the second limo on the Park oval. Precaution, with 8at 21bs in tho New marker Handicap, should bo well worth watching. The betting question ie serioufily concern ing the Upper Liw Courts at " horae." Dr Temple is a rabid anti-gambler. Chancesho', the New Zealand thorough bred, is on offer in England for a thousand pounds. But ho ia not rushed. Tho Sydnoy Tuif Club anniversary meet ing was another confirmation of the mediocre, racing now going on at headquarters. Merloolas, a Charters Towers champion, is going to win either the Newmarket or the Austva'ian Cup-that is, according to the ' North Queenplanders, ! Roth child's trainer, Hayhoe, prepared winners of £4C,642 last season. R. -Marsh put on £38,650 winning polish, and J. "Porter cloau on £30,000. Oxide, t\ public pet, has been put into work again. Tho spiteful black will have another chance of displaying his kicking pro pensities at tho post. Tho " smart'' lawyers conneoled with the Sydney betting appeals, consider they will, bo ablti to carry the bookies safely through with flying colors. I Sherwood Park Racecourse in Victoria has been sold to a gardener. The same fate ought to befall other pony courses In the colony. George Adams, of consultation fame, was reported to have given up tho ghost on Thursday. Upon enquiry in Sydney George remarked he was not only alive, but he waB looking for the chap who set tho rumor afloat, as he did not wish to dlsappoh t the public of a funeral. The Melbourne domestio servants have agreed to form a protective union. They want shorter hours and more pay. Mistress (horrified) : 'Good gracious, Bridget 1 IMVO you boon using one of my Btockings to strain the e ffeo through T Bridget (apologetically) : 'Yes, mum ; but sure I didn't take a clane one.' MAN SHOULD HAVE SOME AGENT To impart warmth i;o Ms social feelings without blunting hie mental perception ov moral sensi bilities. Such is Woife's Schnapps, As sure as the sun sots in the cast. Wauqh's BAKING POWDER u better than yeast. 