The Ghost of Quivira. Tbe most romantic and remarkable rain in the United States is (hat of the spectral and long-forgotten " city" which is the last resting place of the most famous myth in North America, the myth of the Quivira. There are larger ruins on this continent (says an American journal), though none within our national borders, and Eome handsomer. But no other is so ghostly in look, nor the grave of so many centuries of golden hope6. The myth of the Quivira, originated in 1540, in the pueblo of Pecos, N.M.—itself a ruin now. Just then Francisco Vaequez de Coronada—having explored from the Grand Canon of the Colorado to the Bio Grande—had come here. The Pecos, to be rid of him, procured a Pawnee captive to tell him of the Quivira, a fabulous city of gold far to the north-west, Goronado made an astounding march in pursuit of this will-o'-the-wisp, over-running what is now the Indian Territory and Kansas, to about where Kansas City stands today. He proved the myth a lie in the very year of its invention, for he found the Quivira- -the tepees of a Teton tribe of nomad, buffalo-stsgging savages —absolutely ignotant of the precious metals. But though strangled so young, the Qnivira fable is not dead yef. Even sober Onate, the founder of New Mexico, more than half-n-cenlury later, chased the^golden bubble ; and so did many others in tbe two centuries following. And more Americans believe to day in tbe fable than ever Spaniards did. I have known a man start from Los Angelos on this fool's errand within twelve .montbs. In these 365 years, however, tbe locus of tbe myth has shifted from the eastern edge of Kansas, a matter of 800 miles—clear down to the centre of New Mexico ; and there it. lias halted for good. Ifc will neve, move again—for no other place is so fitting. • And doubtless it will never ; erKii, since foois will never cesse. THE ACCUBKED LAKES .For something like a cfLtury now the name '-Gran Quivira " (Great Qnirir .) b ; been applied to tiie wonderful ruins which are the subject of this article. It. is, of course, a stupidity out of "hole cloth ; another ea?e where sheep-herders and xo'd-r-razy vagabonds havp been j-e.nnitt'd to make what we are pleased to call hisiovy. N<>t only has this spot not Hie remotest connection with anything distantly related to thr Quivira, but it is a towi; so historic ami -o unmistakable ti.ot only ignor-ncc: could have misnamed it. Ti is tin-- City that wss Forgotten—till :u> hi-ncrian came along with comnvis- Kense—namely, Bandelicr. Prom the valley of the Rio Grande and Albuquerque you see close on the east tiie long r.irge of the 10,000ft peaks, which uegiu wit.ii the Sandias and stretch /'into the south, shutting eff from the valley the boundless great plains. You can go by carriage or horse, through Tijeras Canon and the hamlets of Chilili, Tajique, and Manzano—a long, hard, interesting ride ; bat you will do well not to go without a guide, and you must cany, the last day going, water for your animals as well as for yourself, On your right is the great mountain wall, on this side sending down to your very path tbe vanguard of its noble armies of pines. On your left tbe plaina stretch brown to the very sunrise. Far down them glitter the Accursed Lakes, where millions of buffalo drank till the gods blasted the water to saltness, in anger at a treachery (so the Pueblo folk-lore says). For centuries they have been the natural salt works of the aborigines and Mexicans for more than a hundred miles. The little Mexican towns are interesting—in one, at least, you may see the Penifente processions—and your itinerary will naturally include the superb ruins of Abo and Cuaray. And from Punta do Agua you come down into the strange, hushed, grassy loneliness of the plain, with so'itary junipers and shadowlike antelope drifting into your ken and out, Toward evening, when the unearthliness of the whole scene has eo penetrated that you feel that nothing could be incredible—then of ^ sudden yon fall upon a eight which you simply would not have believed had you seen it three days before. Even now, though you no longer call your eyes a liar, you can hardly take their first word for it. For up on yonder smooth, brown, whaleback ridge stands the Ghost of the Quivira. There is nowhere else in the world such a spectre city. Especially when you view it from the higher ground to the east, at dawn or evening twilight, the illnsion is perfect. It is a ghost. WILD TALES. This was 300 years ago, Tibara—a town of the Tompiros tribe of the Pueblo Indians. It was discovered by Chamuscado in 1851 ; seen by the Espejo in 1852 ; officially visited, and its submission received by Onate in 1598\. September 9, 1598, Fray Francisco de San Miguel became the missionary of this pueblo ;* and about 1628 the first church was built. Its ruins are still visible ; before 1650 a new church and a convent was reared—and it is this huge building of grey stone, 202ft. front and 131ft. deep, with its great cruciform temple, its maze of rooms and passages, its arabesque-carved lintels (unspoiled by two centuries' exposure to the weather), its ponderous walls, that has been tiie great mystery to tbe unread shepherd and prospector. They Lave gophered walls and dug 100ft in the bedrock for buried treasure ; and the tales that are current of subteriauean rivers, caves full of diamonds, vaults bursting v.ith gold, Would put the Arabian nights to the blush. To persons of ordinary intelligence it seems need less to say that there never was r.ny treasure of any Hurt in any of'these old Mexican snissio;,:— except the treasures oi' heroic ia th. Between 1C70 and 1675 the Apm •.. s wiped out Tabira, snd if lias never sin/e been occupied. Its survivors fled El Paso ; and their dwindling des'.\\.)K:,i;its live near there to this day. Mr Guy Trenchiird lias shown us a sample copy of a book of photograi.-hs which, tor beauty and diversity, eclipses'anything that has yet come mule;- our uoii.c. Tiiis book is issued by .subscription by tbe Historical Publishing Company of Philadelphia. It contains over "ii.'O phoi.ographic reproductions. many ol them tinted so naturally as to tuiiance the charm, and a quautitv of mori cxeeiknl letterpress. The work is" the outcome o(' a ti iji by a Air Bucl. a naturalist of American fame, across the United States. British Columbia. Canada, ami the .Sandwicli Islands. The letterpress describes ihe trip and give? a short history of the scenes shown in the photographs. The who,e work is certainly the ' mos; complete and ' the eheancst drawing-room table aojimcl procurable. The pictures are some Hin by loin in size, alio are on fine-toned paper. The'binding.s H the book are chastp and tasteful in design and durable in material. The production, jeekoning the cost of travelling, printing, puoiogr-phy, kc., cost lOO.OOOdol. r Guy 'J'j ujchardbasjiothing of the book liend .-.buiii him. lie displays his capital work, and, as he s.'j s himself, 'itsells i self. The fact, the... thai, he has some of the best names iu the Australia)! colonies on his subs.ripUon-iist is not surprising. As showing the scope of the work, we give a few ol the subjects of the views:—The Grand Canon of -Colorado, where the air is eo pure and jarilied between the rock walls that a man's voice can be heard for eighteen miles ; the Limestone Terraces in Yellowstone Park ; the giant tree at Mariposa, 120ft in circumference : Cathedral Spires, in the Garden of the Gods, Colorado ; an old --''.j, St Augustine, Florida ; the site of the Battle of Gettysburg ; the Thousand Islands in the St Lawrence : Ice Castle at St l'aul't, Minnesota : Utaline, between Utah ar,d Colorado ; a 2,000ft waterfall, Yosemite Valley ; standing petrified trees at Dakota, : ruins of the cliff dwellings at Nancos, Colorado ; Hula Hula girls at the Sandwich Islands ; the Giant telescope and the Lick Observatory ; crater. Lake Oregon : Greek log church in Alaska ; and others equally interesting. Mr Trenchard maybe seen at Mr H. H. Painter's stationary depot, Bayley-stieet. The current number of the "Annates des Mines" contains an important memoir of Mr M. Bordeaux on the Uhodcsia goldtields. He concludes that though ihe reefs in many cases are not of great value, it is probable that in some cases where the ancient woi k- ings are of greatexteoland untouched,stoics of gold exist which ueseive to be worked on a iargescale. 'Can railway will i hottiy icficb Buluwayo, for railway conduction presents DO difficulty and is not cc6tly, it being possible to lay a mile of rails in a day. Railways are mot only the indispensable meanB of transport, but »ko the moat potent aid to colonisation. On the Boulder No 1 Limited tbe winding plant is now being erected over the north shaft. As soon as the work of erection has been completed, the shaft will be sunk deeper. 