a great houseful of' They always had a, t,IC houseful for Christmas ai 1 have spent many a merry was because we were i at tiiat time of life see the lights and none |the shadows. Besides Julian loved 1 had been certain of that ever wc met at Scarborough in the jer; and since I had ken stayi his fat hut's house, he had found usiiid liulo ways of making niJ Ire than sure that this dear old fcifjicsL r that ever owned it, n loved me. h • t|ie night before Christmas C lire, and all we young folks were s ; in the big hall; and it was i two waltzes, as I sat resting ef the deep window seats, ltered*y the hcavv cm lain, that l •• J the curtain, and passed ! ?fl»»nd sat beside me.,. The window wm was in the shadow of 'the great Stair, and tl.e ICM ut tbe company weie gathered ruunJ ti.o piano, and riert laughing and talking so gaily, tlit liis words weie no more heard by tSm than the soft sig ,ing of the pine ''n^om.e heard what he said but 1, iid no one ever »1M1I hear; for jou not suppose liiat 1 am going to . write down here fth.it lie said to me. one ol those very happy nents that come to seldom and lights one's life when they do for a loiw. long way back and . And he told me he should > his f.nher next dav. ow I come of food family, and a liandsotnc property of my own. as a nicfc.jo^jj.g jn those i, and consyelej ag,eeable and implrshed,», irls wen[ So „eu * """ Julian ,'„ the hall for „ . ^Xurally enough. 41 cari*t^y yod'jiow. It's a long tale, and those Daggers girls wfll be fiinute. 1 promised, like . . ^ _ ating v.ith them Safternoo* L if you should happento be jht 'poISs geT'ajrord with one 1 ^M£et heart. 'The pui f'Was jxpstN r *Ajfahe<r i ' )us < IpoettSirmy ir^fith , great calmness, andiVent off to, deJ^^fe 1 k ——^—Fcftrtb was come when I should see him again. i lglUy.riipped into the library and rfSta^ft^Aeavy door after me. The ^.du^t^^^Slling, the firelight shone pleasantly, on the glass of the bookcases and the £ilt backs of the books, and 1 it"od by the window and' watched the ska ting-party come up the lak^ 1 hadn't had a word Mtb JuliaiftalTday I couldn't skate, r I |iad promised my dear mother ' £L ^ wou^ never go have been -fove, fie beg: i purgatory all 'day—Such .JHndeed his face was as cold as lc e a Iitlle - When lhe lie firhad e vt thawed Mt down his hands t0< ' gether on one of the leather covered «ettecs, atid he said: V^o^tlieait of mine, we have onlvjew,rfeCmmutes for all our stone; aJlcxplSttgfcms,. fur I must get liack tC<he atfjBWrtple before the tea - come*Sii^t fic real fact is—there' l^prned my foj^t this way and that, to ^tch the oky or lhe> ficch^hl on latent-ft aTOprHlhoe?- 'T^don't* ftlink/ I rcinurCd, still luoking duwn, vv%okd .be «fi Insatiable objection.' quite that,' he said, j hesitatingly. • 'What lS.Jt ?' I asked. ' * Tiie story U^uptpbeuteresljn^ t^U it to me, ! ? 5'iinetnuig. Ai any rate, she was plagued with remorse in her later ye; and very inconsistently undertook to appear and give her blessing whenever the heir of this house becomes „ „ suitable young person ; and if she doesn't appear the engagement doesn't conieofl: 'Wat's all, my dear.' • But do you mean to tell r . ^claimed, for 1 could not help think' ing he was laughing at me, 'that ,. it. would give me up just becau "au- i stupid old ghost didn't put in it and pearance at a certain hour | ' No, I wouldn' t.' he replied, ' but my father would never consent, and I am sure you would never n^-t.r m^rrv marry nip without his consent.' of that,' I said I don't from you, little woman ; pretend that I shan't feel L-rets /on't deal appier if the ghost does a|>p. hristmas Eve, as I have no doubt he will do.' ' But am 1 to understand then, that ever since your ancestress took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has an,caral to sanction the engagement of e3Ch lieir of the house in succes- • Of course you will laugh at it,* he went on in rather an injured way, •but that really is the story. My father will tell you that he saw it, and his father before him; and 1 haven't the slightest doubt I shall see it on Christmas Eve. My father and I will sit up for the purpose.' • A pack of old wives' stories!' 1 rejoined indignantly. 'Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me and I'm not going to marry :Mo a family that believes in such nonsense.' • Oh ! aren't you ?' said Julian, quite calmly, ' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that J Jove you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. But you see how much pleasanter it would be for ever>' bod y if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the orthodox manner.' I really even then thought he was actually to be in that ridiculous po&i.; tion of being engaged (or more than three days. And Julian was very , careless . j)£5pie were always -c&fhnig; in and finding us at different corners of the room as if wc had just jumped there: and once I am certain one of those Dan vers girls saw him kiss my ear as we went upstairs before dinner. The night before Christmas Eve I really felt almost worried out of life, and when I went up to bed [ sent away my maid, put on my dress ing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of'the"fire to have* I had hardly begun, how* ever, when there was a soft tap at £brfoor, and Lady Cary herself earrefn. She was a dear little old lady. At ast, she couldn't have been more Own forty-five, but that seems old when you are only eighteen, ^^ay I come in?' she asked, io sweet voiQe,"*n& came io at once, shut the* door, and aat dowa opposite me in the other chair.' 'Now whatever istwrmatter?' • I'm tired,'^replied, 'and I've got a cold in miyfcead.' .. Lady Cary turned her eyes to the fire and fixed them there. ' Such a model of frankness atffl candour !' she^» '" what Julie^savl 1 was engagfcd ,t< \ r _ _ true, at the end of a list of yoor more important qualities, beauty and swe$t» and'T crept lm^ulhEed .to*th^low stool at her feet , * I'm very sorry,' I murmured; didn'tJbM - - - happiness, or*goodlflck, Wr : wiything, ud to be depending on a stupid gnoM j ^gd I think 1 was wisbmg, when ywT tame iu, that there jfes someone,'that^rtliat my mother had not difgi when 1 was quite a little thing?;' Lafly Cary stroked my hair. •There, poor child,' she said ; 4 there is someone. Tell mc allftbout iu' A^dllold her all about it as well as I could, and when I had finished she broke out with a funny little laugh, felt just as* y Snout it when I was your age, and Lnrd Cary mother camejgggiyjM^/ cominj^o^m the White Kadi- It depends on vou my dear, whether Julian and his father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not. •I wasn't cryiin; a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what she said. 'If you would only My that you would like me to be • Of course I would, that's why I'm here. It's mv belief that the Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked before 1 was engaged. and'I had to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to-night, and my future mother-in-law showed me how to end you will end it to-morrow.' Yes; I have no doubt Julian told _a that on Christmas Kve the in* tending bridegroom and his father, if the father be alive, are bound to watch in the chapel from eleven till one !, and ana acrossi the u,e K- gallery at the end the White Lady didei the clock strikes twelve. You lou will have to practice gliding, my dear; it is difficult art.' • Then you mean that I—that you ' , ' 1 mean that you must, in the character of the White Lady, pro- engagement, as I did on mine, is I believe all the ladies of Cary have done on theirs. It's the secret of the ladies of this house, and I BbouldngKeUiave told it to you if I linflRfbelieved that you are the best ,wife in the world for my Julian.' Then you mean to tell me, Lady Cary/ I said, when 1 had recovered from my delight at this little speech, • that you yourself played the part of the ghost in this house.' ' I did indeed, my dear,' she replied, and it was the best night's work I er did.' And her voice trembled, and her face lichted up with the recollcciion of old happiness. I have got the dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and the veil that my mother-in-law gave nie, they were miles too big for me, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to move from the chapel for an hour after midnight, which is a merciful provision to give one time to get comfortably out of the way before ihey can find any traces of one. The way sto the gatlery is rather peculiar; there are two secret doors to pass, but I will show you the triclc of these , and 1 will be thuiu to recgive you when you find jotir way back to the modem side <.f the Court. Vou mustn't be nervous abviil it.' Nervous!'I cxclaimcd, 'there is ^nothing to he nervous about; only one can't help ' 1 No, don't iay you can't help Idespising Julian for it. It runs in the iblood, my dear, like their fair hair their blue e>ts, and you mutt take people as you find them, and ake the best of them.' Slie gave ine another Rood walUd off with her bedrool The next nigltl at eleven again to my mom. She dre! in the white satin and ped jrcivdcred my (ace thickly toj the pallid look necessary ghostly character. It was always the custot Court to so to bed early on ' Eve, so that by a quarter to'fc -elvp the house was perfectly quiet f Itoofc up the heavy, old-fashioned t idlestick I was to carry, and crept > it ol the room, my white satin andfc;:arls covered by a dark cloak. I fou J the spring Lady Cary had shof. me under a carved wreath on ii-oak panel, pressed it, the panel tug: d on a pivot, I passed in and ity ise® behind me. Then I stood quRt still, holding my breath, and li»r.'ing, lest anyone should have lie 4 ; pass from my room to this. Bilif ^iHe was no sound—only I could l\\.r own heart beating. . I waited along the passage l#»hldl I found myself. The dust laylt'.ickly under foot, so that my steps male do noise as I walked. It was a mrrow passage made of rough stone-' orlt, and a door at the other end ihich stood ajar and was easily ob.ped, led me to a part of the housenkt I been in before. It Wis the t of apartments that had b«-. lied by the White Lady.anli her one had \,ved in the I.® Everything was just as she had Wit Her garments and personal possessions were littered on the tables and chairs. There was a lute, all its strings broken but one; and one stiff dress on a chair looked i so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had courage to go up to it and see^W it was only heavy gold brocade. The dull, dark tapestries on the swayed a little now and then—with the wind, J suppose—but it seemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the caodJe ran in a small stream over my fingers. Lady Cary had said ! should be nervous, and I certainly was. Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood njsl.ing to my heart and nearly choked me. Suppose Lady Cary was wrong; «uppose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of. I grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end of the last ante-chambcr I came to another panel like the one in the corridor, pressed a similar sprltf, and found myself on a Jittfe flight of staiis ; which Lady Cary had warned me led diiertly to the gallery. At the fodt of this I was to wait till I heard the church clock begin to strike, then lo walk forward boJdly across the gallery, and descend a flight of sli-ps at the oilier side, which would lead me into a passage communicating with the suae of rooms I had just left. Unfel fty say 1 united T l"-'liltr h,te 11aSRSritf believe who^i written .ln«n hgfe- ; • 4tlW.,,can for !„ What I shoiflWWe'iW^^^^TT lo bull ,lil liaclc HdV^R. tab* to ijiy >t.J room 1 II 1 • and marry Julian in spite of all his fathei's opposition? But 1 nave a _ thing Ifcroftsj: dig bit of carryii s t a r t e d . A '»] , to tjiii' 1 -jne a ' . J : ,yed lh< •' (feating iting tb ttuhat lhat d£ degr. they couUI&r; it in At last came the «troke:of tfee dock... satin draperies, held and walked up the s. short flight, and in was in the tne ganery. gallery. . „ Vrf knocking together -with Rouble r f W Ming found out, and oJWiying again but 4 tfie (Stnt>aAt.v^ fight andwfety of tKeefclpel into the urt- Irijowfc* depths of that dark stair beyond. The white moon shone through the windows of the clerestory, and there was airiere as well as light, and movement, and human companionship; for, as 1 stepped tr'" he "«y, 1 saw,i» tlrttehancel two figures of my,im|j^fj|||i kcr. They had t^vg^ched as one watches tl\ my veil over"my face,'held indie high and walked forward. I~^eTthIn'Tieard the hushed Ah'I'ThiiB ebwed which told T thatthevA<><W>mc - •„, HoldiiKnyltodlehiglijilByr.j,,,!, I walked^Ml^in that hour ot tpnBt mv eliding lessdjs vanished trom my memory, leavtngtfno- tiace-to Uw doomay {nd- The MV was eaiy to find ana, somehow, I Jell that the worstwisfivernow. ^ v^ there'. «we ^ose deadly m L ) des<>ncJ rooms to traverse, but at the end of them, warmth, light, fire, my and Lady Cary, who there wailing for me. So 1 followed the passage I found at the foot of the stairs till it brought me to the sliding panel I had been unable to shut, which let ine into the ante-room of the White Lady's bedroom. It was with a sigh of relief that I pushed it open and passed through it. I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feel something approaching a return of what I always like to consider my natural fearlessness, when I saw that I wasn't alone. There was another light in the great dark room and it was advancing towards me. My first thought was— Lady Cary—and I hurried to meet her. The next moment I saw the fear I had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been no idle terror. It was not Lady Cary, who was coming towards me with the candle in hand, up.raised in a silver candlestick. It was not Lady Cary who wore satin and pearls and a deathwhite face. It was the White Lady —the ghost herself—in whose character and in whose rooms I was madly isqucrading. In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not to scrcam, not to betray my presence here to Julian and his father, my candle slipped from my hand. At the same instant the ghost's light, too, was extinguished, and J was alone in the datk—in the rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face and form not three yards from me—in the dark. « All!' I drew a long breath, There beuetr A _ , n room, pleasant and A id()l'f"e and lamp-liRlit. .ding over me with a ver" ~< in TuSe arcadful dark rooms. have been a great trial. 1 tnew ' _JBut you are safe now, ipy chiTT" aotii I sat up; the wet vinegar flopped from my forehead as I did and fell on my hands. • Lady Cary,' 1 said, - J have sceu the ghost, the real ghost, an*"-"™' ,„..,.« to me in that dreadful room "' er-wrought, uiiij, calmly. J iXmuBrtWelanHed, peryoralM*** 0 be il'^was as real as I am,'I said ;'1 r„;ht it was you at first. Oh.it „ .rri'ble, most horrible 1' Lady Cary would not let »« t9E< about it any more. She stayed with me that night, and in thettdrning gave out that I was too unwell to come to breakfast, which I certain y was, and about noon 'she came ry to my room. . , ' Now,' she said, ' everyone is out skating. Have you the courage to come with nieto the White Ladys rooms, and find out what optical illusion it was that so frightened you laagiiglit ?' you,' I .said. thousand things tc ask ' How did 1 get back to Kjp i.' Jy. about you last night, ad'", hen : look for you,' she said, f 11 rar: you carry me back ?' laughed. 1 My dear, if we must go at once, or ,.i I i the maids upon us. ! i shawl round me, and lite corridor. The oak . on its pivot, we passed "ihrough.ind it closed behind us. In anotherininute we were in the "lute Lady's rooms. Be n by the dim daylight that filfc ;«d through the cobwebbed pines of glass, the rooms,,most de- late than ever, a? l ' as cfi But with Lady,' ' ' hV rou . n<3 could haygf 1 >.jin jn u^lit up room a white,'j pearls, and a rpised arm holding a lighted candle. ; We jlWked to the further end ai\il then retraced our steps. Lady Caiy was just saying, ' It must have been pure ination,' when 1 caught a glimpse iiething moving at the end of the room—something white—and stopping rigid with terror, I poitiled it. Look!' I said, 'Lookthere—there La*dy Cary put up her douhle eyeglass and looked. 4 You poor, dear, blessed little innocent,' she said. 'Don't ytu see that it's a looking-glass, and n fleets nothing worse than your pretty self in your white dressing-gown V Even then I was hardly to be convinced. Not till she led me up to the glass panel and I saw my own furred gown and scared face reflected in its depths did I understand the height of myown roily the night before. But then I was convinced, and Lady Cary led me back to my own room to pet and coax and laugh at me till I should be in a fit frame of mind to meet my lover. * ~ When I went down to luncheon Lord Cary rose up before all thecompany and kissed my forehead, and welcomed me as his daughter and his son's wife; and such before the next Christmas Eve I became. It was on the evening of ding day that I felt I could not keep my secret no longer. 1 Julian/ I said, 'I hope >ou*ttill forgive me. I have something horrible to tell you.' •Proceed/ he answered, Vith a twinkle in his eyes. • But it really is hoirible, aftd perhaps you will not forgive me* But I couldn't bear to tell you bjt re, for fear it should interfere sometidw with our marriage/ ' ' You rack me with suspense/ he replied, cheerfully. ' Whai is this horror that might have parted ub at the altar steps ?' Then I told KTETfciwrl had played the ghost on Christmas Eve; and 1 when my tale was ended, 1 frtihg my head, waiting his reproaches. • 'My dear little woman,' he patting his arms round me, ftl\ ancient history. Who, do ypu ®up« pose, carricd you out of the/ghost's room that night ?' *. ' Did you ? Did Lady - ?• ' Of course she did. You dWflVsuppose that a dear little shrimp of a woman, such as my mother ii could cany my big, blonde beauty r ' And you are not angry ?' 1 < fto 1 look it V he asked. ' And you think I was right, and your mother was right ?' f, 1 Yes, sweetheart, and all the Other fair ladies who hare played tbe ghost on Christmas Eve to win a supttititious Cary for a husband. I only wish We were better worth the trouble/ As to that I have tny own opinion. 