The Actor's Doable. We were talking about spirit manifee tbtioDs at -ibe -'Vblrty.nine Glob, and retailing tbe Tigbal, second ortblrd hand aeobonta of deceased ladies sod gentleman showing themselves to tbeir sorrowing relatives. ' It ie strange' the tricks wblob onr bralDS will sometimes play as.' said Doctor Maopberwjn. ' I remember onoe seeing a ghost myself, aod 1 oan tell yoa that the sensatlⅈ is a very oarions one. It was a good timoy seats ago,' in my 1 examination days, and I had bsen sitting np nntil tbe early * boars 4 cramming*1 Everybody In tbe boose bad long elnoe I gone to bed, where I.ongbt to have been myself, so I was ratber Baptised when I glanced ap Irom my book to see some body sitting at tbe tBble where I myself bBd been a few moments before writing. I felt qnlte startled for an Instant, until I reoognised tba Intruder. He was a little hazy, bat I aonldsee plainly enoozb who It was.' 'A dead relative?' BSked Malar I Dennett, who was a firm believer In tbe good old-fasblonedsboet. Haopberson answered tn bis peoollarly qalet way : ' No, it was myself. The experience of seeing odb's o wo ghost js not altogether qdqsiqb), I believe.' ' Now. I do not tblnk yonr experience was half so remarkable as one of mine,' said Gilbert Dane, tbe well-known actor and manager of the Howard Tbeatre, who happened to be there tbat night. Dane is not a member of tbe Thirty-nine, bat bad come with Msophereon. Most of the braln-speolalist's friends are in tbe profession, a faot which is perhaps daeto the year wblob he himself spent on tbe stage as a young man. 'My story begins prosaically,' said tbe aator, when we begged to hear it. ' I lost tbe iatob-key with whioh I let myself into tbe theatre, and took some body else's to the looksmith's to have a doplloate made. I agreed to oall for it tbe following morning as I was going np to town for rehearsal. I was living at Potnev then, and we were aotlvely ore paring a play which deserved a better fate than it received, if thoagbt and pre* paration go for anything, for I oame near making myself III over It. I was feeling oat of sorts on tbe morning tbat I oalled for tbe Iatob-key, and wben tbe looksmlth swore positively tbat he bad given me tbe thing already— tbat less tban ten mlnntes previously I had oome in for tbe key, paid for It, and taken It away witb me— I will confess tbat I loBt my temper, and stormed at the fellow ; but Icoald not get bim to badge a line from bis story. He seemed to have an Idea that I was flaying; a practical joke, and the only reeult of my talking was that I nearlv loBt mv train tn Waterloo. It was moving when I reached tbe plat form, and I bad to run for the only com partment of which tbe door was open, nesr tbe end of tbe train. ' Tbe compBttmiint oontalned two other pssesngere, but If I glanoed at them at all, I noticed nothing except tbat eaoh was pretty well hldden behiod a daily paper. I bad fortunately bought my own before oaHlng at tbe loobemltb's, and I speedily followed their example. So far tbe story ispalnfally oommonplsoe. Now comes tbe trnly remarkable experience wbloh has stamped tbe doings of that day Inde libly on my memory.' Tbe actor paused to strike a match and relight bis cheroot, which be bad allowed to go out, and we all watobed him in eilenoe, wondering what was ooming. Macpberson only bad tbe air of a man who had heard tbe story before. ' I bad beoome rather Interested lu my paper,' Dane went oo, wben tbe olgar was alight again, ' and did not notioe my oompanlonB talking, nntil one of them started telling an anecdote. Then it gradually dawned npoa me that tbe story be wbb telling waa one tbat I consider my own partioclar property, and when I listened, It struok me that tbe story was being told, not only In my exaot words, bat also In my own volos. They say that a man does not recogDlse his own voice when be bears It lu the phonograph, for instance ; but thtft Is possibly tbe fault of tbe phonograph, and. at any rate, I know tbat I reooeniBed mine instantly. ' Tbe story and tbe voice startled me, bnt It ia difficult to describe my feelings i when I pat down my paper to glance at tbe narrator.' ' It was yourself?' asked Major Dennett, exoitedly, as tbe aotor paused; and Dane nodded. 'Yes, gentlemen, I saw seated at tbe other end of tbe compartment by the window, opposite blsoompanlon, a figure tbat was an exact facsimile of the reflec tion wblob I see In my glasB every day wben I have dressed for tbe part of a re spectable citizen.- It was myself oomplete in every detail of face and attire.' 'An optical delusion, I suppose?' I suggested ; and tbe abtor shook bis bead. 'No; tbat was the first idea that occurred to me — that I bad been working and woriyl og too mnob over tbe new play, and my brain bad.played me a trlok. The unconcerned way In wblob tbe third man glBnoed at me enoouraged me in tbe belief, for the likeness, unless I was imagining It, was enough to attraot Instant attenilon. I wondered whether there was aotaally a man sitting and talk ing where I had seen and heard my fap nlmlln- for the third man. an ordinarv. everyday ludlvtdaal bad not Bpoken a word to bim, and might from his ex pression have betn listening to his anec dote or simply thinking, I was relieved wben be laughed at tbe point wben 'my doable,' as I began to call his companion, came to tbe Joke of the story, bat when he opened bis mouth ft was only to increase the mystery of tbe affair, for it showed me that ' my doable' possessed my name bs well as my voloe, my dresp, my faoe, my flgare. ' I began to wonder then, not whether tbe man at tbe window was a reality, bat whether I wbb reality myself, and it certainly would not have euprlsed me if I bad looked in a mirror at that moment and found it reflect backs face tbBt was unfamiliar to me. It ie strange how quickly a single phenomenon will some tlmeaobange allone's fixed oplnionson the subjeot of the supernatural, I felt that I must speak to tbe men I f only to prove whether I wbb awake or dreaming, and I seized tbe opportunity of Introducing myself offered by bearing 'my double' called by my name. ' ' Excuse me,' I said, addressing him, ' but I beard your friend just now oall yon 'Mr. Dane.' I wonder whether we are re lated at all, for tbat happens to be my oame, and we seem to bear a striking similarity to one another.' ' 'My donble' turned and surveyed me through bis single eyeglass io exactly the I same manner as that with which I should have surveyed a stranger who addressed me in tbe train. ''Idonot know whether we are re lated,' he said, in tbe voice -I use wben I wish to bs slightly patronizing. 1 I am Gilbert Dane, of tbe Howard Theatre,' and he actually banded me one of my own cards. 'There wsb sometblhg in the sub stantial D&toreof; the familiar bltof paste board that brought back a little of my common-senBe, and relieved -me from theetateof stupefaction intp which the phenomenon had driven me; ' ' Come, this is a very clever trick,' I said with a smile wbicb, lam afraid, was ratber feeble. 'You have certainly suc ceeded in startling me. Now I should like your own card, eo that I may know whom to congratulate on a very clever performance.' ' 'And what did the Ifyetery do?' I inquired, with Interest, wben the actor paused. 'He did exactly what I should have done, if a stranger addressed me In the same manner. He beoame angry, and aaked me what JL meant, and who I oalled myself. ' 1 Well I until to-day I have been in tbe habit of calling myself Gilbert Dane, ot tbe Howard Tbeatre ? ' I was begin ning, keeping as cool as I could, wben ?my double' interrupted me in a tone wbioh I etlll recognised perfectly, bs my own. ''Weill you bad belter not do eo any more,' be Bald sbBrply, 'or you will find yoarself in tbe bands ol tbe police. I see that yoa have been imitating my dress. too. wbloh I cannot help, bat tbe use of my name U anotber thing.' ?' We bad just reached Vauxhall, our first stopping-plaoe, as be spoke, aod a tloket- aolleotor who knows me by sight oame to tbe door. My double caught his eye first. ''I wish yon would tell this gentleman wbo I am,' he said, and tbs man answered, promptly :— ' ' Certainly, e!r, you are Mr. Dane, tbe actor.' ' He looked startled wben I asked bim tbe same question. ''I should oall you a very good imita tion,' he BBid, wben be bad recovered from blsBurprlBe. ' ThiB wbb becoming decidedly uncom fortable, and I began to wonder bow I could prove to anybody tbat I was not a good Imitation of myself. Tbe tloket collector's ready aor.eplanoe of my double bb tbe real ' Mr. Dine' showed me bote I helpless I should be In on appeal to I anyone who did not know me well. But ! I felt that it woald not do for two Gilbert DaneB to remain at large : the question wblob one wae to surrender toe title must be settled at onoe. It struok me tbat tbe easiest way to do It would be to go together to tbe theatre, and submit tbe question to tbe company assembled for tbe rebearsal. I suggested this course io my faoslmlle, and be euprlsed me by acoeptlng it readily. ' ' I warn you that I shall detain you wben ft IsBettlsd, anil Bend for tbe police,1 be said in my haughtiest voloe. 'It was what I wae intending to do witb bim.' The eotor paused to light another cheroot. 'Aod did you both go back ? ' some body asked. Dane nodded. ' Yee, together. Tbe third man left us at Waterloo,' be said. 'You may nut believe It, but I felt ratber uneasy as I spproaobed the stage door, and the faot that I had no Iatob-key to open it for myself seemed a calamity. My double oalmly producer! hie, and marched me into my own theatre witb tbe air ofa proprietor. Then be oloaed the door behind bim, and, changing his voice and manner suddenly turned quietly .- 'And now, Mr. Dane, I will puzzle you no more, but apologize for giving yoa eo much trouble, whioh I hope you will think repaid by the enjoyment of a unique sensation. The faot is tbat I am very anxious to go on tbe stage nnder your aueplosB, and I thought that this would bo tbe best way to obtain an Intro duction to you, aod at tbe earns time sbow you a speolmen of mv aotlsg in tbe part of your understudy. Yon will admit at teBBt that I understand tbe art of maklng.up. Now, are you going to give me an engagement — or to send (or tbe police? ' ' ' And you gave him the engagement, I suppose?' I asked. ' Fes ; I have always regretted tbat be threw It up before the year wasont, and re turned to bis former profession, tbBt of a medical man.' ' It wbb be, of coarse, wbo oalled for tbe iBtobkey In the morning?' 11 Yea ; be bad been in tbe shop when I ordered it, and tbe faot Anally determined bim to carry out the affair, wblob he bad been pondering eome time.' ' But be must have haunted you like a shadow beforehand,' pot io Major Dennett, ' to leain all yonr gestures and tbat. I should hardly tblnk tbe reBUlt was worth tbe trouble.' MaopherBon, wbo had been Bitting in tbe background, euprlsed ua by replying for his friend. ' Exouse me, MBjor,' be said, lu his ububI quiet way ' but yon make a miBtake there. Any man would have been glad to give £100 down for the engagement which Dane offered me straight away. It ooBt me leea tban £10 for oiotbes, and abont a month of study ; and my time was not worth £90 a month ' then, or I should not have thoagbt of giv ing np medicine end taking to tbe atage.' 