PUBLISHED DAILY. EOHOOA : MONDAY, MARCH 22ND, 1897. ECHUOA Bonoooa COUNCIL.-Tbo ordinary meeting of the Echuci Borough Oounoll will be held In the Town-hall rliis evening. VACCINATION NOTIOE.-Dr- Eakins, publlo vaoolnator, notifies thut he -will conduct vaooinatlon to-diy, botween the liourj of 10 and 11 a.m., and every Monday succeeding. ECHOOA RACES. -The handicaps for the prinoipal events of the Eohuca races, to bo held on Wednesday next, appear in another column. To-morrow is acceptance night, when general entries will bo received. - THE WEATHER.-Tho weather is a matter of the utmost concern just now. At eight o'olook yesterday morning light showors set in but thoy did not evon damp the ground, and, though rain threatened throughout the day, little fell, and towards evening the sky oleared. WANTED.-A warranb hoa boon issued against un individual who was lately in Echuoa, on a charge of falso pretonces. The operations of tho person referred to are alleged to be somewhat ' extensive. His urrest is expooted at any time. GROWN GRANTS AND LEASES.-The follow ing Orown Grants and Leases are awaiting delivery at tho Receipt and Pay Office, EohucaOrown (Grants.-A Dalton and another, Beohdolt and others, M K Harvey, J Clancy, A and A DRandoil, G Henriok, J M Hignott, L Llewetluu, 3 Male, Q Jones, P Danahan, W Howard, G Peace, M'Lure and Thompson, M Doherty. Lease** awaiting delivery-P O'Brien, RRigney, S O'Rourke, P Dwyer, W J Roberta,P Fehring, J M'Grum, H Smith (2). Leases unexecuted. i -Thoa Lewis, Thoe J M'Mahon, TI M'Oonaohy, Sam Hall. LAND APPLICATIONS.-On Thursday, at Denlliquln, applications for three special areas flituated in the county of Townsend, parish of Brass!, were received by the Orown Land Agent, Mr D. G. McDougall. About a dozen selectors or RO wero present, and as several applications wero lodged for each block, a ballot was fok<w, with tho following result s-Portion, 162, parish Brassi, county Townsend, C35 aorcs, 7 application-, Anthony Daly ; portions 10 and 25, parish Brass!, county Townaend, 510 acres, 0 applicants, James Patrick Kennedy ; portion 14, parish Braeai, county Townaend, 40 notes, 3 applicant*, Mnrgarob Fallon. EcnooA SI b TubAsom- Accounts for the following iivo awaiting jwymanr, at the looil Sub-Treasury :-A Burtonclny, Goo Bradley, M A Chrir.tio, D Duvis, S Lancnstor (2), H. M'Onlloch, W Popo, 1' 0 Smith, A A Taylor, Thomson, M Trenoy, B Webb, Charles Walker, 0 H Wilson, Walls and Dodd. A GHOST Siouy--This is a truo ghosl | atovy of an unconventional kind. A young' lady arrived late at night on a visit to a friend. She awoke in the darkness to find a white figure at tlio foot of tho bed. While she watched, tho bed clothes wore rtuddonly whisked off, and tho apparition vanisho:!. After an unxlous, not to Bay chilly night, the visitor wont down with little appetite for breakfast. \t the table she was introduced to a gentleman, a very "Id friend of the family, who had, she learned, also boon sleeping in tho house. He complained of the. cold. ' I hope you will excuse me,' ho said to the hostoss, ' buf I found it so cold during the night that know ing that, the room next mine was occupied, I took the liberty of going in and carrying off the bodclothern to supplement my own.' The room, as id in happened, was nob un oc3Upied, but lie never learned his mis take. SOME statements interesting to Australian dairy farmers wore made in tho course of a debate in tho House of Commons re cently. . Mr Forbes moved motion re gretting that the Government had ex pressed no intention of promoting legisla tion in furtherance of the report of tho Select Committee on Food Products, wh'ch declared the existencu of .unfair and nefarious com petition with native food producers by foreigners and others to the great detriment of the commercial and agricultural interest of the people of the United Kingdom. Mr Forward showed that 25 per cent of the milk and 20 per cent of the butter (imported) wns adulterated. Other Rpeakore argued that a vast amount of fraud was being committed in the sale of butter, which was nearly all margarine, and of cheese, which was composed of foreign fat and oil. Mr Balfour promised that- that recommondarion | of the committee Bhould be embodied in a bill, 1 but he could not give any assurance as to tho time af, which it could be introduced. It was admitted by all the speakers that tho present law and the machinery for en forcing lit were insufficient to atop adulteration. OF COURSE YOU KNOW that Iaing's is the leadine house for stylish Dressmaking. PERHAPS YOU DON'T KNOW that we are going to inako a magnificent ohow of Millinery on Saturday, March 20th. YOU OUGHT TO KNOW that Ising's is the cheapest and best place for blankets, specially imported. AIR W. BALL, Surgeon Dentist, Millewa Chambers. Surgery open daily 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. [ADVT], 