FARM NOTES- Swarms of locusts have made ' their appearance between Cudgee and Garvoc. Frnit trees have been stripped, and paddocks cleared of every green thing, ferns and thistles alike. Maize has suffered greatly, and even the potatoes. There is so much green feed that, they have not attacked the dry grass to any extent, - The area covered by tbe. locusts' is about 20 milea long by 5 wide. The recent rain destroyed numbers, but there are countless ghosts remaining. Tbe damage already caused is estimated at between £2000 and £3000. . • • • • i * Harvesting of oats, hay, and wheat is nearly finished, and in some caseB the wheat crops are thrashed with good, results. Up to 40 bushels, to the acre is recorded at Stratford, and it is estimated that the wheat' crops throaghont tbe district mil average 30 bushels, to the acre. The oats will not yield more tban 15 or 1 20 bushels owing to the caterpillars baying destroyed over 50 per cent, of the crops. The hay crops in oats are very heavy, being from 4 feet 6 inches to 7 feet. high. There-will be a large surplus of oaten hay tbis year for exportation from these districtd» Calling in the aid of insectivorous birds to < ope with the tick pest baB been suggested by a correspondent of tbe Queenslander. He recommends; the preservation of all native insectivorous birds, and tbe importation of others from all parts of the world, which should be reared and.- acclimatised " at - depots thfongbont tbe country. He says :—*I! am led to believe that small insectivorous birds would be'a factor, tb cope with the tick pest by seeing a small' dairyman near Townsville roping his calves and tying their legs, and leaving thein in. bis cowshed for a few hows tor bis fowU to clean them of the.living insects. They (the fowls) also cleaased his milking herd daily if left standing in the bails a sufficient time.. Some at''Brat sight way be disposed to laugh'«t. such a aimple remedy ; however, tbere is a precedent. Tbe tobacco - plantation of America wonld have to be abandoned owing to the depredations eilvthe grub, pecdliar to the pJant, didjthey not breed immense numbers of turkeys tp fed upon Jimd^ep the. pfet under, -and^yei jKijn^ 