LITEBARY NOTES. The first edition of Mr. Hall Caine'-* novel "The Ghristian," consisting of 50.099 cnpics, was sold out by the publisher?. .An envious critic lias found far Hall Caine the name of the liooii'ii-ttT, Sir Charles Gavan Duffy's autobiography is to appear siionly through Mr. Fisher Cnwin in an illustrated volume, entitled '".My Life in Two Hemispheres." Mr. George Rc-dway is about to publith j an edition do luxe of Voltaire's "Caiidide."'j It will Lave an intraduction and notes by i Mr. Walter Jen-old, and upwards of sixty I illustrations by M. Adrien Moreau. The! translation is based on the lirst English j one issued in 17.59, the year of the story's i criminal public-.it ion. Continental pains report that the manuscripts of the poet Giaeoino Leopardi have, at the intervention of the Italiau j Government, been placed at the disposal : ct tlie National Library of Naples, Tiie two aged Neapolitan female servants into whose ? hands tiie mamiM-ripts had eome by chance refusal to deliver them up. from religious ] motives, until the Italian Government- in- J terfered. I Madame Darmcstetcr (Mary Robinson} ' will publish, through Messrs. Metb'ifcn, a j '"Lite of Ernest Kcna::." vruieli she lias | written with the distance of Madame j Kenan. who w~s a daughter of A^y Schef-! fer, a yd 'if Kenan's only daughter, Ma Qf'.r.e l'sichari. The following letter from Sarah Grand appeared recently in the London "Daily Mail"":-"You recently took exception to my being called 'inadame.' I was not in the fir-t instance responsible for it. The papers began by calling ine so- perhaps because their .-esthetic sense rebelled against 'Mr*. Sarah"! I objected to begin with, but finally gave in to it-for the same reason, \ It is only a generation or two-or three-; you know, since all ladies in ray position were called 'madam.' 'Sarah Grand' wae originally a noui de guerre, but I have now adopted the name, and use no_othen" Sir William. WhTte, director of Naval Construction in Great Britain, gives ."the spread eagle" ti quiet dig in the "Strand.'* This little story has been extracted from him by an interviewer for that magazine: '*A few years ago Sir William took np an American paper, and in it he found a < lengthy account of the launching of a new i war-ship. The writer gave a detailed de- j ecription of that ship, and evidently could j not resist tin* temptation nf crowing over all t!:o world at the ch'se of liis article; Croat lin'tain was mainly apostrophised. 'Nov. why." the writer remonstrated, 'can't run advance like -America in war i=hip de signing: and building? Just think of this young nation iieing far ahead of you! It ;; di<cnico to < iie;:t Ifritain. V.'o are ahead in guns. ill anaour-ill everything; : and only ten years ago we had nothing. This, our ship, shows that we are. jiherd cf the vorld." 'This .-ort of thing/ | tciuarked Sir William, quietly, 'rather j me, l>ec;utsc 1 designed that! ship!'" | A large Ilible printed in Knglish lias been j sjiecially pivpared as a gift to tlie Emperor j of Japan, iinJ sent to Yokohama. \Vhe;i j . it arrive-; it is to lie presented in the ixupe | of the American Uible Society. the "British j r.nd Foreijjn Kible Society, and the National | Hible Society of Scotland. Tlie prcpai-a- i ii.ii was sugge.sieu by thefavourablejtecep-j tioii. in IfSM, by the Dowager Empress of | j China, of a l>cautiful Chinese New Testa-1 | incut. given to lier in the name of 10,000 j Protestant Christian women of China. Ail a previous epoch in the history of Japan tlie j introduction of the Kiltie was-prohibited. | The Jap s received the tirsi missionaries with a favourable velccme, and Chris- j ; tianity lnnde such progress that the! liuddtiist priests in alarm stirred up.the! | l>eop!e to sond away the missionaries, when . s--<me time after th.it the Dutch came to I trade, they were not :tJ lowed to laud until j they had gone through the ceremony of; I reading uuder f.x>t every copy of the Uible ' they had cn board. The mystery as to how starfish open oysters has been cleared up by Dr. Paul! Scliicnienz, whose |?apcr is published in the' "Journal of the iLarine Miologieal Associa-j tion." The starfish, known as "Asterias," l>osscsses a numl>er of sucker-like feet; tnider its branching arm?. With these it j obtains firm grin on both shells jof- -the J oyster, at the side furthest from tlie binge. Very deliberately, for nothing is gained by hurrying, it humps itself at the middle,' bnngiug a considerable <wtfrard* attraction j to bear on the shells. The force is not enough I to suddenly wrcnc-h the oyster apart, but j combined with time it attains, its object. I Fifteen to 20 minutes on the rack are gene-1, rally as much as the oyster can stand. At1 the end of that time his abductor musele ] gives out, and he oj>ens. Then the beauii-j ful organism of the "Asierias" comes intoj play. He has no means of getting an oyster^ into his stomach. Mohammed-like, there-j few, he sends his stomach to the oyster. The entire apparatus with A suction- pump at the end is projected, and in a few minutes the oyster is entirely consumed arid! digested, outside the l>ody of the starfish, j' The force exerted by a starfish when pull- j ing has been tested in various ways, and: found to exceed two pounds. To open an?, oyster suddenly six or seven j>oimds would J prol»ably be required, but £«e makes a_KDcat | ?deal of difference- Starfishes will never', tackle an oyster that -looks too strong for:, them. Another starfish (Astropeeten} i: swallows shellfish whole, and afterwards; ejects the empty t-liells.,. If is particularly. fond of oysters. Items odd and otherwise, in the expert1 ences of a railway guard are chrofiOed by. ifr. Herbert Russell in tlie "Railway Maga- j; ziue."' He extracted them from one of the t: Great Western Railway guards:- ! "Why, it's not eo many years ago that , one of oisr fast>null liners was pulled up to a cord M;m.il. ; JinO <.n »1;«- guard getting out and walking d->wn , ihc tiain (n s« what was the matter, lit' found , an old woman leaning: out of a window. who com plained that die couldn't stand so much shaking. 1 and therefore would tie lie so kind as to make the train go slower!"* } "A funny thing happened to tt< Ht Gloucester , cn the up-night mail. We liad run in from Srw : port, and pot to Gloucester short lv after midnight, j I v.a> ?(Hiding on the platform, just about to ^ive ! t!:e_ sig-nal of 'right amy,' when a porter ex ; claimed, 'IriTt that a man up on the rv-of of th.st ' ccaehv' I peered, aad nude out a kind of #h.i>low. i bloltiug out the saline *>f the carriage lamps which j I ran't ray. Jort jump up and see.' ^~o he ! scrambled up c>n the toot, and found that a man j it was right enough, fart asleep, and lyin? -1 loiisr j the top of the coach. A marvellous thing that. , j hadn't rolled off when wc were running at high I speed. Ue turned out to be a sailor, who said j that lie couldn't get a ship at Newport, and wantea ! to get luck to I/indon, where lie thoueht he ,nl/-r,lt j havi' better luck; but not having the 1"*t>a j par his tire, was taking a free and airy ride. j The comic aspects of a revolution 111 Venezuela are described hy Captain Cyprian llridge in die "United Service Magazine, j He got his material from tlie consul in these words:-"We -often have thenij here. Life in -this country is so crucl slow j that they are about the only excitement : (during the year. The way it's done is, a i fellow liiuls out that a sulttcient number ot his friends lo make a show* will join him. ! Theu he bribes some of the soldkrv at ten J cents, a head, and there he is at the head j of an army. He marches thi.- army out to the further side of a big valley that we have near the town, and goes into camp there to await the coming of the Government iroops. j There is some Talk of erecting ast-aniiing 1 camp there to save the trouble oi pitching I one afre».li every time. Well, when the ! Government troops come out they draw up I on the other side of the valley, with all the I generals in front. They are <}uite sate, be J c;uL-~e the two sides of the valley are not within range of each other. l»ar!y the forenoon, before the gun hot, both , sides blaze a rcKey at each other, then turn round and bolt for the town. W hicheyer Fide pets in first seizes all the printing i presses and publishes an account of a hnt i liaat victorv. If the rebels win the friends 'of the leader are rewarded with posts, in 1 the public service vice their vanquished ! predecessors, and there is a clear out of the | Treasury chest, Yon 'will remark that the rebelf, starting from the farther side of the > valley, haven't a fair chance in the race to 1 the town. . If it wasn't for that the (Jovern ] meut would change more frequently." j An incident of tlie Indian Mutiny-a j desperate escape from Delhi-is related by j Colonel E. Yibarl in the "Coruhill for Sep Uember. The escape was wade from the Main Guard, a fortified enclosure, near | the G S writes i "Quick as lightning «'C fastened our sword tieltp j . together; some then jumped into the ditfh, whilrt j ? others remained above to oerat the ladies to de i Ercad. One haFSDrie they were dropped in this 1 ! manner over thS-parapet, those lielow catching . ' thrtn in their arms to tweak the 1*11 as-much as j possible. Oqe.-»er* stout old lady, whose name 1 did riot know' then, but afterward# _ascor- < li«hcd to be Mrs.' Poster, comwirrPed io scream, and refuse to junip. ; At this instant another shot from tie sue crashed into tlie parapet a little to ! the right, covering us with splinters. It was ; mndnww to waste time in expostulation; somebody ' pave lit-r a push, and she tumbled headlong into the ' ditch beneath. And now an almost per|K.-n<Jicu!ar ! bank rose before ns, to scale which -villi delicate ladies appeared a hopeless task indeed. Mean while a few Sejioys were"observed peering over the rampart; but as we instantly took civtr bv re treating dose to the inner wail, or Warp,' it was impossible for them to depress their muskets sufficiently to shoot ue. After a shuit while <>f extreme suspense their heads di-appcared, and we surmised they must have gone with the rest of their comrades to "join in plundering the Treasury, from which direction the Eoond of fin up now c;.nie. With beatinff heart*, we commenced the a?f-. nt or the counterscarp. Again and again did the tallies almost reach the top, when the earth, crumMins away lieneath their feet, sent them rolling hack into the ditch. Dcqttir, however, gave us sujtcrhumau energj-, till at length we all suce.-e<led in {fining the s<iir.niit. We now quickly ran duwn the short |rtaci«, and plunfrod into some thick *hrul>-' berv that grew at the bottom. Here we stepped to take breath, hut the sound of vnic<s proceeding, from -the road which ran close by ir.d>yj; j ns to huny off again as last as possiiih It was evi dent", however, that the Jotters of pi:Jur.nico of poor Mrs. Foster, CaCSiout.old lady to whom 1 have alteadc aihided, were fust failing. Hhc had been staxtA by a bnllet in the temple, and the .severe fall she experienced in tumbling head fore mart from the parapet into the ditch had partially stunned her. Every effort was made to arouse i^-r, but without success. As a last resource :-«t> or the strongest of our party attempted to carry her; but, being now in a state '.! colla|ise, Imt enormous. weight rendered sikJi a feat injpo« i41)le. especially as the belt of brushwood through which we were forcjnjt a passage was orergrown with thorny bu&es; snj-ttiek underwood, without a semUance tH aj»»*Ifway. Jn the meantime, thoee in front h&d-s3raneed; &ime; distanre through the thiekft^utHl tlic two cfBcera in immediate attend flte poor lady vwe left in the rear. Find, " ing at length that fhe had becmie mironscious, and that their efforts to <nrry ht-r were vg> availing, they were reluctantly tDnipelled to le;vf her where ehe fell. ' Truly it was : <^3-pre. dicamcnt; but 1 think there is little d^ibt, from the statements of those who last her. that the unfortunate woman's _life_*sj®"praciic.:lh- lK.vond human aid, and tli£t-ifls? never afteruards regained consciousness. 1&rv; God rest her aoul." One of the hitherto "nnlold stories of llie Indian Mutiny" is comic. It appears in '.Indian Gup," by the Bev. J. R. Ualdvvin. Tlie scene is laid near Darjtling. "jit the out-station of H--, Mr. J. S-, an old and respected tea- planter, was thuich warden, and had chaise of the church and the arrangements for eerviee. To his old bearer had been committed for years tlie task of preparing the_holy table for the Lord's Supper. ^ 3dr. J. S:- was ou the occasion in question absent from the station on leave, and his place was supplied by a planter not eo conversant witli chnrdi mat ters. Accordingly, having received notice of tlie chaplain's intended vitdt, he ordered his hearer (a. very uneedesiastieal person as it turned out) to prepare the church for the Padre Sahib, rir Bofeh had no idea what to do, and therefore went to a l»rothcr Million!edan to consult with him on the sub ject, Both of tiiem had heard tliat on these occasions a dean-yrhite cloth was spread on the table with bread and wine. the %raole^aitanpemrait; Imagine Uie« the cliaplRin phrt Auhihwi^aiti. ^»d *irpnse and pro hably amasemciits of. the cougrccation. tp find -knives, forfa. pmtes. atid cold chicken, A8 ttdl ^ Mr. 3. B. HorsCall eeems to hare supplied materials fcr Jitwy to a leedfi man who was in Mclhourue during last irool season, «ndton»riiachas couseqently been publishedin ^'TLeeds Mercury" headed "An A»i»tmbgn Ijgte a liec?ollec si.esffi 1 rare opportunity. To his interviewer Mr. I Horsfall said: - "As my people left 11 awortli permanently in 1 1 1SJ9. when I was only 11 years old, nnd as many res/dent® in Haworth'can remember more of the lirontus than 1 do, what 1 can write will not l>e of I ! mueh value. My most vivid remembrances are of 1 Hr.:nwell Bronte, who was a gTcat friend of my i father's, and whom I distinctly remember one ? evening at our house reciting from "Childe llnrold' i Hymn's fine address to the ocean. I never forgot i ir. It made a great impression on mv mind, and I J ran remember him now, a little man (compared [ with my father, who was tall), with light, reddish ) hair, and wearing spectacles. I remember he took j opium; and not being able to find a piece lie had . had in hi;- pocket he tras in a state of great cxcite ! niont. fearing that he had inadvertently swallowed j if. Tlie three sisters I used frequently to meet, I pacing our bouse on their way to and from the ; moors. One or two of them had dark ringlets, and i I well remember their great, reddish-brown mastiff, .Keeper,' as he was a great terror to nie and other small schoolings. They had a pet Fpuniel also, t ailed riossv. I tliink, vrlio was very friendly, and I often patted the little fellow. I remember old Mr. Hronte and the great pulpit, a regular three decker I think it was. The churchyard I used at night to scamper through at a great pace when rtturning home late. It was supposed that ghosts could be seen there after dark, so you may 1>c sure 1 did net dare to look either to the right or left, but the moment I got to the stile at the end of the churchyard I ran up the fields all the way home, at my utmoet speed, and used to count the trees in tiie gloaming as I went along to discover how near to home I Was getting. I firmly believed ill ghosts in those days, liaving read an awful book called 'Tlio Invisible World,* full of the most sen sational stirk-s of the reappearances of people who liid been murdered, and I think I la worth people in those days believed them to be true." 