Chapter XXIV.— A Fatal Objection. ' Taphenes Calvert I Never !' cried the old man in a high voice, rising from the chair, and shaking his head agitatedly. 'Abner Blake can never marry Taphenes Calvert V 'Carnt he just? You're mistaken theer. He jast can marry her, and I'm mighty afeared aa he will, onless someb'dy Bteps in to prevent *im.' ' Fll step in !' exclaimed Trenson, in tones that recalled to Krinfc in a most unpleasant manner the master of twenty yean agone, 'Dead folks 'aa no locus standi,' he doggedly said. ' Bat I tell you it can never be !' ' Then tell me why it carnt never be Y1 ' It cannot. Tbe whole idea is outrageous, 'unnatural !*' ' Well, all as I kin My is they both 'pears to think it the most usteral thins in the world.' 'They wouldn't if they knew as mnch as I know.' 'If theer reely is any just csuse or im pediment le's hev it. I'll act as deppity fer yon. Chuck it out, now !' Trenson sat down once more and was silent for a time. At last, looking np, he said, in a voice scarcely above a whisper : *' He cannot marry her because her father murdered my son — Abner Treason !' ' Ah ! I guessed as mnch. He shiit Mr. Abner, did he? I thought years sin' that theer was somethin' of that bind. I tried U) get bold o' them papers yon had — did get a glimpse ov one—— bnt coold make nothin' ov it — an' then you hid 'em an' I never could mek head or rail on the thing.' The old man's face lighted np with a momentary smile, as he recollected that he was once too astute for his present tyrant. ' What proofs have you of that ere state '' The American papers containing an account of it ' ' An' do you mean to cay yon've knowed this all along an' Diver had Bill Calvert took np fer it V ' They had Einned together,' said John Trenson, bitterly. 'They had been feUows in plunder. Who shall say which of them was to blame in their last quarrel? Besides, I have no legal proofs. The newspapers gave no names. I recognised them by the descrip tion ; and I got a letter, asking for money, from Abner, posted in the town where the affair happened. It was only dated a few days previously.' The listener stared straight at him, but he went on unheediugly. ' Then, again, I never knew Calvert was back again in England until years after.' Krink leaned against the doorway in solemn meditation. 'It's a queer thing, 'he said, 'yer couldn't a told me this before. I might a nipped the thing easy in the bud, bot now Mr. Abner's a headstrong young gen'leman an' it's ques tionable. ™ ' I knew nothing about the matter.' ' No more you did. Still one 'ud a thought it 'ud a come up in some of the very long talkin's we've had.' It was quite true that the ' talkin'e alluded to had been long, bnt the speaker might have added that they had been very one-sided, and, for one word uttered by the old man, he had Bpoken a score. During the period of Treoson's confinement he had considered it his first dnty to acquant him with all his grandson's proceedings. 'If yon'd a gone right off to kingdom come,' he explained, 'as you ought to ha' done,' you'd a know'd all abont things, as fur as I can hear. That's the only benefit as sperrita hev in my opinion— they knows all about both worlds an' we on'y knows a little about one. You don't know very mnch abont the tother arter all, but I'll see as you geta well informed about this.' Acting on these considerations he had dailyand nightly held forth on the style in which Abner was ' makin' the money fly, and detailed at great length his schemes and labours amongst the poor of the town. At first Trenson hid borst into wild fits of desperation at the wasting of hw ve^th These were, however, succeeded by spslls of what Krink called - des'pret quiet, and finally, by an interest that instantly awoke the narrator's suspicions. Krink, in spite of his present power over the captive, had yet a lively recollection of his old master's one time superiority, and, at bottom, hidden beneath his blustering manner, was not only a deep distrust, but a sort of dread of him. 'Scotched not killed,' was his verdict, and this suspicion and fear awoke at once when Trenaon began to show an ap preciation, however faint, of the work that was being done in tie slums. He drew back at once. That his victim, given equal chances, could overreach him be qnite believed, and that this pretended appreciation proceeded from some deep motive he was quite con vinced. Such an opinion had led him te cut short many a recent interview, and to-day was indeed the first one for some weeks which had extended to such a length. However, the news had put him in a very good hutnoor, and as he leaned there the solemnity slowly tided from his face, and was sneceded by a peculiar smile. ' Me an' Bill Calvert 'as 'ad several doos lately. He's givin' higseV airs cos he thinks his gell 'ascort die young gnv'nor. 'Owever, from to-day I'm on to my lord wi' both feet. Ill show 'im who's the boss. Tsffy, she's a nicst gell, a very nicst gell, bnt if sbe marries Mister Abner, you see, complications may enshew. They might want to live hen goodness knows what they mightn't want— an' so. ' William Calvert, 111 see you in— in— in * Amurka ' afore that thing comes off.' He shook his head vigorously, and in spite of his planner's efforts to detBin him longer in conversation, departed. Some hours later he had grown quite garrulous in his own little room, and talked volubly to the half emptied decanter. The enforced continual attendance in this great bending, alone, had had the worst possible effect upon him. To enliven his solitude, he had taken to the whisky bottle; none knew better than himself bow dangerous were the possibilities to which such a course might lead, bnt notwithstanding his mis givings he found himself continually yielding to the temptation. ' Yeril hang me yet,' he said, shaking his fist at the vessel. 'Hang me, that's wot yooil do. But whether you hang me or not, 111 die as Bold Kriofc, Esquire, of Brocco House. Theer's no Bill Calvert oastin' me from here ; an' his pretty daughter ain't comin' 'ere as missis. Theer's a live ghost 'ere, an' as long as he keeps knockin' about I'm boun' to be the master. What's more, I'm a-goin' to be. If they qits married, this 'ere job 11 come out like a murder in the fourth ack of a play, an' Bold Krink's reign is ended for ever an' ever. Itil cut 'im up a bit, no doubt, to lose 'er, bnt it's all fer 'is own good, if he on'y knowed it. Git 1m apart from ber, he may travel an' see furrin' parta —that's tbe thing fer a young man to do, an' that's the thing Mr. Abner mus' do if I kin mauace it at all.' 