In Cuban Waters. By Harriet Prescott Spofford, In the "Orange Judd Farmer." The old Senator glanced up into the gallery and glanced away again. He saw nothing there to detain the eye imperatively—just a pretty woman. But :\vhat Harry Bentiuck saw was all the rouiau.ee of old Spain, of young Cuba, t.f ,gMUodd, of -innocence, of beauty, of lov». As ihe girl stood an Instant, while her companion seated herself, ouo. »aw her tall, swelte figure and observed tho lnahtilia-like effect of her 'hat and veil, for she waa in a sort of half-inouvu lug, aud tlien the perfect pallor, as ennroth aud exquisite as that of the petal of a cape jasmine, and the face •la'which her features-were chiselled like some delicate sculpture, and where the eyes, lai'ge and black; fringed, glowed like dark, unknown jewels. On the impulse of the moment Ben iiuck was making for the. gallery, where Anthony should Introduce him, when lie was met by thiswenartor and by that, with congratulations on his speech of the day before in the other House, and delayed till there were too many up there to make it wise to add himself to their indistinguishable number, even if the vice-president had not left his chair just then and walked with him to v fioia, where lie might speak with him on ix subject of mutual interest, for the young congressman was already a per-' son of some importance. Well, he would make Inquiries by-and-by, lie thought. He was not to be battled in anjthiug on which he had set his heart. And meanwhile here was this pressing ■piece of business, and there wa* the justice's dinner, and the Cuban matter, of which he knew nothing, to look up for an interview 1n the " Lictor" In the ' Interests of some of the people at home who wished to maintain the status quo, and so the time passed. And the next day there were a pair of constituents, who considered tlmt they owned him, to be taken care of and shown the city,.. »ml there were the committee meetings^ and a matter to be laid before the pri; aident, and Harry Benttnck found that tho man who served liis country had not much time in which to serve himself. It was quite perfunctorily and because it was expected of him, being on the* committee for foreign affairs, that te .went to the ball at the Mexican legation. •He wandered through the rooms, seem.; few that he lfnew and thinking he was not made for social life and he hod better be at home reading up on inter national law, wlien suddenly, like a * statue in iviief against a mass of mossy greenery, he saw Gloria, clad iv white satin, her fingers playing with the rope of pearls that, falling from the high comb in her lifoie-blaek, shining hair, wound about her throat and fell ngata • Sielow her waist. At that moment she , dropped her fan. "Thank you, Ma\ • Bentinclc," she said • very distinctly; as ' 3ie beut and restored it, and then he ■ bent again and almost as low. " I saw yoilf* she said, then, with an enchant ing smile, "in the Senate chamber. I agked who you were-—" " I also, senorita—l saw you," he mur-t mured, "but no one has told me your uarae," " I am Gloria Cajnpeador," she eaid gently. " They do not call me senorita, although lam Cuban born. But I have liyed so long In New York, out of my own country, the habit* follow me—: —" " Yon call Cuba a country, then ?' asked Mr. Bentinck. " Cuba a country P The heavy white lids lifted in a flaali. " What do you call it, then ? A Spanish dependency ? No, no ! She is chained and bound and bleeding, but she is utterly a country, the yonnrgest of all countries, maybe—my country !" Although she spoke ao low, 'with a sort of restraint in her voice, there wq« a fire beneath, the tone that kindled response in the liearer. "You;<**ke iDe/twtfßvfc. you,-';iu?*oW. •She wu so beautiful, ao hnptuwtaoed, as ahe stood there, still; half leaning, with a certain languor of attitude, but with attcli a glow in he* eye, on iier smile, that Harry Beutluek felt a sucU don strauge dislike of other eyes upon, her. '* You shall tell me about it," lie said. • ■■ , .-..■' " Here, to a ballroom?" she replied gaily. " All, you wHT forgive me that I'spoke of anything so sad mid serious when we should do nothing but dance." And then tBo music began again, and Mr. Beutinck, who had not danced for yeans, hardly 'knew how it was that he was whirling down the room with Gloria. After an entrancing whirl, he took her to her aunt, a sleepy woman of massive proportions, who sat in a row of stateiy dame* as weary as 'herself. "Ma taute," ahe oaid, "this Is Mr. Bentinck. 1 have Introduced myself to him. I have danced'with him. I have committed every Impropriety—have I not, Mr. Bentlnck ?—which a duenna should prevent and of which a cbaperou should disapprove, and I want you to condone them.till," still speaking rapidly - in Trench, "by inviting Mr. Bentiuck —•Mr. Bentinek, Mine. D'Arco—to call upon you at rhe Arlington. "Won't you •/"•'■ The duenna would have been more than human to resist tlmt coaxing ac cent, and she murmured rfoinethhjg, and ■Mr. Bentinck, acknowledging the iintrO' duction and the invitation, inurniured something else. " You speak French to the uiadanie," he said in some surjirl.se. " Instead of Spanish ? Never Spanish when any other language, even that of dumb signs, can be used. .The fongue of the peninsula res ! I would have all, all my countrymen forswear Spani»n •aud some day speaic only the American.' It was of little use for Mr. Bentinck to attempt his congressional duties the next day. He was. after all, an inno cent young fellow, with a talent for tell ing speeches*, and lie had been pushed along by (ho people at home more for Ills promise than his performance aud partly because youth is plastic and sometimes easily moulded to the pur poses of others. • ' He had l>een born to one of the big fortunes, Le had been occupied witn books 7 and debutes and business, he bad ooce. gone down into Mexico about some land titles and caugftt up a Uttlo Spanish, and lie had been more than once abroad in various way*, but he had never had time to fall in love be fore. When at length he was called into a cloakroom for a consultation with one of his collegues about n certain l)ounty, lie agreed to everything the other said without having heard a word, and he escaped at last, as if from a bear garden, to his own rooms, a toilet, and the Arlington. Several people were before Ulna. Mme. D'Arco, filling and overflowing lier arni chalr, sat by the fire sipping her choco late, and Gloria sent away a dark youth and invited Harry Bentinck to a place among the cushions beside newelf. She was In a shapeless robe, more like a cloak than a gown, he thought, of some thin white silk. A white lace mantilla fell from her hair, and she wore the pearls again. •' Do you always wear pearls ?" lie eald. "Yes," she replied. "I had other things, to be sure—Spanish topazes. But I sold them. I wear pearls for the «a"ke of Cuba, the Pearl of the Antilles. That is sentimental, fantastical ? At any rate " " At any rate, It is beautiful," he said. "If you mean th.a> the pearls are beautiful, why, I haow it. If you mean that Cuba -& beautiful, <xh, then you •wiu juy" heart"!" '•'• I would mean anything for that,'1 lie said. " You know I did not intend—but per haps I shail put you to the test," she added, archly. "Is it two lumps 01 three ? Not any tea ? Nor chocolate 'i Then you will have a cigarette V* And she rolled him one, and then she rolled another for hereelf. "Is it disenchant ing ?" she said, holding it off after a fairy puff, and with a laugh that at all events was captivating. "But it is a custom of ray country." • - " RatJror df old Spain, Is it not ?" said ■Mr. Bentinck. . In an Instant the cigarette has flashed Into the grate. "To tell the truth 1 never cared for it." she said. " but it wa« ' just a duty, you know, to do anything that is purely Cuban." " Or Russian ?" " Yes, yes ! You are right. Th( only thing that really seems to be purelj Cuban is suffering." " I am afraid," he said, " that I hav< not coTwHlered it sufficiently. lam H Informed cm this matter that interest! you so deeply." ** You shall be better Informed befon you leave us," she exclaimed, and sh< leaned back among the cushions an( looked straight before her, so prond co pale, so melancholy, that Harry die not know whether the thrill that wen through him was a pang of sympathy for her sorrow or of joy for her beauty It was the next morning that, souk •t&lns; overdone,..he ordepgdl his jh<kPM> for a ranter, out Rock, Greek way before ■breakfast, the roads being bard with frost. It was a day wheu in t;he thin film of mist tliat overlies the »ky the whole atmosphere seems oue vast opal and all the country glistened in riuio uudei' hazes of blue and «rilver. He had nearly reached the old mill when two riders came galloping down the crossroad and passed on without observing him, the long skirt of one, the veil, the loosened tresses blowing, ou the wind; and the dazzling beauty at the face flashing by like an apparition. The other rider—it was not so easy. He remembered that somewhat'knightly bearing. Pie remembered that thin, dark, eager face with the burning eye*. He had seen it at the door of the AFliug •ton, perhaps on the avenue under a sombrero. • What was she doing out here so early with no groom, riding alone withtLat fellow ? I^ater In the day he saw her lunching in'the seriate restaurant with Madame D'Arco and a senator known to look unfavourably on the Cuban pretensions. He understood with a paiig that.she was quietly exerting her woman's in fluence for her country. She beckoned him and asked 'him to walk down the "■avenue with her. During the conversa tion she said, " I rode this morning, airl I have not been iih' the saddle befoie for name weeks, and It is good to walk," tohe said. "Yes," he replied. *'I rode, too. I saw you." " And did not join u« ?" "Join riders who clasp each other's ikands as they ride ?" She turned and looked at him a moment, and then she laughed. " You might," she said. "Alas, I shall not long have his hand to clasp !" she added, the laugh disappearing and a wave of something like anguish sweeping over the face. ." At some time I should like to have- you know him," she said at length. "But at present—see how I trust yon—at present there is a price on liis head. Still, lie is tolerably safe here, I suppose, safe until he reaches Cuban waters. He is my brother, my dear brother, Vlrgillo." " God bless your dear brother, Vir gHio!" exclaimed Bentinek, relieved. " O-h," she cried, " I am your friend ! My hand upon it." And if the passers by thought the movement extraordinary they would any of them have be«n glad to be a party to it - Jiwt then the wind that was riding blew out the flag from the top of the unfinished monument, and the westering mm struck it, so that its dyes had a deepened splendour. She noticed his proud glance toward it. " Ah," ehe cried, " you love it; you revere It; you would die for It. Then you know how I feel, how we feel, for our own flag. Oh, yes, you must come to me now and let me tell you the whole story, its dark side dipped in blood, it* bright side—oh, it has a bright side —white, white as the light on the souls of heroes. Let me see. We dine with " the Chileans, and to- night it is the opera. After the opera—<no, that will not do. Well, sufficient unto the day—l am not much like your Idea of a West Indinu, am I ? That to because I was at school at Mme. Chermodie's with the society glrte. She taught us charming French and which foot to put first for the car riage .step, and how to receive a gen tie man—<and his proposal. Ahr lam too bold ! And we JiSAight ourselves the r«rfr the A-saerfean habits and way«», tho American spirit. It was not diffi cult—with our mother, too. But once every year while he lived any dear father took us home down to Cubi, and sometimes we etayed long enough in Havana to hate the Spaniard worse than before, and sometimes we spent long seasons on the plant£tions among the mountains, and we rode through the intendencibs, he and I and Vlrgillo, from end to end—do you know it is a land larger than Ireland ?—and lie to ught me I am a Cuban and never to forsake iriy country. And now we ■havo nothing, the coffee, the tobacco, the cotton, all confiscated." And she threw out her empty hands, palms • downward. "We should be beggars, Vlrgillo and I, but for my aunt. Anil •she is not quite sure that we arc not mad. • All that we had has I>een given to the cause. . But judge if- we lore Spain the more." • "Lov©.her!" exclaimed Hairy Beii tinck. " She is the remnant of the dark ages." At the opera that night he met her again. " I have some news that makes me very happy," she murmured when Ik> was beside her. "I had half the mimjl to put on my yellow" satin, with .my aunt's diamond butterflies." i "I thought you were in mouruing,' 1 he bsM, taking her fan and opening i and closing it. "For my country, only for Cuba and i her sorrows. My heart is so often t heavy for her. But eometinies I weai I blue because it la the national colour , Yon see my heart Is light to-night, foi i we hear that the ■Horaito has made : harbour and landed her passengers and ' delivered her cargo. That is good. 11 , was rifles, that cargo. And now t'urrt • Is more work to be done—more recruits. more gnaa— Ah, Hdten!; i How delicious, rhat white creature ! An angel would elng ttaafeMtayj • tfWme,' W&yaWaugela; always ho fair, so blonde V" " I know one angel who is not blonde,' exclaimed Harry Bentinck, under.cover of the music. "Ooino and dee her, then, to-morrow . jrigh-t at 0," she said airily. Mine. D'Areo sat by the fire, as usual, sipping chocolate that smelted of cinna mon and mu»k, when on the stroke of 9he appeared. There was little other light in the room than firelight. Two ; men rose as he entered. "My brother, Virgilto Oainpeador," said Gloria. " " lie passjes as my aunt's courier, Johns. .Toflins was our mother's name. She wa3 American, you. know. And this is Gen. Piers Peteiwen," as tlje tall; gray-haired •man reseated hliiuserf!' Shelieurftejjf took a low i>la-ce. near the hearth-.- <Jampeador threw a stick1 .upon the'; fire^tfnd it blazed up. .and illuminated Jier face rosily a" moment, and left her gleamiug like a ghost. For the brief space no one spoke, and she began softly singing a little chauisonette. " You wauted lo hear about Cuba," she said presently, breaking off her song. "Itis so sad, I .delay. How can I tell you of it all V The oppression, the infamous laws, the impoverishing taxes, the injustices — they are bad enough " "They are what we revolt again&t;," eaid V-ir«llk> quietly. "The invulte, the cruelties, the men taken out and shot before their wives, the mothers hunted in caves, the homcii burned in the making of those deserts they call peace, the men bound to a stake and hacked to pieces with knives!" She threw her hands up wildly, her voice almost a shriek. " Oh. tin* sting of it nil," she cried, " the malignity, the helplessness, the misery, the grief !" " And what amazes oue is the indif ference of the American," said Mine. D'Arco, speaking for the first time, but in French. "Three American boys are shot down in Havana because they wear, blue ribbon at their throats." "And the outrage of the Virglnlus-* you endure it." Mr. Bentinck felt as if he not only had endured it, but had committed it. . "But, then, if the Americans endure ■ it, there are others who resent it. Look at Piers Petersen here," said Virgilio. . " But, to l>e sure, Geri. Pp>rs Peterson has spent his life avenging the wrongs of others !" cried Gloria again. " I seem to be growing old now, some*--' what tired," said the deep voice of thfe general with the lisp of one who more frequently spoke soft southern tones than our* "lam 60 years old to night." . " You must know, Mr. Bentinck," said Gloria, " that Gen. Piers Pete-wen would be undone If there were no wrongs to right, uo tyrannies to overthrow in this world. Tliere U not a republic iv South America born in his day that he has not assisted in the making. He was with Walker in Nioaragua, with Fremont in California. He was with Don Carlos iv Spain when they bung countesses to lamp-posts, the Spaniards, whether in revolt, or revolted against, always re volting ! He was with Kossuth, and he swam down the Danube on bladders, naked, with despatches in his mouth." As she spoke, an electric glow seemed tb kindle behind the eyes of the general that btirned bluer than blue diamonds are. "He has the Cuban colour iv his - eyes, and his blood—it la the blue blood!" she cried. She filled the cupfc agaln and they went back and gathered round the hearth. • Vlrgllio talking, low-voiced and eager, Gloria every little while emphasizing what he said, the general adding now and then a strident word. " Oh, you sympathise, you feel for us. you are one of us ' % " she cried, her cheek flushed in the fire light, the tear spark ling in her ey»«, and she laid her hand on his a moment. He v.-as still under the glamour, still full of tlw fervour of Gloria's enthusi asm, when the text day he sat Iv the committee- room sorting his mail and in an angry amaze he found his desk half covered witk letter.-* from his consti tuents urgii!.^ Mm, as he valued their support and Ins future, to resist by every means at his command the en> crouirlimeuts of the Cuban sympathisers. (To be concluded.) i The " British Trade Journat" ba« Just fee- - gun publication of a Russian edition at St. Moscow under the name of tlie " Rnsao- Angll&ki; Torgovl- Vestnlk" ("RUMO-Eaglish Trade Messenger"). That A small word may exerclße great minds on occasions is shown by the fact that a controversy has been going on, in*qne of the Southern papers as to the word . " Us." The last letter, which we reprint." appears to have been a clincher, for it has not been answered :—" In the preface to the new revised version of the Old Testa ment the statement is made that the word ' its' does not appear to have been intro duced into any edition of tho Bible before the year IC6O. Knowing the Revision Corn* pany to have comprised some of the fore most English scholars of to-day, many writers, including sundry newspaper cor recpondenta, have repeated this statement. It Is, bowover, an error. The word ' Ita* occurs in an English version of the Bible (a spurious edition) published in 1653, aod Vj believed to have beenj-noi CTMttyJ MstJP '; In Germany,' but-*il*iHi IB SOBt^Hntm^ ~, 