POETRY. It was April, blossoming spring, They buried me, when the birds did sing. Earth, In clammy wedging earth, They banked my bed with a black, damp girth. Under the damp and under the mould. I kenned my breasts were clanmmy and cold. Out from the red henms, slanting and br:ght, I kenned mly checks were sunklen and 'white. I was a dream, and tile world was a dretlam, And yet I kenned all things that seem. I was a dream, and the world was a dream, lBut you cannot bury a red sunbeam. For though int the under-grave's doonm-night I lay all silent and stark and white, Yet over my head I seemed to know The mutrntmurous moods of wind and snow. The snows that wasted, the winds that blew, The rays that slanted, the clouds that drew The water-ghosts up from lakes below. And the little flower-souls in earth that grow. Under earth, inl the grave's stark night, I felt the stars and the moon's pale light. I felt the winds of ocean and land That whispered the blossoms soft and bland. Though they had buried me dark and low lMy soul with the seasons seemed to grow. II. I was a bride in my slckness sore, I was a bride nine months aInd morc. From throes of pain they buried me low, Feor death had finished a mother's woo. But under the sod, in the grave's dread doom, I dreamed of my baby in glimmer and gloom. I dreamend of my babe, and I kenned that his rest Was broken in wailings on my dead breast. I dreamed that a rose-leaf hand did cling; Oh, you cannot bury a motlher ill spring. Wihen the winds are soft and the blossoms are red She could not sleep in her cold earth-bed. I dreamed of my babe for a day and a night, And then I rose in my grave-clothes white. I rose like a flower fronl my damp eartlh-bed To the world of sorrowing overhead. Nlet would have called nme a. thing of lharm, But dreams of lmy babe mlade mle rosy anld warnti. I felt my breasts swell under my shroud; N'o stars shone bright, no winds were loud; B13ut I stole me past the graveyard wall, For the voice of my baby seemed to call: And 1 kenned me a voice, though Inly lips were dumnb, lIush, baby, hlush, for mother is come. I passed the streets to imy husband's home; The chambher stairs in a dreatn I clomnb; I heard the sound of each sleeper's breath, Light waves that break on tile shores of death. I listened a space at my chamber door, Then stole like a moon-ray over its floor. My babe was asleep on a stranger's arm. "O baby, my baby, tle grave is so warm, "Though dark and so deep, for mother is there! O come with nme from the pain and care! "O come withl me from the anguish of earth, Vhere the bed is banked with a blossoming girth, "Where the pillow is soft and the rest is long, And mnother will croon you a slumber song. "A slumber song that will charm your eyes To a sleep that never in earth song lies! "The loves of earth your being can spare, But never bile grave, for mother is there." I nestled him soft to my throbbing breast, And stole me back to imy long, long rest. And here I lie with him under the stars, Dead to earth, its peace and its wars. Dead to its hates, it hopes and its harms. So long as he cradles up soft in my arms. 'And Heaven may open its shimmering doors, And saints make music on pearly floors, And hell may yawn to its infinite sea, But they never can take my baby from me. For so mluch a part of my soul lie hath grown That God doth know of it high on His throne. And here I lie with him under the flowers, That sun-winds rock through the billowy hours, ,With the night airs that steal from tlhe mur muring sea, Bringing sweet peace to my baby and me. .-William Wilfrid Campbell, in I-Harne's Magazine. Don't ryv to contince a, man. that; he is wrong; get himt to beclieve. tihaet you are right.' and tthen rest satiisfied. Uncle Charliet-"How' old arte you, Ethtel?" Ethel--"Six yea:rs. 'cel~t whenl Vnm on the Ieram; IhCn I'uI only fjive." " ''apat , wclit is intuition? .. .. "l tui lion, tmy chiId, is iwhai ai. weoman cl]ai.tts to ihave vwhcn shle makets ic g'eood IIguess." 