BY FALSE PRETENCES; OB, $ ^tlemttm off ^m[«ttmt tjtcnnox. JL S T O B Y . CHAPTER I. A FATAL QUARREL. By ARTHUR DAVIS, „ Author of " The Glitter of Gold," " On the Edge of a Precipice," &c.; It was an intensely hot night, about a fortnight before Christmas. The bright moonlight cast weird shadows from the tall gum trees athwart the sandy expanse, by courtesy called the main street of the townshipof Yanooc. The usual char acterfics of a bush township-the inevitable store, hotel, butcher's, and blacksmith s- facing the aforesaid strip of red sand ™th about thirty wooden cot ages with galvanised iron roofs straggling irregularly for a quarter of a mile on either side. To-night the moonlight gave the ordinarily common-place township a somewhat romantic look, compared with the sordidness of its appearance in the full light of the garish day. 35 pen the iron roofs lost their hideously-commercial _ appearance, and gleamed in shining patches agaiflst the sombre background of the melancholy eucalypts. Outside the hotel two kerosene lamps sufficed to show the recumbent forms of three or four laboring men—carters and the like— who were lolling lazily on the floorbf the verandah, finding it too hot even to talk about racing, while on the water- trough others, apparently of a grade higher in the social scale. Said one, "Let's go down to Leon Caron's wine shop, and have a hand at C3irds»'' "No fear," said another. "Too hot to-night to play cards. Costs too much at Caron's too.' 1 "Well,' rejoined the firstspeaker, "if you win you win more." " Yes, and if you lose, you're broke," laughed his companion. "Anyhow, it's too hot to be inside to-night." During the conversation the glances of the party had been directed with languid interest towards-the furthest house visible just be distinguished a light—the only " one apparent in the township,'save at the hotel. Approaching it from the centre of the township, Caron's dwelling appeared to be similar to the other cottages, but on the spot, it could be seen that the building extended considerably at the rear, where a large room was fitted up as a wine saloon. t- It was always a puzzle why ^ Caron should have, opened \a saloon of this character in a place like Yanooc, with its limited population. Still, there was a large area of good country on every side, and there were few, from squatters to rouseabouts, in the district, who were not patrons of Leon Caron. Not that the; wine he sold had a greater charm than; the whisky or colonial beer of the hotel, but because there was always the chance of winning—or losing - at cards, and the monotony of bush and station life .knows! no variation so acceptable as the excite- "dubiously' when' Caron's .business was under discussion, and hinted at more than one squatter being under the financial thumb of this suave furtive-eyed Erencb- an. - , Whether wineseller, sharper,'or usurer g Caron gave no man a clue to liis affairs, and his customers just*accepted his politeness for- what it was worth, and enjoyed themselves in their own way—and paid for it. To-night there were only two persons in ™ W ^ J ? % the saloon. At a smalltable,at one end of the room, they sat; a bottle of wine and two -glasses on an adjacent chair, and a little pile of gold on the table beside the cards. Carotfwasaboutforty,swarthy, litheand muscular, with a suggestion of the savage inhis sinister expression. H is companion, Norman Lennox, was twenty- three, fair, with a naturally "frank, good-looking face, and the physique of an athlete. But his features were just-now distorted with intense passion, while-Caron's grew more evil in their expression momentarily. The two men sat bolt upright, regarding ? each other fiercely. Lennox, wit'i r his right hand had gripped Caron's left; which, covered a card on the table. The sil uation was obvious—Lennox had caught him cheating. A moment later Caron's wrist was given a half twist, -and the eard lay revealed. y M You French dog !" said. Lennox, The men rose to their feet simultaneously. Lennox -still -held Caron's wrist in that vice like grip, and the Frenchman winced. But it was at the speech, not the pain. His right -hand slowly dropped to the pocket of his sac-coat. Lfentfo^, never taking hiB glance from those basilisk eyes, now furiously ablaze, noted the movement and its import. The next instant there was a gleam of steel in the air, but the other was too quick, and a terrific hit on the point of the jaw from his.adversary's left had hurled * Caron backward, .the gleam of the curious- bladed knife describing almost a circle in the air, as its.owner fell, striking his head sharply against the iron-hoope'd edge, of a quarter-cask of wine standing on the floor. Lennox- relaxed.his aggressive^^attitudeuas Caron, ' with a convulsive movement and a gasping cry, grew strangely still. His eyes lost their blaze, his face became pallid, and from beneath the dark head came an ominous crimson stream, that soaked slowly into the sawdust on the floor. A horrible fear seized Lennox. He knelt beside the prostrate man,- raising his head. He could feel the warm bloGd triekling through his fingers. He called Caron by name, but there was no reply, find an qshen hue overspread the Jfrench- A slight noise made Norman look up. In the doorway stood-a tall, well-dressed man. He had a riding whip in one hand, acid with the other he was thoughtfully stroking a well-trimmed black beard. His natural surprise at the scene before him ^as mingled with a curiously sardonic expression, and his air w^s that of one who is rapidly solving a suddenly-presented problem. Lennox sprang to his feet with an exclamation of relief. "Ob, Martin, I am glad youre here." Quickly explaining what had happened, he concluded, " See if he's alive. I'm afraid I've killed him." There was intense agony in his request, but the inscrutable figureat the door did not move. Still stroking his bea^d deliberately, Dr Martin Sluyfr Idok^^wW a iugly at the prone heap of humanity, at f the knife on the floor, the overturned table, and the scattered sovereigns. Then his gaze rested on the blood-stained hands of the man who was addressing him. Without moving,-he said coolly : " It would be no loss if you had killed him." Lennox made an impatient movement, as though he would have taken the doctor by the arm and dragged him forward. Without apparent intention, Shaw evaded the grasp of those blood-stained hands, and came nearer to the prostrate man. He bent over the recumbent form, felt the pulse, and laid his hand on Caron's heart. He gave a slow significant shake of the head. Norman Lennox, watching him closely, felt his blood chill and his knees tremble. He sank into a chair, where he could not see the ghastly face on the floor. Dr Shaw rose and s stood before him, looking down at his white anguished features s as one would h look at a rat in a trap. In a dry, husky whisper Lennox asked "Is—is he 1" He could not say the word. The doctor nodded. "His neck broken;" he said Norman's head sank on his breast. " Great heaven! Martin, what shall do 1" he gasped. There was an oppressive silence for,a minute "or two, and then Shaw said quietly: " Take my advice—get out of this. You have no nerve. There is no one here but ourselves, for I saw Caron's man down at the hotel as 1 came by. Did he see you here ?" " I saw nobody but Caron," was the reply. "I have only been here an hour." The doctor's eyes gleamed. "'Then get away. Go back to my place. Take the first train in the morning to Mel h bourne,* -and book your passage by the earliest steamer to London. Lose your self there for awhile." " What's the use-? If I change my name, I shall meet somebody who knows " I don't say change your name," said Shaw, in the same even tones. There is no need. Follow me quickly in what say, or we shall be found here. Nobody but myself knows* 1 you have been here. If y ou leave Yanooc in the morning anci; take the train at Larana* I will -give out "that you went away early this morning h You have not .been near the township these two days." And what about—that?" and Nor man shuddered, as he pointed to the floor. "Leave that-tome," said the doctor " But I must have some money to work with—to cover the retreat, as it were It's a big risk for me, but I'll do it for you. ~ You e won't be heard of in the mat ier, Jbut-get right out of the- country, *for, you'll betray yourself if you don't. Write' me a 'cheque lor £500, and .I'll hide the: whole tragedy. Be quick,'man, unless you want to' be hanged. Wash your handstand write me the cheque." Like a man in a mesmeric stupor, Len riox obeyed him. The doctor stood listening attentively for the sound of, approaching footsteps, but as yet there was no sound except the occasional chirp of "a cricket, or the droning hum of the myriad mosquitoes attracted through the open door by the light. When Lennox handed him the cheque Shaw said : " How about that £100 I owe you ?" ."Don't mention it," said the other " If you can save me from this I shall owe you^very thing." "Rely on me," said Shaw. "Don't ask me how I'll manage. You'll know some day, but vanish from Australia as quickly as you can/ Don^fc change your name, mind, or that may provoke suspicion somewhere. You need not be apprehensive, if you do as I tell you. Not another -word—go," and he urged him, through the door, closing it behind hini. Norman walked, as in a horrib'e nightmare, away from the township towards Dr. Shaw's house, a mile and a half dis- tant. He had been staying with him on a'visit for. the past month. There would be no one in the house, he knew, for the doctor was a bachelor, amd his domestic arrangements were attended to by the wife of a neighbor, who came in for an hour-or two each day. He reached his groom, flung himself on the bed, and gave himself over to an agonizing retrospection of the events of the night. When the door closed behind Lennox, Dr. Shaw turned -away with a ,curious smile upon his face. He stooped and picked up the scattered coins, pocketing them, with the slender stiletto-like knife which had dropped from Caron's hand when he fell. He set up the overturned table, and then, taking off hi3 coat and rolling up his sleeves, he proceeded to deal with.the body of Caron. \- CHAFTER II. ' A CURIOUS .RECEPTION. The Orient Company's steamer Ghvmboraeo was ploughing its way through the waters of the .Indian Ocean before Nor- Lennox began to breathe freely. Albany was a hundred and fiftyjmiles in the wake of the vessel, and ^Norman, as he remembered this, gave a sigh of'relief. The morning was clear and bracing, and he felt the invigorating influence of air and sea lend a buoyancy to his feelings to which he had been a stranger since that horrible night at Yanooc. As he sat qn deck, watching the ceaseless, roll of the restless waters, he mentally reviewed the main circumstances of his past life. He recalled his earliest impressions of the home in Queensland where he was born—of his mother who died so early in his career that she was hut a shadowy memory. He recalled the personality of his father, the absolutely affectionless old man who had the reputation of being - next to Jimmy Tyson—the hardest man in Queensland to drive a, bargain with. During the jeat-s of his son's boyhood, Norman's father had allowed him to run wild in the company of boundary rid^s rabbit trappers, and rough and ready selectors, a neglect* which had worked for the - lad's good, in providing him with a stock of vigorous heath,', and saving him, from - imbibing the polite , meannesses'and vices of polished society. When old Gordon Lennox did manifest a, fecial iatemt in his sou t and order him to repair to an educational institu-1 „ion in Sydney to scudy, it was an un- I pleasant command for the youth, but he I swallowed his distate for the change, I and his educational attainments satisfied J his father, who, although he never be- I stowed upon his son an affectionate I word, left him all he had amassed in the I twenty-five years of hard toil and privation I since landing, a poor man, in the colony. J Norman was only twenty-one when his I father died, and although he felt the loss | of the on'y relative he knew in the world, ! vet the tie had never been -one which j was calculated, if broken, to lacerate the J hearts of those whose lives it bound to- I Norman recalled the fact with a I akin to self-reproach, which was j deepened as he recollected how, during I the past two years, he had done his best to dissipate, in foolish or dubious pursuits, the fortune his father had left to him. That it was seriously diminished he knew. Whatever real estate his father had left he had converted into cash, having a determination not to be bothered by business matters while having his flin This he mused, was just as well, after all, for it, had enabled him to leave Australia without dislocating a lot of business affairs. Ther. he fell to thinking of Dr. Martin Shaw. He recalled liis firstmeeting with him in an adventuie where the doctor's part in the performance impressed Norman with a high admiration of his cool elf-possession and splendid nerve. He was a mysterious fellow. Norman had queer things about him, but these j were libels, undoubtedly. Shaw had I proved himself a priceless friend to him. 1 Then Norman fell to wondering what the I doctor had done to hide the horrible J result of that unlucky blow. Day after J day, on his arrival in Melbourne, Nor- I man had opened the morning paper in | fear and trembling, expecting to see, in j staring headlines, " Terrible Tragedy at I Yanooc. A Saloon Keeper Murdered !" But not a line had appeared. Norman j could only suppose that the doctor had I certified that Caron had met his death by accidentally falling, and, if Caron's em- I ploye had proved over-curious, that Shaw I had made it worth his while to be silent. 1 But suppose this was not so. Suppose j the tragedy was only hidden for the time j being—clumsily hidden, may be—and I that Its details should leak out. If sus- J picion was aroused, it might fall on the I doctor, and, although Norman had full | faith in Shaw's willingness to screen him, I e could not conceive of the doctor risk- 1 ing his life"and reputation to save a friend j who was guilty. Norman shuddered as j he thought of the word "guilty." He 1 did not feel himself morally guilty. It j was an accident, but who would belieye j that 'I His very flight, he reflected with j an uncomfortable-feeling,'would belie his j avowal that he was innocent of murder. I Then the old dread came back that he 1 had felt while in Melbourne, and again I when the steamer touched at Adelaide— the fear that he would be confronted by a minion of the law with a warrant for arrest" Still,,he could banish the fear for a while. The steamer called only at j Capetown—but one stoppage before I reaching England ; he had chosen this J route in order to avoid the numerous j ports of call by the Suez Canal route. 1 During the few days he had been in J Melbourne, awaiting the departure of-the j steamer, he had remained quietly at his j hotel, not desiring to meet any of' his acquantances. He had met none of these, I but* he wsfe somewhat perturbed whenTj booking his passage at the shipping office; by a gentleman who claimed him as an acquaintance. He had just given his name to the clerk, when a gentleman'standing near turned and held out his hand. "How are you, Mr liennox? Going 1 awaj already. You've had a very short j stay in the colonies." | " You have the advantage of me," 1 Norman had said, coldly declining the! proffered hand.- ' f "I beg your pardon/'said the other, J frigidly, but regarding Norman with a j curious expression, which, * in the then j -state of his nerves, made him shiver. _ \ When the gentleman went out of the office into Flinders-lane, Norman asked the clerk if he knew him. "No," said he ; "he's a new-arrival from India, I think. Came last week by. the British India Company's Rangoon. ~ I 'j forget his name." Norman recalled "this incident now, j and - found- himself wondering who' the man was, but speculation was futile. J Still the episode^iarred oh his norves^as"! it had at the -moment of its^occurrence. _ j Norman recalled, too, the fact that this j was Christmas Eve, - It was going to be^a wretched Christmas for,him,"he thought, j He had blood upon his hands, and, for J aught he knew, a price upon his head, I and he was an exile—a fugitive. The r thought embittered his mind, and caused j him to hold aloof from the sociable com-1 binatiori*8f*the~other passengers in their preparations to make their Christmas at j sea reminiscent of .the festive occasion in j the home life on shore, an attitude which j he maintained to a-considerable extent all J through the voyage. , * ~ J On arriving atJCapetown, and finding no communication had been received from Australia to' intercept him as " wanted," Norman s spirits rose, During the long and quiet hours of the night, as he lay listening to the ceaseless throb, throb, of the mighty epginea, and the monotonous swish >of the water, I as the huge vessel drove through the billows, he .could not escape from the melancholy recollection of the fatal result of his folly ; and the ghastly face of the dying Frenchman became viaible again to him in the darkness. It was often the central feature of fearful dreams, crowded 1 with horror. But in the daylight, with its bustle and activity, its panorama of sea and sky, the glorious sense of free, j unrestricted motion, as the steamer rode onward through the waves, these morbid fancies vanished, lus youth and strengih asserted then? po wer, and made his pulses beat with renewed hopefulness. And, passing from the summer of the world " into cooler latitudes he braced hi^ nerves yet more tensely, and the wye^hed j past seemed as far dist^t as the shores whence he had oaine. But with the first sight of English soil-the pisturesque Cornish headlands -his depression returned. What if, after all, he had Game this far only to have the hand of the law clapped on his shoulder, and to learn his firstexperience of England m a felon s celk feo strongly did this reeling actuate him, that m spite of a longing to leave the Ship at Plymouth, he lefrained from 1 going ashore No, he would go on to] London, he reasoned. There he would be safer if he did land without interference, and even if the news of Caron's death had been telegraphed to Scotland | Yard, lie would still have a few liberty on board the vessel ere she reached Gravesend v ^ length tlie, st^i^y London, and the exodus of passengers began, Norman lingered in his cabin, not because he was undesirous of losing him- Self in the labyrinth of the modern Babylon, but because lie instinctively avoided the many strangers who had come on board. Nor had he any heart to witness the cordial greetings of those who were welcoming friends and , relatives after their sojourn m lands on the other side of the world. He felt his own sense of loneliness sharply accentuated by these demonstrations of welcome, and they recalled the fact that at neither end of the world could he expect a welcome ; for, although he had the means to do as he pleased, he had no claim to the interest or affection of a solitary being, and the disaster which had overtaken him two months before had even cut him off from his friends and acquaintances. When the confusion on deck had somewhat abated, Norman came from below, and'leaning over the rail took an interested g' ance; at the shore. It was a clear day, a sharp frost had crisped the face of the snow lying upon tlie ground, and the g. wintry . sun made the hulks lying . _ in the J river and the distant bank of the Thames J glisten as with a million diamonds. A J little steamer was being loaded with pas I sengers and their luggage for conveyance J to Blackwall, and he watched this with J an absent-minded curiosity, He was startled out of his reverie by hearing a strange voice at his elbow : "Mr Norman Lennox, I believe.' ! He felt himself turning icy cold, a sen- sation of faintness made him dizzy, and he clutched the rail for support. This, then, was the end of it all 1 Nemesis had overtaken him 1 He had not turned his head, but as he heard his name spoken a second time, he steadied himself by an effort, and turned to face the speaker. He saw a stout, well- preserved man of fiftyor thereabouts a man evidently on good terms with himself dressed with great care, from the patent-leather boots 5 on his feet to the faultlessly glossy tall hat, which he raised in acknowledgment of Norman's mechanical salute. He looked like the proverbial English merchant or banker, with iron-grey whiskers, cut in the orthodox mutton-chop style. His lips had a pleasant smile which, somehow was discounted by a foxy loot ip his cold grey eyes, .But Norman was not looking at him now. The man was not alone. Immediately behind, him wa3 a lady, apparently about twenty years old, and prettier than any girl Norman xemembered to have ever seen before. She was richly attired, her dainty figure set off to advantage by the stylish fur cloak she wore, and the coquettish Alpine hat poised upon her shapely head. Hx r deep blue eyes were fixed upon Norman with a lootof-anxious curiosity, At the -sight of her a revulsion offeeling set in, and Lennox felt the warm blood, which a moment since had surged to his heart, coursing again through- his veins. ' He^elt bewildered.- This,'surely,, was not what he had dreaded. I see ne have startled you," aaid the gentleman. " You did not expect anyone to meet you, I know. Allow ma to introduce myself. ,My name Is Carter, j. —Ilobert Carter, financier—an o'd friend of your father's; "and this is my daughter^ Miss Alice^Carter." Norman mentally shook himself He feared he was dreaming ; but the charmj ing smile of the lady, and the ^pressure of J the small hand withdrawn from the muffL she was carrying, convinced him that he was talking to real flesh and blood. 1 little. "How did-you know-Iwas;comihg^ • to England? I was unaware anyone-' Ah," said the other smiling, "that is A my little secret.' But that must "not- • lessen in" your mind the fact that we are delighted to see you. -And jpur present' want of knowledge of us must not pre- X > vent, you accepting our hospitahfy. You have no-very definite plans as yet," I presume V' - fi "Indeed,, I have not," said Norman, « -more. puzzled than ever. "'But surely \ there is some mistake 2" _ "None whatever, I-aasure you," aaid waiting at Blackwall. -We wiiltalkas wa'' but as he looked-from father todaughterfA he felt that ,he might as well yield to this :! | "extraordinary request. Whatever migh% s | transpire, he could not improve matters f by" declining. In a few minutes he had made the '' necessary arrangements respecting Jus"|i j luggage, Sand-half ah hour more saw him "n seated -beside-Mrss-Carter, her father H occupying the opposite seat in a finelyappointed, closed carriage drawn fey a, 5- pair of high-steppinghorses. , Whi'e on,the crowded steamer there r had been merely an interchange of com-1 mon-place Temarks, but Nomjan was now ? anxious toleam more of the situation in- s: which "He found himself; I MrCarter readilyaequieseed "This, of eo'hrse, is your first visit to England, Mr Lennox. lama Tor? old! friend of your father's, and owe him A debt of gratitude. It may not be known' to you, and you will pardon me for referring to it, but he married against the advice of his friends, and his own happiness-was riotenhanced thereby. I donoi wish to pain you by reference" to this and having now spoken of it, I will never!® again refer to it. But now that both your parents are dead, I, knowing precisely what your father's desires were, am auxioiw that you should reciprocate the interest I feel in you as the son of Gordon Lennox ^ i and do me the honor of considerina me your friend " "lam sure," replied his perplexed Jistener, courteously, "that I shall esteem the privilege. 1 -' "I am gratified." "said Mr Carter urbanely, "andnow, if you dotft mind* we will leave reference to family affair^ for the present." Norman bowed, but he could not refraia from asking a^ain • " But how d 1d°yo°u know I was coming to England V "Well," eaid Mr Carter, reflectively " I may say this much. I learned W a friend of mine, who is interested in yourwelfare, that you had left Australia in the Chimborazo, and we came to claim you as our guest" Instantly Norman's mind reverted to Dr, Shaw, and for a moment he flushed at the recollection of that awful night at Yanooc. But the next minute the"musical voice of his fair companion, addressing him, diverted his thoughts The carriage drew up before a stately"" mansion in Cadogan Square, and a fewminutes later Norman found himself in a sumptuously furnished room/ evidently prepared for his use. As the door closed behind his host, he sat down in an easy chair, and pressing his hands to hiq temples, tried to think the curious prot>a It was no use. After an hour's quiet reflection, he gave it up. He felt that come what may, he must drift with the fresh current that had set in in his aftairs. And throughout all his deliberations the sweet face of Alice Carter dwelt with gentle insistence before his mental ' CHAPTER III. THE GROWTH OF LOVE. The dinner at Cadogan House that evening was the most enjoyable meal Norman Lennox had ever partaken of. To one who had spent six weeks on shipboard, to say nothing of his idle days in the colonies, the luxuries of a well-appointed table were thoroughly acceptable, but these were minor points in the category of Norman's enjoyment- His host exerted himself to the utmost to make his guest feel that he was completely welcome, and in this effort he was ably seconded by his daughter. If Norman thought litr lovely when he saw her first, he thought her superlatively charming now. Her rich brown hair, in shining coils, gave an increased charm to her face and form ; her movements had the grace and dignity which evidenced gentle birth and culture, and when she spoke, Norman, who had hitherto cared but little for the society of women, felt a thrill of intoxication fill every fibre of his being. There were no other guest3. The family party was made up by the widowed sister of Mr Carter, Mrs Hilliard, who managed his household, and acted as chaperone to Alice, who, Norman learned, *liad only returned from France a year previously, where she had been to complete her education. Her mother had died five years before. When the gentlemen joined the ladies in the drawing-room, Alice played and sang for them. Her voice, a rich contralto, lent an added beauty to the sentiment "of the songs, and Norman sat entranced, scarcely heeding the occasional remarks of Mr-Carter and his sister. That .night he scarcely slept. The change irom the motion of the vessel, •with its monotonous chant of Engine and wave, to the stillness of the luxurious room, was of itself sufficient to keep him awake, but the excitement of ibis new trend in his affairs absolutely forbade sleep. During the next few days he learned more of his host. He was a city magnate, the principal of the firm of Carter and Carter, whose financial operations dealt with speculations in every part of the globe. Norman was ashamed to confess to himself that he had never heard of the firm, as he listened to Mr Carter^ description of the magnitude of their operations. The elder man appearedio lay speeial stress on this, and took Norman to see the "city establishment with the evident desire-to impress his guest 'with the idea of his solid financial standing, a fact of which the-.house in~ Cadogan \- 'Square was quite sufficient to convince - -jLennox. i 1 The -days, slipped rapidly by—halcyon jdays they were to Norman, who fey this ~ time had relegated the miserable memory i)f the past into temporary oblivion, The members of -the family appeared to vife . with each other in making his stay plea- sant, and day by day-he felt himself fallihg more desperately in lave with Alice J barter. He" yielded weakly to the temptation, though, ever and"anon, the shadow of the. past , would glide across his pleasing ^fought?, but, as he w^is dally in her company, he doggedly refused to \- 1 think-of anything but her charming-pery sonaiity. 1Som'e^ime3 ,it puzzled him to %see the "Evident satisfaction her father '1 appeared to find iniheir companionship. , ;Such favorj Norman felt; could not have been more freely vouchsafed had he Imown him for! years,*but it was quite palpable su r ch was the case. " Three months_passed, the winter had \- gone/and the opening spring gave oppor- _ tunities for_pleasant rides and drives, in which "the young, people were thrown to- • gether Toiore than ever, and it was at this • time -that <Norman became sensible that he -was ' regarded with a warmth of feeling by Alice. An increased diffidence- when they were -alone, a "Variance of touch and tone, the thousand and one indications of -the presence of . - "unspoken affection, daily, enlightened "l Norm he loved for him. When this'" became clearly -apparent to him, he took himself seriously to task, and, after a wmtvais^ qMqrt^rfJieure, resolved he ^ would'go ; away. The dark shadow of the past he- " «ame r a funereal pall, under which his dearest-desires must be buried, But Mr Carter would liot hear of it He was particularly insistent, and added that%ter on, wlen Sfoirman hall enjoyed Jus leisures little longer, there were certain ^business matters to^which lie would ask his attention. Norman did not quite -grasp the meaning of this, but forbore to ' " question him, for on several prior occa- ^ sions^ when he bad commenced to =speakt ^ of-his jatherf "or .of his own prospects/ * ~ Mr darter had begged of him 'not to'refer to the matter just then, or had deftly -" turned the conversation. -And always ~ fronr- such a colloquy Norman would retire, slightly dazed. And when he5nen4 tioned the idea of going away-to Alices \- -fehe-said nothing, but the look in her eyes \- decided him to stay. Th& friendship with the Carters intro- ? dueed Norman into a select circle of London society, and a pleasurable round of? \- gaiety of .a subdued order gave him ample ' .^.opportunity of learning the ways of a " fashionable world of which he bad often read, but, in his past daySj had .never supposed he would be particularly interested in. It was intensely enjoyable ; it y was all so novel, and at times, to his vigorous, practical mind, so amusing, and Alice took a keen delight in listening to his criticisms of the people they met and the functions they attended. In the summer season - they accepted, with Mrs Hilliard, an invitation to Scarborough to the seaside residence of a friend of Mr Carter's—a Mrs Noel. This lady had a hobby for keeping dogs, a dozen or so of various breeds being scattered about the establishment. One of these animals was a splendid mastiff called Nero. Norman, with an Australian's keen eye for a good animal, horse or dog, took a great pleasure in watching this thor6ughbred specimen* and his interest was a source of great satisfaction to its mistress. It was the afternoon of a very hot day in July, and the guests had dispersed in various directions. MoHt of them were on the Esplanade, listening to the music. Alice, with Mrs Maitland, was walking i .and, frojJii tbe^rsad^mza facing the eu v-vi s.>*?ding at the v i^-"uc;\the lawn, .... r;a<cLi5in* hear the l o s s 'Belxm. hv-ii- slxo- mastiff _ A £h& ^o^detbiL wltj tho i% a 'J; ' ^ism. grass under the trees. With his head down he was moving round and round in slowly-widening circlesi .and giving vent to short angry snapping;barks. Just then a gardener came through the shrubbery from the stables, carrying in his hand a hay fork, with two steel prongs. The man looked at the dog, then, leaving the shrubbery, walked a little way across the lawn. Just then the dog lifted up his massive head. Foam was dripping from his jaws, and his great eyes had a wolfish look. The man dropped the fork and ran. As he neared the house he called to Norman: " The dog's mad, sir ; I must get a gun and shoot him. Shut the window." Norman half closed the window as the dog, attracted by the flying gardener, Game creeping after hinu At that moment Norman remembered that Alice and Mrs Hilliard were on the piazza outside. A terrible fear seized him, and as the dog crept, tiger-like, into the shrubbery-path, he sprang out into the garden, and snatchr ing up the fork the man had flung aside, f he turned toward the house. ctB Three steps led up to the piazza at the head of the path. Near the steps was Alice petrified with horror at the "sight of the huge beast, who had crept to the foot of the steps and was contemplating a spring upon the terror-stricken girl. Mrs t Hilliard, at the far end of the piazza, was vainly trying to open one of the windows. With a bound Norman sprang to the side of the crouching animal,-and poising the fork in both hands, drove it with all his might, aiming it at the dog's head. But the animal swerved, and instead of the prongs piercing its head, they pinned him to the ground, one on Either side of the neck, NeTrman knew that hiS only salvation now was to keep the brute there until help arrived. But the animal was powerful—doubly powerful in its madness, and I with its great back arched, its eyes) bulging, and every Tiair erect with fury, it I writhed and struggled to get free, while | Norman, his every muscle strained to its utmost tension, forced the beast's head 1 down -until the stout ashen handle of the fork bent under the pressure. _ | What if it -should break. It meant death to all three—the most horrible of all deaths, by a madness like that of the poor brute at his feet. Norman could feel his strength going. The veinfc on his forehead seemed bursting with the exertion, a red mist swam before his eyes, when a sudden explosion rang in his ears—another—and then he heard: " Let go, sir —he's done for." [ Nor manloosed the handle and Btaggered back'. The gardener stood withla/hmblebarrelled gun in his hands, and the dog was in tKe'throes of death. Norman looked at Alice. She was still; standing, like a statue, at the head of the steps. Her beautiful face was white as marble, but her eyes had in them an expression he had'never seen before, but which made his pulses heat madly. She held out her hands to him. "Norman/' she cried, and the next moment she had fainted in his arms. •CHAPTER IV. DOCTOR 3HEA.HTHI SHAW It was the" latter end of October, and London society was beginning to return from the moors ^nd the sea-side, from S'witzerland and the Biviera, and all those delightful' places ~ where _ its 1 members had taken - refuge . from the | dust and discomfort of the great city. | The Oartefs were back at Cadogan 1j- House, but Norman was mow located - at a fashionable club, as he was now in-the enviable position of the betrothed of the daughter of theTibuse. After the episode at "Scarborough there, -was - no possibility of "evading ' the natural conclusion, and the evident pleasure of ^Mr Carter, independently of his heartfelt gratitude to Norman for his brave act, made the course -of true love run particularly sm&oth;, as yet. The engagement was three months old, and it -was arranged that the marriage should | take place at-Christmas. Already certain | necessary preparations were being made, 1 and Norman.yielded to the delirious ^x-1 citement of his hew rote without a \ an But to the with growing the extinction -regard of. ihe the sunshine, girl J and -the arrival "of the dreary fogs of | November, he began to suffer from occasional fits of depression when he was ] alone." Perhaps it was the Reaction from j the ecstasy-whfen he was in the presence 1 of his lady-love; perhaps -it was the murky atmosphere j but, whatever the I r t^usef he waa wSetched at times, and he could not help thinking that he was too j happy to last, and that this was a pre-1 monition Of cataing disaster. 3 - One day he sat .moodily smoking m his 1 room acthe^lubjwhen with an apologetic 1 knock, the attejadajftinnounceda visitor. I Normaniooked. - up. ~ 1 " It was Dr Martin ^Shaw I The visitor stood in the open doorway,' a walking cane in one hand, and with the other he thoughtfully stroked his heard. There was something horribly reminiscent in _ the attitude, aa'though _ it were cynically pre"medit^ted; 'am£ wife a whitening face 1 and a dull, heavy pain at the heart, Norman saw the whole of that fatal scenej at Yanooc rise vificUy before him. He J felt his present existence, with its refined] pleasures, its keen interest, its affection. ] slipping fromaround him. Unconsciously] a couplet from Euqem Aram slipped into! his mind—" j So wills thb fierce avenging sprite, Till blood for blood atones. \ Tio ^n^^prA^ man with his 1 ^.ftti'd! arLsarss j in tbp Ahorwav so suddenly jf seemed ,e P med~to to NMa^ Nfcrmans sSled startled Sion viswn the the j personification of the avenger, passed through his mind like a flash. Why don't you say ' I lad you're come, Martin,' " said Shaw, and by the sneering tone, more than the iteration of the words he so well remembered, Norman knew that Dr Martin Shaw came as an enemy. He*roused himself. "Come in,|and sit down. I never expected to see you here." The doctor took the-proffered cigar, and helped himself to a glass of whisky from the decanter on the table. 4 4 Probably not/' he said. "Nor by your manner should I suppose my presence is particularly welcome to you. Don't argue the matter," iie added, as Norman made a deprecating gesture. "It will, perhaps, simplify matters if I am plain with you. I am an unp'easant reminder of that which you would rather forget. Save for me, you appear to have forgotten pretty easily. It is not yet twelve months since you were a well, since you were "flying from justice— possibly the hangman's rope—and now you are a curled darling of aristocratic society, .a member of a select London ! and engaged to be married to the b^avtiful daughter of a-wealthy city man. J —I have the devil's own iack, a though I haven't murdered anybody—not even a Chinaman—and as you once told me if I got you out of the scrape you would owe everything to me, I want you to settle the debt." " What do you want t You are plain —brutally plain," said Norman, wearily. " I want a fresh start," said Shaw. I want to do as you are doing now." I want vou to give me ten thousand pounds." "Ten thousand pounds?" exclaimed Norman. "Nonsense, fifteen"thousand v pounds is all I have." | " But you owe me everything, " was the ! sneering answer. " Anyhow, think it i I over. I shall not leave London"without! it—or—without you," and, rising, he 1 stood for a minute looking down on the crushed figure in the chair, as he looked at him once before in the saloon at Yanooc, then turning on his heel, he left Norman to his own reflections. The next few days were days of torture to Norman. It was not the contemplatipn of the unreasonable request of Dr. Shaw that made him miserable. He would have reely parted wife every penny he badcould he have felt that never again would; t h he accusing past rise up before him. S ut he saw clearly that there was no. finality in this demand. So long as ^e L lived lie would be liable to blackmail l And there was the agonising fear thjit here was some other who might know the secret, for Martin Shaw could scarcely s have xlisposed of Carols body alone. A few days since how happy he faadi been, and now bowl wretched he was. | Alice, with the keen insight of love, noted j A he change, and anxiously rallied him about it. For her sake, lie strove to banish his fears when in her presence, but they returned tenfold when he was alone. One evening he arrived at Cadogan House just before the dinner hour, and Mr barter, drawing him aside into the library said : . , "I have a little surmise for you tonight." Norman started. His nerves were getting unstrung. He dreaded any more surprises, " What is it T he enquired. ~ " An old friend of yours. He is here to dinner." Norman's heart sank within him. There was only onie man whom he could possibly think of in this„connection, and 1 to meet him here would -truly be ihe j death's head at the feast. I He followed his host with the feelings 1 of a criminal going to his execution. j "Mr Lennox—Captain Leroy," said Mr j Garter, and Norman saw before him a j bronzed and bearded man with a distinctly military bearing. The two men looked at each other for a minute; and then -the captain said, quietly : "There is uome mistake Mr Carter? This is not my friend, Mr .Norman Len That is my name, certainly, said Sforman, " but I never saw you before to my knowledge." There was a dead silence for a minute or so. "The two men looked curiously at each other, button the face of Mr Carter was an expression of sudden alarm* " You are joking," he gasped." "ISot at -all," said Captain ^Leroy. " This gentleman is wonderfully like my friend, but it'is not "the Norman Lennbx h I knew v ' " ' ' J. V Good God!" cried Carter, sinking in- J to a chair." Then stating up. he turnedj& p fiercely to Norman : " Are you-not the Bon of Gdrdon LennoxT' - < " Certainly I am," answered Norman | Aldergate, in the City of London^" "No—as certainly-not," retorted Norman, on whom a sudden light .began to dawn. " My father was Gordon Lennox, of Brisbane, Queensland, who left Scotland for Australia twenty-six since. barter's jaw dropped. His face was ashen pale. "I see it now," he gasped. "My friend was your father's cousin," and he slipped down, a prone heap on the floor. •- , The two men looked at-eacn.other, There has been some terrible mistake ; here, ; said Captain Leroy mrra. I and we will try to understand this mys tery." - Norman _rang the bell, and hade the footman attend to his master, and, with a brief message to Mrs Milliard, they lelt the house. _ , When they were seated' inNorman s oom, he told the captain briefly his own tetory, -and how he became acquainted , with the Carters. "Isee it aU cleaHy now,'said the cap tarn. " Now let me explain. , OldJGor- I ion Lennox, the banker, your lather s I sousiuj it appears, married a lady against | -he wishes and advice of his friends. | They quarrelled soon after the pirtn J their son,"who like yourself was named j Norman. > She was an "Anglo-Indian, j nd, being possessed of ample privata means, left her husband and returned to l Tndia. It was there I beeame acquainted J with Tier and her son, with whom I was 1 very friendly. About two years ago she J died, and Norman made up his mind to j travel. Twelve months ago he went to Australia,^nd I have not heard from him J since, until I learned from Mr Carter l that he was here. The rest you know. AfterCaptain Leroy had gone, JNorman J made up his tnind.. He could see clearly-J now. He could see the significance of the brief conversation with the stranger at J the shipping office m Melbourne. Hehad been mistaken then for the other JNorman » » » ^ a U M ate. Nemesis was at his heels in the J shape ^ J ^ of ^ Dr. ^^ Shaw, ^ and in the eyes of Mr better than an j M tor. True, he had not deceived him s Carter would never allow him to talk of his family, but the complication was there all the same. If it were not for the stain of blood on his hands he would marry Alice in spite of all, but it was better he should go. He would not link her fate to that ot a miserable wretch like himself. He sat down and wrote a tender fare- well letter to Alice, and ana a brief Drier note tu to her father, and despatching these lie or- j dered a cab. Packing his portmanteau, - he drove to Euston Station and took the j express to Dover. The next day he was ; in Paris. ...... He put up at a quiet hotel in the Rue dela Roche,-and for a day or two wandered imlessly about, cursing his existence. On the morning of the third day after his arrival he was sitting in his room, speculating as to the wisdom of putting an end to his life, when the waiter knocked at the door. f * "A gentleman to see you, monsieur. "No, no," said Norman, I have no acquaintance here." "But," persisted the man, "he says Mr Norman Lennox. JETe has observed you enter. He does make no mistake." " Then ask him his name," said Lennox savagely* The waiter returnedivith a bit of pasteboard, Norman 'took the card. As he read it he'turned pale. It was as though he had seen a ghost. That night Norman retupjed to England,-in company with his!™ftor. The>n<kt fvenmg, he'presented himself at Cadogan House. Mr Carter, he learned, was from home, and Miss Carter was ill. Captain Leroy was there, and Norman had a long interview with him. At the close of the conversation, the Captain said— "One other matter. Since you went away, Mr Carter has received a visit from an acquaintance of yours in Australia, a Dr Martin Shaw, who, I understand, has made some serious allegation against you, the purport of which is not clear, but it seems evident that he desires to sell the information to Mr Carter. _ He is coming here again to-morrow morning." And Norman determined that he would also be there That night he wrote again to Alice and er father. To the latter he merely said hat lie intended to be present when Dr haw arrived. The next morning Mr Garter, Captain eroy, and Norman were seated in the ibrary at Cadogan House, when Dr Shaw was announced. On entering the room he was -evidently disconcerted at eeing Norman there. You Villain," Gorman burst out wrathfully. «You murderer," the doctor retorted, contemptuously. Captain Leroy touched the bell, and a man walked in. It was Leon Garon! A 'malignant look of diabolic hatred flashed across Shad's face; the next minute Jie had recovered his wonted selfpossession, and taking up his hat and cane he bowed mockingly, and left the room. To Mr Carter and Captain Leroy this was as so much pantomime, the full significance of which,they did not, until later, comprehend. But when the outer door closed upon the departing schemer, j Norman said— "I have some important, though I fear, sad news for you, MrCarter. It appears that my namesake, tKe Norman Lennox you supposed-me to be, leached Australia about the time I left. He spent some months travelling about the colonies, until on a certain occasion, he "met with a serious, and as it proyed a fatal accident. g e died in the Toowoomba Hospital, and 'before his death, committed t 0 this gentleman, who was himselfin jthe hospital at the time, certain papers, which; he desired should be personally conveyed to the firm of Catter and Carter. Ionet Mr Caron in Paris, and learned of this from him, and have hastened to, bring him to you. Mr Carter took the packet of papers,; and slowly- examined them. His hands trembled, but when hejaid them down, his voice had a distinct note of cheerfulness. This has taken a great load off my mind," he said. Gf the rest there Js not much to be Lenhosj jjrged thfe flatter to fiy, Ke Knefr im round after JjTorman's departure. After events showed ihat .^haw was the cleverergamblerofthetwo, rred all Caron's ill-got^ains to his own ocket. , . Thfere was a fashionable wedding at 3adogaS."House at Christmas, when Nor- 1 ;mahLennbxand Mce.Carter were made' man and wife. It wps not until after the marriage that; Norman learned what made his father-inlaw so anxious -to search outlhe son of his old friend. Gordon Lennox, the banker, was practically ihe owner of the house of . Carter and Carter, of the solvency o£ which Alice's father was-so fond of insisting. "^VSen Lennox died, he-left the^hole «f hisfortune, some fiftythousand pounds^ to the 'son "whom The had scarcely seen. The money was held intrust, the trustee being Mr Carter." In order to prop,up; the declining fortunes of the firm, Mr Carter had used twenty-five thousand, pounds of this trust -money, and it was; Lenuox, and, jif possible, to wed him to his daughter. To'this end he had caused inquiries to be made, and had learned that the young jnan had been heard of in Melbourne, and later that he had sailed for England in the Vhm&orazo.; By the death of the banker's son, the money re- verted to the next-of-kin, Alice's husbandand the legacy leeacv was a very satis- tog, ^ S S i ^ If you feei "out of sorts and consult a doctor, and find that your ailment did not realy requi re medical skill for its t^;i tmeut, you are apt to-feel that you have wasted your money. On the other jj an< j 9 everyone is aware that a dose in tj me ^ayes ^e, and that the simplest y neglected. Advice therefore is necesg , wk a t of, advice ? The doctor's « expensive! Your Mends ^ive it for nothing s bat you know as much as they doWhat then should be done 3 Ifyou can visit Swan-street, Richmond, AND will call on ,J. H. NIBMAOTT, the Espert ohemist, opposite the National Bank yoU overcome the difficulty, He gives expert advicc on-almost any matt0r conneet e d with medicine, charges ] notj^g f or j t} an d if you require it, providg S the mos t reliable remedy at a most' re^onable rate.^ApVT,]! ^ Richmond. Established 188d. reductions to suit the times. Watches cleaned, 3s 6d. alnspringg) 3s6a> other repairsreasonable. The best place to get your Watches, Clocks and Jewellery Repaired at a Moderate Price, consistent with good workmanship. F. TEMPANY, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 139 Swan-street (near Dockerstreet), Richmond.—[ADVI.] Attmann & Go., Watchmalwra, Manufacturing Jewellers and Engravers,|of i 18 S irtm ftrest, Richmond, having now thoroughly thenUei Tev , 4hrou F h ««cutin 4 ordeEB in th« best mannei at moderat _£ ceS) w ^nre the public and friendi ^ Iame caM aad attention that had n bestow«d ia the past will be carried on la thsfutuw. Watcheg and Clocks, Jewellery Older and Jobbing, and all other work vntruated to their care executed in best it^rle. 20 per cent, less than Melbourne prices Gold and Silver Jewellery, etc., sold at full? 80 vet cent, less, than Melbourne pricei Factory—Bear of 290 Little Collitis-street « Equal to Collins-Btreet wad at half the price/' remarked a well-known public man in reply to his friend's criticism regarding his handsome suit of clothes. O'CONNOR'S Suits are greatly in demand, as instanced by the fact that from all parts of Melbourne ud enbnrbs patror-s are constantly coming TO P .1, O'OONHOB Merchant Tailor, next 