A GREAT WRONG : OB, THB MYSTERY OF BLACK HOL LOW GRANGE. CHAPTER XXV7L THE MAD MOTBJIB. Under one of the grant tms in ti.o fvounds at Moreton House oat Kin*; tear, with* dull, vacant look in hia eyes. ' How should he know i' he reps/, ted, over and over, in a dreary moi.otont. 'How should he know if it is all a dr- ttm?' While he sat bioodiaf thui, a/vi watching the yellow leaves as tfcny eddied about his feet, there came 11 vino- .'oirn from tho man. sion a small, slender, feaale figure, the face from which the dark hi Ir was all cut away, so email, and wan, and ulnchcd, and piteous that it was hard to telt whaihor it waB the face of a woman or a ok lid. He looked up as sb a went down on her knees beside him and c'ntohod his arm with two small hands. ' It is you, little one 8 Whjr, what's the matter ?' ho said, hindl,/. Sho caught her breath ommer twice before ?ho was able to speak. ' King Lear, oh, hel| , me, pity me 1' she panted, her imploring n.'es uplifted. ' They are going to take ay bo i»y f ram me t' 'Oil, nej they surely wouldn't do that!' ' Yes, they will. My baby, my preoions little.baby, Arthur's only babyl' she went on, great tears rolling down her wan cheeks. ' They are going to take bim from mo. Do yon hear, King Lear? Mrs. Latimer told me herself, only a minute ago, and as soon as I got n chanco I flew down hereto tell you. She sayB I am too weak and ailing to nurse him, and the doctor says he must be ssSt away, off into the country somewhere, for some strange woman to keep — my baby, that has slept|on my bosom since the hour be wai born. They're going to take him away to morrow morning. What shall I do? Oh', King Lear, what shall I do ?' She beat the air with her frantic little hands, and looked up at hinuwithaface that filled the old man's oyes with tears. ' Poor little mother 1 poor little mother 1' be murmured, caressing her drooping head ; 'it is cruel enough to keep you shut up here. If I could only get yon away, wo might go to the old Orange to gether. The child-mother started to bor feet. ' I must get away,' she whispered. ' Am brose was here one duy ; I saw him. If he had beard me, he would have helped me. Ah, Hearen 1 before my baby was born,' she continued, her bosom rising with convulsive sobs, ' I used to think of throwing mys 'If ijto tho pond over there. If I only had, all my misery would have been over I' ' But that would have been wioked, little one.' ' I cannot help it. I think the Heavenly Father' must pity us, und forgive us our wickedness, when we suffer as I have suf fered i)U these long, weary months. Oh, King Lear, you can't know how I hove suf fered 1 I am not mad ; I have never been mad for one Binglo minute since they brought mo here ; bnt I think I'm going mad now ; iny head feels like it. If they take my child from me, I shall go raving wild, and I shall murder Mrs. Latimer. She took all my pretty jewols and laces that Arthur gave me ; but if she takes my baby, I shall kill her i' Her face was deatlhy white, her eyes like lurid stars, her breath came in panting gasps; 'She shall not take your baby, my poor little girl I' said the old man, soothingly. ' I'll go add see her about it.' But her frantic arms held him tight. ' No, no ; not a word for your life I It would ? ruin everything, and ? I might never see my baby again. I am to have him back to-night, and I shall think of some way.' VHistl' whispered the girl, with her finger on her lipB. ' There goes Nurse Ruth ; I must fly. King Lear, if anything happens, you will hear. Meet me in tbe grounds, and we'll go together. HiB eyes brightened. ' I wish we could,' he answered ; ' I wiBh we could.' ' We will. _ They shall not take my baby. I'm thinking of some way. Be ready, King Lear, and wait. We will go to gether.' She darted from him, and went flut tering across the windy grounds like -k Up wing, jrae angry wnsefc faded oat, twilight fell gloomy and chill, and with tho night the somplaining winds swelled to a fierce gale. The village bells had rung for midnight, and nearly every light along the vast front of Moreton House was extinguished, when a woman crept out of her cell and ran along one of the windy corridors, with a flickering taper in her band. Her face was bloodless, and her eyes shone like fire. ' I'll do it,' she muttered, between her shut teeth : fl I'll do it, and save my baby I' Half an hour thereafter a villager riding along tbe lane raised a lusty outcry of fire. Failing to arouse theinmateB.he left the road and pounded furiously at the gates, shouting ' Fire I fire I' with every breath. By the time the keepers bad heard and the doors of Moreton House were thrown open, a great sheet of fiamo fluttered from the main cupola,' like a royal banner. 'Fire! firel firel' A dozen throats took up tbe cry, and re § sated it ; and the mad winds whirled the ameB hither and thither till for miles areund the starless night was illuminated. Moreton House was in flames 1 The in mates came pouring out like bees from their hive ; and the scene that followed defies des cription. In the midst of the general tnrmoil, while , the fire raged and roared, and the cell-doors ? were being battered down, and the poor, crazed creatures danced and shrieked in ; their fright, a little figure flitted acrosa the grounds, with a closely wrapped bundle at her breast. , King Lear,' she whispered, Beizing the '' old mftn'a arm, as he stood bewildorud amid thegeneral tumult, 'cornel I told you I should think of some way I See, they 'are all free, and the hateful cells are in flames 1 Come, let us go.' 'He caught her arm and drew her along be side him, a flash of excitement and energy lighting his face. 'Yes, you are right,' he answered. ' We will go together. Olasp the child close, and let us bo quick I' And through the fire- lit grounds, through the wide-open gates, away from tbe mad, tumultuous crowd, they hurried, side ? Vy side, CHAPTER XXVIII. ? ' A STBANOE ADVENTURE, j Ambrose Qerhart kept his word./ He went back to London, and had an interview with Mr. Farkhurst, the Trevethon solicitor, . U» which be related all he knew in /egard 1 1 the strange man who called himself King Lear. - 'He may be Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, and 01 may not be,' the London lawyer an t jrered. ' However, the matter smll be in ( estigated. We will visit Moreton'House at ?nee. a-d if your suspicions skaild Drove well founded, sir, 1 will see that ;ou receive the promised reward. Miss Trwethon lias offered a handBome one for any information concerning Sir Geoffrey, as, witliout doubt, you know.' I ' I do not know,' answered Ambrose, with » flash of Bcornful anger. ' Nondo I care. I wouldn't touch a cent of Miss T£\tethon'a re ward if I were starving.' 7 ' Mr. Farkhurst smiled, and AnbroBe, having done his duty In this quarter, determined to set hia face homeward. Somehow or other the inclination to puisne hiB journoy bad loft him. He muBt tarry in England and see the end of this affair. Moreover he was puzzled about that voice that had called his name from the mad-houso tower. Was it a parrot, as the crazy gontle man had said, or was it some one who knew bim? A fanoy possessed him that it might be Isabel, and he could not rest until he had ?een Maud about it. But what chance could have thrown poo; lit'.! 3 Isabel into a mad house? The idea seemed absurd. A Ambrose went home, nevertheless, and reached the Follaide farm one wintry night, when the first snow of the season was falling. He found the windows alight', and Maud in the best parlor. She had a visitor— Sir Harry Tresbam. He looked a trifle embarrassed when Am brose entered, and said something abont re turning to the village. 'Wait a little while,' said Maud, with her frank simplicity of manner : ' Am brose will be going back presently, and yon will be company for each other ; and you shall both have a cup of hot coffee before you start.. Sir Harry seemed nothing loth to comply. Ho settled back into his seat in the fireside corner, his handsome eyes following Maud, as she moved about, with an admiration he could not conceal. 'I am so glad you have changed your mind, Ambrose and come back,' Maud said, as she put her shining coffee urn before the coals. ' Your mother has been fretting bo about you, and she is really ill.' '111? Poor mother, is she? Then I must tell my story, and hurry on. I haven't bsen home yet, I'm on my way from London. He related his adventures at Moreton House, and [told of the course he bad pur sued in London. Sir Harry listened with in terest. ' You saw MisB Trevethon, of course ?' he said, when Ambrose had finished. 'What view did she tako of the matter?' Ambrose struck the coals a blow with the poker, that sent them sparkling all over tha hearth. 'I did not see Miss Trevethjn,' he an swered almost wrathfully; 'there was no need. I saw her solicitor, and I am Bono with tho whole thiDg.' 6ir Harry smiled Bignificantly, as if a new ihought had struclq&m;, and glanced across ftt Maud, but sho toot no heed, Her thought* wore busy with tho story Ambrose had told her. ' In a mad-house? Mypoor little sister I It surely cannot'be, Ambrose? But I must go to Moreton House, and find out. 1 shall start to- morrow.' 'I'll go with you,' said Ambrose, 'il mother is not too ill.' Sir Harry fidgeted in hfs chair. ' I don't see how she could have got Into a mad- house, Mias Melville,' he said, 'but of course you will want to be sure. But to make such a journey in thiu wretched weather, with such a slender chance of success 1 Let mu go in your stead. I will leave no stono unturned, I assure you.' Maud gave a grateful glance. 'You are very kind, and I than'' you, Sir Harry, but I must go n.yself.'she said. 'And to think, Ambrose, Arthur Mtflcwo marries again on Thursday.' a ? He does?' V 'Yes; Sir Harry c. me to iell rv He. hr.j beeu making inquiries about, p'-r T'abel, but hj' beard nothing, only that l' 'The villain I' cried Amb'-js'1, thp ugh blr! set tcath. ' I told you aU along, Maud, h'i was lying. I wish I had followed my inclination, and throttled him, when I m ,*t him in London that day I Poor Isabel I H-iw soon the wretch forgets her when the is so anxious to marry again, in this brief time. ' 'That's Lady Marlowe's doings,' Sir Harry put in. ' She actually forces him to marry the Lady Bianca, they say. Jt is a strange piece of business altogether. I really don't think ?- ho knows where your sister is, Miss Melville; I 'spoke to him about her, and he seemed to be bewildered. He is not spunil in mind, that's evident, and the must miserable looking fellow— a mere shadow.' '?And hemairies on Thursday, neverthe less, u titled lady,' sneered Ambrose. 'Bah I don't tell me about him 1 A lying, cowardly villain. Let him crosB me again, and I'll settle the account' 'Come and drink your coffee,' said Mand, ' and then you must go.' ' If I Btart for Moreton House to morrow, I have no time to lose.' They drank their coffee, and having bid their fair hostess good night, set forth to gether. 'I shall b--. up again iu the morning, Misa Melville,' said Sir Harry, raising bis hat and standing uucovered in the n bite, whirling anow; ' there may be some service I can do for you. You must bear in mind what a great debt I owe you.' Maud smiled, and her smile was indescrib' ably sweet and winning. ' You owe me nothing, Sir Harry. Good night.' The door of the Fellside farm-house cloBed, and thj two young men journeyed acroBB the moor together. ' Suppose you go on with me ; I can give you comfortable quarters, ' said Ambrose, when they reached the cross-roads leading down to the village. Sir Harry thanked bim, but refused, and they were about to separate, when something caught the eyes of Ambrose — a twinkling light far above. 'Look up yonder,' he cried, 'there's a light in the old manor — there is, by love I' 'So there isl' Sir Harry responded. 'What does it mean t' 'Who can tell? I must go «p and find oat.' ' Not to-nigbt?' ' Yes, to-night. Why nniV, ' Well, one might get throttled by outlaws, or worso, encounter the ghosts.' ' I do not fear either. I'm going, and I bid yon good- night, sir.' 'Not so fast, my friend,' laughed Sir Harry. 'One would think you bad bad enough of that bewitched old house, But have your way, however, if go you will, you must per mit me to accompany yOu.' ' There is no need. I am not afraid.' 'Nor I, and two beads are better than one. We will go together. ' So be it,' said Ambrose, and side by side they left the moors and ascended the bill path toward the Haunted Grange. As they neared the old house the light grew more diBtinct. It gleamed from the window of a chamber that opened upon the Southern terracc. Tbe young men made thair way up the steep ascent, crossed the diBmal hollow, and entered tbe groum's. Sir Harry had pro cured a stout stick which he carried in his right hand. ' We may meet with a warmer welcome than we care to have. At any rate it will do no harm to be prepared for the worst,' he said. Ambrose took no heed, bet. strode straight on across the grounds and up the terrace steps, looking neither to the right nor tho left. The window, half torn from its casement by the high winds, was accessible frorc '.he terrace. Ambrose, reaching it first, swung himself up to a level with the Bill, and looked in. Tho room within was only dimly lighted by a common candle, but on the ruined hearth a fire bnrned, and before it crouched two human figureB, an old man, hiB white beard flowing to hia breast, and a woman — a small, girlish thing, with an infant clasped to her breast. Ambrose could see them distinctly, in the circle of tbe firelight, and while he looked on in wonder and curiosity, the woman's voice nro9e, singing in sweet, tremulous tones', a lullaby to the child. Something in tbe voice went straight to the heart of Ambrose. He gave a sudden start, and tho window-sill gave way. The woman, startled by the aound, tnrned sharply round, and he saw her face. ' Merciful Heaven 1' he oried out, leaping baok to tbe terrace. It is Isabel !' CHAPTER XXIX. A 80EPTBB AT THE MARRIAGE. to-morrow is Thursday, and Arthur's wedding-day,' said Sir Harry, significantly, as they eat around the hearth of the Fellaide i arm house, on the following morning, u I beg your pardon, Mfss Melville, but what ever you decide to do must be done at once : there un't a minute to lose.' Isabel sat in her father's old chair, with her babe ot her breast. She had told tho whole of her sorrowful storv from beginning to end. She had heard of her father's death, of Arthur Marlowe's approaching marriage, but her white, sad face did not change. She did not shed a tear, or utter a word of re. gret ; sho only looked about her with her preat, solemn eyes, and nestled close to , m' ?IasPine the habo to her bosom. ' ThiB is home, and you won't lat them come here and toko my baby from mo Mftuaie r- was all she said. 'Poor little mother 1 her trouble has ?lazed her, said King Lear. ' They all get that way at Moreton House, poor crea tures I' *' are right,' said Ambrose, in reply to Sir Harry s remark ; ' there is no time to lose. What do you say, Maud? Shall Arthur Marlowo's marriage go on or not i 'It shall go on I' she anawered, her i*,°f flaal''K- ' My siBter and her ohild shall go to Marlowe Hall. We will start at once. Isabel, dearest,' she con tinued, turning to her sister, 'you'll go with me, I know. Your child's father shall not cast you oft and marry another woman,' Isabel lifted her solemn eyes, ' I'll do anything you say, Maudie,' she replied, meekly. ' But you'll not let them take my baby ?' 'No, darling; no one shall touoh your .'nlwer^ ?aud- 'My Po»r little siBter I she added, aside. 'See what they have made her I Her mind 1b quite gone I 0 '?mk 1 8h*U let them go un punished?' ' Sir Harry flushed and looked embar rassed. ' No, Miss Melville, not if you have power you can?' 8#'d ' ar0 you sure 'JVhyi 'hat do you mean? Didn't Artnur Marlowe marry my sister ?' 'I beg your pardon, Miss Melville, but we must have tho proofs. There are such tilings as mock marriages, you know.' iif p ?»d.?IBit?diullonor her- I'll have his life for it, said Ambrose. Maud's Olive cheeks grew painfully red, but she turned resolutely to Isablel. ' Isabel, dear, you remember when von were married to Arthur, don't you ?' she asked, gently. ' Isabel looked up, a faint amiie lightinc her sad eyes. ' Oh, yes, Mandio, i remember I Tbe dreariest, stormy day it was, and I was so homesick, and he took me, through ever bo ruany smoky streets, to a great church, with candles on the altar, and music tlmt made rac cry, and there we were married J' 'Uood, little mother; you're not so far yone as I thought,' cried King Lear. » But, love,' continued Maud,' was there no wcdtling-ring, no marriage certificate? Try and think. ' Isabel put her thin hand to her head, a bewildered look in her eyes. After a minute she broke into a little, gleeful sort of laugh. ' °th. I Jemember. How stupid of me to ried °ne mmute' Maudie,' she And putting up her foot on the side of her siaters chair, ahe began to unlaee her boot* ' uJ1 e! W8re t ?.011 Pre'y boots once,' she rambled on, childishly. 'Arthur bought them for me in London. He said I must have^good, stout ones, to walk with him about the grounds. He gave me so many nice things, Arthur did, but Mrs. Latimer took them all, my pretty laceB and jewels. I sa* her wearing my opal bracelet a little while before I ran away I But I've had my revenge I That was a glorious fire, waBn't it, King Lear ? Didn't all the hateful cells blase up I Mrs. Latimer can't lock up tho poor creatures any more, can she ?' 'No, indeed, they all ran away that night,' I'll warrant,' laughed the old man. Maud watched her BiBter curiously as she continued to nnlace her well-worn shoe. ' Go on, Isabel,' she said ; ' what were yon saying about the ehoes ?' The wild fire which bad blazed up in Isa bel's eyes died out, ' I forget so soon,' she said, simply. 'My mind seems to wander. It was tbe marriage certificate I waa talking about, Arthur gavo it to me the same day we were married, just as we were getting ready to go to Marlowe Hall. 'Take good care of it, Isabel,' he said, ' and hide it in a safe placo ; you might need it aome day.' I was putting on my new boots, and I 'ore a little place loose, and slipped it down under the lining, Arthur laughing at mo all the while. It Bta there, and when they locked me up in tho mad-houso I put.my wedding-ring with it j and Mrs. Latimer didn't get them, because she had big feet, and didn't care to take my shoeB ; and here they are yet.' Sho drew forth a plain gold ring, and a slip of folded paper, and put them in Maud's hand. ' What a cunning little mother it is, to be sure,' laughed King Lear, ' Who would have thought it?' Maud looked at tho paper, and then passed it to Sir Ha.'y, ' It is a gonuine certificate,' ho said, when he bad examined it; 'she is Arthur Marlowe's wedded wife.' ' Then hia marriage with another woman shall not go on,' cried Ambrose bounding to his feet. ' Gome, Maud, let ub make ready for tbe journey at at once.' Tbe wedding feast is set, tho wedding guests are assembled ; the bride Bits in her bower with her maids about her, all clad in her bridal finery, the orange blossomB on her brow, her silvery veil floating to her feet. Lady Marlowe, in her Bilk and diamonds, ?wept in. 'Edith, love,' addressing her daughter, who is chief bridesmaid, ' we are quito ready. Bionca, deareBt, how very well you arc looking. Give me a kiss, and we'll go ?down.' Lady Bianca turns with languid grace and holds up her cheek to rcceive the motherly embrace ; and then, rustling and shining like a silver stream, the bridal train swept out, and down stairs. At the church, the bridegroom and his party are to join them. They enter the waiting carriages, and are driven away under the leaden, wintry skies. ' Ah,' sighs Lady Marlowe, under her breath, falling back amid the cushions, ' when this is well over, how exceedingly relieved I shall feel.' Over the frosty, frozen roads, under tho black arches of the clanking trees, they fly along ; and away in the distance, another vehicle, a closed carriage, drawn by two panting horses followed them. The carriages arrive at tbe church, and the bridal party get out. Old Sir Hereford and his son awaits them at the entrance ; tbe son looking older than tbe father, so terribly have the last twelve months cbunged him, Hia face ia colourless, the hair on hia temples arc atreaked with gray, hia eyca have a strange, introverted look, as if ho wore walk ing in a dream. ' Ab, hero you are, Arthur,' called out Lady Marlowe. He gave a slight start, glanced about him wistfully as if looking for something be had no hope of finding, and then advanced to meet them. ' If it must be done the sooner it is over the better,' be muttered, under his breath, as they filed down the isle. They took took their places before tbe altar, and in sonorous tones, the clergyman began tho ceremony. (To bo continued.) Krupp has made over 30,000 guns ot large calibre (or the arroio* of Europe, 