[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXVI. July 29, 9.30 p.m. A LOVELY RENDERING of Gounod's "Nazareth" on the organ kept me in my seat till the last echo died away. Dick had left me, but I found him, as I expected, waiting for me at the door. His greeting was warm and enthusiastic, but I took it for what it was worth, knowing that Nell was the cause of it. Her name trembled on his tongue as soon as 'How d'yo do,' and 'How strange meeting you here!' had been said and answered with a lingering handshake as an accompaniment. Then I told him all he was dying to know, and we walked up Piccadilly and turned into the Green Park for a talk before I took the homely "bus" back to the hospital. It appeared he was a constant fre- quenter of the Theist Church, though not a professed acceptant of the religion it embodied. When I could drag him away from "Nell"—Nell's doings and sayings, her present welfare, her future plans—I made him explain what Theism really meant, and the reason of its existence as a religion, in a sort of alien relationship to the parent church. We had a long and interesting con- versation. Indeed he even accompanied me on the omnibus to the hospital, and took leave of me with evident regret. I promised to see him in my "off" hours, for the next week. It is likely he will be leaving town shortly, with his uncle. Geoffrey Masterman appears to have acquired the true American craze for "rushing" from place to place. He never settles down anywhere for any length of time. I asked him why he didn't write to Nell himself. He allowed he had done so, and sent her his book, but had only had one letter in return. He seemed to think she did not desire to open any correspondence with him. * * * * * * In my own heart I cannot blame the girl, though, to common sense, her conduct seems a little unwise. Dick is such a good fellow—so honest and tender and true—and he loves her so devotedly, but alas! isn't that always the way? The best and truest love rarely finds what Tennyson called its "earthly sequel," unless, indeed, "streaming eyes and broken hearts" be considered in that light. Well, we parted, Dick and I, and I went into my own quarters, and wrote up my diary for the day, and in con- sequence of the time spent in doing so had to undress in the dark, or rather by moonlight, for hospital rules are in- exorable, and fines are a heavy tax on a nurse's pocket. * * * * * * August 6. Save for the usual "cases" in the wards, I have had nothing to chronicle. The heat in London has been intense, and a corresponding amount of sickness, due to drought and reckless living, crowded the fever wards last week. But things are better now. It occurred to me to-day, that it is some time since I had a letter from Nell. I hope nothing is the matter; I feel unusually anxious. I saw Dick Barrymore yesterday. He told me he had written to her a week ago, but had no reply yet. He leaves for Switzer- land to-morrow, with his uncle. I shall miss him very much. We have seen a good deal of each other lately, and I seem to know him better than I did at Glengariff. Dear Glengariff! How lovely it must be there in those cool woods, be- side that lovely murmuring water, among those fairy islands! No wonder I sigh, sitting here in the hot close air, that no ventilation can make breathable. But I must not get discontented. I have put my hand to the plough. There must be no looking back. I am steadily working on for a purpose and ambition of my own. Whether I achieve them or not I at least have the satisfaction of trying my best. 7th, Knockminoss, Youghal. . . . Breathing space at last! The last entry in my diary was written in my own room in the hospital in London. I open it to-night in a brief half-hour of leisure, to continue its history once more here, under the roof of the man I count my bitterest enemy. How has it all come about? Let me be accurate in every detail. Much may one day depend on these notes of mine. The 6th broke cold and wet. It was a bank holiday, and the streets were that dismal look which weather and disgusted pleasure-seekers alone can bestow. I took a look at drenched gowns and dripping umbrellas, and be- draggled skirts and melancholy feathers, as I passed to my morning duties. I had been a brief time in the ward when one of the sisters came to me with a telegram in her hand, 'For you, Sister Gray,' she said. It was such an unusual thing that I took the little brown envelope with some trepidation. I tore it open and read this message: 'Nell very ill. Fever. Fear the worst. Am ill myself; can do nothing more. Come at once; at once. 'MARY LANGRISHE.' I stood there, holding that little bit of paper in my hand like one dazed. Then I muttered some excuse to the sister in charge, and, regardless of rules, fines, everything, I rushed to the matron's room, and poured out my breathless request. With or without permission, I must go at once, that very day, to Ireland. Nell dying. My bright, pretty, merry Nell! I felt sick and broken- hearted as I read those words. I don't know what I said to the matron, but I suppose I made it clear that the message was urgent, and that go I must. The permission was granted. Indeed had it been refused I should have left all the same. I took the 6.30 train from Euston, caught the mail at Kingsbridge next morning; and was in Youghal the same afternoon. I took a car and drove straight to Knockminoss. The man did not drive through the town, but turned round past the other side of the station, and drove along a straight duty road till he reached a hill. He drove up this hill, and on and on for what seemed to me a long time. Then we reached a lodge, and he informed me that I was at my destination. A woman came to the gate; my parched lips tried to frame an inquiry but failed for very terror of what tho answer might he. We drove down an avenue, thickly planted with trees, then came a wide, open space, showing the sea fair and smiling in the distance, and before me was the house as Nell had described it. I sprang from the car and rang the bell. I bade the man put down my small Gladstone bag and modest trunk, and paid him his fare. A servant came forward and stared when she saw me. She was a stupid-looking girl, with untidy black hair rolled about her head, and a not too clean apron over her black dress. 'I am the nurse,' I said. 'I was telegraphed for. Will you take me to Mrs. Langrishe's room?' 'Will ye plaze stop in, miss', she said, opening the door of the dining-room. 'I'll tell the masther, miss. No one is allowed to go near the mistress but himself.' I went into the room and stood by the window, looking out in, an agony of fear and impatience. Presently I heard a step, I turned and saw James Langrishe. His face, as he saw me confronting him, turned perfectly livid. If he had seen a ghost he could not have looked more terrified. 'My God! You! How did you come here?' he gasped. 'Didn't you expect me?' I said. 'Your wife telegraphed for me.' Nell is very ill,' she said. 'I came at once.' 'My wife,' he stammered. 'My wife telegraphed for you? There must be some mistake.' 'Here is the message,' I said, handing him the telegram, which I had kept in my pocket ever since I received it. He read it, and his face grew savage. 'I was not told,' he said. 'I know nothing. I wouldn't have sent for you if I had needed a nurse.' 'Probably not,' I said. 'But it was my friend I came to nurse, not you. How is she?' 'It has turned to typhoid,' he said, sullenly. 'I can't give an opinion yet.' 'And Mrs. Langrishe?' I asked. 'The bad symptoms began yesterday. I suppose she felt ill and wired to you the day before. I knew nothing about it.' 'She never told you!' I said, breath- lessly. 'Haven't ,I said so ? It's devilish odd. I.think she must have gone off her head. She has been very queer. She hasn't slept since Miss Nugent was taken ill.' 'May I go and see them, since I am here?' I said, quietly. 'Of course,' he said, hastily. 'Why not. It's no business of mine. Indeed, it's a great relief to have someone to look after them. I had intended send- ing to Cork for a nurse. The parlour- maid is ill, too—same thing, I'm afraid. People are getting scared. There are a lot of cases in the town.' He spoke in a jerky, nervous way, moving restlessly to and fro at the time. His eyes never met mine. I thought his manner very odd. But perhaps I put it down to some remnant of un- forgotten sentiment. A woman never believes that a man who has once loved her ever quite forgets her! I showed no embarrassment what- ever, though I felt I had come to his house in a very inopportune fashion. I was puzzled to know why his wife should have telegraphed for me without his knowledge. However, I put it down to some urgent request of Nell's, which she had carried out before suc- cumbing to the fever. 'Will you take both cases?' he asked me suddenly. 'Yes,' I said. 'I am used to hard work. I know every stage of this fever. I have nursed scores of cases already. Are they in adjoining rooms?' 'No, that's impossible.' 'It must be managed,' I said. 'Surely you know that.' Miss Nugent is better. She does not need so much care as my wife. Their rooms are divided by a passage.' 'I will see them,' I said, 'and then make my arrangements. Kindly lead the way.' He took me up a broad staircase, which led to a long carpeted corridor. Several doors opened on this corridor. He opened one, and lying on the pillow—a wasted haggard object—was Nell. I stopped by the door to gain composure. I was afraid of disturbing her. She seemed in a state of sleepy exhaustion; her eyes were closed, but she was muttering softly to herself. I went over and studied her atten- tively for a few momonts. The room had been cleared of hang- ings and superfluous furniture. There was the familiar scent of disinfectants everywhere. I touched her hand. It was burning hot. Her head turned restlessly on the pillows. I leant over her and whispered her name. She paid no heed. She kept muttering something over and over again. 'Is it looked up? Oh, is it looked up?' That is what I heard. 'You have attended her entirely your- self?' I asked Dr. Langrishe, as I moved away from the bedside, 'Of course,' he said sharply. 'My colleagues here are not more skilful than I am, and I did not think it neces- sary to have a London physician over.' I passed over the sneer without ob- servation. 'I should like to see your wife next,' I said. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 