MINING. Low-priced W.A. scrips for a flutter: Boulder North Extendeds, Hannan's Central Extendeds and Brown Hill Centrals. Latter has the best chance of a thumping rise ; right in the centre of a fine group of properties. Dargo High Plains Prop, "washed a small amount of dirt for 20oz." No doubt there's gold there, but will they ever get any extent of wash Peacock's friends are joyful at the prospect. Breaks in the cable last week spoilt South Mount Lyells enjoying a stronger market. Negotiations for the sale of several thousand Souths were spoilt by the delay. About March the London crowd may " put up " Souths. Ne.w Morning Star, Woodspoint, promises irnportant developments in a mouth or so Co putting up a rise to catch the extension of the Hope's "Teat reef, and expect 40ft. of crosscutting to pick it up In the lower tunnel the co. has a big body of lowgrade but payable ore ready to break when the battery starts to thud. Lack'of capital is hampering the New Morning Star. An expenditure of .£5000 would put it in a first-class position. Yictor's Quartz lias 150ft. of the lode exposed, and the quality of the stone is declared to be all right. No stoping done yet, all the dirt on the dump coming from the drive. Crowd whispering the battery, when it starts, will tell a 2oz. tale. Punch hopes so. For a lock-up Victors at, say, 4s. can be recommended. ' ' " " ' Becent developments in the Boulder Perseverance are of such an excellent character that Punch expects to see the stock, now selling about 85s., touch £7 or .£8 before the Spring droops. Bull has a daddy show in the Boulder Perseverance. Clear the way for the Maritana: " Have cleaned up crushing of 50 tons for a return of 18oz. Blankettings 'assay lSdwt. and tailings 5dwt. per ton." An average of 7dwt. of free gold'. What nas happened to the lodes that were going to mill many ounces to the ton ? The Maritana looks a dull dog on the aforesaid return, but one can never te'il what a Kalgoorlie mine can do till it is thoroughly prospected. feloaue 'Pointers are very sweet on the Sir John Franklin mine, that will be heard of before many months are out. Already the co. has a great mass of cheap grade stone handy for breaking, and as there is every facility for cheap milling, that dirt should squeeze out profits. A batch of Bendigo miners recently went into this claim. M'Caul's Reward, at Woodspoint, lias a cheerful career it view. Reef, so far, proved for 200ft. by driving, and a rise is up 170ft., carrying good stone all the way. At grass, 300 tons stone, estimated good for 2oz., solely broken in the development work, for the co. has not vet started stoping. Mine equipped with a 32-hea'd mill, which will move as soon as the aerial tramway is finished Apropos, 'Pointers boast the M'Caul crowd will play the shuttlecock biz. with the Melbourne market when the stampers get to work. Shares are so well held that everything is possible for peculiar market operations. S.W. Curtin-Davis' manager reckons he lias •£10,000 worth of ore in sight. Pertinent question : With a small vein how much will it cost to win that ore ? All these Curtiu-Davis estimates are on the bright side; by no chance are scrippers enlightened as to the probable ex.'s in breaking the tonnage However, the railway will reach the field in a couple of monthj, and the public will then have an opportunity to judge by the output of the various shows which are clean in colour. " Billy " Orr, a niejnber of the Knox-Kelly crowd, who once held 10,000 Mount Lyells, and quitted early, has been visiting the West Coast of Tasmania. Punch is glad to see this plucky speculator once more enjoying good health. Orr's block on the Curtin-Davis field, and which adjoins the Central company, is reported to be opening well. About 100 tons of ore, worth a trifle over <£10 per ton, ou the dump. Zeehan experts declare the Silver Bell, a Melbourne-owned co., would pay if developed and managed in the right style. All this means money, and the crowd in the Bell are not over-strong financially. Because a scrip doesn't carry a fair market value stockholders get disheartened and give up the ghost. If you have a decent prospect in mining at all it is far better to give the mine a further show than sacrifice the money you have already put into it. Hope, 406 tons for 107oz. 9dwt. is a fraction better than the previous yield. The Hope is another instance of the folly of not keeping the development work well ahead of the mill. Manager Bailey shortly, expects to get on to what he calls the master lode—the junction of three reefs—and future operations, when the mine is fully opened up, are likely to assume a very profitable air. Tas. par anent the Mt. Lyell Extended, the next of the Crotty Group to float into a <£150,000 co-: "Along the No. 1 level and contained in the rock cleavages native copper is to be found, having been carried in solution in the water usually met in these jointed rocks. A No. 2 tunnel is being driven to crosscut the hematite outcropping in Brown's Gully. Now, in 30ft. through solid hematite .... and as the evidence of an ore body at this point is so very suggestive by reason of the backing previously mentioned, it is reasonable to anticipate that such will be met with by a little further prospecting. " Bake the gold out, hang developing the mine," appears to be the policy pursued at the New Loch Fyne, says a recent visitor. Said to be about eighteen months' stone to stope in the present workings, and it is time the company thought about running in its lower level tunnel. Investors would foe better satisfied with the Loch if the opening up of the mine was handled more vigorously. Besides, the policy of divvying every ha'porth of profit and not creating a reserve for contingencies is one that cannot be commended The New Loch will he a great mine for many years if judiciously and energetically managed. "Charlie" Ipuifman values the ore in sight at the Lake View Consols at .£3,000,000. Machinery for sinking to 1500ft. is under way, and in a very short time it is expected the mill will be increased to a productive capacity of £50,000 worth of bullion, a- month. Jowett, the manager of Menzies Gold Eeefs, was i u Melbourne last week on a holiday. Quite satisfied that Menzies will be one of the "leading W That daisy stamper, Lady Shenton, he. says, has a great quantity of 5oz. stone ready for the mill. • Specimen Hill is a Bendigo mine that lias the div, glitter iu its dirt. Last crushing went a shade over 35dwb. Co. has nearly wiped off its debts, so distributions ou 40,000 shares should not be far off, W A - P av - : " The Qneen Margaret South is °P enin g "P splendidly, the gold in sight being almost as rich as the Queen Margaret itself." All very nice. But what acreage will the South have if divested of the recently-jumped blocks, and seei n £ that the Queen Margaret Central also lias a sliee it s territory? Those jumped blocks, if Vision goes against the South, are likely to be fioated U 1 Melbourne. Hannan's Croesus.- "The lode recently opened U P 111 tlie WBst P 01 'ti° u of the property promises to become important. It is 8ft. to 9ft. wide, which is also tlre wi d th of the Green lode. And the newly- °P eued U P line shows gold freely. It averages ] JlJ tween loz. and 2oz. from wall to wall, wliile the irou stone veins on the walls lun U P to ];>rouuses t° rival the Green lode before long." Th o "Phenomenal" green lode again! When is P 001 ' Croesus to get away from its chameleonitic tints and develop into a respectable mine ? Evi- Gently the crowd running the Croesus have green ^ their eyes. Princess Margarets are commencing to move. A late report states the lode is wearing a promising appearance, dish prospects showing a little fine gold. As thi! Princess gets the full strength of the Queen Margaret lode the former should soon get on to better dirt. Princess shares are well worth^putt.'ng away pending developments. Magdala . -pun, - Moonlight, ^ Stawell, quarter's - damping: 4524 tins for 2153oz. 3dwt. Mrs. Hobbs, and tlle otllGr tw 0 relatives who own this steady n , im . e> dlvl,lod • £2(i0L A snappy income for easychau-mmers ana Scotchman scrippers will receive a l )le asant div.Trom the sale of the tailings. Purchase hold the mine. 5 d ' P er shal ' e > and they still Frederick the Great, Bendigo, puts in another decent milling—l77oz. 3dwts. from 232 loads. Bull must be commencing to rub his hands in anticipation of dividends. Shenandoah, 195 loads for 18oz. 13dwt.! Too awful for words. The deep reef is beginning the ycav b^dl CaUs .V- for more development work b e ;u £ „ btav *f the ^ast has celebrated its 100th call, Nc^ra P lftasant century. „ ^ oodspomt is gradually woiking up for a boom j ; ^efol '° the half-year is out that old-time field s . hould be very fashionable. Arrangements are being made to pour a lump of British cash into the district. Koch's Pioneer may be classed as Bendigo's best div. investment. When the co. intersects the Wmdmill Hill reef shares will experience a big hU l P- Britannia United at the south end of the 940ft. level is opening up a large body of stone showing a little gold. Is the Britannia going to repeat its early '96 tactics ? Good prospects, and then the sickening slump. Brown Hill Junctions, as Punch forecasted,have improved again. This is a Kalgoorlie stock that should have a grand rise this half-year. Again the writer reminds readers of Bouider Centrals—a scrip that will have a great run in the near future. Co. lias only a small capital, and a very promising lease in the best part of the field. Since Punch recommended Centrals the stocks has improved from 8s. to 12s. 6d. The Australian Diamond Mines Proprietary vigorously opening up its Bingara property, and recent developments have put the crowd in very high feather about the prospects. Dead certain that the co. lias the right class of precious stones in its wash, and by the way the mine is coming on a sight of the near future will be A E. Langford, who reconstructed the concern, " doing the Block" as a diamond millionaire. Anyhow, he and several other Melbourne men have a great chance of making a " pot" out of Australian diamonds. South St. Mungos are a Bendigo scrip * 'in" for a rise shortly. Co. now able to effectually get at the reef, whieh yielded well when broken out out for a depth of 45ft. in the winze dropped from the 1260ft. level. ' St. Mungo, the maiden Bendigo 6d. div.-payer for 97\. Promises to be a 2>rofit earner for some time to come, so the stock should be bought for divs. Said that price of explosives is to be reduced. A step that would mean an agreeable saving to mining companies. To some Bendigo co.'s it would at least leave £1500 a year more available for distribution. North Prentice Extended has got on to its feet again. The crowd smelleth the Rutherglen boom. Froiii Malmsbury: " At the O'Connor's Freehold, in sinking a winze from the 600ft. level } stone has been met with of considerable richness equal to anvthini>- seen in its best days, and from all appearance of a permanent character, and of H to 11 inches in thickness." All frotli! Even Jjctting that when the stow strikes the mill it wi]] not pan over the ounce. Berry Consols Extended moving up : last week's vieW 111 on. 3<hlwt. bi'injr the best to date. Time not- far off whe'i the Extended will lip turning out 200 JZ. a week. PUNCH'S prediction that the scrip was in for a thumping rise hit the red pluiub, prices in a couple of months jumping from 42s. to 05,s. Spring Hill LKKIB, another of the writer's fancies, are strengthening iu sympathy, and Kingston and Ullinas are wanted. Many months ago this paper drew attention to the fine prospect before the Kingston claim, for in it the inside alluvial people expect the Berry and Hepburn leads to junction. Ki ngstons are an excellent purchase at anything under say 3s. PUNCH'S "straight griffin : Berry Consols Extendeds to see J£5./ With Extendeds at that gure Spring 11 ids /will not he l'ar short of f>0s. Hold talk, but i' Extendeds arc worth 05s. on HX) to llloz. yields, 4hat price, the scrip when the weekly output ranges between 200 and 3U0oz., and dive. are assured :' Chalk's 1 puts out its best report to date : "Wyatts rise. Prospects from deep ground fair and good samples of gold. . . S.E. drive now in level country carrying good payable, wash. . . struck payable wash in .N.E. intermediate on No. 1 rise in north reef drive.' Everything favours Chalk's seeing 30s, again. Broker Alfred Clarke snapped up the couple of thousand Oceana Proprietarys auctioned the other day. Prices ranged from Is. lOd. to 2s., whereat those present chaffed, him that he was paying too much for the scrip. Writer thinks that Alfred had a hit np his sleeve, considering the prospects of the property are really good, and that the necessary machinery is well on the way to completion. Whispered that Hercules are in for a rattling rise before many weeks go by. "Good for M" certain people are telling their friends. PUNCH hopes the tip comes off. Unless it is an English sale it is difficult to see what else is gotng to put the stock up. Grey Horse, Ballarat, milled a sliade' over fldwt. for the quarter ending September, and about 4.J d.wt. for the succeeding three months. Working ex.'s, 3dwt., so the Glesgae folks are handling a small but agreeable profit. Economical management of that sort- a.pj>lied to several other Ballarat shows would turn them from sanguinary callbleeders into div. properties. Comets stiffening again. Concentrating plant will, barring unavoidable delays, get a jig on next, month, lumce serippers may look for a steady increase in the co.'s revenue. Mine prospects are first iate, and PUNCH expects to see a substantial rise in the share,s. At ruling rate:-; the stock for a market flutter. B.li. South has cut the Central lode in the (100ft. level, and as this development, if right awav to the west of the co.'s other workings it opens up a daisy prospect for the much-kicked South. New lode assays 40per cent, lead and 14 percent, silver, an appreciable jump in grade on the 30 to 3o per cent, lead and 5 to C per cent, silver ore at present being mined. With a great acreage in the West yet to dissect, the importance of this late strike to the South is obvious. 'Die directors, with plenty of funds at hand, intend to put some vigour into the opening-out of the mine, and therefore the present year should see more activity at the southern end of the Hill. PUNCH still thinks Souths good buying, and feels like risking its immortal life tliat the stock will be well in the shadow of the .£1 before many weeks are over. North Johnsons the sort of Bendigo gamble t° get into right away. Co. will shortly commence crosscutting at 2225ft. for the formation cut in the winze 200ft. below the 1945ft. level, and expects to get the east leg in 30ft. by driving. Prospects for a rise are decidedly good. The many friends of Captain Paul, manager of the North Broken, will regret to hear he is not revelling in the best of health. His directors wish him to sample the Tasmanian climate for a month or so in the hopes that a really good holiday will pull him round Black.Horses are simmeriug for a stunning "buck." Apart from the fact that the mine is improving, the company owns a tremendous quantity of tailings, something over lvalf-a-million tons, and a cyanide crowd is nibbling for a purchase. Should the sale come off it woutd put a huge lump of cash into the Black Horse coffers, and mean several pounds in divs. for serippers. For speculators who appreciate a daisy gamble Black Horses are just the pea. New Mining Issues. HA VINO a splendid position on the Queen Margaret line of lode, and with large quantities of payable ore in sight, the prompt flotation of the Melbourne United at Bulong into a company of 80,000 £1 shares was assured, 32,000 shares at 10B. each being placed. Two experts of excellent repute, Mr. '1'. Hewitson, the manager of the Ivauhoe, and Mr. Fred Simpson, of the Queen Margaret, express a highly favourable opinion as to the value of the property. Mr. Simpson refers to the Melbourne United's 30 feet eastern lode bearing the same characteristics as the rich formation in the Queen Margaret, and from the samplings he made he estimates the dirt good to mill 3.Joz. A perusal of his report will show how well the property is developed, and he concludes by remarking, " I have no. hesitation in stating that, given systematic and careful management, the mine will in the near future be classed among the dividend payers of this colony." Mr. Hewitson remarks that it is a promising property, and his tests show an average of 2,loz. These opinions are sufficient to commend the Melbourne United to speculators, and those who wtre fortunate enough to participate in the share allotment will, PUNCH anticipates, soon see these shares at a substantial premium, and that it will be a favourite market stock we have no doubt. Mr. Agar Wynne, M.L.C., Mr. H. H. Drysdale and Mr. A. Campbell are the provisional directorate, Messrs. Tolhurst, Keast and Ciumning the brokers who floated the co., and Mr. J. L. Wharton, the legal manager. THE prospectus of the Victoria United Gold Mining Company deals with a promising and not over-capitalised property situated a few miles S.W. of Kalgoorlie, W.A. According to the expert reports furnished, developments have disclosed an immense | gold-bearing formation, " to extend a length of 1100ft. through the two leases with, a varying width of from 300 to 400ft." Mr. James Speaks of the gold impregnating the whole of 1 quartzite formation, as ascertained by c]oi]_Vj: and he savs the large quartz leaders disti^ point to the existence of a reef. He assumes tha, are 40t>s000 tons of auriferous rock within 3(fU the surface waiting to be milled, and the samples dollied be believes it worf average over an ounce to the ton. Tho niit can be worked on the economical open-cut systi and treated at Noi+.hani at fit's, a ton. On 1 Brisbane, the adjoining mine, good gold recently been strnck. The capital is lixn<] Jt'24-,00U in 48,000 10s. shares, of wjiieh 2j-.000 ; 2s. each are offered to the public. Messrs. g. j Bagiey and Co. are the Melbourne brokers, aj Mr. Capper Moore the legal manager (pro hm.i 