SA BAUBER-CHAIREEPISODE His wife bad told him that he needed it badly; and, ater thinking it over for a week he decided to have his hair cut.: IIs had been sitting' in te barbet-chaie for tbe last half-hour. All' thos little attentions for which barbers bav bcoonie noted had been showered upon him with lavish hand and tire. less tongue. The barber l.id l own his :isesorr SA deep drawn sigh of ineffable relief ppeered 'to coma up out of the innermost upholstering of the chair, for the little man fancied the ordeal was nearing its end. Then. through half-closed lids. he sew Ihe barber arm himself with a long haired brush. Memories of the past were wafted back to himr: and, shutting his eyes, be groaned aloud and rllluddered. " I'umalntm un your hair, air ? inquired the barber in bis oilest tone as he jsbbed the long-haired implement of tourture down the little man's bh.k, and wriggled it around in a mmanner partirularly enasperating. " No, sir ; I never sa.lthe stuff ! " snapped the sietim, with a look pr disgust. " A shave, sir P " suggested the barber in an. of.hanld way, as he slammed a greasy hand familiarly over the litt'e man's mouth, and pro. cetded to pat Lis face affsctiollatly with a aloppy towel. S'No. sir; thqpk hetreibse l share myself " 'ramo the'repl in a voicr trembling with in. "dilination. '' ' . . . l " hampoo P." continued "the barber, with dogged persr vcrance, as hi mnulled tip the little man's head in a hot towel.; N "o-no, Uod ,orbidl " .came the half. smothered answer. . . . S" Or sea-foamn sir P," went on the persialept !barber, as be fondled the throbbing head. Sbetween his clammyh.bnds " No, no Nothing! " gurgled a faint voice, in reply. " You'll want a bith, sir P "exclaimed the barber, after a lapse of.a few momrite, in a :brilsk, husines-like lone, as though he were :commencing all over again. S" No, sir, won't. , I're a bath iL my own house," quickly rejoined the little man, shaking himself defiantly and pulling like a donkey. engine. . - " Shoe-shine P " lasnonically suggested the barber. " No. no ! I alline my own shoes, always " fairly shrieked the little man ttatily, as he wriggled to get free. ,,,.Before you go, nr,'i.;'ofty whispered the barber in confldential.tand eruasive tone, as he combed ita little man's hair in a manner that was alntit'tindter i' 1 would like to sell you a bottle' of my pltent liatirrestorative. '-Your hair; sir, is coming out bp the handful. " I.know it is ! " shouted the little man glee fully, " and I'm glad of it. I've been using Jink's Hair Remover forthe past five years, and I hope soon, sir, to have no need of your services whatever." "Yes sir," answered the barber n a dreamy, meehanlicl way, as he released the victim from his clutches. " N.-e.e-xt " AMERICAN ELOQUENCE.. A man on his trial. for murder, in New York, was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent speech: Gtuatleieu cf lthe jury, " Thou shalt not kill.' Now, if you hang my client, you trans giess the command as slick as grease, and as p,uilmp an a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentleman, murder is .mnurcer, wLether cam mitterd by tweilv jurymen or an bumble indir idual like my cliLnt, Gentlemen, I do not deny tlh. lactof my client bahing killel a man. No .such thing, gentlemeu. You may bring the prisuner i . guilty, the hangman may do his duty --btt will that nxcuse you P No o in that 'ras yot will be murderrs. Who' a.mong yo? . is propired for'the braod of Cain to be stamped on his brow to- day ?-who, freemen ?-who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my own nord not one of you has bowio knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odorifer)us with the fames of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of n ctitude in the pipe of a peaceful ouonic ce ; but hubg mny un fortunate client and the scaly alligators of re morse will gallop throigh the internal principles of our animal viscera until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical c3nstruction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemenl I djure you, by the manumltted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of tue ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do'no murder, I adjure you by the American Eaqgle, that. whipped the univerial gamocock of cra tion, and is now ronsittg in tUl,. magnetic tole graph of time's illist iou. transmigration, to do no murder ! 'And, lastly, ifwyou ever expect fr e' diogs' .ot tn.bark'at you', if "yu 'e~er e-h pect to wear boots madieof the free hide of thbi Itooky lountain buffalo, and, to sum'up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking law-flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity,.whittled'down into indiatinctibility, sacquit my client, aod asve your country. The prisoner was acquilted. 