A WILD BIDS* , What yon say is quite true, sir, that a man oughtn't to be frightened at anything; but do you know, I've got to think that tbe bravest mu of all is the one that is frightened and don't show it. You see there ain't many mes that are what you'd call "brave all round.* I've seen a fellow that would have run any man through as soon as he looked at him, almost jump ont of his chin when he trod apod a little bit of a snake. \- There's myself, for instance. I'ma soldier, •nd an old one, too. I've got the Kandahar medal, as ycu see, and eno or two other thing* as well; and I think I may HT, without bragging. that I'm not more given to be feared than other folks. Well, I myself once got as b&i; a fright as ever any man got yet, and what's mere, it happened not ten tulles from where we're standing now, and not more'n six months ago. How was that ? says you. Well, that's just what I'm a-going to tell you. Our old colonel—I won't speak ill of thp poor old chap, for he died only t'other day—but be n s one that you'd got tu be precious careful with, I can tell you.- Whatever he had to do, he'd have it done his own way, or he'd send everything flying, and, like a good many officer* who've been a long time out here, he'd got so used 1o ordering the black fellows about, that at last he got to do it with all that came near him, black or white. Col. Hedley his name was, but, from his slap-dash way, we used to call bim " Col. Headlong." Well, sir, you've been up the Bolan Pass, m of course you know that little branch lire that they're making fro a. Sibi to Fir Chowki, at the mouth of the pass, to help carry st:-rcs and troops up and down. Tes, to be sure, 1 remember, jou were saying that you'd been at the opening of a bridge on it juat the othrr day Well, before that bridge was built, there was a sort of make-shift across the channel of the river; end as for the line itself, thouch it wasn't regularly " opened " (and isn't yet, for that matter) it could carry a train at a pinch, all the eighteen miles whenever there were a few companies of soldiers or a few waggon-loids of stores that wauted to be sent along in a Lurry. Now it happened by bad luck that when we came doirn from Qactia fcur months ago, with the old colonel at our head, the engine driver on this Fir Chowki line was a Frenchman, wfiote name was Peter Tronehet. He was qu'te as high-handed a fellow in bis way as our colonel himself, and when he did pet in a tantrum, cart roj>es wouldn't hold him. They ray he'd lost his last berth all along of wanting to fight a duel with the superintendent; but I don't know how that would have been, though it's just the sort of thing be would do, too. Well, cf course, wc all knew. tiicugh we little dreamed what was to come of it, that when two such peppery ones as the colonel and (bis Frenchman met there was bound to be a pretty good row, and so it turned out, sure enough. When we got down to the railway at Pir Chowki, where a special train was waiting to take us on to Sibi, the old colonci was as crors ES two sticks. He'd bad a good, sharp twinge of g.ut, for cn<\- thirg. and riding over that great plain ?r<.m tkc mouth of the Pass to Fir Chowki didn't sweeten his temper much, splashing through tivers and stumbling amorg big stones evt ry soinutc. Then, again, the trgine-drivet had been out in the suo all morning, and you know bow suappish that makes a man heie. ^o, when Col. Hedley came bolloring and bullying along and commenced to rough hiua up, the Preuchmnn faced about and answered him back quite saucily. You frhuuld just have eem tbe old colonel't; face. It turned as red as his coat, and for a ] minute I almost thought he'd got iuto a fit. 1 Then he jumped forward and shook his fist in j the Frenchman's eyes and roared out: " Held your tongue, you impudent dog, or 1 HI put you under arrest! Go to your work, ] will you ? And mind, no nonsense about j couplings being loose and wheels shaky as an excuse for stopping half way. If you halt so much as half a second between this and Sibi I'll break every bone in your dirty French skin •" 1 was standing dose to the colonel as be spoke, and 1 saw the Frcnchman : s face hardet all at once, lil^c melted lead wLen you throw it into cold water. Then he said, very quietly, but just as if be wis biting every word short oS • Veree good, Monsieur le Colonel; you shall be satisfied!" And away he went to bis engine without another word. But there w«s the wickedest look in bis eye that I ever saw yet, and it made me feel qu.-er just for a moment, although 1 hadn't a ghost of sn idea (as indeed how should I ?) what he wasVeally np to. Well, sir, we all got and twgiu to make ourselves ->nug, expecting to be nearly a couple ol hours on tLe road, for it was over eighteen milec to Sili, and the line being only a makeshift one then, there was a notice up forbidding auj driver to tun his train more than ten miles an hour. The train backed a bit to get a fair start, and away we went. I don't think any of us noticed anything ont of the way—I didn't, at any rate—for tbe first minute or two ; bat all at once my rear-rank man. Bob Barton, sings out: " Well, if this ain't miTe'n ten miles an hour, I'm a Dutchman P He'd hardly spoken when tbe train gave a lurch that shook us all together like apples in a bag, and then another toward the other side, and tbeu—talk of fling! Fling was nothing to it—'twas more like being fired out of a gnn. The very air seemed to whiz past us, and all at once we heard tbe Colonel yell out from hit window: " Slacken speed, you rascal! Do you want to kill us nil ?" The Frenchman answered only with a horrid, screaming laugh; and now we began to get scared in earnest, for we took in the whole thing for tbe first time. There we were, running more than a mile a minute over an unsafe line, with all our lives at the mercy of a man who was neatly u mad as be could be. The first bridge was already in eight, and the fellows working-on it scattered every way when they saw us coming, screeching like anything. I heard the bridge crack as we flew over it, and felt it give; and how we ever escaped I cau't think yet. "Boys!" cried Bob Barton, springing up, " I won't sit stall and let that lubber murder us all. It's bis life or ours now. Here goes!" He made for the door as he spoke, and would have been cut upon the footboard in another moment, when we clutched bim and dragged him back; for with tbe pace we were going, and the way the train rocked, it would have been certain death to try it. Over the second bridge we shot like lightuing and went flying round the last curve towards Sibi. Just then I saw something that brought my heart into my mouth—a stone lying on the line ahead of as, tug enough to wreck the whole train. » Then I thought all was over. I just mattered " Qod have mercy on us!" and shut my eyes. But I opened 'em again next moment just is time to see the stone (tipped over, I fancy, ty the shaking of tbe rails, which wefe rather loose at the spot) toll off just as we cams up to it. Presently, after that (whether it was s minute or an hour after, I could never tell) 1 caught a gHmse of a platform covered witi people shouting and running about; and then we began to slacken speed, and at last stopped altogether. Then I drew as long a breath as if Td just come np from the bottom of the aea. We'd rtm half a mile past the BIW station before we coold pull up, and I heard afterward that we did the eighteen miles in ten minutes. When the colonel got <-nt tt made me fairly start to look at bim. He tottered so be could hardly stand, and Ins face was all drawn sad fitcfaed like the face of a corpse. I don't think it waa altogether his own danger that upset bim CO (although I'm sure it well ought), bat U» thought that one hasty word of bis bad nearly "cost tbe lives of all the men ando^is i&sqce; W enough to » A. for Master ftendtoan, be got oft ana bolted the minute the train stopped. It was km&v; for ton be did, for he wouldn't have bstn mrsafo among M «bea | a»tt««e «AOM1. * «Tiotoiw to himwM a bit, towed to hang bun Uifc Ml kba tea thousand tapeea. train fas I dual WW* fc® •"•r? V- - » wastogiva Qu fixeelrate of speed. But, ot course, be hid to leave ttie country, and I wasn't sorry foi one; for, rather than be on the train with him again, Pd tramp all the way from here to Calcutta. 