THE TURF. fBr Veko.1 The Summer Meeting of Rockhampton Tattersall's Club will take place on Friday and Saturday next, the 12th and 13th instant. Judging by the fairly liberal nominations for all events, and the class of bones entered, the racing onght to be as good as anything seen in Rockhampton for some time. The handicapping in one or two instances has not been quite so equitable as it might hare been, but in;the majority of cases the horses have been well placed, and a huge nnmber of acceptors may be looked for. Of conne the success of the meeting depends in a great measure on the weather, and all that can be said at present with regard to that, is that it is comparatively cool and pleasant for the time of the year. It may be hoped it will remain so till the gathering is over. The enterprise of toe Charters Towers Jockey Club in issuing a programme with added money amounting to £3000 for their annual meeting on the 24th and 25th of Jnne, is almost eoough to take one's breath away. It is £500 in excess of the largest amount ever given by the dnb, which is a big jamp to make. The programme is not yet pre pared, bat it is expected the two principal races ? the Towers Handicap and MUlchester Handicap— will be for £600 and £500 respec tively. A weight- for-age race of the value of £250 is a most liberal prize, and the expecta tion that no race will have lees than £175 attached in added money will be good news to horse-owners far and wide. The Longreach Jockey Club committee hsve issued their Show Meeting programme for Friday and Saturday, the 9th and 10th of April. As already announced the prize money amonnts to the £600, which has enabled the committee to arrange a very liberal programme, the added money being thus divided :— First Day : Handicap Hurdle Race of £35, -l.'.mile and 3 furlongs ; Trial Stakes of £30, 6 furlongs ; Show Handicap of £50, 6 furlongs ; Maiden Plate of £20 (for eraasfeds), 5 furlongs ; Corinthian Handicap of £35, 1 mile ; Easter Handicap of £100. 1} mile ,- Ladies' Gift (first prize £20, second £10), 7 furlongs, for grasafeda. Second Day : Station Handicap of £30, 5 furlongs (for grassfeds) ; April Handicap of £50, 5 fur longs ; Ladies' Mile, for prizes of £25, £10, and £5 ; Autumn Handicap of £90, 1} mile ; Disposal Stakes of £25, 7 furlongs ; Grassfed Farewell Handicap of £20, 6 furlongs ; Fare well Handicap of £45, 1 mile. Horses for gXPBsfed races most be delivered to rbe Secretary, Mr. Francis Cory, before 5 p.m. Hurdles, Show, Easter, and Autumn Handi caps are due at 8 p.m. on the 13th of March. I am pleased to note that the Ilfracombe Jockey Club made a profit of about £30 over their recent meeting. ?ome of the Sydney sport ing writers in their haste 10 decry Queensland horecs, declared the uiit-al fa lure of Battalion, and the want of form of Archie's laughter, indi cated a comparatively pour quality of horses in this co!ony. It U true Battalion failed at ihe Sydney Turf Club Anniversary Meeting, bat there might have been many ? reasons for Roaehill, on Saturday last, however, thepoin «ru quite set at rest, for Battalion, carrying Sat. 121b., won pretty comfortably from The Trier (8st. 81b.) in 2-24$. for the mile and three furlongs. Now we are told the horse is the best seea from Queensland for a long time. The weights for the two chief races to be run at the Eockhampton Tattersall's Meeting on the 12th and 13th of February, have been issued. As the horses have been nominated from various parts of the colony, and several of them have never previously met, the task of arranging the weights equitably was not easy. The handicapper has started, I think, rather too high, for it has been proven time and again that owners like a ' flattering ' handicap, and when Bach a work is started above ten Btoae. there is certainly nothing fluttering about it. In both races First Demon is placed with lOst. 21b., 16 Ib. more than Tasman in the longer race, and 2 lb. above Fred in the shorter event. I wonld much rather have seen Demon with (say) 9 st. 11 lb. in the February Handi cap, which would have been nearer his superiority to Tasman, and level with Fred in the shorter event. In fact I am not sure that Fred is not a better performer than Demon, particularly over less than a mile and i-quarter. Tasman. War Qneen, Comet, Happy Bay, Buckingham, and Roy, appear to be admirably placed relatively, and should all be acceptors. Teaterman (7 at. 91b. and ' 7 Bt. 11 lb.) u & four-year-old by Testator from a Grandmaster mare and may be a good one, or the reverse. He is in at a stone below weight for age, which is quite enough con cession to make him. Captive has naught to complain of, and Nellie North, a fouryear old m&re; by King of the Noith— Nellie, is leniently treated with only 7sL 31b. At Barcaldine on New Year's Day, in the New Year's Handicap, she carried 7 fit. 8 lb. (5 lb. overweight), led all the way, ?and won comfortably from Lnckatone (9 sL 8 lb.), in 148J. This reads like a very fine performance, and is enhanced by the fact that ehe previously ran a good second to Roy in the Midsummer Handicap, the mile and a -quarter occupying 2'18}. The lately -named Winchester, by Martini-Henry from Melaine, is an untried three^ye&r-old.; Like Testennan he has been reduced a stone from his weipht for-age in the longer race, but why he has gone up 4 Ib. in the shorter race, while Tester man has only risen 2 lb., is a problem 1 cannot unravel. Matrix. I know nothing of, and Wild Rose has done nothing to speak of. Waiter won a race in tie west recently, and is in light enough to win again here if nothing but weight interferes. Though I think the handicap would be improved in the manner J have suggested, others may think differently, and it is quite certain the winners are by no means easily picked. Had I to name the half-dozen most likely to win the double, it would be Tasman, War Queen, Comet, Buck ingham, Roy, and Nellie North, with a chance for Fred in the Grandstand Handicap. t have purposely omitted Testerman and Winchester as they have never appeared in public The acceptances are dne on the 5th of February. The weights for the minor handicaps were declared en Tuesday, and on the whole are regarded as pretty satisfactory. The Lawn Stakes, six furlongs, comes first, die Brisbane mare Sybil (9st ILLb.) heading the list. Sybil has been a pretty good performer, chiefly in second-rate company about Bris bane, bnt she will have to be very good indeed to give Tasman 61b. One of her latest performances was at the Anniversary Meeting at Albion Park, where, carrying Set 61b., Bbe ran second to Peeress (Set. 71b.) in the Anniversary Handicap, being beaten by a length, in 1*471- Peeress's form is clear, for in a previous race, with 8 st. 7 lb. on her back, she ran second to Archie's Daughter (11 at.), the five furlongs occupying 1'5J, and the winner cantering home easily four lengths in front. Taking a line through Veeress, a em&ller; weight would not have given Sybil too good a chance. Tasman (9 st. 51b.) is nicely placed, and will he one of the dangerous ones. Molly (9st. 41b.) has been winning in the west lately, and it is hard to say how good she may be. At Barcaldine this year she won the Lightning Handicap carrying Set. 121b, pretty comfortably from Lncketone (9eL 101b.), the four furlongs being timed at 51Jeec, which will take some beating. Lady Coventry (8 at. 71b.) b brilliant at times, but Oracle (7 St. 121b.) reads much better, and if well will be hard to beat. Scandal (7st. 111b.) appears about right. Mailtrain I know nothing about, but Leroy (7 at. 71b.) may have something to say in the disposal of the race. Of the others the two- year-old St. Wlnnoch (7et.), though placed at weight-for-age, reada far the best. Id the Corinthian Handicap, I1 red 12a. 71b.) first meets the eye, conceding 15 lb. to Buckingham, and to Roy 5 lb. more. I prefer Fred to any of those below him. The Visitors' Plate starts with Molly (9sL 91b.), and I fancy the winner is fairly well con cealed. Welcome (Set. 41b.) an untried mare, is 7 Ib. below weight-for-age, which caps non- performers were reduced a Btone reason why the same concession should not have been made in this race. Acceptances are dne on the 8th instant. At the annual meeting of the members of Brisbane TattoxsaU's Club on the 29rh of January, the chairman, Mr. J. Greaves said that it was gratifying to note the satis factory manner in which the club had been m±na.(jed during ibe past twelve months and the success which had been attained. The club was non- fairly on its feet Bg∈, and i here was every prospect, with ordinary good fottune, that the institution would soon be in a position like that which it occupied a few years ago. The report stated that at the end of the previous vear the credit balance Has 150 114. Id.; since which time the c'ub had held t'iree race meetings, all of them success ful, jriving away prize money to the amount of £555, and finished the year uitb a credit balance of £149 Is. lid., after liquidating the whole of the liabilities and writing off £74 19s. 6d. from the dnb property, and expend ing a Bum of £47 5a. 6d. in renovating the rooms, furniture, &c; A warm vote of thanks was passed to the Secretary, Mr. Alexander Reid, for the capable manner in which he had carried out his duties during the past two years. Last year, it will be remembered, Mr. J. Greaves defeated Mr. W. Fly Da for the position of vice-president. Members appar ently are fond of a change, for on this occa sion Mr. C Morris was a candidate for the position, and defeated Mr. Greaves by thirty three votes to fifteen. Mr. Flynn was not a candidate either for the vice-presidency or 'Rattler' writes in the Courier:— The well-known racing mare Sybil, by Archie— Laurel, changed hands on the 29th of January, Mr. J. Scully having sold her to Mr. J. Donellan, of Rockhampton, for eighty guineas. The Brisbane Sportsman saye;— The well known Northern lightweight jockey, W. H. Smith, who has been in Brisbane for the last month on a holiday, has accepted an engage ment in Foulsham's stable at Caulfield. Mel bourne, where he intends stayiDg for some Two recent arrivals from Queensland— Black Harry and Sid— are now in training at Remington, to which place Babel has also been transferred. An exchange says .—The North Queensland horse Merloolas is related to Vanitae, bid dam being a half-sister to the latter. Merloolas is by St. Swithin, dam by Kingsborough from Vain Glory, by Maribyrnong or Beauclerc (the Utter a brother to Grand Flaneur) from Vanity (imp.), by Orest from Beggar Maid* by Beadsman from Lady Wentworth, by St. (ftihung from Lady Ana, by Touchstone. SL Swithin, the ore of Merloolas, is by Cadog&n; (imp.), from Malice, a full sister to Lnrline. The Goldsbrough horse Brockleigh is eaid to have broken down, and retired permanently from the turf. When the demonstration against Ilium was at its height at Caulfield, says ?* Javelin,' a feminine voice in the grandstand vehemently exclaimed, 'Serve them right, Ton sick of hearing the Millers and the Millers drummed into my ears as such wonderful straight runners. I always said they were no different from anybody else!' The lady had drawn Raak in a sweep, aud seeing her running last —a position to which the Btart had hopelessly consigned her — arrived at the soothing con clusion that the public demonstration was against Mr. Miller's filly, whose misfortune at the barrier bad cost her half-a-crowu. The Maryborough Jockey Club intends holding a race meeting on SL Patrick's Day, when six events of * total value of £80 will be run oflfL The principal event wfli be the St. Patrick's Day Handicap of £25, 9 furlongs. The Australian horse Ebor, by Robert the Devil, carried 12 sL in the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, two miles, von by him at the Nottingham December Meeting, Commenting on the race, the London Sports man Bays .—'Now followed the chief event, the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, which brought out an excellent field, no fewer than fourteen runners taking part. The race consequently had a very open appear ance, and as soon as the betting had settled down Ebor was a decided favourite, the chief danger being feared from another Sussex trained one, Greenhill, who was a very strong paddock tip. Whatever chance Greenhill had was early extinguished, as he whipped round as soon as the nag fell aud lost so much ground that although sent on again it was impossible for him to make it op. Ebor soon proved that he is as much at home over fences as hurdles, and in the first half-mile he made the pace so hot that he had the bulk of the field settled before half the journey had been completed; in fact, as they entered the straight the ooly one with a ghost of a chance against the New Zealander was Idalus. The latter was goinp exceedingly well, but after jumping the last fence he fell in the next two strides, and Ebor was then left to canter home When the mail left, George Barrett, the celebrated English jockey, was in a, dying condition! According to a return published by a London Bporting paper, the total amount of stakes woo by racehorses daring 1896 in England (exclusive of matches aud private sweepstakes) was £453,156, in Scotland £11,556, and in Ireland £21,219. In the three countries, during the fame period, there were run 819 races, over a distance between five and six furlongs, 232 between six furlongs and a mile, 514 of a mile, 223 between one mile and two miles, 55 between two miles and three miles, 7 between three miles and four miles, and 3 of four miles. Daring the past season twenty-rhree English-bred horses won Bixty-seven races on the American turf, their winnings amount ing to £21,294, Late advices from New Zealand state that the Christchnrch Racing Club sned a number of bookmakers for trespassing on and refusing to leave the New Brighton racecourse when warned by the officials. All the cases heard were dismissed, and one was adjourned. The coats against the dab amounted to thirteen American starters are said to be noted for their free use of strong language u- jockey* when at the post, and the difference in this respect in England eeeme to Lave pleasantly surprised Reiff, who visited the old country with the Duke- Wis hard combination. In a chat with an interview he expressed himself as follows on the subject :— ' What especially delighted me was the different state of affair* that prevailed at the post. You could have knocked uie off my horse wiih a feather when Mr. Arlhqr Coventry eaid * Won't you please go luck th'.re?' There was uo s« earing or abusive language, and everything went as smoothly and as pleasantly as possible. The consequence is that ail the jockeys are anxious, to help the starter to the best of their ability. It is a capital thing also that jockeys are not expected to Jlog their horses ont when they are beaten.' The London Referee turf writer says he is tired of the hearing of the wonderful horses that existed in the bygone years, and indulges in the following remarks on the subject : ? ** I am quite satisfied that our horses are, take them year in and year oat, better, and able to do better thingB at any distance, than their ancestral champions, who run four tnile beats at a walk for the greater part of the way. Has the science of training, based as it is for the most part on veterinary knowledge — has that stood all this while? 1 reckon not. Are oar gallops faster and easier going than they used to be? I guess they are, for nowadays most of our tracks are on private or semi-private grounds, and are or ooght to be, better tended- Has oar breed of thoroughbreds improved or de teriorated? There I shall, I know invite a challenge if I will stand on the ques tion of-staying. I say it has improved. Vear by year we are dosed with lamentations founded on our breeding non-stayers, training for short instead of long distance races and so producing a line of brilliant sprinters, who wonld be out of it with old-timers could these be brought back to life and sport and so pitted against the present generation. Now I do not say that a horse trained— I mean educated from his youth upwards— to go no more than a mile would beat one of equal calibre whose managers laid themselves out (and him) to win on long journeys ; that is a. mere question of schooling. But I do moat seriously believe that oar good mileand a-half horses could take on the mighty warriors of the, to me, dark ages and do them over any distance. ' The following is sen. me (' Woomera,' in the Australasian) as a report of a conversation which took place between a clergyman travelling on home mission work and a bnsh inan when they met one day in the far west. As my readers have very justly formed a high estimate of the truth of my statements, I don't wish to imperil my reputation by guarantying the absolute accuracy of the report. Parson : ' Good day, my man. It's very hot to-day, is it not ?' Bushman : *' It's been blanky hot for the last month, if you ask me anything about it.' ' I regretto bear you swear. It's a vulgar and wicked practice.' 'Oh, I've heard a parson swe&r.;** '* Indeed ! yon sur prise and p»-in me.' 'It was in a police court when a bloke was brought up for robbing a church.** 'Ob, that is different. There are two kinds of swearing, you know.' 'Rather! Why there's forty kinds that I know myself. Fm a bullock driver.' '* Have yon come far this . morning ?' ' No. I've just come up from Walker's pub. They had races on there yesterday, and I gave this moke a cat.' ' Poor brute ! Was it a bad cut ?' ' Oh no. quite square. They were all jiggers, but this old chap had too much toe for them and waltzed in, and I scooped the rhino. As we were coming round the home tarn one bloke got the needle because I wouldn't let him get np on the inside. * Strike me bandy/ he says. * I'll crawl up your neck when the race is over ;' Imt, Lord, he wasn't came. I could polish ^m off in one act. My blanky troubles about him. He had a cliner there, too, and she got the spike with me as well for not letting him win the race.' *'I fear I do not quite under stand all the terms you- use. Bat I gather that yon have been racing, and that is a most demoralising practice, and if persisted in leads to the wont results.' ' You're quite right there, governor, and I never let my moke go unless Fve got a pretty sure thing on. He's a bit of a take down. Of course, I often ran a bye, but I never let him race unless he's a dead bird. There's nothing more demoralion', as yon says, thft-ti lettin' a moke go every time.' 'I am afraid we are at cross purposes. I am very thirsty. Could you oblige me with a drink of water V ** Witer be sugared ! Take a pull at this bottle ; it's Queensland ram.*1 ' I never- take ram except as a medicine.' 'Bight yon are ! Me and my mate took la grippe, as they calls it, and I would have chocked the seven out there on the Barcoo, bnt I stack to ] ram and it polled me through. My mate wonldn't touch it and be pegged out.' ' Well, good- day to you : I must be getting along.' ' Good-day, governor; you'll get water about two miles along, bat you'd better lay in a foundation of rum to kill the hinsicks which is thick in iL' 