ECHOES. (Bv Socsd.J " If that noise does not cease. I'll keep the whole class in," exclaimed ouc of the musters at the College on Monday last. The boys looked savagely at each other, desirinc to see who the culprit was, as they had no particular wish to be deprived ot their practice at football. The noise ceased immediately, and thus once more was the good discipline maintained at the College exempli lied. The culprit was the earthquake. At the State school a somewhat different effect would appear to have been produced, one of the lady teachers saying to the model girl, Ainv. iny dear, go and see who it is knookiug at the door," and the President of the Museum and Art Gallery "sinole a smile." Sphinx " writes : — Re Monday e earth tremor. Could it, think you, have been a typographical error of Meteorologist Wragge writiug the uarne Nike iu place of Kick? Was it possible Mr. Wragge's seismograph just before the event was switched on W the lower regions, and. that his Satanic M.iicatv courteously crave' the cue that alterations were alxmt to be effected in the bottoml -ss pit and the. furnaces replenished, or something to that effect? As Mr. Wragge is truly an up to date seer I merely offer tiiis as a crude hypothesis. An amusing story comes from New York. Mrs. Elizabeth Grannis, a lady of great wealth, aud Presideut of the y Ladies League for the Suppression of Vice," was recently eutertaiuing the members of the League at her house, when the premises were invaded by a drunken tramp, who walked into the basement and proceeded to take off various articles of his clothing. When nearly all his apparel had been cast aside the iutruder calmly walked upstairs and appeared, an uaiuviicd guest, in the inidst of the gathering. Ike ghost of Banquo could not have startled them more. J he fifty ladies set up a succession of shrieks. The tramp, saying that lie was verv tired and. only needed sleep, calmly stretched himself upon the carpet and pre pared for rest. A policemau was promptly upon the scene. b Here is a storv which was related to Arch bishop Magec by Lord Chelmsford 44 An old woman who was standing sponsor for ft child in a country church, was asked the usual question whether she would renounce the devil and all his works. No. I wun t, said the old lady, 4 1 wunuot. 4 Doee, now. says the father of the child ; 4 do'ee, old oinau. just to oblige me.' Well.' says the old lady, after great pressing, 4 1 will for this once ;"bui, mind, I wuu't never do it again !" An aged millionaire has played a sad trick upon his heirs &nd; relatives. He invited them all together round his dying bed, aud when they assembled there sprung a notary and a whole stock of legal foolscap upon them, and made them' all take affidavits that he was perfectly sane and clear- headed, aud «n and then died. When the heirs came to rummage iu his desk, they found the will, dated in 15575, bequeathing most of his pro perty to an idiot asylum ; and, furious at his deceit, tbev one and all began an action to have the will broken on the ground of insanity, all vowing that though he was quite sane on the day of his death, lie was madder than a whole litter of March hares iu 1675. Then his executor smiled a grim smile, and produced a later will, made and signed about half-an-honr before the heirs gathered round his dying bed. precisely to the same effect as the first one. The sad event has cast a gloom over the community. Apropos of doctors shaving, the following lines were addressed by a witty young lady iu Hamilton to one of 'cm : — The doctor lived at Roxburgh, With credit and renown. And faith, a nicer looking man Was not within the town, llis forehead broad, his eyes were bright, His smile all else bave harsh ; Aud the zenith of his beanty reached His glorious moustache. It wasn't long like Moynan'e, It wasn't short like Dave's, but just the happy medium length Thai's worn by England's braves. It shaded ofT Apollo's bow, lucuch unproved his nose; Dui dimpling dimples on hia cheeks, Which were cor.lcur <?c rote. Bat oh ! and ah 1 alas ! alack I How con 1 write what's sad ? The brainluJ man on one fine day Must surely have gone mad. Or Atropos her hedge-clip lent, Delilah rediviva; booic wicked Siren prompted him. Some naughty she deceiver. To cut off with the cruel steel His only hair apparent, To sacrifice to fashion's j,od. : the heartless parent. To suit her, he his hirsute face Has rendered smooth and ugly, And yet content, lie brazens out The crime of looking smugly. Ob 1 doctor dear, just listen here, And if you love your patients, Cease from this course, which may affect The fate of all the nations. War, riot, crime, all human ills, All that poisons amity, Will you perpetuate the sin Just for a little vanity? 44 Point," in the Adelaide .Observer often has some amusing curiosities about cricket and iu his last article supplies one to the effect that the welLknowa 8 A. batsman Clem Hill who-for years past has been struck by what he looks upon as a singular coincidence. Regarding the 28th of March as his natal day he has looked upon it as remarkable that on the 28th March, 1892, he should have made his first century against an English Eleven. 4 4 Clem" has often talked about this but can do so no more. The other day it became necessary to pro duce his certificate of birth, and then to his amazement be found that be had been born ten days earlier than he supposed." Some time ago. it will be remembered, au underhand howler belonging to a suburban club played great havoc amongst metropolitan pickets. Another such is to be found in A. J. Bleech- raore of the Semaphore Club, near Ad laide, who, bowling fast underhand, has since 1SS9-90, inclusive, sent down 6541 balls for 279 wickets and 2560 runs which gives him the excellent average of 9 5 runs per wicket. I am inclined to think a fast underhaud bowler, possessed of accuracy of pitch and say a little curve, would take inore than a few of the best wickets in the Western , District. One thing is fairly certain he would be ablexo -keep rqns down. Here's a. show for aspirants to fame who will insist in trying over-arm in which' style they will never become proficient. « I have known fathers who have adminis tered cassation to their aonsif the latter „ returning home- from school havse allowed themselves to be .beaten by boy? .smaller fchan themselves or of their owfr mze. It has, however, beeu left to Stawcll to pro duce parents .who,- tb eir . th irteen -year-old sons having fonght, to arrange for second bellicose meeting. The lads, Thomas Hunter and James Lawrence had agojui OHw their own account, when Lawrence cot the best of it With, this result Mrs. Hunter \- : was no more satisfied than was Corbett when he receit-cd-that so-called chance blow from Fitzsiminohs, . According to Lawrence pee, she, declared ' she was prepared to lose every drop of blood in her body before,, her boy should be called a wward/Vfthdj consequently another encounter pres;- ranged for, which duly came of t' c How' tiffs ' ended I do not know. Premifling fiiat'-r believe in boys of equal age and size fighting lagrievSn£ef-d3fci Ibraitaost invariably. they are -better- rfrfends. -afterwards, I hardly tklnklt-couldiavfe beenn elevating sight \- to'Jscebb&e;'tiyfo htfthins battling, with: the; mother of one exclaiming, 44 go X .1 - f -j! r 4-V« ndiai. rnlllllir'# Ifc'hm ana toe waiei w vm. in the heye, Jim," bat all parties ranepmefl, except, maybe, the defeated 'pugilist,1 tefem to have greatly enjoyed the set-to." IWh these circumstances it seems abstird that the polieeShDpld.lSvc jproseOTled- thelibySj apd jraiihe -paroiis, andHiis Iheqjnmon .xprSssed by the'TOagistrates'-'wiibu the yonng culprits wJwwjghtefotedlJrtn. . "" 5a WpftWbiliij fciAtiieaeiwe boys been allowed te jafwacefelheir have become firmsfriends. Bnt tlie-acaon \- As a redetoytf Hill and subseqaen Uy J)y ..his .-brothers Arthur and Edwin" when conducting a «hool first at Hazlewoodouse. SirmSnghami and subsequently at Bruce Castle, Tottenham. I think 1 am correct- in iiaying that the famous Brucian system was also in vogue at Hazlewood HouBe, perhaps Chnon poodraan. can remember, Imt" at- Brucfe Castle ram'" told any two boys who wished to do so could figbt to their hearts', content, if they seriously wished to do so, and without fear of reprimand. AH they had? to d to; gi\e four hours notice of" their in.teiffion the master of th© )day- , Notice jtren thy- were ordered to retire to two pooiyfii'iiiCTd- rooms to think over the matter at their leisure, and at the end of -two hours were asked if they still wished to fight? If the reply was in the affirmative they were locked up to the end of the' four hours when, still being in the humour for- it, they were taken ont to the park, and, one of the masters being present to witness fair play, allowed to figbt it out. My informant 3eUs me-that in only one instance San he . remember any lads wanting to figbt at the end oT the two hours. By that time their passions had moderated, they had coolly thought the matter out and semi the absurdity <rf fight- iug. In only one cas'hc repeats, does he remember two boys wlllingafterfour hours' in- carceration to go out to the park, and when they did they returned in a few minutes apparently the best of friends. Asked how they had got on they simultaneously replied to the effect, 44 Oh ! bother it, there was no fun fighting with only old Dawson (the master) looking on, so we shook hands, and here we are all right." 