Chapter XXXVX—(Continued.): \- After dinner James Langrishe dispatched a message to Dr. Conolly, who lived in the town, requesting him to come up, if "possible, that evening. ; It was 9 o'clock when he appeared, the coachman having waited for him by James Langrishe's orders. He was shown into the dining-room, where the doctor was sitting over his - wine. By his side, on the polished mahogany table, was a heap of letters and papers. The two men had a long conversation. It was evidently satisfactory, r - Bridget Lehane brought in glasses and soda- r water about half-past 10 and set the spirit stand on the table, and then asked if anything more was needed.. Her master dismissed her to bed and the two men drew up their chairs near the fire and continued their conversation. -About half-past 11 Dr. Conolly left; the doctor rose , also arid proposed accompanying him as far as the lodge. Both men had had their fair share of the whisky and soda, but Dr. Langrislie only seemed to grow morose andrefcicent over bis potations, while his com panion became genial and communicative. • The night was very dark as they stepped out from the hall and turned down the almost leaf less avenue. The -ground beneatlv their feeb was damp and thick with fallen leaves. The • raiu had ceased, but neither moon nor stars lit up the gloomy walk. ? "You've not seen the ghost yet, I suppose, - Langrishe ?" said Dr. Conolly, as they walked briskly on .towards the lodge.. "You know you're credited with ons here. Not a soul in the place but talks of it.- I wish she'd favor us with a visit now," and he laughed bois terously. "But these same apparitions are too wise to show themselves to anyone who would be a credible, witness." ■ . • "What nonsense is all this?" said the . doctor savagely. " Who is spreading reports about me? It will be worse for them If I catch them." "Ob, not about you. I never said that. They only say a woman with a shawl over her head and a very awful face—. Heavens, Langrishe! what's that before us—don't you see?" .: ■ ■ ■■- - - ■ "See! I see nothing. Are you drunk, man, or dreaming? Why, it'spitch dark." ; "I knowit, bub look, Langrishe, walking straight before us. A woman's figure, as X. live. I'll light a match." The spark of it illumined the darkness for a moment. . Beyond its circle of light was a taint, misty outline. ' A cold Wind sighed through, the stripped branches overhead. Then all was darkness again. " What folly is this 1" exclaimed James Langrishe fiercely, . "and the idea of you taking it up, Conolly. I thought, .you had. more sense." : "I certainty thought I saw a figure; moving before us," said Dr. Conolly doggedly; "and it's ho joke I'm telling you; Langrishe. Scores of people have seen this thing. ' Sometimes it is seated at the foot of Dead Woman's Hilli as if waiting for some one, and sometimes it walks to your lodge and down this avenue. . . . There . by heaven. ! man, as I'm alive, I see it. v Where are your _ eyes ? V .'■■■■ Look—straight before us—facing us. Good-; ness ! what an awful face." ,::\r ; T he • cold; sweat stood: out on James- Lang rishe's brow;. He clutched his companion's arm and stood for a,moment gazing wide-eyed into the darkness, swaying like a drunken man.. -.. , ■ •- , - "Some fool -is' playing tricks on us," he mnttered. "There is nothing there—nothing." They were half ' way through the avenue now. Suddenly, through a rift in the clouds thqmoon shone out pale/and watery,1 yet dis tinct enough to show < the path before them. - Nothing wa3 there. James Langrishe burst into a harshlaugh. \"I think, Conolly," he . said, "my whisky was stronger than we thought. A pretty pair of fools we are to turn ghost-seers at our time of life. Come, hurry Von; I'll keep my word and see you to the gates. Perhaps the ghost will oblige me by waiting1 till I return and, acquaint me with a reason for frequenting my avenue.":- : . _ ■ -:: :" They went on hurriedly and moke hut little. Then James Langrishe returned to, the house. His heart bait a little quicker as heapproached the place where that ghastly. face had for a second's space seemed to " flash out or the shrouding darkness. The moon was still shining down through the drifting cloads. But neither form nor face was visible. Yet James Langrishe's own face was ashy white as he stepped once more into the glow of warmth and light. . .He bolted the outer-door and re turned to the dining-room and stirred the fire into a blaze and lit every candle he conld find. Then he poured himself out half a tumbler of whisky, dashed in some soda-water, and drank. it off. ■■ " I'll carry a pistol about me for-the future," he said aloud, as if speaking to some unknown listener. " I'll have no —— tricks played on me. Who talks of .ghosts? There are no ghosts. We live, or die—there's an end of us. Carrion, rotting back to its own clay, feeding the worms, Grhosts? What old women's tales to frighten silly girls and children !" He paced the room,in a fevered manner, pushing aside chaira, talking; all the timo wildly and incoherently. Someone passing along the hall with a candle in her hand paused before that closed door and listened with frightened eyes to the strange talk and movement going on within. It Wa3 Bridget Lehane. _ "Musha, Mother, of Mercy !" she cried ttf herself, "but the quare goings on there is in this house, an' sorro a place at all, at all for a dacent gurl to live in. -Shure, 'tis the masther has the onaisy conscience, and why should he at all only for the things as he knows an' I daren't be lettin' on about, seein' as how a prison wag in the taycup to-night, whin myself was lookin' at the leaves !" She crossed herself and stole softly hack to the kitchen. For many and many a. night she had chosen to sleep there on a settle before the fire rather than go.upstairs to her bedroom; James Langrishe had been a week at Knock minoss. _ , It was known that the furniture and house were to be sold and that he had-made over his practice to Dr. Conolly, These facts gave rise to a great deal of talk, but talk is so much the natural province of Irish folk that the wagging of tongues meant less to ■ the " waggers " than an outsider would -have supposed. Yet looks askance were cast at the handsome doctor when he drove through the town or along the out lying roads and there- were many who said the change in his appearance was due more to fear than to grief. Yet, still, all the whispered rumors amounted to very little and as yet none had reached his own ears. When he was in the house he was for ever sorting papers, burning letters, pack ing books and surgical instruments, and generally dismantling the establishment, but the servantsnoticedheneverwentnear his wife's apartments - and- her wardrobe and jewellery were packed under the superintendence of. Mrs. Conolly, who gave him the keys after wards. His iron will kept him there day after day and gave him strength, too, for the'hateful tasks that must be done. Once he turned his back on Knockminos3 he; resolved neVer to enter it again. His present bravado had a purpose to serve/ but with every night his terrors grew apace and; his nerves -needed more and more of thatlalse stimulant that, sent him reeling up to his hated room in the small hours of the morning, to close ,his eyes in a drunken stupor that rested neither mmd nor body. - i : . A child can kindle a flame that half an army cannot extinguish. In like maimer a chance word dropped by an idle tongue isofttimes the seed that sows a field of dragon's teeth in a single night. -■ v 1 " Bridget Lehane had a, sweetheart and' the said sweetheart was a member of the con stabulary. Reticence is assuredly no. fault of her nation and reticence to a sweetheart on any subject connected .with her own life and its incidents would have been an impossibility. So it came to pass that Jimmy Whelan wa3 informed of every thing. connected with the doctor and the affairs generally of • Knock minoss, and how be always carried a pistol in his coat and how he drank himself into raging lunacy every night of his life. Jimmy- Was nob one whit sharper or more brilliant than others of his persuasion, but he took to talking things over, and they seemed to him, as to Bridget, "mighty.quare." .Still, nothing, was said,, and the preparations for leaving Knockminoss went on apace; but during the second week the story of the ghost was once more revived, and not a soul from shop or farm would tread the avenue after dusk for any bribo or persuasion. The stories got to Dr. Conolly's ears, and Dr. Conoliy had a wife, and he and the wife talked "together over Dr. Langrishe's curious dislike to the place- and his hurried prepara tions for departure, and his strange reticence about his future plans. It neededa woman's wit to put her_ finger on the weak point of the chain of circumstances. Mrs. Conolly was the woman. ■ - ■ " Lady Ffolliotfc is leaving also; her place is to be shub up, the lodge- keeper told me. I wonder if he will marry her, after stinted .fie can't pretend to be sorry for his wife's death. •Everyone:knew_ he was infatuated;with that woman,- and: his freedom came most oppor tunely." , ■■ ■' \- Dr.-Conolly kept silence for spine moments. • His'thoughts were'backV with a scene in the grey dawn of a September morning. He re membered a hasty summons, a confused ac count,, of a-strange seizure, the story of the ; little nurse and her agitation, the certificate he! hhd been asked to sign, the hurried funeral, the strange symptoms of the London nurse, which had puzzled .him at the outset^of her illness, the abrupt departure of the widower, and uowhis determination to sell his place, even at a loss, and leave Ireland altogether. . The more he thought the more he remem bered. .The more he remembered the less he liked'; .; He grew nervous, suspicious', uncom .fortabie, an'd it was while in this mood that he was informed that one Jimmy Whelan, of the ••-constabularly, was below.'in the kitchen and desired mgeutly to have word, with him. ... (To becontiniicd.) 