Torts and Retorts. ———— "Johnny, get your gun !" Our Johnnies got theirs, thus : Timid citizens of the City of Dreadful Skite have recently been somewhat severely alarmed by the warlike aspect of some of the "single men in barricks.!" Anglice, the P.W. clerks who work up at the old Barracks. Many of these gentle- men have been seen meandering down St. George's Terrace, with a large frown and a Snider- Enfield rifle with bayonet fixed ; and hence such wonderment. It seems that lately there was a sale of the arms left behind by the Imperial forces, and many of the Government clerks were glad to pick up a rifle in first- class order (if of an obsolete type) for the trifling sum of eighteen- pence, that being the price realised at the auction. These rifles when bored out afresh, to get rid of the rifling, make excellent duck and kangaroo guns. N.B.—They ori- ginally cost the British taxpayer £5 to £6 each. * * * We have all got used to the ex- traordinary utterances of His Nibs of Deutchsland, at last, but the the other day a big surprise was sprung upon a confiding Christen- dom by Billy's Little Brother— Prince Henry of Prussia. This young gentleman, who is off to China to teach the Celestials that very uncelestial language—Ger- man, has kindly informed the world that he "is animated by the single desire of preaching abroad the gospel of the Kaiser's conse- crated person." He also referred to the responsibilities of the Kaiser as a "crown of thorns." How delightful ! Where's my harp ? * * * A NEW GOSPEL : (Made in Germany.) RECITATIVE. Prince Henry Sings :— Let the peoples praise the Kaiser— Cheer like thunder—he's my brother ! There is no man living wiser— He's a wonder—I'm another ! . . . . I am off to distant China, Where the climate's rather finer Than it is in dear old Deutschland— Though the people are much worse. And I mean to tell the Chinkies Of my brother : how we think he's (Even more than God Almighty) fit To run the Universe ! I shall write a lengthy sermon On the wisdom of the German, And I'll read it ev'ry Sunday in the Joss House at Kia-Chan— (Was that anybody sneezing ?) That's the place I'm bent on seizing— And I mean to make the gospel of my Brother's person law ! For the Kaiser's consecrated, As I've previously stated ; And he's here to put the world right, And to keep the English down. And he's got a staunch supporter In his brother—as he orter— And like someone else before him—he Will wear a thorny crown. Sing the Wacht am Rheim for ever ! Hail the Kaiser, strong and clever ! Hoch! Hoch!! Hoch!!! we're off to China with a brand new Gospel light; And the chows shall be converted, As I think I have asserted ; Or, if they be so mad as to refuse, there'll be a fight! * * * A funny little incident happened on Thursday afternoon, just before the Governor went down to the Council Chamber to prorogue Par- liament. As the guard of honour (the Perth Infantry) marched down Barrack-street, and turned into St. George's Terrace, an elderly female party fell in close behind the rear-rank, and, spread- ing her skirts out wide with both hands, pirouetted behind the In- fantry and followed them right down to the Council Chamber. The crowd laughed, but the old lady, who was evidently out for the day, was not to be choked off. " Arrah," said she to a bystander " Oi've follied the sojers for twinty years on the ould sod, an' the soight of th' red chunic meks me, hear-rt glad. Bless the bhoys !" And she leaned on the flag-lieuten- ant till he blushed a deeper scarlet than that of his tunic. Fortunately one of that embarrassed officer's acquaintances among the crowd, seeing how matters stood, came to the rescue, and putting a shilling into the good woman's hand, directed her to the nearest hotel, where she afterwards entertained the threepenny bar for a solid hour with reminiscences of her former " divarsions " with the ** bhoys " of Her Majesty's land forces on " th' ould sod." * * * There is a boardinghouse in the City of Dreadful Skite, which is presided over by a smart and good-natured lady, who can both give and take a joke. Last Christmas the 20 odd boarders— all were male things—decided to put up a joke on their excellent landlady, so on Christmas Eve each man hung up his socks in the entrance hall. When the popular hostess returned at about eleven o'clock from doing her Christmas shopping, she saw to her surprise that the house was in darkness. On entering and striking a light she found the hall literally fes- tooned with socks of all sizes and hues, hung across on strings, Being a woman of resource, she at once tumbled to the boarders' little game, and going down stairs she fetched a box of sand and a sugar scoop. After neatly filling all the socks she retired for the night. In the morning when the con- spirators awoke, they found to their great astonishment that " Sandy Claus " was not a myth. * * * The Herald Angels are not doing much singing this Christmas. What with free ads. in the paper and free comments on ads. from rude members of the Legislative Assembly, the temper of the Arch- angel is like the weather—a little dusty. One or two of the common (or garden) angels have flown away to learn a new song in time for next Christmas, and those who are left behind have to sing all the louder to make up for it. And, really, that shocking suggestion of naughty Mr. Vosper, that Gordon and Gotch should be appointed to act as Government Advertising Agents, and save the country £2000 or £3000 a year, is rather trying to the A.A., if it is to mean knocking off 50 per cent. of the music that makes the ghost walk, and fills the welkin with joyful sound. But, seriously, it is high time some such reputable firm as Messrs. Gordon and Gotch were appointed to arrange the Govern- ment advertising on a business basis. The waste at present is appalling, and the prices the Government has to pay something sinful. 