T"IOMAS JA?ItViS INTIERVIIWED, On 'T'hursday afternoon our repro sentative made his way- to the humble homue of Mr. Thonmas Jarvis, 45, Crown lane, Ultimo. 'le was discovered nursing a two-veairoll baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydrihy. Heo was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and hearing still the marks of a critical illness, nd a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid on the rapid road to convalesaonceo. In reply to the preliminary queestions, lie said : " You, want to know all. about my case' Well, I am glad of an opportunity to- toll you. The facts nnay be of value to those who arne stricken as I was." " Ilow long were yoe suffering I" " Well, twelve monath ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have dloe not ing since theon. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with artn ccident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath ins Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in fiiling nlhealt,. nd after four years of gradual developmeut of the malatly, I was forced to-give upt my billet at the Glebe Island.' " What were the symptoms 1" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They wore just about is much as I could;bear. ,''hey were for all the world like-us if a saw were cutling my bones in two in every part of tme. had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisaceo to myself and overyone el~se. I! was incessantly shivering and shakiitg, and could neither out nor sleeop On the 23rd march last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that mly case. was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave tne ani. oardtr to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make usne of the order I" I, No ; I came home and. went to bedt and have been pretty weall in badl over since, Five weeks ago r could not walk across the floor; in fart I coul'd not get our of hbtl. I felt thou that it was all over with tme, anil only a qiestion of dany when I would' give utip the ghost. Sly delitor was attend ing me, anti did' all he could, by opinm anil morphlai pills,. to ease the agony I was in. I was undoehim for livouor six weeks,-- 11e'osm to tho comelnlion that .1 was suffiring from. Locomator ataxia, or Progressive locome, tor atlay, a disease of the spinal cordtl, nharactnrisned lv ioouliar disturbaneos of gait, and dillioulty in co.ordiinating voluntary movements. He told mnl that I might last for ton years, and that I might never got the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that mnaiical opinion is not infitllible.) Well, just as a drowning tian will grasp at a straw, I grasped at Ian idea conveyed by the nadvortisoluent tids oribing the oure efoected its the case of another hliler-mnaker in Enigland, which I road in thi " Ausralian Worlkman," Iy Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I readl in the adve!rttlnent of at cava whitch ree-Ulni to lit my own. I deterntined to gir, the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sott lor ia hlv. The'li olfect was as manrvellolls no it was tlltgical. I was alde tao eat and t let?p us thittouglt In tlilng was thie ntiltert with tue. It won the first appetlte andti rest I had I flr tmany a dlo. t was incredible. I immediatoly loft the bad and was able to move about. I have taken tour boxes of Pink Pills (luring the past four weeks, art am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, anid anl gradually, Intt surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those ceutchos there I 'rhey are perfotly new, and I havo iever used.lhoel. They worn Itadle for, me before1o 1 got the Pink Pills, lIut,I was too weak to use them, and now- 1 don't want them, All I want is this stick, and I hopo' soon to do withoult it. You see I amc rapidly roepaining my Strength." "'L H-i is 100 per cent. bettor;" said Mrs. Jarvis, ,who had oil an in and taken. the baby on her knees. "The Pinik'Pillshliavo saved. his life and. mande another ian of him. .. A friend whocalled in at this point said that :Jarvis :loioked :tin years younger that day thauhlie did a fort night previously. "'I can now,!" cortinued Jarvis, h" avoa cold oath; and' all the feeling lhas come back'ia my loegs. If I keep on going the way I am. I hope to be able to, resumen wok as: a boiler-maker, and you, know I have tuobe in the very pinkol:health and. arrongth to work at that trade,. I)am, better to.day olia,. ý.ho hoatisu t , durioeo .tb t'ifiyo yeadr dr?ribe all ithe "chanie mid" hetobort to. these Pink Pills.. They have saved my life. I slh in, lio pail now,, whlatu~r,. and feel: like a noe. lan. Oil. the mantel. piece there is a box of opiuni: and imorphira pills which, the doctor goer Ills to dadoen the: excruciating pfaiip. rBut they cab stay: where they are,. for I no lolgler need; them. Everybody who. know, met, i?ta bee amaruzed at the change in Ine, r !Theyl can, hardly believe their eyes.. My- biring about again hits caused.qlite a, so8sation, out here.," Such is this renaerkhlob:lhistory,-snl it confirmls what is said ii. all, the chief newsppere , of this. colntry. of. thel nastonishillg cures wrought- by' Dr. \Villiams' Pink Pills for Pale'People. ,They iure locsnoto;r taxy,. partial pa'ralysis. anti spinal 'disease,.alsothe lnmainy disorders whichl arike, from un irtpoverished state of 'he'blood, such as animinia, pale rind sallsiww cbmplexion, genleral muscular weakness, indigestitin, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache,. etc. 