PERSONALITIES. A Mayor's bawl—" What will you drink Herr Kugelberg, Adelaide's new violoncellist, is 29 years old. Menzie, the much talked of, is said to be a splendid mining engineer. Premier Kingston will ba 47 years old on Friday week. H. M. Addison when a young man was a Sunday school teacher and a churchwarden. Plugger Bill Martin when he quits cycling will be able to take a billet as clown in a circus. Table Talk makes the Rev. Joe Berry a Canon. Whereas he is only a Wesleyan big gun. Home influence has prevented "Jim" Shaw from being a candidate for the city Mayoral chair. When cyclists are observed in con versation with bookmakers the public begin to have their doubts. There is a rumor that Henning, M.L. A. of Westralia, an Adelaide boy, will be made a District Judge. Miss Wells, shorthand writer and typist, has removed to Howard Smith Chambers, King William Street. The members of the B rough Comedy Company were in Adelaide on Monday, and on Wednesday they sailed for India The Governor and Admiral Bridge have been a-shooting in the close season. Now, you rustic policemen, do your duty. Rumored that a gentleman well known on the local amateur stage is about to go on the boards pro fessionally. When the bookies are airing their language so copious Pm going to back for a quid Parthe nopoeus. Shrewd politicians profess to detect a weakening of the love that has existed between the Ministry and the Labor Party. Barton McGuckin, the English tenor, now with Amy Sherwin, is described as having a robust and yet singularly sweet voice. Reuben, Reuben, I've been thinking Half-crown totes will have to go; Racing Club3 are quietly winking, For they'll get a bigger show. Mr. R. N. Wells, of Kalgoorlie fame, is taking an interest in mining at Blackfellow's Creek, S.A., and will probably supervise operations there. Flautist John Leminon^, as a boy, was a member of the Ballarat drum and fife band. He had a great; ovation when he visited Ballarat the other day. There is a boom in brass plates in the city just now. In some cases there is not more brass in the plates than there is in the faces of the proprietors thereof. Lord Wolseley is a very superstitious man. He never fails to salute a single magpie, would not dream of walking under a ladder, and is a firm believer in ghosts. George Giffen's book on cricket will shortly make its appearance. It is understood that George has had the assistance of a well-known cricket writer in Adelaide. "Frills," the Chief Justice's dog, was in the " Lost" column of the dailies on Monday. The hound had probably run off to Largs Bay to welcome his master. If our barmaids were to make an example of the drunken, libidinous wretches who assail their ears with lewd talk the atmosphere of the city would be a little purer. Out of 41 years' service in the Police Force Inspector Sullivan has only once been absent from duty through illness, and that was when he had an atoack of influenza about three years ago. When the brothers Hambourg entered the dress circle of the Theatre Royal a gallery youth yelled out " Git yer 'air cut," and • a broad grin surmounted the faces of the young musicians. CHARLEY'S AUNT. Bilmartin is evidently yearning for one more distinction in the cycling held, and that is disqualification for life. He wont have to wait long for it either if he keeps up his humorous proclivities. One of Mr. Wybert Reeve's curiosi ties in an extensive collection, ft a letter in the handwriting of Edmund Kean, in which a friend is directed to expend £94 lis. 3d. in the liquidating of hotel scores! A sale of a number of bedsteads was recently advertised, and it was announced that all these articles of furniture had been "made for Mrs. " The lady must be fond of changing her quarters. Steps are being taken to re-establish the Medical School, and the Premier will probably be shortly approached in a spirit of compromise by the medical fraternity over the Hospital squabble. So mote it be. Heard at the Mayor's ball. T ady guest to gentleman ditto—" Come along, I'll help you home." He— " Help me home. I'm all (hie) right. I cou'd walk the (hie) plank now as well as ever I (hie) could." It is not two years ago that a man travelling from Melbourne to Ade laide overheard two cyclists arranging their programme for ooe of our race meetings. " You can win so and so and I'll go for such and such." And it was so. The Rev. Day Thompson considers that gambling is a direct fruit of the conditions of modern society, and that the abolition of the totalizator would be a mere bagatelle in limiting the vice. " Evils says he," often work their own cure." Western diggers have a great belief in whisky as a remedial agent, espe cially in the case of typhoid. In fact, one man who sold a claim for £1,500 has been twelve months ward ing off a typhoid attack with generous libations of whisky. Professor Charles Morritt, a conjuror imported by 'Arry Rickards, speaks of Sydney as " a very quiet little place— something like an English village." Village ! A city with such a harbor! Death and furies 1 What punishment does this conjuror Morritt—that is to say, merit ? Bishop Kennion must retain lively recollections of at least one publican on the Murray. This individual, who knew not George, declined to supply a bottle of soda-water and some bread and cheese without getting the cash in advance. He evidently mistook the saintly Bishop for a sundowner. Nicknames of old identities given in Hussey's " Colonial Life and Christian Experience":—Stephens, the banker, " Teddy Stephens ;" Stephens, the printer, "Little Johnny ;" Stephenson, "Long George;" James Allen, "Dismal Jemmy;" Thomas Reynolds, "Teapot Tommy," and N. Hailes, " Timothy Short." Part 4 of the " Colonial A1 Reciter " having been long out of print, a second edition is now ready. It contains many favorite pieces, such as " Phil Blood's Leap," Kissing Cup's Race," " Love in a Baloon," " The Fireman's Wedding," " The Bashful Man at a Tea-party," and about 40 other selec tions. A. C. MacLaren, the Lancashire cricketer, is not going to settle in Australia after all. He has got his own school to attend to in England, and even St. Peter's College cannot tempt him. Perhaps if the Govern ment offered him the billet of Inspector General of Schools he might conde scend to stay and—play cricket for South Australia. There are no occasions when Premier Kingston appears more dignified than those on which he is approached by the " moral" section of the commu nity. At such periods his collar and wristbands seem to be more than usually starchy, an inch or two is added to his stature, and one finds one self looking at his head to see if a halo has dropped into position. Coulson Kernahan's booklet, " The Lonely God," published by Ward, Lock, <fc Co., L;mitFd, is another evi dence of the powerful if rather morbid mind of the author. As an imagina tive writer with a strong analytical tendency Mr. Kernaban takes high rank, and although his " Captain Shannon" was a pot boiler, he will yet produce a work of fiction that will make him famous. " Mostyn Stayne," a story by Roderick Quinn, published by George Robertson & Co., opens in a cave in the MacDonnell Ranges, bat there is little of Australia in the volume. There is much of smuggling and treasure hunting in the tale, and the various adventures are vigorously depicted, though the general style is somewhat crude. Further work from Mr. Quinn's pen should prove attractive. Dear Quiz—I want Billy Hennesie to listen. Johnny Forde is in Ade laide now. He joined Lyster's chorus in 1873, so he has not been nearly 30 years on the stage. He will also tell Billy that I am quite correct in my statement that Armes Beaumont, Farley, and Mrs. Fox appeared in opera years before that, and that he resents being called a veteran. I refer him to Johnny, who is always affable and courteous, and not at all dangerous to approach.—Yours, The Musee. From Messrs. Geo. Robertson & Co. Quiz has received a copy of " With Fortune Made," published in Hutchin son & Co's Colonial Library. The author, Victor Cherbuliez, is one of the most graceful of French novelists, and anything from his pen is sure to be well worth reading. " With Fortune Made " is a highly interesting story, and the central character, an eccentric Provencal, who has become a millionaire in America, is admirably drawn, while the sketches of his relatives, who surround him in the hope of inheriting his millions, might have come from the hand of Dickens himself. There is an abundance of quiet humor in the b3ok, and absolutely there is not a single dull page. 