THIRD BOOK. .The Devil's Acre. Chapter IIL \- - •<? The Priory, Friday mornihsr. , "Oh, my-dear aunties, don't be terrified, but ; Glory "has had a kind .of a wee big. triumph U'-'"Nothing very awful, you know,; but on Monday night, before a rather larger company than .usual, she sang and recited and play-acted a little, and as3a result all the earth—the--London earth—is talking about her,' and nobody is taking any notice of the rest of tlle'/world. Every post; is bringing me flowerap^vitfi ribbons'and. cards attached, or illustrated': weeklies with my picture and my life in "little, and I find its wonderful what a lot of; things you may learn about yourself if - you'll only read the'papers. My room at this moment is like a florist's win dow at 9 "o'clock on Saturday morning, and I have reason- to suspect that mine host and teacher, Carl Koehig, F.R.C.O., exhibits them to admiring,neighbors when I am out. The voice of that'dear old turtle has ever since Monday been; heard in." the land, and besides telling me about Poland day and night from all the subterranean passages of the house, heha3 taken- to waiting oil me like a nigger and ordering soups and jellies for mo as if I had- suddenly become an invalid. Of course I am: an able-bodied woman just the same as ever, but my perves have been on the rack all the week and I feel exactly as I did long ago at , Peel; when . I was a little naughty minx- and-got up into the tower of the old. church; and began pulling at the bell rope, yon . remember. Oh, dear ! Oh, dear! My frantic terror 'at the noise of the big bells and the vibration of the shaky old walls ! Once I had begun • I couldn't leave o2 for my life, but wentpn tugging and tugging and quaking and quaking until—have you forgotten it?—all the people came running, helter-skelter, under the impression that the whole town was afire. And then?, behold, it was only little me, trem bling iika'.a-leaf and crying like a ninny. I remember: I .was scolded and smacked and dis missed. iuto'.outer darkness (it, was the chip vault) for" that first outbreak of fame, and now, lest yourfihquld want tp mete out the same punishment to. me again. - ; ' "Aunt Anna, I'm knitting the sweetest little shawl for, you, dear—blue and white to suit your complexion—-being engaged in the even ing onlygnd most of the day sole mistress of my own'wShand pleasure. How charming of me, isn't-it-f But I'm afraid it isn't, because you'll see..* .through me like a colander, for I want to tell you something which I have kept back toolone, and when I think of it I grow old and wrinkled like a Christmas apple. So you mush:'be a pair of absolute old angels, aunties,-and break the news to grandfather. " You know I told you, Aunt Rachel, to say something; for me at *9 o'clock on the Queen's Birthday.-?And you remember that Mr. Drake used to,- think pearls and diamonds of Glory and predict wonderful things for her. Then you don't forget that Mr. Drake had a friend flamed .Lord Robert tire, commonly. called Lord Bobi;" Well, you see, by Mr. Drake's ad vice ari4~LPr<l Bobbie's influence, and agency, and I don't know what, I've made one more change-jrifs to be the last, dears,, the very last —in my;.Wahdering Jew existence, and now I am no longer a society entertainer, because I am a music-hall art——" , ; : Glory'nad written so far when she dropped the pen . and rose from the table,, wiping her eyes. "My poor child, you can't tell them; it's impossible.; They would never forgive you." ■ - ■■ ■ - ' ; Theira Carriage stopped before the house, the garden bell was rung, and the maid came into the.-.room with a lady's card. It was in scribed- ,£Mis3 Polly. Love," with, many • splashes-and flourishes. , " AsITHer up," said Glory; and then Polly came rustling up the.stairs in a silver-grey silk dress and-a, noticeable hat and with a pug dog tucked ; under her arm. She looked older and less beautiful. The pink and ivory of her cheeks were coated.with powder, and her. light grey eyes were pencilled. There was the same blemished appearance as before and the-crack in the vase was now plainly visible. _, , Glory had met the girl only once since they parted after the hospital, but Polly kissed her effusively.,' Then she sat down and began to cry. "Perhaps you wouldn't think it, my dear, hut I'm thexinost miserable^ girl in London." Haven't^you heard about it ? I thought every body'knew. Robert is going to be married. Yes, indeed, to-morrow* morning,_ to that American heiress, and I hadn't an idea of it until Mffnday afternoon. That was the day of your luncheon, dear, and I felt sure something wa3 going to happen because I broke my looking-glass dressing to go out. Robert took me home, and he began, to play the piano, and I could see he was going to say something. ' Do you know, little • woman, I'm to he married on Saturday? I wouder I didn't drop, but I didn't, and he went on playing. But it was no use trying and I.burst out and ran into my room. After ■ a minute I heard him coming in, but he didn't lift me up as he used to do. Only talked to me over my back, telling me to control myself and. what he was going to do for me and so on. He -used to say a few tears made me nicer looking, but it- was no good crying—and then he- went away." ' She began to cry again, and the dog in her lap began to howl. "0 God! I don't know what'Pvedone to he so unfortunate. Pvenot been flash at all, and I never went to cafes at night, or to Sally's or to Kate's as so many girls do, and he can't say I ever took notice of anybody else. When I lovean'ybodv I think of'him last thing at night and first thing in the morning, and now to be left alone—I'm sure I shall never live through it." Glory tried to comfort the poor broken creature.- It was her duty to live. There was her child—had she never ■ seen it since she parted with it to Mrs. Jupe ? It must be such a darling by this time, ■ creeping about and -' talkinfrs little, wherever it was. She ought to have tfiS* child to live with her, it would be sueh company. Pollyrkissed the pug to» stop its whining and said, " I don't want company. Life isn't , the same thing to "me now. He thinks because . he is: marrying that woman—what better is she than ,me I should like to know?. She's only snapping at him for what he is, and he is only taking her for what she's got, and I've a great mind to: go to All Saints' and shame them. You wouldn't?. Well, it's hard to : hide one's feelings, but it would serve them rightnf-—if I did it." Polly-had risen with a wild look and was ■Dressing the pug so hard that it was howling again,"but from other causes. • "Did what?' "Nothing ... that is to say . . ." "You mustn't dream of going to the church. The police . =• . " Oh, it isn't the police I'm afraid of," said Polly, tossing her head. "What then?" - ■ "Never mind, my dear," said Polly. On .the way downstairs she reproached her self for not seeing what was coming. "But girls-like us never do, now do we ?" Glory colored up to her hair, hut made no protest. At the gate Polly wiped her eyes and. drew down her veil and said,: "I'm sorry to s'ayit to your face, my dear, but its all been that.Mr. Drake's doings, and a girl ought to know he'd do as; much himself and worse. But von're a great woman. now and in everybody's "mouth, so you needn't care. Only ;. Glory's . face was scarlet and her under-lip waSbleeding, yet she kissed the poor shallow thing at parting, because she was down and did not understand and lived in another world entirely. But going back to where her letter lay unfinished she thought, " Impossible! If this girl, living in an atmosphere so different, thinks that. . ." Then she sat at the) table and forced herself to tell all; . She bad got through the red riot of-her con-, fession and was writing—"I don't know what he would think of it, but do you know I thought I saw his face on Wednesday night! It_ was in the dark and I was in a cab driving away from the stage door. But so' changed; oh, so changed ! It might have been a dream and it was the same as if his ghost had passed me." ' Then Bhe became aware of voices in dispute downstairs. First, a man's voice; then the voices of two men, one of them Koemg's, the other with a haunting ring in it. . She got up from the_ table and went to the door of her room, going on tiptoe, yet hardly knowing why. Koenig was saying, "No, sair, de lady does not lif here." Then a deep, strong, breast-voice answered, "Mr. Koenig, surely you remember me ?" and Glory's heart seemed to beat like .a watch. "No—o, sair. Are you—oh, yes—what am I thinking of—but de lady " ■ ■ ■ -' "Mr. Koenig," Glory called, cried, gasped over the stair rail, "ask the gentleman to como up, please." Slie hardly knew what happened next, only that Koenig seemed to be muttering confused explanations below and that she was back in her sitting-room, giving a glance into the looking-glass and doing something with her hair.-. Then there was a step on the stairs^—on the landing—at the threshold, and she Tell back a few paces from the door that she might see him as he came in. He knocked. Her heart was heating so violently that she had to keep her hand over | it. "Who'sthere?" "It is L" "Who's I?" Then she saw him coming down on her and the very sunlight seemed to wave as the shadows on a ship. He was paler and thinner, his great eyes looked weary though they smiled, his hand felt bony though firm, and his head was closely cropped. She looked at him for a moment without speaking and with a sensation of fulness at her heart thatwas almost choking her. "Is it you? I didn't know it was you——. I was just thinking^—" She was talking at I random and was out of breath, as if she bad been running. . .. "Glory, I have frightened you, he said; and she noticed that his voice was lower than it used to bo. "Frightened? Ob, no! Why should youI think so? Perhaps I am crying; but then I'm always doing that nowadays; and; besides, you are so- . , "Yes, I am altered," he said m the pause | that followed. "And I?" , "You are altered too." Ho was looking at her with an earnest and passionate^ gaze.- It was she—horself—Glory, not_ merely a vision or a dream.- . Again he recognised the glorious eyes with their brilliant lashes and the flashing spot of one of them that had so often set his heart beating.- : She looked back at1, him ..and thought, " How ill lie must have been," and then a lump came into her throat and she began to laugh that she might not begin to cry, and broke out into broad Manx lest he should hear the tremor.in her voice. "Hut you're coming to, aren't ye ? And you've left that theer aw; it's glad ter'ble I am, as our people say, -and it's a longin' mortal you'd be for all, hoy." ■ Another trill of.nervous laughter and then a burst of earnest English. )-" But tell me, you' ve come for good; you are not going hack to——" "No, I am not going hack to the brother hood, Glory."' How friendly his low voice sounded. -'Are you?" " Well, Fve left the hospital, yousee." " Yes, I see," he said. His weary eyes were wandering about the room, and for the- first time she felt ashamed of its luxuries and its flowers;.- - - , ■ -• ■ " But how did you find me?" - " I went to the hospital first." "So you hadn't forgotten me? Do you know I I thought you had quite . . . , but tell me j at once, where did you go then ?".. . _ ; He was sileht for a moment , and she said, "Well?" "Then I went to Mr. Drake's chambers." "I don't know why everybody should think that Mr. Drake . . ." -. His great eyes'were fixed on her face and his mouth was quivering; and to prevent him from speaking she put on a look of forced gaiety and said, " But how did you light on me at last ?" . : "I meant to find you, Glory," he said; "if I tramped all London over and everybody denied you to me"—the lump in her throat was hurt ing her dreadfully—" but I chanced to see the name over the music-halL" \- She saw it coming and broke into laughter and talked rapidly, frivolously, at random. "The music-hall! Only think! You looking at music-halls!" "I was there on Monday night," he an swered. . . ■ ; . .. i "You? Monday? Then perhaps it was not my / fancy that I saw you" by the stage door - . Her nerves were getting more and more oxcited and to calm them she crossed her arms above her ,head. " So they gave you my address at the stage door, did they?" "No, I-wrote for it to Peel."' , "Peel?" she caught her breath and her arms I came down. . "Then perhaps you told them] where ..." . "I told them nothing, Glory.": She looked at him through her eyelashes, her head held down. " Not that it matters, you know. I've just been writing, to them and they'll soon . . ." but oh, I've so. much)to say and I can't say it here. ' Couldn't we go somewhere? Into the park, or on :to the beach, or further—much further—the room; is so small and I feel as if I've been suffocating for want of air." _ - ; "I've something to say, too, and if "Then let it be to-morrow morning and we'll start early and you'll bring me hack in time for the theatre. Say Paddington station at 11. Will that do ?" ■ "Yes." - - - -■ ' She saw him to tho gate and when ho was! going she wanted him to kiss her hand, so I she pretended to do the high handshake,, but I lie only held it for a moment and " looked steadily into her eyes. The sunshine was pouring into the garden and she was bare headed. Her hair was coiled up arid she was wearing a light morning blouse. - He thought shehadneyerlookedsobeautiful. Ongettinginto the omnibus at the end/>f the street he took a letter out of his breast pocket and, being alone, he first carried it to his lips, then reopened and read it:— - v_ , "See her at once, dear John, and keep in touch with her and I shall he happy and re lieved. As for your father, that old Chaise is going crazy- and is sending Lord Storm crazy too. He has actually discovered that the dust the witch walks on who has cast the eyjl eye on you lies in front' of Glenfaba gate, and he has been sweeping it up o' nights and scattering it in front of' Knockaloo.S What simplicity ! There are only two. women here —does the silly old gawk mean Kackel ? or is it perhaps aunt Anna And while the omnibus joggled down the street and the pale young clergyman with the great weary eyes was pouring over his letter. Glory was sitting at her table and writing with flying fingers. and a look of enthusiastic j ecstacy. _ - "I've had three bites at this cherry, but who do you think has just been here ? John ! John Storm 1 But then you know that he is back and it wasn't merely my fancy that I saw1 him by the, stage, door. It seems as if people have been denying me to him and he has been waiting for me and watching over me—(blot)—. His voice is so low, but I suppose that comes to people .who are much alone, and he is so thin and so pale and his eyes are so large, and they have that deep look that cuts into the jieart.. He knew ho was changed and I think he was ashamed—(blot)—but of course I didn't let whit that I was taking notice, and I'm so happy for his sake, poor fellow, that he has escaped from his cage- in that salvation Zoo. That I know I shall inake them split their sides in the theatre to-night—(blot, blot)—. How tiresome 1 this ink must have got water in it somehow; and then my handwriting is such a hop-skip-and-a-jump anyway. But hoots!-'- .. - ... Why shouldn't I love Johnny ? And why shouldn't Johnny love me? Glory." 