? WHICH ARE VOL' ? There are two kinds of people on earth to-day— Just two kinds of people, no more, I eay. Not the sinner and saint, for 'tis well understoo % The good are half bad, and the bad are half good. Not the humble and proud, for, in life's little span, Who puts on vain airs is not counted a man. Not the happy and sad, for the swift-flying years Bring each man his laughter and each man his tears. No: the two kind of people on earth I mean Are the people who lift and, the people who lean. Wherever you go, you'll find the world's masses Are always divided in just these, two \- classes. And, oddly enough, you will find too, I ween, There is only one lifter to twenty who lean. In which class are you ? Are you easing the load Of over-taxed lifters who toil down the road 1 Or, are you a leaner, who lut* others bear Your portioji of labor, and worrv. and care .' —Ella Wheeler Wilcox. . . . The huckstering tyranny of the Treasury Bench.— Disraeli. "Good motives, owing to our great blindness and slow enlightenment, liave made grievous havoc in the world.''— John Morley. " Be very slow to accept any anomalies or sufferings as necessary or irremediable."— B. Greg. I would define protection in its widest sense to mean trying to win a race, not by outrunning your rival, but by using the public forces to prevent him from running at alL— Lord Salisbury. I am convinced that a working senator should live the life of an athlete.— Sydney Smith. Mr. Gladstone says:—"If there be one fact more largely and solidly established by experience than any other, it is that conduct is the instrument by which character is formed, and that habit systematically pursued tends to harden into fixity." " The ever-fruitful fieldsof life Were surely better bare Than nourishing to monster growth The weary weeds of care." It is notorious that the most momentous ew departure made by the Liberal party of ur day—th3 adoption of the policy of Home ule—was due to a single man. wno acted ithout consultation with his colleagues.— rofessor Lecky. If society does not settle this question it will settle society.— Joseph Cowen. The old order changeth. yielding place to new. And God fulfils himself in many ways, i^est one good cuBtom should corrupt the world.— Tennyson. The goldfields do not need to be repjesenJed by men who aim at advancing their own ends, irrespective of those of the colony generally, or who propose to further the interests of any one class alone. There are men who have announced themselves for various constituencies who have, as yet, failed to give the ghost of an idea as to their views—that is. if they possess any, which is often doubtfuL In some cases they are utterly unknown in local public life, and they appear to have no more claim for support than the candidate in the well-known comic opera:— As for principles I glory To have nothing of the sort; I'm neither Wig nor Tory, I'm a candidate, in short. Intending claimants of Parliamentary honors cannot too early remove from themselves the stigma of being candidates of this stamp. Every man who asks his fellow-electors to send him to the Assembly as their representative, should have clearly defined political views, which he should have no hesitancy to express.— " Kaigoorlie Miner." 