Richmond. In response to over 50 invitations, to attend a meeting for the purpose of taking steps to form a strong Bicycle Club, sent out by Mr F G Daley, only one cyclist put in an appearance. Not very encouraging. The heavy winds that prevailed on Tuesday and Wednesday last will do a deal of damage j among stone-fruit orchards. The recent smoke concert, held in the School of Arts in aid of that institution, resulted in a profit of about £5. This is very good, considering the charges for admission were only one shilling and sixpence. The first match to be played by members of the Richmond Cricket-club takes place on Saturday next-when the married members will try con clusions with the bachelors. Several local bookies have tipped Mr C Bald win's " Telegraph" for the Hawkesbury Handi cap this Saturday. We hope the tip will prove correct. On Sunday evening next; at St Peter's Church, the Rev J Howell Price intends giving his second address, taking for his subject " Lies-White and Black." These addresses are well worth bearing. At a concert given in the Campbelltown Town Hall on Tuesday week last, in aid of St John's College, Miss D. Pryke (daughter of Mr J T PryUe, of this town) shone out most conspicuously i as a violinist. Thus the " Campbelltown Herald," of August 25th " Miss D Pryke was down on the programme for the violin solos. " 11 Trovatore," and "The Last Rose of Sum mer." For the last number, however, a selection from Scottish airs was substituted. We cannot too highly compliment Miss Pryke upon her efforts, the result of which was a .musical treat to the audience It was evident from her manipula tion of the bow that a careful training had been imparted." ... , Mr James Graham, who has been conducting successful services at Wilberforce, will commence a mission in the Wesleyan Church at Enfield, on Monday. 6th inst, and will continue it through the week. . . . . The Wingfield Tennis Club is again in full swing. The court, which was recently top-dressed and rolled, is now in good condition. A match is being arranged between the members of this club and the local Public-school teachers. Mr Cyril Pryke. son of Mr J T Pryke, had his wrist put out of joint whilst playing football on the park one day last week. With the assistance of Dr Watson and Warrant-Officer Sullivan, the1 iniured limb was soon put to rights. Mr Poole, who has been away on holidays, re turned during the week. Mr A Biddle, of Messrs Woodbill and Co s employ is at present away on holidays in Sydney. Miss Morris, of this establishment, is also away for changelpi scene. The final round of the draught tournament in connection with the School of Arts club was played on Monday evening last, the winner turn ing up in Mr H Strange, with Mr A Cornwell second The trophies for this tournament are a set of splendidly-bound works on draughts, and were presented by Senr-Constable IlJingsworth, who by the way, was the promoter of this flourishing club. Mr Strange has proved himself not too slow at the game, and has issued a challenge to play anyone in the Hawkesbury dis trln Three other trophies have been presented by Messrs C S Cuest. F J Viadin and P Charley. to be competed for. A meeting of ladies and the committee of the School of Arts was held on Wednesday evening last, to make arrangements for the forthcoming bazaar. Washiogton post" dance (performed for thP first time in the district by the Misses Eather fal Tessie Sly. and Grace Powell at Mrs Drew's recent social) was considered one of the prettiest dances seen performed. It reflects great credit on Mrs Drew, who was the first to introduce it. a decutation of twenty-one fruitgrowers from St Ives visited the H A College on Wednesday, for the purpose of inspecting the farm and nrrhard Principal Valder and officers showed the visitors round, each and all of them being de lichted with the trip and with what they had seen. The party left for home again by the 4 15 p.m tr The School of Arts Debating Society held its usual weekly meeting on Tuesday evening last. Mr Geo Waters occupied the chair, and the at tendance was large, including a good manylad.es The discussion for the evening was - What in fluence has dietetic science on moral and physical life" Dr Watson opened the discussion, and was bv Dr Helsham, Rev J L Fergusson, Rev ° Howtu PHce and Messrs G Waters and E ramnhell The discussion occupied two hours, Sri P« mi. i "d toMclive The Kiihiect for next Tuesday evening is " Story tellS" limited to actual e*perienpa. By stones !, Sin! nitration of « facts/'-dog, snake aRd ^A^Ir^pain^ra^cident befe'l Mr George Hough on Monday l*st, whilst working a chaflf-cutting machine at Mr P H Rage's place. He was en deavouring to draw some straw cqt of the machine when bis fingers came >n contact witn the knives, result being that three of the former were splU in halves from the points almost down o he third joints, Dr Watson attended to the wounds and is endeavouring to saye tt,e finprs^ .A meeting of the members of the IOCJM Odd fellows Lodge was held on Monday evening last, when arrangements were made for the holding of | tbAf°team "of6 tXs'piayers, representing the Cleveland-street Public-school, played a match against the local Superior Public-school team last week and gained an easy victory. The local team jonrneyed to Kogarab on Friday last to play the XoUeam at Out place, and were defeated by 24 SnrConstable jHlingworth Constable Wilson have industriously turned the available pieces of land at the Court house into very neat and practical experts.. Mr Barlow, who is managing Aid Kelly s orange orchard at Agses B.nks has turned this plac into one of the best orchards in the district The marriage of Miss Clarke, daughter of Mr Clarke, of North Richmond and Mr Ernest Buttsworth took place on Wednesday last at the residence of the bride's parents Good progress is being made by the recruits ot Yarramundi. under the charge of Warrantofocer Sullivan. and ere long this Utile township will possess quite a small regiment of brave defenders. Since writing this paragraph we hear the squad has been passed in by Major Bartlatt. We are compelled to hold over the scores of the Rifle Club's shooting, which took place last Saturday. On Wednesday morning last wbai might be termed a double runaway and smash occurred in Richmond, and for a time caused great excite ment. It appears that Messrs M E Kirwan and Shine were driving in a sulky towards East Rich mond, and when near the Post-office one of the wheels came of the trap. Mr Shine was quickly at the horse's head, but the animal got away and bolted down the street, at the same time throwing Mr Kirwan out of the sulky, without injury, how ever. In its mad career, the horse collided with Mr H T Blake's cart which was standing in front of Messrs Woodhill and Co's establishment. It next came in contact with one of the Singer Sew ing Machine Coy's hooded traps, in charge of Mr Dobson, in front of Mr G KildufPs shop. A lad named Ezzy was in the van holding the horse at the time. Dobson's charger now took fright and bolted, both vehicles being locked together. Things went right till the Royal Hotel was reached. At this juncture, Dobson's trap was dashed into the flagstaff, with the result that it was literally smashed up, and a new sewing machine was landed in the road, and met a simi lar fate. Mr Kirwan's borse then turned into Francis-street, where he was afterwards caught, being cut about considerably-whilst the sulky was also smashed. The lad Ezzy luckily escaped uninjured-other than receiving a few scratches having jumped out of the van before it came to grief Mr Craven, of Agnes Banks, has been putting up more buildings at that place, and is now building a cottage for the trainer of his horses to reside in. We hear that Mr Craven intends to train his horses here in the near future. One night last week a couple of lodgers in a building in West Market-street were startled by the presence of what they state was a ghost. The couple packed up their kits, and have now taken up fresh quarters Mr De Burgh, Engineer for Bridges, was in town during the week, and visited the Richmond Bridge for the purpose of reporting on the structure. Th« existing bridge has been standing for something like thirty-seven years, and it is certain that before long something must be done to it. The many friends of Mrs J and Miss Dunston, of Grose Vale, will be pleased to hear that they have both recovered from their recent sickness. Mrs Dunston had been laid up with a severe at tack of influenza, and Miss Dunston m»t with a rather serious accident by running a needle into her hand. Dr Helsham successfully extracted the needle. We have been shown a photograph of Mr J A Klein, B.A., of Agnes Banks, taken in his Uni versity gown. It is a true and life-like portrait of this talented gentleman, who recently achieved such marked success in the metropolis His friends' best wishes go witn him, and we hope to see him rise still higher on the ladder of fame Mr Patterson, the genial manager of Mr Craven's estate at Agnes Banks, has this season sown nearly the whole of this large agricultural scope with lucerne. 