Intercolonial Items. GHOSTS ON THE ROOF. A gentleman, who had been travelling in the Narrabri district. lately relates a very mysterious circumstance which happened at a certain station not 1000 miles from Collarendabri (writes an exchange). The house is a new one, and the walls are 14ft high. 'Tho only occupants present are the manager and his family. The gentleman, who is not of a nervous turn, gives a very graphic account of the affair, and he will give it to you in his own words. He says : " I had done a hard day's ride, and I was pretty well done up when I got to the station. Mr G Showed me to a room about 10 o'clock, and I retired to rest; thinking to get a good night's sleep. Mr.. and Mrs. G then went to their room immediately after, and I could tell that the light was put out, for their room was close to mine, and the light shone through the ventilators. Soon afterwards footsteps sounded in the hall, and I thought that Mr. G had gone out again,' so I took no more notice and dozed off: but my sleep was of short duration. 1 was awakened by a loud noise on the roof, as if a body had fallen on it. Then followed a noise as if someone Was slding down the iron, then a thud on the ground, then footsteps on the verandah, then through the house I could hear a chair move as if someone had sat down. Then the footsteps would continue, the bang on tho roof would commence again and on one occasion steps came to my door and the handle turned. I sat up in my bed and got my revolver in readiness; but no one entered, and the noise went on as before, and continued, the whole night. I never closed my eyes the whole night through, and if anyone wished for daylight I did that nighrt Well, it came at Iast and the noise ceased and as soon as I saw -. Mr G, I asked for an explanation. Mr G said he could not not make an explanation. He had tried to solve the mystery, but failed. On one occasion he sat in the hall at the door of, tho sittirig-room, and could plainly hear, the foot-teps and the chair drawn and someone'; sat down. He would open the door suddenly and strike a match, only to find the-room exactly as he left it. 'One night,' he says,: ' I was on the front verandah, and I saw; a fire about 100 yards from tho house towards the woolshed, which, is about half a mile away. I walked towards the fire, but couldnt get up closer to it ; but I followed it up till I came to the woolshed. It I then disappeared. I searched about the sheds and huts but, could find nothing there, so.''travelled towards home, and there was the fire again in; the same place as I had first seen it.- Mr. G says he is in no way superstitious, but., those noises occur every night and the mystery is not solved." ; A WESTRALIAN TRAGEDY News has been received from the Fitzroy regarding, the murder of Thomas Jasper. It is reported he was; murdered at Collins Station on 17th March while sleeping at the stock-yards, within 80 yards of the station. He was shot through the head, and'death was instantaneous. He had also received two spear wounds, while a third penetrated the saddle. Tho trackers identified the footprints about as those of Pidgeon and several other notorious criminals. The natives also fired at a boy while mustering stock, and several shots , were exchanged between whites and blacks.' The natives, who were concealed in an inaccessible range, fired on the station all day with rifles, shot-guns, and revolvers. The Fitztroy police arrived next day, and on the19th with the black-trackers, succeeded in surronding tho position held by the natives. At daylight they found the place vacated, and a heavy shower which fell during the night had oblilerated tho tracks. Guided by the smell of smoke tho party executed a skilul manouvre, and came upon the blacks in an almost invulnerable natural stronghold. They succeeded in getting within 20 yards, when Pidgeon immediately opened fire with a Winchester repeater. This was acknowlegod by such a storm of bullets from tho police that Pidgoon, with his usual tactics, escaped through a subterranean passage, taking the rifle with him. The black troopers obeyed instructions admirably. One of tho leaders of the natives were shot, and two others were wounded. A survey of the scene after the fight showed that theroe were nine separate native camps there, with Pidgeon's camp cleverly located in the centre. Double-barrelled guns, a large quantity of Webley revolvers and ammunition and an immense store of native weapons woee secured by the police; A native woman in custody gives information to the effect that Pidgeon reconnoitres all night, as he is trying to shoot another white man." The native who shot Jasper used a revolver, but Pidgeon and others, including one of those shot dead, used spears. Only 24 hours elapsed between the discovery of the murder and the rout of the natives by the constables. The work was done on foot, it being impossible to use horses. . AN ALIEN'S FEUD. . Tommy Ango, a Polynesian, was condemned to death by the Queensland Supreme Court for the murder of Andrew Thompson at Dunwicch Benevolent Asylum, on 26th January. From the evidence it appears that the accused and deceased, who was 70 years of age, were both inmates of the Benevolent Asylum. On the morning of the 26th January accused and Thompson went down to the bench, and soon afterwards a man named Fitzgerald heard two screams, and saw accused walking after Thompson. Fitzgerald saw accused strike the deceased with an instrument across the head. The deceased fell on his face, and accused bent over and struck him three or four times across the head with the instrument. Thompson died a few minutes after. At some distance further along the beach tho body of a Chinaman named See Ong was found lying on the beach. The Chinaman when found, was in a dying condition from wounds on the head, and only lived for a few minutes The accused and Thomson were not knoivn to have had any illfeeling, but there was a distinct illfeeling between the accused and the Chinaman. The accused was seen to throw away the iron bar, which he afterwards picked up. While accused was being taken from the beach to the surgery he attempted to cut his throat, and was nearly successful in doing so. The jury strongly recommended him to mercy on the ground that he was suffering from a distressing disease. The Judge will convey tho recommendation to the Executive. 