CHAPTER II. Evesi Adtiotaoe. Eustace wont hack to Elatree next day. He had conic to Palatine squaro for a day and a night, being wanted in Burlington street by a gentleman whom he looked upon as ono of the enemies of the human race—a very scientific and superior person who did all sorts of disagreeable things to Eustace's mouth and teeth, ruthlessly extract-', ing any tooth whose position offended his hypercritical oyc. Bad as extraction was, he could bear that, like a hero, but worse remained behind, • in the shape of what the dentist called ' taking an impression,' in which, procoss hot beeswax was crammed into! his mouth and kept there till it cooled at the risk of suffocatiou—the result of which ordcnl by hot wax was a silvor, or gold, or vulcauite plate, which mado life more or leas of a burden ; while it was accounted basest villainy on tho part of Eustaco if he wore this modern instrument of tortnrc in his pocket instead of on bis jaws. All the morning of his brief holiday had bccu devotod to this dreary business of having his teeth pulled out and his mouth modelled for another new plate — a plate which was to exercise the sevorest pressure upon two obstinate little tusks which tho dentist talked of learnedly as caniues. Nobody asked Eustace whether ho thought the game was worth the candle, or whether he would not just as soon keep tho canines as nature made them. He complained that he was handed over to Mr. waitright as if he had been a black slave. 'Has a.fellow to wait till he is twenty-one before he is master of his own mouth ?' Eustace asked at tho> dinner table in the schoolroom; but: thcro was nobody present of sufficient learning to answer the question. ' Can his parents have a sixth form boy strapped into a chair and tortured ?', ' Oh, Staoic, you have never been strapped 1' cried Fluff. 'No, but I expect it wonld come to that if I didn't give in,' said Eustace, darkly, ' Beens if you was strapped,' said Fluff, musingly, ' I should like, to ha there to sce.'w'' . Eustace lia»l Lcen huffed yesterday at tea, hut the sun never went down on his wrath. His temper was quick, hut his affections were warm and" strong. He adored the pretty fair-haired mother, and as he had to leave home early, ho pleaded for an interview in mother's bedroom. She heard the voice in the corridor, and called ont, ' Stacie, Stncie, darling,' and he went into the bright pretty room which opened out of mother's boudoir, • and found her sitting up in bed in a blue silk breakfast jacket—a fair girlish face looking out of a nest of pale blue frilling and'laee-triuimcd piillows. Mrs. Lerwick is sitting np to take her morning chocolate, while her Ifrench maid holds a review of gowns, tippets, fichus, and other finery, discoursing vivaciously as she tosses the costly frippery about. ' Hut truly madamc has nothing to wear. This blue gown is altogether impossible.' ' Oh, I am so fond of that blue surah. Come and kiss me Stacie—I must wear it again. It fits me better than anything Ainelie lias made for ages.' ' Hut, madame," have the goodness to look at the edge of the skirt—cut to pieces. .' '"When does your train go, love? Hut yon can mend. that hem, Bahette.' ■ Bahette shrugs her lean little shoulders, and throws down the blue silk frock; as if it were almost too foul a thing to hold any longer tin her •superfine fingers. . 'But, madame, that soft silk does ;'jiot mend itself—there is not enough of substance to hold a needle.' • • This means that the blue frock is cashiered. Mrs. lerwiok will see it no more; hut somebody else will go to Hainpton Court in it next Sunday after noon, escorted by one of Mr. Hunter's ■undcr-cooks from the famous confec tioner's on the other side of the square. Stacie clambers on to n chair beside the bed and gives his mother a vigorous hug. 'I hope you've enjoyed your holiday, dearest,' she says, in the midst of a shower of kisses. ' I've enjoyed seeing yon—I didn't enjov the dentist.' . 'So, no, of course not. But I want all rnv sons to he handsome.' She looks for something on the • littered table, where a fat, yellow covered French novel, a mammoth silver eau-de-Cologne bottle, a fan, a heap of letters, three lace-edged hand kerchiefs, and the chocolate service, are crowded anyhow. She picks a lizard skin purse out of the jumble, and opens it,.and a shower of gold rolls out over the silken coverlet. ' Oh, mummy, how rich you are !' She gives Eustace a couple of sovereigns, ' and has to submit _ to a second bug. while Bahette picks up the rest of the gold, and places it in a little pile on the dressing table with ostenta tious carefulness. "" ' "Won't I have a ripping bat,' says Eustace, and a voice calls from with out— . ' Low, Master Eustace, unless you "want to lose your train.' 'Wily, of course I want to lose my train,' he says, with a last kiss from the • pretty mother, ' but I mustn't do it,' and.off he goes.. ' Tou can put out the pink crcpon for Sandown,'sighs Mrs. Lerwick as she , picks up the yellow-hacked novel and twirls the leaves listlessly. Palatine square, as everybody knows, is ono of the choicest positions in West End, London. It is an old world square in which there aro scarcely two houses exactly alike. Some have been rebuilt and are palaces, Italian, German, or early English, with roofs that aspire ekywards, minarets and watch towers, campaniles and clustered chimneys, flying balconies and oriel windows, all that is fantastical and expensivo in architecture. Other houses there re main just as they were under the first and second George, when . Palatine square was young; houses so plain and homcliko that one might fancy oneself in a country manor house. Again, there a few smaller houses— cosy little houses squeezed in between two colossal neighbours, houses with a haloony.lierc and a veranda there, and a delicato patrician grace in their modest stairways and low-ceiled rooms opening one into the other. Mr. Lerwick's house was one of the • largest in. the square as to reception j rooms, and one of the rvorst as to bed rooms. It was an old house; and though it had been gorgeously decorated and finished at Mr. Lerwick's expense there had been no thought of lifting the roof and letting light, space, and air into those terrible third-floor rooms. Fascinated with the lofty double drawing-room, the six tall windows, the Italian ehiinney-pieccs, Mrs. Lerwick had gone up to the top floor predisposed to be delighted with everything she found there. ' Ok, Tony ? she exclaimed, as she and her husband went upstairs, 1 what a house for parties! AVc must have it.' 'But they are asking thirty thou sand for a short lease.' 'Is it.much?' ' And the ground rent is a hundred and fifteen.' ' That sounds very little. Those drawing-rooms, Tony ! You must let me furnish those. You shall have your own way in all the rest of the house.' ' But, Nell, I haven't made up my mind to buy it.' 'But you will make up your mind I know, dear, when you've had another look at those drawing-rooms,' and slim pearl gray fingers twined themselves found 'Tony Lerwick's largo doe-skin thumb. They had newly returned from a winter's yachting in the Mediterranean, and had been house-hunting for a week before an obsequious agent brought them to Balatine square to view—that was the agent's expression—Lord Some body's house, only vacated at Christmas. Mrs. Lerwick tripped lightly through the upper rooms, holding her silken skirt off the dirty floors and looking about with a smiling casual air, counting the rooms as she passed through, and not happen ing to remark that there was hardly a foot between the ceiling and top of her husband's head. ' Eustace's bedroom,' she said, point ing to a little room at the back. 'Such a dea_r tiny room—I'll have it furnished so prettily for him. The day and night nurseries—lovely pauneled walls, and sweet old basket grates—land a double bedded room for nurse and Miss Perry.' 'I thought a governess expected a room to herself.' ' Not Miss Perry. She is only a nursery governess. One can't , put up with airs from a.person of that kind.' ' No. But she mayn't he able to put up with 110 air,' says Tony, dryly, ' and I'll he hanged if she'll get much in such a dog-kennel as this, if you put two beds in it.' ' Dog-kcmiel, Tony! "With thnt lovely Adam mantelpiece!'. ' Adam won't keep her cool in the dog days,' muttered Tony. But he was not strong enough either in argument or in will to oppose his pretty wife; so the lease of the fine house in Palatine square was bought, and. the last modish upholsterer—who called himself an artist —was let loose in the drawing-rooms, and Louis Seize and a chilly severity of line being the rage that year, the result was more adapted to the tropics than to the average English seasons. Slim straight legs of chairs anil tables reflected themselves in a polished floor as 011 the surface of deep water; the pale azure curtains fell in straight liues from the six tall windows. The rooms had a cold grandeur and bleak spacious ness that frightened Fluff out of liis baby wits if he happened in his quest of ' Mummy' to run in and find only emptiness. He would make off as fast as his little legs would carry him, leav ing the tall half-door to swing slowly and silently to 011 its superior rising butt hinges, as if some ghostly hand had closed it. Sooth to say, though no grisly legend attached itself to that house in Palatine square, there was a feeling of ghosts in some of the rooms and corridors which moved children, and even grown-up servants, with sensations of vague fear. The shadows huug so darkly in those low-ceiled passages above. There were such strange closets—closets within closets, doors within doors, to say nothing of a ghostly back staircase which had been shut off at the bottom of the second flight years and years ago, and now only harboured mice and musti ness. Even Mrs. Lerwick, proud as she was of her drawing-rooms when her friends were grouped about at stately distances after a dinner party, or at one of her concerts, when there was barely stand ing room—even she confessed that the rooms made her melancholy when there were no people. It may have been partly on this account that Mrs. Lerwick was seldom at home of an ovoning with out people. A London house, with a London mother, means a dull life for small boys, even if their shelties take them for au early gallop in the Row every fine morning, where thoy bucket along, much to the discomfiture of some of the elderly gentlemen in the Liver Brigade who, jogging quietly on their over-fed cobs, are apt to envy Herod his despotic power, or to regret the neglect of Malthus. ' Pipe them kids!' cries a gutter snipe, with hitter emphasis, as the two hoys, dressed alike in neat little jackets and breeches, and drab gaiters, and billycock hats, trot along Prince Frederick street on their way to the park. But after a week of such morning rides the pam pered Palatine square children sicken at the monotonous exercise, and Paul in forms his friend Tandy, the groom, that all riding except to hounds is tommy rot. The fact that the morning ride is insisted 011 as a matter of hygiene naturally takes all the flavour of plea santness out of it. In Dorsetshire they are keen enough, for even when there ave no hounds afoot the furze bushes on on those breezy commons, the ditches that divide the fields, afford ample scope for ' leppiug,' to say nothing of a cer tain rural course where they eau run their ponies while the dew is on the summer grass, and the keen morning air' in their shelties' nostrils quickens the pace and stimulates to skittishness. In Loudon Paul complains there is nothing to do. Kven the theatres to which their mother takes them from time to time offer but feeble joys— tommy rot—in the shape of serious plays and sentimental comedy, being the dramatic staple at the fashionable houses, and bitrlcsque the rare excep tion—save in the unpalatable shape of comic opera, where the fun is swamped by the music. If father would take them to the music halls there might be something to live for ; but father has pledged himself not to take them, by a solemn promise to mother, whose lamentable ignorance is allied to ridiculous prejudices, and who believes every music ball to be a sink of iniquity, where wicked songs are sung to wicked people. ' 1 bate the London season,' exclaims Paid, with his shoulders sunk into the padded angle of a large armchair and his navy blue legs swinging in space. 'It's simply beastly!' 'Tou might have better reason for saying that if you lived in the slum at at the back of the mews,' his governess answers gravely. ' No, 1 shouldn't, for I should have something to amuse me,' says Paul, with a tremendous emphasis upon the pun, of which Miss AVarrcu takes uot the faintest notice. ' I could keep rabbits —I could go into the stables whenever I liked.' ' How would you like sleeping eight in a room ? ' ' Can't say, for I never tried it.' Hiss 'Warren sighs, hut her rule with boys of Paul's stamp is to ignore im pertinence. He has never been able to sting her to retort or argument. If •Minerva herself had condescended to be his mentor, that divine lady could not have held herself more aloof from the little world of his small mind. He never has had the satisfaction of know ing what she thinks of him. Miss Warren is nearer forty than thirty. She is grave and pale, a neat thin figure, always appropriately dressed. Ho salient point in her physiognomy or her attire lends itself to juvenile laughter. She wears no foolish feathered hat, carries no preposterous parasol or gampish umbrella. Her garments are neither old- fashioned nor new-fashioned, but of a severe simplicity that bears the stamp of a tailor who knows how the world is moving. Paul did not love his governess, but lie could not help respecting her, and he could not help learning of her, and, worse, as he thought, could not help boing interested in his work with her, for she made him think as woll as learn, and his young mind grew under her teaching. She had read a good deal, for a woman, and when compared with the elegant Mrs. Lerwick, who had forgotten all she had ever learnt in the schoolroom, Miss Warren seemed an ■inexhaustible reservoir of kuovrledge. I But then Miss Warren laboured under the disadvantage o£ being what Paul's particular friend Tandy, the groom, called a plain-headed one. ' I see your new governess this morning, Master Paul,' said Tandy, 'and she is a plain-headed one !' And Miss Warren laboured under the disadvantage of not liking dogs—in the house. ' If she don't like 'em in the house, Master Paul, you bet she don't like 'em nowheres. I knows the kind of people as likes a dog in his place—and that dog's place, in them people's estimation, is at the bottom of the river.' Miss "Warren, not liking dogs, was at once put down as a person of evil instincts and concealed vices-—such as cruelty and treachery; and it was a disconcerting thing to discover that Mother's Spitz insisted upon adoring Miss Warren, and that Fluff's fox terrier, Pincher, had never been known to growl at her. 'Spitz never had much intellect,' said Paul. 'His brains have all run to hair—but I didn't know that Pineher was little better than a fool.' Nobody in Palatine square knew that in her small way Miss Warren was a philanthropist, and that much of her aftornoon leisure wa6 spent in the sliuns of West, End London—the poor hovels that lie'hidden behind the stately streets of the Palatine Hill, and for which the strong hand of improvement waits, aimed with a pickaxe, to lay them all low when the leases run out. And when that day of annihilation comes, the little laundress, the cobbler, the servants' dressmaker, the jobbing tailor, the charwoman, and the professional beggar will have to carry their rags and their sticks, their measles and scarlet fever, far away from the Palatine neighbour hood, and the only shadow across the sunshine of its splendour will vanish into unknown space. Yes, Paul respected his governess, although she never called him Poppy, or Paulino, as his mother did, or Poll, or Polly, as his easy-going, good-natured father loved to call him. He had made up his mind not to like her; and he was a 'young person of strong will—a resolute temper that had been fostered by eleven years of having his own way. No, Paul was not plastic. Two years ago, when he was handed over to Miss Warren, he had wanted to go to Elstrec, and not to have a governess. And after that could he he expected to like his governess'? It was not Miss Warren's fault but her misfortune that he must needs detest her to the end of their acquaintance. He couldn't help getting on under her tuition. She was so ' beastly conscientious.' Everybody except himself was pleased with the arrangement, and Elstree and its cricket field were further off than ever. ' lie is ever so much cleverer than Stacie,' said his mother. 'Awfully advanced for eleven years old. He knows move Shakespeare than I do.' Paul remarked that this was easy, as dear mummy's ideas about Hamlet, Othello, Macbeth, aud Lear were some what mixed. ' I believe if I told her that Hamlet smothered his wife, or that Macbeth's wicked daughters turned him out of doors in a thunderstorm, she wouldn't know I was greening her,' said Paul. Even Tandy the grooni, had been forced to admit that Hiss "Warren was a* person of vast learning. ' I never see such a pig for books, Master Paul,' said Tandy, ' she regular cats 'em. I meets her on the common when I'm exercisin' in Dosset, aud she's alius got her nose in a book. Trudges aloug readin', readiu', readin'. I woiider she don't let herself down on her knees over them hillocks.' One redeeming virtue Miss "Warren bad, and it was a great one. She did uot live in the house. She came at nine o'clock—with a most odious punctuality—and she was supposed to leave at one. But she wns repreliensibly lax in the matter of departure, aud had sometimes committed the injustice of staying till a quarter past, in spite of clocks, and the broadest hints from her pupil. Neither in London nor in Dor setshire did she take bite or sup under her emplycr's roof, save when—once in six months or so—formally invited to tea, to meet the curate and his wife, or Mr. Lerwick's land stewaixl and his j daughter. She was liberally pnid, and the engagement suited her. In Loudon she lived with her people in a back street out of Marvlebone mad. In Dorsetshire she hoarded with the village doctor's family, and helped the doctor considerably by nursing his poorest patients. A London spring, a London house, and all the restrictions of a London life had hegun to show its effects in pale cheeks and languid limbs before Slav began; and even lira. Lerwick's pretty eyes, which had so many pretty things to look at, observed that Fluff had not quite such a nice eolour as he had had at Heatherside, where he played about in the open air all day long. Paul was always headachy in town; hut that was put down to his superior intellect, and never to want of oxygen. Fluff's pallor was considered more alarming, and the family doctor was consulted, who pre scribed a tonic and plenty of outdoor exercise; advice which caused a good deal of ill-will and a good many tears on the part of the patient, who preferred hi3 corner of the nursery floor and his clockwork loco motives and tin soldiers to the parks or the square. Indeed it was one of the young mother's grievances that her darling preferred the stuffiest corner in that stuffy room—with the treasures of the toy cupboard—to the elegant luxury of her Victoria, and could only be induced by bribery to accompany hef in her afternoon drive. 'I hate going for a drive,' h« grumbled, when his mother sent him off to he dressed in his newest velvet suit for one of these afternoon airings. ' Oh, Fluff, hate going out with rae ?' ' 'Tain't with you much of the time. You're sticking in some shop, and I have to sit outside, and the beggars come and worry me, and you won't let me have Pincher to bark at them.' ' Of course I must do my shopping ; but you are in the open air, and that's what the doctor wishes. You ought to enjoy the drive in the park afterwards.' ' I don't call that a drive—crawling along—for you to keep bowing and grinning at people, or standing still fol young men to talk to yon ; and you won't let me talk to Tandy.' 1 Certainly not. No well behaved little boy would want to talk to a groom in public.' ' That's stuck-up nonsense !' said Fluff, in an ascending scale of naughtis ness, which ends in his being sent ta St. James's Park with his nursery governess, in deep disgrace, but with a basket of bread to feed the ducks, and a shilling to buy a toy boat. [to BE COXTIXUXD EEXT WEEK.J 