HHE LAST EOOEJXTiBIiCrTY <0© osaioe® the raiNce. {From 'fflJadTaiul' TFMte.") BEER cnrtaini fell, tout a>e per formers remained in tfie attitudes they bad adapted <when the last ?words of itibe great play were spoken; the applause rang through the boose, and tie curtain nose for the tableau and feii again, (But stKi the audience was dissatisfied, and 1 was obliged' perforce to break my rule off a«t appearing be fore .the curtain immediately after I bad Jjeen lolled behind It-such an. ap pearand- to my mind being inartistic. As manager and etar it <was my proud privilege to lead on Mrs. Horatio Ban nennan, my leading lady, an settees of repute; and our, or rather her ap pearance, for I bad caet m^gdf for a sulwSdiary part, was the signal for prolonged anduee, while a bouquet tlirwrnn from the stagenUox fell at my feet. "Did you eee who threw It ?' eager ly questioned* my friend the moment we were out of sight of the audience. " The people In the stage-box," said "Or said she. from the tone of her voice I gaitfe ered ehe -was disappointed, the oecu ptwts of the box being- three ladies and- a gentleman. I aisiked my mana ger who they were, and learnt that I had been entertaining royalty una wares, the <box lia,ving been com manded at the last moment by (the Grand Duke of Mappstein- Swansnefc, the rightful occupants being accom modated elsewhere, and1 being recom pensed by receiving an autograph letter .of tfeanfcs from aie duke tiie following day. Xow, It was the last night of the season, and I had been casting round in my miitdi wlie-re I sliouM go tor my autumn vacation. "Besides acting. I had had a busy season socially, and I paa-doularfy wished to get aiway to some spot where I eoujd be free from society and Its incidental duties, but had- not tfrougiit «tC a (riaee that quite fulfilled aSI my requirements. 'Eng land was out of Hie question. I should liave been lionised witererer I went. America, I had visited' the previous spring, so there I shoniil have been eagjeised; and, as I did mot orish to be kangaroosed. Australia was equally impossible. Switzerland I knew, Nor way is almost Margate-by-tie-Sea now adays in August, so <when the territory of Alappstein-Swansnefe wss menUoa ed I said' to myself, "Why motand; receiving u» snrtsflnctary objection' in reply, a couple of days later Sound- me entering the former of the ittvo king doms over which. the {Jiandi Duke ra'cns. It was a deliigti'fiCyl country, and I sav.it ttoonougMy «a my .bicycle, by mafctng various villages and towns centres and cyelinE aH round tiiem. Tfaos in. tlie course of time 1came to KoJHiersohoal, in wfioee "riciiiage is the banting Jodie of the Grand Duke. And there, for <the beauty off the neighborhood (was mtore than oaaffimon, I licgored for some time, the place was not witiiout jisatoitaEW, chiefly the attitude <tt the people-Hieir muttered remarks as I passed them, mid 4ihelr absurd, Bntoserrient manners. I saw .tfliat tfiey loiew who I was, though how they knew, so, Car dfrwm UwidoE, I could. not fathom . I am not supposed' to Ibe eo much a comedian as a tx&gedsan;, but mine host of tie Golden Grapes evadentlly. thought r followed the lighter branch i of tbe histrionic art, and- Justified1 tils appreciation of my sense *>l£ hninbr by laughing 'heartily at anything I Eaid. "Wiiat -tria your Excellency bare for breakfast Vo-mocnrn' T' he wouid inquire. t "I am cot an 'Excellency,'" I would regKy, "and I wJIUkwc Sam and. eggs.'" ".No, your Excellency! Vcs. your Excellency." lie would: return, and' then shake with undisguiKUWe onirih. On auofher occasion, Trashing {o see orer the hunting lodge. 1 a eked the worthy idiot it any of .tie family <n-as at borne, knotn-ing i&at; to be admitted .wouM be out <of tiie question ft it -was. He stared at me for a. moment, and then, conghSng anil' choking with laughter, replied: that only Princess Madeline and. tier governess ,were there. Wihea I at&ed; where the joke came iq, he said' I ejiould be »?*««» death tst him, ana with a. low trawfiefesme to go and xeH tie fcoots Wife ntajpy gesac ulaSons; and, leaving- boea; ifiarcngk ly Incapacitated1, hp trotod down ibC village street to . tell the .poetjnaUL whom I aftenwar3smet hastening on his rounds very late Indeed, owing. I presumed, to tiiat ereeStent joke wliieili he had boeti retaliiiiir at ^very hpnse whene he stopped.' I f«Tt grieved Bttot L the tmiversal provider of the joke. slitraM & the onjy one triio could not sse it. Seotsniea, according to the pcpuiar ftelieff. never can see Tie point any-soom of immor.. I- never toad HeaSsei it nnca tlmo. ©at ,"wtoat grieved me most was ttoat 1 Ghould be fallen. tor a comedian ratter than a tragediac. if any'inhabitant of Eon. nerschoD' visits my theatre on a first night I shall be sorty both for the author and myself, for I know chat, uaieonsclons of what he is doim^. he wg. '-guy .the piece jnst (because he has got Hie 4dea Into his head that I sin a ©ometan, ami- that everything I do and Say must be laughed at. This self-same Prfnocss At^-w ?was the lady who tnrow 4he bouquet on fihe last nljrht-Jar the season-of "The Protector,"" audi I was Bather curious to see her again, as she has the reputa tion' of being the most beau tiful Princess out of England, bad I <«<I- not antKiiprale imoetsng her In tbe way l eventually did. Only. unfortu nately. one never anticipates the things that are a/bout to occur. There -was about a dwzen miles from Konnetschon and two from the hnnt Iodise a rained castie, said to he haunted, though that Is hareUy the -word one cares to ose in ctmnecHon with the beautiful spectre who is suj> Pos^d to walk in the ancient tower at dead of night, and' -who is sa'ui to be so ewjy that it Is apie asure a> Mm or. Llnd thither I made <up bit mind to go-not at night, for wlbile rdo not oeuere an spirits, ghosts, and Jwefies hand 1 ^ Dot wish Tolo^ my unlbehef, and therefore do not "O out oc any way to meet the stray deni zens of the occult world. Ail wc-nl trail on the forwoifl journey, though the hiHs were «rncl from a ?CTx-list-g Point of view, and Made the time I had at the castie shorter tlian I had in ended . What I lost on "the ontiwarf jounn»y, however, I gained on the re ton, which, mas nearly aU dowc-hilL aud was got over with Safe peaking -at least, that part off it accomplished «n my machine. 1 had gone (but a mHe or so when I esmne to a hill that ought to have been laMled "This hill is dangerous to cyclists" fey the focal Union; bat, as that part, of the world boasts mo Dnion of this -de scription, I wjus iaikeo in by a decep tive corner of tie road, and in a few minutes, witli an arm aching .through attempting to hold the break band; on, I was madly plunging doewn the de clivity at tbreacfcoeck speed. ^The foi??,ers bad been cutting trees in the JocaSfj-, a emaE sapling had been 5m on the Kkul diretT.y in my path, so shortly after mte-Zlug lIle 01,1 down I described a graceful J>ara!l>ole which landed me oil my head <oul a mossy ilKJiik, white my machine, after dSrens leaps and bounds, fell on its side, hopelessly damaged. On fixmiing to myseK. I rHonffht I was still unconscious. "IT this is tlie result of foMiiHT on one*« head arwi jrettins; etuned' I rather lite it" said. I to myself, looking- up into the dark eyes of the aogel upon wliose lap ov head was testing. "This is a dreamt I said to myself firmly. ' "A silly dream, and 'in a hra.ee of shakes I shall wa£e np-9>nt not before I hare had another look air the- vision ct beauty I have conjured up from the vasty d£eg> of jny aeSre totsiin.9* -And I opened my eyes, which again met hers. "Why wiui you do these rash things T' a sired a musical voice, with a moet delighttal emphasis on the 'vrtir : titen rfie moved- slightly so as to get my' head in a more ? eafy posi tion - I felt something hard Against my face. "Tbis is no dream," said' I to mjv seM. ftit feeds very mud lite a buckle. In fact, I'm sure Sfs a btfdde. ? And then my thouglxts -wandered. "Sjour HighnesR." (said another voice, "the carriage is here. "Then 33ft the g^entSemati' up <sare fully sti<l put hSgn on the slght-hasid sifle," replied the angel voice address T as IffigJinees." "When rtie wiffing hands took me up I felt, firom the rarkras shatp twinges of pain, that someittiing serious had happened to me, and I masted a num ber of precious .moments t>_v fiiin«ng. On the following day the doctor told me that I had knocked myself atout considerably, that I had spraimsl this and strained that and that I must star in bad for such a time, and' so on. I believe has advice was excellent, bur I paid little heed to it. as <my iwonhy host tod come op in the midst of the consultaries to tell me a lady had caSiiefl' to see me anQ would come nj> stali» W4iml the doctor had finished with me, so I was only too aniioas to dispense with any medical man's at tendance to detain, hiiu, fljy asj.-.i.n^ jjfjjj tor fnrtber details. At Ia£t flie Worthy man traiked to 4he window, and- bo^in^ to someone below said. "Getting on splendidly wie shali soon have <bdm on iw'g feet again, Princess." Then taming to me he said: *1 win call in again this evening we most not koep her Highness .wait ing, ch !-31r Graham T' Then, laugh ing as if he ihad^ made a goofc j&e;, he leift me, tiiiiddng of the title of a comedietta to be "writaton 19) to date, to be be entitled "The Comedian and the Doctor: a Soaring Farce"-I felt sure it would be vetnr snoeeasful 4f I oonld only set the medico to esplaan the joke and the plot. 1 hafl! not got far, Siour ever, In my cogitations vrhett Princes Angel, as I caEtsd her to myself, enter ed. preceded' by the bowing hotel pro prietor and' the announcement "Pjto cess Madelime." It nnneces^sarv branches of the QyrfisiK' Touring for me to say that I was esiremeiy gratified at the visit, which vpas of ®bort duration, and hampered J>v the presence of the <rountes«- von Gr^ifTtm snacz, the Princess's duenna. If it ?was short it .was sweet, and when, placing her hand in mine to shake it, this most tender of Princesses left there a tiny scrap of paper, I told my sejf I votrid not have prolonged r.iu interview by a second, wen though I had, been al£e, so anxious was I to see what message she had written to me In one respect It was like her visit., ' ^ *^Get beaer .quickly for my sake, At first I though* I had' brain' ferer, but no, my head was dear and cool and I could recaile every word that hail been spoken during her visit; then I thought of the many letters I had received at various times from ad mirers of the otjher sex, persons who bad never, seen me off the stage, and who wrote ine MtM-s of four sheets Jtongj whi«<li my, sacrecary thaniaed "fflietu for and iretumedi tritii, polite notes wiittten in my name; tout this mfcaage, my instinct told me, was not toe outpouring of a «ag»siwck silli tatt, and' my heart Wounded as I Siomght «f the poss&ilittes;, and as qutekSy Back m-hen I thought of the Uf oar' mucual l«.ve. i fajv anfl 1 was to get well for ber sake-for her sake. My meditations were quickly tiro feen toy my irrepressible bnt kindly host, full of suggestions and reme uies mot in the ^atunacopoela' of my doctor, which three or four centuries ago would have secured him burial by cremation, without any espense to himself and .with absolutely no trouble to fafim or consideration of his opinion on the subject in question. I was plea sed to see him, however, for I thought to myself it would be strange if I could nof get some information con cerning my divinity from the con versation of such a igarriiloas Individ ual as Herr Hochtofs had proved him self. ^ My -first question was if the rumor that coupled the names of Princess Madeline and Princ-e Osmond as pros pective wife and husband had any foundation of truth. The question' was put as carefully as possible, but 1 tvas hardly prepared for the. answer: my worthy friend looked at me for a moment and then, buRting into peals of laughter, said, as 4>efore, that I should Joe the death of him-a prog mostjicationi, 3J am thankful to say, that was not realised. On pressing ifor an answer it/appealed tihat they wea-c engaged, and bad ^>een fbr some nfc "Tiie^ say iPrioce Osmwi is iiSstoeadT* said I- 4 "* **Heaven torbi<i V* -cried ',** But surely fce i$ eoeatiteff jy.* madness ?* I ^ofit3iin®. ^ a fanny man, and Ito to . " fip' explained my eome tere his JoKC, j ".ssssf-riffisk ?.<?*' S^ yow-o«r feture Emperor, re plied ?wonder "flia!t ^| ttfogld think 6f t gfTL ^eline proved him that Princess ^Stod^ne was the sender <*? «« »®te 1 reeasure? in my pocket-took- - v* "Osmond is aferoad, X balere-^ "'I Lred my host««Ube sTi Tri& apoplexy, but Jefrailed together and gurgted -forth, K y Excellency pleases-" .^ I failed to see iiow it rested 'WWk me, though C tod been, «mt<^t »* were so. for the farther off OsaWnd iran the more pleased irae I The diajB went tout slowly, JTe absence of the ever-expected Princess making Hie Wme seem longer: ana me determination to go to her did more - to cure ore. I think, than tiie physic of the doctor who attended me. In & f«v davs I was flWe to drive up i° Te Castle to thank my Princess lor the , . ifliror fcindnessee she lias done me. The rrincesf blushed -when I ap peared, but 4ra. .& to meet me. anS to he?p me to a. cb~5r, and if the Conn- * teas bad only the sense to leave as alone I would liiwo beeni '3k happwsst of men. Daring- our conversation Madeline mentioned that ehe made a pilgrimage evwry day to <tbe ?»**[? of a. favorite dog. buried- on JtJie toaak of a rippling stream, and' .wtom l. learnt that the Jtwor -was eleven W&T;* and that the path -was to precipitins for lie Countess to accompany »er I made a menfeai .note Jo the effect tii-it 1 would bo there as soon as I conltt bobble as far. Aud *t2idb $t came about that I enjoyed mnch sweet con verse with the Cairest of Tier sex: con verse that cutaanaied in ^ ^edara tion of my passion, and in the avowal of its redprocation. ff pointed ont to my love that ,it -would be useless for me to ask fcer father's ^consent, ^wnsid^ring tbat fih© ; h was a Princess and I, though at the top of my profession, mereiy an ecbor. and I begsRi her to mazsy me seereiSy At first she would not consent, saying that bet- great-grandmother, a power ful potentate, rcconld iwvot tfor^ive her for mnfrsng a runaway match, bnt when 1 pleaded1 witii her-"^A3n X not one of the mostlfainous stage lovers ?' -she btashingly gave ter ccnsent, on condition sthat to should. -when lier father tod forgiven us, and tad come round to our way of thinfcaig. be rciar ricd as l>afittied' o-ur station at the cathedcal church, ait Tvieflisu. ?t was a young girl's fancy, and I readily Ml in with dt. Only <hk» 'was I stopped toy gams as X'&*esp&£sed In the Iloyal -s. and os soon as they saw my ?SeTSev aU apologies: au3 ^ ~3 !h^r ^med more anxious ft er ^ i. ^ r Yf -s to avoid tiiem, t» avoid me ^Jiaia 1 w^- T jnst before theelo»61^"^ to come off it -was made the nreeence at Konnerschon oi was I lest Oinyihins slwnld froa! -ttms away ^ 1 trvstins places-oae at the XVest Ixms® g-ate at half-past .ten, and <rhe ^ the Somh Uodge at imadiiignt, *be (womiA to ca'se « ma3 ^p^Me to tbe first -arrt ?was ia th« Castle garden. and mv fooihasnSiness was rewarded by my^ tmnx the Grand Dulse Jiunsejf. n tfew inches to EroM «f seeing me. with a smile on 'his jfaoe prartjably thiifldng of that PVniwTor eaa-in-law "ttoit be nopea to -sec^- Atialf^astten^^e^ in my arms, and I trae supporting dot ^ carriage I tod readyj bm. the pfelion bad torelr tadtimeto^ rte horses to a canter when we came to a. sudden stop- The door .robflung open and the Grand sword in hand, demanding what it aB . meant. It was tiseless «>showfijht Cj ore -were auite stirroanded ; and ma f»w mtmit.es we were ail standing to ^ principal. room of cottage-Madeline, I, the Grand Onfce, two or three officers in uniform, and a. man 111 a cloak, who appeared -to be shaking with laughter. «l«h \- "Which of yon if bis -Boyal Bisn aess Prince Osmond ?' demanded tbe Grand Duke, pale "Say riiat yoo are, MadeUne ue saugbt tne iwitb tearful , \- But I am not." I replied, *? I am called Graham, and. as I Wve told you and eretyone. I am an a«or from the Piccadilly Theatre, a^ndon You may liare heard of me, I addett ibitleriy, for I kegan to ^ KonmavKbon bad leagued stself to gether to believe flrat I was someone «lse. and *were indeed 'ignorant ot my histrionic positiom. " As <rhc title is ffoins begging l migbt as "well claim it," said the m:ui in the cloak, coming into tJie light. "And in support of my claim gease observe the Royal mark of the House of ilappetein ? ond be bared bis neck, showing a scar, ttie image ol a peacock with tail o<utepread. I lucky In arriving in time, ell, Pria ccss ?" The man -was my exact double, \- Y'eiy^* murmured Madeline, Witu ont lookins at me. . I saw it aJl now. !Ehe striking uk<v ness I bore tbe Pirinoe -was such that it bad deceived everyone, incSidins the Princess bensdf; and- ."Mr. Gi^ ton." bis (bicycling proeiivines, ana bis appeaianoe at the >GoWeii Grapes wiare all supposed io foran one of nie antics that bad rendered the Pnnce famous. Sometimes 'be iron!a »; onerade as a stoker on, an engine, a* others -he would enlist os a soldier, now he -was a postman and ihwmorraw he would be a catodriver. He was not mfld-lie mas <rf Koyal KootJ. xne Graind XHto -was pertniibed. -What is to be done ?" said1 be. "?Xotliln?."' ivpSed Osmond.. ISir Graham bas not pmended to toe sny tliing Uut wiist be 'has the right » io ibc. Princess Oladdine bss told vou aSA aiong what -has ?W&6 on, and even concerning this elopement vou wore fully cognisant of everytJiaig. Jf anvone is to blame It is myseif, for having secured such a character «*r antios that yon (beHerod I mas inas oneiading as Mr Gr&bam.; >«o, noth ing can be done, and 1 fea ssire SS6t nothing wia be said by anyone present that -will betray tte «al jnames of ihe characters in this siory to tiie iViMSd. As for Koonerschon, let it go abroad tfiat-'tbis -aet bas been the last eccen tricity of Osmond rlie Prince; to the woiid let it be known that Princess Madeline is tJie future Empress o£ Dueania. dir. Gwliam, our coads lie apart; but. in future, <u> prevent mis takes, something must be done ; utt a. week or two you shaC see what I haw done." , _ . And so at ipame about that OsmoJKL grew rtw bristly monstsw.-be that gives him jsuch d martaal appeaKUMS. ^ "Did I bear anyching ,i«uiier « Princess Sladeline V Yes; a, short note in ther handwriting was brmugbt to me a few days after. -Tbe second tryst was at the Sooth T/adge at midnight, bat you ivere not there." It was unsigned. 