SPECIAL FORM OF PRAYER. The Secretary of State has sent out to Government copies of an order from the Lords of the Privy Council direct ing the Archbishop of Canterbury to prepare special forms of prayer to be issued on the occasion of the celebra Lion of the 00 years reign, together with the complete form of prayer pro posed in accordance with the order. The form of prayer is as follows: Morning or evening prayer shall be gin with this sentence: I exhort that first of all supplications, prayers, in tercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men, for kings, and for all that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all Godliness and honesty, for this is good and acceptible unto God, our Sayiour.-I. Tim. ii., 1, 2, 3. Proper Psalm xx., ci., cxxi. Proper lessons, the first, Joshua i., to verse 10, or Proverbs viii. to verse 17. The second, Romans siii. to verse 11, or Revelations xxi. 22 to xxii. 1. The suffrages next after the Creed shall stand thus: Priest: 0 Lord, show thy mercy upon us. Answer: And grant us thy salva tion. Priest: 0 Lord save the Queen. Answer: Who putteth her trust in thee. Priest: Send her help from thy holy place. Answer: And evermore mightily de fend her. Priest: Let her enemies have no ad vantage of her. Answer: Let not the wicked ap proach to hurt her. Priest: Endue thy ministers with righteousness. Answer: And make thy chosen peo ple joyful. Priest: 0 Lord save thy people. Answer: And bless thine inheritance. Priest: Give peace in our time, 0 Lord. Answer: Because there is none other that fighteth for us, but only thou, 0 God. Priest: Be unto us, 0 Lord, a strong tower. Answer: From the face of our enemies. Priest: 0 Lord hear our prayer. Answer: And let our cry come unto thee. After the first collect at the morning or evening prayer shall be used the following collect:-"O God, which pro videst for thy people by thy power, and rulest over them in love, grant unto thy servant, our Queen, the spirit of wisdom and government that being devoted unto thee with all her heart, she may so wisely govern this kingdom that in her time the church may be in safety, and Christian devotion may continue in peace; that so persevering in good works unto the end she may by thy guidance come to thine ever lasting kingdom through Jesus Christ, thy son, our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen." If the Litany be sung or said these prayers shall follow immediately after the prayer "We humbly beseech thee," and if the Litany be not sung or said, then these prayers shall be said instead of the prayers for the Queen, and for the Royal Family at Matins or even song:-"O Lord, our God, who up holdest and governest all things by the word of thy power, receive our hum ble prayers for our Sovereign Lady, Victoria [as on this day] set over us by thy grace and providence to be our Queen, and together with her bless, we beseech thee, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family, that they all ever tiusting in thy goodness, protected by 'thy power, and crowned by thy gracious and endless favour, may con tinue before thee in health, peace, joy, and honour, and may live long and happy lives upon earth; and after death obtain everlasting life and glory by the merits and mediation of Christ Jesus, our Saviour, who with thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth, ever one God, world without end. Amen." "Almighty God, who rulest over all kingdoms of the world, and disposeth of them according to thy good pleasure, we yield thee un foigned thanks, for that thou vast pleased (as on this day) to place thy servant, our Sovereign Lady Queen Vic toria upon the Throne of this Realm. let thy wisdom be her guide, and let thine arm strengthen her; let justice, truth, and holiness, lot peace and. love flourish in her (lays. Direct all her cousels and endeavours to thy glory and the welfare of her people, and give us grace to obey her cheerfully, for conscience sake. Let her always pos sess the hearts of her people; let her reign be long and prosperous, and crown her with immortality in the life to come, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen." A prayer for unity-"O God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, our only Saviour, the prince of peace, give us grace seriously to lay to heart the great dangers we are in by our un happy divisions. Take away all hatred and prejudice, and whatsoever else may hinder us from Godly union and concord, that as there is but one body and one spirit, and one hope of our calling one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth be all of one heart and of one soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify theo through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." In the communion service, instead of the collect for the Queen, the collect "0 God which providest" shall be said after the collect for the day. The Epistle 1. St. Peter ii., 11 "Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts which war against the soul, having your conversation honest among the Gentiles that whereas they speak against you as evil doers they may by your good works which they shall behold glorify God in the day of visitation. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, whether it be to the King as supreme or unto Governors as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well. For so it is the will of God that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignor ance of foolish men as free and not using your liberty for a cloak of mali ciousness, but as the servants of God, honour all men, love the brotherhood, fear God, honour the King." The Gospel of St.Matthew, xxii., 16.- "And they sent unto him their dis ciples with the Herodians, saying, master, we. know that thou art true and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man, for thou regardest not the person of men; tell us, therefore, what thinkest thou: Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites. Show me the tri bute mnoney, and they brought unto him a penny, and he saith unto themn, whose is this image and superserip tion. They say unto him Caesar's. Then saith he unto them render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's. When they had heard these words they marvelled and left him and went their way." Thansgiving to be said immediately after the general thanksgiving:-"O Lord, our heavenly Father, we give thee hearty thanks for the many bles sings which thou hast bestowed upon us during the sixty years of the happy reign of our gracious Queen Victoria. We thank thee for progress made in the knowledge of . thy marvellous work, for increase of comfort given to human life, for kindlier feeling be tween rich and poor, for wonderful preachings of the gospel to many an tions, and we pray that these and all other thy gifts may be long continued to tus and to our Queen, to the- glory of thy holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." 