PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, February 12. — The news of the death of Sir John Thurston has caused great concern, not merely in Downing-strcet and Westminster, but wherever Anglo-colon Ists . congregate. Few knew liim intimately, but all respected the High Commissioner, and recognised the thoroughness and integrity of ills policy. "The Times," in the course of a column obituary notice, says:— "In all csseutial capacities lie exerted himself with vigor aud success, making personal visits to the widely scattered portions of his jurisdiction, and becoming immediately acquainted witli the necessities of the very different races whom he controlled." The "Westminster Gazette" writes of the deceased:—1 "The nature of his duties re quired that Downing-street should entrust him with great liberty of action, and as a matter of fact lie was possibly during recent years the greatest autocrat in the world wearing British uniform. The be3t tribute which the Colonial Office can pay to the memory of Sir John Thurs ton is to appoint as his successor one who has the Polynesian islanders' interest as much at heart." \- It ought not to be a difficult thing to place the whereabouts of a celebrity of such magnitude as Lord Rosebery, yet very contradictory reports continue rife as to his doings. Ono of the most responsible news agencies definitely dispatched his Lordship to your part of the world by the Austral, and I'm told he was actually seen on the deck of the mall steamer at Naples. No doubt, however, he merely happened (as I con jectured when first mentioning the matter some mails back) to be seeing a relative off by her. Anyhow the ex-Premier is now alleged to be still in Naples, and to have no Intention whatever of visiting Australia. General and Mrs. Carr-Glyn, who sail by the Ophir for Sydney next week, are, I surmise, the father and mother of the gallant young guards man to whom the ghost of "Good Queen Bess" recently appeared in the library at Windsor Castle — at least, the young man says it did. And the father lias written to the newspapers: — "If my son says he has seen anything, you may take It from us that he has seen it." - At the Press Club smoking coucert on Satur day evening the pianoforte solos of M. Henri Kowalski were the feature of the programme. Hardly anyone present had heard M. Kowalski play before, or had the least notion where he came from. The audience did not, indeed, re ceive the foreigner very interestedly. But the delicacy of his touch and brilliance of his ex ecution quickly attracted attention, and at the end of his first piece an enthusiastic eucore re sulted. M Kowalski has arranged to give a recital at St. James'-hall on March IGUi. Mr. W. P. Reeves. Agent-General for New Zea land, lectured ou "New Zealand" at Glasgow Uni versity on Friday evening last, and on the "De mocracy in New Zealand" before the London School of Economics and Political Science on Tuesday. He is a distinct success in this ca pacity, being, as you are aware, a lucid thinker and excellent speaker, and peppering his dis courses v.ith many enliveuing flashes of humor and anecdote. If Mr. Reeves has any fault at all as a lecturer, it is a tendency to be lengthy. Once astride of a favorite hobby his difficulty is to dismount. Though our doctors, failing to fathom the mys teries of influenza, have banished It from their vocabularies, complaints of a similar character — but called by a different name— are very rife, and in almost every home just now somebody is ill. The world too seems sadly depressed. The city shakes its head and grumbles "No business doing;" the West End looks unspeakably bored, and the proceedings of Parliament are common place. Mr. Chamberlain has succumbed to an attack of gout, Mr. Balfour's placid temper is badiy out of repair, aud the defeat of the Sunday Closing Act has enraged the friends of temper ance. From Downing-strcet comes the news that Sir Robert Meade, the permanent secretary at the Colonial Office, will retire immediately, ami be succeeded by Mr. Murray, of the Treasury, who. under the Rosebery Administration, was private secretary to the Premier. That fine old crusted "chestnut," the story of Mr. Seddon's first visit to Government House, Wellington, was resurrected on Tuesday by the "Westminster Gazette," which not merely mangl ed it cruelly, but planted the yarn on to Lord Glasgow, instead of Lord Onsiow. Thus we are told that soon after Lord Glasgow's arrival In New Zealand the magnates of the eoloDy were bidden to a big function at Government House. An aide-de-camp was dispatched with a verbal invitation to a newly-appointed Minister, who owed his position rather to bis natural abilities than to any adventitious advantage in the way of birth and training. It is said that Lady Glas gow was rather astonished at the answer brought hack by the grinning aide: "Much obliged, but me and my missus don't nteal out." The real story, as told by Lord Onslow's aide-de-camp is much better than this. It relates that the Viceroy, travelling up country, was hospitably entertained by bluff Dick Seddons, for whom his Excellency conceived a sincere liking and admiration. When leaving he pressed his host cordially to be sure to come and stay at the Government House when he was next in Welling ton. In due course Mr. Seddon turned up and was warmly greeted. At dinner-time, however, he had disappeared, and after waiting half an hour, the party sat down without him. Next day at breakfast and lunch he was also non est. After this, the A.D.C. sought the Minister out. "His Excellency was much disappointed, Mr. Sed don, at not seeing you at dinner last night or , lunch to-day." "Was I expected?" exclaimed honest Dick, aghast. "The Governor asked me to put up at Government House, but I didn't know that meant grub, too." I have always rather hoped this tale was true and not hen tro- vato. It evidences a simplicity and a lack of self-consciousness such as ure seldom found ex cept in really strong men. The Anglo-colonial element at the Savage 6lub, which used to be fairly prominent when Messrs. Philip Meunell, Patehott Martin, Pritchard Mor gan, Louis Brennau, Marlott- Watson, and others were regular habitues and visitors, has shrunk to nothing; in fact, at the Nansen dinner I only recognised of the whole lot Messrs. Heaton, Brennan, and Phil May. On the other hand, the venerable vocal and comic Savages of a dozen years ago — Townley, Hargitt, Odell, etc. — were still very much to the fore, singing the same old songs in the same old way. I don't, despite its occasional brilliant shows, fancy the club Is in too prosperous a condition. Miss Marie Bouelcault, like all young vocalists, hopes to begin at the top of the ladder, and talks of opening operations presently with a concert at St. James-hall. Willie Walshe is definitely engaged for the tenor part in "La Poupee" at the Prince of Wales Theatre. Arthur Roberts does not play in the piece. At the "Daughters of Babylon" the critics sat down and slept; in fact, the general verdict seems to be that a duller play has not been seen on the London stage for a long time. I sadly fear that the enterprising persons who paid Wilson Barrett large sums for the provincial and Australian rights will not see their money back. Miss Maudle' M'Carthy and her mother have indefinitely postponed their return to Australia. Mr. Geo. Clutsam has completed the score for the new musical play to succeed the "Gay Pari- sienne" at the Duke of York Theatre. 1 Who is Madame Sanlavllllan? I ask because a Glasgow paper which fell Into my hands a few days ago contained this paragraph: — "A somewhat important case has been decided by the F'rst Chamber of the Civil Court of the Sc'ne Madame Sanlavllllan. an actress at the Opera Comique, sued for divorce from her hus band who, however, disputed the competency of the French tribunals to hear the case, on the ground that he was a British subject, and that the marriage was solemnised in Australia. The plea was. however, rejected by the Court, pn the ground that appellant having given up his businc-BS in Australia in order to accompany liis wire on her professional tours had no fixed domi cile and that his residence in Paris must be taken into account in determining the jurisdic tion of the Court." Can the parties to this matrimonial squabble be Madame Frances Sa- ville and Max the rotund? The fair Australian, we know, some time ago had filed proceedings against her husband in the French Courts, but rumor said that an amicable arrangement had been come to between the parties. Rather late In the day Mr. Lionel Robinson, tho editor of the "Annual Register," has made a very necessary correction and public apology for a very serious blunder in the 1895 Issue, arising oil' of the notorious Dean poisoning ease. It was stated In tho "Annual Register" that Mr. Crick, the junior partner In the firm of solicitors who conducted Dean's case, had been tried for perjurv and sentenced to 14 years' penal servi tude whereas, of course, Mr. Crick was acquit ted ' After expressing (through "The Times") his' sincere regret that this misstatement should have appeared, Mr. Robinson informs all and sundry that tho offending passage has been can celled and that no more copies of the volume containing "this serious but wholly unintended reflection upon Mr. Crick's, reputation" will be issued. 