HIAGQUAR1E HARBOR DEPUTATION. FACTS AND FIGURES. £50,000, A BAB, AND A MOLE. Mil. Ubquhabt, M.H.A., introduced the Slacquorio Uarhar Bar deputation to tbe actiug Premier and colleagues on Tuesday morning, in hie usual concise and clear manner ; then the West Coasters started businces. They couldn't have done better. Mr. A. Morrisby let himself go like a penny-in-tbe-slot automaton. lie hailed, Tflinfid. and Rnnwad wnrds and figures — -nar- ticularly words. Then he sat down with out being exhausted and Sir Fill-up pleaded for short speeches. Dr. Kennedy thereupon performed the necessary surgical operations and Ministers felt relieved. Mr. Sligo was afraid that tbo people of Tas mania didn't realise tbe importance of the West Coast; and Mr. Grilling, of tho Strahau Marine Board, said something about the Union Company not being anxious to get tbe bar away, being afraid of losing the monopoly. Which sounded like more Bate! If the bar i» most dangerous tbo U.S.S. Co. must be particularly obtuse to monkey with thcirjar of nuts. Mr. W. Burgess worked off a cheap ad vertisement for his firm, 'lie bad the courage to say that iu trade he was pre pared to meet any man.' It's tbe ghosts hat knock W.B. out— particularly V.D.L. Bank ghosts. He pleaded for the expendi ture of a few paltry pounds, to that he might not some day be a lonely floater. Ho knew something about bank overdrafts, but nieau under-dral't bars he isn't taking — not if be can help it. Other deputationietB corruscated, and then acting-Fysh essayed to say as little eb possible — and succeeded admirably. Tho West Coasters departed. What will they tell the enthusiasts who scut them to Uobart ? Possibly fables about the im pression they made. Then they will ad journ to the ' bar ' and do the usual. But tboso Striking Facts and Figures, covering 1C pages. Quite striking enough to make tbe slumbering Wild Cat liustle and boom. Tbe delegates captured and tabulated figures from all sources to do ser vice against that bar. They reeved iu gene ral statistics, including population, valua tion of property, meat consumption, resi dence aroa ealcB and rents, cuEtomel returns, ore in eight, Mt. Lyell estimates, etc. Tho wild cat prophet wrestled with tbo ore in eight and boldly approximated values at £30,G03,600. No account taken of the outside hbows, Eucb as Colf-brook aud others, aud as tbo figures are worked rut to hun dreds care aud exactitude are guaranteed. 1'uc £3«,B03,600 is recklessly placed in jux taposition to £7,782,170, the amount of the public debt of Tasmania. Selah ! By all moans rub out that bar. ' All this exposed mineral wealth ie useless if it is to remain in mother earth, meanwhile its export is cur tailed and hampered by a land-locked water channel.' The Cliiteu moves that tbe richest of the mineral plums of the West Coast should pay a spcoial Macquarie Har bor Improvement tax upon all ore raised. In addition, wliyelioald uot nil mines iu tbe vicinity of towns pay municipal or road rates? They arc advantaged by roads and otlior couveniouccs ol municipal activity. Why should the mines not directly pay for all services reudercd by State or munici pality. £60,000 ia asked for. If a Morrieby light niug talker says £50,000 it sounds Ehort, crisp, and business like, and W. Burgess calls it a paltry sum, yet it is more than a sixth of the total moneys spent by tbe State on harbors and wharfs, deducting moneys already disbursed at Strabau r.nd in t-tenm dredge and hopper barge. Tho £50,000 would also only be on nccouut, a6 increased wharfugo accommodation will bo required for tbeTniticipated coke nnd coal shipping, dredging, surveying, and marking tho har bor, especially as such trade is often done by railing ships. Tlio tasty morsels dished up in ' Facts nnd Figures' by tbe Wild Cat editors will be useful. Tho Great Western Railway f-hindyiiators will find tbein particu larly serviceable for their Knpli6b float, aud doubtless our great FyBhcal delegate to the Sydney Convention will find them handy should his own ' fisu facts' run thort. Finally, the inau that rends ' Facts and Figures,' as published by tbe Mac tj'iarie Harbor delegation, and afterwards suggest that Tasmanii cannot ' go on its own ' if we are not allowed to federally annex Victoria nnd Now South Wales, has got Rats— and got 'cm badly. Amou I Notification is given by tbo Department of Lands and Surveys for the Commissioner to apply, under the Crown Lands Act, for the forfeiture of certain lauds, ns advertised in the Hobart Gazette, August 17, default baviiig beeu uinde in payment of instal ments of puichuEe money, Public tenders nre alEO adyprliecd. 