ARCHIE'S TROUBLE. T'-i sv J.r.udnn is a big plice. I cull it tfiy httl". I have ft.and ILe world to be a liulo one Bnd Lon'on is nol quite equal to that. I'< ilj»p» whrii V in L*re loaisrit about it as 1 biveyou m*r Ihii.k tlie time. Puppos". that en jour fir.^t vkit to Vokabp.ras or Dum-diu. the Grst- niio who greeted you us vvi IT j Iked ia'o your ho lei, was vour old utighbour JuhtiSon, who bad the villa uext to yours at br-ne, or nhfn walking into ti e niwsroarn of >• Mrtropole "at Naples, you found (hat the tbiu man at the -reading stand bc.-i.ie you BM your old college chum Robinsnn. wouldn't you ti.iuk that tlie wei IJ W«B not so very wi-lr pftcr all ? Meetings cf the kind lako tine" dail r. I am going to till you of one of them, only this lock place in Loudon. 'Jnc r»i our largest country buyers was expect fii ia toirn.fQ it wss*rrang< d that I should meet liiiii. Ae ho ivcs en iu.purtetil man to us, it was tir-cidnl I hut I phouUl give r. full day to him if r.Pi css<iy. Ho I went over early to tho brokers' iu Mark-Unc where he w»s to call, unJ learned that it unrrrlmn when he would arrive as he wa< known to have other busiuess in the city _cnd fright, transact it before coining there. I foun-1 that- there wns nothing for me but to wait • bout tin*il he arrived. At two o'clock be bed not come and his brokers (bought that as it had grown so late, he wou'd proliihly not call uotil the following morning. So I dtcided to go to luuch end look in again titer. iSek-ctiug one of the quietest of the cafes in the Lane, I went in and ordert u ,s->rae> light refr< shniout. The house was one cf the newer class, a liberal use of plants aud otner decorative adjuncts, and a freedom from the heat and 0 Jours of the typicni Loudon restaurant causing il to be frequented bj ladies. &eiug; a v»cmt chair at a small table near tfce end of the room I took my scat there and was soon enjoying a plefsant lunch. Making a survey of the surroundings, I noticed thxt three of the four ladies who had been bitting at the table next to mine, had rii-en, leaving an exceedingly pretty girl of about 18 as my nearest neighbour. Her side face was toward me •nd there was such an easy grace about her. that »Lc be came an object of interest to me.The trim outline of her well-cut jacket and the neat bat of brown beaver gave evidence of a faultless taste in harmony with the sweet-face of the wearer. 1 had6nished my lunch yet I sat still,enjoying the delightful prrsence of the girl near me. A waitress approached her to receive payment for the refreshment she had ordered. The c'rl'a hand slid quietly into ber pocket. I could see that she was feeling for her puree. A look of consternation came over her face. The purse was evidently not there. She felt again. Her look became one of despair. She bit her lip and then seemed as if trying to recollcct nomctliing- Turning her face, every lineament of which betokened innocence, opou the waitress, she said in a clear though slightly tremulous voice. "I have either lost my purso or rome without it. 1 have no mon?7 »t all. 'Whatever shsll I dor 1 "' j The waitress smiled dubiously. j " It will be necessary to pay madame. Have you no money ? " she said. j " None. I am absolutely without a penny es 1 my purse is gone. Whatever shall I «lu ? " tho eiil asked piteously, looking round. Her full face was now turned to H*>r embarrassment was painful to behold. I was ascertain that she was telling the truth as I we* of my own existence. " AVbat is the amount ? " I whispered to the «r nitrc-Hc. " Only a shilling, sir," w*s the suswer. T banded the waitri fs a shilling, and taking out * card stepped across to the girl. " 1 noticed vour difficulty," I said. *' Your purse has most likely been stolen. I have paid, and shall be very happy if you allow the matter to rist." " I canuot. do that, sir,"' she said, colouring afresh. "I will thank you for the loan of the tnoney, but please tell me where I can return it to." " It is not worth troubling about. I will. however, leave you my card *ith pleasure," I said, thinking that-1 might hurt- Ihe girl's feelings if I refused to give her nn address to which the money might be returned. I took out my pocket-book and handed her my card and then rose to go 1 saw that the girl was struck by the name. A look of astonishment appeared on her face. Seeing that I was about to lea™ the cafe, she rose abruptly aud stepped lightly after trie. Excuse me, sir," she said, timidly, " but- will you tell me whether you have a friend in Londou named Carruthers—Atchie Carruthers ? " I was perplexed. Outside of mv own family circle there w:s just one man in all Loudon that I cared to regard as a ft lend, 'that man was Archie Carruthers of Chelsea. But how on earth hsd this cirl struck the ntme P " 1 certainly have a friend of that namn," I replied, looking straight into a pair of witchiug. ha Eel eyes. " I felt sure it must be you," she said, with returning confidence. " Archie is always talking aboat you. He will be so delighted when be learns yoa have helped ms out of this stupid difficulty." " Fray tell me with whom I am coLversing,* 1 I said, tny cariosity now being aroused. " My name is Gladys Manville," she replied in tones of silvery lightness, her embarrassment having all passed away. She was Archie's/<mrle. This was the girl j be had so often enthused over to me, and to whom he had promised me an early introduction. Lucky dog !" I thought, as her countenanco W*K UN-mrntarily lit up with a smile of delicious sweetness. " I am truly happy, Miss Manville, over the good fortune which bas enabled me to meet you, aad do you a small service," I said, agreeatly. *' Archie will be very grateful to you, as I am," she replied, extending her band. " I am afraid, though," she continued, ** I shall have to make another claim upon your kindness. I . bave come into town to see Archie, aud as I 1 have m t my purse, I really have cot what will cairy ir.e to « helsra. If yoi will kindly lend . me sufficient to pay for a ticket to tfloanesqune, I shall be so much obliged to you. [ will r&k; Archie to return it to you. Perhaps ' you don't know that he is iU," she added, s l<-ob i cf anxiety taking the place of the smile whirh bad beamed upon me % moment before. I conftssed my ignorance and sske<l her fo' paiticulais of my friends ailment. It flashed across my mind that it was nearly a month since I had seen h'm, a quite unheard of period to pass without a visit from him. Miss Manville seemed to regret having niadn allusion to Archie's indisposition. T'> niy qurstiou nnd ethers which f- U->we.t, gaw: tav; replies wt-ii-'i confused and s— nif-d • One rem-ni-., however, which si.o l«-t Ered my curiosity and csuvl we I n determine to aceompauy her to Chtdoea if I coul-1 arrange it Her remark conveyed thot Arrbi9 bad worried himself ill over his t-routle »t «h« eOr-e." As I kn-f that he was cashier ' a cit y firm of high slandiug, the remark m»de me very uneasy. It had • significance she uerer dreamt of. Miss ManvLUe s«*oe l overjoyed when I suggested accoroj 3ntmg L-r to Chelsea. Explaining that 1 could only do so if the p»rty I wished to see were likely to arrive, I persuaded her to w«lk taitK ma to the brokers' that I might asoert\ic. On arr<»iog there a telegram was handed to me. It advised that Mr. Cuthbertaoo, our eacom-r. had been enable to fet to town, but that be would be st Mark-lsne by eleven on the following meming. AJ I read tbe telegram and realised th:t I «aa fie* for the day, I seemed to see something more than chance in Cutbbcrtson's nut)-arrival via wed in conjunction *ith the way io which tte aaws of Artdiie's trouble bad reached me. t I t»v tt t»l»«y.glMr4t|r*?c? o CUlses without deity. Telephoning to Cannon-street that CulLbcrlso'i had not come, and that I should probably not return to the cilice that nijiht, as I had been unexpectedly summoned to visit a frieud who was ill, I accompauiod Miss Mscviile to tbo station sod booked for SiosD'i-Equarr. At tin miuutcs to four we were ufhered into Archie's pri_srnr*j in the 6itting room of his bouse in Manor-street, Chifcia. Though we hud tern announced, 1 thought Archie would have fa uted when he s-w me walk into his room with Miss Uanrillo. I learned that she had been quite unexpected,aud as for uiysilf, Archie would ss s^on have expected tlie Czar of Ru&sia; to bitik iu upon him &ti; me. With a 6hy and uu;a?y air he rote lo offer ine l.ii band. ]n * ft w «ords I tiplainrd h jsv I bad baccmi: ftcquiiiatc-dwith Miss Mcuville, sud found rajM-lf 'ujiirr Ibc tloub'e obligation of ecr^mpar.yn-g her on her jeurnry across ;he ri;y, ylie being his liiiml and aloue under rather awkw^pi circumstances, and of paying him a visit to if rthin how he was. Archic smil<>d as I 6ui-hcd my nerrjti™ and tbaek' d m« profu-sclf lor what I had donn. " ,A-; p u have If en so good as to crime to what i« tl:c matter »itb me, 1'it tril you the whole story," he said, settling back in an rasy altitude, though his look atill ftjtefcrnrd * troub'ed mind. The ttory l,c loM me was this. Three weeks before, to that very a! lei noon, he hid made np at the cfiic% as was Lis cnsiom, his (Jrm's an-.ou:it of cath aiii paper for paynst-nt into tho firm's account at the bank. The sum was £67:"», among wl.ich were two notes of £100 cacb. I hi? cuslomWHS for Arcl ir, es casbisr, to count the cash snd cheek i f! all paper, to place the whole in the cash big which he then locked andfor the assistant c«tl.nr to proeteJ with tho bag and kt-y to the b»nk and pay t-Le amuwt in. On that particular HPei iMioD, nhen tho cash was taken from the liaj at the l.a:.k, the two hmidreil-|ioiind not<'S wcie Georgo Cliiswell, the i-ssistant cat-hicr, on mediately notilied the IOFS to the b:ink nnd has : cne L HACK to the office to inform Archie of it. Arehia was dumbfounded. Almost tho last thing h<i had done before Chiswcll I-.-ft for the bank was to check off the notes with some others aud some bills. Though ha had implicit confidence I in Chisne'.l, the fact remained that he had | taken the Lag to the bank and had had posses- j sion of (he kiy to it. I'o add to their COIIfusion a slip ot paper ntiii-h bad hurtie til;- mi rubor of the missing notes had also disappeaicil so that there were no means of stopping them. Archic was confident, that Le had been the victim of a well laid plot ; the QUI stion was. who | j j I I was the thief. Ho was fatihfi-.il that Cliisw< ll I had not consciously been a patty to it, hut this : ronviction onty dee|>ei!td the mysttiy surrounding the matter. ' The principals of the firm bad been immediately apprised of the disappearance of the I ! 1 notes EGd they had caused the <-ilicials of !-'cotland Yanl to be informed without loss of limo. j The case had bet-n put into the hsnds of tvio of ! the most eaperienced detective*, but up lo that time no clue to the notes had been obtained. From the facts that they had disappeared from his own department, aud that until tho matter were clrsred up, suspicion would nzturally attach to Chiswell,Archie had made him-ef ill by worrying over the robbery. He had now bteu at home for four days, and it was easy to see the low state into which he had worked l-imself. " What is your theory of the affair ?"' I asked when he had finished his story. " That f-imc one iu the office took the notes- I feel confident of it, though I have not a vestige of proof," he answered, his eves flashing- I ' - s . i exritedly. " Do you suspect anyone ?"" I asked ag»iu. : " Well, you know, it is a very delicate and serious matter," he auswered, deliberately. " It is." 1 pursued,all the more dtsirable that any reasonable suspicion should be fr.llowe-i tip. Have you no suspicion of sny one ?" " I have a vr.gun end lurking association of a, crlain party with the affair," said Archie, •isiug aud pacing the room untaiily. " I eao'fc dismiss him from uiy miud. Kight Bnd day bis i obtrudis itself, nud yet I haveu't the ghost of a fibred cf evidence lo r.ouncct biin with it. " Who is ho r 1 1 queried, my interest now being awakened. " A clcrk in a good position. Vou would take hi ni to bo a principal by bis maimer. He's an awful lot of * side ' about- him ; diesfes immaculately and talks glibly about ritv affairs ; just the kind of cunn you'd txjieet to find dsbb.'irg in stock?.'' " Can he have taken the paju r f" "That's just tie point. Assuming that he meant to take it-, be might have dmie. He is oue of tbe clerks whose business it is to confer with Piw about charges aud particulars in i-tatertients of Mcrouut. This brings him pretlv frrqueutlv into the cash-eftim. I} e had heeii iu it Oat afternoon.but I've not hem able to conuect any visit of his with the time of the disappearance of the notes, nor bas Chiswoll. In fact, I would dismiss him from memory only I csn't.' 1 Archie could tell me nothing more about tho matter. It had uiade him ill. Learning of bis illness, Miss Manville, bis ficnctt, had coma from Forest Gate to see Lim. She had first; gone into the city and had called at the restaurant in Mark - lane lor lunch. Archie pr< ssed me to stay to te», but I declined. Thero wis still time to get back to Cunnonstrcet before the tfliec cb-sed, so I bade Miss Mauvilleend hiui"Good afternoon," promising to run out to Chelsea again iu a day or two. As I travelled to the city, I found my miud running most provokingly upon Archie's mishap. I hid a strange and vague premonition that in some unlooked for manner 1 should help him to clear up the mystery. I could not dismiss the thing from my miud. Moot of the staff bad gone irhen I reached our house in Cannon-street, as it was then lialf- past five. As I entered, our cashier, Fied Thornhill, was leaving. It was pa&t; his usual time as he had remained to make up some mail : accounts. 1 made a practice ot informing Thornhill of ; any interesting cases of manipulation of cash! or bills which came to my knowledge, as a ' simple matter of pieraution. | Mr. Thurubill,"' I said, " I have joat been j hearing a story that will interest you." " Oh ! " he replied, smiling. Is it 6ome- ; 1 hing very good ? " " Just come back for five minutes and I'll tell , you ell about it while it is fresh in my mind," . I said, leading the way to my private ofiice. I He sat down and I repeated the story about • Ihe loss of Archie's two cuudred-pound notes. ! Thornhill listened with rapt attention. I "Well, really, Mr. Charles, 1 ' he said, eagerly ! when I had done, " you rccall a ciirunastancc , that- certainly had passed from my mind, | though Jt the time it seemed so unusual that I n-.-tc11 it. About a fortnight ago * cheque | mm'; in for £200. It was the unusual amount, i £20'} in one eveu sum, that took my attention, • «<• I looked at the cheque. It had passed . through two bands before it reme to me. and I saw that tbe first indorsement in? by Crake , and Derwent, the stockbrokers. I concluded > that it had been paid to them on aecouut of some Flock-dealing transaction. I remember wondering whether it was some Juggins tbey had got hold of who had perhaps realised his savings and handec ttrem over to be made duck! snd drakes of." •'What was tbe drawer's name ? ™ 1 asked. "I can look it up if it is of any moment." t&id; Thornhill. "I jotted it down at tbe time." " Do so, please ; tbe morning will do," I said with a feeling cf quickened interest in Ihe matter. I bide Thornhill " Good night," and he departed for home. I hsd noticed that Archie studiously refrained frcm mtuticniug t-ie name of the party l,e su-pected. t cow wiebed I had pressed bim for it. t ometLing whispered to me that S must obtain it. Sol sat down aud wroto to Archie bcygiaf bim to scad toe tbe name of the person h<~ fti^prcled, by return of post. Then I went hou:- 1 . All the evn.-iij;, and for the prci.tr r r s rt of the right, Arel le's cst<c ociupit- ti tiy mind. It SCJ ni: d to Lave ticconn- uiy own iu<;ivitiu»l alfairand that I wasLoi.U'J to salve the mystery for my own crtdil'b e>:ke. "Ibis is tLc name of t!:e drawer of that chtquc, Mr. Cl-aihs," said Tl-.crnhiil, ss I whiked inlo the ct.su departmciit the ttil moiuinj;. He hauled me h slip ol p.'per «ith I lit; wordf •• Lawunte Brand, Cipteu.U.-r Z5," iriilteu in ink upon it. 1 bad Dot lh°.tiOIK tied my tellers, Going to the piivat-u ificel fcup.d them airat'ged up^n my dctk. Lo.- king qnirkly through them, I noticed one witli the Cheltea po».t-niaik. I ( kniw that was fiom Aithic Cairuthcrs. Eagerly opening the tuvtlepe I took out the enclosure and read ;— npj?r Charlie,—The name of tlie party I tlhidrd to is l.anrri'.ro 13:ai;d. For gooiness' take, inind viLat you do with the information.—Vums s'lirciely, A. I di-1 in '.nd. Within luif-sn-hfur the detectivcE who hsd tl.e ri;e in hand wire apprised of the f.n-ts th«t win rets, on September 24lh, two onc-bii:idiel-ii?uiid no'fs r.crc ttolen from the office of Mirfi^. Csnijre, f'nwdeon, snd Co., on Hrptcmbor "f>tb, a cheque W two hundn d poiiisds was drawn upon a ei rtain tiaiik by one Lawr.Mii-e lb mid, a cl<-ik in I he employn:rr,t<>f Messrs. Crew Js-. n, sad Co.,' in favour cf a v.-i li-ki 'iv.« lii ui of i k!irr:!;» rs.) It< I. ri- iii:d-i!a\ it l.ad fc<en Bf-eerlained ti.at j cn ;Y|-ti-.i:lii r 25th two Lui died-jiousid notes ; bad 1« en paid lo the private account of Lawn nc:- iirjnd at. IIK- iiu.k upon v.hieii tl.e cbe-.j'ie ; | was dr.^wn. Vi-t o-rn then Ihtre w s r,o direi t • I tvi.li nie ll>at I'rai-'t had sto'en the not-s. f- bad nn iloiib!. 01 it,:M>d Uie delective< had H-JMP, end when tho circumstances nhirh Tad conic to mr kiiovvli-tlgi: were bid before Messrs. Can- i tyro Bin! Civwdcoii, liny too, vti'iu Sntirtied t;-Ht Hn:.d na« tl.e rulpiit. ! 'j he two iiii:'f i|i.ils accotdinjjly atiiniiioiied Jlr. Grand tl.in piivate ( flit-e. liiddin^ him nt down, Mr Cn-wdron cabtiiy informed him cSirt on Si p'cuibi r ^4t!i ihclwtj nott^ of oi.e iiuiidri d jiounds rach were stolen from Mr. Cai"ruU;< rs' «»«*!. big ; that ou the following day, he, Mr. 1 anrence Ijmnd, ha-J pni<i the sai l Iwu uotes inlo a piivatc nicount in » e:-rtaiu bank, end that cn the nexl day he ha-l drttwn a cheque for the same amount ou mcuntil of rtrtain slock-deelinij transitions. Wo wmt lo kunw why jou ste.lo those i• • 1 what you l.mc to fay for yourpi If i' r»i:rludid Mr. ! (Trcwrfs'.-n, tixing a eearchmg look jpon Mr. Lawn-ui <• Brand. j 1 he culprit was so utterly taken bysurpiiso ih^t I"- cub! make no iii't-l'igil-lR ri-ply. CI nr^i-d with the theft in the fa<r nf t\\. v known f.n-l?, h 1 ! r.ould only iinaLion the esse coinp'elo Bj;nin?t. h:in. He fell donn upon his kmcs Kt Mr. Cr. wiUon'e 1'c-t.t whininj; for inrrey A'ehi.-Can uthi rs is now married. He and his trife arc i:.y two t est frierd< imtside of niy own tomily cirrh'. I isc-ver meet Aicl io. witbi ut l.iir. referring iu soinu Bay to what he calls my " miraculous intiodurl;o:i to Gladys." I can't persuade hira that there wan nothing unusual about it : ILht this world ia a very liitleene, and that such events como about quite iu U.e regular order of things. 