ft! mm. \- ? ? ? ?- -v ? ? THE STRAWBERRY HILLS SENSATION. WAITING FOR THE APPARITION. THE SCENE LAST NIGHT. NO APPEARANCE FOR THE DEFENDANT. A DISAPPOINTED CROWD. Hundreds of persons wended their way to Straw berry Hills last night in the hope of getting a glimpse at the ghost that led Constable Harland and his mate such a lively dance on the previous night, but whether it was through pressure of business or nervousness at having to face such a large and critical audience, his ghostship failed to appear, and the expected performance did not come off, to the evident disappointment of the onlookers. Probably the spook had heard of the measures taken for his capture by the police, and preferred to “lie low” for the present. A search was made of the interior of the premises during yesterday and again laot night, but if some artful joker duped the constables he did his work cleverly, for certainly not a trace of ' his little game ' could be brought to light. Constable Harland, how ever, it is stated, still adheres to his original state ment made to the senior-sergeant at the police station, when bis mate and himself returned from the chase after the apparition. The former tenant of the premises, a widow (the house was only vacated on Saturday), when spoken to taat night, stated that she had lived in the house for a couple of years, and had never been disturbed by ghostly manifestations. She professes her wil lingness to reside in the house again, and alone if necessary. Several of the neighbors who have known the house and its former inmates regard the story told by the constables as improbable, and are inclined to view it as a huge joke. Another theory put forward is that a fox terrier has been the cause of the “hair raising” trouble. One has taken up its abode in the house; and the canine may have been confused with the spook. As early as 8 o'clock last night a large crowd had gathered in the vicinity, and within an hour their number was considerably augmented. Dawson and Clisdell streets were packed, the crowd forming a sort of cordon round the premises believed to be haunted. ISbthinj; was discussed but the ' ghost,'' and the probability of another 'appearance' was eagerly canvassed. Small boys gazed at the silent, deserted windows -with a sort of awe, and a shiver of expectancy ran through the spectators as they beheld' the glimmer of a light within. ** Here he is,' whis pered someone, and with one accord the onlookers drew back, doubtless out of con sideration for. the ghost's feelings, and as if anxious that his anticipated performance should not be hampered in any way. But the hopes bo Enddenly raised -were blasted. It was bnt the candle of one of the searchers that had beea reflected through the window. To while away tbe tedium of waiting, the crowd indulged in a little horseplay at the expense of a lew late arrivals. Flour was thrown and a general rompus seemed imminent, when an un expected diversion was caused by the arrival of Con stable Harland, who was doing duty on his beat. The gathering eyed him critically for awaile in the hope that he might throw some additional light on the matter, oat lie passed on, not deigning to reply. Then a small boy did a desperate thing, and per? formed an act for which tbe Victoria Gross of juvenile life should be his without delay. At the imminent risk of being -confronted b? the ghost, he stoJe cautionsiy forth armed only with a piece of chalk, and wrote upon ine-very door through which Harlaad ' had seen it vanish the following : ' There will bo no performance ta-night owing to the ghost not belli? in good trim after nis encounter.' Safe and uninjured he modestly made his way back to the ranks of his companions, who greeted him as heroes should be greeted. Now a woman appeared (not in a ghostly sense) npen the scene, and, mounting the steps of the house, protested strongly against the chalk writing'. There were cries of 'Look oat for the ghost, and ' He 11 grab you, but as the speaker grew insre eloquent as she proceeded, a band of youths immediately in front resorted to flour ''throw- ing amid cries of ''Shame.' Her object achieved the woman left the scene, and a heavy shower of rain following immediately afterwards, caused the crowd to melt away quickly, and the spot was soon deserted, save for one or two who decided on remaining until after midgniaht. . _ 