THE CONVENTION. . [From our Special Roporter.1 SYDNEY. Monday. MOBE ABOCT DE.VDLOCKS— SEX EBAO PRO POSALS SruMrrrED— A Sedative Addbess ut AIk. MoMilus-Hi: Objects to Wire PCILEIIS A.VH AfilTATOUS — .Us. DfAKI.V JjGCTUnCS TOE OHALf- STATES— iLlCSAXI- mocs Sm Jons Dowxer— Gnowm ok tub Federal Spirit— The Laucc States Compared wiru a HonscLrsRU — Mk. KEiDpBAt?n.i -ln. Stmon'u Moderation— MB. CaRRL'T!I£R.-» .SlRliraTS A CCBE-AU. Ht medv — Mil Kinostos Evolves ' The Germ or a Soutio.v ok the Dimeim'— Mit. HoLotn llsurs a Stoqji — Mn. BAUT05 DSKEXDS TQE SCGiiEbTKD AD .loumniEM— Three Imi'Oktast Drnsioxs — A New Soiikme Apopteo— Kational and dt'al rcferekocms sooctkd— the Joint ? sittixg Proposal Likelt to be Cabbicd.- ??:?..- ? ? The Convention resumed its session tbis morning, when consideration of tno* doadlock problom was continuod. On Friday Mr. Symon carried a resolution affirming that sue ccasivo dissolutions should tako place, then Mr. Lyno moved to superimpose a national referendum upon Mr. Sytnon'a provision, and Sir George Turner proposed an amend ment in favour of a refcreudum as an alterna tive to a dissolution. Attcr the Committee reported progress on Friday afternoon tho Convention gavo it the power to reoan bider and rescind its resolutions on the deadlock clause.. This morning tho de bate was resumed. Mr. Barton sug gested that Mr. Symon's resolution should be rescinded, and that tbe Committee should begin de novo to consider tbo question. Tbe suggestion, however, fell flat. Sir George Tcictse wished to settle the matter that day. Though the question of finance must be left over, ho would contiouo to press his amendment re garding deadlocks. Mr. Reid said he did not object to empowering the Governor to dissolve both or either of the Houses. Tbo talk thcu turnod upon what Mr. Deakin punningly described a* a Symontaneous against a simul taneous dissolution. Mr. McMillan contri buted a sodativo address, in tbo courws of which be eaid ho was opposed to a simul taneous dissolution, because be wished to sus tain in its integrity the bicameral system of government. Uo wanted a»schome in which the Governor should bavo the powor to dissolve the Houso which was longest from the electors. Ue spoke strongly against attempts that wero being mado to subject tbe Convention to wirepullers and agitators, and earnestly entreated repre sentatives not to beed frothy and ephemeral publio feeling, but to frame a Constitution in tbe light of tboir individual conscionco— a Constitution which would stand the shocks of time. It would be better to leavo the matter over tentatively if that course wero agreeable to the small States for ultimate consideration by tho whole of Australia rather than to attempt to settle it in the present angry ttate of feeling. It was said that if Mr. Symon's resolution were not rescinded federation would, be wrecked, but he believed the people of New South Wales would not make proportional representation a tine qud turn. He deprecated any attempt to destroy tho principlo of equal representation. It would havo been botter for tho small States to have taken proportional representation without check* to tbo Sonata Replying to an intcrioction, ho said Mr. Lyno was in the evolutionary stage, betweon the devi! and tho deep sea. Ho added that finality respecting deadlocks wan impossible without destroying federation. (Cheers.) It was impossible to separate State and national interests. They bbould not make the Houso of represen tatives omnipotent. (Cheers.) Mr. Deakix thought they were unduly dwelling upon an abnormal and infrequent adjunot of federa tion. He replied to the objections which had been urged against a concurrent dissolu tion, and pointed out that tbe diffi culty regarding- tbe. .unequal political development of the colonies was vanishing. He said Sir. Oecrge Turner' was willing to delay^' tho '. oporation' of ' the ;' disrolation fot twelvemonths after,, ftho. passing 'of ',tbo Bill. Mr. Reu-^— '* It would want a special incubator to reyiveit.'.Mr.rDEAKix thought that if tbo arnallStatea^had exhibited at Adelaide tb'sisamo «pirit;of; compromise as had been shown .horo'pablio feeling would not ' have been ao a^geroualy Vouied. * Tbo most mag nanimous : federal apaocb yet made was, ho aaid, that of Sir John Downer in accepting the. referendum j. which ? be detested. The growth qfj.Uie federal spirit at this Convan KOT^cxeoeded ;i;;bjeliefes-iir. Stsiox ' con ttnd^^^!^th^'s:;prorisioii eloquently advocated ,vby /Mril ^pialrin ? was embodied in?; his 'proposal, 'which bad moderating influences ' on ?the ' popular passion. He acknowledged the magnanimity of tho larger States, and cbmplimentod Mr. McMillan upon bis courageous speech. He pointed out to Mr. Doakin that because tho Senate bad been shorn of- equal power. his argument failed. The increasing demands of tbo largo States resembled tho cry of tho horseleech. What ever were the result of tho deliberations tbe representatives should loyally support tho Constitution. Mr. Reid mado a long speech in which bo reiterated generalities. He was much pleated with Mr.- Symon's moderation, but characterised a dual referendum as a monstrosity. Mr. Isaacs— 'It is working well in Switzerland.' Upon general federal legislation Mr. Reid. regarded a mass refe rendum as- the only means of attaining finality, but ho suggcatod a joint sitting of tbo Houses as an alternative. Sir Jou.v Dowjtek supported Mr. Symon's proposal, but regretted that Mr. Symon Lad not opposed all deadlock sebomes. . Sir John rOBKEST, who considered they' wero. off tbe track in reopening tho qtwation, repeated bis obJMtio'ns ; to i deadloiA , rem^iea. ' Mr. ; Cak uutiixpj* reoommonded tho .suggested resoln tion3 which_ho had circulated,1 providing that after the checks for a sioiultandou* dieabjution there should subsequently bo a joins kittinjc of tho Bouses, with a two-thirds-majoritT vote, and finally, a single referendum. He bad also mado provision for 'a one-fourth minority: in tbe Legislativo Conference demanding a. referendum. Mr. Cabrcthebs stated 'that' he would prefer that tbomovo went should fail on a distinct cleavage than that it should ^succeed as tbe result of an un satisfactory compromise. Thoro was no chanco of carryinp a national referendum, and be would strenuously oppose a dual referendum. Mr.; Isaacs offered Victorian opposition to joint sittings, which would mean the extinc tion of the two-to-ono quota, and would confer on the Senate tho control of finance. Mr. GORDON was convinced that Now South Wales wouldynot agree to a dual referendum. He bad parted from his moorings to find a ; 'refuge £ from the storm in Mr. Car ruthers's .. proposal . for joint sittings, with . a -diasolution ' only of the House of Ropreaentatiyesibut^he refused to alter tho ?juotsu.Mr.. Xlvcstox favoured tbe sugges tion for dissolving tho House longest from tbo electors. Ho repeated bis views in favour of tho rulo of the majority on national questionb. A vory great deal; could be said for regarding tho tariff as a Stato question. He would give a majority of the ' representatives of three of tbo small States power to demand a dual refe rendum.' ' Mr. Wise and Sir George Tubner saw in Mr. Kingston's idea tho gorm of a solution of jth'e difficulty. Jlr. O'Co.v.voR did nofcithink a singlo referendum would _ bo ac^pted, oven in New South Wale*. ,.' - - f^Mr.fO'CoNXOE: continuod ; the 'debate at night, when' the galleries wero crowded. Ho was ? favourably:;; impressed with Mr. King ston's proposal, though he regarded that of Mr. Carruthers as ombodying more finality. Ho would, as a concession to tbo Victorians, permit tho Federal Parliament to alter the quota. :Mr. Gordon— 'If you maku tho quota a shifting quantity tho whole thing is a shanf.' Mr. Higci.vs re ferred to tho dissolving views of tho repre sentatives, and blamed Sir Georgo Turner for not fighting fora national rofcrendum. Sir George Turner— ' I never had tho shadow of a ghost of a chance.' (Cheers.) In a bright speech Mr. Holder raised a mild storm by labelling Mr. Symon's supporter* as Con* servatiyes. Mr. Kingston's schemo would, be said, to better liked tho more it was thought of. But why settle tbe matter now? Mr. Barton, referring to tho adjournment, rupudiatcd the idoa that tbey would bs playing wish fedoration by adjourning. He argued iu favour of Mr. Car ru there's proposals as ritfording tho simplest and choapest safcty- valvo. He adhered to the quota principle. Mr. Glynn regretted that 8O3is of hi* coileaguos bad refused tho Victorian olivobrancli. After controversy regarding the order in which the amendments bhould be put. Mr, j Ltxk rchonicnUy opposed dual repre- . scntation, and condemned Sir George | Tamer's vacillation as being tbo cause! of the trouble. He asked for further timo for consideration. If the Queensland representa tives wore elected as ono electorate thov would favour proportional representation, and if by districts vice rerna. The Conimitteo then divided on Mr. Wise's amendment for the con current dusolutioa as alternative to Mr. Symon's proposal. Tbis was carried by 20 to 20. Tho minority consisted of Sir! John Forrest, Sir Jamoa Leo ? Stecre, Sir John Downor. Sir William Zeal, and Messrs. Venn, Crowdor, llenning, Dobaou, Howe, McMillan. Freer, Leakc, Symon, Henry, Moore. Grant. Brown, Jamos, Briggs, Douglas, and ZcaL The absentees wero Sir Edward Braddon and Mobra. Hassoll and Tronwith. The proposal for a national re ferendum was rejected by 36 to 10. Tho minority comprised Sir Graham Berry and Messrs. Lyno, O'Connor, Carruthers, Drunker, McMillan, lteid, James, Holder, and Deakin. Tbedualrcfcrendum amendment w&snegativcd; by 27 to IS. Tiio minority consisted of Sir George Turner. Sir Philip Fysh, Sir Joseph Abbott, Sir Graham Berry, Drs. Quick and Cocklvarn, and Mcnrs. Deakin, Isaacs, Walkor, Clarke, Peacock, Brown, Glynn, Kingston, James, Holder, Solomon, and Howe. Tbe decision of Mr. Carrutbers's pro posal, which is likely to bo carried, was post poned until to-morrow. Sir Georgo Turner will leave for Melbourne to- morrow night. The Convention adjourned at 11.40 p.m., after which the Government entertained tho representatives and their friends at sapper. --:???.; .' ;? ? Mr. Barton expect* the session to be con cluded on Friday. - ';i0^^' 