NOVEL. The Kiss of Gold, By KATE JORDAN. CHAPTER II. — ( Continued . ) Now it has failed, as I feared. But what" of that ? I know you well,- — have we1 been' friends so long for nothing ? — and I I say that when you have fought harder I battles and perhaps failed again, when you have suffered more, the men and women you r write of will be human. Some day you will be all' I expect yon to he. I know it. 1 believe in you, Tom ' r He could not see her face now, but the > sense of her n earness touched him with a t swift, evanescent feeling of delight. Some- thing in her voice disturbed his heart again | to a dawning hope and a riot of feverish | questioning. 5 _ x uciieve in you, xom. n. lorecast 01 | ; triumph rang in the words. | There was not time- for more confidences | before a light, irregular footstep eounded in I xhe hall. Virginia hurriedly lit the lamp 8 and looked intently at her father as he | opened the door. I What she saw there gave a quick, I strained anxiety to her expression, irresist- | ibly touching. | He was a striking figure. His small pink- H and- white face and delicate features told |! nothing o the ii'rtuatu excesses ia which a fc lortune bad been squandered. Sixty years '4- of life bad whitened the hair falling like floss from a bald crown, but he did not cry fe quarter to Time. Age had come and found S3. him rebellious. He kept his chin up, and |g never confessed that fierce premonitary Ip- tremors passed at unlooked-for moments over H his frame. W His. clothes were youthful and unusual, fe- A cream colored coat, worn at the seams, pi but stainless, fitted tightly, foppishly, at the sg._ waist and fell in a clerical frock to the knees. || A long brown cape was folded across his breast after the manner of a shawl. He jpl'- belonged to the past quite as much as the II house he lived in. As he swayed uncertainly in the doorway beseemed to have stepped j|| from a forgotten canvas to be for a single 1|:; moment embodied in the lamplight. ' Ah, Tom,' and ho wagged his head ®;, . unsteadily, 'so you have come over to us? b; Welcome ! A guest beneath my roof iR 'fy always welcome. Eh, Virginia ? Why don't ti you smile and say yes ? If we are poor, inv girl, we know what hospitality means. We know that a crust may be divided among iiicuua auu tuo BWttoitjr xur 10. -iah sure — as sure's my name is Rnfus Kent, I'd ' rather, by heaven, sit down with a friend — ' mind, with a friend, that's the point — to a dinner of herbs, than in solitary magnificence before a stalled ox. My sentiments, young man. As Touchstone said, 'a poor thing, but my own.' Tom took the proffered hand in its faultless glove and gave it a rough grip. 'Your guest?' he was thinking. 'You old scamp ! You don't know that nearly every penny of your beggarly annuity goes to buy your clothes and whiskey, that Vir ginia does copying and painting when you are asleep and wears one gown month in and , month out that the bills may be paid, that my weekly payment for bed and board will e he more than acceptable. You don't know ,e it, and — no matter what Virginia says — I |5 think you wouldn't care a hang if you did. If you had your deserts you'd have been pitched in the river long ago.' Somehow his own failure made him un- \j. usually bitter to Mr. Kent's shortcomings. The world's hard knocks may eventually teach resignation, but who can say that while the bruise is aching the brute within ''"I ' us does not snarl ? £ , As the old man Kissed Virginia on the fW forehead, a pathetic paternity savoring of the theatrical in the caress, he did not dream gt how intensely Tom longed to call him a few y-'i hard names in sound Anglo-Saxon. .. i? . He stumbled a little, and sank into the ! . moBt comfortable chair, his murky eyes half closing. 1 Yea ! Ah, what is more grateful to a tired body than a cup of tea?' This was a , f'.;: Staple remark, always delivered with gusto ;V- by Mr. Kent after lengthy communion with -mixed drinks ' The fragrance of it! The sorcery of home is exhaled from a cup of ' r. 'ry 1 tea. But— I hope, my dear, you have some- EV thing else P. A chop, or a bit of salad.' V.V Virginia watched him as he looked across '."if. , fit' ' the tips of his delicate fingers in fuddled meditation, and felt hor face burn. Her joyous anticipations of the first night spent together had been deplorably amiss. Tom was discouraged and silent, half angry with her and enraged at the world. Her father had returned after one of his 'bad days,' when the ' remembrance of all he had misused and lost stung him to think and perhaps find the ghost of his old pleasures in the hazy enchantment offered by strong liquor. ' Ah, there waR hope for Tom. He would forget this disappointment. He would join the race again. He had still a lance to throw. Bnt poor old dad ! perhaps she did not half guess what thoughts tortured him. She knew his annuity triokled through his fingers now in small personal extravagances joist as the thousands had gone when she was a little child, but she could not blame hiin. To dress presentably and drop in upon old friends for a chat and a glass of port, some times to dine with them in the club where once he had shone with unequalled brilliancy, or to pay for an orchestra chair when an old comedy was presented, were the surviving joys of his decadence. His friends did not know in what corner of the town he had hidden himself, did not remember he: had a daughter ; frequently he- forgot that fact '.himself. And meanwhile Virginia worked and saved, stealing only odd moments for her reading and mnsic, practising depressing economies that robbed her oheeks of color and sometimes gave to her deep eyes an expression of fear. Bat she loved the old man. Her pity for what she termed his misfortune made her tender to his faults. Not so Tom, who had watched the pitiful little tragdey for two years. This exhausted spendthrift, this cold tua>u?i.ia>xioi- a UAeaiutu. a vyea, LUAO autoorat with a voice of honey, suave, dainty, well mannered, he disliked as much as his native geniality permitted. Tom threw himself on a lounge, and, shading his moody eyes from the lamplight, watched Virginia as she went lightly from cupboard to table, noted the streak of waver ing pink staining her cheek, the eagerness with which she hurried to anticipate her father's maudlin requests. 'Ah, Virginia, how stoical you. are! how steadfast ! how tender and passionate !' he thought, a deep, warm pity rushing iiito his heart. And he had been impatient with her for telling him an unpalatable truth, had raged at one more defeat and ' turned from her in bitterness ! He had dared do this ! Had he forgotten how often he had seen her smile in the face of despair ? -> His repentance, like all his moods, waB quick and intense ; the desire to make amends tormenting, nnappeasable. He wanted to tell her what a brute he felt him self. . He was conscious of a sudden warm impulse to fold her in his. arms and comfort her. The physical helplessness of woman! — what a lovable misfortune it mnst always seem to a strong man ! Every movement of Virginia's yonng figure, the subdued ex pression of her proud little month, the daunt less pose of her head, appealed to him, awaking the instinct of protection until it throbbed an importunate fire in his heart. 4 If I could help her !' he thought, with savage longing. While regardingher more intently than he knew, her eyes — those lovely eyes, more green than brown, and to-night more golden than green — met his, in a questioning, en treating fashion, and the look stirred him strangely. A waim flood poured over his heart. His veins pnlsed heavily with an incomprehensible fever never known before, and the pain of it was nervous and sweet. As he had felt for a brief moment when he stood by her side in the mysterious twilight, so he felt now, only the strangeness, the pain, the delight, were intensified a hundred fold. He drew his breath with a feeling of awe. After dinner he sat down to read. It was useless. His heart-beats were hot and thick. A medley of indefinite speculations crept be tween him and the printed page. He threw himself upon his bed and tried to think what he should do, now that he had forsworn the micistry and the possibility of success as a dramatist had shrivelled under that day's blight. But that was useless too. He started to his 6lbow and looked with excited eyes into the darkness. He felt he was not alone. It was as if a presence Btood at his side, a new truth upon its lips, a gift within its hand. ' Do you not know me ?' a voioe of crystal sweetness seemed to whisper. ' I come to all men sooner or later. Some find me early, and some when youth iB gone. I come by strange ways; I weave strange spells. The heart that once feels my lava touch is never the same again. There is naught to with stand me. For I am Love.' CHAPTER III. It was close upon eleven when at length he quitted the house. The mood of The night had charged. A light drizzle filled the air ; a red vapor rolled across the sky, in broken places and giving glimpses of deeper murkiness beyond. Fog-horns bellowed from the river. Freight trains like dingy ser pents crawled past the western boundary of college campus and went hissing into the fog. He paused irresolute for a moment after the gate clanged behind him, then crossed the street and entered the college grounds. An unquiet spirit possessed him as he strode along the familiar paths; He was only a trespasser in this place where hitherto he had roamed at will, but whether he was. seen or not was of little consequence. He had escaped from his quiet room into the wet, massy darkness to question himself. The vapor that garbed every tree in ghostly robes, the light sweep of . the wind passing his ear like a woman's sigh, the peace here, and the reminders of life on the river and. market-places beyond, were all old and dear to him. They had helped him before. It was not of his rejected play he was thinking. Somehow the keenness of the ntiug ictt by failure had subdued. In fancy he saw a woman's face, — Virginia's face. It seemed to float before him, sometimes the eyes hidden aB with a veil, sometimes the sweet, proud mouth. He was filled with this new feeling that in the Winkling of an eyo had rushed over him. Was it love? Love! Oh, the eostasy ringing in the soft vowels, as he murmured them in a tender Bemitone ! Hitherto he had written of love, had believed that he understood it. But to-night in every fibre he felt the illimitable, untrans latable difference. He had been a blind man dwelling on the beauty of light he had never seen, — a stay-at-home describing the marvels of lands never journeyed through ; his heart had been sleeping while in his writings he had prated of passion. But this sweeping forgetfuluess of self even in a bitterly critical moment, this reach ing ont to the flooding immersion in the personality of another, this madness that shook him, trailing its seductive sweetness over his soul and making him- light-headed, this insistent burning in bis blood, this yearning newly born, — this was love. . -He flung himself into a restful position against a tree and looked over at the windows where at times Virginia's shadow touched the shade. His face bad grown haggard, his eye3 were alight. Oh, he loved her. It seemed now he had always loved her. 'To tell her — oh, to tell her!' was his unuttered cry. ' Oh, if I had something to offer worth 'her takiug ! — not my beggar's portion, not - the ashes of my dreams. Virginia — dear, tender, sweet- voiced, strong- hearted Virginia, I am not fit to love you.' And now a state of feeling beyond ex pression or definition assailed him and held him as in a noil. It was strange, subtle, exquisitely sad. The mist and rain were part of it, the blustery darkness, the troubled breath in the trees, the longing and indeoision o his soul, the ache of passion, the ambition - bo limitless and unavailing, the dull ac quiescence of the conquered. How merciless destiny seemed in thut moment ; How empty the world 1 The race so long, so tiring, "ending — even at the best — in what ? He was stirred to an ecstatic sadness, Something vital quickened in his con sciousness. The serenity of his fair, untempted years eank from sight, and he seemed to look down an illuminated depth into the very heart of life. Love and death were there; agony and sin ; joy, derision, temptation, despair ; the curse of the; suicide, the laughter of young girls, the sorrow that cries in the night. It was all so terribly clear. It racked him, inundated him, knitted itBelf to him. One after another faces arose, young and old, hands seemed outstretched. He heard words that contained the glory and fire of diamonds, so real they were, so trenohant. Oh, if he could tell the wonderful story that unfolded itself before him. like a scroll upon the darkness,— might not some stand and listen? : He shivered and looked aronnd, emerging from his waking dream as from a trance, and almost startled to find himsolf alone. What was this marvellous change ? He was as one horn again under new" conditions, with keener faculties for reasoning and feel ing. A fire had touched him, — the fire of love. It lightened the dark places of his nature, melted the crust that held the current . of knowledge imprisoned, and he felt stimu lated to walk victorious where before he had stumbled. He thought of the play that but a short while since had been so dear a thing to him. Crude, false, and 'sterile it seemed now. And yet to venture again, — dare he do it ? Even while he questioned, he knew he must. His fingers . tingled ' to grasp a pen. The dehght of the artist, the creator, quivered through him., It was tempered by a sickening edge of dread, bnt still it was delight. In , a little while he was again in his own room, tearing the leaves qf the rejected play to pieces. He flung them into the grate and touched them with a match. 'Virginia was right,' he said, his voice broken, as if he had run a long way, and indeed his inner self had journeyed too far, undreamed of heights that night : ' yon are; false. Not a word of you shall live.' He stood with bowed head watching the papers. They rustled in: a' swirl of wind and flame, subsided into spasmodic fliokerings, and nothing was left but a handful of oharred fragments, light as thistle- down. ' God, help me ! Give me my dream,' he murmured, his lips scarcely moving. A sustained burst of deep-toned . sound from the organ floated to him through the olosed doors. It thrilled him to the heart. He seemed to hear Virginia's stanch words in their delicate intonations; ' I believe in you, Tom.' Louder the music rolled, higher, sweeter, one keen minor note transcending the heavier volume and crowning it like a star. The man's longing eyes brightened as he listened. The festival of harmony augmented his strength. H":s love rushed out to meet it, like flood meeting flood. Virginia seemed playing a pcean of sanotified victory fit for a Crusader who holds his standard aloft, though a rankling wound pales his lips. He would aooept her message. ' Until the last vibration had sunk to a caressing whisper, he stood entranced. CHAPTER IV. The inspiration did not desert him. . All day, add far into each night, he wrote with felioitous ease. No hint of his love passed his lips to Virginia. Pride with a promise of ultimate victory in its warning voice bade Passion wait: ' You are nothing, you have nothing now, but some day you will. Some day you may dare ask her to add her love, the richest jewel, to a measure already full.' And so the time went by with an outward seeming of nneventfol quietude, and October came. Virginia sat alone one bright afternoon. She was painting a panel for a fashionable shop that was pleased to aooept her work and pay as little as was possible for it. Her head was bent low, and a loosened strand ' of hair swept down her cheek. Her figure in its inclined position revealed a snnnle strength and complete repose. The little maid who helped her about the honse had departed, and the room was quiet, save that a tiny white kitten purred before the stove and the clock ticked upon the mantel. And how a clock can. tick in a silent room ! Question it, it answers you. Sit mute, and it voices your thoughts; Vir ginia laid her brush down and listened io it. There was something pathetically childish about her as she sat there, her chin upon her open hand, her dilated eyes coqcbed under the delicate brows, mirroring the passionat regret that of late had poisoned all her days. She was not in Tom's confidence now. She did not share his walks. The gay familiar companionship, so unutterably dear, was ended. He did not know — he never must know — how often she had crept to his door late at night, to listen to the scratch of his impetuous pen. Perhaps her words had stung him to such violent activity he would soon leave them to. fight fortune in a wider field? A startled breath broke upon her lips. What would this place be without him? What would her life be? The clock answered with a cynical, knowing tick. A shadowy wave of desolation rushed over her, and the room grew dark. Her hands fell down helplessly. The clock ticked louder, like a garrulous crone foretelling disaster. ' Virginia ?' fell upon her ears with a soft suddenness that startled heir. The panel slipped from her knees, and, grasping the arms of the chair, she turned her head, to find Tom standing above ber. ' I have been watching yon for a full minute, he said, throwing his hat down and drawing over a low stool, so that he faced her. In the hushed, masterful whisper she recognised something unusual. Something unusual was in his face, too. Repression was there, excitement-, joy. ' I didn't hear you come in,' Virginia answered, . his voice sounding thick and far away in her own ears. She half stooped- to draw back the piece of satin on which a bunch of daisies was still wet. He caught her hand, and with gentle fingers that brooked no resistance took the thing away and placed it out of her reach,. 'Dear little hand!' and his voice was heavy, with love, ' dear, faithful little hand ! Let it rest awhile here, Virginia.' The girl shivered as one does who rushes from a cold vault into the sunlight. ' Look at me !' . she heard him saying in a half-suppressed voice of intense exultation. ' I am the happiest fellow in New York. . You told me you believed in me. Yc-v. told me that. Oh, Virginia, how these words have stayed with me ! And you were right. I have succeeded. My last play was accepted, and by the man who rejected ill the others.' A boyish laugh of pure delight left his lips, and he sank on his knees beside her. ' I'd like to set all the bells in the chapel pealing, call out the fellows, and tell them the exchange was not so bad, after all. Not so bad, — eh, Virginia?' he asked, thinking how lovely were the velvet deeps of her eyes. ' It is so sudden, so strange. Bat, oh, there is such gladness and light in my - heart for you, Tom ! Tell me more, tell me all about it.' He leaned closer ; she felt his hand upon her shoulder ; his mouth in its lithe,- boyish curves was very near her own. ' There is something else I must tell you first,' he said, slowly. (To be oonttnued.) 