A West African Tragedy. Mr District Commissioner Howard ruled a wild region of swamp and forest, Iying between the British Colony of the Gold Coast and the Kingdom of Ashanti, in the name of the White Queen. His territory lay west of the muddy Volta River, and there he suffered much from heat and fever, did his best to put down cannibalism and human ra:rifice, which things are by no means uncommon in that land; and administered justice to many thousands of naked " beshmen," over whom he held power of life and death. One stifling December day he sat in the wide hall beneath the residency; his house, like most others in that anhealthy region, was raised on piles to escape the worst of the miasma, for if a white man sleeps upon the grounn level in West Africa he generally dies swiftly and suddenly. Green persianos shut out the fierce sun-glare but not the heat, and the air that entered the room was like the breath of a furnace and foul with the odours of putrescent river mud and rotting vegeta tion. The Commissioner leaned feebly up on his desk, for he wan weak with fever, and groaned as he surveyed the lines of black faces before him, all either waiting trial for wife-stealing, midnight murder, and horrid rites in honour of the Ju-Jo devils, or bringing disputes which would have tried the wisdom of Solomon, for his decision. A guard of Haussa soldiers-black Mohammedans with Arab blood in their veins from the far north-were ranged along the wa'l, their Snide:s in their hands, and presently two more entered by the open door, leading forward a tall negro, handcuffed between them. Com missioner Howard brushed away the tapers which littered his desk, for the prisoner wore the crimson fez and the serge uniform of the Frontier Con stabulary, and in the swarthy features and soldierly figure he recognised a Haussa who had once served in his own company. " Come in peace," he said, speaking in the quaint tongue of the north, with its traces of Arab idiom ; "but what is this, Sergeant Sbailla ?" " I am ro longer a serverr f the White Queen, but a prisoner who waits his sentence," was the steady answer, and the Commissioner tore open a long blue envelope and read a message from his friend, who without jurisdiction held an outpost on the Dahomey frontier, end ing: "This man incited his comrades to raid a village under French protec tion, which they did and slew the head man. The French officers are furious, and demand satisfaction. I am afraid you must hang him. Here follows sworn testimony." CJmmissioner Howard flung the papers down and turned towards the black soldier "The book (African term for letter) says you have shed blood when there was no war, and that you must hang," he said, sharply, and the Haussa looked him etra'ght in the eyes as he answered "The words are true, but there was good reason, and there was once a day upon the Kaun river when we turned back the Shanti heathen, and the officer man was sick and wounded." "I do not forget; there was also a Haussa sergeant who saved his officer's life. Speak on-it may be there is mercy," said the white man. The prisoner drew himself up, and looking round him proudly, replied : "I am a Mussulman and of a race of soldiers. I was once a sergeant in the service of the White Queen, and I do not speak for the ears of the naked heathen i also, the story is long and sad." Asharporder was given ; the Haussas removed both prisoners and pleaders, and at the stern bidding, " Speak now, and see that the words are true," Sergeant Shaill told his story " As the officer knows," he said, "I served the Government in the swamps, beyond the Volta, under the orders of the Lieutenant man Enright, besides the Gila river. For a while all went well, for the white man lay sick with fever, and I, Sergeant Shaillo, ruled the district in his stead. There are those who speak of presents of oil and ivory, bat their words are false, and there was no favour shown. Then trouble again, for there was a woman dwelt across the Gila river, in the land where the white men rule who speak another tongue (French settlements in Dahomey). She was tall and straight, and her face was light in colour like the women of the north, and her eyes were the colour of the white men's, unlike the women of the bushmen, who are ugly as the wood devils." The Commissioner nodded; he knew the blood of the early Dutch settlers still flowed in the veins of many of the Fantis. "I would have bought her for my wife, for the Lieutenant man agreed, but her father, who is a worshipper of the ' Jo-Jn'devils, and an accursed heathen, laughed me to scorn, and would have sold her to the headman of the village, but that the latter haggled over the oil to be paid." "So we met secretly by night beside the ' Jun-Jn' ford of the Gila river, where few but Fetich priests dare to pass, and the girl trembled, for it was a very evil place. The swamp lay all round, the dark forest rose from the water like a wall, and many a time as I lay among the trees-for it was death to go by ni6ght among the Dahomey heathen-watching the fireflies which the bushmen say are lost souls, and listening to the song of the river, I heard the wood devils moaning in the forest, antd'the rush of the wiDngs of Amalask breathing the pestilence upon i ,he palms." (This is generally believed I by coast tribes.) "Twice a wandering bushman fired at me, taking me for an evil ghost, but the potleg went wide, and so we met and ,alked nightly by the lonely ford. Afterwards, I might not pass the river for fear of the Dahomey people who lay .na wait to rob the oil-carriers as the canoes went by, and the girl crossed the ford to the nearest side. " One night she came, and her voice was thick with sobs, for the headman would not pay the price her father asked, and for fear of him and the Ju-Ju' priests the o!d man gave orders that she should be sent away into the forests of that land of darkness and black magic, the kingdom of Dahomey, and we should meet no more. Then my heart sank within me, and I was mad with rage, while I considered the matter whether I might carry her off even then. But the thing might not be, for the villagers would make complaint to the white men, and these demanding justice of the Lieutenant she must be given up. A man could reach the far-off Haussa land on the fringe of the desert, but no woman might pass through the country I of the dwarfs-(there are a dwarf people I about 4 feet high dwelling somewhere r north of Gold Coast)-sund it was death f to venture into the hands of the Da homey chiefs. But I told her not of my sorrow, but cheered her with pleasant words though my heart burned within I me, and we walked beneath the palms I until the morning mists lifted at the break of day. f "She might come but once more," 3 she said, and I swore by the beard of the Prophet that there should ba a way of escape, or I would slay the headman with my own hand; and when she 3 crossed the misty ford the bitterness of r death was in my heart. " It came about that the next night I i lay beneath the rustling palms, watching t the fireflies glimmer, with the sound of I the river filling my ears, but my blood was hot like the fire of the pit ; there 3 was a mist before my eyes, and strange r fancies flitted befors me. The wood a devils sighed across the palms; for one may hear them in the forests of the coast, but the magic of the heathen may not hurt the true believer, and I clutched \- the rifle-stock the tighter and counted the ammunition in my belt-ten rounds f -and everyone held a man's life. In each puff of hot wind the evil spirits mocked me as a coward, for had I not sworn to carry the girl off or slay the I headman and there was no way it might r be done? Also, the oath lay heavy on my soul, and I knew that I should see r the girl no more. r "So I lay as one possessed of devils, I thinking many evil things, and tearing r at the ground, while in the talking of I the river I heard the voice of Amalaku, I the water god of the heathen, whispering \- that I should slay her and myself after. e But the Sheiks of the desert, when they 3 come south of the land of the Hanusas, a say that El Koran teaches that whoso \- loses his soul for a woman shall be cast 3 into the fire of the pit, so I shuddered a and was afraid. 1" Slowly the hours passed, and the girl came not until the day broke and the shadows fled before the coming i day. Then there was a sound of sing s ing, and a voice clear as the bells of Cristensberg, where the Governor dwells, e and sw:et as the tinkle of streams in the s northern sand, rose above the palms. IA voice which stirred my heart called e ' Shaillu, Shailla,' and, rising to my feet, 3I saw my love standing beside the ford. 1 Then she splashed through the shallow \- where the stream ripples sharply over s the sand, and presently came towards \- me across the misty ford, the yellow \- waters ripp'ing from ankle to knee, and k, nee to waist. S"'The c'ear song swelled across the s river, and there was a smile upon her face, and brightness in her eyes, as of e one bearing cheerful tidings. Some e thing rustled in the bush, and I, a forest soldier, should have known the sound; but when a man's heart is bound up in a e woman he heeds little, and I stood like one stricken into sleep, with my eyes I upon her face. e " Shaillo, Shaill, she cried, ' these are tidings,' and my heart trembled with s fear, for the wiz-ned ' Ju-Jo' man, the y priest of the Fetich idevils, stood beside I the ford, though the girl saw him not, r and he raised the long flintlock gun of the heathen, being doubtless bribed by a the headman to destroy me. While I s thrust a cartridge into the chamber of the s Snider my hands tremb!ed and the abreech-block would not close, for I saw Sthat the girl stood wondering between. a Even as my barrel went up, the gun .flashed, and with a wild scream ehe fell Iforward into the river, and the yellow Swater closed over the face I loved. I Sdroppef the rifle, and epringing into the muddy water, caught the white dress as sit floated down stream, and bore her ,dripping to the bank. " For a time she lay in my arms, the red blood welling from a wound in her breast, and then the heavy lids opened, I and her eyes looked long into mine. ' Shaillu,' she murmured once, and then Sher head fell forward, and the soul of my love went from her. "Laying the body down, I seized the Snider, and with her life-blood still warm upon my hands, passed the ford Sand followed close upon the trail of the ,murderer. The 'Juo-J' man had a start, and ran well, for he knew that all the magic of the heathen could not save a him from the fate that followed fast, and a the string of charms rattled upon his a shrivelled chest as he went. The men Sof the north run fast, and heedless of stabbing horn or mnatted creeper, I burst athrough the forest, but a Snider ball flies faster still, and the Government Icartridge bites hard. Yet he died not I when he fell, nor till I had heard enough to know that the headman had bribed Shim to slay me; then the Snider butt Scrushedhis skull, and I threw him to the alligators which lurk among the Smangrove roots. S"That night, while the Lieutenant alaughed and talked foolishly, for the , hand of the fever was upon him, I and e four comrades crossed the silent ford, bearing the body of the dead girl i with us. Creeping into the Dahomey village like ghosts, we smote upon the Sdoor of the headman's hut with the Snider butt'. When he came forth he >saw me, and wouln!d have fled, though he was tall and strong of limb, bdit I I clew him with my naked hands, and !ahen his life went out beneath my tightening fingers we threw the unclean Scarcase back into the hot, and burned it with fire. " Then the grester part of the heathen ded, but the father of the girl, with her brothers and a band of armed men, stood fast, and we marched up the avenue with the body on our shoulders and the Sniders in our hands until we stood before them. Then I spoke: 'My love is dead. The ' Ju-Ju' man slew her. Take the body and bury it after the manner of her own people. The ' Ja-Ju' man is slain, and the alli gators even now tear him limb from limb. The headman is dead also, and is burned with fire. Her blood is avenged, and we go in peace.' " Then the old man wept, for he loved his daughter, though he would have sold her in marriage, and he said : ",There was a quarrel between us, but that is gone. Go in peace and forget.' " So we came back through the night, and when the Lieutenant ross from his sickness I told him the story even as it happened, hiding nothing, and he made no answer, for he also was a soldier. Then the villagers made com plaint to the white officers of the Da homey coast, and these clamouring for vengeance, Lieutenant Enright sent me here a prisoner. This is the whole matter, and by the beard of the Prophet the thing is true." Cammissioner Howard gnawed his moustache f r a time in silence, then he raised his head, and the Haussa met his searching glance unmoved as he said sternly "The word of the White Queen is that the shedder of blood must die, and and by the law of the Gold Coast you should hang; but there was provoca tion, and you served the Government well, notably that day by the Kann river. Still, the justice of the white men is the same to all, and I may not set you free. Listen : It may be that the sentry on guard sleeps at his post, and that the lock of the handcuffs gives way. Such things have happened, and a strong man armed may t'averse the forests of the hinterland. There are also maize, kola nuts, and tobacco in the nn'ocked store. "And now, Sergeant Shailla, I shall see your face no more, therefore go in peace." The prisoner raised his head and his eyes were bright. "The Haussa land is a pleasant one," he said. "Beyond the fever swamps and the forests of the heathen there is a dry eouatry of rustling grass, where is neither fever nor pestilence. There are many palms and much wealth of horse and cattle. The blue smoke of the fire hangs over the villages at sunset, and there is no stockade; for the Haussas are col liers' people, and neither the Arabs of the north nor the heathen from the south dare cress its boarders. Some day the white man will come, and the bearer of this, the token of Amrad Shaillu, will find a we'come there." An amulet of gold graven in mystic characters, fell upot the desk, and the Commissioner said quickly, "Go in peace ;" then, raising his voice, called in the guard, saying, " Take that man away and make him fast." Early next morning one cLme running breathless to say that Sha;lln had broken prison and was gone, and a rifle was also missing from the arm-rack. When, a few weeks later, Lieutenant Enright re ceived a letter from the Commissioner ending, "I reget to inform you that Shaillo, your prisoner, escaped-he was evidently a determined ruffian," he smote the table so that the glasses jingled, and there was satisfaction in his face. 