A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PAR- LIAMENT. LOCOMOTER ATAXIA LONG CON- SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON- QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WIL- LIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the " Australian Workman." On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-la?, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing sti l the marks of a critical illness and a p riod of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid ro d to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to tho e who are st icken as I was." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work and 1 have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have be n in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were some- thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my- self and everyone else, I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23 March last I saw a well- known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institu- tions.' " Did you make use of the order." "No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques- tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and he did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomot r ataxia, or Pro- gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar distur- bances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise- ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, I read in the advertisement of a case when seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about without the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches the e ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I dont want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has comeback in my legs. If I keep on g ing the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. Thep have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being out again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and it con- firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark- able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He after- wards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 3s., or ½doz. for 15s. 9d. 