The Hospital Entertain ments. THE FIRST A BRILLIANT SUCCESS. TRAGEDY AND MUSIC. THAT there is no diminution of the popularity of the entertainments promoted by Mr. C. H. Hannell in aid of the Newcastle Hospital was fully evidenced last night, when long before the curtain rose the building was packed in almost every part. The entertainment sig nalised the 22nd anniversary of the enter tainments promoted by Mr. Hannell, and in the quarter of a century he has been instru mental in enriching the Hospital ex ehequer to the extent of some thing like £5000. Mr. Hannell in arranging his entertainment has the happy knack of drafting a programme which in variably hits the popular taste. It will be heard with feelings of considerable regret that Mr. Hannell, who has done so much for the hospital, intends to seek a rest at'the conclusion of Saturday night's performance, but there is a possibility that when he sees the hospital in need of funds the old ardour will not permit him to remain behind the scenes, and the public will, doubtless, again have the pleasure of seeing him at the helm promoting with all that old-time enthusiasm the entertainments in aid of the institution he so dearly loves, and for which he has worked so energetically the better part of his life. Before the performance commenced last evening, the 4th Regiment Band played a number of selections in Perkin-street, opposite the Theatre, the front of which had, been brilliantly illuminated. All along the top ledge of the building there were placed upwards of 70 gas jets, each served with seven star burners, the effect being very pretty. Projecting from the colonnade was a 6 x 6 transparency of her Majesty, splendidly executed by Mr. Geo. Dowdall, and on which. was written " 1837 to 1897. Record reign." When the bandsmen took up their positions in the theatre and were fairly seated they struck up " God Save the Queen," the vast audience rising en masse and singing the first verse. This was followed by the contest overture " Champion" (Hartmann) by the band, but .it proved altogether too lengthy, although the rendition was delightfully given. The curtain then rose on '"scenes from Shakespeare's sublime creation, ' Hamlet,' and the revival re newed the enthusiasm which former produc tions of the play on similar occasions have always excited. Last night Mr. Hannell assumed the title rola, and he was never heard or seen to better advantage, and from first to last he showed that he was eminently fitted to fill the part. It was possibly in the fourth scene that he was seen at his best, and it is here that he must be complimented upon the best piece of legitimate stage work he has yet done. The reading was a really excellent one. The enunciation was clear, and the deliveries were received with loud and con tinued applause. Mr. Hannell was freely complimented upon the success of his imper sonation. Mr. Harry Leston as the ghost was all that could be desired. He was ad mirably got up, and in the scene in which he announces himself as the ghost of Hamlet's father, he fairly brought down the house. His acting throughout was faultless, and Mr. Leston proved himself an accomplished elocutionist. Mr. Dugald Dobie sustained the part of Horatio very creditably indeed. He not only looked the part, but acted it, with considerable earnestness, and eclipsed all his previous efforts in the histrionic line. Mr. E. Newing, as Marcellus, was commendable, his lines being spoken correctly and delivered with a firmness that gave evidence of previous stage experience. Bernardo was played by Mr. A. Zealand, and although he had not a great deal to do, that little was done well, giving evidence that he will still further improve. Mr. H. Lockhart, in a minor part, gave satisfaction. The scenes from the great historical play proved thoroughly enjoyable, and those who took part- therein are to be warmly congratulated upon the success of their respective efforts. All the costumes were rich and costly, and the staging was admirable. The second part opened with the "?Trilby" waltz by the band, after which Me. . .H. Hannell favoured the audience with " Thy Sentinel am I," his rich baritone veice being heard to every advantage. Miss Edith O. King fully maintained the high position she has acquired in public favour by her sympa= thetie rendering of the scena from "Faust," "King o' Thule," and "Jewel Song." The young lady's effort was so suo cessful that she was compelled to return, when lhe favoured the audience with a pleasing balladr and added to her well earned reputation as a vocalist of. the first rank. Mr. J. Morgan gave "Aeroas the Blue Hills " (Blumenthal), with pleasing effect, proving himself a promising young vocalist. Miss Harrie Lipman rendered Tosti's " Qood-bye" as it was never given before in Newcastle, and the subsequent applause was maintained until the young artiste obliged with another ballad even more successfully rendered. Miss O'Meara, who pogsesses a voice of great power, range, and sweetness, sang "The Flight of Ages," in which she achieved an undoubted triumph. This young lady is now thoroughly in popular favour, and, like the other ladies, she had to submit to the inevitable encore. Mrs. W. F. Jamnes' rich contralto \voioe was heard to every advantage in Pinsuti's song " Heaven and earth," for the rendition 'of which she was voociferously re-called. Both numbers were given with a perfect vocalisation and an artistic finish rarely heard in Newcastle. A comic recital by Mr. Syd. Davis, entitled "Scene in a Police Court," proved a very welcome item. Mr. Davis is an excellent mimic, and his effort was warmly ap preciated. "A song of thanksgiving" (Allitren), by Miss Edith O. King, was most tastefully rendered, and the audience de manded re-appearance This ygung lady is an, established favourite in Newcastle, and as such she is always' heartily welcomed. Another selestion by the hand, and then the curtain rose on the great dialogue scene from "Othello," Mr. Haunnell appearing in the name part and Mr. Harry Leston as lago. The scene was gallantly played, and Mr. Hannell even surpassed his previous effort. Mr. Leston, as was gene rally expected, made a capital Isgo, and he gave a well-judged delivery of this difficult part. This broughttoa conclusion one of the most suooessful entertainments yet provided by Mr. Hannell, and the audience left the building highly delighted with' the' pro gramme submitted. Mr. Hannell estimates that, there. was £150 in the house, and he expects to even beat this on Saturday night, wheanhe purposes giving a bicycle away as a souvenir of his lengthy connection with the hospital as an entertainment promoter. The programme for Saturday night will appear in to-morrow's issue. It is equally as good as the one given' last evening. 'The concert part has the names of several ladies who did not take part last night, and Mr. Allpress, the renowned violinist, has gene rouly tendered his services, and will play a solo (un)ecompanied)," Ohaoonhe" (Bach). The 4th' Reg~ment Banid .will also play several of their choicest waltzes, and the house should be again'orammed. Mr. Han nell 'will give a short, rough, statemeantof receipts and expenses. 