BY ANNA SHELDS. CONTINUED FROM MAY ISSUE. "I promise." and, as I spoke, David died. I put him down and went to see about having him taken from the ground where he lay. But there was no one there to care for the dead. Too many living called for help on every side, Yet my promise pressed heavily upon me. Any moment the news might be carried to Talbot's farm and the desk was liable to be opened. I took the pocketbook and went over the road Davy and I had travelled so often side by side. I knew the side door would be open, and I went straight to David's room. A bright moonlight made that almost as light as day, and I opened the desk, found the letters, and then went down the stairs, out of the house and back to the terrible scene I had left, to give one man's help to the bitter work that was being done there.'' "Then you were the ghost !" I cried. "I am the man Mrs. Talbot heard and saw beyond a doubt, but I never knew that she was awake until I heard your story to-night. I waited until daylight before I carried my heavy news over to the farm, and in the sore grief there, no one told me of that super- natural visitation, and as I have explained, my errand was a secret one." "What became of Meta ? ' asked a fair girl, at the age to feel far more interest in a love story than in a ghost story. "Meta," Mr. Dennis said, "died about six years ago. She was not so false as I believed her, but weak. Her father discovered her love for poor David, and he had set his heart upon her marriage with his partner. She was frightened at the thought of poverty, for her father threatened to disinherit her and to turn David's friends in Lowell against her. It is easier than one would think, and Meta was frightened into giving him up. I took the letters to her, for I feared if I destroyed them she might worry over their supposed exist- ence, and I wanted to keep my promise to David fully, and give that poor comfort to the woman he loved, for his sake. I called when I was sure she would be alone, and she saw me. I told her of Davy's death, of his dying request, and gave her the letters. She put them, all tied up as he left them, upon the glowing coals of an open grate, and as the last black speck floated up the chimney, Meta fainted. I left her, after ringing for her maid, and never saw her again. But I heard of her death, and I know that she was very unhappy. I think if the dead could visit the living that Davy's spirit would have appeared to Meta, dearly as he loved his mother." "But probably it rested quietly in greater peace than earth gives,'' I said, resigning with these words my faith, so effectually destroyed, in my one supernatural visitation—the return to his home of David Talbot's ghost. THE END. 