THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN. T wns a wild, stormy evening upon which Will Durroll arrived and took possession of his suddenly- ucquired estate of Bttllyran, County Galway, Irelund. > Younff, hnndsomo, and talented, Will Darrell had struggled, since his > boyhood. With adversity, and now, at the affe of eight-and-twonty, found > himself a rich man, having woke up one morning to the know- ledge of a > legacy, from a distant and till , then unknown relative, of twenty-thousand' > pounds und Castle Ballyran. The money was in the Funds, and a transfer had' > been effected, when Darrell resolved upon a I journey to the sister country > to-inspeat the | property, of whioh he htuMieard only a con- | fused > account. He found, on his arrival, that the Castle was a venerable old pile, > and a young and enthusiastic artist, Darrell viewed his possession with > rapturous eyes. Jfar-from uuy town, and at a considerable distance even from > the nearest vitlsge, the old castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, > overhanging the rooky e onshore. The ap- prosiobtlay over a bleak and almost > barren uplund, and the gusty wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves. It > was upon one of the lust days of Octo ber, the evening of which was closing > in, as. Durroll. wicli his Irish agent, entered the great hall of the > eastlc. A portion only of 1 the great building was habitable, and for- years > -no one hud resided there but an old maul named Mike, and the-crorio, his > wife,, who were the custodians of-the place, and hud-grown groywithin its > walls. Will Darrell-and the agent were received- most rererontiully by the > ancient couple, and were conducted to the chief chamber on the ground floor, > the banquet hall of former duye. It loomed large-and-lofty, and dimly grand > in the grey twilight, ren dered yet more obscure by the discoloured windows, > through whioh everything was thrown in shadow. The panelling was- of black > oak, relieved) by the gilded quarterings of old- families, and the dim > portraits of old generations. Ab-the farther end of the chamber was a dais, > and- above it hung some tattered 'ban ners, which hud done good service in- > their day, und drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought > field. There were- arms of almost every age, and - here end-there complete > suits of-rusty mail stood nut like gaunt and -warlike spectres. A long table > occupied the centre of the hall, but a few chnirs only stood at its head. > Towards these the-newcomers made tbeir way us old Miko entered, bearing- > huge candelubras. Above tiie immense chimney-piece was carved some incident > of the eurly.jvnrs, the design of which was lost to the eager artist's eyeB > of the young ' legatee, by the smoke that issued in thick \- volumes from > the turf and green wood, but nowly-lighted on thu largo hearth beneath. " > Welcome, Mr. . Darrell. Cead Mille Failthe, welcome to the old castle ! may > I you lirjp- long, sir, to reside in it with all honour and prosperity ! " > exclaimed the agent, warmly. " Reside in it ! By my faith I'll never leave > it I What a glorious old place ; its ruinous aspeetdelights me mora than > would a gorgeous palace with our latest modern improvements." Gazing > admiringly around, Will Darrell was only roused from the most pleasant of > ruminations by the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays > burthened witli diBhes ' containing boiled and roast fowls, dried salmon, > cakes, oaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. . 1 Tired and hungry, the > artist and the genial ugent did full justice to uli that was placed before > them, the former partaking almost too freely of the potent potheen. Until > eleven o'olook the jovial companions caroused, when Mike offered to conduct > them to their apartments for the night. The withered, serving man, like most > of his class, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of storios of ghosts > and banshees. To those lutter Will Darell listoned with much interest and an > amused smile. .One tule particularly rivotted the atten tion of the young > artisit ; it wus of a phan tom whom report credited with prowling and > gliding about the old custle at midnight —the phantom of a young und lovely > womun in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, con sulting his watoh ' > with a humorous smile, asked -the aged servitor whut particular portion of > the castle wus most favoured by the ghost, and was informed that the lovely > phantom had been soon gliding uboub in the habited,- portion of the building > as ns ofton as thelohumbsrs tlmt were falling into ruin ontl-deooy. " Very > woll, Mike. They say, ' After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.' > So, us I feel now not at all inclined for re pose, givo ino a lantern and > I'll amuse my self by finding out If thin pretty phantom wiir'show up' to > the new lord of her domain." " Mushn, an' it's going over the cnBtle- all by > yourself, your honour, und close on midnight 1 Ochono, -it's tempting Provi > dence, shure 1 " said the old man trembling and devoutly crossing himself. " > Ob, don't you f»ur, Mike, a lady ghoBt or no ghost ..won't frighten Will > Darrell; and, perhaps, as I'm a single young man the female phantom will run > awuy from me instead of after me." "Bedad, the pretty colleen may lead you > out on the rocks, shure, an' yer honour may bo curried away the same as > young 1'at Doolan, who was lost ontoirely, blown out to sua, and never heard > of again, Musha ! " " Well, I'll chance the rooks, the wind, \- and the sen. > Mike, give me a lantern ; I'm determined to .find the phantom of Castle > Ballyran, so say no more, but off with you to your old dame, und leave me to > look about for this youngone. In the flosh-oroub of It, I'll have speech > with her, though all tho shades of my ancestors surrounded her." Laughing at > the lugubrious janitor the young lord of the old oastle, rocoiving u lighted > lantern from hie trembling hands, boldly strode from the banquet hall, and > presently began to mount the dilapidated etaircuao without. The walls > broken, and the casamontB beaten in, -the wind in fitful blustt, and rush > ing Swoops 1 met him in full force as at lougth be gained a narrow landing > place kbyver' ... ... The bold artist, stopping now for a moment, stood by > an open nlehe to breathe the night ale and listen to tho surgjng moan of the sea as it laved the beach, laughing aloud ns attracted by tho glare of the lun- tern a huge cat dashed full in his face at the very moment that an owl cot up her metun- c.fcoly, weird tu whit, tu whoo ! Pursuing his wuy through a long gallery, undismayed by the rats that, sturtled from their holes, ecumpered over the blaok floor like frightened rabbits, Will Darrell, hold ing high tho lantern, pressed- on unbil'he gained un upartmenb, vast, gloomy and- very scantily provided with crazy antique-furni ture. A bed at ono side-the room -looked dark ancf hearse-Iiks, and its proportions to the eye of the artist seemed fit for a-com- pany of light infantry, who might- pre- : vkrasly have sat down together to sup im the fireplace, where four green logs- were making asthmatic attempts - at a smoke. , -The wilts were-hung with torn- arras, , and) th ere-wece -half-a-dozen -portraits oft-former.; owners of Castle-Ballyran. At the farther end-of thojroom-from the: bed Darrellobeerveda door,-thatapparentlyj opened into some lesser chamber. Profound quiet now reigned- throughout- (tlie old -building,, and, swinging hielantern- to and fro, W-ilPDarzell'-waa etepping>to the doorthat-had attracted his attention-when- he -was startled-by-a-load sigh andHhe-tap- top of tiny feet-as -though a child was run ning across the floor. " So the ghosts are-beginning the game. I never heard yet that- phantoms required, fires to warm themselves by,, and, as this- apartment was - certainly nob intended'for -my bed-chambor„ situate as it is in- the uninhabited part-of -the castle, the matter, ,-to suy tbe-leust ofcit, looks suspioious. I -made up.my mind to'bavea squint at old -Miko's phantom, and it appears to me-my \- curiosity- respecting the female ghost is very -likely -to be>grutified." Soliloquising thus, Will Darrell, undetorrred by the sound. of a -faint moan,-boldly made for tho door front ing tho hearse-like bedstead. The means of - egress -to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artist -threw it-back on its hinges, storting and uttering-un exclamation of wonder as he caught sight of the figure of a young woman. A lovely woman, habited in a white dress, and who by her attitude as she stood star- ing at the intruder, whilst in her astonish- -went and alarm grasping for support the -back of an easy American chair, was as .surprised und confounded ae he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in umaze at the beautiful vision bofore him, and then with a loudilaugh mude a dash forwards, as tho womun with a shriek bounded away-like a young fawn out-tlurough an opening in tho wall at the -back of-tho chambor. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair ocoupanb had at once availed-herself of this rotroat opened to her. About to- follow the substantial phantom, - the young-Irishman was seized in tho grasp of a shock-hcaded Irishman, who, with a: broudgrin upon his tanned and liumorouB features, exclaimed : " Whist, yer honour I be aisy ; I've seen Mike, be tould me as ye meant to sue the phantom of the castle, and, bedad 1 you've frightened the banshee instead of her frightening you.- Shure, but come, Musha, it's all the boys as'll be glad to sae yer honour.-" "Humph! I think I understand mat- tore. However, lead on iny friend, I'll fol low ! " ejaculated Darrell, at once un hesitatingly treading in the footsteps of his guido. Threading their way onward through tho deserted ohumbers, they presently rcuched a roofless tower, and from thence descended a long winding stairoaso leading to the crags. Over these wne Darrell conducted by his guide, he knew nob whithor, hearing only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark object seemed to oppose further progrets, ' but the Irishman thrust the brushwood | aside, and led the way on through u narrow winding pussuge, apparently hollowed out of the rooks. A loud shout now broke upon the pare or Darrell, and tho noxb instant he was in the centre of a wild group who welcomed hiui with uproarious cheers und boisterorus mirth to the smugglers' cave of Ballyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own, Will Darrell seuted himself upon u keg, und muoh to the delight of his rough com panions gulped down a glass of pure pothean that he felt assured had never paid duty. The story wus soon 'old to the amused young urbisb ; Castle Ballyran, offering admirable facilities for head-quarters, Dan Rufferty's smuggler 'band hud dcaided to spread the repoit of the building being haunted. Noruli, the chief's daughter, a romantic, bold young colloon, oonsenting to enaot the role of phantom. Surprised; however, that night by the now lord of the castle, we have seen how tho young lady ghost ran for it, iriBteud of mirthfully be holding the flight of her victims. Tho carouse of the smugglers and their honoured gueBt was kept up till early morn, Will Darrell deriving much amusoment from the confusion of the agent and old Mike, whp> .both had,, of course, been in ' league with the smugglers. We nevor hoard ii the smuggler band after this discovery dispersed to " fresh fields and pastures new," bub we do know that Will Dai roll became the husband of tho pretty phantom of Custle Ballyran; 