Letter from Aunt Eily. My Dear Children—To most of you the weleome time of midsummer holidays will just be beginning, and all the school displays and entertainments of 1897 will be a thing of the past, and you are no doubt looking forward to having a lovely time generally. I should much like to have each of your opinions of what consti tutes a lovely time. Some of you, I dare say, think the best thing of all is to have nothing to do, but the more sensible and more experienced among you will know that quite the opposite is better far. I will recommend to you all a little couplet for the holidays :— " A want of occupation is not rest; A mind quite vacant is a mind dis tressed." So the wise ones will look forward to useful work of some kind for their holidays, for the hardest work of all is having nothing to do. And then for dear old Christmas once again. I sometimes think if we spoke of that great Festival as the birthday of Our Lord it would help to bring more clearly to our minds its meaning. For the idea of ChristmaB has become so overladen with quite other matters that the little crib in the stable at Bethlehem, and the Divine Child with His most pure mother and Holy St. Joseph have qujte fallen into the background at this busy, bustling, buying, eating and drinking season. We would want to take wings and fly away to the land of the Angels and learn there something of the great and wonderful mystery. For there in that heavenly country will be awe and love, and there also will be wonder at the cold hearts of men and the indifference of the creatures for love of whom this tender Babe has come down to earth. But you, dear nephews and nieces, will not be of the number who forget" why this jubilee," and on that gladsome morning, when you offer your hearts to the new-born King, they will echo the joyous strains of the Angels—"Glory to God on High, and Peace on Earth." You want, every one of you, to be "good" for Christmas, and the shortest way,to all goodness is to love and be kind; be good, be kind to every one, because you love the little Babe so much who does all for love of you. And then, of course, you will all remember to have your " mantle " of Hail Marys in readiness. When we love anyone very much, and are going perhaps to make them a little present, we get it ready, oh, in such good time, and we wish the day would quickly arrive when we are to have the pleasure of expressing a little of the love we feel by presenting our gift. Well, surely, it will not be less so when the friend is the little Infant Jesus, the tender Lamb of. God. So we will be in good time with the Hail Marys, and the hearts which you are going to offer will be as innocent and pure as prayer and preparation will make them. And then how you will enjoy your Christ mas, for to those ! Whose hearts are good and pure, Christmas joys shall aye endure." In that beautiful song, "The Gift," which I daresay many of you know well, the little Christ-child asks the mother what He shall give her child, and the wise mother asks for " purity, faith, and love," rather than any other gift that could be named, and then the Christ-child promises to be ever with that little child. So it will be with you, dears, and so for the present I must leave the subject of Christmas alone, knowing well that all these things are dear and familiar to you from your very earliest childhood. It is, I think, when the great festivals come round that Catholics realize, and in a fuller mea sure appreciate, the gift of faith and the grace of belonging to the true Church, and how can there be a truly happy Christmas without a holy Christmas. I notice with great satisfaction that the season is not to be allowed to pass without some good donations for the little orphans. I have this week received a very handsome donation of £3 from Niece May McDonald, Mary vale Station, and I fancy it will be but the first of many more to follow before the year is out. I am sure when you are all enjoying yourselves you will not forget the little children who look to you for some of their happiness, and not only the child ren at the Orphanage but the kind Sisters in whose charge they are will bless you and pray for you. My correspondents last week were all old and tried veteran members. Our little founder, as I may call her, Niece Annie Herreen, has written me again a nice letter and sent a donation of 5s. Thanks, dear. I am glad indeed to hear of your new school. I hope you will pass many busy, happy days there. Niece Mary McEvoy, from Hammond, has sent me a very good motto and a nice dona tion. I am sorry to hear of the sickness in your family. I hope it is all over now. Niece Eileen, Mintaro Station, writes me quite a long letter, a well-chosen motto, and a good donation, so what better niece could I have. Tou must send me the photo you speak of and I will place it in our album. At Willunga is a little nest of loyal and true members, and Niece Josephine Fitz patrick is on this occasion their spokes woman. I am glad you so much enjoy reading " The Southern Cross," and I thank Niece Edie and Nephew Charlie as well as yourself for the donation I have received. Last comes my good nephew Willie Gason, with, of course, a donation. Nephew Willie has a mania for donations, and I am certain if ever bis ghost is seen it will be sending donations to Aunt Eily for the orphans. Now I really must conclude, with every good wish to all my dear nephews and nieces for a very Merry Christmas and a Happy Mew Tear. With love, AUNT EILT. Aunt Eilt acknowledges Niece May McDonald, Mary Vale Station, ^£3. 