Ghost and "War Dances. It is the "custom upon the occasion of j each Indian uprising at any of the.] T^esteru agencies, to assign some ecial cause, differing according to the circumstances, for the outbreak. In the case of the Cheyennes, who are now making trouble at the Tongue River Agency, in Montana, it is said that the disturbance originated in the ; murder of a sheep herder by the Indians, because they feared that he would inform against them for cattle stealing. There can usually be found, of course, some incident upon which to fasten the outbreak, but the real cause of the Indian trouble lies deeper than this. At certain times as the red man hitnself says, " Injun's heart gets bad." Very often this occurs in the spring, when the fresh, new grass has put the ponies into perfect condition, and when the mild weather has caused the ponies' masters to shake off their winter lethargy. Then the aforesaid " bad" feeling manifests itself, and the Indians desire nothing so much as to go forth and kill. The killing of human beings would be preferable, as offering more excitement, but hunting, if it is good enough, offers a substitute which may be accepted. Thus, as long as the buffaloes lasted they provided a means of outlet for the Indians' surplus destructive energy, but now this re source has disappeared, and there is no other legitimate hunting to compare with it. So when the councils and the dances have aroused every particle of warlike spirit in the hearts of the young braves, what more natural than that it should be found easy to pick quarrels, and that the thirst for the white man's blood once acquired, should often take a long time and much effort to quench 1 The ghost dances and the war dances held in the spring are always more effective than those at other times of the year. The Indians are pleased at the thought of being able to hold them out of doors again, after the close confinement which the cold of a Dakota or Mon tana winter enforces. An extra amount of vigor is infused into the savage and grotesque contor tions of the dancers, and the spectators gaze as if they could not see enough of these movements, which are suggestive to them of the highest type of valiant daring. But it is, perhaps, after the dance is ended, when the warriors are seated around in a circle on the ground that the fighting desire is worked up most surely and powerfully among them. The pipe of good fellowship is first passed around in silence, each Indian taking only two or three puffs, and then handing it on to his next neighbour. Just here it is interesting to note that the red man does not smoke after the manner of his white brother. In the whole circuit which the pipe makes its mouthpiece is never wet. The Indian merely lays the end of the stem against his lower lip, and, with his mouth partly open, draws a deep breath. Removing the pipe, he exhales this smoke, and then perhaps lays the stem to his lips for a second puff, but never does he put the mouth piece into his mouth, in the common white man's fashion. If asked to smoke a peace-pipe after a white man, be firs.t wipes off the end of the pipe stem where it has been in the previous smoker's mouth. To return to the circle which is formed after the dance, the smoking, as was said, takes place in silence. Then some noted warrior of the band rises and strides into the centre of the group. When he has fixed the attention of all, he begins to recite the brave deeds which he has accomplished in war, illustrating his remarks with a most picturesque variety of gestures, and certainly al lowing his story to lose nothing in telling. As he talks, the eyes of the youDg braves glow, and their features i ■work -with excitement and a desire to j emulate such achievements. The fact that the Indian habitually represses his emotions need lead no one to doubt their strength, and the amount of pent-up energy which is expressed in the attitudes of these young braves is enough to make the civilised spectator shudder as he thinks of the savage expression it may find, j At the conclusion of the speaking, after j all the famous men of the band have ; recited similar experiences to those of j the first orator, the excitement is in- I tense. Then it is, and sometimes for j many days afterwards, that the Indians j are to be dreaded, for they are ready j to seize upon almost any pretext to ! pick a quarrel with the whites. It is j the opinion of many people experienced i in Indian affairs that nearly all of the j difficulties arise from this uncontrol- j able fighting ardour of the young men j of the tribes. They have heard their j fathers tell so often of the glories of j killing the white men twenty years J ago, at the time of the Custer mas-1 sacre and other noted fights, that they { feel as if they must also achieve some- j thing of the sort or forfeit a reputation j for bravery. j 