DAY BY DAY. Mr. Reid has succumbed without any ferocious resistance to the usual irre- sistible temptation. It is singular how, with several awful examples to serve as warnings, public men persist in com- mitting themselves to solemn renuncia- tions of such vanities as titles just be- fore succumbing to their first temp- tations. Spirited declarations of im- movable resolution not to be cajoled into aught inconsistent with radical simplicity will soon be recognised as a sure and fatal symptom of early col- lapse. Bold parade of republican sen- timent will be regarded as a subtle form of announcement that some attempts on the declarant's radical virtue would not meet with altogether savage resistance. It is impossible to forecast the form of excuse or explanation which Mr. Reid will offer for his precipitate tumble up the titular scale. In such cases specu- lation is as futile as a politician's mo- desty when a nominal distinction is within his reach. All that can now be done is for the population of New South Wales in general, and Mr. McGowen and his followers in particu- lar, to accustom their minds to the cir- cumstances that they must not attempt any "call-me-George" familiarities when there returns among them the Right Hon. Dr. George Reid, P.C., D.O.L., M.P., &c.;, &c.; By the way, what are the odds that Mr. McGowen will not "feel it his duty," or something like that, to accept a title himself one of these days? His predecessor in the lea- dership of the labour party, Mr. Jo- seph Cook, is already nearly tame en- ough not to bite a title if it were put within his reach. The jubilee tiger sighted near Car- coar is probably some relation to the Tantanoola monster, which so long kept the people of that part of Austra- lia in consternation. The same origin was, it will be recalled, ascribed to the South Australian terror as is now al- leged of the Carcoar tiger. Each was supposed to have escaped from a tra- velling menagerie. It was awkward that no one in Tantanoola or Carcoar could specifv any travelling menagerie which had visited these neighbour- hoods. But the tiger being admitted— and the local population being rather proud of having a wild beast to boast of, just as in some hamlets the villa- gers brag of the local ghost—it is easier to explain its existence by sup- posing a surreptitious visit from a me- nagerie, travelling incognito probably, and disguised as a Syrian hawker, than by alleging that the tiger dropped from Mars, or swam to Carcoar from Java, or developed itself from an ori- ginal local protoplasm, or from Car- coar whisky. The Tantanoola tiger was shot, at last, by a brave Nimrod of the district, and its skin was sent to town, and there recognised by scien- tific experts and several small boys as having once belonged to a puppy dog. But that's nothing. The tiger may have waylaid and killed the puppy dog and robbed him of his skin, and worn it himself. But the Carcoar tiger is a dangerous denizen of the jungle. By the way, some unscientific experts have suggested that the Carcoar tiger may be a 'possum. This is not to be be- lieved non possumus. The fact has been carefully conceal- ed from us until now—probably out of consideration for the great throbbing heart of New South Wales, possibly from a desire on the part of Mr. Reid's immediate friends and admirers that he should always appear in a heroic light only—that our Premier, en voyage to England, encountered a breeze, offi- cially described by Hunter-street, as "a strong shaking-up sea." This vari- ety of weather is not often encountered in the logs of ships; but we are justi- fied in surmising it was one of those peculiarly joggling seas which give the untutored passenger an overwhelming inclination to call, "Steward!" and to remark (their hands embracing their waistcoat third button), "Oh, my!" We may gather that Mr. Reid, who has weathered a hundred Parliamentary catastrophes, the battle and the breeze, had the "Oh, mys!" very badly. The fact should be a further claim on the gratitude of his country. Almost any patriot—if the consideration is suffi- ciently tempting—can live for his coun- try; but pure and fervent indeed must be the patriotism which persuades a gentleman of Mr. Reid's calibre to, so to speak, offer up in the public inter- ests his immortal soul on the altar of the deep blue sea. The spectacle of Mr. Reid wrestling at one and the same time with the Aliens Exclusion Bill and mal-de-mer, must indeed have been sublime. The writer humbly and reverently offers thanks that he was not, in any sense, even as a spectator, connected with the recent baby show. He might have been an extra-sized fat and highly coloured baby. In that case he would have had to endure days of a close and unpleasant atmosphere, want of sleep, the idiotic remarks of the audience, and the sarcasms of mothers who supposed their baby was even fatter and more highly-coloured. He might have been a competing mother; in that case he would have had murder at heart, and would have pined for the life blood of the other competing mothers with ex- tra- sized babies. He might have been the "old man," rooting round for tuck- er, while the "missus" was exhibiting the "bloomin' kid." He might simply have been one of the audience; then he would have been unwell—babies in wholesale quantities invariably make the writer poorly. Or, worst of all, he might—Oh! horrible fate!—have been one of the judges, with the terrible con- viction that a cohort of fierce females, whose babies did not win prizes, were prowling about this universe, hunger- ing and thirsting to meet him, and to tear him limb from limb, and cast the remains to the winds, for the dogs of the city to devour. The show, it is re- ported, broke up "in disorder," and "the attendance of the police was invoked," I should smile! It is most regrettable that the record reign week has not been allowed to elapse without one serious difference of opinion, which might have plunged the council of Annandale into wild, whoop- ing war, and flushed the Annandale gut- ters with the gore of martyred alder- men. Happily, however, wiser counsels appear to have prevailed, and, for the present at least, bloodshed has been averted. The "casus belli" was a lamp— just a simple street corner lamp—which, on the recommendation of the lighting committee, was ordered to be set up. The lamp was not set up. What arts of diplomacy were used upon the Mayor, what awful intrigues were brought to bear upon that dignitary, deponent sayeth not. The fact remains that a great stroke of policy, which would have made the lighting committee celebrated to the furthest ages, and have covered them with immortal glory, was defeat- ed, and—there was no lamp. There was instead a whirling of words; alder- man regarded alderman with a full- sized man's scowl, and there were even stronger symptoms than usual of a de- sire to mop the universe with a live Mayor. Peace has been temporarily patched up. Nevertheless, it would be wise for the War authorities of New South Wales to mobilise the army. The worst of it is H.M. the Queen will be so grieved when she hears of the trouble in Annandale! A gentleman, lecturing publicly last night, declared that truth and theo- sophy were identical terms. Precisely so! Orthodoxy was ever my doxy, and heterodoxy the other feller's doxy. That is the peculiar beauty of all re- ligious and ethical systems, no matter of what nature—they are all, their professors assert, identical with truth, notwithstanding that sceptical remark of the late lamented Mr. Pilate. The only difficulty is that as nearly every system directly contradicts nearly every other system, the unfortunate individual who has not been able to persuade himself that he has hefted a hunk of the genuine article is some- what puzzled to know in what direc- tion to look for a lump of real truth. One thing is pretty evident—What is true in theosophy or in any other system, is truth. For this profound piece of philosophy, no extra charge, considering it is the record reign week, will, be made. ZED. 