A West African Tragedy. Mr District Commissioner Howard I ruled a wild region of swamp and forest, lying between the British Colony of the Gold Coast and the Kingdom of Ashanti, in the name of the White Queen. His territory lay west of the muddy Volta River, and there he suffered much from heat and fever, did his best to put down cannibalism and human sacrifice, which things are by no means uncommon in that land; and administered jnstico to many thousands of naked “ bHshmen,” over whom he held power of life and death. One stifling December day he sat in the wide hall beneath the residency; his house, liko most others in that nnhealthy region, was raised on piles to escape the worst of the miasma, for if a white man sleeps upon the ground level in West Africa he generally dies swiftly and suddenly. Green persianos shut out the fierce sun-glare but not the heat, and the air that entered the room was like the breath of a furnace and foul with tho odours of putrescent river mud and rotting vegeta tion. The Commissioner leaned feebly up on his desk, for he was weak with fever, and groaned as he surveyed the lines of black faces before him, all either waiting trial for wife-stealing, midnight murder, and horrid rites in honour of the Ju-Ju devils, or bringing disputes which would have tried the wisdom of Solomon, for his decision. A guard of Haussa soldiers—black Mohammedans with Arab blood in their veins from the far north—were ranged along the wall, their Sniders in their hands, and presently two more entered by the open door, leading forward a tall negro, handcuffed between them. Com missioner Howard brushed away the papers which littered his deBk, for the prisoner wore the crimson fez and the serge uniform of the Frontier Con stabulary, and in the swarthy features and soldierly figure he recognised a Haussa who had once served in his own company. “ Come in peace,” he said, speaking in the quaint tongue of the north, with its traces of Arab idiom ; “but what is . this, Sergeant Shaillu ?” “ I am no longer a server of the Wliito Queen, but a prisoner who' waits his sentence,” was the steady answer, and the Commissioner tore open a long blue envelope and read a messngo from his friend, who without jurisdiction hold au outpost on tho Dahomey frontier, end ing : “ This man iucited his comrades to raid a village under French protec tion, which they did and slew the head man. The French officers are furious, and demand satisfaction. I am afraid; you must hang him. Hero follows sworn testimony.” Commissioner Howard fluog the papers down and turned towards the black soldier— “ The book (African term for letter) says you have shed blood when there Was no war, and that you must hang,” he said, sharply, and the Haussa looked him straight in the eyes as he answered— “ The words are true, but there was good reason, and there was once a day upon the Jvanu river when we turned back the Shanti heathen, and the officer man was sick and wounded.” “ I do not forget; there was also a Haussa sergeant who saved his officer's life. Speak on—it may be there is mercy,” said the white man. The prisoner drew himself up, and looking round him proudly, replied : “lam a Mussulman and of a race of soldiers. I was once a sergeant in the service of the White Queen, and I do not speak for the ears of the naked heathen ; also, the story is long and sad.” Asharporder was given ; theHaussas removed both prisoners and pleaders, and at the stern bidding, “ Speak now, and see that the words are true,” Sergeant Shaillu told his story— “ As the officer knows,” he said, “ I served the Government in the swamps, beyond the Volta, under the orders of the Lieutenant man Enright, besides the Gila river. For a while all went well, for the white man lay sick with fever, and I, Sergeant Shaillu, ruled the district in his stead. There are thoso who speak of presents of oil and ivory, but their words are false, and there was no favour shown. Then trouble again, for there was a woman dwelt across the Gila river, in the land where the white men rule who speak another tongue (French settlements in Dahomey). She was tall and straight, and her tac8 was light in colour like the women of the north, and her eyes were the colour of the white, men’s, unlike the women of the bushmen, who are ugly as the wood devils.” The Commissioner nodded; he knew the blood of the early Dutch settlers still flowed in the veinB of many of the Fantis. ‘‘I would have bought her for my wife, for the Lieutenant man agreed, but her father, who is a worshipper of the « Ju-Ju' devils, and an accursed heathen, laughed me to scorn, and would have sold her to the headman of the village, but that the latter haggled over the oil to be paid.” “ So we met secretly by night beside i the ‘Ju-Ju’ ford of the Gila river, where few but Fetich priests dare to i pass, and the girl trembled, for it was a I very evil place. The swamp lay all i round, the dark forest rose from the 1 water like a wall, and many a time as I I lay among the trees—for it was death < to go by night among the Dahomey i heathen—watching the fireflies which the busbmen say arc lost souls, and J listening to the song of the river, I I heard the wood devils moaning in the s forest, aadfjthe rash of the wings of « Amalaku breathing the peBtilence upon ihe palms.” (This is generally believed by coast tribes.) “Twice a wandoring bnshman fired »t me, taking me for an etil ghost, but ,he potleg went wide, and so we met and .alked nightly by the lonely ford. Afterwards, I might not pass the river for fear of the Dahomey people who lay in wait to rob the oil-carriers as^ the canoes went by, and the girl crossed the r'ord to the nearest side. “ One night she came, and her voice was thick with sobs, for the headman would not pay the price her father asked, and for fear of him and the * Ju-Ju’ priests the old man gave orders that she should be sent away into the forests of that land of darkness and black magic, the kingdom of Dahomey, and wo should meet no more. Then my heart sank within me, and I was mad with rage, while 1 considered the matter whether I might carry her off even then. But the thing might not be, for the villagers would make complaint to the white men, and these demanding justice of the Lieutenant she must be given up. A man could reach the far-off Haussa land on the fringe of the desert, but no woman might pass through the country of the dwarfs—(there are a dwarf people about 4 feet high dwelling somewhere north of Gold Coast)—and it was death to venture into the hands of the Da homey chiefs. But I told her not of my sorrow, but cheered her with pleasant words though my heart burned within mo, and we walked beneath the palms until the morning mi3ts lifted at the break of day. “ She might come but once more,” she said, and I swore by the beard of the Prophet that there should be a way of escape, or I would slay the headman with my own hand ; and when she crossed the miBty ford the bitterness of death was in my heart. “ It came about that the next night I lay beneath the rustling palms, watching the fireflies glimmer, with the sound of the river filling my ears, but my blood was hot like the fire of the pit; there was a mist before my eyes, and strange fancies flitted b9foro me. The wood devils sighed across the palms, for one may hear them in the forests of the coast, but the magic of the heathen may not hurt tho true believer, and I clutched the rifle-stock the tighter and counted the ammunition in my belt—ten rounds _and everyone held a man’s life. In each puff of hot wind the evil spirits mocked me as a coward, for had I not sworn to carry tho girl off or slay the headman and there was no way it might bs done ? Also, the oath lay heavy on my soul, and I knew that I should see the girl no more. “ So I lay as one possessed of devils, thinking many evil things, and tearing at the ground, whilo in the tolking of the river I heard the voice of Amalaku, the water god of the heathen, whispering that I should slay her and myself after. But the Sheiks of the desert, when they come south of the land of the Hanssas, say that El Koran teaclios that whoso loses his soul for a woman shall be cast into the fire of the pit, so I shuddered and was afraid. “ Slowly the hours passed, and the girl came not until the day broke and the shadows fled before the coming day. Then there was a sound of sing ing, and a voice clear as the bells of Cristensberg, where the Governor dwells, and sweet as the tinkle of streams in the northern sand, rose above the -palms. A voice which stirred my heart called ‘ Shaillu, Shaillu,’ and, rising to my feet, T saw my love standing beside the ford. Then she splashed through tho shallow where tho stream ripples sharply over the sand, and presently came towards me across tho misty ford, tho yellow waters rippling from ankle to knee, and knee to waist. “The c'ear song swelled across the liver, and there was a smile upon her face, and brightness in her eyes, as of one bearing cheerful tidings. Some thing rustled in the bush, and I, a forest soldier, should have known the sound ; but when a man’s heart is bound up in a woman lie hoods little, and I stood like one stricken into sleep, with mj eyes upon her face. “ Shaillu, Shaillu, she cried, ‘ these are tidings,’ and my heart trembled with fear, for tho wizened ‘ Ju-Ju ’ man, the priest of the Fetich (devils, stood beside tho ford, though the girl saw him not, and he raised the; long flintlock gun of tho hoathon, being doubtless bribed by the headman to destroy me. While I thrust a cartridge into tho chamber of the Snider my hands trembled and the breech-block would not close, for I saw that the girl stood wondering between. Even as my barrel went up. the gun flashed, and with a wild scream she fell forward into the river, and the yellow water closed over the face I loved. .1 dropped tho rifle, and springing into the muddy water, caught,the white dress as it floated down stream, -and bore her dripping to the bank. - “ For a:time she. lay in my arms, the red blood welling from a wound in her breast, and then the heavy fids opened, and her- eyes looked -long into mine. ‘ Shaillu,’ she murmured once, and then her head fell forward, and the soul of my love went from her., “ Laying the body down, I seized the Snider, and with her life-blood still warm npon my hands, passed -the ford and followed close upon the* trail of the murderer. The ‘ Ju-Ju, ’ man had a start, and ran wall* for he knew that all the magic of the heathen could not save him from the fate that followed fast, and tho string of charms rattled upon his shrivelled chest as :he went. The men of tho north run fast, and heedless of stabbing lhorn or matted creeper, I burst through die forest, but a Snider ball flies faster still, and the Government cartridge bites hard. Yet he died not when he fell, nor till I had heard enough to know that the headman had bribed him to slay me ; then the Snider butt crashed his shall, and I. threw him to the alligators which lark among the mangrove roots. “That night, while the Lieutenant laughed and talked foolishly, for the hand of the fever was upon him, I and four comrades crossed the silent ford, bearing the body of the dead girl with us. Creeping into the Dahomey village like ghosts, we smote npon the door of the headman’s hat with the [ Snider butts. When he came forth he saw me, and would have fled, though he was tall and strong of limb, bat I slew him with my naked hands, and when his life went out beneath my tightening fingers we threw the unclean carcaso back into the hat, and burned it with fire. “ Then the greater part of the heathen fled, bat the father of the girl, with her brothers and a band of armed men, stood fast, and' we marched up tho avenue with tho body on our shoulders andjthe Sniders ia our hands until we stood1 before them. Then -1 spoke: ‘My love is dead. The ‘ Ju-Ju’ man slew her. Take the body and bury it I after tho manner of her own people. The ‘ Ju-Ju’ man is slain, and the alli gators even now tear him limb from limb. The headman is dead also, .and is burned with fire. Her blood is avenged, and we go in peace.’ “ Then the old man wept, for he loved his daughter, though he would' have sold her in marriage, and he said : “There was a quarrel between us, but that is gone. Go in peace and forget.’ “ So we came back through the night, and when the Lieutenant rose from his sickness I told him the Etory even as it happened, hiding nothing, and he made no answer, for he also was a soldier. Then the villagers made com plaint to the white officers of the Da homey coast, and these clamouring for vengeance, Lieutenant Enright sent me here a prisoner. This is the whole matter, and by the beard of the Prophet the thing is true.” Commissioner Howard gnawed his moustache for a time in .silence, then he raised his head, and the Haussa met his searching glance unmoved as he said sternly— “The word of the White Queen is that the shedder of blood mnst die, and and by the law of the Gold Coast you should hang; but there was provoca tion, and you served the Government well, notably that day by the- Kanu river. Still, the justice of the ■ White men is the same to all, and I may not set you free. Listen : It may be that the sentry on guard sleeps at his- post, and that the lock of the bandouffs gives way. Such things have happened, and a strong man armed may traverse the foreatB of the hinterland. There are also maize, kola nuts, and tobacco in the unlocked store. “ And now, Sergeant Sbaillu, I shall see your face no more, therefore go in peace.’’ The prisoner raised his head and his eyes were bright. “ The Haussa land is. a pleasant one,” he said. “Beyond the fever swamps and the forests of the heathen there is a dry eouatry of rustling grass, where is neither fever nor pestilence. There are many palms and much-wealth of horse and cattle. Tbe blue smoke of the fi<e bangs over the villages at sunset, and there is no stockade, for the Haussas are soldier*’ people, and neither the Arabs of the north nor the heathen from tho south dare cross its boarders. Some day the white man will come, and the bearer of this, the token of Amrad Shailln. will find a wc’come there.” An amulet of gold graven in rayBtio characters, fell npot tho desk, and the Commissioner said quickly, “Go in peace then, raising his voice, called in tho guard, saying, “ Take that man away and make him faEt.” Early next morning one errne running breathless to say that Shailln had broken prison and was gone, and a rifle was also missing from the arm-rack. When, a few weeks later, Lieutenant Enright re ceived a letter from the Commissioner ending, “I reget to inform you that Shailln, your prisoner, escaped—he was evidently a determined ruffian,” he smote the table so that the glasses jingled, and there was satisfaction in his face. 