1 " ' t ' ' 4 TIIE METHODIST CONFER- ' ENCE. PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS.. Tho meetings of .tho Methodist Confcrcnco were resumed yesterday evening at Wesley Church, when tho annual session of the united j clerical and lay representatives was com- I nionced. I he chair >yas occupied by the prcsi- | dent, the Rev. W. Williams, und sthere was a large attendance, j ThoProsidant delivered an address, in which, | whilst reviewing, ho also furcastcd to some extent what should, and probably would, bo done in the futuro. Ifo pointed to tho fact that since John Wesley founded the church in 1738 tho ruling principle of the church had hcen that there must bo first a conversion of the soul, and then entrance into church membership. Tho dominaut note of Methodist preaching was that of evangelism, and in order to have true Methodist preaching there must bo deep conviction on the part ot tho preacher of the saving mercy of God, and lie must have hnd some personal experience of the awful state of tho soul which felt the need of the pardoning mercy. Ho hoped that in tho young sons of the church now entering into tho ministry this note of evangelism would stand out as prominently as heretofore. In times past Methodist preaching had been remarkable for it9 own peculiar character istics ; but it did not stand ,»dono nowadays, and they should rejoice that it did not, because the same tone which had been its ruling feature liad now spread into other .Protestant churches. This was gratifying, because there could not be too ninny agencies for bringing the people under the saying influence of Christianity. One thing -lite Biuiuuumu C'liuie'i bum Jtiipoi u»itl nue ll»u value of Christian fellowship, which was one of the muiti and leading principles iu her earlier history as well as— 'now. Unfortunately, however, ready as 'church mem bers were to recogniso it tho principle did not in present days receive the consideration duo to so important a matter. The . preacher und the Sunday school teacher, he went on to eaj-, had for strengthen ing iutluenco and support many ex traneous aids, but the class worker was not equally fortunate. Tho class worker was met with a difficulty in not knowing what phase of humane nature he might have to contend with. In him was necessary those qualities which enabled one readily to meet with equanimity and resource an unforeseen emergency. Those who wero natural leaders in this kind of work should bo encouraged to corao to the classes, -not as mere members, but as leaders. This would lend,, lie thought, to moro Christian fellowship. Ho was not afraid of any modifications in tho church that might come from a fuller under standing or closer union of the church with influences of the Holy Ghost, hut there would bo cause for fear wero any attempt made to mould the church so as to conform to political institutions. On the subject of Methodist union he hold his own opinions, and had shown no reluctance in expressing them ; but as chairman of the conference he recoguised that different opinions were held by different members, and therefore lie refruined from say ing anything about it at that juncture, either : for or against, feeling that members Bliould liuvo a perfectly fair field and no favor in a matter of the sort. (Applause.) order of uu3ikks3. Somo discussion occurred as to the order in which items pf business should be taken during the week. It was decided that at this (Tuesday) morning's sitting tlie completion of the stations -should bo takeu, and in the. afternoon nomina tions for members' of the goner.il conference, the vote for same to be taken between 11 and 3 on Wednesday. Queen's College report -is to bo taken immediately aftdr the general confidence vote. The subject of Methodist union was fixed to come on for discussion on Wednesday. presentation to tub; ex-president. Tho Chairman, in conformity with the usual custom, presented a copy of the Bible nnd "Wesley's 1-Iymns to the ex- preauent, the Rev. Eu S. Uickford, . ut the »amo timo expressing thq esteem in which tho ex-pvc&ideiit; was held. The conference expressed its full .. sympathy thercwith'by warm applause. The ex-President briefly returned thanks, and the business being concluded' the members of the conference participated in the sacrament of tho Lord's Supper, administered in accord ance with the custom of the church. 