CURRENT EVENTS. Burwood Colliery worked yesterday, and everything went on as usual. The funeral of the late Mr. P. J. Fogarty was largely attended yesterday. Sister Mary Xavier, who died at Lambton, was buried at Singleton Roman Catholic Cemetery with great ceremony. Bishop Dwyer and a large number of clergy took part. It has been suggested that if steamers were compelled to carry and use a search-light in thick weather, the risk of such disasters as the loss of the Tasmania would be almost done away with. The question of increasing the Market equare rents will come up for consideration at Monday's meeting of the council, the im provement committee having agreed upon a modified scale of increases. The fortnightly pay, to be drawn on Friday, is not as satisfactory as it might be, and the prospects at the present time are not indicative of any very general improvement. The pit-time is published elsewhere. An old man named Baker, camping at oullenbone, near Gulgong, was severely burnt about the feet and legs on Friday by falling into a fire. He was taken to Gul. gong, but succumbed to his injuries in the hospital. Mr. B. J. Morgan points out that one sentence of his letter, published yesterday, should have read as follows :-" The date of the celebrations will be fixed by the eight hours' committee on Wednesday, let Sep tomber." A large amount of merchandise is lying at the Narrabri railway station, and oarriers cannot be induced to load. As much as £8 per ton has been offered to take it a distance less than 100 miles, but no one will undertake the contraot. At Coramba on Sunday a little girl, the daughter of Mr. Neil Ghase, a seleotor, aged about nine years, met with a terribly sudden death. . While playing with other children she felloff a log about Oft to the ground, breaking her neck. It is expected that when the accounts some to be squared up in connection with the Queen's Reign celebration, the cost to the Newcastle Borough Council will be nearly £100 over and above the £100 granted specially as.an honorarium to the Mayor. Ten fleeces, ranging, from 21}lb to 271b, have been shorn at Morse from Mr. J. Maloney's stud rams. Many other exoep tionally heavy fleeces are reported at Com badello. -Royalist, the 1000.guinea ram purchased by Messrs. W. and F. A. Moses at the Sydney ram sales, was shorn of a fleece weighing 26)lb, the wool being of very superior quality. The improvement committee of the New 3astle Borough Council recommends to next Monday's meeting the adoption of the Bail way Commissioners' proposals embodying the removal of the boat harbour to Brown-street, no mention having been made in com mittee of the old question of a fee simple. It is a curious coincidence that the Tara rue, the Wairarapa, and the Tasmania were wrecked on the same day of the month. The Tararnau disaster occurred on the 29th April, the Wairarapa struck the Great Barrier on the 29th October, and the Tasmania was lost on the 29th July. The control volcanoes in Auckland dis played signs of renewed activity on August 7 (writes a Dunedin correspondent). Ngau. rahoe first commenced to emit steam, and then a column of dark smoke became visible over Ruapehu. Te Mare followed, and for some time the three volcanoes were steaming away simultaneously. A serious inrush of, sludge occurred in the M'Evoy mine at Eldorado (Victoria), but fortunately no one was in the mine at the time. Three visitors were on the surface, contemplating going down, when one of them said he did not feel well enough. Two years ago 24 lives were lost in this mine by a similar inrush. The Langland foundry, the oldest estab lished business of the kind in Victoria, has been closed. The directors were forced by financial considerations to suspend work. The position of the company will be laid bo fore the shareholders at a meeting on Friday. Some 200 men have been thrown out of work by the closure of the works. The Newcastle Borough Council is not likely to go to any expense in connection with the Centenary celebrations. A decision to this effect has been arrived at by the im provement committee, which comprises the whole of the aldermen. The council will not even be recommended, it is said, to give a grant towards the cost of the erection of the proposed fountain. On Sunday morning a fire was discovered in the post-office and residence at St. John's Park, occupied by Alderman Telfer, but was apparently extinguished with little trouble. On Monday morning flames broke out afresh and the promises were totally destroyed, with nearly the whole of the contents. 'J he premises were insured in the Mercantile Mutual for £360, but the loss is estimated at £800. It is stated that three out of the 20 gar deners employed byMr. Joseph Chamberlain, M.P., spend all their time on the orchids, of which the right honourable gentleman has a collection of five or six thousand specimens. These gardeners express their belief that Mr. Chamberlain knows every orchid he possesses, that the best part of his leisure time is spent in the plant.houses at Highbury, and that he keeps a private catalogue of the orchids for his own satisfaction and information. A novel parcel for delivery by express post was handed in at the Birmingham post office. A working man who had been out of town with his three- year-old child arrived in Birmingham in time to reach his place of business, but not sufficiently early to take the child home. He therefore walked into the nearest post-office and tendered the youngster as an express parcel. The authorities, under the rule regulating the delivery of live animals, accepted the child, and duly delivered it at a charge of 9d. The Minister for Mines when in Newcastle at the end of the week for the purpose of distributing the gold medals to the brave members of the rescue parties in connection with the Stockton disaster, will on Saturday morning have a conference with miners' re presentatives relative to the necessity that exists for the establishment of a miners' per manent fund. The conference will take place at the council chambers, Watt-street. In the afternoon Mr. Smith will unveil the memorial gate piers in the Stockton Reserve. A peculiar case was recently decided under the Dog Registration Act at Grafton. A citizen was summoned for having an unre gistered canine, and the police felt sure of a conviction when the evidence for the prose oution was tendered. The point was taken that it was not shown that the Dog Act had been extended to Grafton, and this technical objection broke down the case. The provi sions of the Act certainly were extended to Grafton many years ago, but it appears this fact must be proved in every individual case. Scores have been fined without such proof, but no doubt the police will take care the omission will not occur again. The London correspondent of the Argue writes:-No decision has been arrived at with respect to the proposed Antarctic ex pedition, though a great many people have offered money to defray the expenses. The principal difficulty appears .to be one of management. Sir George Baden-Powell, M.P., for instance, is strongly of opinion that the entire organisation should be entrusted to two or three at the outside, a view shared by Dr. Nansen, whilst others favour the appointment of a large committee. It is anticipated that two ships would be required for three years with 300 officers and men. A telegram from London, in the San Fran cisco Chronicle, relative to the Lambeth con ference, says that the proposition to confer upon the Archbishop of Canterbury an official status as head of all branches in the Episcopal Church in all parts of the world, which was one of the most.interesting ques tions before the Lambeth conference, will come to nothing. Englishmen are exceed ingly eager to see the Archbishop established as Primate for the Church throughout the world, but the American bishops, of whom there were 144 in the conference, arrayed themselves solidly against the proposi tion, and they had as allies several colonial bishops. Hu King Eng, the first Chinese woman doctor (says the London Daily .News) is a great success in the Flowery Land. Having studied and taken the degree of M D. in the United States, after seven years' hard work, she is now in charge of the Siang-Hu Hos pital at Fooohow, and a story is told of a coolie who wheeled his blind old mother a thousand miles on a barrow to take her to the woman doctor. A double operation for cataract was the result, and the old woman can see as well as ever. Dr. Hu King Eng is to be one of the delegates to the Woman's Congress to be held in London next year. She belongs to the Christian faith, her grand father, a mandarin of great wealth and power, having been converted late in life.: A proposal (says a Northern Queensland journal) has just been made by a few shearers to the Baroaldine Hospital committee, which at first sight seems decidedly unique and original. It was that the hospital obtain a supply of tambourines and bones to lend to shearers at the various sheds, the instruments to be used in the men's really excellent enter tainments in aid of the institution. The com mittee appreciated the idea so much that the " tools " were ordered, and upon their arrival will be at once forwarded to sheds in the neighbourhood where shearing is now pro ceeding: Of course the .instruments will be returned to the hospital when done with, and sent out again when required. The shearers deserve every credit for the ingeniousness of the suggestion, which ielprobably the first of the kind ever made to a hospital. The Graaf .einct Advertiser of July 5 con tains the following references to Mr. Davies, the Australian member of the Rand Reform League, who was released by President Kruger on the oeasion of the Diamond Jubilee :-" Mr. Karri Davies left Capetown for England on Wednesday. Captain Samp son arrived in town for the purpose of saying good-bye to him, and will probably proceed to Bulawayo. The gaoler and the warders assembled and gave three cheers as the two sturdy Reformers left the Pretoria 'gaol. Messrs. Sampson and Davies do not come out of the Pretoria prison absolutely ' stony,' for it is stated that by sticking to their resolution not to beg or crave pardon from the Trans vaalst Government they win £30,000 in bets made with the other Reformers who were only too.pleased to sign away their inde. pendence.' There are many venerable time trees to be found in different places, but it is supposed that the finest specimen is to be seen as far north as Gordon Castle, Fochabers, Scotland. This tree is of gigantic proportions, and still in the best of health, although it can be little less than 300 years old. aies Mary Proctor, whose father, the late Richard Proctor, did so much towards popu larising astronomy, is continuing his work' and has taken up lecturing as a profession. At present she seems to find eneugh scope for her energies in the United States, and does not contemplate going to England. One of her lectures bears the very poetic name of "RFlowers of the Sky," but instead of limiting herself to the poetic possibilities of her subject, she does her utmost to intro duce the public to the truths of astronomical science. Mr. Rudolph Langer announced at the close of the Centenary Celebration Committee meeting last evening that the Federation delegates would arrive in Newcastle per special train at 11 a.m. on Friday, 17th September. In the course of an informal discussion, the idea of holding a grand ban quet was warmly taken up, and it is quite on the cards that this function will be one of the biggest of the kind ever held in Newcastle. The celebration funds will not, of course, be used for the purposes of the banquet, which is to be self-supporting. The astonishing ghost seen in a house in Sydney the other night by two policemen is now explained. The explanation is more astonishing still. The ghost turns out to be an innocent little terrier. It is in colour white, yet the constables describe the ghostly apparition that so appalled them as "black." How the eyes of those constables deceived them is truly remarkable, for the terrible object they saw was not only dark but had a " pair of flappers like a seal, and the upper part towards where the head ought to be was covered with what looked like bags !" Isn't it all delightful! Just fancy-bags, above all things ! What a blessing it is that those terrible black bags and uncanny flappers turned out to be only the white hair of a little dog ! The fame of those two constables will never die. An interesting return just received from Lloyd's Register of Shipping relates chiefly to vessels under construction in the United Kingdom. the colonies, and in foreign coun tries, and shows that at the end of the first half of the current year (when the return was completed) Britain as a building country was well in the van among the nations. In British yards 435 vessels, steam and sail, were under construction, while in all the other parts of the world the number was but 150 vessels. This is exclusive of warships. A curious fact is made apparent in these re turns, one which shows the advance of the steamer and the retreat of the sailer. There were 396 steamers building and but 39 sailing vessels in the United Kingdom. In the foreign ports the proportions were 112 steam, 38 sail. Glasgow leads as a building port, followed by Newcastle-on-Tyne, Sunderland, Greenook, Middlesboro, Belfast, Hartlepool, and Barrow in the order given. Mr. J. A. M'Intyre is announced to lecture on Protection at Jesmond to-morrow evening. The meeting of ladies to arrange for the Y.M.C.A. will be held on Tuesday next instead of to-day. At the Great Northern Hotel to-morrow evening the two champion billiardists, Memmott and Weiss, will play an exhibition game, 1000 up, spot barred. The champions are at present making a tour of the north, and so far they have been very successful. At noon to-day Messrs. Lang, Wood,' and Co. will sell a quantity of engineers' fittings and effects at the Vulcan Foundry. In the event, however, of a settlement being madethis morning a notice to that effect will be posted up at the auctioneers' offices, Scott- street, by 10 o'clock. 