-,©NLY " fl FLIRT, VUfiSsiaSD BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT,, "" jj By MRS. JOCELYN, Author c! " Draw. Bhnb" 'Pamela's Honeymoon," "A Regular Fraud," 'The Gritm Hunt Mystery," "Jusnita Osrrington," &«., As. 1 COPYRIGHT CHAPTER — ( Continued.) THERE was a silence just long enough to he folt. He was surprised. The girl was a mass of contradictions, it seemed to liim ; hut that fact >. mado her only the more attractive. ' It is kind of you to say that,' he said, gently, after that little' pause. Thank vou — Sybil.' . Again there was a pause, during which Sybil's breath camo quickly, and lier companion watched her surrep titiously and gravely. ' AU the same you must not thiuk I am going to continuo dashing off letters to everyone I know, as I used to do when I was younger,' she returned, having recovered herself with an effort.- Iam suro Aunt Edith would disap prove of my doing so, and I expect she would not be far wrong.' ' How have you and that good lady been pulling along together since I saw yon last f ' he inquired. ' By your tone of voice it would seem that she is not i much more dearly loved than she used to he, and that there is not much more cause for you to love her.' Sybil laughed. ' She would he cross if she knew that you had spoken of her as " that good lady,". ' she returned. ; '1 expect she would,' agreed Julian (Darlington. ' 'Be sure you do not tell 'her.' 1 ' Of course I shall tell her. It is the first thing I shall do whon I go in,' .returned Sybil. ' Hjduly warned you that I am alwayB either saying or doing the wrong thing.' 'I am not seriously alarmed,' he .replied. Then after a moment's pause, I 'How well old Forester is looking. I 'never saw him look hotter.' Sybil leant forward and patted her horse's neck. 'Yes, is he not?' she agreed. ' And he has been carrying me eplondidly. Only I am afraid his poor Jold noBe is put quite out of joint by my 'new horse. You have not seen .Marten . .yet, have you? He is a real treasure.' ' No, I have not seen him,' replied Captain Darrington. 'But I heard of tho way ho earned you yesterday. It seems that he and his rider aro alike undefeatahle ; and I can quite believe it, I remember well the way in which she rode, in the ' days when she and I wore not particularly good friends, and had lmrdly said six oonseoutive words to each other.'. ' ' Ho looked "jr yt her as He said it, and slowly an extra'tinge of pink rose up iuto Sybil's cheeks.. .'My' father is a dear,' she said, quickly ; perhaps to cover that touch of confusion. ' But he ought not to talk nonsense to people about my ridiug. It makes one feel and seem so foolish. Really last night he spoke as if no other t young woman had over jumped a fence, or taken a line of her own across a piece \- of Country blie. could have almost. found h'er way over blindfold.' ' And do you know how very few young women, or old ones either, really do take aline of their own?' he inquired 'I have hunted a good deal, and with a 'great many different packs of hounds, but I can only remember two or three women who took their own line and | stuck to it.' I 'I cannot understand that,1 returned i Sybil. 'I cannot understand what- real pleasure there is in riding another person's line. It seems to me like play ing the hnss iu a duet, or a game of croquet with a partner who insists oh doing all the headwork. They may be much more capable of taking the lead than you, and probably they are ; hut tbey also tako all the interest of the thing out of it, and one would prefer feeling interested, even if in tho end ene was defeated. At least I should. I am j sure of that.' ; ' So am I,' replied Captain Darring- j ton, .with a smile. ' And I do not ; think there is muoh fear that you will | often find- yourself obliged to play I second fiddle.' - At that moment a gentleman cantered up to them froni behindhand although Sybil could liavo gladly dispensed with bin society just theu, Captain Darrington ( did not know that. j All that he know was, that he had te play that second fiddle he had been 1 speaking of, all the rest of the. way to tne meet, and that by the time he arrived there he felt anything .hut kindly towards young Sir George CroBsloy, whose part it had been to ploy first. CHAPTER XX. ' Most Unfortunate.' . ' Sybil, dear, this is really most un- I fortunate,' said Miss Jane liosmond, in an extremely worried tone of voice. < V She arid Sybil were standing near the fire in the 'Wimpton drawing-room. , Tlmy were both in orening dross, , j .. M.will go, Aunt Jane,' replied Sybil, ' gently. 'Do not worry about it. . It twill really do just as much good if I JsOi 'ps. if you do,, because I am sure I know exactly what ought to be done. 'Arid mcunwhilo we will send one of the grooms into Muddleton at once for Dr. Simpson.' , jv 'Thank you, dear, but that is not to ibe thought of for a moment,' returned jher aunt with deoisiou. 'There is a nasty east wind, and your cough is 1 hardly gone yet. I could not think of ' .allowing you to go out at this time of night. No. I must go, and go at , («nce. _ You must explnin tho matter to (Captain Darrington, and tell him I shall | Hot be away long. It is unfortunate ftbat your father and Edith aro diuing I our. to-night, but it cannot he helped.' ! . She moved briskly away as Bhe spokis, in the direction of the door. Slio was a I woman who at all times could be relied .-Iripon to aot as well as to talk, and tho ,' jcasp in hand was urgent and admitted h . of no delay, ... Sybil made a half step after her. ;The colour fliokerod up into her face, died out, .and returned. Sho drew a .long breath, and gave a glance round , -the roorn as if she was a newly-caged ' 1 bird looking for moans of eseope. Then she said quietly, 'Very well, Aunt Jane, I will tell Captain Darring ton. I am sure ho will not miud.' Miss Jane Desmond was in a hurry, and the door was closing on her re treating form as those last words of Sybil's reached her oars. . It closed and she had gone. Sybil was alone. She gave a nervous littlo lough. ' He will not mind,' she repeated to herself, and then laughed again. ' No, ho will not mind.' Tho door opened again. Sybil drew a long panting breath. Sho wished Aunt Jane had aot gone, and yet she would not have missed this chance tete- a-tete had she had it in her power to do oo. No inducement in the world would have made her give.it up. . It was only Jackson and Thomas with tho coffee. "When they had departed sho still re mained standing by the fire, slowly stirring the sugar at the bottom of her coffee eup. She was so self-consoious at that moment that sho was. actually wondoring whether Jackson and Thomas had noticed tho manner in which 'she had looked round when they hud entered, or how foolish sho had felt when she had neon that it was only them. She had forgotten all about tlio coffee, and had also forgotten that it was unlikely that Julian Darrington would como into the room just then. They had but just left tlio dining-room when that message hnd arrived for Aunt Jane which had called her immediately away. It would probably be ten nnnutos or a quarter of an hour before he would join lier. She gluucod at the clock and decided this, judging by her experience in the past. But in that past Captain Desmond, and often some other gentlemen, had been iu the diriiug-room to keep Captain Darrington cumpany ; and ou this occa sion he was aloue. He was not especi ally fond of his own society, and had had more than he cared for of it during the last threo months ; he was at all times next door to being a teetotaler, and _ altogether tho drawing-room, with Sybil in it, seemed more attractive than the empty dining-room. He had been ten days at Wimpton since his return there, and during those ten day6 he had arrived at the dooisiou that there was no doubt as to whether Sybil was attractive or not. He wus in love with her. ' He therefore made his way to the drawing-room, and entered it just as Sybil was deciding that it would he ten minutes or more before he would be likely to put in an appearance there. She tried' to smile at him as he approached her with a calm little smile ; hut whother she succeeded as well.us she intended or not is doubtful, bccuuse liia unexpected on trance had flurried her. She rushed headlong into the explana tions with whioh she had been fortify ing horself in imagination. ." ' Aunt Jane is so sorry,', she began, almost before ho reached the hearthrug ' But one of the children at tho south lodge has had a fit, and she has been obliged to go there at ouce aiidseo what can he done. They always send for Aunt Jane in the village here if anyone iB ill. They say she knows more tluin any of the doctors; and I really think she does, espooially in the case of child ren.' lie hardly took iu what hat been said. He had not expuctud to find her alone and to he able to take a good long look at her, as he was doing just thori. He thought he had aevor.seeu a prettier picture .than that slight, somewhat girlish figure in its simply white silk, frock. It was cut away a little at the neck, and sho wore a thin gold chain, headed here and there with pearls round her full white throat. That aud a blue sash tied round her waist were her only ornaments ; but she needed no others. They were enough ; . they and her lovely oyes nnd her wealth of soft, fluffy, goldon-brown hair. Her dark cyelusiioB, the touch of roso in her cheoks, anil the extreme whiteness of her skin, all added thoir little touches towards making a vory attractive wholo; and that Sybil Desmond was fast becoming a remarkably pretty young lady other peoplo had discovered as well as Julian Darrington. That he had discovered it1 was very apparent. Had it not been for the faot that these two wore in tho middle, of a very deoidod flirtation, and that Sybil hud not soomcd adverso to it, the man ner in whioh he was looking at her just then might have been said- to be' impertinent,. But then ho had received a certain amount of encouragement; had he not done so he weuld not have ventured to say so plainly by his eyes that he could go on looking for over, and had never in his life seen anything he oared to look at so much before. The man was a gentleman; and when a man is a gentleman he knowR how to treat a lady in a manner pleasing to herself ; or, rather, he knows how to avoid making himself disagreeable by attempting to be too agreeable. Sybil moved listlessly, met his glauco for half a second, and then looked into the fire. ' She will not be long,' Bhe added, hopefully. ' I know she will comeback as quiokly as she oan.' ' Will she ? ' said Julian Darrington, softly. ' And aro we in a great hurry for her return ? ' Sybil made no reply. She was still looking into the fire, and her breath was coming and' going quickly. ' Are we ?' ho repeated. ' I know that I am not, Sybil. I like Miss Des mond extremely, hut I like you a hundred thousund times hotter.' Again there was n silence, and at last Sybil slowly raised her long dark eye lashes, und her eyes met his. Just for a second or two, and then they fell again. There was a bright touoh of rese in her cheeks, and an expression on her face which made her look quite beautiful, At that moment there was nobody in all the world more happy than Sybil. During the last week she had l-oming that tho man she Joyed wan in love with her. It was an idea which up till then had ncvor for a moment occurred to her as being possible. ! Until a few days ago sho had believed tliat he was merely wishful to have a ' littlo flirtation and that was all. It had . beon partly because anything more had ' seemed too much happiness to he pos sible, and partly because she possossetl a great fund of oommon sense, and a very keen perception, that she had told herself that she had thrown away her heart where it would not he aceeptable. I But now everything hod altered.' This was not the first time that he had : told lier that ho liked her a hundred thousand times better than he liked somebody else, and in doing so had im plied that he loved her, as plainly as it was possible for it to ho dono without putting it into actual words. And Sybil had thrown all her oommon sense thoughts to the 'winds, and was in tensely happy ia consequence. Wonderful as it was, it was all going to come right. She had no doubt about that any longer. Why she was quite so sure about it she hardly knew her- solf ; hut it is not improbable that the fact that Sir George Crosslcy had asked her to marry him, lmd mado her reulise that it was not quite impossible or itn-' probable that another man might do so also. i And Captain Darrington had certainly|: led her to suppose that he admired her exceedingly. He hnd done moro ; he had hinteu a dozen times or more that he was very much in love with her, and to Syhil it now seemed that it could all mean hilt ono thing : he was going to ask her to be his wife. , y As to whether he was rich or poor, Sybil never gave a single thought. Sho loved him ; and at her ago lore or hate meuus everything. Details mattered not at all ;: it was the man himself sho enroll for, and sho knew that her whole future life would he a blauk if it had to he lived without him. And she was even more sure ot it than ever when the next moment his arm stole round her waist anil drew her closely to his side. . ' Sybil, Sybil,' he said, ' you are the very prettiest and dearest little girl in all the world. I lovo yon. I love you.' There was a longer silence than those othor two. With a little gasping sigh she hail hidden her face against his arm. To have spoken would have been im possible. She was . so happy that she was frightened by her happiness, and if sho had either cried or laughed at that moment it is certain she would have cried. He tried to raiso her face so as to look into it ; but she buried it against his sleevo anil would not lot him. Hnd he known oil that she was feeling at tlmt moment he would not have ventured to make another attempt, hut he did not know, and tho second time lie succeeded. . Their eyes mot, arid hers had au expression in them which he had never seen in the eyes of any other woman. It wus a look which came from the girl's very soul, and it brought Julian Darrington sharply up to his hearings. He wus not at lieurt a had man. He was in love with Sybil, and found pleasure in flirting with her; hut he had holieved that she was not adverso to a little flirtation, and that therefore there was no especial harm in it. That she would think that he was in earnest and wished to marry hor had not occurred to .him until he looked down into those lovely eyes of Sybil's, and read iu them that sho was prepared to make un idol, of him. It came' upon him as a shock. He had so long benn accus tomed to looking upon himself as a non- ' marrying man that it had not seemed possiblo that it would he supposed ho would he likely to marry. Besides, he . was a comparatively . poor man, and evon if he did not wish to marry, ha really did not see that it would be possiblo unless he married a woman who had money. j No . father or guardian would have anything to sav to him. Besides, he really could not marry; there were many _ reasons which would make it undesirable, All the same he had no wish to uause Syhil a moment's pain, and that look in her eyes had thrillod and shaken him more than even he quite realised ut the moment. ne put her gontly away from him ' without kissing her, as ho had certainly intended to do. 'Forgive me, Sybil,' he said, ' I ought not to have done that,' I For a moment Sybil's heart seemed to stand quite still. For a moment she ' stood just where sho was, and an icy chill came all over her. She lived half a lifetime in that moment, and orossed tho harrier whore joy and sorrow meet. Her dream was ovor, her idol lay shattered at her foot, and she had nothing left but a half-broken heart and a prido whioh nothing could ever defeat. It was all over ; hut she had some thing else to do than to think of her own miserablo pain just then. The man she loved had made a fool of her, ' and she knew it ; hut he must never know. .Tho thought of the glance ot self-reproach and pity which had come over his hundsome face as thoir eyeB lmd met, maddened Sybil Desmond just then for more than the fact that she would bo miserably unhappy for weeks and months and probably years to come. She had a part to play, and without more than that moment's pause, she began to play it, She had made a mis take, and it must be rectified at once. She moved a step forward and placed one of her feet in its pretty little shoe upon the marble kerb fonder. Slio smiled. ' I really have nothing to forgive you for,' she suid. ' If it was wrong to— to do that, tho fault was quite as much mine as yours.' Hti was surprised. He looked curiously at her. what had happened ? Could this he the same Sybil as the Sybil who had . looked into his eyes a few seconds ago ? It seemed impossible. She turned and looked at him and laughed. 'What is the matter?1 she inquired. 'You look as if yon had seen a ghost.' , 'Do I?' he replied. 'Well, I am puzzled, that 1b all. I cannot under stand yon.' , ' | to eb oontintjbh.'I ' = " "1 Tost : "I hope you have reoeireJ tlie llttln volume of poems I ventured to send you." Bsroneis: " Indued, I havo I It is unarm- ing ! I wonder where I have put It." Little Karl : " Under the log of the table, ' mamma, to make it ateadj." - J Young author (to editor) : « Getting a pub lisher, I have hoard, is tho most difficult thine in authorship." Editor: "I don't think so." Author: "Ah, yoa encourage me What, then, ia the most difficult?" Editor: " Getting roadore." J 