An Aerial Phantom. Amongst the strangest of all natural phenomena maybe included that remarkable optical effect known as the mirage, or fata morgana. The cause which produces this singular and somewhat rare spectacle is at present bub imperfectly understood ; it is however assumed that an aqueouB condition of the atmosphere muBt exiwt, sufficiently dense as to form a sort of mirror, more or less concave, upon which the objects in the vicinity are reflected and magnified, the ap parent effect being that they are brought appreciably nearer to the beholder. The writer has on two occasions been fortunate In witnessing this phenomenon in the South of England. A considerable number of ships were sailing on the horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary appearance presented itself, for over each ve^sol appeared an in verted duplicate, u veritable phantom ship, the top of the mainmast resting upon the corresponding part of the real Bbip. As the vessel tacked, so the course of the phantom was altered; as a sail was lowered, so the phantom sailors, standing on their heads, lowered a phantom Kail; every movement of the real and substantial vossel being exactly imitated by its spectral companion ; the one, however, being apparently equally real aud solid as the other. Every vossel in sight had its double, following it about overhead as a living nightmare ; every sailor on deck had an inverted ghost, who copied his every movement with exact precision ; if he ran up the ratlines the spectre ran down to meet him, returning upwards to his overhanging, deck when the liviug sailor descended. If he saluted hi* superior officer the spectre did the same at the same monieni-, as if the two were animated by the same power. After a time.all this vanished away, and, " Like the baselea3 fabric of a vision, Left not a wraith behind." Occasionally this phonomonon is observed to invert high in air objects far below tho horiaon, bringing them without the range of vision of an obaerror situated f*r beyond the natural range. In thi* w»y some of Sir John Franklin's ships were discovered ; and in the English Channel, Dieppe has been seen from Dover, even the fishing boa'R in the harbor, the buildings, and ihe different color ot tho Vmd on tho heights being also visible. Of course, this was ordinarily quite out of sight, being below the horizon. This form of mirago occasionally happens in tho desert in a most tantalising manner, for tho weary traveller Bees a short distance in front of him, a beautiful oirip, palms waving in a refreshing bre*ze, which he feols not in tho parching, sultry, heavy air, green grass on which he hopes to regalo his exhausted camels, pools of duicious water rippling in the moving air, to which ho hurries on in order to assuage his burning thirst, and to bathe his heated and weary limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, impe tuous for a draught of that cool and grateful liquid, when to his dismay and hopeless despair he finds that it was all but a tanta lizing illusion, which has faded away into pothing, dashing al) hia hopes of picture to the ground, and leaving h'm to plod his weary w»y over the hot, burning Hand. And do DOC very many of us in our pursuit of pleasure exactly repeat this traveller's experi ence, and find ihat tho pleasure we had been eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ruin of eoul and body, was but an insubstantial mirage, which eluded our wrdent grasp, and left us a panting and exhausted wreck, ruined both for thin world and for tho next? But there are pleasures, solid *nd lasting pleasures, so ec*Utic that tho mind of man in incapablo rven of conceiving their overwhelming glory, which are accessible to all who care to possess them* And the only way to secure an in heritance to thote pleasures is to "Foar God and keep His commandment*," tho atone' moot made onco for all by tho Saviour of tho woild being a sure and abnoluto pw-iwti »«. all who will but accept it. 