IBSJCABTD, THE B3CORD &EIG-E7;, AHB THE TESEGKAPK. To the ordinary Irish mind, free of cant, the decision of the Irish Parliamentary Party to follow the example of the Dublin Corporation in refusing to recognize in any special way the record reign of her Majesty the Queen must have appeared inevitable. There are some minds — the leader-writer m Tuesday s Daily Telegraph, to wit»=* which fail, honestly enough, no doubt, to grasp the reasons which actuate such a ' churlish public attitude ' on tho part of Ireland's representatives. Such people will freely admit — as the Telegeapii has frequently done of late — that the righto for which those representatives are still vainly clamouring at the legislative doors of 'Westminster are rights about which there can be no question ; yet would deny — as the Telegeapii of Tuesday does— to the nation whoso opinions the Irish party voice the sight to entertain any sentiment regarding the age Jong iniquity under which she has groaned. Our eontem° porary, notwithstanding its spasmodic utterances in favour of Home Eule, ia too cold-bloodedly practical to understand the warm feeling of patriotic pride in a history of civilization extending back to a time when Britain was peopled by painted savages that may underly the Irish aspiration of self-government. Therefore the Iri&h; party ' are not altogether sincere ' in officially declaring their inability to join ia the jubilations of a country which has wronged their country. But what of the sincerity of: a paper which could calmly give utterance to the following paradox ? — ' The reason for their (the Irish Party's) churlish public attitude on the subject is probably a belief that political expediency requires that the shilling gallery of Irish discontent should be assiduously played to. That the Union which brought Ireland under government i'rom London has beon in many respects an unhappy one, and the cause of bitter memories, few candid persons acquainted with its history and consequences will deny.' It will be gratefally wjted that the party, thua smartly twitted with ' playing to the shilling gallery' by declining to politically kiss the hand that amites them, comprise at least two-thirds, of the constitutional repre sentation of Ireland. Theirs has been the heritage, handed down from generation to generation, of ceaseless toil in the task o* seeking justice for their country. Almos had they seen the fruition of their hopes and labours wheat the greatest English statesman of the Victorian age passed through the popular Chamber of Great Britain a meaoui'e which recognized Ire land's right to those 'fuller powera of selfcV rule' of which the Telegraph ao glibly prates ; only to see such hopes and labours rendered barren when they depended for fruition upon the ' light and leading' of the House oil Lordo, to the nostrils of: whose order this pageant of the record reign comes as the breath of life. Yet — vide the TELE GRAM : — 'The worst enemy of practical political change of the kind demanded by a majority of the people of Ireland is the Irish orator or writer, who recounts and magnifies the wrongs inflicted upon Ireland in the past, and attributes them to enduring racial or religious hatred.' What stuff is this ? What orator or writer, be he never 00 imaginative, could magnify the wrongs inflicted upon Ireland even in times within tho memory of men still living? Who eould hops to magnify (say) the politically, manufactured horrors o£ the Famine period ? And. why nofc honeatly attribute to ' enduring racial op religious hatred,' aa well as to any other cause, an enlightened rule which still obstinately refuses to confer certain high administrative offices in Ireland upon men, should they happen to worship at the same altar with four-fifths o£ tha population ? But the Telegbaph is not ashamed to thus pro ceed : — 'To secure self-government for Ireland it is necessary to convince a majority of the voters of Great Britain of the justice of the claims advanced in its behalf. This cannot be done by raising a long procession of the ghosts of wrongs which stretches out to the horizon of dubious history before and since the Union, or by reviling or belittling England and the English.' So that the policy the Telegraph would recommend to men with warm Irish blood in their veins and a sense of enduring wrong in their hearts is to bend the knee to Pharaoh's misdeeds, and lest his heart j ahould be further hardened by a knowledge of their existence, to sink fcha pages of Irish history a thousand fathoms deep in oblivion. This may ba very well for a nation of slavee. It is not good enough for tho descendants of men who might have purchased material comfort in their day by the mere exchange of their spiritual birthright. The Telegraph need not have told us that, ' whatever the wrongs Ireland ha3 suffered during her reign, the Queen is in no degree responsible for them.' But, as we said last week, the Queen is the figure-head of the body politic which is responsible for thosa wrongs, and it is the grossest hypocrisy to contend that the one people who find themselves studiously excluded from the general benefits of a long reign should be expected to proclaim that reign a particularly glorious one. The opening of the reign found Ireland naturally discontented with her lot under a Union which was conceived in j corruption and rapacity, and the close of the sixtieth year of that reign finds her in many respects much the same. And than this nothing could ' revile' or ' belittle' England, tho bully of civilization, more. Bat tho Telegraph, with that moral obliquity with which smug ci'itico often dismiss the principles of ' the other fellow,' sayo, as a parting shot — ? ' The forthcoming celebration is in its nature a matter of kindly personal congratulation in which those holding the most diverse political views can freely join without to the smallest extent compro mising their principles.' Well, perhaps ; perhaps not. Anyhow, after all, every self- respecting man ia the guardian of his own principles. In thio country Irishmen find no difficulty, as citi zens of a free-governed portion of the British Empire, in joining in the general homage to the person of the ugad Sovereign under whose flag they eujoy equality with every other British citizen. Here the Irish man's condition differentiates an: largely with the condition of his brethren in the old laud aa it' he were under the rule of another Power, But he would ba a craven-hearted creature, indeed — and one to bo deopiaed bj his fellows oil other blood — who would c;on» demn hia people at home for not protending to a gratitude they cannot feel. One word in conclusion. The people of Ireland — and their leaders are oL; them — are renowned in song and story for. their courtesy to women, aud their instincts of chivalry are put to a severe test in thi3 ease by political necessity. They are of a generous race, no quicker to i'eoent a, wrong than to forgive the wrongdoer who professes penitence — as the Telegraph's own experi ence may attest — but withal not so intellec tually blind as always to be journalistically bamboozled iato mistaking tha hand oi; Jacob for that of Esau. And, lest the figure may not be sufficiently clear, we might adopt that of the Widow Macree's little dog, in which the only fault to be found by a too. partial mistress was that ' he would go a bit of the road with every one.' 