CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR , UNION. ? ? SEVENTH ANNUAL CONVENTION. Although the Christian Endeavor movement is the youngest child of the Church its juvenility in 110 way detracts from its energy and aggressiveness. This fact was apparent on Saturday afternoon and evening, when the seventh annual convention of the South Aus tralian Union commenced its session. Judged by the numbers who packed the Adelaide Town Hall and by the subjects dealt with it was quite evident that the organisation is thoroughly alive to tuo questions ol tue day, and that it is resolved that its influence shall be one of the moat potent factors in moulding the features of future civilisation. The Bceno in the afternoon_must have beeu particularly inspiring to the' leaders of the movement. The Rev. J. Cowperlhwaito presided, and 'The children's crusade,' whose work con sisted of repeating in sections a few sentences illustrating the work of Endeavor in the several districts they represented, performed their duties in good style. The greater part of the afternoon was devoted to 'Greetings from societies,' Mr. H. H. McKechnie acting as leader. One interesting feature of the pro gramme was the presentation of the society's banner, which is to bo annually competed for, and held for ono year by the successful com petitors. The quality of' excellence necessary to attain the distinction consists in theper centago of members who attend all the meet ings of their own particular ciiele during the year. The President (the Rev. J. Berry) announced, amidst cheers, that St. Luke's Society had won the custody of the banner for the ensuing year. The Kev. W. G. Marsh on ,. behalf of his' society received the banner and responded. EVENING MEETING. 'Good citizenship' formed tho 6ubject of the addresses at the evening session. The epeakers sot down to take part were tho Revs. L. M. Isitt, C. Bright, and J. Berry, with the Rev. H. T. Burgess as leader, i The Chairman, in a brief address, said it was a good thing to have clear ideas about cood citizenship, and he exhorted them to give it a prominent place in their religious life. It had already been recognised as a feature of their organisation. He thought the directors of the movement had acted wisely in devoting an evening specially to the topic at the annual convention, but a much stronger general senti ment than that which at present existed would be necessary before tliey had exhausted their duty in that direction. He was proud to say the 'South Australian union had won back the good citizenship banner which they had 12 months ago presented to the Australasian union. Ho urged them to encourage and support everything that had for its object the removal cf/the evil of intemperance, to oppose gam bling in every shape and form, to work for the overthrow of social vice, and to assist the pro motion of the observance of the Lord's Day. Two of tho most important planks in their platform dealt with intemperance and gambling. (Cheers.) Mr. Burgess apologised for the absence of the ltev, C. Bright, who was suffering from an attack of influenza. ? The retiring President (the Kev. Joseph Berry), who was received with prolonged ap plause, spoke on gambling. He said they were trying to build up a community of patriots. They honored 'Tommy Atkins' and admired his pluck and the readiness with which he responded to the call to service, but that was not tho sort of patriotism he was referring to. Nor did ho mean the patriotism of politicians who attended certain gatherings at so many guineas per day — verily they had their reward. The patriots they wanted were nien and women who did not die for their country but lived for it ; who did not live on it but for it. To this type of patriots Jesus Christ belonged. He lived, worked, wrought miracles, poured out his heart in compassion for Judea ; and when He sent out His apostles it was with an injunction to begin their mission at Jerusalem. AVhcre Christ said Jerusalem, they were to say Adelaide. They had two giants to face, in temperance and gambling. Tho two were blended, and might be regarded as the right and left arms of ono giant. They had re cently been celebrating the diamond jubilee of the Queen, and the land had rung to the praises of the progress and reforms of these years. With all that rejoicing he deeply sym pathised, but he had also been impressed with the blot which had marred the progress. Until 1844 there had been in England a law empower ing any man to sue for the recovery of any sum exceeding £10 lost by gambling. The repeal of that law was the blot that marred the Queen's reign. It was the worst day's work the English Parliament had done during the otherwise bright GO years. There was a popular picture known as 'Black Thursday, :l and the scene it portrayed was one of vast horror, but the real 'black' day in South Aus tralian history was the day on which the totali zator was legalised. Gambling was sapping the resources of the country. The money spent in it was double the amount of the entire taxa tion. More than once since he came amongst them he had known as much money change hands in Adelaide and neighborhood in two days as would run all the churches in the colony for twelve months. One of the topics of the day was juvenile criminology. He was thankful for the outspokenness of Mr. T. Rhodes and Colonel Madley on the subject. They in common with all authorities testified that gambling was one of the greatest causes of petty theft amongst children. The report of the State Children's Council showed that since 1893 tho convictions for this class of offences bad increased from G24 to 1,035, and there could be no doubt that gambling was very largely responsible for it. Stealing was the natural outcome of gambling. Both were taking money without giving an equivalent for it. To say that money won in wagering was not stolen because the man parting with it had given his consent to the transaction was equiva lent to saying that to kill a mau in a duel was not murder because both parties had consented to the conditions of the contest. Slmkespeare told them that the quality of mercy was ' twice West.' He would say that thjs quality of gambling was twice cursed, it cursed him who' won and also him who lost. It wasliko the parasite of the Now Zea land foreet, which growing up' alongside a tree would entwine its limbs about it. tightening its grasp, until at length the original tree was strangled and the parasite alone remained. Nothing could £ave a tree when once this in sidious monster got it in its clutches except some one should come along and cut the para site down. Gambling was the parasite which was entwining itself around the tree of Aus tralian national life, and he called upon every Endeavorer to take an axe and cut it down. South Australia was called a Christian country ; he tested the Christianity of a people by their* amusements. The one thing that could draw all the Governors of Australia, to one common centre, the one thing that quivered all along the telegraph wireB, the one thing that formed the theme of conversation behind all tho counters of the land, was the ? Melbourne Gup. As the Lord Jesus Christ looked down from the cross on which He hung bleeding, and whilst His life was ebbing away, he saw the Roman soldiers gambling for His robes. These men were paean. To-day, he looked down upon so called Christian lands and saw the same vice ? rampant.' 'He urged them riot to apologise for the thing. They were to remember that although racing And gambling were distinct they' were not separate. -A man of noble character might have smallpox ; the disease remained tlio same, . nptofthstending Jhe qualities of theinan, and'tt-Mould'-beAviBe to keep at a distance from.himx) Mer^gkedftheSI not to countenance thejvio&j; inUheir;3chuEobe-{ Not long ago he-had visited j^ church -bazaar, , and before he had been in the . building : 10 minutes he hod. ten times^boen asked to gamble. The Roman soldiers gambled for Christ's vesture, they were not to gamble to buy Him a new one. He would not'lhank them for it if they did. In conclusion he urged them to agitate against the evil. They formed a party, not tory, or radical, or in any way political, but a Jesus Christ party. They were to bo filled with His spirit, and then the devil -himself could not induce them to gamble. (Cheers.) The ltev. L. M. Isitt spoke on '? Temper ance.' He regarded the audience, firstly, as material that could be saved, and secondly as material that could bo enthused. He did not mean by that to imply they were not already Christians; but it was possible to wreck a saved and noble life by yielding to evil. They hod no right to tamper with the evil thing in any form and then expect that God would work a miracle to save them from the consequences of their own actions, even though they should pray to be delivered. They had already heard of the destruction of moral character by gambling. The public houscs were tho gambling schools of the colony. He did not teach that drink was the only evil, and that by banishing it from tha land they would usher in the golden years of uninterrupted prosperity and virtue ; but he did hold that it was one of the greatest occasions of .poverty, and the greatest hindrance to the spread of Christianity. The reform was needed, because it lay at the root of every other reform. The liquor traffic would never be efficiently dealt with till the churches undertook the work. Twenty-three years ago he had commenced to spar with it, but ho did not then know the vastness of its proportions, and how it could wrigele and chango countenance and adapt itself with renewed energy to new conditions every time it was routed and apparently defeated. This knowledge had only come to him as the fight had grown intensive and experience had been enlarged. When visit ing America he had found that the Endeavor. societies were taking the lead in the temperance work of the land. He wanted South Australia to follow this example. The movement would enable all who took part in it. If they could accomplish the destruction of the monster they would perform a nobler work than that done by those who had se cured the emancipation of the Amerioan slaves. It . was surprising how some people could enthuse over . the valiant deeds done in the past and remain indiffe rent to the reforms needed in the present. He urged them to turn their attentions to the evils that still exist. He had no faith in love for God that did not manifest itself in the service of man. They were Christ's standing army, and their business was to go out and save the world. There had never been greatet opportunities for Christlike living and working than those offered at the present time in Adelaide. The churches were not puro in regard to the temperance question. They could never take the monster by the throat and strangle it till they cast the liquor - seller out of the fold, and refused to have anv contact whatever with the traffic, neither receiving its patronage nor its doles. The speaker cited a number of inci dents illustrative of the ruin wrought by in temperance, keeping his audience ri vetted the while', and sad down amid a deafening storm of applause. The Rev. Granville Ramage moved, and ! the Rev. W. G. Marsh seconded, the follow- | ing resolutions, which were carried unani- , mously : — I 1\. That this meeting records its indignant protest against Uie continuous violation of the law prohibit ing the. sale of intoxicating' liquor on Sunday. 2\. This meeting intensely deplores the great and | Browing evil of gambling, which is declared by com- ! petent judges to be amongst, the principle causes of increasing juvenile vice and crime. S. This meeting therefore respectfully urges the Government to adopt means for securing the obser vance of ihe Sunday closing law, for suppressing | gambling, and for the repeal of the Totalizator Act. | i. This meeting requests the newly appointed ! president of the union to present these resolutions to i the Government and to use whatever means he may ] think desirable to press the subjects referred to upon ; their attention. i Through the meeting the singing was lead i by the combined choir of tho union, Mr. W. ] Knell acting as conductor, and Mr. E. J. John ! presiding at the grand organ. At most of tho city and suburban churches 1 services were held on Sunday afternoon and evening in connection with the Christian En deavor movement. The arrangements for the day by the union was that End'eavorers should attend church in the morning and evening, and the pastors were asked to advocate the claims of the society at the latter service. In tho afternoon arrangements were made for tho younc people to address the various Sunday schools. There were good attendances at almost every place of worship where the pro gramme was adopted. The seventh annual convention of the Christian Endeavor Society continued its session on Monday. An early prayer meeting with short addressea formed tho morning por tion of tho day's work. The chief interest centred on the night meeting, which was held at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church. The retiring president (the Rev. J. Berry) occupied the chair. * The Chairman said his year of office had been somewhat interfered with by the many other duties which had fallen to his lot. He was loyal to Christian Endeavor, and would stick to it to the end of his life. His election to the presidential chair of the Wesleyau Con- I ference had made his year a very heavy ' one, so much so that it was a wonder j they had not to join in singing a j Methodist hymn commencing 'Kejoice for a brother deceased.' Ho had been much en couraged in his work by the loyal support of the officers of the society. They had a splendid secretary and a good treasurer. There was a great future before the society and the possi bilities for service were splendid. They were all still young with plenty of capacity for work. The societies formed a great evangelical alliance and God was in the work and the con- 1 stitution. It was a source of consolation to j him in vacating the high office to know that the trust was falling into safe keeping. Mr. j J. H. Sinclair was a layman and that was a ! good ohange. I After a hearty Endeavor song the secretary ! (Mr. [J. H. McKechnie) read the following report :— These annual reports, however, five but a faint idea of the work done by our unions and societies ; only the outside, the visible work can be tabulated ; the deepest spiritual results no human eye can sec nor pen describe. Seven years ago at our first annual convention 22 societies with 350 members were on the roll, and to-night we record 332 Y.P. societies with 9,119 members, 83 junior societies with 2,005 members, and 1 senior societies with 93 members ; a total of 410 societies with 11,817 members, This is our proportion of the 2,124 Aus tralasian societies, and of the great army of Endeavor, which throughout the world now numbers 50,780 societies, with a membership of over three millions, and Is moving among 40 denominations and in 40 different languages. The world's increase of societies, for the past year was over 5,000. Very much has been done during the year to encourage the formation of junior societies, and we arc glad to report an increase of 36 societies for the year. Tiie district unions have in many instances appointed superintendents for junior work, the result being that societies have been visited and encouraged, : and new societies forming are able to get the assist. / ance j6ri'n|'wjib'with more experience is able to advise ahaMWthemin the formation of their societies on ft true'^Wfiitt basis. Junior rallieS have been held in eeveaabfCUiB districts, and in this way, and by the visjtft-)iQn.,_ol superintendents and union officers, niucli 'help and encouragement have been given. Oar enthusiastic missionary superintendent, Miss jiilljVh'as 'done much to direct the work of the 'missionary-'eommiltecs into proper channels, and we arc' glad to know from the reports of societies that over £180 has been given to home missions, and over £300 to foreign missions through their own denominational missionary boards. Many societies have also sent boxes of usef al goods to the various fields. ,puring the year a number of Endeavorcrs have gone out to work for Christ in foreign lands, and others are preparing to go. Missionary literature is far more widely read, societies being urged to subscribe to their deno minational papers. Tho junior missionary rally gave a great impetus to the work last year, and the little folks have been most energetic in holding meetings, and in a small way collecting gifts. A special feature this year has been to brin? mission work more prominently before Sunday school scholars and Church members. The subject of good citizenship has come prominently to the front during the pa6t year. Your executive have discussed plans for practical work. A catechism on gambling and tho totalizator has been issued by the union. A petition has been signed and pre sented to the Legislative Assembly, praying for the recognition of God in the Commonwealth Bill. District unions have taken up the work in a very satisfactory manner, many of them forming a committee, who visit societies and conduct good citizenship meetings. The societies al60 are in many cases forming committees, and programmes are seldom issued now without one or more meetings on this subject. The Golden Link still maintains its high standard of usefulness, and wo regret that many more societies do not subscribe to our C.E. paper, only about 100 copies increase during the year. The district unions in most cases are working well, though we regret that two of them have ceased to exist, the fault being in not forming on a sound constitutional basis. A third union which for the same cause came to a like end has bucn organised again, and bids fair to be a means of 1ielp and inspiration. One new union has been formed in Crystal Brook district, and one is in contemplation in Strathalbyn district. It is hoped that during the coming year all societies not yet formed into districts, will be organised into such. ? Since our last gathering the second Australasian Convention has taken place in Sydney. Delegates to the number of 2S4 from South Australia attended these meetings, and we felt proud of having the largest co'onial delegation, and prouder still of having been the first to secure the Good Citizenship banner presented by the United Society of Australasia. As a union we have to express our appreciation of the splendid reception and hospi tality accorded to the delegates by the Sydney friends, and also our hearty thanks to the friends in Melbourne for tho kind and brotherly hospitality afforded our delegates during their stay from Saturday to Monday, whilst journeying to Sydney. Our colony was honored at Sydney in the election, for the third time, of our esteemed friend Rev. S. Mead, as president of the united society, and his appointment with Miss Mead a%Australasian delegate to the San Francisco Convention. Mr. Mead, who was the first to start a Christian Endeavor Society in South Australia, has always been a strong supporter and hard worker for the South Australian Union. His valued help at our convention will be greatly missed. AVe regret his absence from us, but rejoice at his success and appointment in the old country. At the beirinuiug of the year the visit of Miss Mead to England and America took from us one of our oldest officers Up to the time of her depar ture Miss Mead had been in charge of the litera ture department, and had worked hard and con scientiously for that important branch of our work. We cannot review the past year without a touch of sorrow. Whilst we praise God for all the advance made and all ' the blessings given, the bright things of the year, there have been the dark clouds as well, and one of them has been the death of our brother, Mr. J. B. Jackson* late secretary cf the Vic torian Union. Our union desires to express its grate ful thanks to the officers and trustees of FJinders street Baptist and Stow Memorial churches for the use of rooms free of charge since the formation of our union more than seven years ago until our removal into the office we now occupy in the Y.M.C.A. Buildings. On the motion of Mr. W. H. Sharland, seconded by Mr. A. W. Jokes, the report was unanimously adopted. The treasurer's report, read by Mr. W. G. Summers, showed that the income had been £355 7s. 8d.; this left a balance in hand of £30 Is. 7d. The Rev. J. G. Raws moved the confirma tion of the appointment of Mr. J. H. Sinclair as president for the coming year. In doing so ho said that there was one thing that could make the movement a vast success. That was evangelistic fervor. The Rev. H. J. Pope seconded the motion, which was carried amidst cheering. The Rev. J. Cowtebthwaite moved, and the Rev. W. H. Hanton seconded, the con firmation cf tlio election of tlie following officers : — Vice-presidents — Revs. AV. G. Marsh and Gr.inville Rainage. Members — The Revs. R. S. Casely, S. Lenton, and C. Tresise, Mr. W. H. Sharland, jun., and Mrs. Cowper thwaite. Superintendents of departments — Missionary, Miss L. A. Tilly (junior), Mrs. A. H. Gault ; good citizenship, Mr. A. W. Jones; treasurer, Mr. G. W. Summers ; assistant secretary, Miss Gray ; general secretary, Mr. J. H. McKechnio. The motion was carried. The RETIRIK01 Pbesident welcomed the newly-elected president to the chair, the audience standing and singing ' Bleat be the tie.' Mr. Sinclair, in giving the president's address, said his heart was too full to express all the feeling that welled up at the reception he had been accorded. He regarded the honor of the position as being lost in the responsi bility. An American philosopher had said the greatest thought that had ever come to him was the thought of his responsibility. He besought the interest of the prayers of all Endeavorers on his behalf. They were going to have a good year and to realise that God was for them. He had been appointed not to work for them but to work with them. The success of the movement was dependent upon tho individual members and the societies of the organisation. He appealed to them to work together to forward Christ's kingdom. His first plank for the society was evangelistic work. At the doors of the churches were the people they wanted to reach. The next plank was gambling. They must attack and be aggressive in this regard. He also wanted the subject of temperance to engage their atten tion. If the Government and people would not give them tho Bible in State schools they might press for the teaching of temperance principles there to a larger extent. He wanted to see every society taking up a mission of say two weeks in the year. If that were done his services would always he at the disposal of the different unions. He suggested that there should be systematic organisation in their work, and ho urged that there should be rpcular visitation of tho district branches by the union officers. They were one in organisa tion, one in pledge, one in aspiration, and if tliey worked together they would march for ward to fight and conquer tho triple giant gambling, impurity, and intemperance. (Ap plause). The Christian Endeavor Sooiety's Conven tion was continued on Tuesday. _ The early morning prayer meeting was held in the Stow lecture-nail at G.30, and was varied by brief addresses. The afternoon was devoted to 15 minutes' addresses on subjects of interest to tho society. The Rev. U. J. Pope acted as leader. The Rev. J.. G. Wbiqht took for his subject 'How may the pastor help his society ?' He urged that sympathy was the first quality necessary to success. He thought also that the presence of the pastor at the meetings had a stimulating effect upon the young people. He suggested that tho minister should open the meeting and take his. share of the work, not leaving all to the members. The Rev. W. H. Hanton spoke on ' How has the Y.P.S.C.E. benefited my church.' He thought the first benefit received was that the movement provided a fresh and suitable means of grace for the young people. It had also provided a rigidity of spiritual principles. The pledge which members wore required to take .introduced them into a safe spiritual atmosphere. It had likewise drawn the young people -and the minister into closer relationship: There was also the monetary aid rendered by the Endeavorers. He had noticed the willingness with which the members assisted in the Sunday night evangelistic meetings after the ordinary service; the evangelistic committee had been exceedingly helpful. The committee for visiting the sick had also rendered invaluable service. They were indebted to the Christian Endeavor Society for the restoration of the Sunday morning prayer meeting. The churches were being drawn closer together by the fellowship of the Endeayorers. The institution also had provided services for young children. Speaking in a general sense he thought the organisation had demonstrated to the young people through out Christendom the interest the churches felt in them. The^Rev. W. Penrt Jones had for his subject ' The final triumph of the Endeavor ; when and how?' He had not been consul tod on the subject of his address before the print ing of the programme otherwise ho would have modified the title ; he could not speak with any certainty about the final triumph of the Endeavor. After briefly analysing the conditions of stccess in all the great religious movements, from the days of the Apostles till the present time, the speaker went on to say the secret lay in communion with God and steadfastness in prayer. One of the reasons for the success of the union was that the church and the society were working together harmoniously. He regarded that organisation as an auxiliary to the church. He sometimes thought that the Endeavor had done more for the church than the church had for the society. He held that it was as much the duty of tho church to standby and help the Christian Endeavor Society as it was the duty of the Christian En deavor Society to stand by and help the church. He deprecated tho tendency there was in some places to form a cleavage between the younger and the older portions of the churchoB. The young people required the help coming from the maturer judgment of the older people, while the older people wanted the inspiration and enthusiasm of the young. He had been much pained at the revelations of the downward grade of a section of the young people of tho land, published in the report of the Commissioner of Police. He believed that the Christian Endeavor was doing a splendid work amongst young people, and was one of the best methods of counter acting the growth of evil amongst juveniles. A discussion followed, in which several ministers and laymen spoke of their ex periences in connection with Endeavor work. EVENING MEETING. - The Rev. E. H. Ellis had charge of the evening meeting, which was held in the Town Hall. Notwithstanding the inclement weather there was a large gathering. The Chairman said there had been no more important subject under discussion throughout the convention than that which was to engage their attention in the address of the evening, 'The Holy Spirit in relation to Endeavor life and work.' The Rev. J. G. Wright spoke on 'Resist not the Spirit.' He said the Spirit was the administrator of the blessings which tho Father confers through Jesus Christ. They were exhorted in the New Testament to resist not the Spirit. There were degrees in this re sistance. First, simple resistance against the strivings of the Spirit, then quenching the Spirit, and finally blaspheming the Spirit. There was no inherent power in man to change his heart. Nothing but the Holy Spirit could do this. A number of incidents culled from his own experience illustrative of the theme were given. The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite spoke on 'Quench not the Spirit.' He urged tho Endeavorer's to allow the Holy Ghost to i have free course in their meetings and in I their dailv lives. The Re'v. W. G. Marsh dealt with 'Grieve not the Sppit.' He regarded that meeting as the most solemn ono of the convention, and strongly appealed to Endeavorer's to carry out the teaching of the New Testament in relation to the Spirit of God. Special music was givsu by the combined choir. Tho members of the Christian Endeavor Union on Wednesday held all day meetings, commencing at 7 a.m., when prayer meetings were held in Stow Memorial Hall, Tyne-street Hall, Kent Town Wesleyau Hal), Robert street Church of Christ, New Pnrkside Con gregational Hall, and Port Adelaide Wesleyan Church. At 10 o'clock there was a largely attended communion service at the Tynte street Baptist Church, and a number of com mittee conferences in different centres. AFTERNOON. The afternoon meeting, which crowded Pirie street Wesleyan Church, was presided over by Rev. W. L. Morton, and took tho form of a missionary rally. Mr. George Gee Wah, who is training for work in China, said he was deeply impressed with the need that exists for missionary enter prise. China had a population of over 400,000,000, and there were only 2,000 Christian missionaries and teachers in the land. He re garded it as the duty of every Christian Endeavorer to go into the heathen lands with the story of the Cross. In China and other heathen countries women were of no account, and if for no other reason than the benefits they oould confer on the women they should use every endeavor to bring these places under the influence of the Gospel. There was also the great curse of I opium ; to rid China of this would require the concentration of Christian effort. He wanted to remind them of the call they had to service. The idolatry and ignorance of the heathen were in themselves calls for Christian teaching. He reminded them of their responsibility towards the heathen, and urged them to carry out the pledge they had taken in joining tho union. Mr. J. MacGann spoke from John xxi., 22— 'What is that to thee ; follow thou Me.' He said foreign missions were of interest to all believers. All Christianity was the result of evangelisation. All the spiritual blessings they enjoyed were tho outflow from tho great mission of Jesus. EVENING MEETING. Although there were two meetings held j simultaneously in the evening the Town Hall was crowded. Tho session was a consecration meeting, led by the president (Mr. J. H. Sin clair). The half- hour from 7 to half-past 7 was devoted to song. After devotional exer cises tho audience joined in responsive Bible reading.' Tho Presidknt announced that after the Hobart Convention tho series of resolutions passed at Saturday night's meeting would be presented to the Government. The Rev. R. S. Casely had 'Tho pledge' for his subject. He said if they traced the origin of religious pledges they would have to fo n long way back in the world's history, acob had pledged his life to God. Pledges were of every day occurrence iu business circles. Tho terms of their pledge involved reading God's Word, to pray daily, and to do whatever Christ would have them do. He took it that every Christian could conscientiously make that .vow, and thai they would carry out its conditions even if they had not signed any pledge. 'He regarded the pledge as being to Endeavdr'era what the crucifixis to their eo-religionistsyffche Roman Catholics. The object was to iceBp Christ ever before their eyes. They needed something more-i than the vow itself toJceep them from modern forms of PharaeeeiBmi Iffae question naturally arose 'Why should they pledge themselves to Christ?' He answered that He was the grandest leader they could have. Ho was at the head of everything that is noble nnd beneficial to mankind. The love Christ bore for them and the sacrifice He had made gave Him a claim upon their pledge. They pledged themselves to Him because He was the Divine King. He was the teacher come from God, and above all others He could reveal the Father. Professor Fairbairnhad somewheresaid that 'The passion of this generation is a paBsion for greed and pride.' They must strive against that. The pledge called them into active service — 'I will do whatever He would like to have me do.' His life had been one of service, . The Rev. J. G. Raws spoke on the Eu deavorer's need of a ' quiet hour.' He said we live in an age of activity and worr^.. Every decade we travel at a faster rate than in tho previous one. The spirit which brought so many blessings with it was also fraught with danger. They could not read the Bible with out being impressed with the fact that the men who stood out conspicuously for their great deeds were men who dwelt in the secret place of tho Most High. Abraham, David, and Daniel had their quiet hours, and Jesus, whose life was apart from all other lives, had His quiet hours. It was frequeutly'stated of Him that Ho went out into a desert place alone. Even when His popularity was so great that Hisdisciples told Him that all men were seeking for Him He sought for solitude. -They also re quired their quiet hours. They could not master a book by scanning its surface nor take in the beauty of a landscape by hurrying through it in an express, nor know a man by a few casual interviews. Neither could they know the heart and mind of God unless they were often aione with Him in the quiet hour. Such men as General Gordon owed their power and influence to the strength gained in the 'quiet hour.' They needed it; that they might be filled with the Holy Ghost. They wanted that spirit to throb through their whole nature. Then their lives would be con secrated, intense, and effectual in- spiritual power. The Secretary, in calling upon the district unions for greetings extended a welcome to the Rev. A. J. Griffith, of New South Wales, and the Rev. J. W. Roberts, of Queensland, and Rev. James King, of Victoria. Each society represented gave a greeting, and the presidenb responded with the greeting 'Thou hast given a banner to them that fear Thee that it may be displayed because of the truth.' Psalm CO, 4th verse. During the evening Mr. N. J. Johns gave a recital on the grand organ with splendid effect. The session closed with the Doxology and Benediction. 