THINGS IN GENEKAL. (By a Contributor.) In connection with tho recent sad fatality at Noorongong, the thought has hsen pretty generally expressed that some legislative enactment prohibiting tho use of firearms by youths under a certain age, say sixteen, is badly wanted. We were somewhat surprised that the magistrate at the inquiry on the death of young JDyring, did not add a rider to Ids verdict re the carelessness, for iL can be called nothing else, of allowing boys of tiiat ago, 12 and 13, out with guns. Gun accidents have, of late years, become far too com mon. In fact one can hardly pick up a ncw.spaper without seeing an account of one somewhere. It is astonishing, to say the least of it, how people can go on get ting killed in the same old way without benofitting one particle from the expe rience that has been so dearly bought by others. Anyone who reads the papers innst be struck by the number of deaths that “ didn’t-know-it-waB-loaded” ac counts for in tho year. Then there is tho the man, or rather, speaking more cor rectly, there was, for he is a short-lived individual as a rule, who drags his gun .after him, through a fence, by tho barrel. Tliero are not many methods. In fact, it is strange that people credited with tho originality that we are, should go on fol lowing one another down tho Bnme track with the same result, year after year. Tho debate in reference to tho Dog Bill, empowering municipalities to allow one dog to be registered by each house holder without payment of tho license fee, was put off for a month. The bit terest opponents to this measure are the cyclists, who at a meeting of their league passed a motion asking members of the Upper House to do their utmost to defeat Mr Salmon’s bill, their reason for so doing being tho danger to cyclists from stray dogs. They evidently ovorlook tho fact that tho bill does not, in any way, tend to increase the number of vagrant dogs. All dogs will have to be registered as be fore, the only difference being that every householder will bo entitled to register one dog at a nominal fee. It is not of much moment to the House, anyway, as it simply places the matter in tho hands of tho local councils, who can bo expected to look alter their own interests. A lot of half-starved ownerless dogs about a town arc an unmitigated nuisance, but, in tho country at least, a dog of some kind is al most indispensible about a place. An affecting death-bod story about the N .SAY. railway commissioner Eddy is go ing the rounds (says the Standard) to tho effect that at the last gasp he exclaimed “It’s timo to bo away; get tho staff.” Unfortunately for tho truth of tho story the staff is not need on the Sydney-side lines, the modern and exact “ tablet,” quito a different thing, having been sub stituted for it years ago. So if the dying Eddy had asked for anything of tho kind it would have been tho tablet. But it was hardly likely that he asked for either, for he knew little more about them than the most casual traveller. Eddy was manager of tho railways and took full business control, leaving supervision of of the traffic and mechanical departments to bis colleagues, Oliver and Fehon. So tho little death-bed story is busted up. Tt was doubtless set a-going by someone with a fine imagination, who thought it wns what n railway man might have said, under the circumstances. So he might if ho had been an engine-driver—but not the high and mighty chic-f commissioner. The latest bicyclo story :-—A cyclist was coasting down a “ grade,” in America, when, to his consternation, he saw before him on the track a rattlesnake. To avoid it was impossible, and the only other thing to be dono was to trust to bis Bpeed to save him. Boldly he faced the obstacle, and rode straight over the body of the snake. The indignant reptile struck at him as he passed, but his speed was too great, the poisonous teeth missed the rider, and fixed themselves in the hub of the bind wheel. The cyclist continued his course for some distance, but it was not long before the machine began to drag heavily, and, dismounting to ascertain tho cause, he discovered the hub where the snake’s teeth had entered was rapidly swelling. Repeated applications of coal-oil to tho wound and injections of brandy into the tyre proved of no avail. Ere the snn sot his noble steed was lost to him for over. Talking to an old Scotchman tho other day, who lives, well, not a hundrod miles from Corryong, I remarked, “ You ought to get one of these bicycles Mr S-, everybody is going in for them now. It would be so handy for yon to come in to tho town on.” “ Oh, no," answered the old man, “ I’m tno auld for that noo. They’re no' for the likes o’ me.” “ Why,” said I, “ c-very body rides thorn in Mel bourne. Even Lord Brasseyri—” “ Oh sairtenly, sairtenlv,” interrupted the old fellow, in a tone of reverential awe mingled with horror at my flippant man ner of comparing the notions of the Queon's representative with those of or dinary mortals. Evidently veneration is not yet an unknown quantity in tho Up per Murray. Corryong is undoubtedly improving. It is now the proud possessor of a ghos‘ We only speak from hearsay as, so far, we have not beeii honored with a visit from the spectre- We do not I-rko to see anyone, even a ghost, blamed for the mis deeds of others, and, if we could get a few minutes conversation with that spook, we would inform him that lie is acquiring, whether rightly or wrongly wc cannot say, an unenviable reputation for annexing otherpeoples' firoivood. Surely the stock of fuel down below is not giving out ’? Such a possibility would be too awful to contemplate this cold woather. 