DEATH OF FATHER O'dULLXVAN. The death 18 announced of the Rev. j»£ O'Sulli van, of Tamworth, New South Whiles, The deceased clergyman was for sorae.-jlears stationed in Adelaide, where lie waSv.rery popular with the youug men counected'*witli t5t Patrick's Church. He was the first president of St. Patrick's Literary Society, by the mem bers of which ho was presented with a gold chalica in 1387, and was also chaplain to the late Archbishop Reynolds. After leaving Adelaide ho removed to Kapunda and subsequently, remarks the Sov.tlicrn Cross, took up his residence under the Right Rev. E. TorreRtfiaui, Bishop of Armidale. While in tbat diocese he became inspector of Catholic schools and diocesan consultor. His death, which occurred at the Liverpool Hospital, Tamwortb, was very edifying, and in his last moments he was surrounded by his brother priests. Father O'Sulli van had a sister who was educated at tho Dominican Convent, Franlcl in- street, and who is at present in tho Maitland (iS'.S.W.) branch of the Dominican Order. ? The Rev. P. Landy, P.P., whose arrival by the R.M.S. Orient has previously been re- i corded, tells the ik)ut!ieni Cross that there were | no fewer than 50 Catliolics on board, the majority of whom were steerage passengers bound to West Australia. Mass was snid for their benefit every Sunday morning. Father Landy preferred to remain silent on the ques tion of Irish politics. He had kept aloof from the divisions in the ranks, which had pained him considerably. The party wa% however, united on the question of the financial relations grievance. iln had lioticod a (Treat change for the better in the social con dition of tho people si nee his visit some 10 years ago. At the present time, however, prices were low and heavy rains had caused much havoc in parts of thu country. The bogslido in Kilhu-ney had also done much damage. Father Landy visited Rome and said mass at the; Irish College on the Feast of the Immaculate Conception. Had he arrived in the Eternal City a week earlier he would have been enabled to see his Holiness the Pope, as a public consistory was then held. Among the many buildings wrecked by the recent hurricane in tho Northern Territory was the Wesleyau Church at Paimerston, but the members of the church lost no timy in setting to work to rebuild it. Arrangements for erecting a new structure were negotiated with Messrs. A. Simpson & Son, and the firm have completed the building, which is to ba for warded to the Territory. On Monday after noon it was placed together in tho firm's establishment in Waketield-street, ami it is claimed that it will be admirably suited for the climate of the Northern Terri'ory. It is com posed entirely of iron in order to withstand the ravages of the white ants. The church weighs in all .about S tons, and is 40 ft. long by 25' ft. wide. It has been constructed in sec tions, 60 that no difficulty will be found in erectimr it upon arrival at Palmerstou, for which town it will be shipped on May 24. Special attention has been»paid to ventilation. In addition to tho usual opi'tiingd iu thu roof ; seven sliding doors have been made. A num- ! her of prominent members of the Wesleyan I Church inspected thu structure on Monday ] afternoon, and expressed greatsalisfaction with | the workmanship. i The anniversary services of the Bible , Christian Church, Gladstone, were hold on J Sunday and Monday, JViuy !) and 10. On Sun- 1 day three (sermons weru conducted by tho Rev ; J. Nairn in the morning, the Ruv. W'. G. ! Clarke in the afternoon, and the Rev.'H. T. \ Rush in the evening ; good attendances at all j cervices. On Monday evening the Rev. J. j Nairn, delivered his lecture on Dickons' ; 'Christmas Carols' to a, large number. He : ? was very successful in his delineation of the' various characters in 'Marley's Ghost,' especially those of Scrooge and Scrooge's nephew. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him. The Church Nctcs says that so soon ns a ! catechist can be found to work under the Rev. W. Cooke in the Franklin Harbor district the Rev. A. Styan Deiidy will take charge of the Crystal Brook and Port ? Germein churches under the supervision of Archdeacon French. The Rev. L. P. Crawford left the colony on May 14 for a short holiday. U is destination iu to bp Brisbane, where he goes to visit some friends. By invitation of t.lie Bishop of Mol bourue he preached on May 1G in S. Paul's Cathedral. Ifo hop s to be home again about Juiielfi. Tliepaper continues— ' Weshould like tbioin in according to Mr. P. McM, Glynn our tribute of praise for the noble attempt he made during thu recent session of the Convention to get God and religion recognised in the Consti tution of the proposed Federal Parliament We feel that we as a church are indebted to him. for the .effort he has mode to get put into aotual practice the views on this subject which KBj in common with his own 'church, liave consistently supported, and which WB have from time; to '? time advocated &i; 4*eBa boknnxiB; We think ;:that - Prp leefbr'Rentoul, when vgieaking- of Mr. Glyhri last 'Week in a wayv winch- BSemr in 'have' been' bbmewhat disparaging; taade a grave mistake. We PjeferSo support and encourage hup in ms'eKrtR/^aircl'Wf Binoemfy Iroftb'th'at' wlien this, in our' opinion, ' all-important matter comes up for discussion— as we trust it will Mr. Glynn -may again appear as an able exponent of our views, and that a sufficient number of his colleagues may then be found to support him in his most praiseworthy attempts to have the Constitution of our future Austra lian Federation laid upon a Christian basis.' The Southern Croat states that by the R. M. S. Himalaya, which left on Wednesday, Mr. Leo Lummer took his passage to Europo. Mr. Lummer, who until recently was secretary to bit! Grace the Archbishop, leaves with the in tention of studying for tho Passionist order and will enter tho novitiato at Broadway, in Worcestershire, England. He is a South Aus tralian native, having been born ue:ir Seven hills. His father was one of the oldest settlers in the district. Mr. Lummer, sen., \yho_ is now deceased, was instrumental in bringing out Father Kraiieivjtter, S.J., the first priest of that order to arrive in Australia. 