THE STORYTELLED ' The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER XXVIII. Tbey took hie body up to the Turkinh mosque which crowned the citadel, and at the east erected a tall rough wooden cross, and there it lay all day, and the clan came and looked their last on the mm they had loved. The hawk-like, eager eyes were closed and the dignity of death gave the face a wonderful sweet seriousness and a tran quillity which it bad seldom worn in life. The Prince and Germanos arrived before noon, know ing only th.*t Tripoli was taken, and Petrobey, to whom Mitsos had told what Nicholas had said, rouna words wnicn were a numoiwg ana an aw? to that proud man, and together tbe two went to where he lay. Then said Germanos : ' I never did him honour — God forgive me — in life ; but you will let me do him honour now r ' The funeral was to be at sunset, and he was to be buried just outside the mosque on the highest ground of the citadel. The first part of the ser vice would be in tho mosq'ie, tbe remainder at the grave, and Mitsos returning just before sunset, from his finished and hopeless quest, went straight to the mosque. All day, first in the town and then in that; valley of death behind Trikor pha, he had sought among tbe heaps of the dead, longing rather to know and see the worst, to look once more on her face, than to carry about with him this load of torturing uncertainty. He prayed that he might find her undisfigured, that her face might be quiet and calm like Nicholas's, for he felt that it would be a consolation to Know she had died quickly. One thought only sustained Viim through those terrible hours, and that the re membrance of the words Nicholas had spoken. He had bargained to sacrifice himself and all that he held dear for that which was already won ; and in the very flush and presence of victory he would not give way to the thoughts of madness and despair which, beset him. All day, beneath a burning sun, lie moved among the heaps of the slain, turning over body after body, only to find more beneath. The kites and preying hawks chid thrilly over his head, but he heeded not and worked on, and a little before sunset only had he finished, and eat down on the hillside for a mo ment to eat, for he remembered that he had not eaten that day, and he felt suddenly faiut with hunger. Then, rising, he went back to the town and up to the mosque. The sun was just setting, and before they left the mosque it was already twilight, but the men had a number of pitch torches, and the procession went out to the grave outside, headed by thirty men who carried these, and stood round the newly dug grave while the body waB placed in the coffin and lowered into it. At the head of the ^rave stood Germanos, and at the foot Petrobey with Mitsos. Many of the clan who stood round were weeping unrestrained and without 6hame, but Mitsos was perfectly quiet and calm. Only once, when the first spadefuls of earth rattled on the rough coffin lid did he move, and ran forward a step to the edge of the grave, crying, ' Uncle ! oh, uncle ! ' in so piteous and broken a voice that Petrobey clenched his teeth to prevent his sobbing aloud. But after that he was quite quiet again, and Germanos, who had read the Service, stepped forward and gave the address at the grave. 'This day,' he said, 'is the birthday of a newborn people, and it is so that Nicholas would have you think of it. To all of us has pome a great and wonderful victory, and to all a terrible loss ; but I pray God, my friends, to none of you such an unavailing regret as is mine. Of myself I would not speak to you, but for this, that before Nicholas died he forgave the cruel wrong I had done him, and it is that forgiveness of his alone which gives me any right to be here. You all knew him ; he was of the same blood as you, aud it is for you all to lament not nor wail, but think only that God iu His infiuite kiuduess has let him see the dawn of this day, and then while joy leaped bursting his heart, Las taken him to Himself. To work for a great cause, as Nicholas worked, and as none but he, was a great reward ; to see the fruit of his labours and to die in the iiuch of victory is what comes to but few. By his rank and his work he was among the highest in all Greece. But how did he die ? As a common soldier serving in the ranks, and by his own choice. Aud to me that appears, though the cause for it is. to me a bitterness and regret of which I cannot speak, a wonderful and appro priate thing. Nicholas — the victory of the people ! ' The darkness haa completely fallen while be spoke, and overhead, through the smoke of the torches, ttie stars peered out of a deep blue sky. In front of Germanos rose the mound of freshly raised earth, for they had filled up the grave be fore he began speaking, aud the wooden cross from the mosque had been fetched out and planted on the top of it. Round, in dense ranks, stood the Mainats, the flickering glare of tbe lights striking strong shadows on their faces. But by degrees the torches planted on long sticks round the grave began to burn low. Now and then one would shoot up with a sudden flare, and then die out again, and ia a few minutes more they had all burned out, aud only smouldering red oases of burnt stuff remained, Prom the darkness Ger manos'6 voice came, slow and solemn at first, but as he went on he gained force and vigour : — ' The birthday of the people ! Think of this day thus, and then of him whom you loved — the victory of the people ! This is no time for lamen tations nor weeping : for how did he take leave of you ? Not with a wail, nor with any regret, but with a shout. Think of him, then, as he took farewell ; mourn for those who mourn, but re joice with those who rejoice. And he went from us strong and with but one thought which over mastered all. Thus it is no night nor valley of death he has gone into — or so it appeared not to him— but the dawning of the fresh day. Then, turning his eyes forward, while behind him the day dawned, what eye should meet his, or what name should be on his lips ? You heard it your selves. And is there any cause for sorrow there ? ' Do we weep aud wail when the bridegroom meets the bride, or when, after a long journey, a faith ful man goes home to her he loves P Ours is but a selfish grief if we look at it aright. We mourn for him, we say. And why ? Because we think of ourselves, and for no other reason. So lut this thought make you strong, and because you have loved him, turn from yourselves, who, God knows, have cause enough for grief, and thiDk of him aud the shout and rapture of his passing. Out of the day he has passed to the day — out of life iuto life — a faithful man made perfect. Call to him, then, once more. Let him hear the shout which he led. The freedom of Greece and Nicho las, the victory of the people ! ' From the darkne.»s the shout was taken up and repeated till it almost seemed to split the dark ness. As from one throat it burst up thrice re peated, and then together they called Nicholas's name aloud, and went in silence back to their quarters. Mitsos went back with Petrobey, feeling some how strangely strengthened. All he had been trying to feel all day had been said for him, and all that was brave within him robe and caught it triumphantly, aud he clung to it as the only thing that separated him from despair. The Mainats were to leave next morning, but Mitsos dreaded any hour spent in inaction, and he decided to go himself at once, and again travel through the night. To stop here was ouly to talk of Nicholas, to grow feverish again with the hope less impossible hope that Suleima was still some where in the town. With a good horse he could reach Nauplia next day soon after dawn, and he lonped with the longing of a child in some distant land for the fn miliar places. Here all that spoke to him of Suleima spoke in words of blood and cruel tv, which stabbed and stung him into a sense of hopeless rage and regret. There, perhaps with the thrill of home „buut him, his anguich would change to something less terrible and not so dis cordant to the image his heart held of her. Even now, when so few hours had passed, he seemed to have lived with the sorrow for a lifetime, and realised that it was for a lifetime it would abide with him. The place where he had lost all he loved had a brooding horror over it ; be could not think of her as he wished to think, but by the cool bay, the dailc headlands, and that beach with its whispering reeds, surely he would find another sorrow, different to this, and with tbe bitter ness of something which had once been infinitely sweet, instead of the bitterness of horror and hatred. Above all, he dreaded the moment of waking next morning, aud though many morrows stretched away before him, each with its cup of remembrance coming with the light at the end of sleep, yet it would be some thing over to get rid of this one, to have another four-and-twentv hours with his sorrow, which, perhaps, might help to mitigate the pangs of that first moment of the waking to consciousness again, and the dead weight of grief which would have to be taken up again. Then there was his father there, and oh, how Mitsos longed for that quiet, protective presence. Here, it waR true, was the dear clan, but the clan, though the best of companions, gave not the fel lowship he wanted now. He wanted to be alone, and yet to have someone who loved him present, with silent sympathy that needed no words. Even the companionship of Yanni, who followed him with the eves of some dumb creature that knows its master is suffering yet cannot console, was irksome. None understood this better than poor Yanni himself, and though he tried to keep away he could not, and followed Mitsos, unable to say a word, and yet unable to leave him. Mitsos rose from where he had been sitting in Petrobey's room and walked across to him. ' I think I shall go home at once,' he said. ' It will be better that I should be there.' ' But not to-night, dear lad,' said Petrobey, ' and not alone. We are all coming to set you on your way to-morrow.' Poor Mitsos nearly broke down again at this ; somehow a kindness reached the seat of tears, while hiB sorrow passed it by. ' No, I will go alone and now,' he cried. ' Oh, I cannot say what I think. You are all so good to me, but I want to be alone. Say good bye to them all for n:e ; 1 should not be able o Continued on page 13(58. Mitsos went in ... and with a choking sob, a voice from a bursting heart, ' Suleima,' he cric3. tell them myself. And good-bye. Before long, I doubt not, we shall meet again. For I promised him always to be ready.' Petrobey kissed the boy. ' Little Mitsos,' he said, ' we are not men of many words. But you know, jrou know. God keep you.' Yanni was watching Mitsos with huugry eyep, and be turned from Petrobey and went to him ' Come out with me, Yanni,' he said, ' while I get my horse. Come as far as the gate if you will.' Mitsos's horse was stabled below, and in silence the two went out together. Then as they turned to walk down the deserted street to the gate JVTit sos passed his arm through the bridle and put the other round Yanni's neck. ' Yanni,' he said, ' you do not think me un kind ? But it is this way with me, that som^ho w or other I must get used to these things, and I am best alone. We have had good times together, have we not? and, please God. we shall be to gether many times yet. I want to be alone with myself now, and then to remain a little with my father, for with him it is different. But of all others in the world, Avhy need I tell you, it is you I would choose to be with. You understand, do you not ? ' ' Yes, dear Miteos,' Baid Yanni raiher chokedly ; ' and if ever yon want me, either come or I will come to you. For, 0 Miteos, I'm so sorry for you that I don't, know what to do or say, and I owe all to you, and yet I can do nothing.' And with that he fairly burst out crying. They walked on in silence to the Argive gate, and then Mitsos stopped. ' So let us do what Nicholas would have us do,' said he, smiling at the other, ' and think only of this wonderful birthday of the people, as Germanos said. And now I am going. Good bye, Yanni, dear Yanni.' ' O Mitsos, let me come,'' tried Yanni. ' No, no, I did not mean that. Good-bye and God speed.' And Le turned quickly, and walked back into the town without another word or look. The horse Mitsos rode had been stabled all day, and coming out fresh into the cool night air kept him busy for a time, snuffing uneasily at tbe wafts of foul air that came from the town, and shying right and left at shapes that lay on the roadside. Once a dead body lay straight across the path and the brute wheeled round, nearly un seating Misos, and tried to bolt back to Tripoli again. But by-and-bye, as it got used to the night and the steady hand which controlled it, it went more quietly, and settled down into a gentle trot up the road leading from the plain over the mountain. As they left the town behind the air grew fresher, and soon came pure and cool from the north. The- night was clear but for a few wisps of cloud that drifted southwards in wavering lines of delicate pearly grey, so thin that the star light suffused them, and turned them into a luminous haze. The path lay low between bold rocks that climbed up on each side, and to the right a stream talked idly as in sleep. Above the stars burned bright and close, set in the blue vel vet of the sky, and to the east the blue was tinged with grey, showing that the moon would soon rise. From some shepherd's hut on the hills came the sharp bark of a dog, sounding faint yet curi ouslyfl^Btinct in the alert air as in the north sounds come on a frosty night. As he went higher the dry smell of the summer-scorched vege tation waB changed for something fresher coming from the upland pastures ; and while his horse, now requiring no attention, went with straining shoulders and dropped head up from slope to slope, Mitsos knew that he had been right to come alone. Since those nights he had spent with Suleima between sea and sky the loneliness aDd quietude of night, the locked casket which had held the hours he had spent with her, had always woke in him an undefined, incommunicable thrill, a a certain magical touch which could call up those dear ghosts of the past. To be alone at night was nearest to being with her, and often in these last weeks he had stolen out of his hut when the camp was still to conjure up that same feeling which the sight of objects associated with someone loved gives us. Infinitely dear as she had been to him, there lingered round the remembrance of her a something dim, something in common with star light and great vague stretches of silent sea, and the pearliness of the sky before the imminent moonrise. It was that complexion of his sorrow he wished to recapture. Tripoli was like dream ing of her through the horrible distortion of a nightmare ; Jhis the serenerjbitterness of a quieter vision. Bound his thoughts of Nicholas there hovered a splendid halo ; the glory of his life and the triumph of his death made the heart bow down in wonder and thankfulness, despite itself. ? For if he, as Germanos had said, had gone like the bridegroom to the bride, should those who loved him mourn ? Strangely mixed had come the boon for which Nicholas, for which Suleima, had died ; and at present he was too stunned to be able to think of it, or the price paid, with clearness of focus, for this limited mind within us is soon drowned by shocks like these coming in spate together, and we do not realise them till the first turbid flood has passed. The moon had risen before he reached the top of the pass, and following a strange but over whelming* desire, he pushed on quickly, for be longed to look on the bay again by night. Another hour's quick riding brought him to the head of a ravine which ran straight down to the sea, and . at the bottom, lying like the clipping from silver mail, was the further edge of the bay ashine with the moon, and when Mitsos saw it hi* heart was all athirst for home. Gradually as he went down the lower hills, marched like shadows to the right and left, and between moon-setting and sunrise he stood on the sandy cove again where he had brought the fish to land one night, and once again all was still but for a whisper in the dry-tongued reeds and the lisp of sand quenched ripples. But never again would he sit there filled through and through with love with \ne beside him, and never again would the man X he had loved pass by again like the shadow of a hawk on one of those swift, secret errands. Yet, a9 he had hoped, there still lingered round the place a sweetness of sorrow. Horror had come not here nor any bloodshed, nor crash of cruel war , none else knew the message the place had for him, its garnered store on which his heart had fed. Then leaving it, still rounded by the infinite night, he passed on by the white house at the he had of the bay, whose seawall had been to him the gate of love flung open, and juBt after sunrise he struck the road on the other side of the bay, and three hundred yards off were the whispering poplars by the spiing, and the low house and the garden gate, and the grave of his boyhood. The risen sun spun mists out of the night dows ; it struck a galaxy of stars from the still surface of the bay, and called from the heart of the bush bowered thrush an inimitable song. So he was come to the gate, where he tied up his horse, while he went inside, yearning to see his father ; but as he walked up the path, rais ing: his eyes, he saw him already out, and work ing in the vineyard beyond, and would have parsed by and gone to him there, when of a sudden he stopped, and his heart stopped, too. For the house door was open, and from inside — it seemed at first but the echo of liis thoughts — came a voice singing, and it sang : — Uig we deep among the vines ; Give the sweet spring slio (vera a home. Then came a little feeble cry as from some young thing, and the singing stopped, and a mother's voice, so it seemed, cooed soothingly to her baby. And with that 'Mitsos passed not on to the vineyard, but went in. Suleima, busied with the child — the littlest Mitsos, so she told herself — heard not his step till he was in the doorway, but then looked up, think ing it was her father, though earlier than his wont. And with a choking sob, hands out stretched, and a voice from a bursting heart — ' Suleima ! ' cried Mitsos. The End. 