AN AERUL PHANTOM. BY A BANKER. Amongst tba strangest of all natural phenomena may be included that remarkable cplical effect know as (he mirage, or fata morgana. The cause which produces this singular and somewhat rare spectacle id at present but imperfectly understood ; it is however assumed that an aqueous condition of the atmosphere must exist, sufficiently dense as to form a sort of mirror, more or less concave, upon which the objects is the vicinity are reflected and magnified, the apparent effect being that they are brought appreciably nearer to the Upholder. The winter has on two occasions been fortunate in witnessing this phenomenon in the Sonth of England. A considerable number of ships were sailing oa the horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary appearance presented itself, for over each vessel appeared an inverted duplicate a veritable phantem ship, the top of the mainmast resting upoo the corresponding part of the real ship. AJB the vessel tacked, so the course of tlio phantom was altered : as a rail was lowered, «io the phantom sailors, stand* log on their heads, lowered a phantom sail ; every movement of the real and Substantial vessel bring exactly imitated by its spectral companion ; the one however, being apparently equally real and solid as the other. Evorv vessel in sight had its double, following i' about overhead as a living nightmare ; every sailor on deck had an inverted ghost, who copied his every movement with exact precision ; if be ran up the ratlines the spectre ran down to meet him, returning upwards to hie over banging deck when the living sailor descended. If he saluted hie superior officer tbe spectre did the same at th •ame moment, as if tbe two were animated by tbo same power. Afcer time all this vanished away, and, " Like the baseless fabric of a vision, Left net a wraith behind." Occasionally this phenomenon is observed to invert high in air objects far below the horizon, brin&inglhem; within the range of vision of an otserver situ ated far beyond the natural range. In this way some of Sir John Franklin's ships were discovered ; and in th English Channel, Dieppe has been aeen from Dover, even the ffching boats in the harbour, the buildings, and the different colour of the land on th heights being also visible. Of sou roe, this was ordinarily quite out of sight, being below the horizon. This form 'of mirage occasionally happens in the desert in a most tantalising manner, for the weary traveller sees, a short distance in front ef him, a beautiful oasis, palms waving in a refreshing breeze, which he feels not ia the parching/ sultry, heavy air, green grass on.which he hopes to regale his exhausted camels, pools of delicious water rippling in the moving air, to. which ho hurries on in order to assuage bis burning thirst, and to bathe his beated and weary limbs. Eagerly he pressess forward, impetuous draught of that cool and grateful liquid, when to Lis dismay and hopeless despair he finds that it was all bat a tantalizing illusion, which as faded away into nothing! dashing all his hopes of pleasure to the ground, and leaving him to plod his weary way over tbo hot, burning sand. And do not very many of us in our pursuit of pleasure exactly repeat this traveller's experience, and find that the pleasure we had been eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ruin of soul and body was but an insubstantial mirage, which eluded our ardent grasp, and left us a panting and exhausted wreck, rained both for this worli and for tbe next ? Bdt there are pleasures, solid and lasting pleasures, so ecstatic that the mind of man is incapable even of conceiving their overwhelming glory, which are accessible to all who care to possess them. And the only way to secure an inheritance to those pleasures is to ' Fear U-od, and keep His commandments,' th^ atonement made once fer all by the Saviour of the world being a sure and absolute passport to all who will but accept it. Lord Salisbury liolda live acre* of land at Charing Cross, London, which hit ancestors obtained 250 years ago for 10s an acre for 600 years ! 