THE SERMON. NATIONAL UNITY. By Rev. A. J. CAMPBELL, D.D. I " A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit wiUI put within you."-Ezekiel xxxvi. 26. This is one of tbose great words of promise which stamp the Bible as the word of God. It is a boueh of the Tree of Life which bends so low that a little child may reach it, and runs out so far that the prodieal in the far country may set hold of it, and hangs its golden fruit over the dark stream of death, so that whosoever seizes it and cling3to it shall live forever. A city missionary sat one night beside a felon, who was Jo go into penal banishment to-morrow. He told' the downcast convict that there was in the heart of Qod so great a love, even for him, that He would make him a good man yet, if he would have it. At the expiry of his sentence, that man came back to his mother, and told her that God had given her a new son, for He had given her son anew heart. But now let me ask you to observe that the promise of a new heart aDdofa right spirit is not, in this place, a promise to individual men, but to the whole houfce of Israel. Itls k h .ticnJir prdiiiise'; and that is a much greater thing than a promise to individuals. And it is in its national and most impressive aspect that I shall now .deal with it. Thirteen years ago a declaration was made by a Minister of the Crown to the effect that the peoples ot Australia had now passed through their period of ado'escence, and were no loncer to consider them selves a mere colonial appendage to Great Britain. They were to assume the " Toga viriliB," the badge of manhood; and while the3T cherished all imaginable loyalty to the British Throne, they were to announce themselves to the world as the Australian nation. That declaration, not of independence, but of nationality, was received with immense enthusiasm. And the events which have followed, and which are now, I trust, coming to a head, have proved that it was no empty boast. The horn of Australia's power, which was planted on her forehead that night, since that night has made very conspicuous growth. But now that we are claiming to have reached the stature of a nation, and to be entitled to exercise its prerogatives, it is time that we were considering the nature of a nation's duties, end the extent of its responsibilities; it is time that we were asking our selves, " What is this Australian nation going to be? What is it going to do? In what mould, after what pattern is it to be formed ? What are to be its attributes, its aspirations, its aims?" I need not tell vou that the destiny of Australia will be determined fiy its character; and that there will be a fetal flaw iii its character-that it will be be bad and base at heart-if it tries to build itself up without Divine help on the lines of a low, human expediency, and while it acknowledges the sovereignty of the British Queen, disowns the authority of the God ot Heaven. We are reminded sometimes that we are an'erv re cent and a very inconsiderable people, and, on these two grounds we are admonished not to think more highly of ourselves ttian we. ought to think. As to the first ground-our colonial origin is very recent, not much over half a century. But onr real origin is as old as the British race, whose offspring we are, whose glory is our glory, and our children's indefeasible inheritance. And as to the emallness of our population-we look fewer than we are, because we are scattered over eo vast a continent-a man to a mile. But I believe that we are as numerous as the people of Israel were when Ezekiel addressed them in the words of this chapter. And if you look at the extraordinary scene which it disclose*, I think that you will agree with me, that while we must put away from ourselves all self-exaltiDg thought?, there is one direction in which our thoughts cannot go too high-when we look at the powers and the possibilities, that are opening to us of doing things great and good in this long un tenanted part of God's world. The picture which the Prophet spreads oot before us in this chapter is a very dismal one. It is the land of Judah. once beautiful as the garden of the Lord, now lying in a state of . .savage wildness. The pleasant homesteads.from whioh the psalm of praise used to rise to heaven, have become the lair of beasts of -prey. It has been emptied of its inhabitants, and nothing breaks the deathly silence but the melan choly cries of the bittern and the screech owl. But suddenly the voice of God is heard sounding through the waste places of the land. For it is the utter emptiness and solitariness of the land, not the Borrows of His people, that have first affected and moved the Divine pity. " It grieved Him to the" heart," - He says, and so before any word of hope is spoken to biaoksliding Israel, the mourning hills and valleys of Judah are cheered with the promise that they shall yet blossom and bear fruit again, and shall again become the seat of a joyous population, when God shall lead them back to their fatherland, and reinstate them in such honour and restore them to suoh prosperity as shall eclipse their former glory and wipe away their present shame. The Brst lesson we are to learn from this incident in Israel's history is that God looks with complacency on the homes of a busy and well-doing population, and has no more pleasure than we have in blighted harvests and burned-up pastures. We are here, in His providence, oocupyine this wide, good laud. We are subduing, fructifying, beautifying it-developing its resources, and supplying the markets of the world with its wool and its gold. All this, we are bound to believe, is agreeable to the will of God. We are en titled, therefore, as i people to put ourselves under His protection and guidance, and to enter into covenant with Him, saying, not in pride, but in humble surrender, " Are not we Thy people, and art net Thou 'our God." 2\. After the promise to the land ot its restoration comes the greater promiee of the restoration of the people. Their banishment is to end, and they are to be ted back to their old homes with Joy add sing ing. And, lest the gladness ot their return might be overshadowed by the fear that their sad history might repeat itself, with its rebellions and Divine judgments, God undertakes to do for them a work of extraordinary difficulty, but which, if it call be done effectually, will guarantee the perpetuity of their n .oovered liberty and their reconstructed nationality. I He proinSees to take out of tbem that proud, rebel-}] j iious heart, of stone, and to sire them instead a heart {L [of flesh-a new heart and a right spirit-to the end if that .they shall no more fran$greg?, hut shall walk fa] His commandments and keep Bi& jndgoien ts and do J them. Now, when we examine that promise, we find ?. that- the most conspicuous element in this " new >r | heart" is its oneness. It was not the separation of | ] the northern and southern kingdoms that rained 4 them.It wabjthe mutual hatredswhicbgre w upbetweed |j them, and the factious spirit and petty feuds which 3 raged anion? the various tribes. And so, in ail those fj delightful forecasts of the future with which the » prophets strove to brighten the blackness of the pre- , sent, the most conspicuous feature was the good j and pleasant spectacle of brethren dwelling together in unity, that unity being the consequcnce of tile singleness and oneness of the new heat-, which oil once .brought them back intotbe fellowship of Heaven t and bound thl aa ih a con-.r.ion h.umti tewherhocd. I need not tell you why all this should interebtasat I present. It shows us howfurely we may count npon God's gracious help in our effort to bind the scattered fiffe peoples of Australia into one people, and to unite !k»j her separate provinces into one great dominion! Manifestly it is not the will of God that the people j|( i| of one race, and of one religion-fellow-countrymen jji !p and fellow-Christians-should lire apart, forgetful of. JrJK the brotherly covenant, unhelpful, envious of the TV j>* each other's "good, and out of all kindly sympathy it fc with each other. And it shows us especially that we 'f J £ may count upon His help at that very point at which .>< i we need it most, to deliver us from our pride and' j i-f, selfishness and mutual jealousies, and to make 118 to j', be all oi one mind, not many-hearted but whole- ifVp hearted. This is plain, t hat, if the Australian colonies ! | J" 1-j «t. -u ' ? i1 and to carry out each its own will, however, it may run counter to the will and the interests of its neigh' are resolved to.consult each its own separate interests,' i:. . _ . i hours, we shall never grow into a great nation. Just, i T ?? p i ^ imagine that each member of your t ody was en- ? £ dowed with a self-actine and separate will, and that R the right hand was habitually setting itself to work ,jr against the left. I suppose that we are very thank- i""'?/ ful that, while God has given us many members, He : '»" has given us only one will. And would it not be a j' | blessed thing if He were now to fulfil this great .j.'.'jf promise to us, if He were now to give one consenting, .y; 6 harmonious, and mutually respecting heart and will' k to all the peoples of. this land. ^ <f. But now,along with these two promises to theland ;r * and the peop'e, God gave the promise of another and ' C evena noblergift.Thequarrelsbetween Israel and Judan j)'-. f were mainly quarrels between their kings, and there- «L I fore with the promise of iheone heart God promised i. that they should have but one king. "I will make ci thern one nation, and one king shall be king over >' ' them all. My servant David (i.e., David's son- < Christ) shall be their king, and they 6hall walk in my .> .; 5 judgments, and observe my statutes to do them.'* That is a great promise, a king reigning by the giffj t andgraoeofGod. reigning in righteousness, over a f righteous and obedient people. . ? We are now standing in Israel's right, and may claim this promise as well as the two that have pre- . j ceded it. And it will be made good to us, if we ac- J" j cept Christ as our heavenly Head and King and £ crown him Lord of all. But His universal I.ordship, ; we must remember, extends beyond the Ohurch -s; J which He has purchased with nis blood. The govern- H; .< ment of this earth has been put upon His shoulders ; «fc J all things have been put under His feet; and He baa. j,S|J been made Head over all things for the Church. Hence 'ill civil rulers; who ignore the fact that it is by ili, j Him that"kinesreign and princes decree justice," '!+) j deprive themselves of their most powerful support. II i. j The king, we are told, is the man who '.can," who Ki'j is able to rule. But for a man to tule his fellovrmen, *jj. if it is the most Godlike, is, at the same time, the f;v) most difficult work be can put his hand to; and it is j; j] gettine more hopelessly difficult with the ever-widen> *! . j ing multitude of wills, needing to be controlled, bat ,'w claiming to be obeyed. Then why should our rulers ] decline the assistance of the all-wise and almighty *~L Christ ? Do they think that they are humiliating them- ~ - . selves, or that they are degrading their office when J* j they avow that tbey are.not the servants of the popular will, that they are the ministers of God for (rood, and -jl bound to conform themselves to the will of Christ in £ that sphere, which, although secular, He does not con sider ignoble? Bather does not the cliim of our rulers to be the servants of Christ, " give them a pe«' culiar official elevation and dignity. It throws a moral grandeur round their character, and while it lays them under special obligations to attend to their . moral qualifications and conduct, it entitles them to [-be treated by the people with profound. esteem, veneration, and honour." m ? I believe that it, at this important crisis of oar *. - history, we make an open recognition oi Almighty j. God as the Supreme Huler of the universe, and the source of all true government upon earth, and that if we. and our rulers sulimit ourselves to His "g righteous laws, we shall enter upon a career such as , perhaps the world has never seen, and shall enjoy T '. that rare happiness of which the Psalmist spoke with such rapture, the happiness of the people whose God is the Lord. , And 1 know no other way in which we can be lifted j * out of our present selfish and repellent moods. For if our whole national life is to be centred, not in God, ? but in the world, and is to be confined to our action "/ in secular politics-if it is to have no outgoing and . no articulate expression on its religious eide-and if * we are to be governed by no higher principles than' *. our mere human material iuterests-1 do not see how - we can escape from the worship of the world's sordid .* trinity, " the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the pride of life." Certainly we shall never rise into £ any nobleness; but ehall sink into the helplessness, ^ the hard-heartedness and the recklessness of an ease- ? . loving, mammon-serving and very con upt humanity. . Z, Upon the other hand, if we choose God for our God' *': -God in Christ, and give Him a willing, loving and true obedience,these three national blessings wul .* ? accrue to us " % 1\. We thall dwell in quiet habitations. God will '«? surround us as with a wall of fire, and will > defend us, as during these many generations He has '* defended our mnoh-Ioved fatherland. And if our foes « should assail us, He will enable us to beat them J. back. 7 2\. His blessing will rest upon the land. He will lay no (amine upon us, but shall give us to see the -4 labour of our hands, and to eat the plentiful fruits of the earth. H 3\. And, finally, He will put into our hearts, in i every class and order of society, a spirit of true I brotherly kindness and genuine self-forgetting 4 benevolcnce. "lhe scorn which men be r to theie # fellow-men, the pleasure they have in each other's downfall; the malice, the strifes, the low debates, the ' whispering away each other's character, and th^' secret plotting, and stabbing in the dark-all these. ? miserable fruits of the evil heart shall be put away, 1 and we ehall put on, as children of God and fellow-' citizens of this Christian nation, bowels of mercies, . kindness, lowliness of mind, meekness and long- 4 suffering-forbearing one another and forgiving on*. j another, even as God, tor Chrises sake, hath forgiven i us. O fair, delicious prospect .< Would to God it might j come true to us. And why not? We must look up to, < the heavens, from whenoe cometh down our aid. We' J must appeal to Him who is at God's right hand to do j this great thing for us. Who knows but that even J now our Lord is longing for the opportunity of makinsr some great display of His saving power in this new "?] land ? Who can tell but that even now He is praying d the Father to send down upon us the Holy Ghost, who J will give us the new heart, and enable us to walk in His 1 ways, and to work out all the good pleasures of Hia ?';! will? j' O Christ, Eternal Brother, r JDo Thou to one another . : " 4 Our hearts incline; And send us from above , The spirit of Thy love V t To make us Thine. ? 