The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, JULY 10, 1897. On Thursday the final sitting of the conference between Mr. Chamberlain and the colonial Premiers was held. Mr. G. J. Goschen, who attended, declared that it was quite a misapprehension to suppose that the Admiralty wanted more money from Australia. He was quite satisfied with the renewal of the agreement with regard to the auxiliary squadron, because a great principle was involved. The Imperial authorities were not much dis- posed to insist that the Admiral in command of the PURE TEAS, COFFEES, COCOAS. Griffiths Bros., opposite Town Hall, Sydney.—ADVT] Australian station should have a free hand to send the auxiliary squadron anywhere in time of war, though this, he thought, would be a great help to the navy. He strongly praised the patriotism of Australia. All the Premiers at the conference agreed to a continuance of the existing arrangements with regard to the squadron. Mr. Goschen announced that the Admiralty intended to send out a first-class cruiser as the flagship on the Australian station. The Premier of Victoria, who was interviewed at the close of the conference, said he expected that a similar conference would be held in London every three years. At the close of the Colonial Conference, the Right Hon. Sir George Turner left London for Cheltenham. He intended to stay in Devonshire on Friday, and to join the Orient liner Orizaba at Plymouth to-day, when he will leave on his return to Victoria. There was a large attendance at the railway station to bid him farewell, the Victorian Rifles being drawn up at the platform as a guard of honour. The departing Premier was loudly cheered as the train moved out of the station. The colonial Premiers were banqueted on Thursday by the Cordwainers' Company. In the course of his speech the Duke of Devon- shire said that the presence of the colonial troops was a revelation hitherto unrecognised in connec- tion with the Imperial forces. Mr. Chamberlain said that the dominant note of the Jubilee celebrations was the supreme obli- gation of maintaining the integrity of the Empire. It was to the interest of the colonies, as well as of the mother country, to strengthen the ties binding the Empire. He added that the federation of Australia would be the first step towards the federation of the Empire. The colonies must decide when they desired to share in Imperial privileges and responsibilities. A banquet was given at the Holborn Restaurant on Thursday to the Premier of New Zealand. The Maoris, who were present, danced the Haka Haka, or native war dance. The colonial troops have been feted by the Ranelagh Club. Mr. G. N. Curzon stated in the House of Com- mons on Thursday that Abu Hamed, the strong- hold of the Dervishes, would be attacked on the 30th instant, if the Nile were high enough to permit the gunboats to pass up. In reply to a question in the House of Com- mons on Thursday, Mr. G. N. Curzon stated that a treaty between Great Britain and Abyssinia was signed on the 14th of May. Reports from India state that the hill tribes- men at Tochi, Afghanistan, have shot two British sentries. Owing to frequent attacks made by the in- surgents upon the forces of the Powers in Crete, the Admirals in command of the foreign squadrons have warned the insurgent leaders that they intend to strengthen the torces, and that marching columns, accompanied by cannon, will severely repress any future attacks. On Thursday the New South Wales Mounted Rifles, who have been attached to the 6th Dragoon Guards, attended a field-day at Aldershot, form- ing part of the Imperial force. The detachment was complimented by the Duke of Connaught, commanding at Aldershot. Mr. J. M. Sinclair, the Victorian Government produce expert and commercial agent in London, has been engaged on behalf of the colony for three years. Results of the examinations recently held in connection with the Institute of Actuaries will be found elsewhere. Several Sydney candidates were successful. The Agricultural Conference was continued yesterday at the Hawkesbury College, under the presidency of the Minister for Agriculture. Num- bers of papers upon practical subjects were read and discussed. Numbers of visiting members of Parliament were driven round the Agricultural College farm, and afterwards were entertained at luncheon. A great improvement has taken place in the Engineering and Electrical Exhibition since the day it was opened, and new machinery continues to arrive. Yesterday afternoon the annual stud sheep fair in Sydney was brought to an end. An Industrial Exhibition and Sale of Work, in connection with the North Sydney Congregational Church, was opened yesterday afternoon in the school-hall. A meeting was held at the Town Hall last night to protest against the proposed use of any part of Hyde Park for railway purposes. The proceedings were noisy. We publish to-day Mr. H. W. Lucy's " Life in London and Thereabout," " A Lady's Letter from London," and " Our Paris Letter." Yesterday's operations in investments on the Stock and Share Market were mostly effected either at an advance or at previous price. New South Wales Funded Stock of the Act of 1873 was inquired for at 125. In the Import Market yesterday business was more of a distributing character, and in but few lines were there any changes of note. Breadstuffs remained dull. At Darling Harbour yesterday 100 bales of wool were manifested to arrive coastwise. A good amount of business was transacted in the Mining Market yesterday, and generally on a satisfactory basis, but the market was void of any sensation. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £5325. An interim dividend of 2 per cent. has been de- clared by the Peel River Land and Mineral Com- pany. At the London wool sales on Thursday compe- tition was spirited, and prices were very firm. Evidence has been afforded that in this colony as well as in some other colonies there are many who are earnestly desirous of seeing some form of recognition of God embodied in the preamble to the bill framed by the Convention, and to be passed by the Imperial Parliament for the purpose of enacting the Federal Constitution. We may be sure that if there is a con- siderable majority of the people who wish this to be done no difficulty will be experienced in getting Parlia- ment to embody the suggestion among those which it will submit to the Conven- tion. The movement in favour of such an introduction is evidently free from sectarian purpose. It desires such a reference as could be accepted by any Church, sect, or persons who hold the simple belief in God, and who would wish to see this belief recognised in the Constitu- tion Enacting Bill. It is not likely that the proposal could be wrested to the ends of sectarian controversy. Its adoption would evidently gratify large num- bers of people. It is not appa- rent that anyone could be seriously opposed to it or could object to it on any other ground than that he did not think it necessary. If this prove to represent the state of the case, we may expect to see the proposal adopted with the support of a large majority of those who express any opinion on the matter, and with the con- tented acquiescence of the remainder. It has no doubt in past times been the custom in most countries to accompany the taking of any important act of State, or in- deed of private life, with the invocation of the Deity. Acts of legislation, declarations of war, conclusion of treaties, initiation of public works, were all accompanied with ceremonial invocations of Heaven as witness or sacction or authority. Similarly, private wills, contracts, indentures, and many other forms of action or agreement embodied similar appeals, and were not thought to be complete without them. The forms of religion entered far more largely than they do in modern times into all the proceedings of public life. There was a social stage in which almost all acts of the individual, the family, the tribe, and the State were essentially acts of religion, and done under the religious sanc- tion. History does not establish that these acts were in them- selves any bettrr or that these under- takings were more faithfully observed as a result of their religious character. As human life and human relations have become more complex, the constant ac- companiment of religious form and ceromony has become at once incon- gruous and impossible. Public life has had perforce, in form at least, to secularise itself and to find its guarantees and sanctions somewhere other than in religious ritual. As one consequence of this change we have discontinued the practice of making solemn appeals to Heaven in Acts of legislation. It would be a harsh and unjust conclusion to hold that our legislation has, as a result, become ir- religious, or of a lower moral quality. What has happened has been a change in respect to what is held to be the real essential of the religious ele- ment in the work. Modern legislators have been content to hold that they dis- play their recognition of God and their belief in the true principles of religion most effectively by making these appear, not as a formal invocation in a preamble, but as embodied in the spirit of justice and equity which prevails in the measure. They believe that the " Power which makes for righteousness " could not be more faith- fully honoured than in making the Act conduce to righteousness in the special matter under treatment. Those who, holding these views, doubt the necessity of such a reference as that proposed would doubtless point to the fact that most of or all the colonies live under constitutions in which it was not thought necessary to embody any recognition of the kind suggested. But this remark, it will at once be observed, applies only to the necessity of the reference. It leaves unaffected the question of its advisability if it is found that its adoption would con- duce to the satisfaction of the minds and consciences of a large number of our citizens. The case appears to be that a large portion of the people have had their feelings touched with the thought that, whereas our existing constitutions are but transi- tory and provisional, in entering into a federation we are engag- ing in an act which will create a nation with a large and long national life before it. They regard the under- taking as one of the first order of political importance, as one, in fact, possessing a degree of solemnity which appeals to the religious sentiment, and invites its co- operation in the work. The objection that religion has nothing to do with Acts of Parliament they would meet with the reply that religion to be effective must have to do with all the facts of life, and especially with those which shape the destinies of a people and influence the currents of history. If the demand for such an expression of religious belief comes accredited with the support of a large and representative portion of our people, we cannot think that the Con- vention would be so influenced by the pedantry of secularism as to refuse to give effect to the proposal. The lecturer who admitted to his hearers on Tuesday evening his belief that the world is growing better decidedly takes a more cheerful view of the out- look and the situation than many other preachers and teachers who have given us their views on the subject. Dr. Clifford knows the world, or at all events he may safely be assumed to know pass- ing well that not unimportant part of it in which his lot has been mostly cast. An observant man can hardly pass to and fro as he has done, and travel abroad with his intelligence awake to what is going on around him, without recognising that there is still a great deal of sin and sorrow in the world. Population multiplies, great cities become more crowded, the competition for livelihood grows ever keener, and the fear of poverty and its consequences drives some to suicide even among the very rich. Flaunting vice and successful injustice are, it is needless to say, easy to be found without taking much trouble to look for them. Hence it is no matter for wonder, perhaps, that the homilist or the moralist, fixing his attention on these things, gets them rather out of perspective with the rest of the picture before him. They acquire false values, crowding into the foreground of his mental vision and sometimes shutting out the normal background of the picture altogether. The recluse with- drawn from the active work of the world, the unworldly clergyman, and the devout woman, whose only practical knowledge of the busy humanity about them is drawn from the daily newspapers, may easily be led to believe that life is made up of criminal acts, political speeches, murders, petty larcenies, and various forms of sudden death. But that is because, as Dr. Clif- ford reminded those who listened to him the other evening, the newspapers chronicle the more exciting topics of in- terest. Beneath these ripples on the sur- face the vast current of contemporary life and human development flows unrestingly on in its ordered course, and it is only by contrasting the civili- sation of one given period with that of another that we are able to realise the value of the advances made. It is as well that the preacher should remind us and his own professional brethren of this sometimes, because now and then there is a marked tendency to forget it. The good man, impatient at the evil he sees around him, is more than commonly apt to fall into this error. With him it becomes a kind of fatalism to believe that the world is going steadily on from bad to worse, that it is hopelessly and irre- mediably corrupt, and that nothing but deceptive good at the best can come out of it. To think in this way is to give up all faith in the future of the race. To talk after such a fashion is either a proof of such utter unworldliness as to merit canonisa- tion, or so near the lip-phrasings of make-believe as to excite suspicion. The healthy mind will never lose confidence in humanity so hopelessly as to deny the possibility of good ; and it will at least be careful before it accepts the somewhat discreditable assertion that in spite of all the advances in science and general knowledge, in the comfort of life, in the humanising of laws and customs, and in the thousand-and-one things which make life on our planet to-day so much better worth living than it was even a hundred years ago, the world is nevertheless deteriorat- ing, and humanity is going from bad to worse. Such a thesis can only be maintained in the face of fact and experience, and in utter ignorance of the common life of the past. Take the litera- ture of any given period, its art in so far as it is realistic, its drama, or its chronicles, and compare the picture of life therein presented with that of to-day as we know it. The coarseness of speech and manner, the shamelessness of vice, the unreasoning cruelty, the comparatively unrelieved wretchedness of the poor, have been discredited where they have not entirely disappeared. The sympathies of those who have feeling for distress and misfortune have been brought together and rendered effective by organi- sation, and the general advance in morality receives its best expression in that moral sense of the community which represses the more hideous features of vice where it cannot altogether extinguish it. In other directions the evidences of pro- gress are so many and so well known that it is not necessary to recapitulate them. In reviewing the progress of the reign recently we have had occasion to bring some of the characteristic features of modern progress under notice, and they speak for themselves as to the betterment of the world we live in. It will be objected by the mistaken moralist that these things only represent material progress,—that the heart of man is as corrupt as ever, and that modern progress only veneers the surface of social life and conceals the process of corruption. With such moral perversity as this there is no reasoning, but it may be permissible to suggest that the preacher whose mind is clouded by such blank pessimism is hardly likely to make an effective appeal to the hopeful upward energies of his hearers. There is a power in humanity for good, but the preacher must believe in it before he can appeal to it. He is much more likely to infect his hearers with his own fatalistic views, and it is impossible to imagine a canker more cor- rosive of all possibilities of good in human nature than an idea of this kind, mistakenly based, as it so often is, on what is accepted as a religious senti- ment. If such a view were correct, the elect who hold it would do well to retire from the world forthwith, to some Thebaid or other outer wilderness, and leave things to their inescapable fate. It is not noticeable that the modern Boanerges of this type has displayed any tendency to such a measure of self-efface- ment. He often prefers to pose as a critic of the good work of his fellow- labourers in the same field. Wordsworth had something of the sort in his mind when he desired rather to be a pagan nourished on a creed outworn than a believer in the actual without an atmosphere of the unseen. There are few imaginable things, indeed, more forlorn than this creed of a dead world and humanity with- out a future, and for the happiness of the race we might do worse than exchange it even for those older forms that enabled dreamers to " have sight of Proteus rising from the sea, or hear old Triton blow his wreathed horn." The wrong-headed precocity of the Boy has in all times been the theme of grave animadversion by his elders, and no doubt the youth of one generation is always a little more hopeless than that of the pre- ceding one. At least so it must seem to the old. This is why, perhaps, we have a well-meant effort to bring the heavy machinery of an Act of Parliament to bear on some boyish peccadilloes ; and if we were to judge of the extent of the sin to be put down by the bulk of the flagellator there would be no option but to conclude that the rising generation is irrevocably fast in the toils of tobacco. Happily there is no necessity to do this. A very small stone thrown into a placid pool will some- times cause a great disturbance, and it does not follow because Parliament is appealed to in this matter that this was the proper method of attracting attention to the subject. Indeed, the futility of the course can be perceived and was. If the forward small boy can only be prevented from puffing a surreptitious cigarette by the Legislature, it would be as well to con- fess at once that the occupation of the parent is gone. And if that admission is made another would most certainly follow, viz., that an Act of Parliament could scarcely hope to do, in its dispersed and general sphere of action, what the father and guardian, with the specialised and concentrated cane, fails in. It is distinctly a matter where State interference would be worse than useless ; it would be ridiculous. It would be just as sensible and quite as effectual to bring in a bill to prevent small children making faces at each other, or to have an Act against robbing orchards. It is impossible for the State to wetnurse its prospective citizens in this manner, nor, perhaps, if it were pos- sible would it be at all desirable. Even boys and girls may be presumed to have some sort of wills of their own, and even where they have not, and the parental example is useless, Parliament is scarcely the proper force to supply the necessary moral stimulative. Nevertheless it is an undoubted evil that boys of tender years should become confirmed smokers. And that this evil exists cannot be doubted. The evidence of one's senses has only to be sought to get the necessary confirmation. Naturally the qamin who sells matches and newspapers in the streets smokes ; but, then, he very often does not eat, and he is scarcely out of his babyhood before he is a man. But it is not such among the young who are exhorted to turn from the too early pipe and premature cigar, and pursue more manly diversions. It seems to be rather a general belief with the modern boy that he should smoke. And he does so unabashed and unashamed. Of course, boys always smoked before they had any right to, and probably they always will, in spite of the most eloquent sermons and powerful exordiums ever written for their regeneration. It is the nature of the animal to do early what he should leave till late in life, and leave undone till late what he should have done early. Still, a truism ought not to be accepted as covering every develop- ment. We know that we are weak vessels, we know that all flesh is grass; but this knowledge should not make us totally reconciled to the smoking boy. Nowadays he seems to drop all disguise. There was a period when the youthful votary of nicotine sought the great peace of the back yard, or in some sequestered spot experienced the fearful emotions of an unaccustomed pipe. In these cases the joy was chiefly valued because it was forbidden, so that, realising the conservative character of the sin of tasting of forbidden fruit, a certain amount of leniency might be felt for the delinquents. But now, it seems, boys smoke because they enjoy tobacco ; and if this supposition is correct it is really rather a serious matter. We may all differ as to the effects of the weed on the adult nerve and constitution— some doctors say it means death, others that it is life, and yet others that it is neither one nor the other—merely smoke. But there can be no two opinions about the effects of tobacco on the health and brain of the young ; taken by the imma- ture it must leave its permanent results on the brain, digestion, and nerves. And this is anything but a re- assuring legacy to think of as being that of the next generation. What is wanted is a stern resolve by parents to discourage their sons from an early indulgence in the habit. At present it is nothing uncommon for a lad to get in a railway carriage full of his elders, produce a pipe, beg a light from a reverend senior, and sit back to enjoy his smoke and comic paper. It would be idle to deny that there is an amusing aspect about the discussion of any minor social question of this kind. There must always be a tinge of the ludicrous in the didactic treatment of what seems always to have been tolerably prevalent. Moreover, smoking has be- come so universal a practice amongst men that its very commonness rather makes us lose perspective of the case when applied to boys. So that it is almost in- evitable when the case is aired that some shall treat the whole thing as a joke or pass on to the consideration of more im- portant matters with the reflection that boys will be boys, and that we all smoked too soon and got out of the habit at a later stage0 And then there are people who will quote apocryphal examples of great men who smoked as boys and attained to a great age. These persons should be met with their own weapons. No doubt Bismarck pulled at cigars long before it could have been good for him to do so ; but supposing he had not, would he now be eating his heart out in retire- ment, a disappointed, weary old man ? Of course, there is not the least evidence on one side or the other, but there is at least as much on the anti-juvenile smoking theory as the other. Gladstone, we were told in the Assembly the other evening, was a great smoker ; but no one need be- lieve this unless he likes, and most cer- tainly he did not begin young. Then there is the example of Tennyson, but we never hear of him smoking in his pre- poetic days. Certainly the exquisite lines— Love took up the glass of Time, and turn'd it in his glowing hands : Every moment, lightly shaken, ran itself in golden sands, were the inspiration of a mellow pipe at maturity, though in " Sixty Years After" there is some suspicion that the verse— Till the cat thro' that mirage of over-heated language loom Larger than the Lion,—Demos end in working its own doom, is the child of an early, bad cigar. How- ever, the point for us to remember is that the Tennysons and Bismarcks and Glad- stones are in many respects laws unto themselves, and might have smoked in their nurses' arms without impairing the efficiency of the general moral. And this is that boys should not use tobacco. There are many more manly things to be done and few less enjoyable. PARLIAMENTARY ADDRESSES TO THE QUEEN.— Yesterday the Acting Premier (Mr. Brunker) re- ceived the following cablegram from the Right Hon. G. H. Reid, dated 8th July :—" Presented addresses to her Majesty at Windsor Castle yester- day. The Queen made the following reply :—' I thank the Parliament of New South Wales for its loyal and dutiful address. I am sincerely gratified by the cordiality with which the Parliament has joined in the touching manifestations of affec- tionate loyalty to my throne, of which I have re- ceived so many on the completion of the sixtieth year of my reign. I request you to convey my grateful thanks to the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly of Newn South Wales. I request you to assure the Mayor and Corporation of Sydney of the cordial gratitude with which I have received their warm and loyal congratula- tions on the completion of the sixtieth year of my reign. ' " This is the end of the Queen's reply ; and Mr. Reid's cablegram proceeds as follows :— " Kindly communicate to the President, Speaker, and Mayor. Leave Liverpool for home 21st ; arrive Sydney as arranged, 1st September." THE CONDEMNED MAN FRANK BUTLER.—As the time for the execution of Frank Butler approaches the Sheriff is being inundated with applications for cards of admission for persons who are desirous of being present. It is, we are informed, the in- tention of Mr. Maybury to restrict the issue of the cards solely to such persons as may have special claims to be present. In regard to the con- demned man himself, it is understood that he has become religious and is now fully resigned to his fate. THE EDDY MEMORIAL.—Arrangements for col- lecting subscriptions in aid of the proposed Eddy Memorial Railway Orphanage are being actively pushed on. Lists have been sent to all railway station-masters, who are acting as collectors, and the Bank of New South Wales has kindly allowed lists to be placed at all their branch offices throughout the colony. Lists will also be ex- hibited at the head offices of the leading banks in Sydney, and at the newspaper offices. The various bodies represented at the meeting the other day are also getting in subscriptions, and the com- mittee of the fund has an office at the rooms of Mr. Davis, 90 Pitt-street. THE BETTING DECISION.—Up to last night the Government had not received any reply to the cablegram sent to England asking for official information about the Kempton Park betting de- cision. Until a reply is received the Government cannot take any definite action. THE WEATHER.—It was fine everywhere in the colony yesterday morning, but clouding in the West, and in the afternoon some showers fell at Wilcannia, but they were light. The predicted wet change made its appearance in the west of the colony early, thus showing that the cyclonic storm is moving rapidly, having travelled across from Western Australia since Wednesday. By to- night the rain conditions are expected to have worked well over New South Wales, though Mr. Russell is of the opinion that it will be a light rain. Sharp frosts are reported from all parts of the colony, and the temperatures continue low gener- ally. In Sydney yesterday morning the cold on the grass was but 1· above freezing point. On Wednesday it was 32·3, on Thursday 35·, and yesterday 33·, three wintry mornings. EASTERN NEWS.—The steamer Darius, which yesterday arrived from Calcutta, brought some interesting news regarding Australian trade with the busy East Indian port. For the gold mines in Western Australia 432 camels were shipped from Calcutta during the past year. The tea export to Australia was less last year than during the year before, and a falling off in rice and castor oil took place, while linseed oil increased. Calcutta took 3457 horses from Australia, over 1000 more than in any previous year since 1892 ; and over 800 tons of copper went from Australia to Calcutta last year, the largest quantity since 1890\. The raw wool imported from this country into Calcutta was about 93,000lb. Several strikes on quite orthodox Western lines have occurred amongst the labouring classes in Japan. The latest was amongst the workmen employed by the Nippon Yusen Kaisha (Japan Steamship Com- pany), and has been settled. The "Celestial Empire," published in Shanghai, sees in the opening of a new line of steamers from Japan to Australia an underlying political aim, namely, the colonising of Japanese subjects in the Australian colonies. News, is to hand that a Russian gun- boat, the Bobre, has been cut down very badly by the Sakatu Maru, and that the China Navigation Company's Tientsin was in collision with the steamer Turbo at Shanghai recently, the result being much damage to the Turbo. CIVILISING THE SOLOMON ISLANDERS.—The steamer Titus, that left Sydney last night, had as part of her cargo a dwelling-house, which, though of exceedingly modest if not unpretentious pro- portions, will have emblazoned upon its portals the title " British Residency.'' This is one of the first tangible evidences in the transformation scene of civilising the Solomon Islanders. The material at these islands to be moulded into Chris- tian shape may be said to resemble that which existed in New Zealand when the Maori in 1840 was first taken under the British flag. There are few if any missionaries in the Solomons, the natives are out and out cannibals, and, like the Maories of old, are ever at war. The British Residency will be a novelty to them for a time. But the Titus takes with her even more of a curiosity than a Government House, namely a calaboose or lockup, constructed of special strength —not so much with a view to resist attacks from within as forces from without its walls when the enraged relatives of some red-handed head hunter locked up on a charge make their descent upon the prison. The pioneer work of civilising these wild tribes which has been undertaken by Mr. C. M. Woodford, worthy as it admittedly is, presents difficulties which would be regarded by many less courageous men as insuperable in the present primitive state of the Solomon boys. NAVAL AFFAIRS.—The Commander-in-Chief is to leave Farm Cove in the Orlando on Monday for Moreton Bat. The Karrakatta will follow when her repairs are completed, and will meet the flagship there. The Wallaroo is also expected to meet the Orlando at the same place. The Tauranga, from the New Hebrides and Noumea, should arrive in the Cove this morning. She will go into dock for an overhaul. The R.M.S. Austral, which is due on Monday, has on board 124 reliefs for this station. The men are to be dis- tributed amongst the different ships. MAILS AND MAIL STEAMERS.—The Messageries Company is advised that the Tanais left Noumea at noon yesterday for Sydney. She may be looked for to arrive on Tuesday night. Owing to a de- tention of the Aorangi at Honolulu, it is now stated that the Vancouver steamer will probably not reach Sydney before Monday, or perhaps Tuesday. The Austral's mails are due to-day from London, and the steamer on Monday at 8 a.m. She will land her passengers from Neutral Bay, and in the afternoon, 3 p.m. (not 1 p.m. passengers are informed), the Ormuz will leave the Quay for London. A list of those who have booked here is given elsewhere. To-day the Arcadia is due at Adelaide from London, and her Sydney mails are announced for Tuesday's de- livery so that with to-day's per Austral corre- spondents will be in receipt of two English mails within four days, with the prospect of an Ameri- can mail by the Aorangi. A NEW LINE OF SAILING VESSELS.—The barque G. H. Wappaus, a vessel of 1225 tons, timed to sail to-day for Liverpool and Port Sun- light, inaugurates the service of what is known as the Sunlight Line, established by Messrs. Lever Brothers. The vessel takes a full cargo, comprising in addition to consignments of shale and ore 1561 casks of tallow, totalling about 740 tons, together with an item of 2102 casks of cocoanut oil. It is noteworthy that cocoanut oil, milled in the colony, has only once before appeared in a ship's manifest, and the figures given record an important deve- lopment in the export trade of the colony. The G. H. Wappaus has also been fortunate in regard to general cargo. SAILING OF THE MIOWERA.—There is a dearth of traffic just now all round in the mail steamers, though the Miowera, which is leaving this after- noon for Vancouver, has been fortunate enough to secure between 50 and 60 passengers, exclusive of the goldfield contingent who are bound to Kootenay, in British Columbia. The Miowera will leave the Grafton Wharf, and it is mentioned that her departure terminates the present service so far as the existing route via Fiji and Honolulu only is concerned. The next boat will make Wel- lington, New Zealand, her first port of call after leaving Sydney, and then take in Suva and Honolulu on her way across. The passenger list of the Miowera includes Mr. and Mrs. Villeneuve Smith, Mr. Justice Stephen, Mr. Harold and Mr. Leland Buxton, and Colonel and Mrs. Babbing- ton. SHIPBUILDING ADVANCE IN GERMANY.—While the P. and O., Orient, and Messageries Maritimes have accomplished wonders in turning out immense fast steamers, Germany has kept awake, so wide awake indeed as to outstrip her rivals. Take as an example the four crack vessels of the Hamburg-American line. The Fürst Bismarck, Normannia, Columbia, and the Augusta Victoria are ships of 10,000 tons and 19 knots speed. Then the North German Lloyd has the Spree, Havel and Lahn, all 8000 to 9000 tons, and 19 knotters. Besides in a month or so the North German Lloyd will have in the water two ships of 20,000 tons each and 28,000-horse power, each ship 625ft. in length, and 22 knots speed. Where are the rival liners against these ? But that is not all, for it is rumoured that already plans are being got ready in German yards for a couple of vessels which are to exceed in size and speed anything that has gone before, and that the Leviathan Oceanic now building will be eclipsed. The latter ship, by the way, will be over 20 knots. A STEAMER WITH TOO MUCH WAY ON.—The Manly Ferry Company's steamer Fairlight when berthing at the Quay about 8 o'clock yesterday morning, collided with the ironbark fenders which are placed in front of the stone wall at the Quay. The fender was cut through, and several stones and a portion of the asphalt on the footpath were dislodged. The steamer was not damaged. A PECULIAR SHIPPING CASE.—The barque Jane Sprott remains in port, no repairs having as yet been undertaken. The surveyors yesterday stated that the Marine Board authorities, to whom the Sprott'e crew appealed, have advised that the barque be placed in dock for further examination. This means that the cargo of timber she has on board will have to be discharged, for it would not be prudent to dock the vessel with all the weight of cargo in her. In the meantime the shipper of the cargo, Captain R. C. Ghest, states that owing to this detention of the ship his contract with clients at Capetown (the port to which the Jane Sprott is bound) is likely to be lost. It is 17 days since the barque put back to Sydney, after having set out upon her voyage, and in that time fully half a dozen surveys have been held respecting her condition. The crew refuse to go to sea unless the ship is docked. The surveys so far held show that some repairs are necessary to the upper works, and that these could be done without the expense of discharging, docking, and reloading. The vessel is not leaking, and in the opinion of many com- petent marine experts there is no reason why the barque should not resume her voyage after receiving the small repairs mentioned. The case is on all sides regarded as one of the most curious that has occurred here. SLAUGHTERING AND BOILING-DOWN ESTABLISH- MENTS.—The residents of Strathfield are taking active steps to prevent the establishment of noxious trades in the locality. The Mayor (Alderman F. W. Parsons) has received a petition from Dr. P. Sydney Jones, Messrs. J. S. Brunton, David Kirkcaldie, H. C. Kent, L. Keep, J. C. Smith, A. R. Troup, John Hardy, T. J. Thomp- son, and other leading residents, asking him to call a public meeting to protest against any license being granted for the erection of slaughter works or boiling-down establishments within the locality. The Mayor has complied with the request. TWELFTH OF JULY CELEBRATION.—The final meeting of the committee appointed to carry out tho 12th of July demonstration this year was held in the Protestant Hall last evening. There was a largo attendance of members. A religious service will be held in the Town Hall, Sydney, at 2.30 p.m. to- morrow. The addresses will be delivered by the Rev. E. D. Madgwick on "Loyalty;" Rev. W. M. Dill-Macky, " The National Recognition of God; " Rev E. Tremayne Dunstan, "Papal Supremacy ;" and Rev. Woolls Rutledge. The demonstration concert will be held on Monday evening, in the Town Hall, Sydney. A CYCLIST'S ADVENTURE.—An adventure occurred to Mr. Henry B. Fisher, a cyclist, residing at Drummoyne. While riding into the city yesterday morning, shortly after 7.30 o'clock, at the intersection of Balmain and Glebe Island roads a bullock, with a stockman pursuing, was fast overtaking the cyclist as he ascended the hill that approaches the Abattoirs. Cries from all sides to clear the road were heard as the trio raced together. Mr. Fisher, finding his speed matched whilst ascending the hill, stopped his bicycle to escape further danger, and the beast shot past, and thereby allowed the cyclist to avoid an acci- dent. The beast was penned shortly after. DEATH OF DR. RUTTER.—Dr. G. Ford Rutter died on Thursday night, at his parents' residence, Cleveland-street, Redfern. The deceased gentle- man was just 28 years of age, and held the posi- tion of senior resident medical officer and registrar at the Sydney Hospital. He had had a very suc- cessful university career, having graduated B.A., B.Sc., M.B., and Ch.M. at the Sydney University. After the completion of his course he obained an appointment as resident medical officer at the Sydney Hospital ; the following year he was ap- pointed registrar ; and this year, in addition, he became senior resident medical officer. During his hospital career he was noted for marked industry and zeal in his work, which latterly was of a most important and responsible nature. He had charge of hospital records, and in addition did a considerable amount of scientific work in con- nection with the institution. His genial manner and universal kindness endeared him to all. Everyone in the hospital received the announce- ment of his death with the deepest regret. Dr. Rutter was closely identified with sport ; he at one time represented Sydney University in the interuniversity cricket match (Melbourne v. Sydney), and he took a great interest in rowing and also football. He was the son of Mr. J. C. Rutter, of this city, and grandson of the late Dr. Rutter, of Parramatta. A FATAL FALL.—The boy named John Nelson, who, as reported in the " Herald," fell on to the rocks at the back of Kent-street on Wednesday, died at the Sydney Hospital yesterday. The boy, who was 10 years of age, fell a distance of 30ft., and sustained a fracture of the skull. An inquiry was held by the City Coroner yesterday afternoon, when a verdict was returned of accidental death. STRANGE DEATH AT MARRICKVILLE.—Shortly after noon yesterday Henry James Greenham, builder, aged 30, a resident of Marrickville, left home in company with his son, aged 7 years. The man went to a waterhole off Fitzroy-street, Marrickville, and fastening a cord around his neck with a brick attached he jumped into the water. The boy immediately raised an alarm, and the police were informed. The body was subsequently recovered, when it was discovered that there was a large gash in the throat. No reason is assigned for such a rash act. A meeting of the ladies' committee of the Diamond Jubilee Charitable Carnival was held yesterday at the Town Hall, the Mayoress presiding. It was de- cided to draw for the stalls' positions, and that the Fresh Air League should participate in the funds, provided that body gave its assistance. It was re- solved to have gipsy and palmistry tents. A donation in kind was received from Mr. Arnott. After an absence of over a year with the national galleries of Victoria and South Australia, six of our fine pictures have returned, and are again on view at the gallery. These are : "The Anatomy Class, " "Their Ever Shifting Home," "The Captive," "The Gordon Riots," " A Staffordshire Lane." "Horse Market, Syria." The loan exhi- bition of pictures will be closed on Tuesday after- noon next. At the last meeting of the Ashfield council Alder- man Dongan, in referring to a motion submitted by the Mayor from the City Railway Extension Alliance in favour of the city railway, said the motion was calculated to do more harm than good, and he strongly advised the Mayor to add to his motion, " Approval of the scheme submitted by the Railway Commissioners." The Mayor declined to amend his motion. An amendment, however, was moved embodying Alderman Dougan's suggestion, which was carried with only one dissentient. Mr. A. H. Kellett died at his residence, Liverpool-road, Ashfield, yesterday afternoon. For some months past the deceased had suffered from an affection of the heart, and about three weeks ago was compelled to take to his bed. Mr. Kellett was an old identity of the Shoalhaven and Mudgee districts, and had also been a resident of Ashfield for some considerable time. Almost up to the time of his death Mr. Kellett took an active part in church and society work. He was a local preacher of some years' standing in the Wesleyan Methodist Church, a Sunday school super- intendent, a leading member of several societies devoted to literary pursuits, a member of the Ash- field Bowling Club, and other organisations. By the concert and tableaux vivants given in the Petersham Town Hall on the 1st instant the sum of £30 was realised. This amount has been handed over to the Lewisham Hospital for Women and Children. A meeting was held at the residence of Mrs. N. D. Cohen, Liverynga, Elizabeth Bay, yesterday, to arrange for a bazaar and garden fête in aid of the Queen Victoria Consumptive Hospital Fund, to be opened in September. The Hon. Mrs. Ferguson has consented to be present. There is a movement on foot in Parramatta having for its object the establishment of local refrigerating works, for the purpose of making ice and for cold storage of fruit and meat. A paper read by Mr. James Nangle before the Engineering Association has been republished. It is called " Notes on Fire-resisting Buildings," and deals capably with a most important subject in city architecture. A Supplement to the " Gazette " issued yesterday contains the regulations issued in connection with the Mercantile Explosives Department. A child named Elsie Hayes was scalded about the body at her parents' residence in Cleveland-street yesterday owing to the upsetting of a kettle of boiling water. She was taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital. The Western Suburbs Horticultural Society has wound up its affairs, and has forwarded its cash balance of £5 8s 4d to the Western Suburbs Cottage Hospital. At a recent meeting of the executive committee of St. Barnabas' Old Boys' Union it was decided to hold the inaugural dinner of the union in St. Bar- nabas' schoolroom, George-street West. A list of suitable toasts and a short programme of music were arranged. From the secretaries' report it was gathered that the roll of members was steadily in- creasing and that much interest was evinced in the formation of the union. A meeting in support of the movement for the re- cognition of God in the Federal Bill is announced to be held in the Manchester Unity Hall on Tuesday evening. A ball in aid of the Western Suburbs Cottage Hos- pital will be held on the 15th instant. To mark the occasion of the French National Fete, M. Biard d'Aunet, Consul- General of France, will hold a reception at the Consulate-General on the 14th instant at 10.30 a.m. The Loyal Orange Lodge King Willliam III. cele- brated its fifteenth anniversary on Thursday evening by holdind a social in the Oddfellows' Hall, Enmore- road, Newtown. The following is the report of the Benevolent Society for the week ended 7th July :—Pro- visions distributed : 4892 loaves bread, 2391lb flour, 2498lb. meat, 1308lb. sugar, 324½lb. tea, 92lb sago, 57½lb. rice, 1lb. arrowroot, 203lb. oatmeal. There were 38 fresh applications for and 15 renewals of relief. Cases reported by the inspector, 83 ; in two cases the relief was discontinued. Total number of cases relieved, 1259, representing 4407 adults and children. 