A FIRST NIGHT. BY FRANCES A. IIOADLEY. Hilda van Brunt stood in the broad win dow of her little den, looking out across the wind swept square. Her face was white and set; her hands did not tremble, but thev were cold and folded tightly to- gether in front of her. She was going rapidly over in her mind the last three years. How hard she had worked — oh, how hard! always for the one goal — success; that sweet, intoxicating, first great triumph. There had been two little curtain raisers well received by the public before that. Even the manager patted her shoulder, hinting at great things in store for her. Critics had been kind, friends had ap plauded.' All but Lloyd Herndon. They were en gaged, and like one's best friends, he criti cised frankly her faults. "She was clever, had a fine literary touch, especially for the pathetic; but her forte lay in simple story telling. Play writing was an altogether unique and much abused art; an art that required keen dramatic style and subtle handling; a masterful grasp of detail and fine effect — technique in short. Technique was her stumbling block. She would make a hit as an impressionistic writer of short stories; she must forgive him — but lie felt sure she would never be equal to the extended effort of a three act play demanded. He told her all fhis now to save her future chagrin and disappointment. He loved her so truly that he would never have her taste the dismay, the pang of failure. It couldn't have been jealousy, for he hadn't the ghost of a talent in that line himself; his forte lay in impersonating the creations of others. And he had loved her— she was sure of that. "\\\asn't love enough?" he had ended by asking her. Ah, he was cruelly selfish. Suppose she had predicted failure for him, thrown cold water on his enthusiasm? She remembered now that she had done some thing of the kind. He denied her ability— his words stung and cut her to the heart. "At least, love wasn't all," she had re sponded to his query. "She would not give up her dearest desire until she had been defeated ; it remained to he seen which would win the laurel first. Until then, good-bye." Though she had never seen him since she knew ho was an astounding success — the most popular young actor of the day, pro mising wonderful results for the future. Of course, victory was for the strong. Her lips curved in fine scorn. What of herself? Well, the long looked for night had come at Inst. To-night her chagrin or triumph would be an assured &ct;,,J,,er pl?y was finished— finished. Would the audience understand what that meant? Couldn't this little room tell tales of dismay over the "extended effort re quired by a three act plav"? Hadn't, it been a witness to the denials made all for this night? A witness of the tears and discouragement? Of the incessant think ing, thinking, thinking? Of the writing and rewriting? The longing for that keen dramatic style," that masterful grasp of the little things that tell? The miserable doubts over this beloved offspring of her brain? The rebuffs of the few mana gers who had condescended to read her play, and who acknowledged in maddening fa- stnon that there was fine material in it, but credo; it needed pruning; it needed fill ing out; the hero was strong in places, but inconsistent. Yes, he could be worked up into a good part, but ..." Ah, the desperation of it all! The bitter struggle in the meantime to make both ends ?? determination to win or die. i J- wwa ay "i1?? ik was finally aocep- « en the peat Manager Bailey himself told her he had kept an eye on her all along, for he knew she had it in her" (what ever "it/ meant); "that it was the best acting piece of the year: slis could bo sure of an all winter s run; they would begin re hearsals right away. She must bo present; he would need her suggestions: he knew she had fine dramatic instinct; Paul Carew would play the leading part." A cheque was put into her hand, and there was some con versation almut a royalty. She was deaf, blind, dumb. What was it all aboutf Whoso play was t make this miraculous hit. Hers. Ikon she rushed home to this room and cried herself to sleen Nnt till the next day did she remember to look at the. cheque the dear old manager had laughingly advised her "to put in her nine and Brooke. "All that?" It nearly took her breath & Z1 coiiiH'tefl felt''"' i Then the rehearsals. She had gloated ir'T0 raid"' her ff gGn as a whole " feuvyfl fier aU "t should fail? Could she liv"vdl asked herself over and over that ques'sli) H rlava nerJ>rume n"1 g0ne Otllly days ago. Then Carew failed to nmiO rehearsal. Messengers ran back and for Caiew was delirious on a hospital cot 1 andcrstudy? He had gone to Ls-i J who died the day before. Since then"- « mind had been chaos. Durant m, ' ? . S Carew's part; though even-one assulefe he would cany it off with flying cX, if was positive he would rein it was to bo given, however, at anv cost 1 y At 12 today she had fainted?yBdlev an the doctor bundled her into a cub, ior'hM ding her to appear until night ld' . An hour ago a note came from Bailey say. At the last minute an old friend has volunteered to take Carew', part; you may rely upon him to br J order out of chaos. I gave him your p al to read two weeks ago and he has seen one rehearsal; he studied the part beea«"o l,„ liked it so much that he hoped some day h» would have a chance to play it. Be on hand when tho curtain goes un Hnnd you're better. jail0y " Whom had he found? Why hadn't he let Durant go on? A stranger to her, too- she'd not even been consulted. This was tlie beginning of tlie end, the dismay, "the pane of failure"; and Lloyd's face smiled mock i ugly at her: What if he were in town' Tho London season was over— she had heard he was coming to rest: that van weeks ago. Suppose he should he in the audience to-night? At her triumph v«r but not at her defeat; she couldn't endure that. Somehow she felt a wild desire to throw her arms around his neck and be comforted in the old way. But she pulled herself together. Her play fail at tho eleventh hour? No; it was bound to succeed; it must. Bailey knew what he was about; the success of this play meant as much to him as to her. There were no other actors as good as Du'. rant. Bailey seldom made a mistake. (Yho could it be? She ran over every disengaged actor she could think of. No, "no, no— not one of them was suited to the leading part. But Bailey had never failed her; the play would win; and good luck to this stranger, whoever he was! Some novice, ossibly, anxious to distinguish himself. he was sorry for liim; she knew the feeling well. Half past seven! She dressed herself with more thought than she had bestowed upon suoli frivolity since— since she used to dress with an eye to Lloyd. Oh, if he would only stay away to-night— till she was sure. Yet what wouldn't she give to have him there if all went well? She glanced hurriedly at herself— she would do— for a failure. At the theatre she found her way un certainly to the box; everything swam be fore her eyes. The friends whom she had invited were there— the friends whose flat tering criticism she so coveted. Instead, tliey would condole with her. She greetel them calmly. Tho lights went down, and the curtain up. There was a murmur of delight, it was beautiful — to look ut. Was she breathing? One of the minor characters gave the first lines, but she didn't hear them. She was bending over to catch a glimpse of this stranger novice who was to "bring order out of chaos." She knew where he must he standing in the wings; there he was— was he anyone she knew? He was coming- Lloyd! Her blood seemed frozen; he shouldn't come a step nearer. Why couldn't she speak? Was her tongue paralysed? She saw it nil in a flash; they had parted in fury — and this was his revenge. lie was Bailey's "friend" who had imposed upon him and "volunteered at the last minute to" — ruin her work of years. "He mustn't— he shan't." Choking with rage and des pair, she half rose in her chair. Fortunately her guests knew nothing of the episode between Lloyd and herself; if they thought her a bit conceited oyer her own production they would forgive it. it was her first serious effort. A burst of applause greeted lnm; then he spoke: "Ah, Gordon, so glad to see von once more. I hope you're quite well again. What was there in those commonplace words to thrill her — Lloyd ? And there was no revenge in that voice. How her heart was beating! Her piece was a success— and Lloyd had done it. She was glad. How thin he looked; but the same sweet, strong face she had loved three years ago. There were explanations to be made to her guests as to the change, and blending with the pity for Carew's terrible collapse were congratulations for her that she had given Herndon a chance for the mos, genuine hit of his already enviable career. This from the acutcst critic of his time, .Her heart was bursting. She compared him all along with CarWi and tho odds always in favor of Lloyd. now well ho must understand her to interpret so deftly her slightest touch. But what could he mean by it? There— -there was a hitch in her "technique"; she liadu t no ticed it as Carew played Hj . ? "technique was her stumbling blocs-. How would he give the strong «'one, this piece? Carew was (me. in i t early stages of a love scene; but in the max he always gave the impression J thai was all a farce— not a bit the way act were he really in love, J here ____ Bailey in the wings smiling at her and ing his hat wildly about liis head. Y , must be a hit— Bailey didn t go mad for 11 Hnrkt There was the great scene now. She listened with lips apart. An. finitely better thin Carew— such n co ing voice. Now he was coming to tl thing of all. YVquldn t lie even ' 8lal jv ,;0 way/— he was facing her. He might « . it in one place witliout spoiling the - didn't he know that? H'd" 1 X where she was sitting? She had )iaj it always with him for her model. n tried so hard to master the <Je!a,1t ' t j,e's one glance, Lloyd. For one in. , , a looking straight into her eyes. l((mtcd!v lone sigh, and. smiling, leaned content :e back in her chair. The <irst d " „f three been her old self during a space ot JeThe curtain fell; ".""''g'/bm'st'of fell, again and again, lhcre w s|01ltfj. thundering applause: nnl,,fa ,t the poy I Poor Bailey, Always in confusion at S' ',1 sibility of speaking on any fraii-| wringing Herndon slianda" mmc?j tically to tho excited a"J|cr" t- C1C go? f|:0| Oh, no! Was ho sure? Must -» i bj9 tIl| can't. But in another breath sl.,. f,,a| tho unyielding Hailcv u ;tj„g for her. scenes, wliereTJoyd. stood .'. lnc33 of l'1'! and where Bailey,, in t he g;lYe a g dear heart, with ins back |0ngcnoui;h| idiotic order to a stage I'1" ,ipcarcst, I '"la| for Lloyd to say to her, enough- | in her ears. Over and over If® ved and smiled. No, that wasn't turtle must speak. When, after fcfTr lie audience and manager, tum- ®TPivd thev clasped hands with that J?" 11 world knows and loves, the r to its feet and the curtain fell JS»nme of lusty cheers, only to rise once tfffth. two alone who had raven 0 Mother this triumph. It was their hour. .-.-Democrat." 