REMINISCENSES OF SIR CHARLES. BY' J. TIGHE RYAN. When Sir Charles Lilley came to Sydney in November, 1892, after giving his decision in favor of the plaintiffs in the great case, tbe Queensland Investment Company v. the Queensland National Bank, he was a changed man. it wouiu no im possible for even a resident of Sydney to imagine the state of public feeling caused by the case in the northern capital. It was recognised that the leading public men In the colony were practically on their trial. Personal feeling was at fever pitch, the caso was guardedly discussed In tho papers, It was talked about In the street, in drawing-rooms, and in the clubs, and '.was a des tructive element in social life. As the community is small all the tittle-tattle came to the ears of the Chief Justice. He knew that efforts were being made to inflame the minds of the people against him, and to establish the idea that he was favoring his sou, who was the advocate for the plaintiffs. Tho veteran judge was, however, fearless, and apparently unconcerned. But It Is Impossible even for a judge to be unconcerned when attacks are made upon his honor. "I could not demean myself by replying," ho said when it was all over; "but the fire burned within, and has nearly consumed my life." In truth, he was a wreck. It was pitiful to see him lu his room at Petty's Hotel, thin and haggard, broken down in. health, the ghost of the tremendous Charley Lilley we had known 12 months previously. "I do not ex pect to live longer than five years," he said on the evening of tbe 14tU November, 1892. His pro phesy has come true, and many lost yesterday a staunch friend, and Australia one of the most picturesque and greatest figures seen In her pub lic life. There can be no manner ot doubt that the case referred to, the last that came before him, killed the Chief Justico. It Is uot neces sary to say more about it here than that the late Chief Justice Iligliibotlium (who resembled Sir Charles in many respects) expressed the opinion in the course ot conversation a few days before Ills death tliut in the event of an appeal, Lllley's judgment would ho upheld hy the Privy Council. Tills was the opinion also of Sir Ho race Duvey, tho eminent English lawyer; hut tlie parties found it to their mu tual Interest to come to an agreement, and so the reversed judgment of Sir William Wln- deyer remains undisturbed. Had Sir Charles lived and remained in fair health until the end of tills year, some strange facts would probably have leaped to light in Queensland. Sir Charles was full of superstitions, which lie deplored, and atributed to the Norman blood iu his veins. There were curious coincidences in Ills life which hud some Influence oil Ills charac ter. "When 1 was leaviug England," he said to me one evening, "our vessel was lowed out of Liverpool hy a tug named tho 'United States'; r arrived at Sydney on the 4th July, 1856, the anni versary of American Independence; and we were towed up the harbor by the tug "Washington." I remember overhearing someone remark 'There is a notable man on this vessel;' and I then deter mined that I should wlu distinction, and do what I could to make u nation of the country of my adoption. 1 remained twenty-seven years here; then I took a trip to America with my eldest son, aud I passed through the Golden Gates on tlie exact day and year that 190 years previously Washington fought tho great battle which ended the revolutionary war aud decided the indepen dence of America. When we crossed oVer to Eng land our vessel was towed up the Mersey hy the tug 'United States.' We went to France, aud on the night we arrived noticed that the streets ot Paris wero illuminated. 'What docs this mean?' I said to my son, aud lie replied that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the French Revolution. We travelled on the Continent a good deal, and reached Italy Just In time to join a procession to the tomb of Victor Emanuel. The 4th July Is my lucky day." So he could uot es cape from the notion that he was destined to ad vance or lead the cause of Republicanism iu Aus tralia. When Lilley was a lad, he met a rocrulting ser geant In the streets of London, accepted the Queen's shilling, and joined the nrmy. He was not a good model for Tommy Atkins. One" night he collected b's fellow-soldiers In a barn, and addressed them on tho necessity of improving their condition. Tho news came to the ears of the officers, and young Lilley wns sent to another part of the country, and punished. Eventually his parents bought him out or the army, and he resumed his studies. When lie arrived iu Sydney he was penniless. An old comrade with whom he had served in England harbored him at the barracks. One duy In the Public Library ho saw an advertise ment 111 the "Empire" for a law clerk in More- ton Bay. and he secured tho position. On the way up ho slept the first night on a coll of rope on deck. Convicts were among the passen gers. and ono offered Lilley his bunk. The consequence of that kind act, which was never forgotten, would make an interesting chapter iu tho political aud social history of Queens land. His subsequent career, as editor and part proprietor of the Brisbane "Courier," Attorney- Oeneral, Premier, and Chief Justice, 1b well known. He claimed to be tho first man to give free education to Australians. As Pre mier, ho took all tho responsibility, and abo lished the school fees by a stroke of tho pen, without consulting tho Cabinet. It was the hope of his life that he would livo to make higher education available to the son of tho poorest man, nnd he even thought it possible to havo a free University In Queensland. As a public speaker, he had few equals; as a conversationalist, I havo never met his match. "Whilo the chief, Is speaking, I am afraid lest someone should Interrupt and break the charm," I heard ono of his fellow-judges say. Ho lived quietly, and adored his family. For years he rose before daybreak to prepare his sons for their examinations. Since his resignation ho had been restless and unhappy because he had had too much rest. For a better friend no man could wish; and when time has brushed away tho Enmities and personal prejudices that na turally arose around a strong man in a small community there will be few to deny that as a statesman, patriot, and Judge. Lilley wq a man of whom Australians will always be proud. THE LATE SIR CHARLE3 LILLEY. 