Readings in Catholic Doctrine, BAPTISM. ITS NECESSITY. Baptism is not only the first, but also the most necessary of all the sacraments. No iinbaptized person can ever enter heaven, unless by an extraordinary grace. Unless a man be born again of water, and the Holy (rhost, be cannot enter into the kingdom of God (John iii. 5). Moreover, without the previous reception of baptism, one cannot re ceive any of the other sacraments ; for this reason, baptism is sometimes called the gate of all tho sacraments. None can be saved without receiving baptism, as we learn from Marie xvi, 16 : He that believeth aud is baptized, shall be saved ; but he that believ eth not, shall be condemned* THE EFFECTS OF BAPTISM, are to wash the soul and cleanse it from all sins, thus baptism not only takes away the stain of original sin, but also removes from the soul the effects of actual sin, and delivers it from all the punishment due to these sins. Baptism, moreover, imprints a spiritual character upon the soul, and gives to the recipient many precious graces to help him to attain the end of his creation. '''Vthetminister of:baptism. ? Bishops and priests are the ordinary minis ters of baptism, and deacons also can ad minister solemn baptism, if they are author ized to do so by the bishop. In case of necessity, when an infant is in danger of death, or when any one is in danger of dying without baptism, any man or woman, even an infidel or a heretic, can confer baptism. WHAT IS NECESSARY FOR BAPTISM. With regard to a person who has attained the use of reason, ho should have the inten tion of receiving baptism, faith, and sorrow for his sins. For baptism are also required the proper matter and form, and the intention of the minister. The form consists in tho words used by the minister during the pouring of the water upon the head of the person to be baptized. The words of the form are as follows : 'I bapti/.o thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Sponsors — that is, a godfather and godmother — are required in baptism. These sponsors contract a spiritual relationship with the person baptized and with the parents of such person, and cannot bo mar ried to any of these without dispensation. BAPTISM SHOULD BE ADMINISTERED in the church. To administer it in private houses, without an urgent necessity, is strictly forbidden. In case, however, that a child is baptized at homo, it must be brought to church, should it survive, in order that tho ceremonies of anointing with oil, otc, may be supplied. (mbA*'^ vH«a THE CEREMONIES OF BAPTISM jj \ aro various ; for instance, blessed salt is placed upon the person's tongue, to remind them of tho Christian wisdom by which they must guido themselves ; they are anointed witli holy oil because they arc buried with Christ, whoso sacred body was anointed before burial ; a white veil is given to _ them, to symbolize tho purity of soul which they acquire from the sacra ment ; and, lastly, a lighted candlo is given to them, to show that they must guide their footstops by the light of 'faith. You know, now, dear reader, the neces sity, tho effects, and tho manner of ad ministering baptism. If you have not already been baptized, can you hesitato to rocoivo this saving sacrament, which will incorporate you into the mystical body of Christ, and Holy Catholic Church, and will ontitlo you to look forward to everlasting bliss ? THE OBLIGATION OF BAPTIZING nir J^P^-^Nft Iff:JMA£Tn?«j{j ' l^Uffi Tho laity ought to know that thoy aro bound, under pain of mortal sin, to baptize children under tho age of reason, when they are in dangor of death, and if thoro is no minister of the church at hand to per form this office. It is understood, of course, that tho parents do not prevent them from baptizing the child. Thoy aro bound, also, to baptizo any person who has tho use of reason, in tho same case, if lie desiresi it, and professes to believe in tho Catholic faith and to ropont of his sins. Evoryono ought to know how to baptizo, and to bo careful to do it rightly when tho occasion presents itself. The way to baptizo is to pour water over tlio forohoad, saying at tho samo time, ' I baptize tlioo in tho name of tho Father, and of tlio Son, and of tho Holy Ghost.' p 