? Hot. Testy. Bijou. Bracy. Comedy. " Martha.'* Big petition.' Peddling politics. A duffers' day out. Dignified Charley. Etcetera K.ingston. Unsettled weather. Both Houses again. 1897 is 300 days old. Parliamentary funk. Cuzoo off to London. Rose Show to-morrow. P.C. Kingston, &c.;, &c.; Cranks had a grand time. "'The Private Secretary.'" Six people suffocated in Paris. Diffuse and aimless legislation. Heilthy debate in the Council. The Council retracing its sfcetis. Brother Caldwell is not satisfied. Grainjrer forgot the third etcetera. Cricket Carnival begins to-morrow. The drought is emptying the cradle. Foster baelcs the Northern farmers. Why not have a Minister of Health? Only (i5 more days till the new year. The Jersey Lily has got her divorce.' Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 29-59. Political crisis in Tasmania. Still warm Dick is not so wooden as his name implies. The Rev. Robert Spalding still holding forth. A dreary, dry, desolate, dolefuL dumpy debate. " C. C. K.'s New Testament is the Sydnev Bulletin. Another Hospital dispute—at Broken Hill this time. Brother Caldwell is dissatisfied with the birth rate. Russian and German Royal Families quarelling. Yorksliiremen and Lancshiremes propose to join forces. C.C.K. is not mollified by queries about emoluments. Ward looking askance at the new Sunday Closing Bill. Why should not men and women be more than friends? Another feather in the cap of the Gordon Highlanders. The "Baron"about to wed a young Adelaide woman. An excellent programme at tbe Cathedral Hall to-night. i Thebarton Corporation has been going in for record- breaking. Dr. Campbell waging war against the tubercle bacillus. Forty thousand Spanish soldiers sick in the Hospitals of Cuba. ' Another mining accident at .Broken Hill— Block 10 this time. Massacre of innocents began in the Assembly yesterday. A genuine lively grievance would be a godsend to Parliament. y L. J. Lohr, the popular Theatrical Manager, off to Perth to-day. Foster wants the Government to dam back creeks in the North. The Chief Secretary got the Marine Courts Bill into Committee. The husband of Mrs. Langtry died from the effects of an accident. Northern farmers adjured to exercise still more patience and courage. Nurse Legislator is doleful because the cradle is so often tenant^ss. Members sympathized with Mr. Coneybeer, MP., on the loss of his child. H. M. Addison nipped m the bud a spicy discussion in the Assembly. Yesterday the Council adjourned at 5.30, and the Assembly at 11.7 p.m. The petition for Nixon's, release signed without the aid of filthy luere. Dr. Campbell and Bice polling opposite ways re the Public Health Bui. A warning to small bovs and girls against drinking water from the t*-j>i. Brother Caldwell gave a Wednesday afternoon sermotron Tuesday niifkt. Baron Castine's descendant disgusted with the barren tendency of the talon y. • Lots of hi : falutin about the liberty of the subject over the new Licensing Bill. The Oval will be a more important plaoe than Parliament House to-miirrew. The coveted honour of Knight of the Garter bestowed on the Duke of- Bucoleuch. John Miller put in a plea for recognition of the services of Alphabetical Krichauff. King O'MsJIey som in abundaaoe, sorrowing for Hog Bay's privation oi" a jetty. The " Baron" is losing no time in trying to make the girl of his choice " happy." A localised version o; "Reuben and Cynthia" by Cathedral boys to-night. Impertinent Mr. Batchelor to ask Mr. Caldwell to be specific by way cf change. The tubercle bacillus is more deadly than all the other germs of contagion put together. Sun roBe at 4.51 a.m.; sets at 6.10 p.m. Moon rose at 5.10a.m.. sets at 7.58 p.m. A plucky piper plays whilst paralysed. Mostly it's the listener whose paralysed. Trouble among the Auglicans of Victoria on account of Clergyman Bee's " carryings-on." Salvation Army's week of self-denial resulted in tbe collection of £23,350. Well done. Dr. Campbell fondly looks for the time when consumption willbe as rare as 'is smallpox. The Rose Show at the Town Hall to-, morrow should be one of the best for years past. Grainger's .enquiry was fair, and he should not allow himself to be bluffed by the Premier. Big clouds dropping mercies is how Father Burgoyne would paradoxically describe deficit years. Referendum, Police Superannuation, and Graving Dock Bills led out to slaughter yesterday. King of Benin tried to'escape, and therefore the liberty which it was intended to give him is forfeited. A "mortal sin" for any Roman Catholic to attend a Protestant wedding, says a Canadian Archbishop. The Czar was "fully engaged" when 6ome of his wife's relatives expressed their desire to call upon him. Being dull, stale, flat, and unprofitable. Parliament might well adjourn over the cricket match. League of Victorian Wheelmen endorsed suspension passed on Martin by South Australian League. "Hallelujah' England surpassed." This was the message received by General Booth from Australia. i'he supposed interference of the American Consul in Melbourne in the Martin case has been cleared up. The House, on behalf of the people, should insist upon knowing the cost of C. C. K-'s jaunt to London. The American Consul in Melbourne had nothing to do with the application for " Plugger Bill's" release. Jamie Howe's Baron is about to tie a knot with his tongue that he will not be aide to untie with his teeth. Russell blindly followed the Chief Secretary in committing what, with open eyes, he regards as a blunder. Does Kingston want his full list of honours set out in every question addressed to him, or what does he want"' Ward protested aeainst the Chief Secretary infringing Johnny Gordon's patent right to make the Council look ridiculous. Caldwell sometimes questions the wisdom of wasting words. While the lamp of life doth burn the vilest sinner may return. The newest Right Honourable on his dignity. The idea of asking a Privy Councillor to produce a statement of emoluments. .Thirty-four thousand, three hundred people ask for the release of Nixon. Will Charley tell the Governor to accede to their wishes? Mr. McPherson is still far from well. Those whom he has so indefatigably terved should see that he gets a well-earned rest and change. If Bumble had been in the Assembly yesterday he would not have said. "The law is a hass." He would have got nearer the makers. "The important question was unfortunately to fiud work for the people distressed through no fault of their own." Well said. Dear old Sunbear competing with the Duke of Milang and Advance Australia for covering the maximum of time with the minimum of matter. The Right Hon. S. J. Way—When I was in England. P.C. Kingston. &c.;, &c.;—When 1 was in London. Bro. Caldwell—When I was in Queensland. Grainger—"How much sugar have you drawn from the people's money-box this year?" Charley—" I'm not agoing to tell yer, see that, now." t Allerdale was disrespectful to the ornamental Privy Councillor. Only added two etceteras to his name when Kintore was gazetted with three. Authorities on Platouic love in the Assembly were robbed of an opportunity to express their views. They had to let off steam on an unsatisfactory birth rate. Legislati ve buugling and blundering assisted by droughts have given alleged statesmen the prospect of having no posterity to whom to hand on their mistakes. Mr. McPherson is feeling the ill-effects of not observing the ei^ht-hours' system. He has not spared himself day or night in serving the cause he has at heart. On the casting vote of the Chairman, the Council declined to classify consumption as a "communicable and infectious disease" to be foupht by the new health law. liven the time-honoured ghosts of Coroners' Juries would prefer to return to a warm climate than spend a tew hours in the damp, damp, chilling atmosphere of the Assembly. Mr. Copley does not think much of the proverb that " Exceptions prove the rule."' It is rough on a proverb to be judged as commonly misapplied. The correct reading is " Exceptions test the ruit.' 