A PERILOUS POSITION. By MARY ALBERT, Author of ' The Luckiest Man in the World,' 'The Bride of a Day,' 'Brooke Finchley s Daughter,' 'A Hidden Terror,' 'Delias Story,' 'The Shelling of the Peas,' fcc., &c; [Published by special arrangement with lUe Author. All rights reserved.] Chaftfr XL— The Heiress and 'Jim Hills.' Three days later, when Margaret Thorpe ' leigh was well enough to return home, James Hills, the under-gamekeeper en the Oak Park estate, was arrested on suspicion and lodged in the county gaol, Loid Fitzrcagh, in the ab sence of little Basil's grandfather, being the instigator. When interrogated before a magis trate' Hills gave himself the airs of a prince, asking how auyone dared to accuse him of sucli o baseness. . 'It is all very well to talk big, follow, but vnn Ttrill havi- tji o-ive an account of your pre vious life before yoc are discharged from cus tody, said the magistrate. ' Where wove you between the hours of midnight and 2 o clock in the morning on the 7th instant ?' *' I went for a long walk in the direction of Thorpeleigh Court, being restless and wishing to tiro myself.' ' But you had bean at work .ill day ; yet you were not sufficiently tired. A somewhat lame stcry.' . . , 'The story happens to be true,' rejoined I the prisoner, folding his arras defiantly, while ; his dark eyes flashed tiro. 'You must learn to behave yourself more respectfully iu court,' said the magistrate severely. . . , *' I am treating the court with at least as much respect as it deals out to me. It treats me as a guilty man before any proof has been established against me.' ' His language and bearing are not those of an illiterate man,' whispered the presiding justice of the peace to his neighbor. Indeed, by this time everyone regurded the accused with wonder. ' The prisoner is remanded, to give oppor tunity for enquiries as to his previous career.' ' That is unnecessary. ProofB of my ' pre vious career1 (imitating the Bpeaker) are forthcoming. My present employer, Sir Bertram Lawford, received good credentials with mo as to character,' ' It will be well for you if it is so. This will be enquired into. The prisoner is re manded,' repeated the magistrate. So Hills was removed, leaving the court with a Btep full of pride, and a face full of hauteur; making altogether such au impression upon those present that he became the them© of conversation for the rest of the day. 'And who was his former employer ?' asked Lord Fitzreagh of Jennings. His lordship had walked up to the gamekeeper's hou3e expressly to ascertain this matter. 'Well, my lord, when Sir Bertram engaged Hills, the man produced a good testimonial from Mr. Byng, who was a good deal talked of, you may remember, a while ago, in conuection with poor Mr. Lufton. Unfortunately, he is a sort of connection of Sir Bertram's family.' 'What ! The Mr. Byng who committed suicide ?' cried the nobleman. Jennings grew very red and embarrassed as be stammered out ' that he believed the gentleman had got into debt and put au end to his own life.' 'And this fellow, Hills, lived with him !' exclaimed Lord 1'itzreagh. ' Yes, my lord, for sorae years ; did all sorts of things, it seems to mo — was groom and keeper [and anything that was wanted. Sir Bertram was going away from homo when he eaid I might try him, and the man has done very well on the whole.' He may bo as unscrupulous as his late master,' remarked the old lord meditatively. ' Still, I hardly think the fellow can be sent j for trial in the absence of any definite proof i that he made the attempt against Lord Basil.' ''Twill be for the gentlemen of the bench to decide, my lord,' said Jennings cautiously. As might have been expected, however, the evidence against Hills being practically nil ho was set free only to find himself dismissed without notice from his situation, his em ployer having telegraphed these directions to Jennings. 'And now, I hope, we shall get quit of the tellow,' said Lord Fitzreagh fervently ; 'for I fancy he will be glad to leave the neighbor hood, as he will hardly find work hereabouts.' Jennings, when he paid the late under keeper the wages owing to him, asked him ' where me meant to go now ?' 'That's my own affair,' replied Hills. 'Good day, Jennings, I hope the dogs won't miss me too much.' ' They won't get no one more kind to them tban you have been, Hilld. I will say that ; and you've done your work well.' ' There, that's enough !' interruped Jen ting's lsvte subordinate, shortly. 'Goodday !' And he strode off without looking back. The Load keeper took it for granted that the man had left his lodging, and was, therefore, a good deal surprised to meet him next day, on the road to Thorpoleigh Court. 'Are you walking to the railway 7' enquired Jennings. 'No j I am not walking to the railway,' re plied Hills coolly. 'Oh, well, have you left Wrexley V' 'No, I have not left Wrexlej',' rejoined the other. 'Now, let mo give you a word of advice. Miud your own business, and don't interfere whore you are not concerned.' And then the speaker walked on, leaving Jennings overwhelmed with amazement. As the latter stood gazing after the man, he gained a good view of Thorpleigh Court, which showed to much advantage from this spot through an opening in a belt of trees growing on a fine slope. ? The windows of the south drawing-room looked this way, and at one of them the young mistress of the mansion was standing, her eyes blinded with tears, her heart overweighted with misery. She had heard nothing all day but comments on ' the prisoner' (as the under keeper was now styled), and the manner in which be had comported himself. 'Lord Fitzreagh was in court, my dear Margaret, and he is persuaded that this fellow is quite other than what he seems,' remarked her friend, Mrs. Moriston, who was staying at the Court. ' And the dreadful thing is that he haB not left the neighborhood. Indeed, I I had him pointed out to me ; he passed tuy carriage on the road as I was driving this afternoon.' Margaret had received this information in silence, but she had never had it out of her mind since, and now as she gazed over her own park she thought with unspeakable sadness of what might have been bad Godfrey Byng been other tban he was. 'If he had really loved me he would have renounced gambling and everything akin to it for my Bake,' mused she. ' His debts I could havo forgiven and paid, and we might both have been happy. But aa it is I am wretched tmd he is probably wandering homeless in my park out there. It seems as if my heart were broken !' Poor Margaret. Not very long afterwords ?he was to understand that this was but the prelude to that which was to come, and that ter heart, in the midst of anguish yet more poignant, was still to bear with life— life that I was very painful to enduro. ? - By this time little Lord Basil had been sent jbway from Airton Castle to an uncle of his j. who owned another castle in Northumberland; nor was it allowed to transnire where the child was going nor by what train he would travel. Indeed, after hiB departure, it was not known for some time that he had left Airton, such precautions being taken to secure secrecy. The child went out in the grounds as if for his usual airing ; tbenoo ho was carried to one of the park entrances, a couple of police officers in plain clothes following, but so dis guised that they looked like country folk, and were whittling sticks as they chatted together. At tlio park gates' a carriage was waiting, and thu officers saw the nurses and the little boy safely into the vehicle, one of them getting on to the box and accompany iug the child and' his attendants to town. Here they -were con signed to the care of a couple of detectives, and, having passed the night at Lord Airton's town mansion, left London, still guarded, for Northumberland by a very early train. Willingly would Lord Fitzreagh, who had stayed on at the castle to watch over his little kinsman, have concealed altogether the fact of the child's removal ; but the matter leaked out, and it was understood that Lord Basil Loug was not to return to Airton for a very con siderable time. All this while Jim Mis, on whom everyone looked askance, was still in the neighborhood, though where he lodged or how he lived no one knew ; but it was now hoped that he would disappear, for there was not a creature iu any of the villages round about who would have liked to met him at nightfall. Nor would Jennings have rmich desired to encounter his late subor dirmte. 'He'd be a match for me any day,' the keeper would mutter to himself. 'He's strong as a lion.' Mrs. Jennings would keep her door barred at dusk, and the children bad to conie iu be times. 'The dogs wouldn't be no good- to warn U3 ngin him,' she said, meaning liilis, ' for they'd just be wild with joy to see him agen. Ah, 'twas like his artfulness to ruake the poor beasts bo fond of him. Something else ull happen, you mark my words. :l The good woman often quoted this prognostic in the face of what followed. An immensity of trouble was taken to find out where the dis reputable keeper had lodgings, but all to no purjxise, so that it was believed that he slept in the woods or in some baru, for the weather was dry and fine. Everyone appeared to live in a state of ten sion by day and of fear by night — (ear of some strange outrage or robbery. At length Jen nings, meeting the man whom everyone moat dreaded, as night was falling, turned so white that Hills noted it in the dusk and laughed aloud. ' You look as if you had seen a erhosfc, Jen nings !' said he with an air of superiority which cruelly galled the other man. ' A few days haven't changed me so much that you need look as if you should sink into the earth at sight of me.' 'No, no!' replied Jennings nervously. '? But I've a wife and children to consider, and I should lose my place if 1 was seen talking to you, d'ye see? No offence, I hope.' *'Oh, none! Good-bye and good luck to you, Mr. Jennings, and to little Lord Basil too. He has gone away, I hear, for a. change of air.' To this Jennings ventured no reply, and right glad, was he to catch sight of the lights twinkling in bis cottage window, aud to find that nothing adverse had resulted from his meeting with the dreaded Hills. The encounter had taken place near some cross roads, one branching off towards Wrexley, the other towards Thorpeleigh Court. ' I'd give a good deal to know where he's a-going to sleep to-night,' said the keeper to his wife when he had recounted his tale. 'You mark my words,' repeated she, em pbaeising her dark prophecy more than ever by uplifting her forefiutjer. 'Thorpeleigh Court will be robbed. That's what he's after. Aud they say that Miss Thorpeleigh won't take a bit of warning ; but wanders alone about that great park without so much as a maid with her. Poor young lady! And she so ill and weak that a breath might blow her down, as one may say.' In truth Margaret Thorpeleigh was the one person in the neighborhood who did not fear Jim Hills,.the ex-keeper. Did she, secretly, wish to encounter him ? At ail events, she had decided that if ebe met him she would make him speak to her. ' He will never lift a linger against me P she moaned, sadly, to her self. ' But all the same, I think that despe ration drove him to attempt to carry off little Basil. He would not havo hurt the child : but what might not havo happened ! Will my love for him and my despair kill me in the end ? For we are finally separated now. But I would help him to leave the country and to begin a new career at the antipodes.' This, then, was the secret of Margaret's fearlessness — a Becret no one could ever guess. Matters were in this utato when all Wrex ley and the adjoining country side was thrown into a ferment of excitement which even ex ceeded that which had prevailed when the attempt had been made to carry off Basil Long, and which plunged Margaret. Thorpeleigh iuto au agony of grief which she bad not yet ex perienced. 'He will go on from one reckless deed to another till at length he will be convicted and condemned to penal servitude,' she thought with hopeless despair. But we are somewhat anticipating. Tho final tour de force of which she believed Godfrey Byng to be guilty did not take place till an in cident had occurred of which ehe never lost the remembrance. A cloudy autumn day had been succeeded by a atill gloomier evening, but; Margaret did not forego her usual short solitary walk. To-night she tool: her way through the wood, on the skirts of which the head keeper at Oak Park had encountered the dreaded Jim Hills only ft day or two ago. Deliberately this girl (she was but tbreeand twenty) sought to meet the reputed terror of the neighborhood. 'Let me but meet him and -I will end this,' sho said pitifully to herself, as she went through the darkening copse. 'Ho will go if I insist on it and if I give him tho means, and then, then, I must forget him, and ho must forget me.' Even yet she did not realise that she loved him so well that for her there -could be no for getfulnesB. She met no one but a village child, belated and hungry, as she passed under the darkening trees. Margaret stood still, casting anxious glances hither and thither. 'Ho will not come,' was her thought. ' And yet why does ho linger, if it is not to find me .alone at some unguarded moment ? Why did he venture all into this place, where some might recognise him?' Then she stood still, and a strange feeling of longing, mingled with terror, stole over her as she distinguished a man seated on the gnarled roots of a tree. 'Is it he?' was the swift question which rushed to her brain. She went quickly towards the figure, who neither moved nor looked up. A basket lay at hiB feet, and there was weariness and misfor tune in his air. Opposite to him tbo heiress stopped, but now her overpowering emotion silenced her, for she perceived that here indeed was the man she sought, Godfrey Byng. For the space of half a minute they remained thus, she trying to articulate, and he with a volcano raging in his breast; then she mastered herself and said, panting out the word: ?'Godfrey I' 'What!' cried he, leaping to his feet; 'you are not afraid of me, and you hare recognised me, too.' She put up her hand ; he seized it passion ately. 'Was it generous -of you?' Bhe gasped, *' to torture me, to trouble your friend, Mr. Olford, with tliroata of suicide, only to cover your designs on little Basil Long? Know, tlien, that I despise such conduct ; that I condemn myself for not denouncing you.' 'By heaven, Margaret, I never thought when I sent you my farewell through Reginald Olford, that I should see another sunrise. But I was knocked down, by a van, rendered senseless, and taken to a hospital, when I was on my way to do the fatal deed. Of course, I had removed everything which could lead to a recognition of my identity ; and in the hospital I was nursed back to life, when thoughts of you recurred with force enough to alter my resolve. I was offered temporary employment at a shop— a stationer's — and there saw old Lawford's advertisement for an underkeeper. It was near you ; I should sometimes catch a glimpse of you as you drove or rode ; I wrote my own testimonials and meant to do my work honestly. And so I did, earning every penny of my wages till I was accused of being a child stealer. Did you, too, believe I was guilty of tins?' 'I did,' she answered, trembling violently, ' but when I bear your voice, when I listen to your strong denial, my heart is lightened of an overpowering load. Oh, Godfrey, if you are indeed blameless in this thing it seems to me that I can go on living and ask you to— to let the next two or three years give me &uoh; proofs of your old life being thrown behind you, that — that we need not be parted, you and I, for ever.-' For answer ho drew her towards him and kis-E-?d her cheek. 'I will throw the old life utterly behind me for your sake,''' ho said', fervently. 'But all the same the opportunity for happiness with you is gone. What right should I have to link your name to mine — to mine !— that of a suspected murderer, reputed suicide, a known gambler, and a man ' criblc de defctes !' You yourself might refuse to believe in my love if I did so, and grow to think that every word of affection I uttered was prompted by a love for your gold. And then, perchance, 1 should realiy do that which I was oace mad enough to have contemplated — take my own life !' ' Godfrey !' Bhe rejoined, clinging to him, 'You are breaking my heart over again. See !' (tremblingly producing a cheque) ' I have made this out for a thousand pounds. With this you cau travel for a couple of years, come back to me at the end of that time and your debts shall be paid, nor will we ever think of the past. What is gold between those who love one another ? I havo enough, eveu if it is decided that my sister Susan had heirs aud that Thorpeleigh Court must be sold.' 'My own dear Jove!' breathed he, kissing her fondly. ' Have I not shown you, how ever, that that can never be ? What ! Shall I repay your affection by giving you a t»i'aished name — a load of debt V At any rate I am not worthless enough for that, Margaret. And, dearest, 1 must refuse your offered gift.'' He kissed the lingers which still held the cheque. 'Awake at last to my own miserable folly I shall expect the rest of my existence to be passed in work and in expiation of that folly. 1 lingered here solely to exchange with you a last farewell, feeling certain that you had recognised me, and now I shall work my pas sage out in Borne Australian -bound ship. Thence I Bhall write to my old uncle, and whatever he leaves me I shalldevotetothesettle ment of my debts, working hard all tho rest of fy days to earn a few sheep and gain some ling iu the wool trade. Of course it may all come to nothing, these plans of mine, but if effort and iron resolution can succeed then, will I. Margaret, you are an angel of goodness and forgiveness, but I cannot trade on your goodness.' Then she flung herself on his breast, weep ing, vainly entreating him to relent. ' Without money how will you even make a start ?' she said. 'I shall have money to start with — just a little,' he answered. 'I have thought that out. Farewell, dearest. I take with me the consolation of your words.' ' Godfrey, promise to write to me; promise to let me know where a letter will find you,' she said. 'You shall know; after I have landed in Australia. And now, indeed, farewell, fare well 1' He held her for a moment in his arms, and she sobbed as if her heart would break; then, with a last caress, tie plunged into the undergrowth surrounding them, for steps were audibly approaching. As for Margaret she went home by a sido path, and remained in her own apartments all that evening on the plea of over-fatigue, but there was more life in her eyes and iu her step than had b?en for many a day. She said to herself that she might now look forward. Chapter XIL— The Ruins. It was the very next day after this strange encounter that the incident occurred before alluded to, which roused to the keenest pitch the terrors of the inhabitants of the hitherto peaceful neighborhood. The beautiful property named 'The Ruins' was situated about four miles from Thorpe leigh Court, and uow belonged to the father of Reginald Olford, the latter being the young man to whom Godfrey Byng had announced his intention of committing suicide. There waB not a residence for mi lea round kept in more perfect order than ' The Ruins' — the ruins proper, however, being about a mile distant from the dwelliug, and stretching over an angle of the park, within which they were enclosed. The broken, grey, and mullioned windows, liie chattered arches and ruined gateways spoke as to the former grandeur and antiquity of the place ; nor was Mr. Olford, senior, a little proud to possess in his demesne such striking remains cf tho ancient fortunes of an old family. When the moon shone over the grey walls and 'ivy-mantled towers,' the ruins were very imposing and eerie. It is needless to say that they owned their own ghost ; and if ever ghost had a right to make people uncorufort ablo tho spirit haunting this place might be pardoned for so doing. In point of fact he had been treated unfairly and was continually demanding reparation, which, as years passed on, alas, he still failed to obtain. In revenge ho haunted the place, as the country folk be lieved, and none among them would pass near tho decaying building after nightfall. The present owner had purchased the place before he knew tho story connected with it, and it certainly made him very uncomfortable when it was related to him. But the deed was done, the purchase completed, and he had taken possession of tho property some six months when he heard the tale, wliich was on this wise— A certain Sir Godfrey Byng (quite a recent ancestor of the Godfrey Byng who figures in this narrative) bad died- cbildless, bequeath ing all the funds belonging to him at the time of his death to ' bis cousin and kinsman, Godfrey Byng.' The poor gentleman had met with a serious accident in the hunting field, and had not much time in which to dis pose of his possessions, so that a solicitor from tho town near at hand, instead of the family legal adviser, was hastily summoned to the dying man, and the latter dictated to him— notwithstanding the pain he was in— tho manner in which bis wealth was to be disposed of. At that time the Godfrey Byng of the present narrative was but ten years Of age, and knew nothing of what had happened to affect his future. , But his relatives rejoiced in; the boy's prospects, for old Sir Godfrey had died very rich; and no less a sum than eighty' thousand pounds in hard cash would fall by and by to young Godfrey's share. It was to accumulate till ho was of age.- ? ? ? But in tho midst of these great expectations — that is to say when the heir was nearly 14 and at Eton— another Godfrey Byng rose up and ciaimed tho wealth which undoubtedly had been inteudod for the boy then at school. This other Godfrey.bad appeared from New York (where lie had settled some years pre viously), and ho had no difficulty in proving that he, too, was 'a kinsman and -cousin' of old Sir Godfrey. The latter, he declared, had meant him to be the recipient of the £80,000 with the accumulated interest, and in terrible consternation tho relatives of the Eton boy perceived that tho newcomer would probably establish his claim. For, as we have seen, our Godfrey had another baptismal name— 'Godfrey Ronald' — and this second name had not been inserted in tho too hurriedly written will. It .was the deceased Sir Godfrey who had remembered in his dying moments that there might bo trouble concerning the omission, which he earnestly desired to rectify. The solicitor had gone home ; it was 2 o'clock in the moruiug ; Sir Godfrey's strength was ebbing fast. With his failing breath tho dying man appealed to those about him to write a state ment to the effect that by the Godfrey Byng mentioned iu his will he intended to designate bis youug cousin, Godfrey Ronald Byng, but that the haste with which the bequest had been made, together with the physical pain he was enduring, had occasioned the omission of the second baptismal name, Ronald. The medical man present instantly drew up tho statement, and hardly had Sir Godfrey appended his signature when he became un conscious, aud soon afterwards expired in the beautiful old mansion which he owned and to which he had been carried. Relatives who had been telegraphed for arrived soon afterwards, as did also the solicitor who had drawn up the will, bis opinion being unhesitatingly given lliafc the explanatory letter, duly attested, would obviate all danger of the American cousin succeeding in establish ing any claim. This precious attestation as to the testator's intentions was then placed in a small tin box, aud was confided in the presence of those assembled to the hands of the solicitor. It was lato when the latter left the house; a cold moon was shining aud a brisk wind blowing. His way lay through the park, the path running close by the ruins, whose crumbling archways and dim gateways wore such a -pic- turesque appearance that the lawyer paused, leaning over a wall and gazed at the black shadows contrasted with the white moonlight. The solitude was complete, tho beauty of the ruins enchanting. In the still, fresh, early morning a clock struck 3. What followed exactly the lawyer could not describe, for he was suddenly struck from behind and fell, rolling down the slope and losing consciousness from the force of the blow. When he recovered the moonlight was still playing on the ancient gateways and arches, but the shadows were not quite thrown across the same angles, for nearly an hour had elapsed since no had fainted. He had raised himself with difficulty and then felt for his watcli. It was gone, as well as the money he had had with him ; also his dia mond ring and, a'as, the small case containing the dead Sir Godfrey's explanation of his last wishes. It was at once recognised that the loss of the deed was a serious one. Some reasouable hope, however, was cherished of recovering it ; for the thief could hardly have been cognisant of its existence, and the case might have clattered down among the ruins, which diligent search might reveal. If it was not discovered, however, then would that other Godfrey Byng, not intended to benefit by the request, be able to claim? There were witnesses who could make oath as to the testator's request during his last moments ; would such testimony have weight sufficient to set aside the legal technicality of the point? He felt unable to satisfy his doubt— a couvt of law must decide that. It was an unfortunate occurrence. Cold and shaken though he was, besides having received some bad bruises, he was early at the spot by daylight, accompanied by two police officers. Very diligent search was made over a, wide area of the ruius, for if the tin case liad struck the wall it might have rebounded to a good distance and be far from the spot where it had escaped his hold. They searched then in seemingly impossible places for the box, and it was many days before the effort to discover it was abandoned. At reward was then offered for its restoration with the contents intact, and a free pardon to the thief. But this, too, failed in effect. Moreover, the story became known far and wide. It was after this that The Ruins were reported to be hiunted. Years passed on and in course of time the two witnesses to Sir Godfrey's signature of the important letter he had dictated died, and then it was that Godfrey Byng, of New York, put in his claim and made it good. He succeeded in obtaining legal judgment in his favor, and at the expiration of the remaining six years it was he, and not tho Godfrey Ronald Byng we have read of here, to whom the money was awarded. Perhaps had this grievous disappointment never fallen to his lot the mtu who loved Miss Thorpeleigh would have grown up less reckless and prone to despair. The remem brance of his loss overshadowed his last years at school and college, and gradually he had taken to bettiug on horses, losing — winning— losing: with the fatal result of getting into bad habits and falling into debt, till here he was— as we have seen— virtually an outcast, driven to escape his creditors and his troubles by a resolve to take his own life, and then by hiding himself in a menial capacity. Once more cir cumstances hod ousted him from the poor employment he had found and he was adrift without a friend, since he could not accept Margaret and was without a character. But in all his ways one consolation remained to him — no one, save Margaret, suspected his identity with the presumed suicide, Godfrey Byng. When Margaret returned to .her magnificent residence brokenhearted, yet with hope linger ing in her crushed life, she took a new reso lution ; and this resolve would have saved her but for that new and Btrange occurrence which roused the indignation of all the county, and of which we Bhall hear presently. She had thought that by-and- bye^a year hence, per haps — Godfrey would write to tier, and then, come what might, she would bring him back. Overcome by the constancy of her affection, he would consent to all her wishes, and they would begin together a new life, while she would be the happiest woman under the sun. So she reasoned, not dreaming of the further blow which was to falL Meantime Emmie, Leigh Furrowes, and Martin, now that the excitement they had undergone had passed off and they^ had to meet the consequences of their midnight escapade, felt restless and dispirited. For not one of them dreamed of esoaping the measure which would be severally dealt out to them. It was just before the return of Martin's father and mother that Mr. Olford, senior, owner of The Ruins, returned one warm night in early autumn from town. On such occasions he made a point of sending any luggage home by the road, while he walked across hie own park by a shorter route. ' Nobody shall say that I fear to court the ghost of poor Sir God frey,' ho .would remark, 'and in time I hope tomake some impression on the foolish rustics here,*. But he took care never to' carry money ? . or his watch; for though he did not dread ?% ghostly visitants, be was awaro that earthly . « oues might lurk, with no good intent, behind the ruined walls he had to pass. Still, so many years hod now elapsed since the lawyer, Mr. Leyton, had been knocked down and robbed that the fear of the recur rence of such a thing had long rince died away. In the course of twenty years one does forget. Not imagining danger of any kind, Mr. Olford came on at an easy pace. The Ruins, ever majestic and beautiful, were never more imposing than they were in this soft light. Ha was pleased anew to feel that they were his own and that he could leave them to his son Reginald after him. Accordingly hiB eyes -: rested on the clustering ivy and the fretwork of stone, the clear sky showing through the ? framework of the arches. ? Then all at once a slight noise struck his car, ' and in a moment he found himself tripped up, helpless, and he knew that two men wore ;; standing over him. ; ' I have no money with me,' said he, pre- j . serving his presence of mind. 'None — or you ; '? should have it as the price of my freedom.' *, '? ' That doesn't matter,' said one of bis as- ? s.iilants hurriedly. 'You shall be free and _Lj without harm if you will sign your name, bub ™ wo must carry you to a place of safety.' '? ' What is it you want me to sign? I don't j sign without knowing, ' eaid the captured .; gentlemen resolutely, silently registering a vow ; never more to pass Ttie Ruins alone and at - nightfall. 'Time presses, bo give heed,' replied the j foremost ronn. 'What you have to sign is a cheque for a thousand pounds payable to ;; James Hills. You've heard of Jim Hills, 3 surely *' ' And what if I do not sign ?' returned Mr. ^ Olford in much consternation. 'Why, then,' with a disagreeable laugh, ' you will not leave the Ruins alive. Choose, ,j but do not bo too long about it.' And the fellow produced a revolver. It was all very well to say 'choose,' but actually the pinioned gentleman bad no choice, and of this he was aware. ' And supposing that I sign— what then?' asked he, rightly Burmising that this un scrupulous thief would hardly release him till the cheque had been converted into gold. ' In adopting that wise course you will be made as comfortable as circumstances permit through the night and you will bo released as ^ early as possible to- morrow morning. Can you i expect more ?' Air. Olford reflected. 'I will give you three minutes,' 6aid his captor. 'And you are the man who figured as tea underkceper at Oak Park?' asked the gentle- : man, whose uncomfortable reflections may be r easily surmised. : 'The very same. You see, if I had made a : successful capture of Lord Basil I should not be driven to this extremity.' 'You did not begin life as an under-keeper, I suspect, Mr. Hills?' added Mr. Olford. ' No, I confess that was a new experience to '.i me,' said the other with the utmost tang froid. '} 'But now, mv dear sir, hard as you find it to choose between death and parting with a thousand pounds that choice you must make , now on the instant.' ''I suppose I must sign the cheque,' re plied Reginald's father slowly. ' How is it to be done ?' 'VeryeaBily: the cheque only needs your signature as I nave taken the precaution to procure a leaf from your cheque-book a good while since in case of emergencies. My con federate and I will now conduct you to your quarters for the night. Remember that the -4 least attempt at a cry or to escape sees you a *? dead man. We shall cover you with a re*, | volver during the short transit from this spot \ to your resting-place.' Resistance being impossible, the unfortu- | nate gentleman admitted with patience and J the strap which bound his legs being released 1 he was hurried forward, his eyes being ?: ; bandaged. 'Be ready to sign as soon as I give tho word,' was the next sentence addressed to him. Suddenly he was pulled up, his eyes were unbandaged, a light was struck, and ho saw that he was in an underground part of tho Ruins, the loneliest amid the lonely place. 'Sign!' repeated the man who called him- - self Jim Hills. :, One hand was released from the leathern ^ thong which bound it as this command was uttered. 'Take care! Your hand shakes; thero must be no dispute about the signature when this is presented at the bank, -Bill, give tho gentleman some wine; that will give him mri nerve.' t ' I will manage to do it firmly without the wino, thank you,' the poor gentleman hastened J to say. ' Ha ! You are afraid the wine is drugged. I will drink of it to reassure you. And pouring out half a tumbler full from a flagon the mis creant tossed it off. Mr. Olford accepted the next draught offered him and signed the cheque in his usual handwriting. His band was then at once again secured in the leathern strap and the light extinguished. - ' You will now' be treated with all courtesy compatible without our position,' said the man who had been spokesman all through. , : 'Of course these ruins will be searched presently, .therefore we are compelled to leave tbeni 'before suspicion is aroused. Mind, no word ; no attempt to escape, and all will be well— otherwise do not expect to see home again.' \ Then he was once more blindfolded and led over the uneven ground, whither he was un able to determine. (To be continued.) 