The Gem Finders of Arnheims Land An Australian Story By Captain Lacie (Copyrighted) SYNOPSIS. The prologue introduces the render to a couvict scene on the Swan River, West Aus- tralia, in the year 1812, when one of the felons (Number Two-ninety- eight), kills Overseer Weld and escapes. Part I. shows the pearl fishing vessel, Lucinda, caught in a cyclone near Cambridge Gulf, North-west Australia, in 1865. Captain Preston runs the craft into the Gulf for shelter, and anchors in the Victoria River. On making a survey of the district, a camp of blacks is seen, and a white man noticed amongst them, whom they determine to rescue. The attempt fails, but a rug worn by the mysterious stranger is secured. On examina- tion there is found concealed in it gold, precious stones, and a journal signed Ludwig Leichhardt. The diary is read, and shows that the writer must have undergone great sufferings from hunger and thirst. Three days later the Luciuda puts to sea. During the night the Malays mutiny and throw Bar- rows overboard. They attack Preston in the cabin, but he shoots four of them, and the others, with the exception of the leader, Ala, leave in the long boat. Going on deck Pres- ton is attacked by the Malay and stabbed, but the captain kills him and then falls unconscious. The now derelict schooner is sighted by an In- dian merchant vessel and taken on to Shark Bay, West Australia, Preston's life being saved. On the trip two seamen, named Elms and Fairleigh, who are nursing the injured man, attempt to steal the gems in the cabin, but are frustrated by Dr. Rennie. When the trading vessel leaves for Melbourne the gems are sent on for sale, while the Lucinda, with Preston, remains at Shark Bay. It is found that the two seamen, Elms and Fairleigh, have deserted from the merchant vessel, and they board the Lucinda during the night to seize the precious stones. Foiled in that, they discover Leich- hardt's diary, and Fairleigh gets off with it, Elms being killed by Sergeant Wills. The former is pursued, but the quest is unsuccess- ful, and a few weeks later Preston's expedition go to Cambridge Gulf to begin the search for the gems. In the vicinity they observe a strange-looking peak, and, exploring it, are greatly mystified with the curious discoveries made. The doings of the escapee, Fairleigh, are now explained. The ruffian is rescued by a pearling vessel named the Bernier, partly owned by Captain Breton, to whom Fairleigh tells his story, and the two decide to fit out an expedition and search for the treasure. This idea is carried into effect, and the Bernier sails for Cambridge Gulf with a party of eight. PART XI. " Have you got a chart of Cambridge Gulf ?" Degraves asked. " Oh yes. I've got the latest obtainable, but it is not very accurate, I suppose," Breton replied. The chart was spread out, whilst Fair- leigh, Breton, and Degraves examined it. " Now which of these rivers will we take ?" Fairleigh asked, pointing to the Ord and the Victoria. The argument was long and keen over the point. Fairleigh was in favor of the Ord, whilst his two companions upheld the Vic- toria route. Finally, the men on deck were called down, and the majority being in favor of the Victoria route, it was adopted as the best. Kent, one of the men selected by Degraves, stated that two years pre- viously he had been in the Gulf, and made a trip of three or four miles up the Victoria River. He spoke so highly of it that his recommendation went far to turn the tide of opinion against Fairleigh. They were yet a full ten day's sail from the mouth of the river, so that there was plenty of time for them to change their minds were they so disposed. The long distance from Shark Bay to Cambridge Gulf was traversed with- out mishap, and on the 16th of March, the mouth of the Victoria was sighted. Kent, who know the navigation to some extent, was entrusted with the steering, and no difficulty was experienced in sailing into the stream. As night fell, anchor was cast, and a strict watch kept. The locality had the undeserved reputation of being infested by dangerous blacks, but not the slightest sign could be detected during the hours of dark- ness to support such an opinion. No gleam of aboriginal camp fire was to be seen, and the whole district appeared to be a barren solitude, so far as human presence was con- cerned. At daylight all hands were astir and eager to get away. The breeze was scarcely perceptible, but just sufficient to move the schooner lazily. Two boats were put out to tow, and under the in- fluence of these better progress was made. Although no efforts were spared, not more than seven miles were covered that day, yet this was not disappointing. A heavy tropi- cal shower, which must recently have fallen in the ranges, caused the current to be stronger than usual, and this retarded the navigators. No work was done during the night, except to catch some fish, which were plentiful in the river The bushmen well knew how acceptable these would be as an article of diet if salted, and a large barrel was so treated. On the morning of the second day a high peak was observed, but as it lay to the north east, and, conse- quently, not on their line of march, little notice was taken of it. It was from this peak that Preston and Barrows had seen the blacks' camp, and ultimately found the white man amongst them. Shortly after noon on the fourth day the further pro- gress of the Bernier was effectually checked a waterfall about in height. A considerable stream of water toppled over a rocky ledge, and formed below a magnificent, basin into which the Bernier floated. " This seems to be our limit unless we take to the boats," Fairleigh observed. There was no doubt of this, and it was decided to make a survey of the country be- yond. Half-a-dozen of the men landed, and proceeded ahead for some five miles. The stream was still fordable, but as it was quite impossible to get the Bernier into the upper reaches, there was nothing for it but to make the main camp where the schooner lay. It was mutually agreed that Lynch and M'Donald should remain in charge of the vessel whilst the others pushed on. One section argued in favor of taking two boats, and going as far as possible by water, but as three pack horses had been brought, the majority thought this would be needless. The boats would have to be abandoned at some point, and perhaps, whilst the owners were away, the blacks would steal them. The future course of travel having thus been agreed on, all hands set themselves to work on the 20th of March, 1866, to make the schooner secure from floods or abori- ginals. The large basin in which the Bernier lay form an excellent shelter. It was more than half a mile in diameter, and even in times of flood would be a safe haven. A strong cable was secured to the stump of a once huge tree, and the craft was allowed to float about fifty feet from the west bank of the stream. Canvas had been brought from Fremantle to make awings, which secured the deck and tides from the burning rays of the sun which in summer beat down with great fury and within a week all was snug. It will be ncccssary now for the reader to return in spirit, if not in body, to the plateau of ' Haunted Peak,' the name which Preston and his companions had tacitly agreed to give the strange forma- tion of granite on which they had seen such remarkable things. As the huge python swept with a loud rustling and hissing into the pass, the party stood in a state of physical paralysis. It was only for a few moments, however, as Wills, jumping forward to the mouth of the entrance, rose his rifle at the monster serpent. The ball buried itself in the back of the reptile, but appeared to do it very little injury. It lashed itself for a moment or two against the rocky sides, and then, with louder hissing, resumed its course. One after another the men fired at the ser- pent, and every bullet struck it. From its position, none of then took fatal effect, and the only result seemed to be to lash the python into a state of fury. Instead of gliding down it remained almost stationery, as if determined to block the only avenue of escape which the party had. " We must end this somehow lads," Cap- tain Preston said us he busied himself load- ing the rifle. Another volley was poured into the pas- sage, but it only added to the fearful con- tortions of the serpent, and now it became evident that one of the bullets must have broken the reptile's back. In any other position this would have been a most desir- able thing, but in the pass it was very dif- ferent. With a broken back the reptile could not move forward, and it thus blocked the passage. The only possible course to adopt was for one of the party to make his way into the rocky gorge as near as it was safe to go, and try to shoot the huge snake in the head. Unless this were done, they might have to wait a week or a month for the serpent to die, and whilst alive, no human being could pass over it with safety. It must have measured fully thirty feet in length, and its girth was extraordinary even for such a length. Each man knew exactly what was required, but for a minute or two none volunteered the dangerous duty. At last Preston said : " I will go in and try to got a shot at its head. That is our only chance." Barrows, who was behind the group, came forward at this, and added— " I will follow and hand you another rifle when you discharge yours." This appeared to be a good idea, and it was at once acted on. Going into the pass as far as he thought safe, the captain of the Lucinda tried to get a shot at the monster's head. At first sight this seemed to be easy. The reptile had fully 15ft. of its head and body upreared against the side of the great rock, but the bad light and the sinuous movements made it almost impossible to take accurate aim. At last Preston fired, and the result was startling. The bullet struck the face of the rock near the reptile, and, glancing off, carried away a small por- tion of the python's head. Maddened with pain, and doubtless startled by the fire-flash and the tremendous report which rever- berated around, the gigantic serpent, by a supreme effort, threw itself backward against Preston, turning a complete somersault in doing so. The weight of the python, and the force with which it came back, threw the captain heavily backwards, and he in turn knocked down Barrows. The latter was not injured, but Preston being more than half stunned, lay under the writhing mass of the snake powerless to move. Seizing one of the captain's arms, Barows managed to drag him from under the hideous incubus. The stunned man was covered with the blood which flowed from the reptile, and at first it appeared to the spectators as if he must be seriously wounded. This was not so, however, and being taken out on the plateau he soon recovered. The snake, by the topsy-turvey movement it made, only hastened its death. The head was now facing the firing party at the entrance to the passage, and little difficulty was experienced in riddling the monster's head with bullets. When it was considered safe to pass, the men gingerly stepped along the quivering snake, but they did not breathe with relief until they reached the bottom of the pass. Every moment they expected to be con- fronted with another monster reptile, and in the place such a contingency was not to their liking. It was after 4 o'clock when they got to the base of the peak, and all agreed to return to the Lucinda for the night. " I don't feel like doing anything more to day," Preston said. " Ugh ! I can feel that snake yet. I once walked on a ' 'gater' when crossing the shallow entrance of a river, but the sensation was nothing to what I have just gone through." " I vote we go back," chimed in Doctor Rennie," " but I am decidedly of opinion that we should come here again to-morrow and complete our survey. There is some- thing strange about this place, and if possible we should find it out." This opinion was shared by all the other members of the party, and was acted on. The intervening jungle was soon re-traversed and the Lucinda reached, when those left behind were treated to an account of the day's adventures. " I am just as glad you left me behind," Field remarked to the doctor, who narrated to him what had occurred. Shortly after daylight the following morn- ing a start was again made. As it was known blacks were in the neighborhood they agreed that, as before, Dixon and Field should remain to guard the Lucinda, and these were in no way averse to the arrange- ment. The jungle was passed on this occasion without any mishap, and the foot of the Peak was soon reached. On Rennie's advice it was agreed to begin idle work of exploration on the last side. This was the most accessible and the peculiar appearances of the vicinity seemed to indicate that a discovery might be looked for in that direc- tion, more so than in the other places. There was a dense jungle of undergrowth in the gully which lay at the base of the cliff, but the timber did not quite extend to the rocky wall. This cleared space would permit the firearms to be used if necessary and that was an important point with the explorers. If the rugged-looking eminence were peopled by hidden aboriginals they might prove dangerous adversaries from the con- cealments of the rocks, and it was essentially necessary that the white men should avoid injury. The presence of Dr. Rennie was an acquisition if sickness or wounds afflicted any of the party, but every man was required for some duty or other, and none could be spared. If only one met with a serious mishap it would mean the loss of another's services, and with the few which composed the party that would be a serious lessening of strength. With these views in their minds, it was little wonder that extreme caution was the policy of all, and in making the venture now in progress Captain Preston knew a risk was being run. After passing through the jungle and getting near the great face of rock, the skipper of the Lucinda and Rennie made a careful survey of the surroundings, but nothing was seen to give alarm. The place was as silent as if no life existed in the neighborhood. Neither birds or animals could be heard or seen, and this fact gave a weird impression to the surroundings. There must be some potent cause for it as in the neighborhood there were numerous birds, and the ridges half a mile distant swarmed with wallaby. Of course, if natives were secreted in the peak they might have scared away other forms of animal life, and the fact strengthened the suspicion formed by the party with the exception of Barrows. He was still under the idea the spot was taboo to the blacks, in spite of what the captain's telescope had revealed. Moving cautiously along the base of the cliff a jutting point was reached which shut off the eastern slope. It was densely clothed with beautiful creepers and formed a welcome relief to the bare rocks around. Passing around it, the party came in front of the great cliff, which they were going to explore. On this the rays of the morning sun were streaming in golden splendour, and were reflected back from the glistening granite in prismatic hues. Every nook and cranny on that side were lighted up by the penetrating sunbeams, and standing some distance back the members of the party were enabled to see far into deep crevasses. In some instances those were of peculiar- shape and contour, but they all appeared un approachable except by means of ladders and ropes. For several hours the quest was main- tained, the party following the course of the sun. At noon they had approached the north western angle, and at that place the walls rose up sheer in a face of solid granite. Preston was particularly curious about this point, as it was near where he had seen the two aboriginals disappear. As on the pre- vious occasion, there did not seem to be the slightest break in the face, and gradually the seekers passed on. The captain was walking close to the face of the rock in a sort of disappointed mood, when suddenly his eye caught something on the face which arrested him at once. It appeared as if there was a block of stone fitted in to the huge cliff. Calling to his companions who were a short distance ahead, he stooped and picked up a piece of stone which lay at hand. Striking the suspicious place, he was sensible that it gave back a hollow sound, and just as his wondering comrades returned he repeated the stroke. This time there was no mis- taking the fact that an aperture existed. Giving two more vigorous blows, a piece of granite about 2ft. 6in. square fell back, re- vealing a dark passage. Jumping to one side, Preston lifted his rifle as if in fear that an attack would be made from within, but it might have been the entrance to a vault so far as such a result followed. All was silent as the grave, but the air which came out was not so fetid as one would expect from such a place. After a few moments, Rennie leaned into the aper- ture, and when his eyes became accustomed to the gloom, he said : " Yes, we have got torches, and must explore this place. It is somewhat risky, as we may get a spear thrust or two, but I am determined to explore the place," said Preston. Some rough torches had heen improvised the previous night in anticipation of a cavern search, and one of these being lighted it was held into the opening. A couple of feet below was a solid floor of rock, and without hesitation Preston got through the opening and stood on the floor. The piece of granite which concealed the entrance had fallen down on a bed of dried grass and leaves, evidently put there to prevent it being broken. This was ample confirmation that the place was used by the blacks as a shelter or retreat. One after the other all five men got into the passage, and the blaze of the united torches gave a brilliant though somewhat flickering light, some distance ahead. The passage was fully 20 feet high, by a dozen in breadth, and for more than 100 feet it ran in a due easterly direction into the hill. At the end it branched into several smaller avenues, and seeing a glimmer of light at the end of one of these, it was followed. Each man kept a rifle ready for instant action, and as they also carried two pistols and a short sword, they were afraid of nothing save a surprise. Preston, who was leading, was 10 or 12 feet from the doctor, and as the captain of the Lucinda reached the end of the branching passage he stopped as quickly as if he saw a ghost, and then retreated two or three paces. Instantly every man had his rifle to his shoulder, ex- pecting an attack, but it came not. " What is the matter ?" Rennie asked in a hoarse whisper, as Preston turned to him with a face on which fear was clearly written. " Go and look," was the only answer vouchsafed. " Blacks ?" queried the doctor. " Devils, I think," came the not re- assuring response. For a few moments Rennie thought his friend's mind must be unhinged, but as Barrows came to his side he took his arm, and the two men went forward, closely fol- lowed by Preston and the others. In such a dim mysterious place it was not to be wondered that something akin to awe, if not to fear, should easily seize upon men, and assuredly it had on the exploring party. As the doctor and Barrows reached the end of the rocky ledge which shut out their vision from the spot where the gleam of light shone, they beheld one of the most extra- ordinary sights that had ever crossed their vision. A huge amphitheatre extended round, giving a floor space of an acre. The lofty walls shot up sheer for fully 100 feet, and the concave roof which vaulted over seemed to be hung with silvery lights. In four places a stream of bright light shot through the roof and threw quite a radiance around. From different parts of the circular wall parti-colored reflections came, showing that the substance of which it was composed must be of various colors and strata. It was not this, however, which caused the silent spectators to gaze as if spell-bound at the spectacle before them. It was magni- ficent, but the sight which rivetted their eyes was horrible. From every part of the wall which fronted them uncouth and frightful visages, half human, half devilish, glared down upon them, and in the queer light, and from the glistening stone, it almost seemed as if they were imbued with life. In some places the figures of gigantic animals, monstrous in their aspect and shape, loomed out of the rock, and the whole place at first sight had the appearance of a super- natural Chamber of Horrors. (To be continued) 