NOTES FROM THE OTHEE CONFERENCES. ? ? SOUTH AUSTRALIA. REV. J. BERRY'S. OPENING SPEECH. (President of the Wesley an Conference.) . The President delivered his opening address as follows : — Beloved Brethren of the Primitive Methodist and Bible Christian Churches —We thank you for accepting our invi tation to meet with us to-day, and in the name of our common Lord we bid you welcome. To this hour we have looked forward, sometimes with eager hope, sometimes with trembling solici tude, but always with the belief that sooner or later it muBt come. (Hear, hear.) It has come now, and we bless God together that we have lived to see it. (Hear, hear.) 3?or myself I feel that the* honour of presiding over this gathering is the crowning mercy of my life, a mercy neither merited nor ex pected, but for which I am deeply grate ful to the God of all grace. In speaking {? thus of our gathering I would not over state its signifiance. 'We are not yet necessarily committed to union. We are taking but one Btep further in that direction. (Hear, hear.) We are com mitted to union only if we find it practi cable, and we meet to-day to look at the difficulties which confront us, and to consider how we can best overcome them. Hitherto we have discussed those diffi culties apart; to-day we confer upon them as one body. What these diffi culties are we shall consider directly. Permit me to say now that we shall neither ignore nor magnify them, but look them in the face in the spirit of men who believe in the guidance and ! providence and the omnipotence of God, and who believe that if God has led us to the margin of the sea He will open a path by which we may safely cross. Nor, if we see our way to union, are we here to unduly hasten it. The time for consummation may be. on the near or the further side ot the line which divides -the nineteenth century from the twenty ieth. We do not know. It is the will of God we want to know and do, not our will; but if the hour of union is delayed we can agree upon friendly methods of co-operation in the mean time that will lessen the difficulties and promote a feeling of brotherly love. (Hear, hear.) I now proceed to touch upon some difficulties which we shall have to consider.. One thing is perfect ly clear, that these difficulties are not primary but only of secondary impor tonce. They do not touch questions of doctrine — here we are in absolute agree ment. (Cheers.) God has mercifully preserved every division of our divided Methodism from tampering or trifling with any of the great doctrines enshrined in the New Testament and defiued by our lounder when Methodism was first constituted. It is said that a scarlet thread runs through all the cordage of the British navy. There is a scarlet thread entwined with the doctrines of universal Methodism, dyed in atoning blood, and binding us in common agree ment to proclaim salvation for all men — salvation present, free, conscious, and full. (Hear, hear.) Much as we deplore unnecessary division, we would divide again to-morrow rather than yield one jot or tittle of the faith received from .flUiufathera^- .^Gheere.) A-gDin we hsve no difficulties as to polity. (Hear, hear.) The basis of union prepared by the General Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church has been accepted in every detail by all the Conferences here, and we have the unspeakable advantage of working not towards such a basis, but from it. (Hear, hear.) Nor do we in seeking to unite in any way reflect upon the existence in the past of any one of the three churches. We believe that each of these churches were providen tially called into existence. The approv ing seal of God has rested upon all alike. The world would have been poorer to-day without any of them. Each has had its own testimony to bear and its special adaption to some need of our time. But we believe that secondary differences are also temporary, and that a time comes when any one wing of the Church may frankly and with perfect self-respect, confess that the need of its separate existence has ceased, and that God can be better served by the union of its forces with another Church. (CheerB.) Such a union does not mean retreat but progress. It is not defeat but victory. (Cheers.) Everything that is important in the three bodies is now common to all. Concessions that the founders of the minor bodies once vainly sought have since been adopted by the parent body, and the time has come when thoBe who are divided may be restored to one another without doing violence to conscience. The same sense of duty which caused our separations in the past now demands that if possible we end them.. (Hear, hear.) The ques tions we now have to consider are all questions of administration. They may be summarized aB follows : — The settle ment of our properties upon a common deed. Here we shall be helped by the experience of New Zealand, which con tains some of the acutest legal minds in Australasian Methodism. (Hear, hear.) 2\. The adjustment of connexional fund?. This will require a good deal of patient care, and possibly some generosity and self-sacrifice. But when we come to this question we shall not, I believe, find the difficulties to be so insurmount able. One at least of the uniting con ferences has already gone far towards solving the problem for its own mem bers, as will appear when we come to that part of our business. 3. There are difficulties of local Circuit adjust ment. No one pretends that these are few or slight, but not a little evidence already exists that they can be overcome. The very fact of us meeting thus in brotherly confidence will help in their removal. (Hear, hear.) Those who have voted in favour of union know at least the difficulties in their own local ity, and the fact that these are in a majority, not only on the whole but in nearly every part is a strong — I had almost said an unanswerable — assurance that our people believe that the difficul ties are not insuperable. (Hear, hear.) It is wonderful what men can do when they want to— (cheers) — and still more wonderful what Christian men can ac complish when they believe that they ought to make the attempt. (Cheers.) The moment union is a settled thing these difficulties will begin to disappear. (Cheers.) It is possible, however, though not probable, that we may not succeed today in the task that is before us. Should that be the case we shall be the better for having tried. (Hear, hear.) To attempt and fail would be no dishonor, but not to attempt would be a sin. The votes taken during the year show unmistakably that we have the sympathy of the great Methodist public ^7i?h ?????- UBf- while BoinetMng''with1n'our' breast tells us that we have the approval of heaven. For these reasons we are resolved to try to overcome these diffi culties and to go forward. (Cheere.) In every Conference I know there has been an opposing minority. (Hear, hear.) Numbered with this minority are some of the best ministers and laymen our common Methodism knows. (Cheers.) Their opposition has been, in part at least, the result of their loyalty and love for their church. (Cheers.) To that very loyalty and Jove we make our appeal in asking them to help us to sur mount the difficulties which we all see ahead. (Cheers,) This opposition has possibly been intensified by the too ardent ardent advocacy of the union on the part of the majority. We have not any of us been always wise in all the things we have said and written and done. We cannot recall them now. But as Christian gentlemen we can forget and forgive. (Cheers.) Here and now we can dig a deep grave and bury them out of sight. (Cheers.) Hav ing come to a new phase of the union question we shall do well ' to forget the things that are behind.' Hitherto we have had a union and an anti-union party in each Conference. Shall the party lines vanish this morning ? We remain constitutionally the men we are, but let there be, if you like, a ' go fast' and a 'go-slow' division, but fast or slow let. us all go forward. (Cheers.) The Wesleyan Conference has received as its watchword this vear ' Back to the Holy Ghost.'.' Shall we all make this watchword our own? (Cheers.) When the record of thin meeting comes to be written shall it not read, '' They were all of one accord in one place?' (Cheers.) Then the sen tence that follows may be written, too, 'and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost.' (Hear, hear.) What are the difficulties of which I have spoken when compared with those that confronted the early Church? What would the men and women have given for our advantages and opportunities? Yet they marched forward to victory, and so shall we if the holy fire burns in our breasts as it glowed in theirs. The characteristic of that baptism is a spirit of love. Such love will conquer all difficulties within ourselves. We need have little misgiving then about those who are without. A smith who seeks' to weld two pieces of cold iron may hammer until his anvil breaks, and it cannot be done. (Hear, hear.) If one piece is cold and the other hot, his task is still too great. (Hear, hear,) But let both be heated in the fire until each is brought to a white heat, and a few gentle taps would weld them into one. (Cheers.) Brothers, let us ask, plead, wait until the holy fire comes. We shall have less to say about our difficul ties then. (Cheers.) 