IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, By the Popular Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Piibliili'.il by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Go., Ltd. [ALL RIGHT* RESERVED.] CHAPTER ;. THE SPIRIT OF MURDER. The Wingates drove in their own buggy to The Cnase, where they were mrt by Mr Blackett’s policeman, by whom they were escorted over the great house It was a great house, in more ways than one; and Nettie, whoso passion for things English was far greater than that oE which she had accused her husband, walked about with clasped hands aud head thrown back, uttering sighs and “ ohs ” and other sens - less ejaculations, in a state of rapture too profound for words. The hall — the great hall, as it was properly termed — had been left nlino t exactly as it was in what Billy called bis time, and was impressive enough for any thing—especially in the dull light of a threatening storm which had unexpectedly followed upon the bright morning. It was not much unlike a church with a fireplace in it and all the pew3 turned out. There was a screen like a rood-screen at the lower end, dividing it from an outer vestibule ; at the upper the massive staircase, down which Lexio had walked like a princess at her husband’s side, branched into galleries running down the sides. The windows were mullioned aud filled with old glass, partly stained; the floor was of chequered stone, the roof a mass of oak beams, spreading fan-wise in all directions. From the latter—very high up and shadowed— hung banners, beautifully dilapidated. Th re were trophies of arms on the walls, genuinely medkcval; rows upon rows of family portraits, with authentic dates to them, historic and notorious; heraldic insignia on every hand, indisputably testi fying that the Desaillys were an ancient and a noble family. Altogether, there was a fine, solemn, feudal air about tho place, calculated to awe a colonial person seeing it for tho first tiuio. Having been so lately used for the coming-of-aga festivities, dust and cobwebs were not conspicuous; but the air struck cold and had a musty, mouldy taint, causing Nettie to cry “ Pah ! ” and pu. a perfumed handkerchief to her nose. “ It is the very smell of murdered bodies,” she declared, shivering. " How do you know what the smell of murdered bodies is like ? ” her husband asked her. “ Oil, by instinct,” she ropliod. “ It’s the smell of old age,” he said, sniffing and peering about him. “Power above 1 It looks as if it might have been like this for a thousand years.” They opened the shutters of the state drawingroom, which hid been used in Lexie’s honour on tho night Wingate so well remembered—a place of comfortless splendour such as may still be found in certain royal palaces which the changes of fifty years or so have respectfully passed by. Here was desolation again. The floral carpet nnd much of the satiny furniture had been removed, and most of the precious ornaments ; what were left stood shrouded in bags of calico, bulging and shapeless. But the chandeliers, that weighed tons, and the cunning carved work of the sumptuous ceiling and doorways, wer • exposed; so were the panels of tapestry said to he three hundred years old, and the famous pictures that carried history on their faces—faces of Vandyke ladies in their stately and beautiful Heurietta-Maria costumes ; Lely ladies in flowing and form less draperies, kept from flowing away al together by a more taper- fingered hand ; Gainsboroughs, Sir Joshuas, Komneys, with huge heads and little scirves and fichus — Lexie’s noble predecessors in that most select of county families. “ Oh ! ” sighed Nettie Wingate, to all this forsaken beauty, “ what a drawing room I could make of this! Billy, what do you say-? ” But when they went upstairs she was afraid to repeat he suggestion. Here, where the rooms had not been opened for tho coming-of-age guests, tho utterly undomeatic, deserted, hauuted-house look of everything made the thought of the vulgarest Melbourne villa grateful. Any thiug like a homo seemed inconceivable in that forlorn and fusty wilderness, where rats squeaked in daytime, and spiders’ webs, drawn over the heavily leaded win dows, shut wholesome sunshine out. In every room carpets were rolled up, and only the heavy furniture left in place— except in that most interesting room of all at the end of the west wing, identified with Lexie in the past, and with the rope and candle in the present, the place of the mystery which it was the object of their expedition to solve. Here what carpet the moth had left still clung to the floor, and curtains of flowered silk damask, that had been old and faded in her time, still depen ded from the canopy of Lexie’s bed a monumental structure of mahogany that must have been built where it stood—and from tho cornice spanning the bay of the big window, which almost filled one end of the room and was the only light in it. The great wardrobes and presses, the bow legged toilet table, with its oval mirror swinging between tall shafts, the sofa and the escritoire, tho very mattress and pil lows of the vast bed, with the satin quilt drawn over them—everything that she had used during her brief occupancy of the apartment—seemed to have been loft un altered ; and Billy looked at all vith a full heart and eyes that his wife did not care to meet for a few minutes. The rooms that had been Walter’s dressing- room and the nurseries, adjoining each other in the passage outside, communicated with hers By one door only, the only one in the great room, corresponding at the one eud to the only window at the other. The long side walls were unbroken save by the chimney piece, which was tho usual massive struc ture, sixteenth-century woodwork, with ornamentation reaching to the ceiling, the hearth wide and the shaft spacious, giving a far-oif view of a disc of sky. The most casual inspection showed the impossibility of any living thing, save birds, being harboured there. The floor, as Wingate had been informed, had been taken up in various places and put down again, the old carpet now hiding tho scars; the window casements were fastened; and when he went along tho wainscot, rapping sharply on every panel, and standing still to listen for the effect, the souud died immediately, with no hint of inward echo. “We’ve done that,” the constable ob served with a smile. “ There’s nothing there, sir. Solid as a rock.’ ’ “What!” cried AVingate, “do you believe in ghosts, too ? ” “No, sir; but I believe in the evidence of my senses. Those walls don't hide any thing. I’ve proved it.” They were lined from top to bo’ tom with wood panelling, that had been painted white and gilded in places, and was now soiled and tarnished. In five of the panels, three on one side and two on the other, the latter flacking the central chimney-piece, pictures were embedded as in fixed frames. I hey were so old that it was impossible to tell whether, as works of art, they were good or had, for hardly an outline was risible under the varnish, which seemed to be many coats thick. Their blackened hues contrasted oddly with the white paint, suggesting that tho latter was a recent innovation in the chronology of the house, and probably hid the beautiful texture and colour of old oak or other valuable wood, the visitors passed them over with a glance. AVtll,” said Wingate to the constable, " I think that’s all for the present. The place i3 empty now, whatever it may have been last night; the windows are secure, and we will lock the door behind us safely. When we have had something to eat, and gathered together a few things that we may want, we will return hore, and stay in this room till morning. And if you will meet us with the keys, and share our watch, I shall be infinitely obliged to you. Of course I’ll make it well worth your *' Don’t you think, sir,” suggested the constable, “ that it’d bo as well for some body to watch outside as well as in ? That fellow with the rope, that you saw in the garden, wants attending to.” “ Certainly. I mean to keep a good look-out from the window. There will be a sple did moon if these clouds clear off. The fewer we are the better in a case of this sort. You don’t catch fish if you make a splash in the water.” “ No, sir. But I think it’s my business to look after the man rather than the ghost, if it’s all the same to you.” Wingate agreed that a policeman must be allowed to know his own business best, and had a shrewd suspicion that this par ticular policeman would rather deal single handed with fifty corporeal thieves of the most desperate character than with one indeterminato spectre lighting its way about the deserted house with a harmless spectral candle. So it was arranged that he should patrol the garden, with a trusty friend for company, while husband and wife held the fort within. At six o’clock of a summer evening tho prospect had no terrors for the latter. She was delighted to have gained permission to share such a brave adventure. It was slightly otherwise at nine o’clock, however. Night was closing in then, and with the night came the heavy storm that had been slowly gathering during the afternoon. Sombre thunder clouds, riven with red lightning, and a deep and swel ling murmur in the air, were the conditions attendant upon an uncomfortable start from the abode of Mrs Venn, who, having supplied certain domands, was wild with curiosity to know what for—the only fact confided to her being tho intention of her guests to camp out,” which seemed about the last thing likely in the state of the weather. Half-way up the green chase, the horses, already at their fastest trot, delighting in the longest stretch of sward they had ever felt under their feet, were encouraged to break into a gallop ; and the deserted stables were reached just as the furious rain began to fall. Here they found the constable and Abel Itowe, his chosen mate — declared to be the best available ■ lookiug far from happy. They helped Wingate to shelter his buggy, and make the horses comfortable, and then to carry the contents of the vehicle into the How the great hall clanged to tho tread of their hob-nailed boots 1 And the aspect of tho place, in the light of one candle and a bull’s-eye lantern — the hollow silence and darkness filled with tho sound of rushing rain-how eerie it was! When such rain falls on your roof at night, par ticularly with trees about, you can always hear voices in it, gabbling to each other, if you like to listen for them; here they seemed to shout overhead, like wild birds passing over—a ride of valkyries above the storm; and the empty house rever berated till one could well fancy that kindred spirits within it were answering to the call. Nevertheless, Billy enticed his evidently uneasy comrades to remain while the downpour lasted, keeping them in heart with the whisky flask. He earnestly advised them to remain inside for the night, and watch the terrace from a ground-floor window ; but they preferred the risk of rheumatism and pueumonia in a damp summer-house outside. It wouldn’t do, they said, with sheepish smiles, to make themselves too comfortable, since they had to keep awake all night. “ Very well; only if you c tch your deaths don’t blame me,” said Billy testily. He had scorned to plead nervousness on his own account, but was more and more conscious that it would have been a satis faction to have his guards on the inner side of the locked doors during the witch ing hours. “ Look sharp that you do keep awake,” he besought them," as they turned to go. “ Don’t take your eye off that terrace and the window for a moment. And cooee— that is, call out to me, if you see anything suspicious. I will do the same. Good night 1 Take the mackintosh rug with you. He let them out into the sweet-smelling, rain-washed night, closed the heavy door upon them and turned the key with a vindictive wrench, reflecting with pleasure that their cowardice, as he supposed it, had tout them off from the support of his c urage, companionship and revolver; then he and Nettie, crowding into each other’s pockets, sat down to hearten them selves with a little supper. “ I’ve got some more whisky here,” he said, rummaging, “and I’m going to give you some, old girl. I am wishing, do yon know, that I’d left you with Mrs Venn after all.” Why, Billy ? I am not frightened. I wouldn’t have stayed at home, away from you, for anything; nothing should have induced me. But I do think,” sp aking rather tremulously, “ that those men might have kept us company the first night 1 ” “ I can easily make them, if you wish. 1 can drive them in by threatening to shoot them if they won’t come. But that wouldn’t help much, and I suppose it really i3 an advantage to have the house watched outside. Don’t you feel safe with only me, sweetheart ?” Ho put his arm around her as she sat upon his knee, and she dropped a package of sandwiches to the floor in order to kiss him adequately. “ Oh, I do, 1 do 1 ” she cried, and honestly meant it, for never had her bridegroom shown himself so much of a man and a husband as he was doing now. “ But thio place”—they were in the great hall, for the security of a wido outlook all round them—“ oh, Billy dear, this place is so, so creepy ! ” It certainly was—oven Billy confessed it; far more so in the moonlight than in the rain. No ordinary imagination could withstand tho effect—tho conjunction of effects—presented. “ We won’t stay hero any longer,” ho murmured soothingly. “ We’ll go to bed. Here, drink,”—holding a potent tumbler to her lips. “ I know it is nasty, but it will do yon good. Now just one little sandwich to please me. That’s right. You feel better now, don’t you? Aou are not nervous now, are you ? ” Gladdened to the heart by his seriou3 anxiety, responsively solicitous for his ease of mind, she assured him that she feared nothing so long as her husband was with her. In the silent hug that followed they touched a deeper note than had yet soun ded in the merry music of their joint lives. “ Brave girl 1 Gome along, then; stick close to me. There’s nothing whatever to be afraid of. It’s only that the place looks so big and grand, and feels so full of its old stories somehow. This is the sort of thino- that makes people feel religious in cathedrals, when they are quite cold and callous in a common, modern church. Just imagine that you’ve been locked into Mel bourne Town Hall by mistake, and see how little you will care then 1 ” “ I can’t. This is like being in another world.” ‘‘ It’s the same old world—the same so called nineteenth century ’; and we’re just as safe as-hullo 1 ” "Oh!” “ Confound the thing ! All right, all right; it’s only one of the buggy lamps; I didn’t see it was there.” He had knocked it from a pile of bedclothes to the floor, and the glass and metal rang upon the bare stone. Echoes in the roof and galleries were like a flock of startled birds taking wing at the noise. “That ought to be a warning to the “hosts.” he growled, in a vexed tone ; “ the very thing I didn’t want to give them. Wait a bit, Nettie ; listen a moment.” They Btood quite still, in their small island of light, peering into the sea of shadows round them. The 'flame of the candle glowed up into their handsome faces, so alivo and alert, but left dark, as in ambush, the eyes of the dead Desaillys watching the intruders from the wall. Brighter every moment shone the moon through the blazoned windows, sharper its embroidery of cross-bars and lattise-work came out upon the pavement under them ; and the lighter it grew, the more like a haunted place it looked. Oh, how different things appear at night from what they do by day! Billy wished again that he had left Nettie with Mrs Venn. “ Listen!” he said, hold ing her tightly with one hand and the butt of his revolver with the other. But they heard nothing, except their hoart3 beat ing. So they started on their voyage to the west wing. Their supper had done them so much good that they dared to blow the candle out and find their way by the light of the moon; for, as Billy said, if they were to catch that ghost, it was necessary to stalk him carefully. “ But don't think of such rot," he hastened to add. “ If you hear anything, mind, it will be the dripping of the rain, or the mice and rats, or the wind in chimneys and keyholes, or the windows shaking, or the old boards creaking and cracking un derfoot. Natural causes, remember—not supernatural." “ Oh ! I’m not afraid of ghosts," boasted Nettie, whom whisky had made valiant for the moment. “ Nor of anything else— with you.” She c-rried the candlestick and matches, her dressing-bag and wraps; Billy had loaded himself with all their bedclothes, but kept his right hand free. They walked in their stocking feet and talked in whispers. The first sensation, as of cold water down her spine, came to Nettie as t ey passed the little room at the angle of the stairs. No curtain marked it now, and the .moonlight poured through its en 1 circling windows in a melodramatic way. “ That’s where I saw her burning the lace,” said Wingate, pointing. “Oh, don’t!” gasped Nettie, seeing in her mind’s eye the lace with blood- stains on it. All the tragical story, as her young fancy composed it, seemed to act itself again be fore her; she dared not look into the little room, lest she should behold the spirit of midnight murder bending over the hearth. Oh, this was indeed an uncanny place to be astray in at such an hour ! They reached, or all but reached, their destination in the west wing, creeping past the little well staircase and the row of doors to the carefully locked door at the end of trie passage. Suddenly both stood motionless, arrested in the self-same in stant; and Nettie uttered an involuntary exclamation which Wingate instantly sup pressed. “ Ok /” “ Hush-sh-sk /” “ What was that ?” A sound which, if anywhere outside their own imaginations, was inside the seal d chamber, and not wind or mice or rain drops now. The noise, a deep rumble, as if some one were dragging a solid, smooth piece of furniture over the floor, rather like the sound of an earthquake, and the feel of it too. A distinct vibration was com municated to the pair, who as yet were some dozen yards from the spot whence the movement seemed to proceed, the air being at the same time filled with a muffled hum, swelling for a moment and then ceasing suddenly, leaving tho tomb like silence as before. It might have been an earthquake, or it might have been thunder, the tail end of the recent storm ; but our adventu ers did not think of either possibility. “ They’ve got in before us,” whispered Wingate, dropping the bedclothes where he stood, and getting a grip of his re volver. “ Steady now. Don’t be frigh tened. Light the candle. Quick !” He turned the heavy handle of the door, expecting to find it unfastened. But it was not unfastened; it was just as he had left it. Stooping, with the candle at his eye, he peered into the keyhole, and saw that no key obstructed it. Then he snatched his own. from his pocket, wretched it round in the lock, and threw the door wide open. No ono was visible. The room was silent and empty of everything but what they had left there in the afternoon ; nothing had been moved. They stood for a minute or two just within tho door, which, when they had brought in the bedclothes, they closed and locked behind them, staring up and down and from side to -side; then, holding his wife’s hand, Wingate ap proached the fireplace cautiously and looked up the wide shaft of the chimney, holding the candle high above his head. " Nothing there,” he whispered. Then he tip-toed to tho window, which he examined closely. No one, be found, could have got out that way. The two casements were both closed. He took hold of each handle of the iron catches and moved it up and down; both worked well, but both had been in their sockets, and no draughts could have displaced them. Opening one door-like lattice, he reached his head out; the window, resting on a bracket of heraldic stone-work, was thirty feet up in the wall, at least, projecting into the air, with nothing under it but flag pavements. Any burglar departing by that route would do so to certain suicide. “ What could it have been ? ” faltered Nettie, whose little heart was pumping violently. “ Thunder, I expect. It must have been thunder.” “ It didn’t sound like thunder, Billy. It stopped too suddenly.” “ Couldn’t have been anything else,” he insisted, with some impatience; but he still prowled about uneasily. “ If any of the village people are watch ing the house,” said Nettie, as she placed the candle on the dressing-table, not far from the window, “ they will say the ghost is hero to-night, at any rate.” “ Blow it out,” eried Wingate, and he extinguished the little flame himself as he spoke. “ Let us watch for an hour or two. The moon is light enough for anything, and it’s as well—ha !” ” Oh !” They stood like statues, listening, and heard the voices of the men from the ter race beneath. Wingate put his head out of the window again and hailed them. “ Cooee! You fellows there — what’s We’ve only found anothor rope, sir. An old ono this time.” “ Oh, have you ? Anything else ?” “ Nothing else, sir, We heard a rustling and thought we saw somebody, but it was a mistake We’ll keep a good look-out, sir.” “ Just scour the place well before you settle yourselves down, and report to me in half an hour.” They did so, but had nothing further to report. “ All right inside, sir ?” the constable kindly inquired. “ As right as a trivet,” was the ostenta tiously cheerful reply. “ Did you light a candle and put it out just now, sir ?” “ Of course I did. We like the moon.' light best. You had better come along, you and Rowe, and sleep up here near us.” “ Thank you, sir. It’s very comfortable outside, sir.” “ All right. Please yourselves. Good night !” •• Good-night, sir!” Wingate turned from the window, and he and Nettie made their bed by the light of the moon. They made it within the monstrous four-poster that had been Lexie’s marriage couch for the few sad and splendid weeks that seemed to have been her last; the hair mattress and the big down pillows were dry and whole some-smelling, for something .seemed to have preserve! the air in this room fresher than that of the rest of the house—a circumstance, however, which did not strike them at the time. As they spread their inadequate blankets and linen, and tucked the old silk curt'in back behind the bedhead and the wall, they talked of various matters but they never mentioned Lexie. When all preparations were made they were still reluctant to go to bed. They sat together on Lexie’a sofa in the'window, and let the cool, clean ,air flow over them. They gazed at the high, blear sky and the beautiful moon-touched clouds, at the wide-branching " English ” trees that were such a constant joy, and those majestic angles of wall with the ivy on them, the wet leaves twinkling where they caught the light. They sniffed the perfume of the rain, exhaled from earth and flowers, the sweetest of all sweet things to an Aus tralian nose. And, with their late un settled nerves composed, they remembered they were bride and bridegroom, and that, wherever they were, they carried their home shrine with them, as the snails, now coming out in such myriads, carried their shells upon their backs. “ It only wants a nightingale to make it perfect,” sighed Nettie, slowly drawing hairpins from her chestnut plaits. The nightingale had done his courting for that year ; he was gone—only just gono, and would bo heard no more in English gardens till April came again. But her lover beside her had no difficulty in proving to her that nightingales were, after all, superfluous. At about midnight they lit the candle once more. WiDgate opened the door to take a last look into the corridor, and be foro he shut it laid a piece of paper over the outer keyhole, and stuck it down with some strips torn from the edge of a sheet of postage stamps. Then, locking it inside with the greatest care, he placed the key by the bedside, along with candle and matches and the loaded revolver. They extinguished the light, and, feeling safe and satisfied, lay down to sleep in each other’s arms. (Tj be Ctmtinned), 