A Mir&cls; ia Sydney. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. . LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OE THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN GONQUE11ED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Workman.") On Thursd.iy afternoon, our reprer.pntative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and iibriut aiul able to answer the knock at tho door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that hewasan invalid on the rapid road to con v:ilesci-»ce. In reply to the preliminary questions, lit: S;iid. Yon want to know all about my i Well, I am glad of r an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of a value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering? "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave oft' woik, and I havedone nothing since then. About; five-years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a brth in Pitt-strefet,, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing he-.Utli, and aftfcr'lour yeai-s of gradual development of the malady 4 I was.forced to give up my, billet at the Glebe Island.'' • — "What were the symptoms? "Simply indescribable. The pains Were something terrible. They were jnst about as much as I cottld bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and Was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly -shivering aud shak- ing, and could .neither eat nor sleep. On the 23i d March last I saw a wellknown do -.ti r and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However,be gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. " Dia you make use of the order J" s < No ; Icume home ai:d went to bed and have bc.en pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could |not walk across tW florrr ; in fact, I could not get out of bedi I felt then that it was all over .with me,-and Only a question of days when I wonld give np the ghost. My doctar was attending me, and did all he could, by opilim ana and ,nn morphia r f pills, to ease tire ago'ny I "Was under him for fiv r e or six weeks. He cume to the conclusion that I was buffering from Locomotor iitaxia or Progressive locomotive ataxy, a disea-se of t'he spiral cord, chtwactcrised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in. fco^ordinating voluntary movements. He told 'me that I "miglit last "for ten years, and that I might never get tire., the use of my legs. (Just then the pp,tient;kicked his. legs about with: energy to show t-bat medical opinion is" not infallible.) Well, just as a "drowning ni;in will gi'asp at a straw, I grasped at ;ir iaea conve^'ed bj r the adveiiistiiueHt descinbing the cui-e feffectel inthe-anse r,f another boilermaker in -Knj^hind, whicli I read in the *' Anstialran Wor kman, '' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. -I read in the advertisement of a case w^hidi seemed -to it >my own. determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and stfn't' for a box. Tlie effect- was k-s inarvpllous as _ it w;ts miiL-i ;;il. 1 was able tite-at and steep a.siiioiigh nothing was the matter me. Tt'wns 'the frrst a'ppctifn and rest ^ had fur many a ' day. It was iucredible. I immediately left the'bed and was able move about. 5 have taken four boios erf Pfik . jPills during -the past *fotzr w>eeks, and am now tttking t'he fifth box. i can walk about with the rndof a ^tiek, ».' and am'gradually, bnt stirrfly, recovering my fnrmer viiror and vitality. You see tliese crutches tliere? They are. perfectly new, and I Iiave never -uBed thetu. Thtgr were-made for me before I got the I 3 itik Pilla. but I was too weaVii' tise t liem, and now I don't want tlicln. Ali I want is this stick, and I-bom: soon to to do without it. You sec 1 nil r>i»>*'1 i-y regaining my sti'eng 1 !-. "I-: »• 3-vO t. b;- • tor" said Mrs •Jarvi-. who coiiu in and taken the li.iby mi ]i.t: :hv.-;: 'The Pink Pill> Imve saved his !H\s and made another man ol ^hrrn." A friend who *cal!ed in at -4>his :point, said that Jarvis looked tea, years you nger tbat day-than he did a 'fortriightprevioiisly. "I can now," poutanned Jarvis. liave ajcold bath, and all the. feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope • to i be able to resume work as a. boilermaker, and yon know L have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years, I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex- cruciating pain. But they can stay where they ane, for .1 no \ longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed ;at the change in me. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said /in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular Aveakness, indigestion loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in thelback, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party iu the N.S W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from nfancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Globe Islaud abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to-a malady-, which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little cha»ce of : his recovery. He .understood Tarvis was refused admissison to the Sydney Hospital, as hi? case had been pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gowen was therefore like everyone else wlio^knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemistSj or fiom the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy, Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) onreceipt of stamps or post order I hox T for-5s.9d or § dozen for 14s Sd... : . 