[?] fte Weapons of Mystery. ; CHAPTER XIV. 'Nothing definite. Stay, I forgot, Simon Slowden said he hau something particular tc tell you when you came to Yorkshire again. I asked him the sub ?ieet of this ' something particular,' and ho said it was about the ghost. I tried to Mflko him explain further, bat could not.' ' I'll boo Simon at once,' I said. 'I eannot afford* to let anything pass with ouo examining it. Any little thing might give a clue to the mystery.' I sought Simon in tho stable-yard, and found him aB grim and platonic as -ever. ' Glad to see yer honor,' said Simon, hastily. ' IVo made up ray mind scores of times to write a letter, but I Lev had sich bad luck wi' letters that I 'bdn'fc the necessary quantity o' pluck, you know.' ' Bad luck with your letters, Simon 1 How 7' ' Why, yer see, yer honor, after the doctor experimented on me by waccina ting me agin' small pox, cholera, and the measles, together wi' 'oopin' cough and several other baby complaints as 'er a hinjurious effect upon people as' 'ev out their wisdom teeth, yon know as I told yer honor that I caught that 'ere werry disease of small-pox which spiled my beauty for ever. Well, as I told you months ago, I went to the 'ouse maid for a mite o' comfort, and catches 'or a-courtin' wi' the coachman. Sol goes 'ome, and I says I'll write 'or a letter »3 would charm a dead duck in a saucepan. So I begins my letter this yer way : ' My dearest dear,' I says, ' times es bad, and people be glad to catch anything ; bo 1, thinkin' small pox better than nothin', catched that. Forgive me, and 111 do so no more. I'm cryin' all the day, as though I got my livm' wi' skinnin' onions. Relieve me, my dear, or my feelins' will be too much' for me. ? They be fillin me faster 'n I can dispose of them ; and if you don't leave that 'ere coachman and smile on me, I shall either go up as a balloon, or else there'll bo a case of com bustion.' I- went on in that 'ere style, yer know, thinkin' she'd melt like a h'yster in a fryin'-pan, but she didn't; and the next thing I hears was' that the coachman wur at the willage alehouse readin' my letter. Since then I've guv up the tender passion and' guv up writin' letters.' ' Well, you have had bad luck, Simon; but perhaps you'll be more fortunate next time. Mr. Temple tells me you have something to toll me about theghoBt. What is it? ' You aia't a-seen that 'ere hiafidel willain since he went away from 'ere, Mr. Blake, have 'ee ?' ' I saw him in Hyde Park one day, but have never spoken to him.' ' 'Well, I'm in a fopr.' ?' In a fog 1 How?' ; ' Why, I can't understand a bit why that 'ere ghost wur a got up.' ' Yon think it was got up, then 1' ' Certain of it, yer honour.' ' Well, toll us about it.'. ' Well, sur, after you left all of a hurry like, we had a big party in tho house, and a.'l the servants 'ad to 'elp ; and no sooner did I git iu that 'ere house than I beginned to put two and two together, and then I see a hindiwidu al that I beginned (o think wur mighty like that 'ero ghost.' ' And who was that 7' ' Why, that 'ere hancient wirgin, Misa Staggles.' ?' Ah, what then ?'' Well, I heard somebody tellin' her qb 'ow you wore gone to London, and I thought she looked mighty pleased. After dinner, I see her come out of the drawin'-room, and go away by herself, and I thought I'd watch. She went up to her room, yer honour, and I got in a convenient place for watchin' her when she comes out. She weren't 'a minit afore she wur out, Mr. Blake, a-carryin' somothin' in her hands, She looks curiously 'round, and then I see her mako straight for your bedroom door, and goes into {your room. In a minit more she comes out, with nothin' in her hands. So then I says to myself, ' She's deposited some o' her combustible matter in Mr. Blake's room.' . ' It was a bold and dangerous thing to do, yer honor, but I goes into your room and looks around. Everything seems right. Then I looks and sees that 'the drawer oE the wardrobe ain't quite shut, so I takes a step forward and pqeps in.' *' And what did you see ?' 'Why, I. sees the trappin's of this 'ere ghost. The shroud, knife, and rest on't. * 'Well, Simon?' ' Well, sir, I takes it to my shanty, and puts it in my own box, to show you at a 'convenient season,' as Moses snid.' ' Is that all 1' ' Tho next mornin' I seo her a-arin' her sweet self on the lawn, so I goes up to her, all familiar like, and I says, 'Top o' tho mornin', Miss Staggles,' ' 'WhjD'aio you, man ?' sho says. ' 'As nice a chap as you over seo,' I said, ' though I am marked wi' small pox. But that ain't my fault, ma'am ; it is owin' to tho experimentiu' o' a vraccinatin' doctor.' ' ' What do you want with -me, man V she said. ' 'Why, ma'am,' I said, ' I am young and simple, and I wur frightened wi' a ghost t'other night, and I thought as how you, bein' purty hancient, might as sist me in fiudin' things out about it. ' With that, sir, she looked real strange, and I thinks I'm on the right track, and I says again, ' That 'ere ghost wur well got up, mum. I'vo played a ghost myself in a theatre, and I could nevor git up like you did tho other Dight.' ' 'Me get up as a ghrst 1' she screamed. 'Man, you are mad.' {To bo Continued.) 