THE CRIME AH9 ME GMIIML. BOOK L— THE GRIME. (THE STOEY ACCOEDING TO MR. THOMAS. TENNANT.) CHAPTER I. I ran down to Urightou for the Sunday. My wife's cousin, George Baxendaie, was stopping there, with the Coopers. The wife and I were both to have gone. But our little Minna was very queer— feverish cold, or something— and Lucy did not like to leave her with the nurse. So I went down alone. It was a fine day, for November. We drove over to Brainber— Jack Cooper and his wife, Baxendaie, and I. When we got back to Regency Square it was pretty late. I was to go back by the .S.40. When we had dined I had to make quite a rush to catch the train. Jack and George both came up to see me off. As the Pullman carriages all seemed full, I got into the compartment of an ordin ary first- class carriage. 'You'll be better in there,' said Jack. 'You'll have it to yourself.' .- I did, till just as the train was off. When the train had actually started, a woman came hurrying up the platform. A porter threw open the door, of my carriage, and she got in. I let her have the seat by the door through which she had entered. Iwent to the other end of the compartment. I did not feel too much obliged to the porter who had shown her in. Although it was not a smoking carriage, as I had expected to have had it to myself, I had intended to smoke all the way to town. In fact. I was smok ing at that moment. I hardly knew what to do. The train did not stop till it reached Victoria. There would be no opportunity of changing carriages. I $id not relish the idea of not smoking, while I scarcely knew if I might venture to ask permission to smoke of the newcomer. I made up my mind that I would. I had only just lighted a cigar. I had not looked at her as she came up the platform to notice what kind of nerson she was. I had been too much engaged with Jack and George. I turned to her. raising my hat as I did so. 'Slay I ask if you object to ? ' I had got so far: but I got no farther. She looked at me, and, as she did so, and I saw her face clearly, and met her eyes, my blood went cold in my veins. The woman at the other end of the carriage was either Nelly, or Nelly's ghost. If she was her ghost, then she was the most sub stantial ghost I had ever heard of. And yet I had to stare at her for -some moments in stupefied silence before I could believe that she was not a ghost. Before I could believe thnt she was genuine flesh rmd flood.. She 'struck me as being as^nnich surprised at seeing me as I was at seeing her— and, at first at any rate, not much -better pleased. We stared at each other as ff we were inoon stiuek. She was the $rst to tin&fher; -.v-Sice— she always was quicker, in ev/jry 'sense of the word, than I am. -.{%:- 'Tom!i' she said. Then gave a sort of gasp. an 'Xellv!' It was all I couid do to -rct her name to pass my lips. o.V . I am not jrointr to enter into details as to ?what I said to her, and as to what she said to me. Nothing pleasant was said on either side. When a man meets a woman, even after a separation of seven years and moro. who has wronged him as Ellen HoAvth. as slie 'was named 'when I first knew her, had wronged me, he is not likely to gropt her with sugared phrases, especially wheo he has had every reason to suppose that his prayers have been answered, and that she is dea-l. When I saw that she had tricked me. for The thousand-and-fii'st time, and that she was not dead, as I have written, my blood went cold. When it warmed, it was not with love for her. We quarrelled, ns we had done many and many a thne before. She had been drinking. She was always bad euougb -when sober: when not sober she was iufiiiiteiv worse. Every moment T expected her to assail me ?with personal violence. She threatened to. over and over again. I feared that there would be some outrageous scene in the rail way carriage. Fearing this, and the scandal ?which such a thing would necessarily entail. I formed a wild resolution. T determined that, even while the train continued to fly through tiie air, T would leave the compart ment in which she was. and at any and every risk seek refuge in an adjoining one. The resolution was so sooner formed than I proceeded to put it into execution. There was no necessity to lower the window: the handle was inside the carriage. Turning the handle. I rose from my seat. Whether she mistook or designed to frustrate my pur pose, I cannot say. No sooner did I rise than she came rushing at me. The violence of her assault took me by surprise. The handle escaping from my grasp, the door swung back upon its hinges. She had me 'by the shoulders. I endeavored to wrest rriyself free' There was a struggle. lu the struggle, unconsciously certainly to me, we must have reversed our positions, because. suddenly losing her grasp of me, before T had j the faintest suspicion of what was about to j happen, she had fallen backwards through the open carriage door, out into the night, and the train was going at express speed to town. ?' ' It was some moments before I realised what had actually oceui'red. When I did do so, I sat down on the seat in a sort of stupor. I was roused from it by the banging of the carriage door. It was being' swung back wards and forwards by the momentum of the train. I shut it. almost mechanically: as I did so I noticed that the glass was shat tered. It might have been broken by the banging of the .door, or she might have bro ken it by striking it in her frantic efforts to clutch at something. What was I to do? My eyes wandered to the alarm-bell. Should I ring it and stop the train? To what purpose? She might not be dead. Indeed, the probabilities were that she was, at least, not quite dead. In such a case I knew her Veil enough to be aware that nothing was more likely than that she would at once denounce me as her attempted murderer. Then in what a plight I should be! To the best of my knowledge and belief she had brought her fate upon herself. I had nothing to do with it. Undoubtedly, 1 had not opened the door to hurl her through. It is easy enough after the event to say that at all hazards I ought at once to have stop ped the train, and explained what had oc curred. I should have done so bad T been able to foresee the .events which followed. I should have been willing to have given a great deal to have saved myself from bearing what I actually have borne. But, at the moment, I foresaw nothing. My wits ?were woolgathering. I was confronted by the thought that, in face of her allegations of my snilt, my protestations of / innocence might avail but little. I had suffered too much on her account already to have any desire, to suffer more. As I sat there thinking, something struck me a!, severe blow in the face. It. was a piece of glass from the broken window which had iken loosened., and wltich had beea forc ed out of its place Ijy the pressure of the wind. T lowered the window, lest the re maining fragments should also be driven from their places. The sharp. edge of the piece,of glass had come into, contact with my cheek. It had cut me to the bone. I put up my handkerchief to stop the bleeding. As I did Vo r noticed that my overcoat seemed to have bjeen torn open in the struggle; the top button anpeared.io be missing. The blood flowed freely feona the open wound. The piece of £lass seenied to have cut me like a knife. My handkerchief was quite inadequate to stop the flow. It was becoming soaked with blood. While I was wondering what I should do if the bleeding didvnot shortly cease, the train drew up at Victoria. :, The distance between Brighton and -town had never before seemed to me to be so short. . CHAPTER II. , Now that I had reached Victoria I did not know what to do. 1 continued to sit in a sort of bewilderment, wondering. Should I speak to the guard, or should I not? Should I walk out of the station as if nothing had happened? I was, or it seemed to me thai I was, between the devil and the deep sea. Whichever path I took was the path, not of safety, but of danger. ' While I sat hesitating -uid' apparently in capable of anything but hesitation, the car riage door was opened. I supposed that, seeing me, a porter had opened it for me to alight. But it was not a porter who stood there looking in— looking in, as it struck me. with eager curiosity. It -was an individual in a top hat and an overcoat ornamented with fur cuffs and collar. Even in my state of confusion, and in that imperfect light, I was at once struck by the fact that both hat and overcoat 'were the worse for wear. The face under the iiat was also the worse for wear. The cheeks were ruddy, with a ruddiness which suggested alcohol. The moustache and whiskers were too black for nature. The eyes, which were at once both impudent and shifty, in color almost matched the whiskers. There was something about the man which reminded me of someGiie I had seen before. Who it was. at the moment, I could not think. He addressed me with what he probably intended for an ingratiating smile. 'This is Victoria.' I told him I was aware of it. 'All get out here/' I added that 1 was also aware of that. His eyes, which had been travelling round and round the carriage in an eager, searching fashion, which, for some reason, marie me curiously uneasy, finally rested ou usy face. He at ouce noticed the blood-stainp-J hand kerchief which I still was holding to my check. - 'Nose bleeding?' 'No: I've cut my cheek.' I don't know why I sat there speaking to the man as I did. 'Permit me to offer you my handkerchief; yours seems soaked with blood.' Taking out. a red silk handkerchief, the corner of which had been protruding from the outside pocket of his overcoat, he held it out to me. I was,, reluctant to take if. One is reluctant to accept the loan of a silk handkerchief from a perfect stranger, more, especially, perhaps, from the sort of stran ger he appeared to be. But what was I to do? I was in want of a handkerchief. My own was worse than useless. It was reeking wet. Great gouts of bloods were commenc ing to drop from it. My cheek was bleeding us profusely ns ever. I was beginning to wonder if a blood-vessel had been severed. One cannot buy handkerchiefs on a Sunday night. I should have to borrow from some one. So I borrowed from him. Unwilling ly enough. I admit As I applied his hand kerchief to my cheek, turning, I threw my own through the opea window at my side. He rushed forward, as if to stay my arm. He was too late. The handkerchief had gone. 'Good God!' he exclaimed, 'what have you done?' He seemed unnecessarily excited, consider ing that, in any case, the handkerchief was mine. 'I've thrown it away. You don't suppose that, in that condition. I could carry it home.' He looked at ino with his eager eyes. 'Was your name upou it?' 'I believe so; why?'' Leaning over, lie laid Iris hand upon my shoulder. He spoke in a tone of voice which, in spite of myself, sent :i t In-ill all over me. 'Man. supposing tlycy find if? _ It may be a question oi lire or cieain. i.ei s get out oi this— come!'' It was time that we left the carriage. I had noriced a porter staring in, as if. wonder ing why we remained its occupants. But that was no reason why the stranger, thrust ing his arm through mine, should have al most dragged me ont on to the platform. As he continued to eHu;.' to me wJien we were ou the platform. I remonstrated. 'Be so good as to release my arm.' Paying no attention to my request, he made as if to hurry me ou. 'Come to a little place I know near here. I am i\ bit of a doctor. I'll soou make that cut of yours all right/' I did not budge. T repeated my request— 'Be so good as to release my arm. I am obliged to you for your, suggestion. T. how ever, prefer to so straight home.' 'Quite right; there is no place -like home. Let's go and find a cab.' Not at all nonplussed, he again made as if to hasten on. I still declined to budge. 'Thank you. I can perform that office for myself. If you will give me your address, I will forward you your handkerchief. Or. if you prefer it. I will deposit with you its value.' 'Sir. I am a gentleman.' He drew himself up with an assumption of dignity which was so overdone as to be ludicrous. The two last words he repeated — 'A gentleman!' '1 do not doubt it. It is I who may not be a gentleman.' '1. sir, can tell a gentleman when I see one/* He laid a stress upon the personal pronoun, as if he wished me to infer that such clearness of vision might be a personal peculiarity. 'I will give you my address in the cab.' Willing to humor him, I suffered him to stroll up the platform at my side. I held ont my hand to him when we reached a han som, y 'Your address?' 'I said T would give you my address in the cab/' Leaning towards me. he spoke in that curious tone which had impressed me j so unpleasantly in the railway carriage. | 'Get into the cab, man; I travelled from Brighton in the next compartment to yours/' I was foolish. I ought, even at the elev enth hour, to have addressed myself to an official, to have made a clean breast of it. to liave told him of the accident, the unavoid- I able accident, which had happened on the j line. T know that now too well. I knew j it, dimly, then. But at the moment, I was ; weak. The fellow's manner increased my ' state of mental confusion. In a sense, his j words overwhelmed me. T yielded to him. j I got into the cab. He placed himself at my side. :*Wbere shall I tell the man to drive?' he asked. ? 'Anywhere.' a 'Piccadilly Circus!' be shouted. The cab was off. We sat in silence— I in a state of niiiid which I should find some difficulty in making plain. I will not attempt it. I will only say that. I should have dearly. liked to have taken my friend, the stranger, by. the scruff of his neck and to have thrown him out into the street. I did not dare. When we 'were clear of the traffic I asked him, in a voice which I- scarcely knew to be ray own, it was so liusky and dry— . 'What did you mean by saying that you travelled from Brigbtonih the hexf compart ment to mine?' . 1 'Mean? My dear sir, I meant what I said. It was a coincidence — nothing1 more.' ' He spoke lightly; impudently even. I felt in capable of pressing Mm for* a more precise explanation. He added, as a sort of after thought, 'Fin a. detective.' I tiirued to biin with a start. 'A detec tive?' ? ' . ? . ?? He pretended to be surprised by my sur prise. ? ? ' . / -To be conticviedJ 