'i'HE LIGHT THAT OAST, NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of Indi.i, who livoup among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it iB said, have devoted scores ot years to the stijdy of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the worjd knows nothing about. ' Lately a German professor visited the f adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of (inking out the secret of their re markable performances. They treated him rather seurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient S»n skirt manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept, The place was as dark as the bottom of a well, " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor, " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell vhence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a Btory hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of va§t learning and high character, and yoti who nqw read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. John* son sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth-quake, yet credited the tale of the Oock Lane ghost. A man who haB been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, iB sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well, What else but doubt could result from his experi ence ? Take an example:— " In' the spring of 1888," writes our correspon dent, " 1 fell into a low, weak, and langqid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts, At drat my stomaoh was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the ohest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I Buffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but always had a sense of dis comfort. Off and on I continued in this way tor two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel^s Syrup, and procured a supply. After. I had taken only a few doses I found relief j my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I hid no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seeta it'used, r now' gladly admit its value, anfj its power oyer disease, Sinco my recovery, for which I thank Mother Beigel's Oura tivo Syrup, 1 have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D, Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893," There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's eandid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trust worthy witness, who will answer -lotters of inquiry, and can be found at his Hddreas. Finally, there 1b nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the | throry that moot ailments are but Bymptomu, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it oures that, and throws the light °oi health and happiness over hearths and homes where -illnoss-and pain had oaBt suoh dark and terrifying shadow*. And that is why people believe all thai is told of its success by eager witnesses. 