Brisbane Notes. (From our own Correspondent.) 28th September. It is turning, out a grand season m most parts of the colony, and there is - . hope that ' Melchoir,' ' Kuva,' and /- Co. will soon break up the drought on s the AVarrego, and we shall ' hear, no _ mors such sensational statements as that a Charleville butcher wired to Toowoomba for a truck of fat cattle, no iars Demg avauame an unarievme 1 The idea of a truck of fat cattle pro ceeding westward reminds one of a not too well authenticated iucident of my boyhood's days. A pigheaded old' Scotch squatter in New South Wales, having sent his year's clip to certain Sydney agents under agreement to go so much a pound if it equalled the pre ceding year's wool, was refused the figure, wool having heavily dropped meanwhile and the clip not being equal to last year's, according to the agents. After a great to-do, the x old squatter loaded his hales on the drays again and sent them back to the station, determined the wool ' , should rot before any of the swindling . Sydney brokers made a penny out of /111 it. . _ ' ' .3^ There is tremendous excitement in our upper circles, there being no less :~Jpl than two real live lords here or there abouts just now. Lord and Lady Brassey ' Sunbeamed ' it to Brisbane ' the other day and are -now ' Sun- ,-^0 beaming' it to Bockhampton. His Excellency evinced more interest in .. Dunwich than all our other institu tions — not that he can have an i interested eye in that, direction, he being heir of Mr. Tom Brassey, the . great railway- contractor, who built ; / ; the Britannic Bridge over the St. Lawrence, and. the railway over the / ? , Main Range to Toowoomba, amongst .. other works. .Not that he made his ? / I pile out of . the latter. All the same, // his Victorian ^Excellency's interest in Dunwich was purely philanthropic. ' The other lord is here now, and his // signed -name is Elibank. The first, Lord Elibank was one of the six /-; Scottish peers— there were six of them, ' though Scotchmen ! — who opposed the sale of Charles I. to the English Par- -v/-/? liament. A later Lord Elibank still more distinguished himself by one of ' the most brilliant patriotic retorts that . even Scotia can boast. Dr. Samuel Johnson said that in Scotland men lived ^ , on oats, like the horses in England, - / Lord Elibank returned: 'Aye, and where will you find suck men and suck / ^ horses !' The present Lord Elibank //- seems to be a globe-trotter. Well, there is no harm in that — as long as he doesn't write a book about it. ?; . - 'W. T. T. Brisbane,'.' who has not been above annexing the offertories of / English parish churches — even to the ' V ? copper doles of some miserably poor ; ; ' East End congregations, has pes ibly felt some stirring of conscience, any how, he has been called upon to . justify the proceeding. And he does' it on the pwacipls tbat, as Englap - ^ Brisbane Notes. draws vast sums from Queensland through absenteeism, the English should contribute to the church in Queensland. The old squatteiyavers the bishop, did contribute, but he Has gone down before financial institutions , who don't contribute, the recognition, of moral obligation not finding a place in their articles of association. In other words, the squatter, who, rough as he might be, was occasional Ij visited by some stray ideas of the hereafter, acknowledged moral obligation to some extent, whereas his successor, the Corporation, does not acknowledge any such thing. Why should it '? It has neither soul to save nor body to kick. The Parish Magazine suggests that in future moral obligation he put in the articles of association, and the idea is not so preposterous as may appear at first sight. There is business in it. The inculcation of morality may save more in embezzlements than it costs in recognition. The shelving of the overgrown Local Government Bill is the most hopeful action of the session. There is a good chance now for both the Land Bill and federation. There never was the ghost of a chance for the other. Everybody cares for the Land Bill, but who cared for the Local Govern ment Bill ? Nobody worth caring for ; consequently it formed a splendid subject, with its 556 clauses, for the professional humbugs to waste time over in their laudable endeavour^ to discredit the Government by rendering the session barren. But they will not dare to treat the Land Bill in the same way as that would be jeopardising the sacred screw. When the country as a whole desires a certain piece of legislation, the country might make a note of those who thwart the passing of the measure, and refer to the vote the next time the billot box comes round ! As for federation, the blackguarding of that acidulous Knight and Speaker, Sir Joe Abbott, should put us on our metal. To say that Queensland has been insincere all along, that she never meant to join the Convention and n?''er means to, that she got the dele gates to adjourn at Adelaide out of mere humbug, and that she has got them to adjourn at Sydney out of mere humbug, no more intending to be represented at Melbourne than she was at Sydney, reflects more on the stupid animus of the speaker than the conduct of the colony aspersed. In the name of all the Abbots of the Dark Ages, what motive could Queensland have for making a liar and a humbug of herself ! Some of these exalted delegates, who were elected to keep the '? Ivyardinal ' out, are gett ing too big for their boots. They are putting on as much frill as a jew lizard, and becoming quite as unpre possessing. Their hectoring is becom ing as exasperating as ludicrous. Mr. Jules Joubcrt, in a characteris tic but two column long valedictory speaks of the ingratitude which rewarded his self- denying, heroic exertions on behalf of the Brisbane International Exhibition, by seeking to stain the name which was given stainless to him seventy-three years ago. And what was he accused of '? asks the ' International ' hero. Of defrauding his directors of a certificate — 'a piece of paper of the intrinsic value of eight-pence . I thought the charge was very different ; that it was being concerned in the sale of certifi cates which should have been given free to those awarded them. And the evidence certainly seemed to show that a bit of trade was being driven in this direction, though it failed to connect Mr. Joubert with the conspiracy. This is the age of quackery, therefore it is only natural that the Press should teem with letters decrying the attempt of Dr. Taylor to amend the Medical Act in the way of making it harder for quacks to do their quack ing. It is stigmatised as an en deavour on the part of the doctors to protect their already too-well pro tected trade. It is rather queer that the more enlightened people should be the more they should love palpable ignorance so long as it is coupled with adamantine assurance. Never were colossal fortunes more easily and thickly made by charlatanism. Car mine Pills — ' iron with a trace of arsenic ' — and medical clairvoyancy, inspired diagnosis in conjunction with fortune-telling — these are more pay able at this dawn of the twentieth century than the best of our gold mines. And all because of native love of quackery. Look at the desperate opposition by certain representative quacks to such measures as the Den tists Bill ! The unemployed are determined that Queensland shall follow the other colonies in experimenting in labour colonies, and follow also in their experience, as a matter of course — the experience of New Australia and the Queensland Co- operative Com munities Land Settlement Act. But what can be done so long as that measure encumbers the Statute Book ? It will be something to get the unemployed out of the city for a while but is the while worth the money ? The incident of Nero fiddling while Borne burned is suggested at this. moment by another taking place on the floor of the ' House.' It is the second reading of the . Marsupial Boards Bill, a measure dealing with kangaroos, wallabies, paddymelons, bandicoots, and what not. The country is pining and writhing for legislation, but that acknowledged , funny man, Mr. Hoolan, thinks he can get- something funny out of paddymelons and kangaroo rats, so there he goes, ladling out the most ineffable rot by the tankful. He must convulse the House or strain his innards in the attempt. The House won't convulse, but it contains a member or two vacuous enough to laugh sometimes, and that keeps the convulser on his feet. When will we get a bill to extirpate the greatest pest of all — the Parliamentary funnyman ? 