A PERILOUS TASK. It is a popular belief that there is .no slave beneath the shadow of the British flag, but, unfortunately, this idea is hardly borne out by facts. In our West African domains there are many slaves, right under the nose of Consul and Commissioner, too, though generally their servitude is by no means severe— the Government sees to that. As a rule, when, on extending authority info new districts, the. white officers find a man in the possession of several slaves, they leave him in peace, so long as the latter are not ill-used. It also happened not very long ago, when the black trooks destroyed the stockade of a robber-headman in the Oil Rivers, that the CodsuI allowed the friendly natives from the coast to appropriate for their own use the offender's slaves. This he did because he knew they would be much better off under his own eyes than in the power of the bush tyrants. Among the Niger creeks, too children are a valuable asset, for their parents sell them openly, and it would bo in teresting to know how many native wives some of the white traders have purchased at five pounds’ worth of cloth a head. Now, the British Government winks at such things, for the simple reason that these slaves are secure from ill treatment or the risk of being sacrificed to Jn-Jn devils, while beneath its pro tection ; but it has entirely suppressed the shipment of black ivory abroad, and does what it can to put down the ex tensive traffic in human flash, and the horrible midnight raids and village burn ing, which goes on to-day in the wild “ hinterland.” There lias in the kingdom of Ashantee, beyond the swampy forest of the coast, a tract of dry country, covered with rustling plume grass, which was once the centre of much trade in the small African cattle (tiny, cream-coloured beasts, like diminutive Alderneys), and also the fine native cloth, which comes from the looms of Kano, in tho far-off Kaussa land. Of late, owing to the ex tension of traffic with the white moo, the natives found it more profitable to raid their weaker neighbours, and sell them for slaves to chop mahogany and gather rubber for th8 traders of the hinter land. A little while ago, it occuned to the Gold Coast authorities that it was time that kind of thing was put a stop to, and accordingly a force of Hanssas was sent up into this wild region. One scorching afternoon, the two white officers in charge of the detach ment lounged in monkey-skin chairs in the scanty shade of sweeping palm branches. The elder, Mr District Com missioner Howard, known to his friends as “ Daisy Bell,” leaned back against their basket-work but, and bis clothing consisted of gauzy pyjamas and native slippers. He would have dispensed with the latter, too, but for fear of the foot-boring jigger insect, for he was not a man of conventional ideas. The other was a lieutenant lately fram England, clad in all the finery of Kahki uniform, snowy pith helmet, and plated buttons, who had a firm belief in bis own ability to set things straight gecerally in the hinterland—once he got the chance. A wiser man would have known better, for Nature is too strong for the European in West Africa, and the negro is case hardened against a hasty civilisation. Presently, Lieutenant St. John broke the silence. “ Can we do nothing to put down the abominable raids,” he said, “ two caravans driven off to Dahomey in a month—it’s a disgrace to civilisa ation.” Commissioner Howard yawned as he answered :—“ Softly,| softly, man catch monkey,” is a good proverb. We can’t tackle Gwelo unless we can catch him with slaves in his hands—and he is too knowing for that. Besides, the Gov ernor’s orders are that there must be no bloodshed, and his place is a strong one. Look at it.” The Lieutenant turned his eyes north ward across the yellow waves of rippling plnme grass, over which there quivered a danoing haze, and saw a lonely, flat topped mountain, rising abruptly from the plain—a patch of dusky purple against the azure heavens. Then a hoarse challenge in the Han sea tongue rang out through the quivering heat; there was. a rattle of arms in the cool shade of the palms, and two tall soldiers, with fear and disgust written upon their ebony facss, came forward, while before them walked a decrepit negro, old and withered, the dried entrails of goats twisted round his waist, and strings of charms about his naked body. “ A repulsive object,” said the Lieu tenant, sniffing, and he was right; but Commissioner Howard whistled softly, and observed, “ Gwelo’s Ju-Jn man— the Fetish priest turned Queen’s evidence. We’ll hear something now.” After the usual greetings, the Jn-Jn man squatted down in the hot dust of the compound, and, working his jigger eaten feet into the red powder, told his story in a whining voice. The District Commissioner and the Hanssas gathered the gist of the matter between them, while the Lieutenant, who understood no words, looked blankly on until the older man turned languidly towards him. “ It’s an interesting story,” he said. *• Spiritual and temporal powers of Gwelo town at loggerheads, and the spiritual side gives the other fellow clean away. Gwelo thinks the Fetish men are getting too rich, and comforted by what a missionary told him about the limited power of the evil one, has done a kind of Henry the Eighth trick, and confiscated their hoards. They don’t like it, so the great high jniest of the Ju-Ju devils has come to say that Gwelo has a big caravan of | slaves on the mountain, and that he can show us a hidden path. There’ll be fan to- : night,” and the Commissioner chuckled. | Then he added : “ I suppose you are not afraid of ghosts ?” 1 “ What foohty is this ?” was the 1 answer, and the Commissioner laughed again as he said : “ There are unlimited ghosts in Africa, ghosts of men, cattle, and goats, ghoets of poisoned arrows and spears, and legions of evil spirits. Anyway, it’s rather a ghostly place, I believe.” Afterwards he spoke sharply in the Hans3a tongue, “ Take him away, Bergeant, and feed him. Every man under arms in two hours.” Late that night half a company of Haussas struggled out of the plume grass, and cast themselves down, pant ing, upon a shelf of rock which over looked a deep ravine. The perspiration streamed into the Lieutenant’s eyes, and his smart tunic was stained with the acrid, yellow dust of the grass plumes, which smarted eyes and nostrils intoler ably. His hands were slashed by the saw- edges of the whitening blades : and he began to realise that setting things straight in West Africa was neither an easy nor a pleasant process. A nauseat ing odour rose out of the black ravine, while upon its farther side the Gwelo mountain rose dark, and shadowy over head. Commissioner Bell said wicked things about the heat, then he drew out his big revolver, and ostentatiously loaded every chamber before the Ju-Ju man s eyes. Languid as he aeomed, there were few men, black or white, who could over reach the Commissioner, and he bad a way oE always turning np where most wanted. Then he gave the order, “ March ; any tuan who fires a shot deals with me, and with a Hausen bayonet on either side, and the Commissioner’s revolver at the back of his head, the Ju-Ju man led the way down a winding path. When they reached the bottom it was pitchy dark, and a clammy mist filled all the pit- like hollow, a faint phosphorescence gloaming here and there among the wet grasses. There was no sound to'break the stillness, until, with their fingers tightening on the rifle stocks, the Hanssas moved forward, and then a harsh “ crunch-crunch,” and a sharp snapping of something dry and brittle, rose out of the mist, and presently Lieutenant St. John felt a choking in his throat and faltered in his stride. “ Hold up ; for Heaven’s sake don’t break down. It’s ODly the damp and the Bmell. Here, take a pull at this. Down with it, quick,” said Commis sioner Howard, handing a brandy flask to his shaking comrade ; and the latter gasped, “Thanks, I’m better now. Pah! Lot’s get out of this awful stench. Where are we, anyway, and wbat’s all that blue shimmering ?” Meantime the Haussas had halted as though by no means anxions to go on, and the Commissioner raised his voice a little. “ Forward there. Are the Moslems afraid of dead heathen ?” he said sternly, and turning to his com panion, added, “We’re apparently in the Gwelo cemetery or something very like it. Elementary funerals here. They tip the departed over the cliff, though there are places where they eat him.” The troops went ahead again, while Commissioner Howard swore hard under hia breath, for the valley 6eemed filled with the loud crackling, and every now and then a HausBa tripped up, and went down, with a rattle of arms, fall length in the tangled, wet grass, from which he emerged shivering and shaking. At la3t, jnafc as they neared the steep, tree-clad ascent, which rose above them, Lieutenant St. John trod, upon some thing soft, which yielded beneath his feet, and turned deadly Bick as he hurried away. Then they climbed up wards into the murky blackness beneath groves of paw-paw trees and cotton woods until the foul odours of the doath valley grew fainter, and the fragrance of acacia flowers filled ’the air. Presently the soft tread in front ceased, the Haussas came to a standstill, and the white men harrying forward saw two tall wands set up on either side of the path, decorated with tassels of carious charmB. “ Great is the magic of the heathen. Even the Moslem dare not p»3s here,” said Commissioner Howard. “ Every man to his trade. Bring up Mephis topheles, yonder.” The Ju-Ju man advanced towards the staves with an ugly smile upon his face, and muttering some incantation, held up his arms while the troops passed, .the Haussa3 casting uneasy glances over their shoulder aB they went by clenching their rifles. A little later the Lieutenant sprang aside, for something whistled out of the bush and sang past his head, and next moment a light-shafted spear struck quivering in a paw-paw trunk. The sight of a tangible weapon and certain danger acted like a tonic on the white man, and shaking off the vague, half superstitious dread which had crushed down his courage, he drew the weapon forth, saying sarcastically, “ This is the ghost of a spear, I suppose." . “ No,” answered Commissioner Bell, fingering the blade, “ very real steel this time, and poisoned, too ; but if that fellow gets away it’s all up with our raid. Don’t shoot, for your life,” and he grasped his comrade’s arm as the latter pointed his revolver towards the bush where there was a faint rustling. The officer shook off his grasp, and would have bounded into tho shadows, for he grew quite hot with indignation at this cold-blooded attempt upon his life ; but the Commissioner’s fingers gripped his collar, and he heard a stem voice say, “ Be still, you madman. Do yon want to bring the whole place about our ears ? He will hardly escape the Haussas.” So for a space they waited, breathing hard, and listening to the crackling of undergrowth and rattle of palm branches, while the Ju-Ju man in the iron grip of two soldiers, and the Commissioner’s teeth met as he wondered if the Feddah had betrayed them, It would hare gone very hard with him if he had, Then a faint cry came ont of the blackness, followed by a breaking of bushes, and the two white men ran forward, unit'll they saw a Haussa in a desperate straggle with a naked negro. . The Com missioner’s revolver butt fell like a sledge hammer npon the black forehead and tho man dropped with a moan, while the 1 Haussa straightened] his _ back and gasped for breath, after which he pro ceeded to bind the hands and feet of his prostrate foe with his own waistcloth torn into strips for the purpose, reviling him for an accursed heathen meantime. “Ju-Jn iiovice, out of harm’s way now. Stuff his mouth with palm leaves,” said the Commissioner, and again the march went on. “ Gwelo is not so clever as he thinks,” said the Commissioner as they baltM for breath later on beneath the rustic branches of a palm. “ The joke of the matter is that he has doubtless armed sentries and a nice little ambnsh and barbed spears prepared for anyone who approaches his front door. This path is evidently only used by the Ju-Ju priests when they descend to the cemetery for some ghastly purpose of their-” He broke off suddenly, for there was a clattering overhead, and a long, sinuous object, gleaming even in the blackness, slid down the curving fronds of the palm, and fell at the Lieutenant’s feet. Then there was an apery hiss, and Com missioner Howard said hoarsely, “ Don’t stir if you value your life.” A rifle butt came down with a dull thud, and the white man sprang aside from something writhing in the leaves. Presently stoop ing down he made out a big snake lying before him with a broken back, while a Haussa, rubbing his Snider heel-plate in the mould, said in the vernacular, “ No man may escape his fate, but tbe officer man was very near his death this night.” As they moved away Lieutenant St. John felt that a little of this kind of thing would go a very long way; then he turned round, for he heard a sound of dull blows, and saw a group of ehadowy forms dancing like pigmies around the reptile. “ Only black monkeys,” observed the Commissioner. “ There’s war to the end between the monkey tribes and the snakes. They are taking it out of him now he’s helpless. I’ve seen human beings do the same.” Eventually, worn out, dripping with perspiration, and drenched with dew, the little band came out upon the flat top of the bill, and at a low order sank down behind festoons of . trailing creepers on a low ridge which com manded the village. Before them lay a narrow strip of clearing, and behind it the black outline of a stockade. There was a dry rustle of palm fronds over head, and from beyond the barrier rose the monotonous “ tap-tap” of a monkey skin drum and the croon of a mournful chorus, while at intervals a flickering light moved from hut to h nt. “ We must wait a while. They’re sure to get up some kind of a feast to celebrate the raid, and that’s alwayB held in the dark. When they’re stupid with palm wine we’ll seize the gate,” said the Commissioner softly, after con sulting with the Ju-Ju man, and silence settled down. Presently a woman lifted up her voice in a long, eerie wail, and Lieutenant St. John shuddered as he lis tened. “ The death howl ; her bus band’s dead,” said the Commissioner softly. Afterwards shrieks of pain and the sharp cracking of glass-edged whips of manatee . bide rang out through the steamy darkness, and the Commissioner ground his teeth as he listened to the cries of the unfortu nate slaves. When the sound died away the red glow of a fire blazed np in front of a huge basket-work house, and a hideous din of native drums rose into the air, followed by a full-throated and by no means unmusical chorns ; and the Commissioner smiled grimly. He knew that inside the chief’s house headman Qwelo was making himself drank among his guests with Jumbo wine, and that presently he would mock at the British Government and revile the name of the White Qaeen, ignorant of the fact her hand was already lifted to crash him. *• Confound them,” said Commis sioner Howard, softly but viciously, shaking the heavy dew from his thin jacket. “ I’ll be down again with fever after this. Why those brutes always feast at night I don’t know, any more than I do how to get in, and Apollyon here can’t tell me either. We could storm the place, but then someone would get themselves killed, and the Governor would talk. It’s a case of ‘ soflly soffly ’ again.” Another burst of fierce merriment rang out, mixed with drunken shouts, and so, heeding not the handwriting upon the wall, Chief Gwelo, like Bel shazzar of old, held high festival and boasted before his guests, knowing not that the enemy were already about his gates, and that he would be sternly called to account for the innocent blood that he had shed. Meantime the two white officers and the Haussas lay still as the dead among the undergrowth, drinking in germs of disease with every breath of reeking miasma, with the Jn- Jn man among them, the Commis sioner's revolver muzzle a foot from his breast. Then a gate oreeked noisily in the rear of the village, and four dark figures came forth, the flickering glow of a torch falling upon something long and heavy they carried between them. They halted on the verge of a cliff which overhung the valley, the light shone fall upon the rigid figure of a dead negro, and again the Lieutenant shuddered. A hoarse voice cried aloud, there was a swaying of shoulders, followed by a sickening thnd far below, and the torch went out suddenly. The Ju-Ju man rose to his feet, and, whispering to the Commissioner, went forward alone. When he had a start the little party creps out into the clear ing, and, while some mov.ei like flitting ghosts .towards the main entrance, which was not the one that lay nearest, the rest followed in his stepp, keeping carefully in the loom of tho palms. Then five men moved from the cliff side towards the opened gate, and Commis sioner Howard gnawed his moustache as halting in the shadows he wondered whether the wily Feddah had duped him after all. A moment later there was a sharp challenge from the gateway, and by the smoky glare of a torch the white men saw the Fetish priest waving the sen tries imperiously aside. The men hesi tated. Chief Gwelo’s orders were sharp and stem, and they knew he visited his displeasure upon the disobedient with keen steel and scorching flame, but they feared the Jn-Jn devils even more than Gwelo, and the gate was opened wide. Lieutenant St. John caught his breath as he waited for what would hap pen, until a low whistle sounded, and he heard his comrade shouting hoarsely in the Haussa tongue, and there was a rash of many feet towards the gate. Next moment he was throngh the stock ade, and charging down the main street of the village, revolver in hand, among the bayonets, the Shantis flying wildly before them, nntil again there wbb a sharp order, and, while half the men faced outwards with rifles at the ready, the rest spread a shining arc of steel abont the doorway of the Chief’s house. A Trmnlring voice rose above the cries of the villagers, “ Come forth, Gwelo the Great,” and the redoubtable raider lurched drnnkenly forward, shouting with rage at the sight of the exultant foe. Looking stupidly about in search of a WBapon, and finding none, he stag gered forward, and would have leapt upon the bayonets, to grasp at bis be trayer. A Haussa sergeant called, “ Slay him not; E.mite with the butt,” and & private swung bis -snider by the muzzle, and striking the headman across the shins, a negro's vulnerable point, the big warrior went down head foremost within a foot of the shining steel. Then, as the slave raider and dealers came ont one by one, the Government interpreter proclaimed aloud that after five minutes’ grace every man seen with arms in his hands would be. shot, and, furthermore, that the town would be fired if they did not deposit their wea pons before the white men in that time. So, finding no escape, for there was a guard at both gates, the Gwelo people yielded with the best grace they could, and thus, without the spilling of a drop of blood, the raider was taken red handed. Early next morning, leaving a pile of snapped spears and broken flintlock guns behind them, the troops marched south, convoying the libsrated slaves. Gwelo is in durance vile, and it will be long ere he raids the hinterland again, while the Ju-Ju roan, who was prevailed upon to visit Accra as a curiosity, re ceived a liberal reward, and then, after attempting to poison a sick official, who was foolish enough to test his powers, fled suddenly by night, and his where abouts are unknown. Probably he did not return to Gwelo for urgent reasons. Commissioner Howard smiles his usual languid smile as be tells the story, but the heathen of the Hinterland now treat the warning of that officer with much consideration, and are no wise eager to incur the wrath of the White Queen. 