Religious Spiritual Dangers Gluttony. By the Ven. W.M. SINCLAIR, D.D., Archdeacon of London and Canon of St. Paul's. "A certain rich man ... fared sumptu- ously every day." " Temperate in all things !" Who can say that of himself ? Yet temperance in all things is one of the leading laws of Christian conduct. The Apostleß, under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, toojji the example of our Lord Jesus Christ, and re duced it to principles, which they illus trated in their letters, to the different churches. We can do the same ;we have the main features of His life and character, and we can draw from them the guides for our own action. We have, besides, the ex hortations of His chosen friends to the early members of the new sooiety, and these are a help to us in settling the fea tures of our Christian ethic*. In addition to that, we have the moral systems of .&«/ most enlightened nations and the greatest philosophers . for purposes of .comparison ; and there can .be no doubt about their united testimony,' moderation in all things, and not an extreme In either direction. When our Lord remarked that the Son of Man came eating and drinking, and they said " Behold a gluttonous man and a winehlbber !" He, was only calling atten tion to the malignant observation of His opponents, who refused to be pleased either with the severity of John the Baptist or with His own refusal to be austere. He created great quantities of generous wine on one occasion to Increase innocent happi ness ; and it was clearly His custom to ac cept invitations to hospitable entertain ments. He taught mankind by His example to receive with thankfulness all God's good gifts, and He bad no condemnation for blameless enjoyments. , At the .same time He was strong in His denunciation of all excess. He warned against the pleasures of this life, which choke the word. "Take heed to yourselves," He said on another occasion, " lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with sur feiting and drunkenness." And again, He spoke against the evil servant who should say in his heart, "My lord delayeth bis coming, and should begin to eat and drink with the drunken." "Woe unto you that are full." He cried, when His soul was peculiarly stirred by human woes and wickedness, ." for ye shall hunger." And it was one of the characteristics of the godless selfishness of the rich man in the parable of Lazarus that he put no restraint on his appetite, had no ideal of healthy simplicity in private life, had no concern at all for the poor, but lived to please him self, and fared sumptuously every day. In our extreme anxiety about the danger which as a people we incur by the national sin of excess in alcoholic drink we are apt to neglect altogether the no less fatal and suicidal sin of intemperate eating. Now pardon me if I remind you first that there can be no doubt whatever that sim plicity in food is far better not only from a religious point of view, hut Ideally and morally as well. Men require exhorting, informing, and warning on this subject. It was Baton who warned us that intem perance of «ome kind or other destroys die bulk of mankind ; and that life may be sus tained by a very scanty proportion of nourishment. But very few in the present time pay any attention to the advice. The great Greek physician Galen 'believed that no man wouM ever 'be seized with a disease who takes sufficient care to avoid crudities or indigestion—that is, who eats no more than is good for him—and the Scottish physician of the last century, Cheyne, de clared that what was eaten and drunk and taken into the habit is the original cause of almost all the diseases which afflict man kind, excepting only external accidents, pes tilential and contagious diseases, or what the-body suffers from the passions of the mJnd. ■ During the past twenty- five years It is perfectly astonishing how the standard of expenslveness at the table has been forced up in all the various classes of those who have money to spend. In worldly circles many people will not even go to dine unless they know there Is rare and superexceUent cookery. The hostesses of the world com monly complain that the young men will not come to their entertainments unless the wines are more than commonly rare and costly. Of course, as this happens entirely in the world, It does not matter much from the Christian point of view ; but, at the same time, we must remember that almost all of these devotees of rich eating and drinking are professing Christians, and ought to be utterly different in their thoughts and habits. Social gatherings of friends, which should be purely for high and stimulating conversa tion, become wearisotr^ and burdensome even to him who cannvt do without them by the multiplicity of eourse*.anlLtito.Super abundant varieties and richness.. ofi. the dishes. And the Insane Influence spreads from one circle of society to . another. Families of smaller resources are ruined by the mad competition to be as luxurious in there matters as those who have more abundant means. So the infatuation in creases. Plain living is left, except in the case of individual families, to the clergy as a class, the Nonconformists, t'.e men of letters, the sensible middle section, and those who cannot in any case afford extravagance. And yet all these votaries of the kitchen and the vintage are prominent members of a Chrlsdon society. If amongst my readers there are any of the younger men i»f the wealthy classes who thus enslave themselves to the enchant ments of cookery, I would ask them if they are not ashamed of such a humiliating and degrading pursuit ? Are there no more Interesting subjects for. Christian men's thoughts and conversation ? Can you find no more happy and gratifying way of spend ing that superfluous -wealth which God has given you ,tat .nobler aim*,? There may, Indeed, be *6m» excuse for you. When you were young the lust of your appetite may have b«-en aroused by being pampered with sweetmeats by the Indulgence of a fond, selfish, and foolish mother. When you were at school your desires may have been set.in a wrong direction by tho supposition, frequently put in*? prcctlce. that the greatest delight you could have would be the arrival of rich stores of food from home or you were encouraged to disparage the plain^ wholesome, frugal fare of the school for the petty luxuries of the tradesmen in the street. And "then you were launched into a society where to." fare sumptuously every day" was recognised as one o* the first duties of man. But now you are free and mature : and can you think of no better way of employing your energies and your money? Is it no shock to. you fhsrf. while ymi ar^ daily becoming more closely dependent on delicate extravagance, thousands of men and women, are starring in the very same city, thousands of children every da/ of the year have not enough to eat, hospital* are languishing for want of funds, needful churches are not built because there is no money, every kind of useful enterprise is checked in order that you and your friends* —who are those to whom God has intrusted His talents—may live the life of Dives ? And to what doe* luxury lead if it 1* not beaten back and. driven away? Not only the ruin of the soul, but the ruin of the State as welL In the face of all these vicious tendencies' of the worldly, we like to remember the grave warnings of the Christian Church, ut tered, for instance, by the voice of Bt. Cy prian : " Holy Scripture teaches that an excessive lust of food is not to be en couraged." In Isaiah, when the sceptic says, " Let us eat and drink, for to- morrow we die," " It was revealed in mine ears by the Lord of Hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die, salth the Lord God of Hosts." The same in Exodus : " The people sat down to eat and drink and rose up to play" (and so fell into sin). So the Apostle Paul in First Corinthians : " Meat comihendeth us not 16 God ; for neither if we eat are we the bet ter, neither if we eat not shall we be in want." And so. again in the same epjs'le (against greediness) : ..V.When ye come to gether to eat, tarry one for another ; and if .any man hunger, let. him eat at home, that ye come not; together unto condemna tion.';' So to U» Romans : "The Kingdom of God is not ojeat and drink, but righteous ness and peso* and joy in, .the Holy Ghost;." So in the Gospel according to St. John : "I have meat to eat that ye know not of. My meat is to do the will of Him tha* sent Me, and to finish. His work." . Gluttony is of two kind.*: lusting, to eat too much, and lusting.to eat oja}y of, jlcb. and costly foods, But the warning against the vice is against a dally habit and a con tinual disposition. It has nothing to say against the duty of rejoicing wl*h our friends at fit seasons over the bounties, of God's providence. However simple and frugal a man's habits may. be in the, ordin ary hours of his home and of his business, there are occasions when it is good for him to relax and make merry with his neigh bours. It Is a check to self- righteousness, it prevents artificiality and priggishness, It promotes mutual understanding and good humour, it brightens the monotony of life, it reminds us that we still belong partly to the earth, with all its citizenships and obli gations, as well as to the Kingdom of Heaven. In the Revelation the joys of the unseen world are depicted under the figure of the Marriage Supper of the Lamb, the Marriage Supper of the great God. There is nothing Improper on an occasion of social festivity in having a well-spread table, a variety of food, and a skilful preparation. Nobody need eat more than is good for his health. At such special gatherings there is nothing unchristian in .hospitality, good company., .choice music, lights and flowers, the artistic element in provision and ser vice, the element'of temperance, the ele ment of conversation, the stirring of loyal ty, patriotism, appreciation and charitable feeling, the recognition of gratitude to God, the banishment of care. Simple, reasonable enjoyment Is not the sum of existence, but It Is certainly one aspect of human life, to which both Old and New Testaments bear abundant witness, and one that, if we wish to be complete, we cannot altogether safely neglect. An austere repudiation of God's bounty is not an ideal attitude for a Christ ian. ... . . The great thing for us aft is to have our appetites, tastes, and wishes under full control. This 1* quite; possible even to the weakest of us by cultivating day by day the habit of self,-mastery, In the spirit of prayer, self-examination, and dependence on the strength of God. Our guiding prin ciple will be never under any circumstance* to do anything that will quench the Spirit. " Temperance is a virtue which casts the truest lustre upon the person it Is lodged in. and has the most general Influence upon all other particular virtue* of any that the soul of man is capable of; Indeed, so general that there is hardly any noble qual ity or endowment of the mind but must own temperance either for Its parent or Its nurse ; it is the greatest strengthener and clearer of reason, and the best preparer of UP TO DATE. Th.ere was a " Scene" lo the Houae laat week, during which rarloua unexpected -thing* happened. The " Queenalmnder" artiat addresses himaelf to the motion. it for religion, the sister of prudence, and the handmaid to devotion." God grant us all that true spirit of temperance which is " reason's girdle and passion's bridle, the strength of the soul and the foundation of virtue J" 