A HORSELESS CARRIAGE EPISODE. Aunt Jerusha liu<I never scon or hoa of tin» above, so she flung up t window and popped out her bead with t grai l' and spring of a mechanical toy. Lawks ! Mercy sakes ! Wal. I nov in my life '. It that don't lipat the Dutch Aunt Jeruslia's r/s-n-ris at the tal near the window she bad unceremonious flung up was a handsome young man. ; artist, in fact, who had come to Seodvi to sketch. He took no trouble to expia himself to its villagers, but dropped simply as possible into tho sinipliritv of i life. Mi>. Spearmint." he said, mildly. " yon « ill cl iso Mon! .¡ cdow my buckwlu-.i and sausage will be mu, h warmer." " Ob. bul sakes alive !' she responde '"do look quick, .-iud never mind ymir lute wheats! Ain't that the umtostest thii you ever did see in all your born days-ai t here ain't a shudder ol'a horse to it !" Vilas Stanfield grew interested. He ti. himself from his buckwheat cakes and pr peted bis head trout the window, starin down the narrow by-street on which Am Jcrusba lived with th" true Seedville star " Cesar's ghost :" "What! He it a ghost !-" asked Am .lerusha, yanking in ber bead and lookin keenly at hun, as if one or thc other < them might be growing crazy. "I might, have known that noone bu Miss Waterloo would have ventured int this region willi an juilmimbile tilbury That Illidge will never bold lier!" An seizing his hal be rushed out of the hons and down the narrow elm-shaded stree after the horseless carriage. " Whatever has struck that man ':" erie Aunt .lerusliit, bringing down the windin wit h a bang, now that the show was out n sight. " What <l.d lie edi it !- Waterliv was it r Wait till I go tell Susan Sparrer hawk I've seen a Waterloo," and she bur ried next door with this Wellington o Napoleon'c piero of news. The news affected the Sparrerhawks a it had Aunt Jerusha. They threw up th window and ejected t heir heads, but wit! no satisfactory result. Sam caught, up hi bat and rushed down the street after Mr Vilas St infield, who sprung along ii the wake of the automatic tilbury at ; college-acquired gait. lt was a very nice vehicle, enamelled ii dark green and upholstered in russe: leather. lu the middle of thc seat dressed in dark green and russet to matel the tilbury, was a very young womat manoeuvring the motor as if her only de sire was to keep her turnout at the top ol its speed. Vilas Stanfield could not overtake it He called; be flung pebbles at it: lu whistled. It splashed through the puddles and bumped over the inequalities of thc village by-road as if nothing would bi allowed to stop it. In a moment it wonk: be upon a bridge, a crumbling bit ol antique» architecture that Seedville bad clung to as a footway long aftei they knew it was unable to hold even the doctor's chaise. Recent heavy rains had now al! but washed away its supports. The automobile tilbury was as surely headed for an accident as any whirring express with a boulder on thc tracks. He turned white and whistled again ; t his time the tune he and she had sung in duet, as with th is same horseless tilbury they bad rolled along the hard, broad roads in South-west England. She still whivb'd on. Ho put his fingers to his lips and in- creased tin» strength of the whistle. She stopped, the wheels of her carriage on the very edge of the decrepit bridge, turning whit«-, too, but not because of the danger. *' Mr. Stanfield," she said severely, as he came up, "may 1 ask what this means!'" "Certainly,"»,»; said, touching his hat. " You can't cross the bridge. It's not safe even for foot passengers. I saw you from my boarding-house window, and I caine to tell you." " Very kind, I'm sure," she said, with a little toss of ber russet feathers, " but I've no wish to have you save, my life a second time. We had enough of that melodrama at Hude; " and she puts her bands on the motor handles again. He sprang forward, his eyes blazing. " I'm in earnest, Miss Waterloo. You must not cross that bridge, unless you want to be drowned. " I'm in earnest, too. I shall cross that bridge, and I won't have you save my life. The obligation of having you save it at Bude is enough." " Very well," he replied, in a hard, crisp tone ; " I won't save it, then ; but here comes a man whom I know. Sam," he called, "show this lady how to get across by the other bridge." and resuming his hat lie walked rapidly back to the village. " It's nonsense !" cried Miss Waterloo, as soon as Vilas Stanfield was out of sight. " Of course I can go over this bridge. I have crossed two this morning that were quite as bad." " To tell the truth, now," said Sam, slowly, "he's about right. 1 wouldn't drive our iMK over this liri ige since the last rain. Why, it ate tho mortar right ont 'tween the stones. I'll show you the way 'ronni! hy the other one." "I haven't time," she said, glancing down at thc tiny watch chatelaine at her jacket lapel. " I've lost over rive minutes now, ami I'm racing uni must get hack to A PROLIFIC YOUNG ORANGE TREE. Stoepleton as fast ¡is I can." And once more taking the motor, she shot across the bridge almost to the other side, when there was a waver, a crash, u collapse, and Miss Waterloo and ber tilbury automobile disappeared with the bridge. " I swam," exclaimed Sam, " 1 swam '." and flinging off his coat, he managed to Photo foy Clarke and Son Hay-street. A VINE IN THE DARLING RANGES. pick and scramble bis w.iy across the stream to her rescue " That's right," he called, cheerily, "just sit quiet and 1 will give you a pull on to dryland. The thing wouldn't make such a bad boat if it hadn't whee's and had sides and would float ;" and he gave the tilbury' a strong twitch toward shore as she gathered herself together and tottered to her^feest... " Don't do tliat," she cried. " I'm killed as it is, and it shakes so." " Thc young teller knowed, didn't he '?" said .Sam, discontinuing; Iiis jerks upon the carriage. "Oil, yes. I su-ipose so. Where did lie live r l'lease take nie to his place right awaw I have no other friends about here and my arin hurts awfully," and in spite of her set lips she began to weep. " Don't cry," said Sam. sympathetically. "Hold on a minuto, and I'll tish you out as ñucas a new fiddle," and seizing a plank, he extended it to her from the edge of the bunk, .-md tugged, pulled, splashed, and dipped her ont with it. "Your queer buggy, or whatever it be. 'll have to wait there till I can git some of the boys to give si lift with ^ it. Kin you walk ?" and he eyed his charge anxiously. " 'Cause if you can. I'll gallant you to Aunt Jerusba's." " Aunt Jerusha's 'r" "Yes; that's where he stODs ; it's just next oor to us. an' 'twas her that came trottin' in an' told us about you scuddin' by like'all possessed and no hosses. So I grabbed my hat and came runniu' up to s^e the show, but I didn't plan for no such grand «nie as this. How are you gottin' on -can you walk r" " I will try to," s lie said, stop- ping' oft' very slowly, and catch- ing nt his arni tor support. " You don't mind allowing mc your arm for a little way '?" " Oh, no ; that is-?' and lie coughed violently sis he stiffly projected his elbow. " I've gallanted girls before." They made an odd pair for the village road. She, a draggled, tripping tailor gowned girl ; he, a cherry-cheeked Seed ville swain, wriggling with surplus at- tempts to be gallant and to nobly do his duty, yet growing still more cherry-cheeked T and wrigglesome ns they came within reach \ of the village windows. "There be Aunt Jerusha's right over there." he said. " She'll give you campfire or catnip or whatever 'tis you want. I'll haf to go back and git my coat ; seems 1 forgot it," and dropping her from his arm he vanished around the barn, leaving lier deserted opposite the.brass.knocker on Mrs. Spearmint's side door. Miss Waterloo slowly crossed the by- street to the side door, and, much dazed with the shock, pain and einbarrasmeiit of her condition, she raised the knocker and let it fall with a tap that brought Mrs. Spearmint to the door as if sile had been waiting for it. .'Aunt Jerusha," siid Miss Waterloo, for want of a more formal name, " Is-does -Mr. Vilas Stanfield liv." here?" " He do at present, but he's just gone up and banged himself into what he calls bis study." " May I see him a moment !--that is, I think you'll have to take me in. I've bad an accident : 1 fell through the bridge and '.Land er Goshen! Von don't say so ! Wal now; come right in this minit. I'm awful glad to see you, and so he'll be, no doubt. Hurt, did you say!- Poor thing and you're all sorter damp. I'll lend you my wrapper while you dry off. M eb be IM better git a doctor!-" " If somebody would send a telegram for me," said Miss Waterloo,"''! would-" " Wait, p'raps Mr. Stanfield will ! He's an awful nice young man, an' as handsome as a pieter," and shoving an old-fashioned rocker towards Miss Waterloo, .Mrs. Spear- mint rushed upstairs to the studio. "Mr. Stanfield ! " No answer. " Mr. Vilas Stanfield !" No answer. " He yon aslcc}) !-" "No." " Wal. thev's be'u an accident to the Waterloo, an* she's downstairs wantin" you to telegram." The studio door lied open. Vilas was past Mrs. Spearmint and down the stairs three stops at a tune, but he did not tele- graph. He got tiie automobile tilbury from the water : he sopped it up and rubbed it down till k b>okod as well as when it left the manufacturer. Then because Miss Waterloo's arm was so out of order, he got info the horseless carriage beside her and took her to her home. Later he took her to his home.-Chicago Nc irs. :*' 