OHAPTEa II. " I AND MI BBAUTIFUti BOY ABE AVENGED AT LAST" Hardly had Karl Muller ruinen out or ene noun by the front door, in cager quet*t of Fúthp Demetrias, the " papa," or village pi ieet, wh attended to the ills of tb« body as well aa to tho of tho soul, and was the nearest approach to ¡ medical praotltloner that was tn be met with fe ! at least a seora of miles around, when a woura entered the dwolling from tho back, then stol catlike into the room wherein poor little G ratone lay asleep or dead, for nn one by merely looking s her could have told which. Tho woman appeared almost n girl ia years hei self, and she wan very lovely so far as great, blao eyes, a tiny mouth, with lips as rosy nud lusoioui looking as a pomegranate, the most perfeotl chiseled features, and a wealth of ravon blao' hair, which if let down would have touohed tb ground, make op beauty. Her complexion, however, was dusky and ye Ballow, save where on the cheeks rouge wa liberally applied, for every HuBsian woman redden her cheeks if Dame Nature hasn't done it for hei red being aooording to Muscovite latte, na well a literally meaning in ' the Hessian language u beautiful." The female we have thus brierly deeoribrd wa Katinka, Karl Mullet's second wife, and Greiohan' stepmother, hut Russian blood would assuredly r,o havo given her the weird, elMiku beauty whicl she possessed, had cot that of Bohemia been freol, mixed with it ; for it is very seldom that Ruffian peasant woman is even passably gow looking. Katinka Muller had been bleaching tho home spun in the baok garden when uno had behold he husband strido one through tho isba of the Iron door, looking like a man who had just seen i ghost, and bends his steps towards the copper domed Obnroh of St, Isnao, half a mile dl-.tunt Well onough sho guessed for what reason, inua muon ai her husband was a strlot Lutheran, and nc he could only ba Rooking in such eager haeti the village priest in his mundane character of i physician. ; -, Sho did not dare to oall out to him, to ask whit! was tho matter, for she feared that the exprtftidot of her fnoe might disclose to him aa already guilty knowledge of it i but as soon as ov< r he had turned a oorner out of Bight, she, ns wo havo already said Blunlc into the comfortable home. Seven yean previously he had given to nor this home, togot' el with li ls hand and his name, ofter only tho previout day lifting her np from slavery into 1 roedora, Bht went to ree if ber vengeance was really cunxum mated upon her stepdaughter, Gretchen, who hud ever been gentle, obedient, nud as near ns it were possible, loving towards her, and who had uivei slapped or even scolded little Nioholns, her step, brother, thungh sorely must his mtsohlorou* and even oruol disposition have tried her sweet nacuro almost hourly. Knowing, ns the must havo done all this, lt in wonderful how tho woman could havo regarded her diabolical deed so oalmly and oompluouutly, that without a singlo thrill or shudder shu lifted np each of Gretchen's snowy eyelid* in tuiu, in order to noto tho fixed and glazed expression of the oyes. Next sho thrust a hand under tho young girl's left bosom to discover whether her heart still beat, and, ns a last test, held a llt:lo mirror over her slightly open and stilt rosy lips, to soo whether any dampness waa loft upon ita glittering aa rf ooo by her breath. When Katinka poroelved that the gloss remained perfootly undimmed, her eyes lighted up with a Meroe and malignant joy, and she exclaimed exultantly "That Bottles the matter, nnd I and my beautiful boy ore avenged at last. Now, when- ever Karl slaps his tandcr flesh. Instead ot weeping ns I have always done, I'll bo able to Bailie at tho knowlodgo that both tho pain and the dis- figurement havo been well paid for. The long nosed dog, his enreesos wore ail for hiB German brat, nnd his blows for his Russian child. Uar nud thief ho baa called my littlo Klelt, scores of times, a dear boy, who, even at five years of age would never iiii-a saluting tho hoy loons on entering a room, or oroBS himself with more than the thrco IongeBl fingers of his right hand. Thick- headed Gorman fcol I your daughter owes her death a deal moro to you than she does to me. I should havo had no grudgo against the girl had you treated ber us oruelly ns you bave done my boy, or hud you been as kind to Nick an you were to her. Even as it is 'tia your heart i have tortured and not her body, for sha has tii.d a painless doath." The woman muttered all this in disjointed sentonoes, some spoken aloud, othera scarcely audible. . ' When she had done, n change of exprestion suddenly paseed o<er her fnoe-a look of feat suddenly onroo into it for tho fir»t time, and Bhe oxululmod gaspingly : " Could «ho havj boen nliva whoa ho Drat saw her, nnd if so, can sho have breathed aught oal onliuotl-tu uv.-nkon his suspicions? It is lucky that eho nsltid mo lo mahn her tho cloudberry pnddiug in his hearing, and that it wasn't I who ilrsfc profOicd it. To ra a Itu mattera doubly tafo I will go and cat tome of it myself-ayo, onough to moko mo ill, but noe to kill me, A good thought that. Yes, I nui n deep ono, ciao I wouldn't have boon able to conceal my lavo for Ivan Ivunovltoh, tho urlttdnik (a local poliae ofTfcor) for so long a timo from BO jealous nnd suspicious a man as Karl ; nyo, my lovo, my passionate and devotod lovo for Ivan. Ha shalt put his feet into my pre- sent husband's shoes, and help me to spend his savings as soon os tho sorfs on tho slaboda have been taught to romoinbor that thoy aro men, und oonserjucutly riso In their might and wrath to butcher bim, ns, at times, very little would tempt them to do." tío, half BolltoquMng and half muttering, the beautiful but fiendish woman hurried out of the parlour. After eating a portion of tho poisoned pudding, and leaving her plato and fork'and i'puun with tho by this timo almost empty pudding raiin upon tho kitohen table, ns evideuoe that she hud jnppod thereon, she went upstairs and laid' herself down on tho bod wherein ber ohernb BIX yeuL-eld boy was sleeping with a emile upon his rosy lips, and a softly- dimpled shoulder, with its pertaiulug plump, milk-white arm routing outside the olothes. His font] mother kissed him again nod agnln without awakening him, and then, clasping him tightly in her ombrace, calmly awaited the issue of events downstairs. Her love for. her beautiful boy was the colo virtue whioh she possessed, and lato, that Bingle soft spot in her lunrt a sward of Ara was destined oro long to bo plunged. When Kail Muller returned homo, in oompany with Father Doniotrius, thc latter, after a very careful examination of the apparently sleeping Gretchen, declared that »ho was dead, thus increas- ing tho fond father's anxiety to a mental agony which Ic is impossible to desorlbo, Ho moaned and aobbod and ravod, ns though ho had takuu leavu of his souses, and ia his ravings ho openly ncouscd his wife of having boen the murderess af his uhild. But when that wifo was discovered lying Btrotohed at full length upon a bed, iu apparently a very similar condition to Gretchen, bu called himself a monster for having BUrproted bor, ami besought Father Demetrius at all events to Bave her lifo, or that olso ho should go mad, with muoh moro to tho sarao odour. So tho prlcut did his bett, and by tho help of a strong omotio enabled the woman, who was In a great moaauro shamming, to vomit up suoh small portloua of tho pudding us eho had for precautions euko eaten, ana it was accepted m undeniable evidence of hor inoconco,.both by tho "papa," and by her husband. When iufornod that Gretohon was dead and frora what eau> o, her apparent grief wus so tutur ally put on, nud eo intento, that Karl, who a few minutes previously, had been ready to kill her ». the presumed pnlsooer ot his child, kissed her instead, averting that nhs waa mora to bs pitied than blamed, and dedaring that he oonld thank God for sparing Mm two of his dear ones, even though, in His infinite wuditn, Ile had seen St to take away his third. fa the usual old women were sent for to lay ont the corpse, after whioh, at the bereaved father's desire, it was redressed in the pretty festal con- torne whioh the young ghi had worn on her seventeenth birthday, laid In a pink oom a on account of her sex und y.inth, and tba third day wai appdnted for her burial. But Karl Muller would nnt have the coffin lid fastened down until tim« brought with it the neopsdty for so duing, f r Gretchen looked even mire beautiful in death than «he had dona in life, and the 8orrow-]u.<en prirent could not bring him- self to shut that sweet young fnoe away from his | gnze for ever until he was absolutely bound to do so. ' 