THE ]BENDIGO ~A:D\TL;RTISER j " *^FCBUSHE» DAIit.) ?BENJJfGQi ,TUESDAY, AXTOUSJ] 1Q,.1£97.. THjE FRUIT EXPORT TRAJ)E. S SjII> experience has shower $iAt;;there are radical faults in tlie present) system of fruit export.i .It appears_to.be a mere chaiice'if shipments of "fruit arrive in gcod condition in London. The difficulty is. t(? discover where the fault" lies. . Upon this, -opinion is' divided; The most carefully'paclced sound fruit, it| is alleged", is found in bad condition at the 4iid;©f>'Atf voyage, and the shipping conipan^' is blamed. . Ou the .ofher hand" ship ?oftjeef-s.: allege that; every attention was ; paidr .to; keeping the cool chambers at -the prop'ev jtemperature,- and they blame tlie exporter-, alleging that-','{Meruit, .was -ill . assorted, bad]y;pa'ckedarid damp r/hen . pat on ^tbarcl. There are probably faults, on both siijesl Tfie Perishable Products Board states! uiV-Hs-- report- that-when'a vessel 'is filled frh m end to end it is then that the de-' fectS"*'oi cold - air- are inost -.-^bs&rrtible.t; Close.,packing causes sweating, the drip from the'ffddj air produces ,'dampj ? t!/irbonie:acfd gas.represent, and the" yarying;;spce|3V of the engines/affect the temperature In th'e holtL. .It ii^ev^dent from these cqnclusions.that-a ?'cfeafige is required. Ecuitgcowersnvho have 6xpei'irr|ented frolir "year'to "'"year and" suf fered Ipss-and most.- oT:;them Imve.bpen losbrs-rare not likely. ±o continue1'the-un ,profitable trade.'i; Steps should, be taken'to assist]' them.. Better .knowledge - must 'be obfaineqi as to when, to -pull - .the different -kindsJof fruit fi^ii' tlier 'tirefe^- tlie ijize'and fornvof jbox, and the method of packing. . ^Something also shauld he done t6 secure more.. Reliable management in tlie cool chambers on board ship.. Unless this can be.accomplished the money which has been expended as bonus for the planting of fruit treeswill be so much money thrown away* JTo. tinje should be lost in taking "action ; so as to secure the antici ]uiCed benefit for the coming season's crop. Fruitgrowers, as might be expected, are very anxious over this matter, and, fortu nately, 31 r. Taverner, Minister, of Agricul ture, is desirous of helping them as far as possible, In his opinion,, fruit can be car rreil. successfully^ if it be perfectly sound | when shipped, carefully packed and placed in-Vell ventilated chambers,, ip, which an even temperature is maintained;* -As a pre liminary to further action, he recently held a conference with representatives of the mail.steamers to see if it were possible during the off season tq_jiave a. scries, of . experiments made in chambers, set apart. for fruitof different kinds, the temperatureiuthe chambers to be at different degrees iu order to ascertain ? which- is the best.- On this" ..question of '"temperature experts differ. Some think that from 43 to 45 degrees.is: the right- coldness, others of equal experience contendjthat it should never be higher than 36 degrees. The drawback to such experi ments iii the off season, as was pointed out j by the! shipping representatives, is the expense^ and it was suggested tliat, while' the comjpames, would be- willing- to - bear, a 'share of: it," the Burden -might -be lightened if the otjher colonies wera invited to-join in the, experiments! But why take the off season?! Surely .arrangements could be madetoliave the experiments during the ordi nary season and heavy expense be thus saved. A feeling exists in many quarters that the shipping companies can do it if they choose. ' There is good reason to believe that' the temperature in the cool chambers on board ship ranges about 50 degrees, and there is a general opinion that such a temperature is.too; high. It is quite possible that at times the temperature is lower, but it is evident from results that a varying temperature from high to low is] not conducive to keeping fruit in good Condition. That such variations take place is j almost certain, as shipping com panies decline to allow automatic registers of temperature to be fixed in. the cool: chambers. Such registers would put a responsibility upon the -companies, they apparently desire to escape. This ouestiou of tempera tjure i.0,withoutdoubt,niostimportant. That it lfiiist be even, whatever the degree of cold, as generally admitted. What should the temperature be ? That is a matter which the Government, having, freezing' ' machinery and chambers at command, could have ascertained long ago in the interests of the export trade. Besides temperature, the question of ventilation conies in as a factor. Jlere, again, there are two opposite oamps. ! One maintains that there should be ventilationand a dry atmosphere ; the other, as represented by Mr. ffm. Sutherland, of 1 Kew.that fruit should bepacked close.so as to ' exclude ventilation, and that the tempera- j ture should be 36 degrees, so as to get rid - of moisture. It is folly, be thinks, to have 1 a higher temperature for any of the fruits, ! and that, he believes from experiments he ( has made, would suit them all. In this matter the Government also ought to lv.m> '? experimented. With the view of arriving 1 at a definite conclusion as to the best course , to pursue, Mr. Taverner proposes to invite ] the Ministers of Agriculture of New South ' Wales, South Australia and Tasmania to a 1 conference in Melbourne next mouth. Mr. ' Sinclair, Victoria's London expert, is ex- , pucted to be present, and will be able to ' impart information he has gathered on tlie 1 subject. Fruitgrowers will be gratified to learn that t-ho-Ministev of Agriculture lma | intimated that the Government is prepared i to give material assistance to further the ex- ' port trade. It is to be hoped also that an j effort ivill be made to have the freight, cost ( of fruit very greatly reduced, as the charge t by shipping companies-some 4s 3d per j case-is far too high. Fruitgrowers will j do well to consider if they cannot arrange , business .so as to dispense with some of tlie ! middlemen. 1 Oi'R AV.mn; SriTLV.-Tlie urgency of an ! increased water supply in connection with the . Colih.-in scheme Ikip at last been recognised l>y ( the authorities. Our Melbourne eorresponduiu telegraphs that the Cabinet at a meeting 111-= t , night decided to have a permanent- survey ? made ot the proposed new l-i-servair in comic ? tic-n with the scheme. n PAWAAJUiNT.-Both Hotftes will * meet-'":to day.£^he^Mines ^ct'Aifiehjhnent^BiU will.Jie {urth<^;consideied-.in jcoimnittec in the Lcgib-, lative'CouSiciH->as,wiH^'nlso/.'thes Exported Pro-/ ducts Bill. Before proceeding with the further consideration of the Comnfonwealth of Aus -trBlia-liraftGonstrtntirtn-m-Hie-Legishrtive-A-s 'jeniblj-^'theMinister T>t MinesVv.ill'movcs that -itlis" expedient U> permit cultivation of 125,000 acres of land-forming part of thcTynell Downs ?Station in accordance with the terms and con jlitioaS.scLt fort h in the cirrespondeneo between himself and Mr. K. H. Lascelles. Mr. Wil liams will, later on, start the debate cn the narrow gauge railway question by moving that a two feet line be constructed between Wan garatta, and Whitfield.* - - - THE" MISIXO IXIVTSTIIY.-Oi:r Melbourne correspondent wires :-The Cabinet resolved to-nighrtlUTt if time permitted it would intro duce a lueafuve.this. session to enable no lia bility mining . companies to establish branch registers in London in order to meet the con "vftnieifec of foreign investors. ' TMP'R'OVEII LIGHT FOR'RAILWAY CARRIAGES. -'Af;a meeting of the Cabinet last night (wires our Melbourne correspondent) it was decided to adopt -the Pintsch light for the lighting of railway carriages. !- 'SifR BESintfONiAN.*''-A special feature of" this week's? JlendiaO'iia-i will be six large and splendid photographs of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee^^procession in Lin.'on in June. The photographs were ^eeureil- expressly for* the* Bihdi idiliaii1 and some.of'them differ materially from those.that have already been produced by c loniaj papers. - THE ENGLISH MA 11.-The P. and 0. Co.'s Parramatta, witli, the English mails to 9th July, arrived'at Albany "on Saturday night and left on Sunday morning. The mails may be expected ill Bendigo on Thursday. THF: WEATHER.- Most enjoyable .weather wasrexperienced yesterday.- The readings at .MtC.Jk Edwards', jeweller, were:-Ther liiom?ter,' -,9 a.m.,.?443.; 12 iioou, '56s; 3 p^i.y 61° V'G..p.m.,".-54;maximum,'-(i'2^; minimum.. ?3§?.-i ." Barometer, 9]. a.m., 59*76 ; 3 p.m., i29'6'3;; 6 p.m,,^9.i50. r ..f'WARDBS'Sf COITRT.*-In "consequence »i ilia absence of Mr.. -Warden iJwyer at Yea, the business set down for hearing at the.Warden's Court yesterday was adjoin ned for a week. NEW IxsqwEjix.-Ilenry Thomas Biker, Lygon-street, North Carlton, grocer's assistant. Liabilities, £S2 5s lOAd ; assets, -is ; deficency, £S2 0s 10id. Causes-sickness of wife, pressure of credi tors and want of employment. Assignee, Mr. J. Hasker. Filed in Melbourne. ENGI.NEDKIVKES' ASSOCIATION:. - Mr. H. Nicholls (president presided 3t the Weekly; meeting of.members of the Bendigo branch of theA-E.D.A, at the Trades Hall on Saturday night- * The question of celebrating the an niversary was discussed, and eventually it .was decided to recommend to the anniversary com mittee that, in the event of;:it" being resolved: hot to hold sports in consequence of the present: edndition of the eyclii.g track in the Show Grounds, a picnic should be held at Axedale. The sum of i>2 2s' was ' voted as an advance; to the anniversary -committee to meet preliminary expenses. An apprentice - was accepted as a member of the branch, and the meeting then, closed;. . "Miss CHARLOTTE HEM insert.-The entertain ment to be given in the Royal Princess' Theatre' on Friday promises to be m6st successful. The programme is one of the best ever presented in this city. Miss Charlotte Hemming hasattained the highest position in her art, both press and' public bein<' unanimous in her praise. She will' j- appear in dramatic and humorous recitals, and also with Mr. J. F. Deegan as,Rosalind in " As'i ^ ou Like It," and Beatrice in "Much Ado' -About Nothing." Miss Hemming is a Bendigo: native, of whom her friends feel proud. Miss ?Maggie Stirling is already known to the Ben-'J digo. public, and she added to her laurels at the j recent Hambourg concerts. Mr. Amies Bean-' niont is always sure of a warm welcome and ap preciation. Mr. Gladstone Wright, who also accompanies the company, has, since his last visit here,, appeared ina'I the principal citicp i. in-' South Africa, London and provinces." Besides the above,* . Mis? Maud Reidii Miss Ella Macgillivrav and Miss Marion Jones.(jupupil of Mr. .J. H. Bryan, who will actas accompanist) will also contribute to the programme. * Referring to a recent performance by Miss Heiliining, .a contemporary writes : " Laughing is Contagious," at least they say s .. .And that they are not far out, was exemplified by ah incident at a concert in Essendon last week._ .Miss Charlot te Hemming had just given a recital, and not even the most demure and dignified could resist the humor of the piece. Of course the result was an ' emphatic encore. ;Now, one gentleman "in the audience flattered ,(lHiriself that ; lie conlil so far control his risible faculties "as not tl0 laugh (during the recital of the second piece) and made a wager accordingly. By the exercise of giant will power and holding his sides determinedly,-' he managed to contain his merriment during the first verse, and until the audience had again assumed a fait semblance of sanity, -after its convulsive laughter. But when the first -lino of 'the next verse was re cited-well that gentleman lost his wager ; his pent-up mirthfulness escaped in a wild guffaw. A QUESTION* OF POLICE COURT PROCEDURE. -A point bearing on the mode of procedure in police prosecutions was raised by Mr. Barnett. "ih.tlie Police Court yesterday when defending a youn<*'named* Aldred, *'who, with another youth named Fa.wlkhec,. was charged with bo having'in an insulting manner in Williamson streef oirKatnrday night. Constables Caulfield and Martin having given their "evidence,* In spector Murphy intimated that that was the case.for the police. . Mr.; Barnett submitted that the defendants should be discharged as a written: information signed by the informant (in . this ease. Constable Caulfield) had not* been. placed before the bench as re quired" aCecii'dfnJjto an appeal case re cently decided. Inspector Murphy con tended that an Mnforiniition war unnecessary, and asked tha hencii to allow the case to stand bverunt'il he procured:auth'orities in support of' his ; content|pn.^..Mr,. Barnett replied that the ease to which .Jin. Miirphy was referring occurred.at Korrumburra, but in that instance the case for the prosecution had not closed, while here it*.had. ? Mr. Wilson (chairman of the bench) stated that hundreds of cases of a similar nature* -find been dealt with in that court withoutinformationsbeing first laid. Mr. .Barnett. persisted "that though a wrong had been committed in nihetv-nine cases, that would be no justification for continuing it after the error had been udirited out!J The bench after some deliberation decided to go on with the case, which resulted in the discharge of Mr. Barnett's "elienti'U'hile'ilfe bther was fined 40s, in default 48'^hours' .^imprisonment.-- The point in the argument, however, did not appear on the sur face; that was that, if there had been an infor mation lajd in the case, an application for costs would doubtless have been made when the charge was dismissed. OPERATIVE . BAKERS' SOCIETY.-The '.'fort nightly meeting was held at the Trades Hall on Saturday. The president (Mr. Kelly) presided. Consideration of the question as to whether members should wotk with non-society mem bers was deferred till next meeting. Messrs. Hawke and Hanton, of the Trades and Labor Council, were present to address the members, but-owing" ~to the small attendance it was de cided to postpone the addresses till next nieet ing \- CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.-On Sunday morn ing a series of evangelistic services was coni menccd in this church by the Rev. W. H. Scurr, of the Evangelisation Society of Victoria, there being a large congregation. The preacher's text was the 2oth verse 2nd chapter of St. Luke. Mr. Scurr said that if a man was a true believer in the Lord and his experiences were unsatisfactory and of a dead level nature, there must be something the matter with his charac ter. A man's character is known by what lie desires-by what he would do if he had no re straint. It was possible for commonplace people to become immortalised by thorough Godliness. What was the character of Simeon, who thus raised himself t Simeon was just, devout and waiting-waiting for the coming of Chris'. And in order to feel the power of the Holy Ghost come,upon us to glorify us with God, we must be just, devout and waiting. BIT.I.K CHRISTIAN CHURCH, MACKKXZIK STREET.-" A pleasant afternoon" was held in this church on Sunday. The Rev. W. Goyen gave a short address on "State Education," in which he.advocated tho-introduction of Bible lessons in school books. Musical selections were rendered by the Misses E. Collins, Brown and Davies and Master. Thomas. Mr. R. Gray presided at the organ. ' ST. ANDREW'S CIIURCII.-There was a large congregation at this church on Sunday evening, when the Rev. A. S. C. James delivered the fourth of a series of lectures on "The Women of the Bible," his subject being " Esther, the Royal Patriot." The story of the life of the beauti ful Queen of Ahasucrus, who reigned from India unto Iithopia, was related in an interesting manner, and her traits of character detailed by the. preacher. The manner in which she aided Iwr adopted father, Mordecai, and her Jewish compatriots was told, and the preacher re marked that although brought up in a heathen land she was sufficiently noble to do her duty. Duty was not doing that which we would like to do, but doing that which we ought to do: Our claim to immortal fame lay not in the height of our position, but in the nobility ijf our characters, and it was by her character that Esther acquired that reputation which still f.bone brightly through the lapse of over 2.000 r'.-ars. Duty, which Esther obeyed, was an . IT;!i Vader, hut it led t'o the sky, and at the I' p was the crown of the victor and the harp of .;o'd. If we could but impress npoit the women of this land the necessity of doing their dutv Mi«;h as E.-th«r had done, we would ma!;e our .-"uutrv the briyhte>t u;>."m which the sun ever ue I .**-THK feSciro^StJ or '' annual i$n^c*tiiiigfof* sub^tfwrs wds;?hcld*I<j&tfc; .: night. Vffien iKe'-ilectioi] o|;:^aTicer3 took~;place".." iMenMon'^was iniSde ^ricei'jii'ng ths- excellent - manner* in which the officials had performed theirduties during the term, a special vote of th;jftka_bein" accorded. ..-the.-registrar.- .(Mr.. . Thomson). Our .report of the meeting is un avoidably held over. ACCIDENTALLY SHOT. -A youth named Albert Chennllr who" livcsin Smith;stfe6t, was shot in' the thigh ycaterdiy his hrot her while he was firing at a target wiUijwpea-Hfie". The lad was' admitted to the hospitiil.-^ ' MR. Iiinnr's" CONCEUT.1-' Caving to the PKilo^' sophical Society's j^oiiyersazjbne . Being Weld on 20th instl, ilr.^lvirby has decided to" hold his concert on Thursday,- 19th August.. The pro-; gramme willbe of a- very high class character," and will comprise trios, dncts from " EH." " The Creation,"_etc. '.' THK MECHANICS' INSTITUTK.-The committee' of the Sandhurst Mechanics'Institute draws ihe attention of subscribers by advertisement to the fact that the library will be closed for eight; days, commencing from the 23th of the present month, for the purpose'of stock-taking. Alf books in circulation must be returned to the in: stitute before that date. THK EVANGELISATION SOCIETY- OF VICTORIA. -Mr. W. H. Scurr,-\vho is' conducting a series" of evangelistic services under; the auspices, of this society, in "(he Congregational' Church, Forest-street, Inst evening delivered an interest ing address on the story of Christ "feeding tlie 5,000 men, besides women arid children, with five loaves and two small fishes, as recorded in the sixth; chapter of St. Mark's gospel. *Mr. Scurris.a lluent speaker, possessing a style of delivery peculiarly his own, and his dis courses, freely interspersed as they are with anecdotes told in a racy manne'r, cannot fail to attract attention, while his arguments are forcible and convincing. His remarks were not only dir4cted " <o those.! outside'.th'e church, ' but; members : jv'thin ; ..the .. .fold; who did not! live ? .up . to ... their, professions were vdealt -with in Unmeasured terms. Referring to -the x'alley of'<lry- bones-through which fhje prophet Ezekiel was led lina vision", the rev. gentleman said thatin tbe'present'day there were plenty of .dry-Episcopalian bones, dry Presbyterian bone?, dry Baptist bones-if they .could imagine dry- bones- in a- Baptist Church-j dry Methodist - bones, etc., and . they all wanted revivifying and bringing back to life ifrtKeKjingdom of God was: to be extended. During the service Mrs. Jones sang " While the DayS are Going by.",.with much taste and expression, and the choir rendered - appro priate hymns. This afternoon Mr. Scurr will, hold; ft Bible reading meeting, and the usual evangelistic service will be conducted in the evening.; ... : --- - Ev^dBLisric " SmvicES.-These . services, whicKTialve been conducted at the Foreattstreet AYesleyap"Church . throughout .the past week, were continued on Sunday, the preachers being the Revs. J. Nicholson and R. Ditterich. ;There were larjge congregations.' In the evening Mr. F/Brewster also conducted a successful evange listic mission' in ths A.N. A. Hall. \- SOCIAB.-Asocial evening will be given by the. St. Mark's Girls' Friendly Society in the church schoolroom, Golden-square, to-morrow. Refreshments will be provided, and a good pro gramme ;will be presented. SHIRK; OF EAST LODDOX ELECTIONS.-It is notified by advertisement that the annual elec . Jtripn of councillors for the three ridings of the .above share will be held on Thursday, 26th ! August, jto fill the vacancies caused by the re tirement. by effluxion of time of, Crs.'Potter, -iiaird and Coulter. Nominations close on 10th 'August.; \- BEEBE anu MAYNE, monumental soulpto:s and' general stonemasons, Mitchell- street (tram terminus), beg to inform the general public they supply mtonument", etc., of the newest and' tea designs, j All workmanship guaranteed the best. ADVT.] ' . FINN'S MAGIC OINTMENT I All . Chemists FINIS 'S MAGIC OINTMENT | and Grocors FINN'S iLLVER.PILLS _ I sell them. . FINN'S OLIVER PILLS | [ADVT.] .. Music.! -Music.-Mrsic.-Bankrupt, stock jus, .openedi. 5,000"copies" lci£standard pieces,'songs, etc. . to be cleared at 6d per copy. M. J. E. Staple ton, Dookseller, etc., 27 and 2!) Arcade.-[ADVT.] The anniversary ball of the Loyal Bendigc-, Lodge will be held to-night at the Oddfellows Hall. 