A SYDNEY MIfRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A. REPORTER. TriH INTERESTING CASE Or MR THro?As JARVIS, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS- CRIPPLED-PARTIALLY PARALTSED, SUFFERING FROM LOCO MOTOR ATAXIA. AND HELPLESSNESS. DOCTORS, HOSrITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DIE AS HIS C5SE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. To-DAY HE IS A NEW MAL,'5'ULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, IHIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT aLD OUT. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we live published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-yer-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest man in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary question, he said: "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long wereyou suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christima, I met with an acci dent. I got badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street. Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." ",What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as- much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tionLe" "Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the loo ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give upthe ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was un * der him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac ised'by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by ftse advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workmsan, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many day. It was incredible. I inunediately left the bed and was able to movre about I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the filth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to be able to use them, and now I dont want them. i I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly re gaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mra Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." -A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. *" I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very -pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. • On the mantlepiece there is albox of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain, But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amaged at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about aqgin has caused quite a sensation out here," -Bnch is the remarkable history, and con Sfim what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astounding cures wreught by Dr Wilhams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomoter staxy, partial peralyal, nd spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as sagmia, pale and sallow complexion, Iom i appetite, general muscular weakness, in digestion, shortness of breath, pains in the bck nervous headache, &o;, These pills are a tonic, not a purgatlee. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and-are sold by all chemists and store keepers generally, or the Dr Williamas' Hedicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s9d. or half-dozen for 14e 9d. The twenty-frst call of twopence per ahae on the -capital of the Union sininu Company will be payable to the legal manager on Wednesday. Duncan Gillies;, at the Atheneum Hall on Wednesday of last wdek, declared him self is favor of Imperial Federation in insolvmey law and quarantine: Victoria, thanks in a large measure to Duncan Gillies, knows as much about insolvency as it wauta to. and has pretty well made it an ueIbeaeable law unto herself. As to quarantine, if regulatious Gould be framed o provide for the permanent clea ns.ig of sew ooamtries froma the booming taibe, it w044 Io wg-ve7ro well.-hassp ion. 