Prisoner No. 9, BY Ada BV9. Inehboid, Author of " A Modern Buyurd," "Missing — A Husband," &o; , &o.; corritiauT. Alenlray lay cradled on tho waters like an enchanted island. Light, golden, brilliant, dazzling, flooding sky, other, nnd waves, emanated m myriads of rays from tlio radiant yellow-orbed mm whiuh wus dipping into the sea between the outstretched arms of the Golden Gato of Sun Francisco Bay. Light that transfigured tlio low rolling hill country shirting tho southern swoop of tho bay, into in i -a flows of liiinbent sheen. Light, that rolled ovor tho vast northern rungo of moun tains, dimpled and modolled as California hills nlotie, in opalescent tints which melted mid changed in colour with overy fieoting second. Vein Hanoliotto hnd nover soon sucli a sight in her lifo. She was sitting on tlio loose, yellow soil of tlio oxtremo north-western corner of tlio island, with hillocks of sand rising sheer nt licr back cutting off all viow of tho fortifica tions and bnrracks. Slio might liavo been tho first or tlio last woman in tlio world, so complete wns hor isolation. Sho lay thoro entranced, laving her wliolo soul iu tlio spirit of living, atheroal beauty that moved around, nbove, und on thu waves beneath hor. Sho forgot that for six weoks sho had been tossing on tlio Pncifin Ocean till sho liud grown to liato tho ondlcss monotony of soil nnd nky, nnd sky und sea. Sho forgot that sho nnd hor husband had only landed in San Francisco two days ago, and that tho noxt week would find them climbing tho lofty- Sierras, and tearing across tho continont to rcaoh Now York in timo for tho first night of hor husband's new piny. Masses of purplo-bluo lupines, oreot and graceful in their bright green sheaths, rose in wild profusion round tho silent, absorbed figure. Ouo cluster at tlio edge of tho eliif wus silhouetted, from Vera's point of vision, with vivid offset against tlio primrose sky which bordered tho distant hills. Ab she was dreamily noting tlio rioliness of tho contrasted colours, a dark object roso suddenly behind the flowors, and blotted out tho fair hack- ground. It wus tho head and shoulders of a man, hoarded, dark, and hutless, who was uscond- ing a steep patii loading from tho skoro to tho eliif. Vera gavo nsurprisod start, then smiled and said : " What a long timo yon liavo boon, Gcoifry ! Wlioro's your lint ?' ' _ As tho whole figuro of tlio man camo to viow slio gavo an oxclaination of dismay, and sorumhled hastily to hor foot. Tlio man was attired in a common gray uniform, minus bolt and badge, and carried his oap in his hand. As ho laboriously gained tho plateau a second figuro followed him, and then a third, till tlireo men in similar attire stood rovoaled to Vora's startled gazo. In thoir immediate roar followed u soldier, urmed with gun und sword. Ho pointed to tho loft lifter a quick glanco at Vera, and tlioy marched single file round tlio eornor of tho lull and disappeared from sight. Vera was trembling, hut for no real reason, boyoud tho faot that she had mistaken tho vagne outlino of the strange innn for her hushund, wham bIio momentarily cxpoctod to roturn. Geoffry had left hor comfortably seated with a book in this plcusant spot, while ho hud wandered to tho other side of tho island to mako a skotoli for his artiolo in an enstom journal on tho Pacific coast. Tho sudden interruption considerably cooled Vera's enthusiasm. Sho looked around nervously, and all at once realised she was alono. Tho ail wns getting ohilly ; sho raised hor shawl from tho ground, shook tlio sand from hor dross, and then picked her way through tho flowors to tlio narrow footway oiroling tho mounds of sund. Geoffry Hnnohotto hnd finished liis skotoh, and wns hurrying bnok to his wifo us quiokly as possible, hut lio had started in tho opposite direction, thoreforo ovory stop lio und Vera took carried thorn unconsoiouslv farther apart from each other. Ho reached tlio spot sho had recontly quitted, was surprised at hor disappearance, but reflected she would speedily roturn, and tlioy might miss each othor if ho attempted to find her. Ho put on his big invomcss nnd throw himself on tho ground to watoh tho sunsot and wait for his wifo. Meanwliiio Vora followed tho vnguries of the pnthwuy she had ohoscn, now dosoending betweon high banks, again descending to open space ; on 0110 side looking down lit tho waves at tho foot of tho oliff, on tho othor at tho tunneilcd walks behind tho ramparts. Einnlly tho path amorged on tho pnrado ground, situated nt tho linso of tho island, flanked with heavy nrtillcry which com manded a wido Bwcop of tho bay. Somowlioro lioro sho oxpected to find Geoffry. IIo wub not in sight, so slio crossed tho ground, liositated as to whether sho should tako tho road lending to tlio Btimmit past tho officers, quarters, or keep down ou tlio shoro, with tho intention oi circling tlio island nnd re turning to her former resting place. Sho decided to stay below, dosoonded tho sloping hank, nnd hognn to oliooso lior way cnutiously lirough tho pohbles und houldors border ing tho sea. On she wont, witli un occasional looked bokmd and ahead, hut lior oliiof atten tion givon to protecting hor foot from tlio sharply pointed stonos, nnd lior skirts from dipping into tho pools of son water loft by tho receding tido in tho fissures of tho rooks. Slio bogan to onjoy it, and lingered nnd dawdled tho timo away, while bohind tho island tlio sun sunk into tho ocean, and nold gray tints woro creeping upwards and absorbing tho last warm linos of tho radiant sunset. A prolonged shrill stonm whistle suddenly rang through tlio air. Sno hud just reached a bond in tlio shoro whioli commanded a viow of tho landing atngo, some hundred yards distant. A small steamer was along tlio Bido ; somo peoplo and Boldiors woro standing near. Vora pulled out her watoh. "Is that our boat? Yes, it is.- How stupid of Geoffry ! I warned him about the time." i Sho bogan to run, but could not make quick progress over the rooky ground. For a moment she stopped to gain breath, und lqpjnd uqxlwjy qqenil.in the hppo of seeing Geoffry on tho look-out for her. Tho whistle resounded, tho hell rang, . A figuro onmo'down tho liillnt tho other ond of tho wharf, . As it enmo riearor Vera .reeogniBod hor linshand's long clonk nnd brond-brimmod hnt. Tho sailors woro draw ing in tlio bridgo when ho gained tho sido of tho pier. With one bound ho sprang ovor the opon spaco into tho boat. Tlio wuter splashed in tho wheols, tho ongines throbbed, and in a moment tho littlo stenmcr wus swiftly cnttiug its wily through tho water. Vora, recovering from hor paralysed horror at this marvellous desertion, rushed on waving lior slmwl fi-nntiuully and trying to attract attention, Willi huaving bosom and suspioionsly bright oyos slio gained the wharf anil ncenstcd tlio first porson slio met. "Tho boat has gone. I liavo been loft behind. Can you stop it ?" Tlio soldier listened respectfully, and an officer stopping into a low carringo at tho sido of tho road tinned at tho sound of Vcra'n voice, porcoiveil sho wns a stranger, und camo forward to speuk to licr. ' I will speak to Captain Drayton," tlio soldier replied. Ho fell back ft stop ns tho officer advanced, saluted, and added, "Hero lio is himself, ma'mn." Vora felt that hor position was cxtromely awkward. Sho know nothing about tlio island of Alcntray beyond tho facts that it lay in the middio.of San Francisco Bay, that it contained a fort mid military prison, thnt no civilians lived on the island, that Gcoltry liud been obliged to prootu-o u pons from the Coininuiidc-i-.in.chicf to bo allowed to land thero ut nil, that the only means of access were tho Government stenmci-s which ran to and fro at ccrtniu intervals, and that tlio last ouo for that day had taken its dopartiiro, currying hoi husband away in it uiid leaving hor behind, a lonely, unprotected woman. " I luivo lost tho hunt," sho explained. " I camo hero this looming with my .husband. Ho wont for a walk an hour ago, mid instead, of remaining whoro lie left mo I went to meet him. Somehow Or other wo liavo missed each other." Hero sho paused to gulp down a rising lump in hor throat. "But you will cjisily find him," bogan tho cupluin, in reassuring tones. "No," said Vera, despairingly, " ho is in the bout." Hero a comical sido of tlio situa- tion struck hor, and alio added, with the ghost of a smile : " I saw hini tako a flying leap just as it started." "1 remonihor," suid the captain, "I won- dered who ho wus, hut I soo now why ho porfonncd that acrobatic feat. Ho fancied you must bo on board, and only found liis mistako when too late." He diligently twisted liis moustache and pondered, while Vera studied tho horizon with increasing uneasiness. "What nm I to do?" sho exclaimed. "I urn unublo to loavo tho islaud. There is no hotel, no " "That question is easily answered," was tho quick reply. "I wus merely considering how yon could lot your husband know you woro iu safe keeping. My wifo will, I know, boplcnBed to rcccivo you as her guest for to-night. Wo can drivo up to our house in a fow moments." Vera mado no demur. Sho was only too thankful to obey. Arrived at tho house, Mrs. Drayton, tho captain's wife, was soon mado acquainted with tlio misadvonturaof hcruunxpeotcd guest, and sho uccontuatcd with cordiulity tho hos pitable offers of her husband. Dinner was soon announced, and before tho first course was over they wero oholting away like old fribnds. " If it woro not for tlio nnxioty my husband must bo fooling, I should ho glad tho mistako was inado," suid Mrs. Hunohotto smiling. " His suffering will not ho prolonged," said Captain Drayton. " Tho first boat gots hero very early in tho morning. If lie is much upsot lie could ovon get ovor here to-night in a sailing boat." " My dear," put iu Mrs. Drayton, "Mr. Hanoliotto will certainly telegraph, and in that enso his mind will ho at oneo rolioved," As she spoke tho soldier who waited ut table ontorcil tho room with a message. " Seigcnnt Johns wonts to speak to you on important, business, sir?" Captain Drayton excused himsolf, nnd left tho room. In a fow moments ho roturnod, looking gravo and worried. "Anything serious?" usked his wifo. "Yes and.no," ho answered. "An un accountable aceidont has happoncd either by chance or.dcsigu, but luckily tho man is not fatally injured." "Who is it? Don't bo mysterious," said Mrs. Drayton as Vora's face ohungod colour. "Ouo of tho prisonors. Tlio patrol found him insensible, with a big bruise on liis foro- liond, lying behind that knoll by tho targets. Tlioy have taken him to the sick ward. I must go and soo him presently." "That is strange ! How did it happen?" "Proper investigation will solvo tho pro- blom I liavo no doubt. Lot us drop tho sub ject. Mrs. Hnnohotto is looking quito un happy." This interruption rooullod to Vera's mind tho singlo file proocssion of gloomy men who liud surprised her among tlio flowers. Sho related tlio way in which she was startled to tho Druytons, and how Hho had uceostod tho first head, popping up like u Junk in tho box, ns her husband. Tlio ovening passod away; no telegram arrived. Boforo going to bed Vera inquired tho hour of tlio urrivul of tho first morning boat. " I always moot tho boat mysolf, and shnll probably bring Mr. Hanoliotto bnok to break- fust," suid Captain Drayton. Tiio wind roso in tlio night, th'o water moaned, Vera could not sloop. Hor unusual situation worked upon her imagination, nnd mado hor nervous und approhonsivo. Sho wns wailing in tho breakfast-room noxt morning whan Captain Drayton oamo up from tho wharf. " Your husband has boon tho ono to loso his boat to-day," ho said, "but I urn not sorry as it ouabios ns to keep yon longer, Mrs. Hancliotto." Ho did not add tlmt ho had personally telogruphed to thoir city address nnd would shortly roooivoau answer. In tho middle of breakfast un orderly brought tho cable message. Captain Drayton opened it, with u hasty oxeuso,, road it twico through, aud tlion put it in liis pockot without spoulting. After tlio meal wus ovor lie showed his wifo tlio message : " Mr. Hnnohotto nnd wifo havo boon nbsont from tlio liotol sinco yester day morning ; baggugo is still hero." 'I soo what lias happened," said Mrs. Drayton, " lio wandered ubout trying to find ft Way of returning, and tlmt fniling, wont to tho nearest liotol for tho night. Still, it is strungo lio lias not telogruphed himself, vory," she added contemplatively. She and Vem met tho noxt boat. Two possengors stepped ashore, but neithor was Geoffry Hanoliotto. "I must got to tho city at onoo," said Vora, this timo seriously frightened. Sho hnd novor been nogleotod by her lmsbund in this fashion, and feared dire misfortnno. "You onn't unfortunately," said Mrs. Drayton, " tho boat docs not return till tho aftornoon. You, -.must como bnok to lunch with mo, and wo will soo whut can bo done. You must not worry, ho is nil right ; wo may find a tologram waiting." Thoro was noultomntivo. On tlioirway up tho hill thoy wero mot by Captain Drayton. "Has tho truant turned np ? No 1 So muoh tho hotter I" ho said clioorfully, as ho noted Voru'B pulpablo distress. Thero was somothing uncanny about this husband of hers. . IVhy did ho not oome or telegraph, ; or sliow somo interest, however slight,, as to his wifo'sfnto? "How is that injured prisoner?" asked Mrs. Drily ton, to oluingo tho subject. " " Hois not in his right Roniies yet, hnsbeon raving, so tho warder said. I must soo him whoir he is fit to speak, as tho report is wait ing to bo sont in, mid no ono knows how ho was hurt." A soldier stopped Captain Dray ton as lio was spenking. "I must go to him now," ho oontinnod, "oxonso mo for ti while." _ Ho wont np a wooden stairway in tho rook side, and was soon in tlio sick ward. Loud altercation mot ills ear upon entering. "Unhand me, man I Do you hear? How daro yon keep me hero ngninst niywill!" This wns queer language for a prisoner's wnrd "Tlio man is raving ugnin !" thought Captain Drayton. ' ' What is the meaning of this commotion," lio called out in commanding tones, as ho strode forward with an air of military severity. Several soldiors wore standing together, and in their midst, by a disordered hod, wns a tell, whito-robed figure, with a bantings romiil liis head. Ho wns strug gling to flud his way through tho group of men, talking loudly with frantio gesticula tions. "Milton! Oct into bed instantly !" called tho captain, sternly. Tho inim looked round and oyed the speaker ferociously. With n cliango of tono ho said ; " You are un officer, I perceive, and I pro- snmo you huvo uutliority to command these mon to stand buck and lot 1110 alone." Cuptaiu Drayton was momentarily silout, from amazement. Tho soldiers, eager to propitiate hiiu, suddenly fell upon tlio offender and forced him hack to bed. Tuken by sur prise, ho was pinned down, unable to move, hut his oyos blazed with fury. ' Tell me, " lio shouted ; ' ' toll mo for what fiend in urcution you tako mo ?" " Prisoner No. 1)1 James Milton!" said ouo of tlio soldiers promptly. Captain Drayton walked to tho bedside and regarded tho refractory patient with curiosity. This wus an entirely now doparturo in tnu character of No. 9. He did not know the mnn in this rolo. No. 9 was biting his lips ; his oyo foil upon tho ofllcor. "Will you order your mon off ?" ho said, ovidontly trying to control himself. " 1 havo told them till I lost all patience, thut I utn not No. 9, pud nm not a soidior ut nil." "Thon, wlionroyou?" asked tho cuptain, to humour his mood. . "? ,"m 1111 Englishman, writer nnd journalist by piofossion ; I never was u soldier, and nover wish to ho one." Captain Drayton oyed tho prostrate figuro intently. Was tho man crazy? The closely cropped hair, tho strongly pronounced features, the beetling brow, all pointed to tho decided physiognomy of primmer No. D. Ho looked at tho hands, hut thoy "were slinpoly, well kept, and delicate, not in the least liko hands used to manual labour. " Wlmt did you say?" repented tho ofllcor after tills brief summary. " Who are you ? " "Geoffry Hnnohotto," shouted tlio ox- nspcratcd man with a ringing stnccuto. " By heavens ! " oxolnimed tho captain ; " explain how yon got here. Stnmf back there," he said, waving his baud to tho soldiers. " Thnt is morn than I can say. I only know I came to this island with my wifo j I had promised to meet her at u oertnin spot, mid was waiting for hor when u torriflo blow struck mo on tlio head. How I got hero, tho Lord only knows." If this was Mr. Hnnohotto then where was No. 9 P This problem was solved ns soon n» Mr. Hnnoliotto's clothes were produced. Tlioy were nt onoo identified ns tfioHO worn b,v prisoner No. 9 : orgo, wherever Mr. Huiichotto's clothes huppened to he, thero would No. 0 bo found; Tlio flying figure of tlio lionl incident flashed across tlio captain's mind. Tho rascal liud fully eighteen hours' start. Howover, Mr. Hanoliotto's removal to moro cpmfortablo quarters was tho first considera tion, nnd by tho timo ho was well enough to leavo tho island, both ho and Vora only rqtained a very softened impression of tlio disaster that .nearly proved a terriblo tragedy in tho experiences of thoir wedded life. 