corleone : a tale of sicily. BY F. MARION CRAWFORD. CHAPTER VII (CONTINUED.) She did no't start or show auy surpriso, but t'uo color began to leave bcr lips. Tbo irritating quadrille wont pounding on in tho distnnco, through the hacknoyed turns of the familiar figures, accompanied by tho Bound of many voioos talking and of broken laughter now and then. " You knew it?" asked Orsino. "How?" " No one told mc ; but I know it— I gueBScd it." ' ' Orshxo looked away, and then turned to her again, his glanco drawn back to bcr by some thing ho could not resist. " Vittoria," ho bogan in a very low tone. Ho bad never called her by that name before. Tho quadrillo was very noisy, and sbo did not understand. She leaned forward anxiously towards him when sho spoke. " What did you say ? I did not hear. The music makes such a noise 1" Tho man was more than over irritated at the sound ; and as sho bent over to him, ha could ulmoat feel her breath on his oheck. The blood rose in him, and he sprang to his feet impa tiently. " Come 1" ho Baid. "Come outside 1 Wo cannot oven hear each other here." Vittoria roso, too, without a word, and went with him, walking close bosido him, and glancing at his face. Sho was cxccssivoly pale now ; and all tho golden light seemed to have faded at onoc," even from her hair and eyes, till sho looked delicate and almost fragile beside the big dark man; "Out .of doors?"' she asked timidly, at the I threshold. , "Yes— it is very warm," answered Orsino, in a voicq'that was a litfla Hoarse. \- "'Once out on tho bridge, in tho shadow, over r'th'h dark streot, lio slopped, and instantly liiB hand found hers and cloBed all round it, cover ing it altogether. , Vittoria could not have spokeu just then, for Bho was trombling from head to foot. The air was full of strange sounds, and tho trees wcro whirling round one another like mad black ghosts in tho moonlight, When sho looked up she could seo Orsino's eyes, bright in tho shadow. She turned away, and came back to them moro than once ; . then tbeir glances did not part any more, aud his face came nearer to kors. < "We lovo each other," ho said ; and his voice was warm and alive again. Sho felt that sho saw his bouI in his face, but she could not speak. Her eyes looking up to his, sho slowly bout her littlo head twico, while her lips parted like an opening (lower, and faintly smiled at tho sweotness of an un spoken word. Ho bent nearer still, and Bho did not draw back. His blood was hot and singing in his cars. Then, all at once, something in her appealed to hini, her young delicacy, her dawn-like purity, heir exquisite fresh maidenhood. It seemed a crime to touch her lips as though she had boon a mature woman. He dropped her hand, and his long arms brought her tendorly and Boftlv up to his breast; and as her head fell back, and her lids drooped, ho kissed her eyes with infi nite gontleness, first tho one and then the other, again aud again, till sho smiled in the dark, , and hid her face against his coat, and he found only her silky hair to kiss again. ; " I lovo you— say it, too," he whispered in hor ear. " Ah, yes I so much, so dearly 1" came hor low answer. Then ho took her hand again, and brought it .up to. his lips close to hor face; and his lips I pressed tho small figures passionately, almost roughly, very longingly. "Come," he said, " we must bo alone— como into the garden." Ho led her across the bridgo, and suddenly they were in the clear moonlight ; hut he went on quickly, lost they should be noticed through tho open door from within. The air was warm and still and dry, as it often is in Bpribg aftor tho evening chill has passed. / "Wo could not go back into the ballroom, I could wo ? " ho asked, as ho drew her away along a gravel walk between high box hedges! "No. How could wo — now?" Her hand tightened a little on his arm. . They Btopped before a.stahuo at tho end; of 'the walk, full in tho light, a statuo that had perhaps boon a Daphne, injured ages ago, and stone-groy where it was not very white, with r flying draperies broken off Bhort in tho folds, and a smull, frightened face that soemcd be tween-laughing and crying. One fingorloss hand pointed at tho moon. . Orsino leaned back against the pedestal, and lovingly hold Vittoria Iseforo him, and' looked at her, and she smiled, her lips parting again, and just glistening darkly in the light as a dewy roso doos in tho moonlight. Tho music was very far away now, but the plashing of tho fountain was near. 1 ."I lovo you 1" said Orsino once more, as though no other words would do, I A deep sigh of happiness said more than tho I words could, and tho stillness that .followed I meant most of all, whilo Vittoria gently took- his two hands and. nestled closer to him, fear lessly-, like a child or a young animal. " But" you will not go away— now ?" she asked pleadingly. " Orsino's face changed a littlo, as he remem bered tho rest of his life, and all he had under- taken- to do. He bad dreamily hoped that be might forget it. " We will not talk of that," be answered. ' ".How can I help it, if it is true? You will not go— say you will not go 1" "T have promised. But there ie time— or, at least, I shall soon come back. It is not so far to Sicily — " 7 Sicily ? You aro going to Sicily?" Sho seemed surprised. /'I thought you knew whoro I was going— " he began. "No— I guessed ;, I was not euro. Tell me? Why must you go ? " ' " I must go because Ihave promised. San Giacinto would think it very strange if I changed my mind." i "It is stranger that you should go — arid with' him ! Yea — I see — you nre going to take pos session of our old place—" j Her voice suddenly expressed tbo utmost anxiety, ob she sprang from one conclusion to -another without a mistake. She press cd- his hands tightly, and her face grow palo again With fear for him. '' j flv" bh, please,' please stay here 1" sho cried. '"'If it .were anywhere oleo— if it wore to do any thing else— ; "Why?" fie askod in surpriso. "I thought you did riot caro much for tho old plnc'. If I had known that it would hurt you — " > "Mo? No! It is not that — it iatforynul They will kill you.- Oh, do not go 1 Do not | go 1" Sho spoke in the greatest distress. | Orsino waB suddenly inclined to laugh, but ho saw how much in carnost sho was. " Who will kill mo? " ho asked, as though humoring her. " What do you mean ?" Vittoria was moro than in earnest ; she was almost in terror for him. Her Bmall hands elung to his arm nervously, catching him, and then -loosing their hold. But she said nothing, though she seemed to ho hesitating in some I sort of struggle. Though she loved him with all I tho whole-hearted impulsch of her nature, it was not easy to tell him wlsat she meant. The Sicilian blood revolted at the thought of be traying her wild brother, who had -joined tho outlaws, and would be in wuiliug for Orsino and his cousin when they -should try t» take, possession of tho lands. "You must not go 1" fitie cried, suddenly throwing hor ams round his neck as though Bho! could kotp him by force. " You shall not go — oh, no, no, no !" " Vittoria— you havo got some mad idea in your head — it is absurd— who should try 'to kill ine? Why ? I havo no enemies. As for tho brigands,, every ouo laughs at that sort of thing nowadays. They .belong to the comiu opera 1" He let himself laugh a liittle at last, for tho idea really amused hira. Sat Vittoria straightened herself beside him and grew calmor, for she -was sensible and saw that lie thought Her foolishly afraid.' I" "In. Rome the outlaws! belong to the comio I opera— yes," slro ausworc'sl gravely. " But in Sicily they are a reality, f I am a Sicilian, nnd I know. People are killed -by them almost every I day, and the mafia proijeots them. They are better armed than tho Boldiers, for thoy carry Winohestor rifles— " " What do you . know about Winchester rifles ? " askod Orsino, smiling. .- "My brothers have them," sho said, quietly. " And tho outlaws almost all have them." " I daresay-. But why should they wisli'to kill me ? They do not know me." Vittoria was silont a moment, making up hor mind what Bho should tell him. She was not positively sure of anything, but sho had heard I'rnncasco say lately that Camuldoli was a placo easier to buy than to hold whilo Ferdiunndo was alive, and she knew what that meant, when coupled with tho occasional comments upon Fcrdinando's mode of life, which escnped in Frauceso's incautious conversa tion at homo. To n Sicilian, the meaning of tho whole situation was not hard to guess. At the samo time Vittoria was both desperately anxious for Orsino and afraid that ho might laugh at her fears, as ho had done alrcndy. "This is it," she said at last in a low and earnest voice. " It has nothing to do with you or your cousin, personally, nor -with your taking possession of Camaldoli, so far as I am concerned. But it is a wild and desolate place, and all through this year a largo band of out laws havo been in the forests on the other side of the valley. They would never have hurt my brothors, who are Sicilians and poor, and who did not troublo them either. But you aud your cousin aro great people, and rich, and not Sicilians, nnd tho mafia will ho against you, and will support the brigands if they prevent you from taking possession of Camaldoli. You would bo opposed to tho mafia ; you would briug soldiers there to fight tho outlaws. Thoroforo the- will kill you. It is certain. No one ever escapes them. Do you understand ? ' Now you will not go, of courso, since I have explained it all." ' . Orsino was somewhat puzzled, though it all seemed so clear to her. "This innfin— what is it?" he asked. " Wo hear it spoken of, but wo do not any of us really know who is tho head of it nor what it can dol" " It has no head," answored tho young girl. '.'Perhaps it is hard to explain, because you are not a Sicilian. The mafia is hot a band nor anything of the sort! It is tho resistance which the whole Sicilian peoplo opposes to all: kinds of government nnd authority. It is, how shall I Bay ? -A sentiment, a feeling, a sort of wild love of our country, that is a secret nnd will do anything. With . us. ovorybody knows what it is, and evil oomes to everyone who opposos it — generally death." "Wo are not much afraid of it, einoe wo havo the law on our side," said Orsino, rather inore- dulously. "You aro not afraid because you do not understaud," answered Vittoria, hor voice beginning ;to express her anxiety again. "If you knew what it is, as wo know, you would be very much afraid." Sho spoke so simply and natuyally that it did . not occur to Orsino to be offended at tho slight upon his courage. "Wo shall take an escort of soldiers, to please you," ho said, smiling, aud drawing her to him again, as though the discussion were .over. But her terror for him broke out again. Sho had not told him all she knew, still loss all she suspected. " But I am in earnest ! " sho cried, holding herself back from him so that ho could see hor eyes. "It is true carnost, deadly earnest. They moan to kill you— in tho end, thoy will! Oh, toll me that you will not go 1" Sari Giaoirito has bought the place — " "Lot him go, and be killed, then, and per haps they will be satisfied 1 What do I caro for anyone but you ? Is it nothing that I lovo you so ? That we have told each qthcr ? That you say you love me ? Is it all nothing but words, more words, empty words ?" .'"No, it is my whole lifo, dear " . Then your lifo is mine, and you havo no right to throw it away, just to plcnso your cou/iin. Let him get a regiment of soldiers sent there by tho Government to live in Santa Vittoria. Thon, after three or four years, the brigands will be all gone." " "Throe or four yoars !" Orsino laughed, in spite of himself. . " Ah, you do not kuow,". exclaimed Vittoria, sadly. .."You do not know our country, nor our people. You think it is like Rome, all shop-- keepers and policemen, nnd CO noble families, with no mafia. You laugh now, hut when they have killed you I shall Dot live to laugh again. Am I your life ? Thon you are raino. What will there bo without you, when they havo killed you ? , Aud the Winchester rifles shoot so far, aud the outlaws aim so straight 1 How can you bo saved? Do you think it is nothing that 1 should know that you aro going to your death?" "It is an exaggeration," said Orsino, trying to soothe her. - " Such things are not done in a civilised country, in tho nineteenth century." "Such things? Ah, and worse, far worse!- Last year they buried a man up to his neck in the earth, alive, and left him there to die, in the woods not far from Camaldoli, bocauBO they thought ho was a spy 1 And one betrayed somo of tho band last summer, and they did: not kill him at once, but caught him - and tortured him, so that it took him three days to die. Yon do not know. You laugh, but you do not know what people thoro are in Sicily, nor what Siciliaus will do when they are roused. ; Promiso me that you will not go 1" Even if all you. tell mo were true, I should go." answered Orsino. " Will nothing keep you from going ?" askod the girl, pitoously. "You will laugh at all this when I come back, to you. You will wonder how you could 1 have tried to frighten me with such taleB." She looked at him a long time in silence, and then hor lip quivered, so that she quickly raised one hand to her mouth to hide it. I " It would havo boon better if I had never left the convent," she said inn broken voice. "Wlion they, liavo killed you, I shall go hack and die Jthero." ; ; "WhonTcome huok, we shall be married, love — — " ; . — j "Oh, no— not if you go to Camaldoli — we .'shall nevor ho married in this world." The: slight and graceful girl shook all over for a. moment, and than seemed to grow smaller, as though something crushed her. But there ware no toars in hor eyes, though she pressed her fingors on her lips, as though to force back a sob. "Let us go back," Bho said. "Iwaut togo home— I can pray for you, if I cannot save you. God will hear mo, though you do not, and God knows that it will bo your "death." Ho put his arm about bar and tried to com fort her, but sho would not again lift her faae, and ho kissed hor hair onco more, when thoy were again in tho shadow on tho bridge. Then they waited till no one was passing through the email room, and went in silently to find her mother. She stopped him at the door of tho ballroom. "Promise mo that you will not speak to my mother; nor my brothers, about— about ub," sho said, iu a low voico. "Very woll. Not till I comeback, if you wish it," lie answered. And they went in, amongst the people, un noticed. CHAPTER VIII. Vittoria realised that it was boyond hor power to keep Orsino in Rome, and she was in great trouble. Sho bad begged him not to speak of . their betrothal, scarcely knowing why sho moido the request, but sho was aftorwards very glad that Bhe had done so. 'To'; lior, ho was a condemned man, and her betrothal was a solemn bindirig of herself to koep faith with a beloved being who must soon bo dead. : Sho did not believo that sho could really outlive him, but if Heaven should ho so unkind to her Bhe had already made up hor mind to return to the con vent whore she had been educated, and to end hor days as a nun.' The acuto mclanoholy which belongs to tlio people of the far south, as well as of tho far. north, of Norway arid of Sicily or- Egypt alike, at onco asserted itself and took possession of her. Tho next time Orsino saw her ho was amazed nt the change. The color had nil gone from licr face, her lips were tightly set, and her brown oyes followed him witli a perpe- tuul, muto auxiety.. Her radiance 'was veiled, and her beauty was grievously diminished. 'It was at a garden party, in a great old villa beyond tho walls, two days after the dance. Orsino had not been able to see her in the meantime, nnd had wisely abstained from visit ing her mother, lest, in any way, he Bhould bo- tray'their joint secret. Sho was already in tho garden when he arrived with Corona, who caught Bight of Vittoria from a distunco and noted tho change in her faco. "Vittoria d'Orlani looks ill," said tho Prin cess, and Bhe went towards her at once. Shn was top tactful to aHk tho girl what was the matter, but sho saw how Vittoria's (-.yen oould not keep from Orsino, and bIio half guessed tho truth, though hor son's face was impenetrable just then. An old friend camo up and spoloo to her, and sho loft tho two alone. They quietly moved away from tho moro crowdod part of tho garden, walking siloutly side by side, till they came to a long walk covered by tho interlacing branches of ilex trees. Another couplo was walking at some distance before them. Orsino glanced down at Vittoria, and tried to say something, but it was not easy. Ho, had not realised how tho mere sight of her stirred him, nn til he found hirasolf speecnless when ho wished to say many things. '-v., "Yon. are suffering," ho said softly, at lost. "IVhat is it?" " You know," sho answored. "What is tho use of talking about it ? I havo said all — hut toll me only whon you arc goiug ?" " To-morrow rooming. I shall bo back in a fortnight." . " You will never como back," said Vittoria, iu n dull and liopeloss tono. Eke spoko with such conviction that Orsino .- was silent for a moment. Ho had not tho smallest belief iu any danger, hut ha did not know how to argue with hor. " I havo thought it alt over," elm went on- "If you try to livo thoro you will certainly be killed. -But. if you only go once, there is a chance — a poor, miserable, little chance. Let them think that you aro coming up from Piqdi- rnoute, by way of linudnz2o. It iB abovo Run- dazzo.that tho black lands begin, Ml lava, and ashes, with deep furrows in which a man can lie hiddon to shoot. That is whoro thby, will try to kill you. Go tho other way, round by- Catania ; it is longer, but they will not expect you, and yon can get a guide. They may not find out that you havo changed your plan. If they should know it they oould kill you oven moro easily on that sido, in tho narrow valley ; but.thaynocdnotknow-.it." . " " Nothing will happen to mc on either side,' said Orsino, carelessly. > \- Vittoria bent her head, and walked on in silence beside him. . " I did not wish to talk about nil that." ho continued. "Thoro are much more important things. "When I oome.hick_wc must ho married soon— — " ""Wo shnll never lie married if you go to Sicily," answered Victoria, in tho samo dull voice. ' , It was a fixed idea, and Orsino felt tho hope lessness of trying to infiuenco hor, together with a pardonable impatience. Tho couplo aboad of them reached tho end of the walk, turned, met thom, and passed them with u greeting, for thoy wore acquaintances. Wliuro the littlo avenue ended there was a great foun tain of travertine stone, behind which, in tho wide nrok of the oporiing trees, thoy could sec the Campagna and tho Sabine mountains to the eastward. Vittoria Btopped short when thoy reached tho other side of tho basin, which was moss -grown; but . full of clear water that trickled down an , almost shapeless stono triton. Tho statue and the fountain hid them from any one who might bo coming up tho walk, and at their feet lay tho broad green Gampagna. They were quito alone." ' -The young girl raisedi'her eyes, and sho looked already as though sho had beon in an illness. "IVe cannot stay moro than a moment," sho said. "-If people boo us going off together, they will guess. I want it to be all my secret. I want to say good-byo to you — for the last time. , I- shall remember you always as you are -now, with tho light on your faco. ' She looked at him long, and hor eyes bIoxvIx- fillcd with-tenrB, .which did not break nor run over, but littlo by little subsided again, taking her grief back to her heart. Orsino's brows frowned with pain, for ho saw how profoundly she bolioved that sho was never to seo him again, and'ithurt him that' for him she should bo so hurt, most of all because lie was convinced that there was no cause. "Wo go to-morrow," he said. "Wo shall bo in Mossina tho next day. On tho day after that go and see my mother, and she will tell you that she has had news of our safe arrival. What moro canl say ?. I am sura of it." But Vittoria only looked long and oarne3tly into bis face. ' " I want to : remember," sho said, iu a. low voico. \- For a fortnight ?" Orsino smiled lovingly, arid took her hand. . . "For ever," she answered, very gravely, nnd her fingers clutehed his suddenly anil hard. Ha still smiled, for ho could find nothing to say against such possession of presentiment. Oommo'u eonso never has anything effectual to oppose .to conviction. " Good-bye," she said, softly. " Good-bye, Orsino." , , She bad not called him by his name yet, and it sounded like an enchantment to him, though it was a rough namo in itsolf. The broozo stirred tho ilex loaves overhead in tho spring afternoon, and the water trickled down, with a pleasant murmur, into tho big basin. It was all lovoly rind peaceful and soft, except tho look in her despairing eyes. That disturbed him as he met it aud Baw no change in it, but always tho same hopeless pain. "Come," lie said quietly, "this is not sen sible. Do I look liko a man who is going to bo killed liko a dog in the street, without.doing something to help myself ?' . Her eyes filled again. " Oh, pray — please— do not speak liko that 1 Say good-byo to mo — I cannot bear it any longer — and yet it kills me to let you go 1" . She turnpd from him and covered ficr oyos with hor hands for a moment, whilo ho put his . arm round hor reassuringly. Then, all at once, she looked up, ' "I will bo brave— good bye," sho said quickly. ' It was a silent leave taking after that, for he could not Bay much. His only nnswor to hor must bo his safe return, but as they went back along the walk, she felt that she was with him for tho last time. It was liko going with him to execution. Orsino Walked back to tho city Mono, think ing over her worda nnd her face, and wondering whether thoro oould bo anything in presenti ments of evil. He had never had any himself, that he could romemher, and ho had nevor seen anybody so thoroughly under tho influence of ono as Vittoria seemed to be. . Before dinner ho wont, to soo San Giacinto, whom ho found alone in his big study, sitting'iu bis liugo chair before his enormous, table. - He was so large that ho had his own privuta furni. ture made to suit his own dimensions.-' Tho table was covered with note books and papers, very neatly arranged, and tho grey haired giant was' writing a, letter. He looked up as Orsino entered and uttered a sort of inarticu late exclamation of satisfaction. Then he wont ou writing,' while Orsino sat down and watched him. "Do you happen to havo a gun licnnco? asked San Giacinto, without looking up. "Of course.". "Put it in your pocket for tho journey," was the answer, as tho pen went on 'steadily. "Is there any game about - Camaldoli?,' in quired Orsino,' after a pause. "Brigands," replied San Giacinto, laconi cally, and still writing. ' . He would . havo said " woodcock " in' tho samo tono, being a plain man and not given to dramatic emphasis. Orsino laughed , a littlo inorcdulously, but said nothing, as lio oat -wait ing for liia kinsman to finish his letter. His oyes wandered about tho room, and pre sently they fell on a stout- -sole- leather bag which stood by a chair near tho window. On the chair itself' 'lay two leathern' gun cases, obviously containing modern rifles, as their shapo and sizo showed. With a man's natural instinct for arms, Orsino rose and took one of the weapons out . of its case, and examined it. " Winchesters," said San Giacinto, still driv ing his pen. .' " I see!" answered Orsino, feeling the woight and raising tho liflo to his slioulder as though to try tho length of tho stock. . "Most peoplo prefer them in Sioily,'1 ob. served Saii Giucinto, who had Bigncd his name nnd was folding his note carefully. " What do you want them for?" asked tho younger man, still incredulous. " It is tho custom of tho country to enrry thom down there," said tho other. "Besides, tlioro are brigands about. I told you so, just now." San Giacinto did not like to repeat explana tions. ' "I thought you were joking," remarked Orsino. ," I never did that. I suppose we shall not have the luek to fall in with any of those fol lows, but there has been n good denl of trouble lately, and we shnll not be particularly popular as Romans going to tako possession of Sicilian lands. Wo should be Worth a ransom too, aud by this time tho whole country knows that wo arc coming." "Then wo may really havo some excitement," uid Orsino, more surprised than lie would show at his cousin's confirmation of much that Vit- toriahad said. "How about tliu mafia?" he asked, by way of loading San Giacinto into con versation. " How will it look at us "Tho mafia is not a man," answered San Giacinto, bluntly. "Tho mafia is the Sicilian character— Sicilian honor, Sicilian principles. It is an idea, not an institution. It is what makes it impossible to govern Sicily.' ' " Or to livo there," suggested Orsino. " Except with considerable tact; You will find out something about it very soon, if yon try to manngo that place. But if you are ner vous, you had hotter not try." " I am not nervous, I believe." "Nb ; it is of no use to be. It is better to be a fatalist. Fatalism gives you your own soul, and leaves your body to tho chemistry of tho universe, where it bolongs. If your body comos into contact with something that does not agree with it, you dio. That, is all." There was an adniirablo directness in San Giaointo's philosophy, as Oraino know. Thoy mado a final agreement about mooting at the station on tho following morning, and OrBino _ went homo a good deal less inclined to treat ATittoria's presentiments lightly.' It hud been characteristic of San Giacinto that he - had hitherto simply forgotten to mention that tliero might bo rcui danger in the expedition to Ca- maldoli, and it was equally ill accordance with Orsino's character to take the prospect of it simply and gravely. There was a strong resem blance bctwoen tho two kinsmen, and Oraino understood his cousin better than his father or any of his brothers. ' Ho had already explained to bis mother what hp was going to do, and sho lui(i been glad' to learn that lio had found something to interest liim. Both Corona and Sunt' Ilario had tlic prevailing impression that the Sicilian difficul ties were more or less imaginary. That is what moat Romans think, aiid the conviction is general iu the north of Italy. As Orsino said nothing about his conversation witt Sail Giacinto on that last evening, his father and mother hail not tho slightest idea that tliero was any danger before him, and as thoy had both noticed his liking for Vittorin, thoy wore very glad that ho should go away just then, and forgot her. The old Prince bade liim good-bye that night. " ' Whatever you do, my boy." ho said, shak ing his snowy old- head energetically, "do not marry a Sicilian girl." r Tho pieco of 'advico was so unexpected that Orsino started slightly and then laughed, us ho took his grandfather's hand.' It .wag' :bddly smooth", as the hands- of vcry 'old men' arc, but it was warm Btiil, and not 'so 'feeble as might have been expected. " " And if you should get into trouble down thore," said' tho head of the house,' who had known Sicily 70 years earlier, ' " shoot first. Never wait to he shot at." "It is not likely that there will be much shooting nowaday," laughed Sunt' Ilario. "That does not mako my advice bad, docs it?" asked old Snraeinesca, turning upon his son, for tho least approach to contradietionstill roused his anger instantly. " Oh, no !" nnswered Giovanni. "It is very good advice." ' ' " Of courso it is," growled the old gentloman, discontentedly. "I never gave anyone bad advice in my life. But you boys are always contradicting me." ' " Giovanni smiled rather sadly. It was not in ' the nature of thingB that men over' 90 years old should livo muoh longer, but ;ho felt -what a break in- the household's life ' the 'old man's death must one day make, \vEen tie vast vitality should bo at last worn out. ' '- (To be Continual.) 