OBSERVANCE OP GOOD FRIDAY. TO THE EDITOR. Sib—In the Advertiser of April 15 I noticed the following advertisement:— "Adelaide Democratic Glub Picnic, National Park, Good Friday; bicycle and other races, cricket match; special train 10.35 a.m." This notice evidently proceeded from those who, to a certain extent, in fluence the platform of the ,Labor Party, and yet ignore all reference to the sacred character of Good Friday, which the Catholic Church has for ages brought be fore her children as the centre day of Divine love outpoured on Calvary. That these revolts against our common Chris tianity, emanating from the leaders of the labor movement, are bad we cannot deny. The turning of Good Friday into, an ordinary holiday certainly makes us ques tion the sincerity of labor leaders' sym pathy with the persecuted. So long as they have secular education, without any refer ence to religion, they care nothing for the. sacrifices the Catholic Church is mak ing to bring up their children in the Catholic faith. God knows the Catholic Church has done more than any other for the care of her children, and especially those of the labor .classes, as yvitness the Encyclical of Pope Leo XIII. in the •'Eights of Labour." But care is. taken to recognise also that the'laborer has duties to his employer. The Churoh may be Bafely trusted under the direction of God, the Hply Ghost, to safeguard the interests of those over 'whom God has appointed her. it may, of course, be urged in defence that other religious denominations have dese crated the day held as sacred by the Chris tian community (Good Friday); but we lpok for better things from those who are continually trying to impress Upon Us the sympathy they have with •' the persecuted." Actions speak louder than words. Chris tian socialism I believe in, and would help the workers in any rational sche|ne for their benefit, but never on the secular .lines of "free, secular, and compulsory educa tion." I am at one with the views of Cardinal Moran, as expounded in his ad dresses on "Three gangers to society," and on the question, of. Christian, socialism. I deprecate the secularism which he describes as breeditog anarchy and destroying the Christian faith.' We cannot .expect God'B blessing on the .land with the prevalent secularism in State: and schoolropm. I am, Sir, &c.;, 1 MEECATOE. 