STEAMERS IN THE RECENT GALES. The full force of the recent gales off the coast was met by tho French steamer La Perouse on her run from Noumea, and she arrived yesterday bearing traces of having had a rough handling. The La Perouse came through jy-om the New He brides, calling at Noumea to finish her loading. She was about 20D miles north-east of Sydney when tho weather, which had beeu unsettled, culminated in fierce gales from the southward and eastward. It was impossible to malco head way owing to the heavy sea, and the vessel was liove-to. Her experiences whilst In this position were of tho liveliest possible description. Im mense seas broke on board, smashing tho hand steering gear aft, flooding tho decks, saloon, and cabins. The water also found Its way amougst tho cargo, damaging a quantity of fruit for Sydney. The stormy conditions lasted until Tuesday night, when tho vessel was kept away nn liet- pnnrsn. and she made the nort. oal-lv yes- terday. The China Navigation Company's steamer Chlngtu, from Hongkong, also had to bear the brunt of the gales, and, like the La Ph- rouse, she had a rough time of It. Tho Chlngtu, however, came through without damage, and tho only inconvoaienco was that her arrival was con siderably delayod by the tempestuous weather, S3 hours being occupied on the run from Cape Moroton. This was duo to the fact that the steamer was under easy steam In tho gales. Other shipping arrivals last night reported a trying time In the gales off the coast. The following days and dates are to bo ob served as public holidays In tho localities men tioned hereunder, namely: — District of Gunnodah, Wednesday, the 3th Inst.; electoral district of Durham, Saturday, the 11th Inst.; district of Scene, Thursday, tlio l(ith Inst.; district of Wlilt- tou, Friday, the 24th lust. The following deputations to Ministers have been arranged for to-day:— Postmaster-General. 11, from the Municipal Council of Prospect and Slierwood, relative to the removal of the post- oflleo from Merrylands railway station; Minister for Works, 11.30, from- the Annandalo Munici pal Council, with regard to compensation for damage to streets of the borough through the sewerago works; 12, In respect to the dredging of the ParramattA River; 12.30, with reference to a bridge over Harvey's Crossing at Picton. Nominations for tho olection of two aldermen to fill the extraordinary vacancies iu the Annan- dale Council, caused by the retirement, of Alder man A. Guthrey and Alderman Thco. Harten- stelu were made yosterday at the local council- chambers. There was a fall- attendance of rate payers and tho Mayor (Alderman Allan Taylor) presided Nominations were received on be half of Messrs. George Smith, W. M. Woods, and J Grant. Mr. E. I. Aiken had also beeu nomi nated but he withdrew his nomination at tho last moment. The election will tako place on Saturday. Ii would appear that tho Society of Artists exhibitions, which aro hold from time to time, aro beginning to be appreciated by tho general public. At all events, the spring exhibition re cently hold proved an unqualified success, and from a flnanctakpoint of view surpassed all pre vious exhibitions. Last night, at the adjourned annual meeting of tho society, it was decided, on the motion of Mr. d. H. Soutor, seconded by Mr. Sid Long, that In future tho autumn exhibition should be classed as an annual one. The Parramatta Progress Association held a 1 general meeting on Tuesday evening, Dr. R, Bowman, president, In tho chair. Dissatisfaction was expressed with the reply given by the Minis ter for Works with regard to the Parramatta to Dural railway, and it was decided to at once con fer with district committees on the matter. Com mittees were appointed to iuquiro and report oil railway and postal grievances, with a view to further action. A lantorn service, tho subject of which was "The Life of Christ 111 Picture and Song," was given in tlio Ashfleld Presbyterian Church last evening, and was largely aikhnded. A number of new and excellent lantern slides were shown, and the connective narrative was read by the Rev. John Auld, M.A. The proceeds aro to bo devoted to the church funds. At the headquarters of the Theosophical So ciety, Margaret-street, a lecture was delivered last night by tho secretary on "Elemcntals, Ghosts, and Goblins." Tho nature of sylphs, salamanders, gnomes, and undines, the spirits of the elements, was touched upon, and the brow nies, elves, fairies, and other "little people" of folk-lore described. In a report we published yesterday of a dis cussion at tho Marriekville Council regarding retrenchment the name of Alderman Benson was printed twice. It should have been Alder man Henson. It ts not an uncommon thing, as might bo supposed, for the names of these two aldermen to be confused. Tho annual dinner of the Commercial Travel lers' Association of New South \Valc3, which lias always been held In December, has now been postponed to the winter. This, it Is thought, is a better time to gel public men and tire members together, and the weather is more propitious than at Christmas time. The annual general meeting and election of office-bearers takes place on the 23rd Inst. Professor David's lecture on the coral-boring at the Island of Funafuti takes place this even ing at the Y.M.O.A.-hall. Pitt-street, under the auspices of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, which has Issued invitations to most of the leading scientists and others who are thought to take an interest In this important problem of investigation of the origin of coral atolls. His Excellency Admiral Bridge has con sented to preside. "Wool-grower" writes; — "I met two loads of wool on the track between Haymarket and City Town-hall without covers. This wool was ex posed to the rain, and it the wet peuetrated would, if not sold, probably go as wet or damag ed. If a roan gets knocked down In the street, or a snake is seen near the city, we hear of it; but when our main support is exposed to the wet, which means a risk to the cargo-ships bound for some far port, and those who sail them, and a loss to insurance companies, no able reporter sees it. Will some other body more able sift the matter, and compel wool waggons to have covers?" The competition in Christmas and New Year cards is perhaps keener than ever this year, ana consequently the buying public should benefit. I-Iordern Brothers, Pitt-street, send us a packet of fifty oards of various sizes and designs, which thev aro selling at Is per packet. This may fairly be said to be "within the reach of all." Messrs. ffirmc, Keigwin, and Co.. of 30S George- street, notify that they have been appointed sole agents in tills ealony for the sale of Irroy's cham pagne. 