QUEEN ELIZABETH'S GHOST, ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN SEEN AT WTNDSOE : ;?'? CASTLE. '. . . A remarkable story is published in the Daily Mail of ? 9th February to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd Battalion Grena dier Guards, has seen Queen Eliza beth's ghost in the library at Windsor Castle. The following statement was made by the lieutenant's niother, the Hon. Mrs. Carr-Glyn, to the Mail investigator: 'It is perfectly true that my son has witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the library of Windsor Castle reading a book— 'The History of Dorset shire,' to be exact. As he read, he became aware of someone passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw. a female figure in black with black lace on the head, falling on 'the shoulders. The figure passed across the Jibrary towards a corner which was out of view, as my son sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was some body reading in the inner room. This was just upon 4 in the after noon, and an attendant soon after wards came up to close the place. My, son asked who the lady was who was at work in the inner ro6pi» and -the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My 'son assured the attendant that a lady had, just before walked across the inner room. ' 'Then where could she be ?' asked the attendant,' having as certained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the in the corner,' said my.son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. 'But there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident, and did not think much . about it, I understand, until Mr, Holmes, .the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes ,to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my. son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen- it. The Dean of. Windsor also asked my son about it, and several mem bers of the Eoyal family have inter viewed him on the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, 1 am given to under stand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visita tion.' The Hon. Sydney Carr-Glyn, the famous Crimean veteran, the father of Lieutenant Glyn, here entered the room, and upon learning of the topic under disctission, said : — ' If my son says he has seen anything, you may take it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, .only a subaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsman, and unlike some guardsmen, fond of, reading. He wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breadth. ' Both the Horn and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permission for thepubli cation of this statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieuten ant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieuten ant Glyn soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and yesterday morning camethe answer: —'Certainly, if you like. — Glyn, Greenadiers, Islay.' The. representative of the Daily Mail next saw Mr. E. E. Holmes, E.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, and writes : Mr. Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged ap parition. He pointed out the chair occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated ' myself in it. Im mediately before, me was a large globe, looking past which a few steps led up to the gallery, the sides of which are lined with books. On the south side of the gallery— -which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by her as a picture gallery in which she was accustomed to walk, and whioh she devised, : or reflected upon those masterpieces of statescraft. which have made her reputation w hat it is'— stands' a fine chimne y-piece, over which a bust of the ' Virgin Queen' looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shade. has been so recently seen. Mr. Holmes says his gallery has had the reputation oi being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory* His own recollection of the story dates from 27 years ago^ and he has b een in the habit of spending Hallowe- en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encountering her de ceased Majesty. He had heard some rumor to the effect- that the Empress Frederick had, when a Qh3d, seen an. apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Wind sor hopes to secure some corrobora tion or denial of the rumor.' 