OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT March 24. Tasmania is, as a rule, by no means backward in the extension of hospitality to visitors; but for once Melbourne has put you badly to the blush. When your delegates to the Federal Convention left your shores to call on us, en route to Adelaide, our Government Meteorologist took them in charge. Favouring winds wafted them to us-wards ; skies and seas were propitious, and on their arrival they were entertained with their brother delegates right royally by the Mayor in the Town-hall. They were bounteously banqueted, tendered no end of good advice, recommended to curtail the exuberance of their verbosity and to avoid fads, and sent on their way rejoicing. But how did you treat our men who accepted your invitation to take a pleasure trip to Mount Lyell ? One of those invitations came my way, and deeply did I deplore that I could not accept, while visions of all the fun I was missing made me wickedly envious of those more fortunately circumstanced. Now, how ever, I know that the Lord indeed careth for the righteous, and I fully realise the force of Longfellow's beautiful words Let us be patient ; these severe afflictions Not from the ground arise i But oftentimes celestial benedictions Assume this dark disguise They., the fortunate (?) ones, left on Monday morning, as merry a crew as ever dreamt of taking the sun over the fore topsail yard or splicing the main brace. They were going to have a delightful run to Strahan in 30 hours, decorously dissipate for the act of the week, punish the pro- prietary company's boned turkey and fizz, and get back here on Monday. A remnant of them did get back on Monday, having reached Strahan at midnight on Thursday, under hanging about Bass Strait during that happy interval, and then having to turn tail and come back without ever looking on the savoury viands prepared for their delectation. And what woe-begone wrecks they were Mere human replicas of the little Jackdaw when he faintly gave vent to the ghost of a few before my lord Cardinal called for his book, and off that terrible curse had " took." a li ey wore the saddest sort of roysterers you ever saw, and where they were not barked from ship to ankle, they were black, blue, purple, and yellow with bruises, having only one pleasant memo y to sustain them, namely, that the Hobart and Launceston contingent had fared no better. *' No more Mount Lyell junketings for me, ' groaned one unfortunate, as he stumbled ashore, called a cab, painfully climbed into it, and drove to the nearest private hospital, "the man who would face the chance of that sort of thing I again would undertake to preach to Purge tory and go to Hades for a holiday." The echoes of the St. Patrick's procession discussion and all the horrent strife to which it did not give rise have died harmlessly away, but not before the touch of comedy had been imported into the business, turning the growls and scowls to smiles and laughter. The procession duly took place, and this time neither the Chief Secretary nor the Chief Commissioner of Police could be accused of neglecting precautions to prevent a disturbance. It was an illegal procession entirely, but its most prominent and decidedly its most picturesque feature was its police parade. Generally the police and Paddy out on a holiday do not constitute a harmonious combination, but this time they were the best of friends, and as the patrolled procession passed along the streets the grin on both sides of the constabulary hedge was broad and merry at the bare idea of bands blaring out their ear piercing plaint about the " hanging of men and women for the wearing of the green " from behind the substantial rampart of this imposing police protection. Still just to show how injurious are the effects of the revival among us of these old-world feuds, which should never have been introduced here, I may mention that the boys of the State schools eagerly seized upon it to sport party colours, and range themselves under the orange and green. The masters very properly made every one of them discard his badge as he entered the school, but there were frequent scrimmages, both before and after school hours, and not a little blood was shed as the result of an orange nose running itself violently up attains a green suit, and vice versa. Now the question is, are we going to get over the next 12th of July quietly, because if we are not, there is a prospect of serious trouble ye: arising out of this most foolishly revived sectarian rancour, Indeed, as Sir Boyle Roche most graphically expressed it, " the apple of discord has been thrown into our ii lids t, and unless it is speedily nipped in the bud it will burst into a conflagration that will deluge the entire country." There is more than a note of discord, too, among our cyclists as to the governing body of the sport. This has hitherto been the Council of the League of Wheelmen, though the position was not conceded without a considerable amount of friction between the League of Victorian Wheelmen and the older body-the Melbourne Bicycle Club. Even then, there were many murmurs of discontent as to the manner in which cycling J affairs were managed by the Council, and it increased in force, when, as the result of the Council's action in reversing the disqualification of Martin, the stewards, judges, and umpires resigned in a body. This resigna- tion was conveyed in a letter which over surely did not want in point, as will be seen from the following passage :-" We have never derived the slightest pecuniary or other advantage from our connection with the sport, but have cheerfully spent both time and money to help in preserving it from contaminating influences, and it is unreasonable to ask that our decisions should be subjected to reversal or review by your council, which is largely composed of men having very limited cycling experience, and who freely admit that they are entirely ignorant of the intricacies of cycle racing." This dissatisfaction has culminated in a movement to substitute a governing body differently constituted, with the concurrence of the League, if it approves ; without it if it disapproves, and a meeting was held at the M.B.C. rooms last Friday, at which it was resolved that a racing council to control racing shall be elected annually, consisting of eight representatives of the league clubs, two of the Racing Cyclists' Association, two of the cycling trade, and two of each of the following bodies : Metropolitan committee of the A.N.A., Druids, Hibernian, and Eight Hours' Societies, the St. Kilda Cricket Club, and the Melbourne Bicycle Club. If the league falls in with this, all will go well ; if it does not there will be a " tug-of-war." Our footballers do not seem to be one bit happier in their internal relations than our cyclists, and they, too, are now at issue over the reconstruction of the association, which has been effected by the five leading clubs jumping the position over the heads of their old ; colleagues and cold shouldering the others out of the inner circle. This will likely lead to much heartburning during the season, but, if it does, the compoiieatiY.il will be that when footballers b gin to fight among themselves umpires may have a better chance of escaping injury. Our Protectionist friends have been having a bad time of it lately, became of the iniquitous change in the tactics of their opponents, For many years past, until within A comparatively recent period, the Protectionists have said all the public saying, and their rather imaginative statements have paused without challenge. Latterly, however, the Freetraders have taken to traversing and exposing the protective fallacies, and when they have been met by blank contradiction they have produced proof, quoted chapter and verse, and challenged the other side to refer the case to a committee mutually agreed upon, with an independent umpire, for discussion. Mr. J. L. Dow, generally known as Rowdy Dow, was the first to grow tired of this sort of thing, and at Kyneton he decisively declined discussion. Mr. Samuel Mauger, challenged at South Melbourne, as distinctly Bhowedthewhito feather. The great Mr. Trenwith met Max Hirsch once and was so signally defeated in debate that he has declined every subsequent challenge. Mr. Ashworth desired to take a fall out of him recently, but at Maldon Mr. T. observed that while " Mr. Ashworth might be a very capable young man, he (Mr. Trenwith) must decline to I water into debate with anyone) except Wa equals," Now, if we did not all know Mr. Trenwith, his origin, limitations, and cause - ties, this would simply he arrogant ; as it is the joke has an excellent savoury. But as the result of these Bhlfty evasions and continued mis-statements, Mr, 'Max Hirsch at last " went for" the scalps, individual and collective of hisencmies,and out of their own mouths convicted them of, let us say, lapses of memory. (Now they are most righteously indignant, and refuse to debate any points, fiscal or other, with the Free- traders, because they have been accused of falsehood. Did you never hear of theotherman who was equally angry on similar grounds ; "Tut, but" was the remark of a friend, " What if he did call you a liar, never mind; I have been called a liar myself on occasion, and my consciousness of veracity has supplied a.'." " yes," was the rule rejoinder, " but confound him he proved it." If we are to have the Easter encampment this year for economic reasons, our military authorities are not neglecting any available means of keeping their men up to concert pitch. Bow splendidly this has been done in the past was fully manifested in the competitions attendant on the military tourna- ment, held recently at the Exhibition building. But to ensure that the work under service conditions shall be kept up to the show standard, we are again to have the competition for the Brassey field firing in arch trophy this Easter. This means a seven mile tramp in heavy marching order, and time to fire as if in action. There is always the big difference that in action the target can shoot back, which is apt to make a man rather too anxious to get first pop, but the conditions as above are much more con- ducive to serviceable work than leisurely firing at targets never measured distances with wind gauges, telescopic sights, and all other adjuncts of fancy shooting, I don't mean that kind of fancy shooting which the Geelong man did when he missed the target altogether, plumped a ball through the ribs of a bovine patriarch, which was quietly grazing 200yds, to the right, and drew from the old Irish drill sergeant the jubilant exclamation, " Hurro 1 Bravo 1 By gorse, me boy, but he made a bull-sigh that time, anyway." Our theatrical bills remain unchanged, but for the succession of reproductions at the Bijou by the Brough Company. A Village Priest has filled the house over the past week, and there now only remain The Passport, Mrs, Tank, and Dandy Dick to be seen before we say a sorrowful farewell to the best company of comedians on the Australian stage. Two Little Vagabonds are still running at the Princess', and The Derby ICi'imer is in the straight with a clean run home at the Royal. 