FALSE EVIDENCE, By E. PHILLIPS OPPEXHEIM, Author of " A Monk of Crnta," '"A Daughter of the Marioni," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVI. _ i "GIVE warning." • By ten o clock in the morniaff I had written & letter wh ich had caused mo a good deal of trouble and anxiety. It was to Sir Francis 'Deverens:— " The Cottage, Devereux, " Wednesday morning. • "Dear Sir Francis Dcvereux—You will, I am sure, a;reo with mo that the revelation of last orening renders it imperative on my part to leave Davereux at once or as soon as possible. . I must ask you, therefore, to accept ; this note,as an intimation of my desiro to do so as soon as convenient to yourself. "No -one could regret more than I do the necessity which has arisen, and I am deeDly sensible of all your kindness to myself and to my sister; but under the- circumstances it >roa]d be, of course, quite impossible for mo to remain here as your agent, nor, I am sure, woald you wish it. As to the other offer , which you were generous enough to make, the answer which I gave you at the time is absolutely irrevocable. "With regard to'the attempted burglary Iters last night and assault upon Hiss Devcicux, I shall b3 prepared to give evidence . when the inan is charged. There are several . matters connected with tha estate with which I will pot now trouble you, but whioh I shall be glad to lay before you or Mr. Bensome be- ' ' ora ^ S 0- books I am prepared to hand -over to my sucoessor or to Mi. Bensome at any moment. •"Xhankinfr you again for the cniform, and, ' I fear, undeserved kindness, which I have id trays received from you. *'I remain, yours obediently, "Hugh Aebcthnot. "'.To Colonel Sir Franfcis Devereux, Bart." . Jlaving dispatched this, I ordered Black prince, and rode away to a distant part of the estate to .superintend the felling of some titnber. As ju3ual, when going any distance, I took some lunch in my pocket, and ate it on a Stile whilst tire men knocked off for dinner. Jafit as I had lit my pipe "and was preparing to Start work asrain—for I was not afraid of ., wide, velvet sward, and glancing- up quickly ' saw. that the whole party from the Court" were nlcse upon me, all except Maud and the elders. I' drew . back indifferently to let them , pass, and bowed to Lady Olive, who was kridiiigbythe side of Francis Devereux. She Started when she saw me, and, detaching herself from-the, lost of .tho party, rode over to • mo. , "Fancv coming upon you, Mr. Arbuthnot, i and bard at work, too! What are you doing V' '• * ' "Catting down trees, Lady Olive." " WelJ, you'look in a mco mess!" she deiclsted frankly. " What do you want to work ^oifraelf fori—it's a shame that you should." I'langhed at bur indignation, thinkingouly that her flushed «cheeks made her look uncom- ^•J^Sieforking," I answered. "What would you have me do—shack about with \- «uy hafads in my pocket all day 3" "I don't know," shesaid hotly; "but when I think of Lthat idle, lazy young Francis dawdling his- life away doing nothing except ape a lin about town, anci'then think of your workng- hard every ,day and remember who you jrgi it makes ine feel angry. Do you know I longed just now to push him out of his saddle. It wouldn't take muoh, I don't think." 2 f>/Il«jghed outright, but Lady Olive remained srions enough. " Well,. perhaps youJI be pleased to hear ,;'tlat l am going to give up working—here. ' at-iny- Tate, J ' I said. "Of course I can't |, stop now." She looked steadily lietween her horse's . growing- a shade paler, and I leaned jistthjft stomp of an oak-tree wondering i a riding-habit could have been made to gt bo well, and admiring,her dainty little " When'aro you going?" she asked, sud- „ged my shoulders. r'AssoonasSir Francis will let me. I have ivenwarning. 1 " .She looked down at me, and spoke :>8iii?iedly, but with a frank, sincere look in her Insliedface. '"Mr. Arbnthnot—I suppose I must call you "jr. Arbuthnot—I think yours is the saddest >ty,;liave ever beard.' I want you to let me . l^.yon that I feel for you, as much as any one*pMsibly could do, -and I chink you are behaving splendidly, just as I would have my owil brother behave if he were in the same r -«. position." >-"I>'fdt more moved even than I should.have cued to own, for I was just in that mood when 1 words, are sweet, and I had always liked Dady Olive. " You are veiy good," I said warmly. . "'^elieye me,, it is a great pleasure to me to ) ijearyouBaythis." you'wiy idea where you are going''" htfasked, for whatyou are going to do?" . ' I -shook my bead. . ** To London, first, and then I shall try and Dver my father, and get him to let me win my lot with his. Somehow I think iji&iill; end by being a soldier. It's in the „r. Arbuthnot," she said franklv, etretchher hand, "may we not bo friends? I bave never asked so much of a man before, lit," but". rltook her little band, and did not at once laaseit.' "I shall be always glad to think of you as i," I said, warmly; "but I'm afraid it fti-very likely we shall meet again after I jhere. My lifo and vouis will lie very • apart." !fFm not so sure of that," she answered, yith an attempt at gaiety. "I'm going to ravel about a good deal next year; and—and, " Arbuthnot,"she added, colouring a little per, " I know youH forgive me for saying . OJit my father—he's ambassador at Home nmv* you know—has a good deal of influence j^JLbnflon, and especially at the Foreign Office, and if there was anythiutr we could do for you ; —noh„ yon know what I want to 6ay," she "broke off, suddenly, and looking away that I ht not see the tears in her eyes. _ "You \- jnay' waat to try and get some appointment . abroad or something, or even if you decided to H/go into the'army, be might be useful to you, aTid he would do anything I asked him. He ; isvery.lcind, and—and it would make me very happy to feel that we were helping you a : Was it so great a sin that for a moment I ' V fongecl to draw that tearful little face down to '" "nine, and kiss it? I had never been in the sut danger of falling in love with Lady Jlive, bright and fascinating though she was, utat that moment it occurred to me that the i wbo won her would be a very fortunate ^indeed. i"Lady Olive," 1 oaid, earnestly, "I scarcely now tow to thank you. I cannot tell you , boV'pinch I feel your kindness. I shall take you" at your' word, and write vou if ever I , ^need aaybelp, and if I do not I shall always e like to think Df your offer." ' ; Slie-Bmiled down at mo beaminprly. : . ." I am >-o glad you're not offended. Of ; -oourae Ishall see you again before I go, and I wjUbangyondown a with mv address in London. Good-hy. No. au reroir." • She touched her horse -with the whip and / .galloped away after the others, and the bright - winter's day seemed to mo less bright when she had gone. I watched her out of 6ight, and at the bend of the grassy road she turned round in her saddle and waved her whip. I returned her farewell -with my hat, then, when she' disappeared. I went back to my place amongst the men, and worked till the \- perspiration streamed down my face, and I was obliged to take off my coat and hang it on •a branch of a fallen' tree. . But I felt ail the better for it, for it has always seemed to me, as it did then, that hard physical labour is the ' ' most, magnificent relaxation for an over- " wrought mind. When tho sun set and our day V work was over. I was stiff and my arms .. were 60re, but my heart whs lighter than it had b^en since; this crisis bad come. I stood filling my pipe and chatting to the foreman ' • whilst one of the labourers had gone for my horse, untfl he, too, followed the others, and I was left alone. At least I thought so, but I was mistaken. A voice, croaking and weak, almost at my \- shoulder, suddenly startled me, and I turned round to find an old woman, bent double, leaning on her stick, with her bead-like eyes . fixed upon me. " Who be'st you?" she said. "Be you him aithev call theagent?" I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbutbnot. "It's a loi," she answered, deliberately. "Dost think that Sarah Miisham knaw'stnot a Devereux when she seest one? Be'st thou' Muster Herbert's 6on? God hless him." I look around anxiously, but there was not a Boul in sight. " Thou be'st a son o* my Mr. Herbert," she muttered. "I knaw'st thou be'st so like him , that I thought thee was a ghost, boy. What, "be'st thou a doing here? Wheres't thy father?" "Abroad, mother, since you know me. Who are vou?" " Who be I?" she lauprhed. a. mirthless, unpleasant laugh. "Why, thee hasna'heard of garah Miisham? I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'st a doing here, boy? Hast come to kill Eupert Devereux?" "He deserves it." I cried, hotly. • "So afore God he does," cried the old hag. tremulously, "and die he will, for I ha' seen the marie *o' death upon his forehead. But itH be no by your hand, no by your hand, boy. Whs* be'st» doing here? Go to thy father, boy. Why bast left'bim alone?" " I am going," I answered. '' Please God, I shall be witb himbefore many months." « Ay, go. J»j, £o,'' che quivered out, " end tell him this from me. Tell him that sure as Devereus Court is built upon a rock, I, Sarah Miisham, shall live to Eee him here' again. Sure as that limb of boll, Rupert Deyereux. bears the seal of death upon his forehead, so sure the day will come when the "whole country shall welcome him home again; and old Sir Francis shall be proud t' own him'for his son. Tell him Sarati Miisham said so."' She hobbled away into the. wood and commenced picking- up sticks. I would have followed her, but she held out her hand to preyent me, and would not answer me when I spoke. So I mounted Black Prince and galloped away homewards. When I entered Marian's room I saw that she had a visitor. Sir Francis Devereux was leaning back in an easy chair, laughin? at one of my sister's quaint speeches, and she was handing him a cup of tea. ( To be corJinu, ed (o-morrom.) 