ADVICE GRATIS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ADVERTISER, Deau Jilt Editor,—I notico some evidently ambitious reformers are call ing a meeting of ratepayers. Sublime joke. A meeting of ratepayers ! Have those individuals just awaked from a Rip-van-Winkle sleep ? Ratepayers ! Why, they are calling a meeting of dead men, men who publicly died months ago, without the slightest hope of re surrection. If the latter were not so, thero might be on the date named an audience of a few meek, simpering ghosts, groaning in their meek and sub missive endeavors to get outsido the dictum of a few city magnates. Do the conveners of this meeting expect to create a reform in matters public ? Oh, vain hope 1 What childlike credulity. Reform ! Can the course of a cyclone be stopped 1 Can the wings of the morning be clipped ? Or the shades of night be stitched to the morning sun beams 1 If so, then we may hopo for reform. And what are tho bugbears nowjthat haunt the ambitious reformers ? Morel}’ an engineer und his assistant. Hornless monsters— merely M.I.C.E. And why be so fearsome of such small matter? Why hasn't an M.I.C.E. a right to a valet ? In truth, I think our worthy magnates ought also to appoint a boy to groom his horse, and another to sweep his office, and grant a pension to his washerwoman. I am magnani mous enough not to envy any man his good fortune, and no public body should be so lamentably short-sighted as to crowd an official’s work, that should cover a couple of years, into as many months, and expect that official to do it without proper assistance and encourage ment. In fact, I would not be adverse to giving tho official in question six months’ leave of absence on full pay, to invigorate his professional faculties, before attempting his colossal tasks. This is a great and wealthy shire, com prising throe vast parishes, several remnants, and one of the most conceited cities this side of the line ; and wo ought to do things in grand style. Or, if our noble senators cannot see their way clear to do that—as it is the rule for public bodies, if they have a fairish good sor vant, to give him a public dinner or banquet, raising his self-importance vastly thereby—give the engineer a banquet. He would then feel that his real importance and professional ser vices are appreciated, and would take heart to exert himself to fulfil his arduous duties. I offer these humble suggestions free, gratis and for nothing. They are but the humble offering of a modest old tinker; but they are pre sented with sympathy and feeling as a practical suggestion for our worthy re formers in their barren and fruitless efforts to bring order out of chaos.— Yours, in despair, HURRICANE BULGE (Tinker.) 