whoso hsdeth'a. ,-l WIFE. v$ By WILLIAM Lb QUEUX, Author of 'The Great War in England in ? . ISStT,' 'Zotaida,' 'Stolen Souls,' 'Guilty Bonds,' 'A Secret Service,' etc., &c.; [Published by special arraiiKerncnt with the author. All rights reserved. J Chafteti XXIII.— A Thurible Trtjth. Ella's cold, formal adieu stunned me. I stood open-mouthed, petrified. VVe had parted on the best of terms, she kissing me aftec- : tionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding . ; me hasten back; yet in niy absence she bad :,:: departed, evidently carrying out- some pre- ~h I arranged. plan. Her maid, Roberts, had noticed ? ' :'-i her packing her trunks three days before; .-.--- i therefore it was certain that she meant to -' -: desert me a9 soon as opportunity offered. . : -? Unaccountable and astounding as was her sudden flight, the discovery I J;ad made anioujy tho papers, in her. escritoire was even more ' amazing. It held roe stupefied and aghast. The paper I held in my hand was the original of the secret convention between England and Germany; the document that had been stolen _?-,/ from me, transmitted by telegraph to the '-? Russian Foreign Office, and had nearly caused ' ! a terrible and disastrous European war. I When I took it from among the letters and saw its neat formal writing and sprawly signa tures I gazed upon it in blank amazement, unable at first to realise the startling truth. | There was, however, no room for doubt. It '. was the actual document that had been so in ! geniously purloined, for it reposed in the escrc i toire still in its official envelope. The great j black Real affixed by tho Earl of Warnham had been broken and both envelope and document had the appearance of having at some time or other been folded small, besides being sadly crumpled. . Beneath tho shaded light I examined tha - envelope carefully and detected a faint carmine streak upon it ; then, placing it to my nostrils, ! found that it exuded a stale odor of sarn- '.'? . paguita. In an instant the truth was plain. Thepiukdiscolorationhadbeencausedbyrouge; ,. s the scent was Ella's favorite perfume that she -;-2' always procured from Paris. No doubt the -Ti document had been carried for a considerable perfod in her pocket for safety and become -.-?; crumpled, as papers will if carried in a ~ ; woman's dreys. While the envelope might easily have absorbed the odor of that unmis takable perfume from her handkerchief the ..-:'?'. streak of rouge puzzled me, for I had never suspected her of au artificial complexion, nor : had I ever bop.ii the 'hare's foot and carmine among her toilet articles. . ' Tell Roberts I wish to speak to her,' I said, turning to Juckes, who had stood by in silence, puzzled at my strange action of break- . ing the top-of tho escritoire. He obeyed and in a few moments the neat '-' dark -eyed maid entered. j 'Roberts,' I exclaimed, 'I want you to tell me something. Does my wife use any carmine to give artificial color to her checks ?' ' Oh, no, sir,' tho girl assured me. ' Madam - -.'?- is wry averse to the .use of such things. Once or twice when she has been going out at night and looked unusually pale I have' suggested a :._?;?; ) ittlo add itional color, but sho has . always re- . , fused.' ' . ' ' .-?;; ' Did she have any rougs or anything of : .' ' that sort in her possession V I ehquiredi ? ? ^ 'No, sir, I am quite certain she hadn't' ? ??% 'Why are you so confident?' . ;. 'Because only 'the other day when I was ' ;_ . .,':??' ill with a sick headache madam urged me to '?':., \ I use some color, as my face was so pale. ; ? 'L? Visitors were coming, she said, and she didn't) want me to look like a ghost. I. told her that ' \'; I had no carmine and she remarked' that she ;5 ' O had none, therefore nothing could be done.' .,./ 'When did my wife pack those two trunks ,i she took with her this evening?' \, . \S 'LaBt Monday, sir,' the .girl answered, : . , ';-; slowly twisting her befrilled apron, in her ??,'??-/?*'; hands. 'She received a note' by boy 'mes- ? . : 4'S sender and immediately set about packing the /*'L38 boxes.' ? ?.'?..-„-.?.?.? ' . ? ? : ????'?0% 'Did sho tell you anything?' I asked, '..??,- Vs$& adding confidentially, 'I. have reason 'to :. ' ' ':.-. '?. ;^S% believe that my wife, has left us, therefor? :?'- '~C^:0. anything you tell mo may assist me in tracing ' ' *.&?--$; hor.' ? :Y -.\:f '.:..,:: '. ? ' .' ' . ' \ r---,i^5ii * The girl glanced at me ingejiuine surprise. .:;1*5*^33 'Do you mean,. sir,-, that madam has— haj ' ?;; lr;y :5 -#3p runaway?' she gasped.; ' . .;;.'Tl':''v.'^| ' No— well, not ' elsactly,' . I Btammered. ' ' ' '. ./;;f^ '?'.But did she tell you anything ?' '?'??''. ' ? W -!p With, eyes downcast the girl paused in - . :';^ hesitation,' answering at last, 'oho.didn'* : *S1 actually tell me anything.' .' ' ' :,''s ..'?&;£$ ? 'But what do you know- about her iiiten- ^ ' ^^?.'?- ,| tionsf . . ( ?? ..-,.????'?.?..? .v ,:Uia 'Nothingj' she answered. -Then .aTtpr \a ? :-\ ..-:*:?-y£m pause *be added. 'Well, to tell ftiv :tb»: V:-; ??/'k^M truth, sir.Tbad suspicions.' \ . ' ;''i. ^r.;;: ^5HS^S ' Of what? Do not fear, to speak beeajase I: ' - - 'sp$$m am her husband^1 I »aid .riBassunngl*.^ :- ^U:^£f8 may an well know tlie worBiliiiitionpPr',..-,/^.-'.;.''-:.-!:-;-:-!^^?^ 'She used ireiuerirty^td;:?^^*©^1!^:^^.^;!! a gentleman. -fnby;i^W-l^wl«!*y-:%»»'-;-^;C-,t^§i missionaifeqrbyiiJ^aJiBerJ^n^' vaa waHmtot - ;;, ;''.,;?-*?& the'answeri Wben; they came I'aways ;kne£ ; *?.. , j : ;^ that on the following day she wpu)lj» beabsa^ ;-,; , .- ^ ; ft| many hours.' ' .?'. .-;-v:;.V. - ..' ?? .-,-..'. 's--.i ,:\\.;/ .-.-,-.-: ?;.--.'«?:.$ 'Ypubelieve..thifc^eiw^thi» inyster^- / ;;;y;v|^ individual— oh?B-. I ?iis1^3*feWsy»::'A'l-HV^^V;.v.;;.-;-;--;:-j;?^ ch^deiftiriely;*' '?*?-?; :^'-[.;£:i$&£-:^ -/i*;' '}ri^:'}l :\rf,%^^ H- v X«latiofed at a note lying on inadatrfsaresang'' he tablk It ni£ff«ly announced the writer's in* K? tention to attend Lady V earson's 'at home Sf and was signed *X»'' ET 'VStuXL? li^hoawely aiteralpng'silence.. r' ^Nothing,' Bhe replied. 'That is all I ¥ know 'ulr.'^ i ' M 'Has, my wife taken her jewelBf I en S? quired. i- 'No. She has left her jewel-caso un-. 1 looked, but everything is there. She has even t left behind her wedding-ring.' s ** Her wedding-ring 1 I echoed^ astounded t and dismayed. 'Then she has discarded me \ completely .' ^ ' Unfortunately it appears bo, sir,' the girl observed gravely. js 'Very well, Roberts,' I said in a broken \ voice. 'Thank you. 'Sou may go.' The girl glanced at me for an instant with '' a Bad pitying look, then turned and left, j closing the door noiselessly behind her. ' Alone, X sank into the chair utterly broken down, still holding in my nervous, trembling fingers the secret document that secured the peace and welfare of the two most powerful nations on earth. I had at lost discovered the hideous truth. Ella, the woman whose grace and beauty had held me enmeshed, and whom I had loved with an intensity of passion that was all iconsuming, was, after all, bass and worthless. Although making a hollow pretence to loyo me she had oast me aside for this mysterious man who signed himself with an initial and ?who met her secretly almost daily. I had been ,???'.? a blind, devoted idiot, I knew, but until I had : -watched her in Kensington Gardens I had ;'..? never suspected her of infamy. It Beemed. . however, that she had no sense of shams and cared nought for my dishonor or despair. Her perfidy was now revealed in all its painful reality. Ella, whom I had always regarded as pure, honest, and trusting, was a woman of ' tarnished repute. The fact that she had tho secret convention in her possession was in itself sufficient evidence that the mystery sur rounding1 her was deep and of no ordinary character. Sonia had warned mo that she was my enemy and this fact was now indeed vividly apparent. How she liad become possessed of the stolen treaty was inexplicable. Full well she knew '? ~ ail the terrible anxiety its loss had caused me and the sensation that its revelation had created throughoat Europe. Times without numbar I had mentioned to her how anxious my chief was to recover the original so that our enter prising friends in St Petersburg oould have no tangible proof that ill had actually existed, yet she had given no sign that she knew any thing of it, much less that it actually reposed in my own drawing-room. I did not fail in those moments of my despair to recollet that \- she had been on the most intimate terms with Pud ley Ogle, the man suspected to have been in the service of the Czars Government and as I sat in wonderment it became gradually impressed upon me that through those many months I had been basely tricked and that Ella herself, charming and ingenuous as she seemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England. Several faais that I recollected combined to produce this startling belief. Because of my confidential position as secretary to tho Earl of Warnbam it was apparent that EUa, with the assistance of my whilom friend Dudley and the encouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me beneath her spell. She had become my wife, not because she had ever loved me, but because sha could feign affeotion or hatred with equal impunity and had some' ulterior motive in oLiahiing my confidence. Her firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudley's mysterious end showed plainly that if they were not lovers they had acted in com plete accordl and what was more likely than that he, having stolen the secret convention, had on that memorable night at the Nook handed it to hoc, the instigator of the ingenious theft ? Yes an hoar or so later he died from some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. To her the tragic occurrence was a mystery, as to a}], and her refusal to render mo any ex planation of her suspicions actions was, I now saw, quite natural. Held beneath the iron thraldom of her masters in St. Petersburg she dared not utter one word, hence I had re mained in the outer darkness of doubt) and ignorance. However it might be, on9 thing was certain. She had been unexpectedly parted from me either by choice or compulsion. Perhaps it was that to pose as my wife was no longer necessary, yet if 6he were actually a spy was it not curious that in departing she Bhould over look this document, of which the Ministry at St. Petersburg were so anxious to possess thctnselv.s! Again as I sat alone before the cheerless frate I reflected that if she were in the pay of tussia surely M. Grodekoff, the Ambassador, would have been acquainted with her. Besides, what reason could Renouf have had in making such careful enquiries, or why did Paul Ver » blioudovitch discredit the truths uttered by Sonia, and urge me to marry the woman I loved? Nevertheless if, as I supposed, my position in the Foreign Office had caused me to be the victim of a clever and deeplycon ceived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Czar's representative should disclaim all knowledge of the sweet-faced agent, or that Paul had praised her and cast obloquy upon Sonia, in order that their plans, whatever they weie, should be achieved. Of fbe actions of Renouf and his strange disregard for detection X could form no satisfactory conclusion. All I knew was that Ella's career had been an uu Bcrupnloos and inglorious one, and that she ' bad cast me aside as soon as her infamous ends had been attained. - The only parson who could elucidate the mystery was Sonia, the pretty girl who had been denounced by Eenonf as a murderess, and who was now in 'hiding in far-off Russia in some out of -the worldfplace where I oould never hope to find her. If she were clever enough to elude the combined vigilance of tho detective force ot. Europe, as undoubtedly she had done, there was but little hope that I oould ever run her to earth. The mystery had by Ella's flight been in creased rather than explained, for the more I pondered tho more deeply-rooted became the conviction that she had decamped beoause she had cause to fear some strange development , that would lead to her exposure and shame. After a time. I roused myself and taking from the broken escritoire the other letters it contained, five in number, examined them \- eagerly beneath the light' All were in the same hand, a heavy mascu F line one, written evidently with a quill. One by one I road them, undine that they con tained appointments, which fully bore out her jnaid'e suspicions. 11 _ 'My. idear Ella,' ope ran, 'to- morrow I i sTiall foe on the departure platform at King's 1-- Cross station at 11.30. I have good news for ' you. £pme.— X/' . ? \ i -? Another regretted the writer a inability to f keep an ^fcppofatinetttt as he had been called unexpectedly %', P4ris and was compelled to leave by w$ Mghi'^wl from Charing Cross. He, however, promised *6'return in Jhreedays Ana gave her the Grand Hotel as his address if she I bftnf rft neoeasarj to telegraph. -..? . Strangely enough the letters contained no endearing terms, either at their commencement #r conwnBioB. ITprmaJ -and brief, they all related to ^jwintinfints &} various places In k London iroeVo tWdpenjons wight meet un L , pfi&di; Vy !tf» wow^, an* all weresigned by L .J/*«» *faap» myttenaOB initial I stood With r: - my pocket, together with 'thasecret document f had eo unexpectedly iineafthed, i -^crammed on my hat and liftstily drove to^bnt-streefc : :T The house was - in darkness, (save for a light in the: basement and Jin -answer to jny summons, after a lapse of some miriutes4 a tall gaunt woman in rusty black appeared in the area below. \ - ? -; I was surprised at beiug thus met by a stranger, but enquired for Mrs. Laing. 'Mrs. Laing ain't at 'ome, sir,' answered the woman, looking up and speaking with a strong Cookney twang. 'Not at home 1' I exclaimed, surprised. 'Where is she!' 'She's gone abroad somewheres, but I don't know where,' tho woman answered. ' She's sold all her valuables, discharged the servants, and loft me 'ere as 'ousekeeper.' . ' When did ehe go ?' I aalced. ' This morning. I answered an advertise ment in the Chronicle yesterday and entered on my duties 'ere to-day. Quick, ain't it V The rapidity of her engagement I was com pelled to adnul-, hut proceeded to make further enquiry whether Mrs. Laing'fi daughter had been there. * ' No, sir. No one's beon here to-day except a foreign-looking gentleman, who asked if madam had left, and when I said that she had he went away quite satisfied.' 'What kind of man was he V ' Tall and thin, with a longish dark beard.' The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance; therefore, after come further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's mysterious departure, I was compelled to wish the worthy woman good evening. She knew nothing of Sirs. Laing's movements, not even the name of the terminus to which she had driven, such pains had Ella's mother taken to conceal the direction in which she intended to travel. Some secret undoubtedly existed between mother and daughter; its nature held me perplexed and bewildered. Chapter XXIV.— Strictly Confidential. The early morning was dryt frosty, but star less. The clock of that fashionable temple of Hymen, St. George's, Hanover-square* was slowly chiming 3 as I alighted from a cab at the corner of Mount-street, and walking along Berkeley-square ascended the steps of the Earl of Warnham's great mansion and rang its ponderous bell. The place ?waa severe and gloomy enough by day, but in the silence and darkness of the night its exterior pre sented a forbidding, almost ghostly, appear ance. It was an unusual hour for a call, but, knowing that a porter was on duty always and that dispatches frequently arrived during the night, I had no hesitation in seeking an interview. In a few moments there was a grating sound of bolts drawn baok, a clanking of chains, and tho heavy door was slowly opened by the sleepy man, who, with a word of recognition, at once admitted me. Walking across the great square hall warmed by a huge roaring fire I passed down the passage to the Earl's study and rapped at the door, receiving an impatient permission to enter. The Minister for Foreign Affairs was sitting at his table where I had left him, with an empty teacup at his Bide, resting his pale weary brow upon his hand and writing dis patohea rapidly with his scratchy quill. His are was nearly out, the pair of candles in their heavv old-fashioned silver candlesticks that Btood upon his writing table had burned down almost to their sockets and the strong smell of burnt paper that pervaded the book-lined den showed that with hia innate cautiousness he had destroyed documents that he did not desire should be seen by other eyes. The world-renowned- statesman raised hia head as I entered, gave vent to a low grunt of dissatisfaction, and continued writing at top most speed. I saw I was unwelcome, but well acquainted with his mannerisms and eccentri cities, walked to the fire, added more fuel, and waited in patience until he bad finished. 'Well, he snarled, casting down his pen impatiently and turning upon meat last. I thought you, of all men, were aware that I do not desire interruption when at work.' '1 should not have ventured to come at this hour,' I said, ' ' were it not that the news I bring is of extreme importance.' He sighed, as was his habit when expecting further complications. 'What is its nature ?' he asked eoldJy, lean ing back in his chair. 'Abandon pre liminaries, please, and como to the point. What is it V ' I have reooverod the original of our secret convention with Germany, I answered in as quiet a tone as I could assume. ' You have 1' he cried excitedly, starting up. 'You are quite right to Beek me at once — quite right. Where did you obtain itf'he enquired. Slowly I drew forth the precious document from my pocket and handed it to him still in the envelope that bore my own mark with the remains of his broken seal. He took it eagerly and bent to the candles to examine it more closely. A few seconds Bufnoed to reassure him that the document was the genuine one. . 'It is fortunate that this has returned into our possession,' he observed, his thin blue lips quivering slightly. 'I feared that it had already passed beyond our reach and that one day or other in the near future our policy must be narrowed by the knowledge that it was pre Berved in the archives of the Foreign Office at Petersburg, and oould be used as a pretence for a declaration of war by_ Russia and France. Now, however, that the original is again in our possession we can disclaim all copies, and give assurances that no secret understanding exists between us and Berlin. The only fact that at present . lends color to the assertion of the Boulevard journals is the ill-timed bestowal of the Iron Cross upon Count Landsfeldt. Such an action was characteristic of their hot headed Emperor. Then, after a second's reflection, ho added, 'Just sit down, Deedes, and write to Sir Philip Emden at Berlin, ask ing him to, obtain audienoe immediately of the Kaiser, point out the harmful impression this decoration has occasioned, and get his Majesty to exhibit his marked displeasure towards Landsfeldt in some form or other. That .'will remove any suspicion that the convention is actually an accomplished fact. Besides, you may bint also that it may be well for the relations between the Kaiser and Sir Philip to appear slightly strained, and that this fact should be communicated indirectly to the press. Sit down and write at once : it must be sent under flying seal.* I obeyed and commenced writing a forma dispaton, while, in answer to the cueotric bell rung by his lordship, the sleepy night porter appeared. ' Oalvert,' exclaimed the Minister, 'tele- phone to the Foreign Office and say that I want a messenger to call here and proceed to Berlin by the morning mail.' 'Yes, m'lord,' answered the man, bowing and closing tho door. While I wrote the Sari perused the docu ment, the loss of which had caused the Cabi nets of Europe so much apprehension, and tak ing bis magnifying glass he examined the por tions of the seal still remaining. Then care fully unlocking one of the email private drawers in the top of the great writing table he took therefrom some some object and gazed upon -t long: and earnestly. With a heavy sigh bo again replaced it and slowly locket the drawer. When I had finished and placed the instructions to Sir Philip Emden before him bo took up his quill, corrected my letyer, here and there adding an emphatic won Obtaining one , -:o| ^b^ito^iiaji^v^i^r the - transmission ot' -ii^te/.^ispitcBBSj'*; -J deposited it therein, sealed j^;taid;p1aco-i ^Upon , t one of those labels w^ a cWsa'urawii iijion its face, ;the signification: 'of.3ih«t'')nigii.; JfeiPB that it is never toWlest steljl of .by .036 unes senger. There are two kinds ^of baga-jSent ?.?out;! and received by the -Foreign Office, *mb with this cross-marked label and the -other without it. The hitter are generally larger and less important and may oe placed with the me3 senger's luggage. It is no pleasant life our messengers lead, liable as they are to be sum moned at an hour's, notice to 'proceed at once' to anywhere, from Brussels to Teheran. Armed with ajnissez-passer they are constantly hurrying over the face of Europe as fast as the fastest expresses can carry them, passing through the frontier stations freed from the trouble some concomitant of ordinary travelling, tho examination of luggage ; -known on all the great trunk lines from. Fans to Constantinople and from Borne to St. Petersburg, sometimes bearing epoch-making documents, sometimes a lady's hat of latest mode, or a parcel of foreign delicacies, but always on the alert and generally sleeping on a layer of stiff dispatches and bulky 'notes.' At last, having made up the bag, I rose slowly and faced my chief. ' Well,' he exclaimed, raising his keen eyes, from the document I bad brought him and regarding me with that [etony, Bphinxdike ex pression lie assumed when resolved upon crosa questionnig. ' How did you obtain possession of this?' 'I found it.' I answered. 'Found it r he growled, with a cynical carl of tho lip. ' I suppose that you have some lame story that yon pioked it up in the street, or something — eh?' he exclaimed teatily. 'No,' I replied hoaraely, 'mine is no lame story, although a wretched _ one. The discovery has unnerved and bewildered me, its ? ' ' I have no desire to know how its discovery effected you mentally,' he interrupted with impatient sarcasm. ' ' I asked where you found it, he observed coldly. ' I found it in my own house,' I answered. 'Then you mean to tell me it has been in your possession the whole time? The thing's impossible,' be cried angrily. 'Remember the dummy palmed off upon me and the fact that an exact copy was transmitted to Peters burg.' ' ' No. It has not been in my possession, ' I answered, leaning against my writing chair for support. ' I— I found it among my wife's possessions.' 'Your wife,' he gasped, agitated. He had turned ghastly pals at the mention of her name and trembling with agitation swayed' forward. A moment later, however, he recovered his self-possession, clutched at the corner of his table, and regarding me sharply asked, 'What do you Buspect?' ? ' t soarce kno'w what to suspect,' I an swered gravely, striving to remain calm, . but remembering at that instant the curious effeot produced upon the Foreign Minister when he liad first seen Ella dancing at tho embassy ball. My declaration that I hadibund this official bond of nations in her possession had pro duced a similar disquieting result which puzzled me. 'But surely she can have had no hand in the affair,' he cried. 'She certainly did not strike me as an adventuress. or an agent of the Czar'6 secret service.' 'It is a problem that I cannot solve,' I exclaimed Blowly, watching the strange haggard look upon his usually imperturbable features. 'After leaving you this evening I went home only to find a letter of farewell from her, and ? ' 'She has -fled then I' he exclaimed with quick suspicion. 'Yes. Her flight was evidently pre arranged and curiously enough her mother, who lives in Pont street, has discharged her servants, disposed of a good deal of her pro perty, and also departed.' 'Gone together, no doubt,' the Earl ob served, frowning reflectively. 'But is it not very strange that she should have left the stolen convention behind ? Surely if my wife were actually a Russian agent she would never have been guilty of such indiscre tion,' 1 said. 'The mystery is inexplicable, Deedes/' he declared, with a heavy look, half of pain, half of bewilderment. 'Absolutely inex plicable.' This aged man, to whoso firmness, clover statesmanship, and calm foresights England owed her place as foremost among the Powers, was trembling with an excitement he strove in vain to suppress. In manner that surprised me his cold cynical face relaxed, and placing his thin bony hand upon my shoulder with fatherly tenderness, her Majesty's most tni3ted Minister urued me. to confide in him all. my suspicions and my fears. ''You have, I.believe, after all, been cruelly wronged Deedes, ' he added in a low, harsh tone. 'I sympathise with you, because I myBelf once 'felt the loss of a wife deeply, and I know what feelings mustj be yours now that you suspect the woman you^have trusted and loved to have been guilty of base treachery and espionage. She, or someone in association with her, has besmirched England's honor and brought us to the very verge of a terrible national disaster. Providentially, thiB was averted — by what means we have not yet ascer tained, although our diplomatic agents at the Court of the Czar are striving day and night to ascertain ; yet the fact remains that we were victimised by some daring secret agent who sacrificed everything in order to accomplish the master stroke of espionage. I can but re-echo the thanks to Heaven uttered by my gracious Sovereiffnwhen she received news that war had been averted, nevertheless it is my duty — nay it is yours, Deedes, to strive on without resting, in order that this mystery may be satisfactorily unravelled.' For a moment we were silent. Then, in a voice that I felt painfully conscious was br-oken by grief and emotion, I related to him the whole of the wretched story of my marriage, my suspicions, the discovery of Ella in Ken sington Gardens, how I- had taxed her with flirtation and frivolity, our peace-making, and her sudden and unexpected flight. He heard me through to the end with bent head, sighing now and then sympathetically. Then he slowly asked— 'Did you ever refer to those earlier incidents, such as the death of that young man Ogle ? Remember, whatever you tell me I shall regard as strictly confidential' ' I seldom mentioned it, as she desired me not to do so.' ' When you referred to it, what was her attitude?' ne enquired in a pained tone, the furrows on his high white brow deep and clearly defined. .' 'She declared always that he had been murflered and vowed to deteot the author of the crime.' 'Are you, in your own mind; convinced that there was anything really mysterious regarding her aotions j or -were -they only .every-day facts distorted 'by jealousy?1 he asked gravely. ' ' '???.' '?' There is, I believe, some deep mystery re garding her past,' I answered. He knit his grey Bhaggy brows and started perceptibly. ? * '.' Her pastl' he echoed. . 'Were you aware of any ~er— unpleasant fact prior to mar n≥ r ' no enquired quickly. ' Yes. She promised to explain every^hiiy erelong; therefore, loving her devoted& f&l; did, .1 resolved to main 1-er my wife -and ftWftitinpatienoeber-explftBation/' .. c ' n »_ ^w ^m0a^tatmmmiK*mf^m i. .?1^,111 1 1 j^ ^ .^ 1 m—m^mfm .^.^ . .'. ead, he added, '?'*/ The more I&fio;&&'ibe inpj«' appatoeijt; does uit .jjjecpme that Ella !£»}& meaBt,rby;ijecpinJng; yiiur wife, Jto': accotoplish' fibme great, coup, but, prevented Jby some -un-' . foreseen circumstance, she has been compelled to fly, and in her haste overlooked tbis incrimi nating paper.' . This, too, was my own opinion, and talcing from my puclut the whole of the letters that were in the escritoire I placed them lief ore him. 'They are from your wife's mysterious over,' he observed when a few moments later he had digested them. 'Who he is there is no evidence to show. 'You suspect him, of course, to be the man she met in Kensington Gardens?' I nodded. A sigh escaped me. 'Well,' he went on. ' Leave them with me. A caligraphic expert may possibly find some clue to the identity of their writer/' Afterwards he took up the broken envelope that had contained the treaty, carefully ro examlriing its .edges by the aid of , hia large magnifying glass. . ? ' : There is another curious fact that. we must not overlook,' he oliserved slowly. ' While the seal had been broken this envelope has also passed through a ' cabinet noir/ See, this edge bears unmistakable traces after wear in tbe pocket,' and he handed it to me, to gether with his glass. The suggestion was startling and one that I had entirely overlooked. The ' cabinet noir' is a term well understood in diplomacy, but unfamiliar perhaps to the general public. Official documents of no great importance are often sent by post and in most European countries this has led to the establishment of a 'cabinet noir' in which the envelope is opened and its contents examined. The mode of pro cedure is interesting. The letter to be opened is first Ehaken well in Buch a way that tho enclosure falls to one side of tho envelope leaving a space of about a quarter of an inch between it and the outer edge. This edge is then placed under an extremely sharp knife worked like a guillotine, care being takon to put it carefully at right angles to the knife, which is then brought down and outs off a Blip about one-hundrcth part of an inch wide. The envelope is now open and the enclosure is extracted by a pair of piuchors made for the purpose. After examination it is replaced and the ticklish job of removing all trace of the opening has to be done. This is very ingenious. There are different pots of paper pulp mixed with a little gum and each tinted a different color to suit the various shades of paper that are operated upon. A very fine camel-hair brush is dipped into the pot containing the proper tint and is then run carefully along tlm edges which have been cut open. They are then closed and left under a press for . an hour or so and after being Etnoothed wjth a 'flat steel instrument it would take a very clever expert to notice that the. envelope has passed through the 'cabinet noir.' I saw, however, in this worn envelope the two edges were coming apart and at once ad mitted the truth of the Earl's assertions. He was intensely . shrewd ; scarcely any minute detail escaped him, 'Well,' he said reflectively at last. 'There is but one person from whom we may ascertain the truth. 'Who V ' Your wife.' 'But she has disappeared.' ' We must trace her. She must not escape us,' he cried fiercely, with eet teeth. ' She has wronged you and acted in collusion with a man who has betrayed his country and met with a tragic end, even if she herself did not actually sell the copy of the secret convention to our onemies— which appears to me more than likely.' ' ' What causes you to believe this ?' I en quired, surprised at his sudden assertion. ' I have a reason,' he answered quickly, with an air of myEtery. The cold manner of the expert diplomatist had again settled upon him. 'If it is as I expect I will show her no mercy, for it is upon me, as Foreign Minister of her. Majesty, that opprobrium hss fallen.' 'But she is still my wife,' I obsorved, for even at that moment, when I had discovered her false and base^ I had not ceased to regard her with a passionate affection. 'Wife ! he snarled angrily. 'You would have been a thousand times better dead than married to such as she.' Then he added — ' Remain here. lam going to the telephone to apprise Scotland Yard of her flight. She only left to-night after the mails were gone, therefore if we have the ports watched we may yet find her.' And he left me, his quick footsteps echoing down the long corridor. The moment he had gone I went to his table. Some sudden curiosity prompted me to endeavor to ascertain what he had been gazing upon so intently while my back had been turned in penning the instructions to Sir Philip Emden. Quickly I took his keys and unlocking the tiny drawer opened it. Inside there reposed a highly - finished cabinet portrait of my_ wife. Amazed to find this picture in the posses sion of my chief I took it in my bands and stood agape. Its pose was unfamiliar, but the reason I had never before seen a copy of it was instantly made plain. It bore the name of a well-known St. Petersburg photographer. EUa had lied to me when she had denied ever having been in Russia,^ . ( To be continued. ) 