FIRST TRIP TO LONDON. THRILLING EXPERIENCE OF A I WILLIAMSTOWN NATIVE. BY HARTLEY WATSO'. APPENDED is a letter from Mr Watson, son of Captain Watson of the p.s. Gem, tl giving a detailed account of his maiden 1 trip to London in the sailing ship Loch ] Etive : London Docks, 18 I 6 1 97. 1I DEAR M.-My good ship has brought 'me I safely across the two oceans, and now I am 8 in the world's metropolis, which place, after C events that happened on the voyage I never expected to see, either that or any F other metropolis, except, of conrse, the 1 great "Metropolis" of all. Well, as you 1 know, we cleared the Heads on a fine Satur. day morning, and by the next evening we f were out of esight of land. Our course lay 8 round the west coast of Tasmania, where we I mnde for the high latitudes, so as to got 8 favorable winds to take us to Cape Horn. C I'felt very home sick the first Sunday at sea. 7 While I was at the wheel, 6 to 8 p.m., the last sight of Cape Otway faded into a blue f mist, and I thought how long it would be 8 before I saw that dear land again. We t were soon to have exciting times, for that 7 very night a big barque, supposed to be the b Saint Monan, of Liverpool, nearly ran into us. We all got a terrible fright and did not sleep much for the remainder of that night. They seemed in great confusion 7 aboard the barque, and were asking where I they were. She was empty and bound for r Newcastle, "N.S.W. Next day bad weather started, but'after a few days the wind became favorable and we tore along at the rate of 240 miles a day for five days. This took us toNew Zealand, and we were abreast of the-Auck.land Island on April 14th. We crossed the meridianz -.the .18th, and as it was Sunday, ,theaLOldA'I',1iAn~Ie' emaknS-treaexs?af"Sunday too, so we had a fine spell. But the weather being so cold and stormy, the only thing to do was to turn in and sleep, which sailors always do in bad weather, in case they are all night on deck. Our latitude was 50.41-720 miles further south than Melbourne-so you can imagine it would be rather chilly. On April 20th, orders came for'ard to keep a look out for ice, as the sea thermometer was very low and the weather bitterly cold, with misty drizzling rain. Every eight hours a little canvas bag of salt water is drawn up and the instrument put into it ; this always tells of the proximity of icebergs. On April 28th it registered 42, while the air was 40-two degrees colder-and, my word! it was cold; we were frozen to our very marrow, although we had all the clothes on we could move about in. This day it had been blowing ( hard, as usual, with a heavy sea running, and when our watch came on deck at 8 p.m, it was pitch dark and blowing half a gale. It was my wheel till 10 p.m. (4 bells), but the others were sent aloit to take in sail and were so engaged till 11.30 p.m., by which time the vessel was under upper and lower topsails, foresail and staysails. I had three and a half hours instead of two, for it is the rule aboard ship, when aloft taking in sail, to always finish the stowing before relieving the wheel. The captain was on deck as well as the mate, and the former remarked that I was having a " good long trick," but as she has the latest patent-acrew.steering-gear, the work of steering is not so hard, but all the same the heavy sea that was running necessitated me keeping my eyes open and on the alert. At 12 midnight " all hands" were called to take, in the fore upper topsails and inner jib. While engaged in this work, (encased in oilskins, mittens and sea boots with the seas drenching us and washing us intolthe lee scuppers) some of the ropes got foul and-one of the apprentices was sent aloft to clear it. While on the yard he shouted out:to us, " Ice on the port bow and close to !" Immediately we looked over the rail and there saw what appeared to me to be a big ship coming straight for us in full sail. Fortunately the "Old Man" was on deck, and after a moment's glance to see which'way it was travelling, ordered the yards to be squared and the helm to -be put up so as to pass to leeward of it. We all went aft pretty smart and pulled for our lives. The next thing that we - saw was a big white tower two hundred feet high and eighty feet broad almost right ahead of us. The mate, who was on the poop, now called out " We're done for this time, boys I She's right into it I" .,As we looked ahead our hearts sank within us. D ath stared us in the face. I thought it hard to die so soon, to be drowned in that fearful cold ocean and so far south that.probably we would never be heard of, no trace of the vessel discovered or picked up. Even if we could launch the boats, how long would they have lived in the sea that was running and the coldh, too? I shijer now when I think of it-that fear ful night I However, although we seemed to be crashing right into it she was obeying her helm splendidly and going off quickly although it did not seem so to us. .When it was abreast of the foremast and about 40 feet off we (all hands who had been pul ling in the weather braces) moved under the midship bridge as our mainyard seemed certain to hit it and of course that would cause it to fall down and crush us into a thousand pieces; so as a drowning man clutches at a straw, we went under the bridge thinking that it would perhaps save us (vain hope). Not a word was spoken-' as the huge perpendicular mass .passed slowly by. I think everybody was thinking of the next world. You should have seen our faces more like ghosts than men I ... Forty feet off and abreast of our mainmast hope sprang within us, for the main yards had cleared it by a few feet, and the mizzen crojack yards being much smaller, there was a chance yet. But alas 1 just at this moment the ship gave three heavy. bumps and then slid off a projecting ledge that ran out under water. Away on the other side of the 'berg,which was a magnificent sight, ran' out a ledge above water for a hundred yards nearly, so it was a great mercy that we had gone to leeward of it. The ship now began' to roll and pitch in a sickeing manner. The .order rang out from the " Old Man'- on the poop, -' Carpenter :sound the pumps !" There was a crowd of anxious faces as we gathered rouind the pumps, when the carpenter with his lamp and sounding rod sounded the welL Then the relief (momentary) when he .reported "No water, hold dry.". We were then ordered to take in more sail. Two men were put on the look outand all hands told to "stand by" which was quite needless as the nervous excitement we waere in prevented any thoughts of sleep. The hold was sounded in five or six different parts of the ship, but, oh joy I There was still no water. • We encountered no more ice, but were caught in a.'fearful hurricane which almost overwhelmed us. It was a most miserable timens; every night all hands used to besiege the galley (where a fire was kept going) with our wet clothes, boots and blankets. We drove poor cook mad, dirtying his doniain aid wasting his coal. May 4th, snow fell beavily all day nmaking the ship looltpretty, and put me in mind of an English Christmas.card. We had a grand snow-balling match. Pity the poor beggar who went along the decks unwarily, for the first thing he knew was a bang in the neck with a snow-ball. The mate said he had never seen such a heavy fall before! We were kept busy sweeping it into the scuppers, and if we had to touch iron, oh the agony it caused to our poor frozen fingers. Late on the 12th of May we rounded Cape Horn, a desolate, bleak, iron bound shore. Now the ship was headed for the flying-fish country, and each day would bring more Christian weather. May 24th Queen's Birthday-the ship's colors were h6isted, and the captain gave us a holiday and a "blow-out" dinner, fresh pork, duff, etc. It was our first lovely day after 52 of oilskins, sea-boots and mittens- fifty-two days of terribly stormy weather that I and a good many others wcill never forget. Mr C. (passenger) shouted for us and made us drink the Queen's health-which we duly did. We had a grand run through the tropics, and were becalmed only ten days during which we painted our rusty (trusty) travel- stained vessel and made her look a clipper again for our arrival in London. Sunday, July lith, 102 days out, we sighted Land's end, Tuesday were taken in tow, and on Thursday at 4 p m.,were safely moored in the London docks after an awfully exciting voyage, but a pleasant time for all that. God kept and delivered us to our" desired haven," for which we thanked Him. (To be continued.) [The next letter contains first impressions of England, along the coast, up the Channel, river, etc.] 