BRIGHT ÀNfi BRIEF; ? ? I " He used te be a common thief until be . i got rich and retired." " What is he now ?" I " A kleptomaniac." The young man who ie anxious to lay the world at the feet of the girl he adores, three months after be marries her isn't willing eren to lay the carpet. Extract from catalogue of a lending library t " In the novele and *tori*s marked with an asterisk the happy couples get married at the finish." Maria: "What does thin mean about them society people dressin' for dinner ?" Josh : " Well, I guess they get up late an* has their breakfast in bed." Sunday School Teacher : " Who was Noah?" Pupil: "Ho was a weather prophet. When he said it was going to rain nobody believed bim." Taken at His Word.-Adolphus (quoting Shakespeare) : " If thou wilts needs marry, marry a fool." Ethel: "Oh, Dolly, this is so sudden. Toil must ask papa." Editress: "This Joke dates from thc time of Pharoah." Humourist: "How careless I was to .submit it to you, when 1 might have known you would have remem- bered it." Sunday School Teacher : "Johnny, what does Christmas mean?" Johnny: "My pa says Christmas means swapping a lot o' things you can't afford for a lot o' things you don't want." Smith ; " I see that a bullet from one of those new rifles will' kill six men, standing one behind another." Thompson ; " You don't say ! In that casi a man might as well go to the front." "This" heney doesn't look to be pure," said the cautious grocer. ." But, man," earnestly replied the apiarist, "it lias to be pure. You wouldn't expect a man in the bee line to be crooked?.now, could you ?" - "I'm all in the-dark about how these bills are to be paid/' said Mr. Hard up to his wife. " Well, Henry," «aid she, as she pulled out one and laid it on the top of the pile,"'you will be if you don't pay that one, for that's the gas bill/' ' To a cycli6t,~who bragged that what he knew about cycling would fill a good- sized book, the police officer who arrested him fer running over an old lady replied, '. And what you don't know about it would fill ti good-sieed cemetery." At the Bookseller's. - Lady (to pro- prietor) : " Good heavens ! what's the matter with your assistant ? Is he seized with lockjaw ?" Proprietor (soothingly) : " Don't be alarmed, madame. Ho is only trying to pronounce the- name of-Sir Edwin Arnold's new volume of poeme." " Young man," sand the judge to à prisoner who had been .found t guilty of stealing seme stained-glass windows, " whatever possessed you to take te this strange form -of robbery ?" ". Your Honour," replied the peor fellow, " it is a result of my early education." " How so?" "People were continually telling me te take panes." "That's a nice-looking dog," remarked the kindly eld gentleman, who takes an interest in everything. " Vox. sub, he looks all right," replied the coloured man, who was leading him with a piece of rope. "Hé looks like a pointer." "Yes, euh. Da's what he look like ; but dat am' what' bois.' He's a dissappointer." " And you bet 60dol. against lOOdol. that Stryker would win the fight? Why, be hasn't the ghost of a chance. He isn't in Muggsy's class at all. Mugg6y weuld knock him out in less than a dozen rounds. You'll lose your money to a dead certainty." *. That's all right. Don't you worry a cent.'s worth about me. 1 know the referee." A contemporary recently had the follow- ing advertisement " Free-one lesson (20 minutes) en violin or anandoliue will be given to everyone who buys one pound of advertiser's two-shilling tea." " Did Blodson say anything when ht sat down on that pin ?" "I should think so ; you should have just heard his remarks." "Ah, very much to tho point, I suppose." "A great many people sleep between these walls," said-the guide showing the visitor through the-ancient English church where the noble families were interred. " Same way over in our <30untry," replied the visitor ; " why don't they get a better preacher?" " Your lawn is beautiful, Mr. Wilkins it's just like a carpet," said the visitor. "Inieed it is," said Wilkins, proudly; " why, our man the other day in a fit of absent-mindedness got out the carpet sweeper to sweep it instead of the lawn- mower." " I saw a scientific note the other day/' observed the Professor, " to tbe effect that the oak furnishes a heme for 309 species of insecte. " That's - very. kind of tho oak," «aid the Idiot, drily. -'-'Bat it can't com- pete with the average country hotel." Teacher " As on example infractions, suppose a man kept a butcher's shop and a customer called for five pounds of meat and he had only four to otu. What would the butcher de ?" Johnny (a butcher's bright son) : " Keep his hand on the meat while he was weighing it." " Charlie, you said you'd been to Sunday school ?" Charlie-(with a far-away look) : " Yes, momma." Mother " How does it happen that your hands smell fishy?" Charlie : "I-carried home the Sunday school paper, and the outside paper is all about Jonah -an' the whale." " And when was it," she asked tenderly, " that yen made up your mind to propose ?" j fie blushed and faltered and tried te say that it was on a summer night; when she looked radiantly beautiful in the pale moonlight. As a matter of fact it was one morning when the boarding-house coffee was exceptionally' weak and the longing for a home ef his own grew stronger and stronger, but how could he tell her that? A lawyer had agréât réputation for col- lecting bad debts. It was to this lawyer that little Bob Finchly repaired when he was requested te run quick for a doctor, as a neighbour's child had swallowed a coin. " Bother the déctor/' cried Bob ; '.' run: fer lawyer1 Johnson î^heîji ¿et the-money out: of hi» iioicif r tUb . 