At The Baths Cavill's Carnival This evening. To start at 8 o'clock. A good time promised. The Geological Society has £75 in hand. A daily paper about to appear in Eanowna, Premier crushing 160 tons for 198 ounccs. The sharemarket temains inactive all round. T/ccal Court adjourned this morning until 2 p.m. Only one case at the Police Court this morning. Three fever patients admitted to the hospital yesterday. Menzies still" humping its back " over the colored labor question. Swimming baths for Kalgoorlie. Surplus water from the mines to be used. Mr. Wm. Griffith unanimously elected president of the Geological Society. Acting Warden Compton falling foul of the Kalgoorlie mining agents again. Water is badly required on the road between Coolgardie and the Norseman. Upwards of £140 has been collected in nid of the St. Patrick'** Day celebration. A gicat many important conveniences have been added at the Coolgardie racecourse. Winter festivities at Pctersburgh to be abandoned, owing to the illness of the Czarina. Mr. G. Lightley appointed assistant mining inspector.. He will probably be stationed at Kalgoorlie. Charles Bentley fined twenty shillings this morning for being disorderly in Bayley street yesterday. At Mr. Bellingham's office Fome good speci mens of quartz from the Great Sensation mine are on view. Weather report.—Coolgardie—Maximum, 98; minimum, 64.8. Menzies—Maximum, 100; minimum, 74. The Government propose to meet Parlia< ment in July Federal Convention or no Federal Convention. The 20-stamps at the Westralia and Great Extension mine at Bonnie Vale dropped for tbe first time to-day. Mr. Wittenoom denies " Brer " Alec's state, ment that the wholesale exemptions are due to pressure from London. The rumor that the crushing machinery on the General Gordon mine had been faultily erected has been officially denied. A scheme for the better management of the Recreation Reserve to be drawn up by the delegates of the sporting associations. " This is the largest goldfield on the face of tbe earth."—Mr. Griffiths at the Geo. logical Society meeting last evening. Dr. Davy unanimously elected honorary secretary, treasurer and curator of the Coolgardie branch of the Australasian Geological Society. The City Council of Brussels has passed a vote prohibiting ladies wearing hats in theatres. The St. Patrick's Day Celebration Sports Committee bus drawn up a splendid programme of athletic events for competition on that day. Two familiar rooks in Bournemouth Bay (Eng.) were known as " Old Harry and His Wife.' The " Wife " succumbed during the recent gale. The Lambeth Guardians, finding young women object to the term, have abolished "general servant" altogether, substituting for it " ward-maid." A silver collar was (in London) publicly placcd on the neck of a retriever dog for saving the lives of captain and mate of a sailing bargu which foundered in North-fleet Hope. The Appeal Court has upheld the convic. tion of a London milk-seller for crying his wares on the Sunday. The conviction of a Sheffield barber was quashed owing to a technicality. A ghost story comes from Dublin. A lady says she has lately seen the figure of a deceased member of the chapter sitting in his a stall in the cathedral. A second lady asserts that she has seen tbe same figure. w Through a mistake in the printed list a Battersca (Eng.) lady was summoned to serve J t on a coroner's jury. She wrote to the coroner, saying she was " afraid her sex would render her unable to serve as a juryman/" It has been found necessary to place an iron grille round the recumbent effigy of a dean ill Bristol Cathedral, worshippers, with out thinking, being in the habit of placing their hats and coats upon it, making the ffigy look ridiculous. A first edition of Izaak Walton's " Comleat Angler" fetched £416 at an auction ale in London.—A Strad violin realised £145.—A flounce of Brussels lace sold for 06 guineas, a Greek coin 2300 years old going for £32. a s w w y m t m w h h u o h c o 