MAIL NEWS. SPANISH FLOODS. it was reported in Madrid on Sop ember 14 that moro than 100 housos had been damaged by Jlooda at Valdepefinn, Hundreds oi barrels containing oil, wiuo, find alcohol were carried away. Tho flood.') wero causod by a little brook running through tho town which suddenly overflowed, Tho damage is esti mated at moro than '5,000,000 Josotas. Many dead bodies havo been discovered, nnd tho Iohb of cattle has been im mouse. Valdo poiins is one of the most important centres oi tho wine industry, and it is in tho largo factories dovolaa to tho manui'aeturo of tho hrand that poos l',y the iiaiuo of tJio (own that 'the Jlootls have worked tho greatest havoc. Many important wino collars havo been inundated, ihousamlfl of tuns of wine have been spoiled. Ono cellar alono contained 400 vcsroIs of the capacity of U2 pints eacli, nil filled with liquid of excellent vintugo, and all of which 1mb been lost. i-W hm;o faclorioB and seven extensive collars have been destroyed, besides which thero havo been many other, minor disasters. MAHSAGE MAGIIINH, Professional masseurs rauat be waro ^ lest they wake up some morning to find their occupation gone. It would net-in that thore has alroady been imported from the Continent a nmssago machine which will render tho (services of an assistant unneeonsary (says a London paper), Tho apparatus iu described as consisting of a (series of 12 pairs of polished hardwood balls arranged upon a jointed chain, with a handle at each end, It is 82in. long (tho balls covoriiif/ a length of 22in.), and can, accord ing to tho statement of the inventor, bo applied to any part of tho body by oueself. For example), in a en so of lumbago or stiffness of the shoulder muscles, the chain can bo used by the sufferer quito effectu ally and without any uncomfortable straining while it is declared to bo fully equal to digital massage, as it produces even kneading of the muscular part and a gontlo How of heat, which indicates that tho circulation is considerably stimu lated. THE LINCOLNSHIRE GHOST. Bespito all efforts, tho Lincoln shiro ghost mystery ronuiins unravelled. That tho noises nightly heard cannot bo ascribed to mts has been amply demonstrated, and other suggestions when acted upon likewiso fail to elucidate tho matter, 'All over tho country tho affair has excited tho greatest interost, and two London ge'ntlomon havo written asking for permission to stay at night in tho house, Other letters havo boon received from 'clairvoyants,' asking for pieces of tho silk or ono of tho bones discovered under the floor, whilst a London clergyman has written advising Mrs. Wilson to bury tho bones in consecrated ground, 'then,' ho says, 'tho ghostly visitor will trouble you no longor.'' Tho owner of tho house in question —a farmstead at Haltou Holgate, near Spileby — has tried to throw discredit on tho wholo affair, but such efforts have failod, aud it now transpires that tho house was known to bo haunted fully 30 years ago. WHALING DISASTER, The captain of:\tho whaler Navarek and his wife recently arrived at Seattle, Washington, and narrated an extraordinary story of advonturo in tho ice-bound seas, The vessel left San Francisco iu March last, and entered tho Arctic Ocean in July. Tho ship was shortly afterwards caught in tho ico_ when 120 miles north-east of Point Barrow, and on August 14 the crow left the vessel iu small boats. Theeo ako woro caught in tho ice, and. they accordingly left tho boats and tramped back across tho icoto tho ship. Thirty-seven of tho crow, headed by tho captain, started again to walk across tho ice, leaving eight persous aboard the ship, but after ono day tho captain and seven of his companions, ono being his wife, changed their minds and returned to tho vessel. Thoy mado a fresh start, taking with them a canvas boat, and walkod over tho ice, or Bailed in thn boat whoro tho wator was opou, for 00 houra, when thoy reached Copper Island, which who found to bo desolate and uninhabited. Thoy were, howovor, rescued next day by the Government steamer 'Hear. THK rLKHIBlI QUESTION, Tho determination of the Flem ings to obtain the full legal rehabi litation of their language is as strong as over. A Flemish Con gross has boon held at Audenardo, iu tho vast halls of tho Werk manshuis, and in tho midst of a city lavishly decorated In various sections it was resolved that Flemish should bo taught in all educational establishintu s, that all Belgian army officers should be obliged to pass an examination in that language, and that Brussels should be enrolled among tho Flemish communes, A wedding-ring lost three years ago , by a lady residing near Nowcastlo (Bng.%) has just beou discovered embedded iu a potato grown in her garden, 