gUtoB. : European Intelligence. — The latest news from Crete is said to be more re- assuring. This is not very apparent in tbe cablegrams bntit is satisfactory to note that the . Powers are, apparently, more de- tWnihpf rhanVvi-r to hrlnir - ahont" a neaoe- fnl solution if stall possible. The latest etcp taken is to assure the GretanB that they are to have a fall measure of liberty and seenrity, and that the Forte wHUnotr-bp allowed-to, interfere . in the eon- trol4T ieir iuterrril affairs. This ought to satisfy them, and if it does Greece's farther interference will be unwarrantable. The. etep said to bare been taken in Sonth Africa however, is by no means calculated to re store" the entente cordialt which it is so desirable should exist between Great Britain and the Transvaal. It is currently reported, we arc told, hut the report lacks confirmation, that that shrewd old dodcer. President .dtvuger, has brought about a fedeial union between the Transvaal and Orange Free State Republic. As the Suzerain power. Great Britain ..may have something to sty to this, and if' objection is taken there may be a row .compared with which the Jameson Raid will be a very trifling incident. - : " Victorian Parliament. — The next cession of the Victorian Parliament iB to.be opened on Wednesday, the 22nd Jane, when, it having been agreed with the Premier that debateable measures calculated to -en danger the Ministry daring his absence in England, shall be avoided as mnch as wmiMc UViilF nna Brant anil ha oat onart daring the earlier portion of the session for private , members' business. What a splendid opportunity for members of the parish pnmp variety! Never before have they been given snch a chance for airing local requirements, and onr readers may rest assured they, will take, fell advantage of it. In pursnanoe' of ' this agreement, Sir George. Turner wishes them to be prepared to present their little bills', aa owing to the general elections taking place in October it will be impossible to devote- any days in August or September to private members' business. The Federation Bill, as drafted by . the Convention, may then be dealt with, provided, however, the other colonies are also considering the measure, as it is sot desired to follow the same course as was pursued in 1891, when Victoria was tbe only colony that dealt with the Common wealth BilL Death of Mb. John Wallace,-— A painful shock was felt here yesterday when a telegram was received announcing that Mr. John Wallace, of the firm of Gannson and Wallace, barristers and 'solicitors, "had died suddenly on thepreviousday. Although the deceased , gentleman, brother-in-law to the late "Mr. S. . Samuel, bad won many friends .during his -periodical visits to Hamilton,, none of these were aware that be bad been hiling; and as will be teen by bnr'Melboarne telegram his death was awfnlly sadden. It would seem, however, tbat fatty degeneration of tbe beart wse tbe pau se," and that death was hastened by a folloff.a bicycle. ".Before coming to Victoria Mr. Wallace was in good practice at Port Adelaide and on his joining that very able legal practitioner, Mr. David Gannson; the firm quickly won an excellent reputation, one partner" being a brilliant pleader, the other .rexcelhng in what is known "as '(chamber practice." The . deceased gentleman .married Miss JBaragwanath, sister of Mrs: S. Samuel, and an accom plished vocalist whose services in "the Christ -Chnrch choir here will be affection ately remembered by all the eenior mem- Ders snereoi. ar, vr ounce reavee two cnu- dren, a boy and "a girl, and'for them as also for the two ladies, "his bereavedwidow and her siBter, the most sincere sympathy has been expressed. Bank Changes. — The many frieuds pfMr. A A.-D. Djke, who for a year or two past his bete "manager of the National Bank here, will .be glad tx) learn that hia valoable eeyvicea to that inetitntion have been recognised. By : the Diractore. At the same time they will regret that this recogni tion once more necessitates hie departure from Hamilton. Mr. Dyke has received the appointment of - manager of the National Bank at Geelong and will leave for that town on Monday, accompanied with hearty good wiebea for his future welfare. We believe that' outside of Melbourne the Geelong branch is the beat in Victoria, and it must therefore be a eource of gratification to Mr. Dyke that hie ability as a manager is so "fully recognised at head quarters. It may be added that the increased business at Geelong is mainly due to another old resi dent ofthe Western Distriot, Mr. Canning- bam, formerly stationed at Coleraine, who, <oa already reported, iB to be - transferred to the London branch :uf .the bank. .The promotion Mr;- Dyke has received is bat -the bttingxeward of -long, skilful -end , faithfhl service coupled with a derire to, aa far as cooBistent with duty, forward the interests of those having busmess with this well- known institution. Mr- Dyke, when we first hai the pleasure , of : mak ing bis acquaintance, in or about' the eightiee, : " was acconbtant at th'e Hamilton branch. ' Thence be was appointed manager ' at Macarthnr, Pens- hunt Smeabm, Colac and Beadigo succes sively, and more recently has, as stated, managed .-at. Hamilton where his . .dntiee, consequent ' upon re construction: .. and troublous times, have required consum mate tact and ability to per- form. Wis < «uh;>. him. .sul -'his tnuiv friends will join us in wishing. him, good luck wherever he goes. Hie successor here tavaot vet been appointed, but Mr. W. H. Lock hart, the gemsd accountant,: isto be acting manager at any rate jantil the half- yearly balance has been struck.- : Feed01 '"Tinrai welti'-if nstractions bave beenferwBed. .te thelpsseeof the: ailayefregbincsit roooM atBaUarat to . TfoifiEBee'pl'tiie, rooms AtMurraybridBe "be worth rising -wby " all sstmanate.5NU,v ?54iHkMlttoN WhSEB6!nppLT;-Li eon- jfen,in tank. The scheme was adopted by the Conficillors , present almost nnanimonsly and. teill in'ho way interfere with tbe pnr- cbase of any additional watershed , area to- warda Mt. Baimbridge later on if desired. Not Necessarily , Dead Heads. — In order tint the': Victorian delegates may beptopetiYrecogmsed At the meeting of the Federal Convention on Monday, Mri Pea cock, the Chief Secretary, is having a cer tificate printed on parchment with nil their names thereon. This certificate will be pre sented to the Convention by Sir George in itnv that he and his collesenes are really the ten -selected by Victoria to as- siet io framing a conBtitntion. In the event of there being any suspicion aa to the'id en tity of Mr. Peacock he is to give one of those laughs with which he frightened Ml the cab- horses within a radius of a hundred yards, when recently visiting Hamilton. Record Breaking.— Another, at tempt iB being made by Mr. and Mrs. Nicolls, of Hamilton, to break the cycling record between Adelaide and Melbourne. We are not admirers of these attempts to cover long distances in en extraordinarily fast time ; but as Mr. and Mrs. Nicolls have started, we trust they will be successful, both being favourites here, and deservedly so.:"'" If they do, however, it oil be a reailv wonderful performance for, as will be seen I— .i— ..1. u.. h.d Ujr LUG upuuucu KHCgtaiu MISJ anything but favourable weather." They do not propose coming through Hamilton but will strike across from Cavendish to Dno- keld, thence through Streatham and on to the metropelia, and by bo doing it is cal culated they will reduce the distance to 525 (or 515 ?) miles. It may be added that Mrs. Nicolls is riding a new Beeston-Humber furnished witb all the more recent im provements nnd on the success of the trip the popularity of that class of machine will, to a great extent, depend. Last evening we" received a tele gram from our Apsley correapondentannouh- cing that the pur of clever cyclists bad just left there at half-past seven o'clock. Shortly after we received the following telegram from Edenhope — " Mr. and Mrs. Nicolls reached here at 8.45 en route for Melbourne. They left Adelaide on Wed nesday morning, and had rain to Welling ton. Thence the fates were still more nnpropltious, for in addition to rain they had to face bead winds whilst travelling alone tn Kinostoo and Narracoorte. After leaving Penola they enjoyed (?) a walk of twenty miles throueh heavy sand, bat both are well, and hope to reach Melbourne in fonr days from start to finish." Trip to "Wabbnambool. — The num ber of people who availed themselves of the inducement offered by tbe Railway Depart ment in tbe shape of reduced fares, to take . a trip to Warrnambool before the closing of ho Exhibition, was far below expectation. The excursionists proceeded by the ordinary train, leaving Hamilton at 6.50 a.m. yester day, and provision had been' made by the local stationmaBter, Mr. Taylor, for 300 passengers. It was soon apparent, however, that that number wonld not be reached, and one of the carriages had to be detached from the train, when even the remaining carriages were not-hearty Filed. It is an ill wind, however, that blows nobody good, and the lack uf passengers made it all the more com fortable for tboae who went. When the train left tbe station it was ascertained that, the tickets sold were 78 for adolt. and 91 for children, making a total of 1C9. The unfavourable state of tbe weather lately may bave bad a deterrent influence, but the general opinion waa that the fare for adults — 6s 2d — was too high. This price certainly ' included two visits to tbe Exhibition, bnt we think that the Depart- ment acted injudiciously by adding these visits on to the fare." ' Had the latter been fixed at la, or even- 4a 6d, a far larger number would have availed themselves of the concession, and this would of course have meant a considerable increase in the noniDer or enuoreu, cue .cuarge ror wuom — _ la 6d— was extremely reasonable. As it was understood that no children under ten years would be taken unless they were io charge of an adult, those little onesjwhose parents could nut afford to pay 6a 2d bad to stay at home. In regard to tbe weather tbe excursionists could not have had a more pleasant day, and they in con sequence enjoyed tbeir outing very much. Everything went off satisfactorily and no mishaps occurred, with the exception of the wheels of A fiist-clsss carriage getting red hot necessitating the transference of tbe oc cupants to another carriage, which caused a few minutes delay. At 6.45 p.m. the train returned to Hamilton, the people, especially the little ones, being pretty' well tired out. Hamilton Race Meeting. — If ex pectations are realised, and we are told they have foundation in statements made by many owners of horses, the Hamilton Races to be held oc "the 7th and 8th April will be the most successful - ever held on onr time-honoured coarse. In the mean time we wonld call attention to the fact that nominations for all events, excepting the Maiden Plate, Trial fiord lea, and Trial Stakes, will close at half- past eight o'clock next Thnrsday night,: and the weights will -Appear on the 1st April. Thanks to the inter cession of Mr. Thomson, M.P.; excursion fares will be granted at all stations on Western District lines to Hamilton on tbe 6th, 7th and 8th April, available for return Until the 10th of that month. Trains re- tnrning from Hamilton will be delayed on the second day as under, viz.:— That of "Coleraine Until 5.30 p.m.; Portland, 5.20 p.m.; Warrnambool, 7 p.m.- The - catering privileges' will- be submitted to public auction on Saturday -next, and it has been decided to hold a ball in the Town Hall on the evening of the first race day. Disappointments. — When a tele gram was received announcing that the Warrnambool cricketers wonld be unable to pay Hamilton their proposed visit on Thnrsday, some ; of the bowlers were not sorry. No cricket match meant that fonr or five of the; best bowlers wonld be at liberty to take part in the match with tbe Stawnll players. But on' Thnrsday morn- . ing another telegram was received. This wsb lrom Stawell, intimating that as several of their men did not arrive in time to catch tbe train those who had risen early enough— the train leaves Stawell at 6 a.m, — did not like to visit Hamilton short- handed. Thus two matches which were expected to furnish much enjoyment were indefinitelypostponed. Rifle Competition. — A triangular match has been arranged between teams of five men each, of tbe Fenshnist, Port fairy and Hamilton Rifle. Clubs, to take place at the Pierrepoiut butts on Thursday afternoon, the 25th March. The ranges are to be 200, 500 "and 600 yards, seven shots and one eighter at each range ;' V-R.A. " rules. The Hamilton club will he represented by : — W. J. WOaon, F. C. Hughes; W. Callander, A. XL Baahnm and Wm. Mason, with F. L Hopkins and T. D. .Darragh as emergencies. - Peusuarst and .Hamilton have on sevaral 1 occasions met in friendly rivalry, but Port Fairy is for. the firyt time trying its strength with tbe lotel team, : and from what we can learn the latter will have a warm time of it. LunteebnilteUi he ' provided on the ground- THEAiNiACoNFERBNCBASSeihliles in' "Castiemaine oh Monday iicsci. f'The general' tusiijess '-to ' be"''totesteiedlrhAS'£re- ferehce chiefly to "the 'proposed amenrtthenti ofihe laTO "by tiiev" Nativpi' Pafltetofefifc'' The report of the Board discloses the rapid progress, of the Association. During the yter finteiew members werp made, aud thp fends were increased by hterly' £10,-000-. Messrs. A" J.' R. Thtlbck and F. Hiagelthorn representtiffifikn&lbuh; Branch. ; feg, With rrferencejto hbat.well known/anil bare a little mettfeigtell&israriihpmpK; ,:took:a yon being in that railway accident'" 1 .Oh, yes, but I got off .with a scratch or 1 two -nothing serious, yon know," replied I the hero of a hundred contests. " Well, f I congratulate you," rejoined the affable I stranger, " for I am the official Bent up to I settle claims. I can see that you reqnin I nothing." Mr. Greenwood's face was s I picture."'. It is nnderstood, however, that he I received a small cheque to remember hia I friend with. " And strike me pink," Ujd I Mr. Greenwood, subsequently with an in- I juredair to a friend, "HI wasn't going poultice the Department for a couple of I nunurea, West Australian Delegates I They went abont the West Australian dec. I tion of delegates to tbe Federal Convention I in a far more economical way than in the I other colonies. Instead of the whole colony I being thrown into confusion and excite. I ment, tbe ten delegates were elected by Parliament and all was over in a couple of I boars. The ten elected were Sir John I Forrest, 45 votes ; Sir J. G. Lee-Steere, 43 | votes ; G. Leake, 40 votes ; F. If. Piesse, 38 votes ; J. W. Hackett, 37 votes ; W. t. Loton, 33 votes ; W. H. James, 32 votes - I A. Y. Haesell, 27 votes ; R. F. Shell, 24 votes ; J. Howard Taylor, 17 votes. Pm- bably bad this course been puraued in Vic- I toria the result would hare been very little fl different from what it has been, and a very I large sum 01 money wonld have been saved. Bnt the voioe of the people mtut be heard and they dearly love to have a e«y in ail such matters. H Band of Hope. — The quarterly en- I tertainmeut in connection with the Hamil- I ton Band of Hope will be held on Monday evening, when as usual an excellent pro- gramme will be gone through by the I members, including ring exercises and other novelties. Canon Tncker is also I announced to deliver an address. B Honor to Whom Honor is Due i Ab one of the judges of piping and dancing I at the St. Patrick's Day sports, our worthy neighbour, Mr. John M'Master, wae inad- I vertently given as "M'lntyre." Mr. I M'Master twenty years ago was very diffi. cult to beat on the boards himself, and hp H can Btill give a etep or two that wonld make many youuger men take a back seat, I and his father waa in his day Drill Ser- fl geant in the 42nd Highlanders, the famous H Black " Watch. In our - report, we slso H omiusea wj msoutm ar. mk, huu was one H of the hardest workers on the ground. B The Late Baron Mueller.— After a good deal of dilly-dallying, the Cabinet have at last decided to grant the sum 0! £600 to the executors of the late Baron Von B Mueller, to be devoted to the purpose of de- I fraying the debts of the deceased gentle- B man and also to provide for the immediate B needs of a relative who was depmdent on fl him. The amount granted is equivalent to fl -what the Baron would have been entitled to B had he retired as a Civil Servant shortly B before his death. It is also the intention <if B the Government to give a further sum of fl money towards erecting a national monn- B ment in memory of the deceased botanist, fl who, during his lifetime, did so much for the B cause of science, aud also for the people of fl Victoria by his untiring energy and love for H his work. fl A False Alarm. — As in Hamilton, Casterton, Penshurst and in feet every. H where else that the Hibernians held sporti H on St Patrick's Day, there were 'no dis- turbances whatever as the procession marched through Melbourne on that dev. Why shonld there have been ? True them were some high jinks played at Brunswick fl when tbe Orangemen celebrated tbe battle fl of the Boyne, bnt between that and fl celebrating the natal day of Ireland's fl patron saint there is a marked difference, fl The battle of the Boyne resulted in the defeat of an army chiefly composed of H Roman Catholics by another in which H nearly all were Protestants. Therefore the fl yearly rejoicings over tms lace are natnr- H ally, calcnlated, to raiBe angry feelings is the breasts of tbe descendants of tbe de- feated. Bnt St. Patrick was a man deserving the honour of all classes, and tbe deputations fl who recently waited upon the Chief Secret- ary to ask bim to prevent any proces- fl sionising were as the resalt proved, falsely H alarmed, and their giving snch prominence H to the procession was more calcnlated to H aronse angry feelings than to pacify them. H Be this as it may, there were no disturb- H ances on tbe 17 th March, and we trust H that the same irreproachable conduct will H be observed shonld tbe Orangemen desire to walk in procession or hold sports on the H anniversary of the battle. These old time fl grievances shonld not be allowed . to inter- fl fere with the friendly intercourse thai fl should exist, and we believe does exist, be- H tween Australians from year's end to year's fl end. fl A Big , Financial Success.— In the course of his opening remarks at tbe H M.U. Oddfellows' .Convention at" Portland H on Tne&day;, .the -Grand Master, said that H daring tbe year. the. receipts had totalled H £96,552 Os sd, and the .expenditure £S6.74S H lbs za. leaving a oreait oaianoe 01 1 10,000 h 4s 6a. Aleo tbat tbe gross total valnsof H Lodge, funds on the 1st January, 1897, waa £386,216 16s 46, and the gross valne of the several funds connected with the Order, £407,027 12e 6d. How to deal with this fl immense sum.- had occupied his attention H daring the year, " in these times of difficulty fl to find sound and profitable in vestments, " H bnt the permission given by law to Friendly Societies to invest their, fends in Credit Foncier Bonds wonld be very heartily wel- corned, and he would very mnch like to fl obtain the farther power to Friendly Societies to make investments in the de- brntnres of the Metropolitan Board of WorkB so as to enable them ultimately to refrain from all investments on mortgage in the future. H Death of Glenavon. — Few present at the Hamilton Races in 1894 will forget H the style in whicii Glenavon won .the Cup, H when he led from . start to finish, ana fl travelled the mile ted a-half inthe record fl time of 2 via- 39 sec. with 8st 71h np. I They will, therefore, rret to. leam tb>t fl this flyer a few days ago"" met bis. death j? H coming into contact with a ' barbed wire fence! Glenavon, the property of Mr. C1 fl Sheridan, was by His Lprdship— iinknown. fl . a Dead Man -Wished to Vote.— Why will a man persist in being alive when tbe law says hs as dead? The Ballarxt fl Courier is -reejxrasible for tbe Et&temeat; fl that at the eltetion" on the . 4th of March an fl elector who appeared to record hie vote was fl told heconld not do so, 'because be was fl dead.". Natnrully the- elector was highly fl indignant at bmhg refusSl ' a ballot pap® and vainly asserted be was " all olive fl and very near " kicking."'' t Bnt the retnm- fl ing officer conid not depart from then- fl corded fact. John Brown, or whatever his fl name may have been, was " dead," end, eo fl far,' the figtnohiss has hot .been extended to fl ghosts; hut even to 'tetking ghosts, fl This man, we are further tola, fl neither by miscondnct nor by tem0Jr H fromthe colony rendered hitpself Ineliguje fl to" vote, the" record of death, apparently fl being dae to a madden flight pf fancy on tw fl part "of some very carelesrelectorsl regts- fl trar. For this tedcial no jsxenea can « fl made. He may have been told that the fl man was dead, hat merely.bearsay ewdsnw fl did not "jastify him in politically tilling fl thfitiman,fornsoar contemporary pntit fl " ItUB very difficult tor a grown man to fl ihYictoria without doctor, nndertaksr. re fl 'tistrar' of deaths, and," possibly, , fl and polios knowing of his. death, and te fl time ' lot ito occnrrnce. Every death m» fl I furnished to lie fl regjsfatekre so ffanrongh as to Bet the ina" fl tity ofdeceastelbejnd reasonable fl error qn ,the. part , of some offioial to , fl Rvixigrte.hheftii off the electow fl tfaat ifi u dead eg; fl Tahi Wainacy .common eensa snggg; fl for removff fl pamrelffielectors' rolls, there <ri fl gEtipmtonmbafion between fl tffieu5d?tegistBr. ithe deaths of fl jdeptonethelofihiialBrriiohave to foruj fl !&&&&$&«& 'M- A ' The smmm I itevenidielSintB' Xr, I I praimtegtelBjrfPortisind tottodg fl I Company, invited them to inspect t£e works as also to take wine ffjth him at the Gordon, promis ing them also a chilling reception at the Freezing Works. The Observer merely save the Mayoral remarks were received with cheers, and omits to state whether the in vitation to be chilled and to warm inside of their regalias with wine were accepted. The appointment of assistant secretary caused considerable diEcnssion, Deputy Millar moving that the appointment be an honorary one, bnt eventually by 41 to 15 an amendment was carried, and Bro. C. S. gill elected as assistant. The Grand blaster then delivered his address, daring which be, in welcoming the brethren to the pretty little town of Portland, said "it was of great historic interest to all, as the place of first settlement in the colony of Victoria by those grand old pioneers, the Henty family, whose names will go down to posterity as the founders of the great pastoral and agricultural industries of to-day." Needless to add, this well-deserved compliment was received with applanee. He went on to say that the number of members of the Order had increased from 20,031 on the let of Jannary, 1896, to 22,392 on the 1st of January this year, hut that 256 had been removed by death, and there had been 1,574 accessions, leaving a grand total on the 31st December, 1896, of 20,562, or a nett increase for the year of 531. _ We hear that the Hon. Duncan Gillies is to be asked to stand for Rodney at the next election. A grand display of fireworks is to be given in Adelaide next Monday night, in hononr of the Federal Convention delegates, who will be present. Fitzsiiumons is not to be allowed to rest on his championship ' laurels. Charles Mitchell has challenged him, but Charles Mitchell is given to challenging. In our report of the St. Patrick's Day hall the name of Mr. Wyatt was given as one of the gentlemen who supplied the music, whereas it should have been Mr. Smythe. Charles Hall has been committed for trial for the alleged murder of his wife at Eagle- hawk. It was at first supposed she com mitted suicide by drowning herself in a tnb of water. Louis Lefebre, the well- known wine mer chant, of Melbourne, has been committed for trial on a charge of uttering a forged promissory note for £28 6s 6d. Defence reserved- Severe gales are the order of the day throughout Tasmania, and great damage has been done to buildings and crops, and in several places the orchards have been vir tually ruined. It is notified in our advertising columns that prizes in connection with the St. Pat rick's Day Sports at Hamilton may be ob tained at Messrs. O'Beirne and Kennedy "s office, Gray-street. The Bar beat the Army at cricket on the M.C.C. ground on Thursday, scoring S6 to 85\. The teams were respectively captaiued by Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C. and Major- Gencral Sir Holled Smilb. In recognition of the brilliant batting of Prince Banjiteinbji in the test match be tween England and the Australians at OldTrafford, the j-ancasbire Cricket Club has contributed £100 to tbe Indian Famine Fund. Mrs. Freeman Thomas' necklet, valued at £250, which mysteriously disappeared, has been found under the grating of the basin in the cabin occupied by Mrs. Thomas when a passenger in the s.s. Manapouri from New- Zealand. We would remind our readers that the anniversary of the Wesleyau Church will be celebrated to- morrow, when special sermons will be preached morning and evening by the talented preacher audlecturcr. Professor Gosman. The labours of the Wesleyau Methodist Conference were brought to a close on Thursday. One of the final acts of the con-, ference was to pass a resolution in favour of allowing voting by post at Parliamentary elections. Dr. Maodonald, Moderator of the General Assembly, will preach in the Presbyterian Church, Hamilton, tomorrow morning and evening. In the evening the subject of bis discourse will be " The New Hebrides and mission work." The late Mr. John Thomson loft- the whole of his Keilainbete estate to be devoted to charitable purposes. - It is being sub-divided iuto moderately -sized dairy farms, wliich will be offered at public auction during the Spring. Splendid prices should be realised, the soil being so marvellously A remarkable bowling if eat' iiagjjB&formcd; at Manly, N.S.W., on SatuijKtyi in the match Manly B v. the Bank Of New South Wales. F. Walsh, playing for Manly, with . his first three deliveries aid the hat trick, which was repeated with, the first three of his last over, and inthesanreoverhe secured his ninth wicket at a cost of three runs. The Central Board of Health recommend that a medical officer should be appointed at the Heads at a salary of £600, in order that he may devote the whole of his time to the Government service. The Cabinet will sanc tion only £500 with private practice allowed. By all means give . turn £600 and secure his' undivided attention.' 