CRUMBS, Farmers should rejoice. Population of Australasia, 4,362,758. The Parliament will meet again on Oct. 5, Tom Price has a horror of divorce made easy. "Let him that is without sin cast the first stone." Sir Henry Avers' will sworn under £226,000. Labour Party still angry, and are putting up the gloves. The late Lrurie was an artist, and ord Inve stood 6 ft. 2in. One thousand guineas paid for the ram Vice-President. If you've nothing else to do, discover a puncture-proof tire. What! Copley the demure guilty of irreverence. Shocking! When is Roberts an Independent and when a Labour representative? Expelled Lyrup villagers demanding com- pensation from the State. An Irish paper declared that Charley had "a high old time of it in Ireland." The Police Department cost us last year £74,291, as against £75,634 for the previous year. Uncle Harry asks the " Sunbeams" to send a weekly box of flowers to the Broken Hill Hospital. C. C. K. told the Irish people that South Australia was not yet tired of his Ministry, He had evidently lost his trumpeter. Copley—We know that the Minister of Education is made of an india rubber material, Cookburn—Very valuable just now. Premier Forrest favours the construction of a railway line from Port Augusta to Fre- mantle, but not on the land-grant principle. "I have a high opinion of the merits of tobacco as a sedative (and more) when used moderately and wisely." — Dr. Andrew Wilson. The man in the street may well be excused if he is not quite sure of the actual position of affairs on the eve of the second gathering of the Convention. The coat of the trip of Larry O'Loughlin and party—five in all—to the village settle- ments totalled only £20 5s. 10d. How disgusted Ebby would have been. In Melbourne a man sentenced to six months' imprisonment for having falsely represented himself as a mining expert and thereby obtained money. "In no country in the world" says Grainger did the clock and the sun agree more than two days in the year." Who'd have thought it? Why, they're as bad as man and wife. The law said this wheel must be adorned with a bell, But the society chappy didn't heed it, For the suit he was weaving he knew very well Was so loud he never would need it. There has been so much confusion amongst politicians themselves that the general public can hardly be expected to have appreciated the real issues involved in the federation con- troversy. The resolution of the Council of the British Medical Association, that tho name of Dr. Leith Napier be struck off tho list, was con firmed by 74 votes to 4, and that of Dr. Ramsay Smith with 3 dissentients. Tho skipper of a Norwegian ship in Mel bourne told that ho could liavo his vessel back on the payment of a fine of £200 and the con fiscation of poods valued at £100. He won't smuggle any more, one would think. A rapid increase from 624 cases to 1,035 in the annual record of larceny in the short space of four years, indicates nn apparont moral re trogression which naturally ought to lead to searching investigation. When a Parliametary Committee enquired into lottery shops seventy years ago, it was decided that the foundation of the system was radically vicious. A suddon change was made, and the abuse was greatly diminished. Mrs. Annio Besant's latest work, entitled "Four Great Religions," was published last month, and the author has done her best to show that Hinduism, Zoroastrianism, Budd hism. and Christianity are connected one with tho other, and that tlioy are a part of tho great system of spiritual ovolution. "Stole any chickens this week, Brudder .Tones?" asked tho searching class- leader of a weak-kneed brother. " No, ear, t'anlc do Lord," was tho reply. " You'a done well," said tho leader and passed on. Brudder Jones turned to his class-mate and whispered, " Lucky he said chickens. If he'd said ducks he'd a had rac sliuah." A rather curious incident in tho Queen's nrivato life may ho mentioned. A perfect stranger to her—a Mr. Nealo—died in 1852 and loft her a legacy of £209,000. Her Majesty, on hearing of it, at once declared that if he had any relatives she would nob acoept the money; but it appeared that he had none, so she divided it. Tt is difficult to see tho exact oourso of future fictional writing. At present it is a species of crane, and every idle woman, and often enough many a busy one who is negloot ing her proper duties, seizes upon pen and paper, and scribbles pages and chapters of inanities.—Librarian. Tho Psalmist says "All men aro liars." Tho Psalmist was a man, thcreforo tho Psalmist was a liar. Honce it follows that tho statement he made was a lie. and that, there fore, all men tell the truth. If, however, all men tell the truth, then tho Psalmist being a man, told tho truth, hence all men aro liars as he stated. On a shooting expedition a Queenslandor thoughtlessly allowed his hlaukboy to follow him with a loaded gun in his hands. The aboriginal was such a faithful servant that tho idea of possible treachery never entered bis master's head. But that niastor had a narrow escape, for after emerging from a thick pieoe of scrub tho blackfcllow implored him to tako the weapon, because ho would uot be able to resist the temptation to kill. The dirgo which Anne Boleyn wrote on her self after her condemnation— Defiled is my name, full sore, Through cruel spile and false report, That T may say for evermore, Farewell to joy, adieu comfort. For wrongfully ye judge of me, Unto my fame a mortal wound. Say wliai ye list, it may not he. Ye seek for that shall not be found. Oh, Death! rock me asleep, Bring on my ijuiet rest. Let pass my very cuilless ghost Out of my careful hrca.nl. 