FACTS AND SCRAPS. In Hiamburg the authorities tax a dog according to its size. Queen Natalie, of Servia, has published a book of original proverbs. The waters of North America are stocked with 1800 different varieties of fish. There are II,000,000 Jews in the world' of whom nearly one-half are in Russia. A newly-discovered spot on the sun, which is visible just now, is said to be 80,000 miles in diameter. Yorkshire is the county in England which has the greatest railway mileage. The next is Lancashire. A storekeeper in Bath, Mc., says that rats never gnaw hemlock. He keeps all his grain in hemlock chests. The freeholds of two hotels in Piccadilly (London) were put up for auction and realised £127,000. The screw of an Atlantic liner revolves something like 860,000 times between Liver pool and New York. In every mile of railway there are seven feet four inches not covered by the rails, the space left for expansion. A grave-digger who has died at Gillingham held that position for thirty-seven years, and had buried 12,000 persons. Last year the United States exported 12,000,000dol worth cf hams--130,000,00Clbs -of which England bought 103,00,0001lbs. The Vatican at Rome is the largest 'illce that has ever been erected. In length it is 1200ft and in breadth 100Oft. It contains 4422 rooms. John Ilatchett, of Brown County, Ind., found a 100dol pot of gold coin while plough ing. It is supposed that his father, who was rich buried it. According to the latest returns, there were 140.000 more females than males in Scotland, although the birth-rate showed a preponder ance of males. The smallest tree in Great Britain is the dwarf willow which grows on the summit of Ben Lomond. When mature itis only about two inches high. Dr Peter's explorations in Blabylonia have led to the discovery of Nippur, the oldest city in the world, and written records dating back 6000 years. Farmers of Northampton, Co., Vancouver, have received more money for the 100,000 barrels of potatoes shipped this year than for the 281,060 shipped last year. While excavating in Baker-street, London, wooden pipes made by boring the trunks of trees and used for conveyuing water a century ago, were unearthed in excellent preserva tion. Von Humboldf, the great sccientist, when on a visit to Dutch Haaber, near Bristol Bay, predictcd that the mother vein of gold wvould show itself in Alaska in a parallel line Recent discoveries indicate that this prophecy has been fulfilled. A British pill vendor has been fined £50 for having " England expects every man to do his duty and use - 's pills" painted on the hull of Nelson's Foudroyant, east ashore at Birkeulnhead. The line went to the show. iMan who bad bought the old ship. The authorities of Milan have decided to stop street sprinkling on very warm days on the ground that the process only aggravates the situation, as moist heat is much more dlisagreeable than dry heat. it is also argued that the sprinkling favors the growth at injurious bacteria. While leveling the floor of a farmhonse near Spilsby, human remains were un earthed, together with a gold ring and pieces of old black silk: This discovery, so it is said, was preceded by loud knockings and the appearance of a ghost. " The bones are thought to have been buried a hundred years. Floating islands are not so rare as may be generally supposed.. It is largely a matter of locality, and the one sighted three times in 1892 in the North Atlantic Ocean was not only an unusual occuisence, but also of peculiar scientific interest. On the three instances the island was seen it was moving towards the Azores at the rate of about a mile en hour. Its extent was abont 8OOft each wa'j, and it contained much forest 4'rowtb, many of t1h tmess beinc 80ft high. 