THE MINUET. TRANSLATED FROM THE FRENCH OF GUY DE MAUPASSANT. SI can support great misfortunes with equanimity,' said .eon Bridelle, an old bachelor, reputed sceptical. ' When a soldier on the battle-field I stepped over corpses without emotion. The cruelties of nature or of men inspire horror and indignation, but they do not give that contraction of the heart -that shudder which we feel at the sight of certain small but touching incidents. What anguish equals that of a mother when her child is taken from her that of a man when death bereaves him of his mother? Their torment is violent ; it rends and overwhelms, but they re cover from those catastrophes as from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas cer tain meetings, certain things, half-seen but understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painful thoughts, which abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of moral suffer ing- suffering which is complicated, incurable, deeper because of its seeming mildness, more painful because of its impalpability, tenacious in its unreality, leaving in the soul a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of dis enchantment, which we are long in casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things which others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated me like sharp, incurable stings. You will not, perhaps, under stand that I yet remember and suffer from impressions so quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of but one; it is of long ago, but as vivid as if of yesterday. I am now 5o years old ; then I was young and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy of tempera ment, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I had no taste for noisy bar rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about S o'clock in the morning. in the nursery garden of the Luxem bourg. Oh, that garden ' It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceas ingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of shrubs as exactly ranged as a band of collegians out for a walk, lines of magnificent roses or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this delighted grove was inhabited by bees. Their straw houses, skilfully arranged on planks, opened to the sun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths one met their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful spot and its long tranquil walks. I went there almost every morning and read, seated on a bench. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to the sounds around me, and enjoy the infinite repose of that garden of a by- gone day. Very soon I perceived that I was not its only early frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a strange, little old man. He wore shoes with silver buck les, a long snuff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable grey hat, wide-brimmed and furry, that made one think of the deluge. He was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions. His keen eyes were con stantly agitated by a convulsive move ment of the eyelids, and he always carried a superb gold- headed cane The old fellow astonished me at first, then I began to grow greatly interested in him. I looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest he should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a series of singular movements. First a few light bounds, then a low bow. Next, he cut with his frail legs quite a sprightly caper, and then he began to turn briskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll way, and smiling as if to an audience. Then he curved his arms, assuming graceful postures, twisting his slight puppet's body, and saluting space with innumerable gestures at once affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. I stood looking at him, so surprised at his curious actions, that I began to doubt the man's sanity. But suddenly, he stopped ; advanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed and retreated with smiles and comedy kisses, that he threw, with his trembling hand, to two rows of trees before him, then withthe utmost gravity, hecontinued his promenade. From thlat day I observed him attentively, and each day he re commenced his strange performance. I experienced a great desire to speak to him, and, after having bowed, I risked saying : ' We are having an exceptionally fine day.' He returned my salutation. 'Yes, sir; the weather is quite what we used to hIave.' A week later we were friends, and I knew his history. He had been dancing master at the Opera in the time of Louis XV.; his beautiful cane was a present from the Count de Clermont; and when we spokeof dancing, he grew enthusiastic to suLh an extent that he talked without ceasing. One day he :onfided to me. 'I married La Castris, sir. I will present you to her, if you wish, but she only comes here later in the day. This garden, you see, is our pleasure and our life. Itis all that is lelt us of the past. It seems to us that we could not live if we had it no longer. It is so old, so unique in its beauty, is it not ? The air that I breathe here seems as invigorating as it was when I was young. My wife and I pass all our afternoons inthis spot, but I come in the early morning also it is so lovely then.' We separated, but that same after noon I returned to the Liixembourg, and soon perceived my friend cere moniously giving his arm to a little woman, very old and all in black. With courtly formality he presented me to her. She was indeed La Castris, that famous danseusa who had won adulation and love from king and princess, who had been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant century which seems to have left in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leaves, bathing us in warmth and light There was no one near in the garden. From afar came the sound of passing vehicles. . 'Tell me, will you not,' said I to the old man, ' what was the minuet ?' He started from his seat. 'The minuet, sir, it was the queen of dances, and the dance of queens ; but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone; the minuet has gone with them.' Then he commenced, in pompous style, a long, dithyrambic eulogy, of which I understood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the move ments and attitudes of the dance. He tried, but became confused in his de scription. Exasperated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly he turned towards his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on the bench. 'Elsie, if you wish, it would be very good of you, we will show this gentle man what it was. Will you ?' She glanced anxiously around, then rose, anid without a word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I shall never for get. They advanced and receded with childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along like to old dolls set in motion by rusty machinery, somewhat out of order, but constructed of yore by a skilful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely moved, all my being over whelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an apparition--mourn ful, yet ludicrous-the old-fashioned ghost of a dead century. I wanted to laugh, yet was ready to cry. All at once they stopped. They had finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in the most extraordinary way; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never saw themn again. When I returned to Paris, two years after, the nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other days, with its winding paths, its close clipped hedges, and its odour of the past ? Do they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles ? Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet-two comical ghosts -among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moonlight ? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never closes. I cannot tell why. Undoubtedly, you find me absurd. 