THE QUEEN'S DIAMOND JUBILEE. SERVICE FOR SUNDAY, JUNE 20. The form of thanksgiving and prayer authorized by the Anglican Bishop of Ade laide for Sunday, June 20, is practically indentical with that to be adonted at similar services in England. The ' Te Deum is set to music composed by the late Prince Consort, »nd the anthem will be that prepared for jubilee services in Westminster ten years ago. The first hymn, 'To Thee, our God, we fly,' is iu 'Hymns, Ancient and Modern,'' but 'Cksd of Nations,' by G. Childs Clarke, has been composed for the occasion. One of the principal prayers is aa follows : — 'Almighty God, who rulest over all the kingdoms of the world, and disposest of them according to Thy good pleasure, we yield Thee unfeigned thanks, for that Thou wast pleased, as on this day, to place Thy servant, our Sovereign Lady, Queen Victoria, upon the throne of this realm. Let Thy wisdom be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her ; let; justice, truth, and holiness, let peace and love, and all those virtues that adorn the Christian profession flourish in her days; direct all her counsels and endeavours to Thy glory and the welfare of her people; and give us grace to obey her cheerfully and willingly for conscience sake ; that neither our sinful passions, nor our private interests, may disappoint her cares for the public good ; let her always possess the hearts of her people, that they may never be wanting in honour to her person, and dutiful submission to her authority ; let her reign be long and prospe rous, and crown her with immortality in the life to come ; through Jesus Chri3t our Lord. Amen.' The following prayers and thanksgivings are also in the form : — ' Almighty God, we humbly offer unto Thy Divine Majesty our prayers and hearty thanks givings for our gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, unto whom Thou hast accomplished full sixty years of Sovereignty. We praise Thee that through Thy grace she hath kept the charge Thou gavest her in the day when Thou didst set the Crown upon her head, bidding her 'to do justice, stay the growth of iniquity, and protect the Holy Church of God ; to help 'and defend widows and orphans ; to restore the things gone to decay, maintain the things that are restored, punish and reform what is amiss, and confirm what is in- erood order; to keep the Royal Law and Lively Oracles of God.' We bless Thee that Thou hist heard, through sorrow and through joy, our prayer that she should alway possea3 the hearts of Her people. And we humbiy pray Thee that for the years to come she may' rejoice in Thy strength, and at the resurrection of the just enter into Thine im mortal kingdom, through Jesus Christ our Lord.' Amen. 'O Lord our God, Who upholdest and governest all thing3 in heaven and earth, receive our humble prayers with our hearty thanksgivings for our Sovereign Lady Victoria, as on this day set over us by Thy jrrace and providence to bs our Queen ; and so together with her bless Albert Edward Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family, that they all. ever trusting in Thy goodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned with Thy grace and endless favour, may continue before Thee in health, peace, joy, and honour, and live long and happy lives upon earth, and after death may obtain ever lasting life and plory in the kingdom of heaven; by the merits and mediation of Christ Jesus our Saviour, Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen.:' Then will follow the anthem and concluding prayers, with the processional hymn. In consequence of the limited accommoda tion admission to the service in St. Peter's Cathedral will only be permitted by ticket, and the tickets have already been exhausted. In a new issue of the Prayer Book for Messrs. Clowes at the Oxford University Press, with a portrait of the Queen, that firm publish the ' ' Form of Prayer to be used on Sunday, 20th June, 1897.' The office is to be the same as that for ordinary Sundays, ex cept where otherwise appointed. The sentence is the same as in tho old form: — 'I exhort that first of all suppli cations,' &c.; Tho special Psalms are sx., ci., exxi., two of the old office, and the latter new. The old lessons are appointed, Joshua i. to verse 10, and Romans xiii. to verse 11 ; but there are alternative ones. Pro verbs viii. to verse 17, and Revelations xxi. xxii., 4, which probably will be U3ed at Even song. The suffrages after the Creed are as in the old office. The collect for the day, to be used in the Communion service instead of the ordinary one, and that for the Queen is as follows: — 'O God, which providest for Thy people by Thy power and rulest them in love, grant unto Thy servant our Queen the spirit of wisdom and government, that, being de voted unto Theo with all her heart, she may so wisely govern this kingdom that in her time the Church may be in safety and ' Christian devotion may continue in peace, that so, preserving in good works unto the end, she may by Thy guidance come to thine everlasting kingdom through Jesus Christ, Thy Son, our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee, ever one God, world without end. Amen.' Instead of the prayers for the Queen and Royal Family, the collects out of the old office, 'OLord our God,' and 'Almighty God who rulest,' are to be said, asalso 'The Prayer for L'nity.' Tbe Eoistle and Gospel are as in the old office, 1 St. Peter ii., 11, and St. Matthew xxii. 16. There ia one other new collect to follow the general thanksgiving, in which occurs tho follow ing: — 'We thank Thee for progress made in knowledge of Thy marvellous works, for increase of comfort given to human life, for kindlier feelings between rich and poor, and for wonderful preaching of the Gospel to many nations.'' 