THE 'SENSATIONS OF, DROWNING,. "Drowning is a pleasant death"' is' a remark constantly made by those who never gulped down salt water into the. delicate tissues of their lungs. As a lad I was bathing in rough wea ther on the beach of a watering-place in Northern France. Swept out to sea, - I struggled. sank ,beeame insensible. and .was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant Frenchman-who wrote. his name that day in my mother's New' Testament as a memorial of the rescue. This was all. The circumstances were ordinary.: A_ thousand such mina- ccur every: year.' "Psychologically, however,:: there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact that I remem ber all that happened during a period of time- Which ilay have been four or five minutes .but' which appeared to be as - many hours. - Almost- immediately I entered the water, the much-resonuding roar of: the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowfullfull of foreboding and ter ror. Ashamed of this fancy. I instinc tively but foolishly fought my way sea wards, and was promptly out of my, , depth: not becanuse I intended to run any risk, for Icould not swim, but be cause the strong current had scooped out a hollowv in the sandy bottom, which had six feet of water on tile top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when the water closed over my head for the first--time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point of tihe strug gle. Cruel and omnipotent force, with out warning or reason. surrounded me. and my frantic and determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to cease holding my brenth. and to inhale once mnore. I felt instinctive ly, as I writhed in the cold, black water. that if once I succnubtied to the tempta tiont to expel my blreath. which almost burst tile ribs in tmy angry- efforts to retain -it, the end would come: that I should be compelled to breathe inwsards while co-ered with the plressing salt. water. At this time I llmtst have given . way. and the dreaded streamt of air bubbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had - wa:thed the drowning oLfa cat on the clear water of - a running stream. ThU animial was - tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle cur rent, turned over. and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of - the cat. There was no fear; the actual circumstances filled ity. attention, and the piteous longing to escape, and the inability of my efforts suddenly became unbordinated to the feeling of intoler able pain.. Eyes. chest, limbs, were all otie solid pain. Just then TItonched the,. sandy bottom with my fingers and kice,. and hastily snatched a handful, of sand and water to thrust in my, mouth to end this struggle for air. Alt: I wanted was to end the pain. Nc . thought of death, except as an inte-. resting and immnaterial factor in - the situation came over me. It is true that. I remembered thfit I should he missed when dinner time caine. and I was found missing; and thinking of the home people. I thought of a blue tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bedroom. which I ha:d intended to put on. Then. suddenly. I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of.re Laxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one ill which one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach, whither my rescuer had borne me. M[y first thought was one of Infinite and unreaseoning shame: but the nausea caused by swallowing so much: salt water quickly brought me back to earth" again. 