THE JULLET-EOLE. ^^^^^L . 'was employed in the . ||||I|||§P War Office, I had a ! j|f§|P§i§P^ companion who work P^S^kSJE- ed in the sajne room gf^Bjiw^/ with ine, called Jean H-' vflggpi Widal, an old non dKi &2§iliiiSft commissioned officer, S^iKl iii liMPi wno **& lost bis left ^i&? ^i ^ \MW arm in the Italian campaign, b u t i . who had still hie right hand — the 'cunning hand' of a quartermas ter — with which he executed all sorts of wonders in the caligraphic line — round hand, flourishes. Gothic letters; gn3 he could draw a little bird in the final flourish of the signature with a single stroke of his pen. As I lived in the suburbs towards the south ' of ?Paris at that time, I often walked home with Pere \'idal, and I used to take pleasure in getting him to give me an account of his campaigns, as we ?walked past the Military School, meeting at every step — it was in the latter years of the Empire-^-the jjandsome uniforms of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, the lancers in white, the artil lery officers in their magnificent sombre uniforms —black and gold. ' It was worth while to get killed in such a costume as that! One evening as we went along that' horrid Boule vard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before the ?trindow of a second- hand clothes-shop — there are a good many in that quarter. It was a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons, and j tarnished epaulettes in the window; and hanging before the door, among dirty rags, there was here end there some old officer's coat, rotted by/ the rain and fretted by the sun, with a sort of vague human resemblance in its tight waist and broad ! Ehoulders. Vidal 'seized my arm with his one j hand, and pointed with his stump to one of these j cast-off garments — it was the tunic of an African - officer, with its many-plaited skirt, and its triple j gold band twisted into a figure of eight on the sleeve, as the hussars wear it. 'Look here,' said he; 'this is the uniform of my old corps — a cap tain's tunic-.' As he went nearer to examine it more closely, and read the number engraved on the ttrattons, he added, enthusiastically: 'My own regiment! The first Zouaves! . . . How could it have come there? It is a long way from the battlefield of Jlelegnano to the Boulevard de Grenelle. Yes, I know there are the vultures who follow the army and plunder the corpses. But why just there, not two steps from the Military School, where the other's regiment is quartered? And he must have passed here; he must have recognised it. Oh, it Is like seeing a ghost!' 'Come, now, Pere Vidal,' said I, taking him by Ihe arm, intensely interested; 'you are not going on talking riddles; you may just as well tell me What that old torn tunic has reminded you of.' But I verily believe that if he had not drunk those two absinthes I should never have heard the story; for when I asked him to tell me Pere Vidal shot a suspicious and almost frightened glance at me. Then, suddenly, as if he had made up his mind to speak, he began, in a dry, hard voice — 'Well, then, yes, I will tell you all about it; for you are a clever young man, and honorable, and I can trust yoiL_ You will tell me- honestly, on your conscience — whether you thin?: I was right to act as I did. Let me see, where Lliall I begin? Ah, in the first place, I cannot tell y ~m his name — the other's, I mean — because he is -till alive. I shall have to call him by the nickr.-iine we gave him in the regiment. 'Thirsty' v- ? called him, and he deserved the name, too, for he was one of those fellows who are never out cf the canteen, and would toss off his twelve glas^s-s of brandy, one for each stroke, when the clock struck 12. When I joined the regiment Thirsty had just fin ished his time; he re-enlisted, received his bounty, end went in for a three-daye' regular carouse in the lowest parts of Algiers. 'With four or five boon companions like himself they drove about, all packed in an open carriage, and flourishing a tri-colored flag with the motto, 'This can't last for ever!' on it. He was brought back to the barrack with his head cut open by a sword wound that he had got in a Moorish den, where he had a fight with the Arabs. Thirsty got well; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripes taken from him. , 'Well, he lost his stripes after thwt affair with the Arabs, but he got them back again eighteen months later — at the same^time that I myself rose to be sergeant-quartermaster — thanks to the kind ness of the captain, who had always great patience with Thirsty. He was an old African soldier him eelf, and had seen him under fire at Kabylie. But just at that time our old captain was promoted andi left the regiment, and they sent 'us out a young fellow, only 28, to take his place. He was a Cor sican, named Gentile; a cold, ambitious mai, just out of the school — a very good officer, they said, bat fearfully hard on the men. He would give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your gaiters. He) had never served in Algeria, and had no notion of any insubordination or disorder. From the first moment he and Thirsty were- at daggers 'drawn. That they were sure to be. . The first time' the eergeant was absent from roll-call he. put him un der arrest for a week; the first time he got drunk, for a fortnight. 'When the captain— a little, dark man, as stiff as a poker, with bristling moustaches —ordered him under arrest, adding, in a stern tone, 1 bn6w;'y,ou, my friend, and I mean to master you!' Thirsty never answered a word, but Walked quietly away toward the guard-room. Still, I fancy the captain would have lowered his tone a bit, all the same, if he had seen how_£he sergeant'si face reddened with anger, and how his terrible blue eyes flashed as ho turned away. 'Meanwhile, the Emperor declared war on Aus tria, and we were all shipped off to Italy. I passi over the incidents of the campaign, and come to thfe point at once. The evening before the battle of Melegnano — where I lost my arm, you know — our battalion was encamped in a small village, and before we broke ranks our captain made us a little ipaech — he was quite right, was the captain — re- minding us that we were in a friendly country, and fat for- the honor of the army we should be on tar good behavior; and he added that anyone , who taused the slightest annoyance to any of the in- j liabitants would be punished most severely. While { he was making this speech, Thirsty, who was Standing near me, leaning unsteadily on hisbayb- | fcet — he had emptied a good many glasses since i the morning — shrugged his shoulders, but fortu- i lately the captain did not notice him.. I 'In the middle of the night I was wakened up j suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw I had! - been sleeping on in a corner of a farmyard, and by | the light of the moon I saw Thirsty with a young i girl in his arms, all torn and dishevelled, and call ing on the'Madonna and all the saints in Heaven 'to save her. He was struggling furiously, like a i Bon, with a lot of peasants and soldiers who were i trying- to rescue her from him. I ran up to help, but Captain Gentile got there before me. With one glance — he had a very commanding glance, had the little Corsican — he drove back the sergeant, cowed. Then, when he had spoken a few reassur ing words to the girl in Italian, he came back and stood before the culprit, and shaking hie finger before the other's face: 'They ought to blow out the brains of wretches like you,' said he. 'As soon as I can see the colonel you shall have your stripes taken from you; and it will be for good this time. There jwill be a battle to-morrow; you had better try and get killed!' 'We went back to bed again. But the captain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by a cannonade. We flew to arms and formed a column, Thirsty taking his place next to' me. I thought I had never seen his fierce blue eyes look more terrible. The battalion began its march. We'were to dislodge the white coats, who had taken up their position in the village of Meleg nano, which they had fortified with cannon. For ward, march! ~ We hadn't goce two miles when, bang! the Austrian cannon burst upon us, and kEocked down fifteen of our men. After that, the' officers, who had been waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the maize fields like the sharpshooters. They remained standing them selves, of course, and I can tell you our captain stood up as straight as any of them. . We men, kneeling among the cornstalks, kept up- an' inces sant fire on the Austrian battery, which was within range. Suddenly I felt someone nudge my elbow. I turned round, and saw Thirsty loading- his rifle, and -looking at nie with a sort of aare-devil smile lurking in the corners of his mouth. '?Tou.see the captain?* said he, jerking Mb head towards that officer, who -.was standing at a distance of about twenty ieet from us. ' 'Yes; what of.it?' I answered; looking, to the eame direction. .,'.' - . - ? ' 'What of it? He ought not to have spoken- to me as he did last night.' T 'T?hen, with a rapid, weU-calculated movement, lie levelled his piece and fired* ' I saw the captain, with a sudden, convulsive spasm, throw back his fcead arid beat? the; air witt ^3ia»as; iitea arop his sword andifall heavily backward to the ground.' — Frfancbis Coppeei 