i the noble five. , iaLE OF THE BKIHSH COLUMBIA. gold mines. Br Books Pococx, I i,tbor of 'Tales of Wee tern lite;' 'The Arctic Nieht 1 The Blackguard ' The Dragoon Slayer,' fee. I yye We» standing under one of the three big pises on the Point, and my partner, Blind Tom, took off his goggles with » despairing gesture. 'I can t see notmu oeyona tnem ret trees,' ho said miserably, but I can \- fear he coming.' , , x looked away down sooth along the I fake-side, where sore enough a black I ipsck had joat jumped ont from behind | a keadiaod — the little weekly steamer which brought as the only news we ever got from the world. Then I tamed my I hee towards the camp. I Scattering np under the woods, and jolf n towards our Point were the twenty I log-cabins of Ainsworth, the BhadowB I lying in dense bine pools onder their | eaves their shingle roofs like horning I sold in the sunlight The scent of the pig hong heavy as incense, and the je reached away some fifty miles to I north and sontb, all hyacinth bine save where the son bad changed it to the I sontbward into a field of fire. Above | the camp and across the lake the mann- taioa went op steep toward the snow, hot tbey seemed like the Alps of Drenm- I land in that unearthly silence. It I seemed brntish of me to break the peace; I bat, blasphemy or not, I roueed the camp. ' Steamboat 1' I yelled with my I hands to my mouth — Steamboat F I (N.B. — This in a very pretty bit of description, not mine however. It was I filled la afterwards by a lady, and many of my best bits struck ont as 'non- sense.') I All the boys began to saunter lazily down bom their afternoon sleep, pro- I spectors like Blind Tom and myself, in ragged overalls, slaoch hats, and long I boots— a mnddy-lookiag crowd. A lady I or two strolled ont from the farthest I shinty ; bat these were not greeted by I the women who were earning their living in the hotels and stores, and when tbey reached the Point they stood rather apart among the men. I The gambler came down in broadcloth I ssd jewellery, the store-clerk in his shirt I sleeves and imitation diamonds, the I sssayer hot from his furnace work, a I nondescript stranger or so looking I bored to death, and onr Kootenay I policeman. Then the little steamer stopped puff- I ingas she glided gently in to the landing, I while we ashore Began to size up her passengers. 'Look there,' I said ; 'see that old bnffer in a silk hat f 'No,' Tom growled; 'but there's petticoats by the engine room.' ' He's standing beside her. Old, with a boge red nose, lean as a rail, tall as a pole, chewing his cigar; a Southern Colonel by the looks of him. Tom, that msn represents capital, or I'm a tender foot.' 'Capital I' Tom snorted contemptuous ly. Bring him to me and Til sell him one of my wild-cats.' Tom's wild-cat mining drums — loclnd- ing that worst of all the Noble Five — were the acorn and deridon of Kootenay, so I grinned. The Colonel was helping the yoong lady ashore, a fresh-coloured, well-built, well-dressed, capable-looking girl, ex tremely pretty besides, with a decidedly stand-off manner toward her escort. Tom suggested that be Was herfather; bnt I knew better, by the way he bowed and grimaced like a stage cavalier, spit ting tobscco-juice over his Bhoulder at Intervale. 'By his manner of spitting,' said Tom, ' that's the Colonel — the same as was here three months ago trying to get me to sell the Noble Five. He's come Ho try again.' Now the Noble Five mining-claim, which belonged exclusively to Tom, was the standing mystery of the camp. Everybody knew it was no good— Tom said as much himself — and yet for three yean he had never failed to pnt in Us asonal assessments, which means that he worked enough on theckim to secure bis legal right of holding it from the government. Moreover, it was known that this Colonel had for some unearthly reason been trying his faazd- . est to bay the property sta fancy price, whereas Tom, fearfully hard pressed for money, declined to sell. Why the Colonel should want to buy, and why Blind Tom should be so determined to hold an utterly worthless property was a iMng past finding ont. Meanwhile (ha Colonel had been totting the young lady's luggage ashore ; ud I strolled down, wondering why she should look bo perplexed, so frightened, as lor the first thue her eyes wandered among us from face to face. Certainly wa were a rough-looking crowd, and the. girl waa apparently ' very green, with something suggestive of an English conntry-mda iu her dress and bearing. Asking my hat, I naked if I could be of any service. . 'No, no,' she eaid, drawing back a little, 'I think not, thank yon.' Then! kit tike a' fool for meddling ; but rim looked me all over doubtfol bebauseof my clothes, which felt unspeakably vile under her glance, tbfenBtiny fade, which seamed to win her confidence.. 'Forgive me,' I said, trying to with draw, lest I should prove bjot a fresh ronoyancs. ' \ Oh stay,' She cried, for the Colonel was coming hack.' ' Please can yon tell me if Mr. Swaineon lives here f I'm afraid I don't know tile name.' She turned to the Colonel, as though thoroughly frightened. 1 Please pnt my boxes back on the boat ; I'm going— I can't stay hers !' ' My dear young lady (spit), seaou if you'iL-take the advice of one (spit) who who has ploughed the tortuous waters of (spit) human wayfaring, in an irre claimable waste of variegated abomina tions (spit)' — - 'let me help,' inaid, laying hold of one of her trunks. At that Bhe begged me to desist. ' PI) stay here.' She laid one band on my arm, sending a Utile thrill through all my veins, for it waa years since I bad felt the touch of a lady's hand. 'I can't go in the steamer — I' I thought I had grasped her reasoo, and for decency's sake I could not hold back from helping her. So I took out what money I had left after a three days' epree. ' Now,' X said, 'yon really most let me lend you this, and -Pll give you my address, so that yon won't feel under an obligation.' I saw the tears filling her eyes, the qneer little frown, the torn of the Upe winch means a storm. Of coarse I looked steadily away down the lake. ' All aboard F shouted the skipper, for the hawsers were being cast off— ' All aboard for the Bluebell /' One or two men jamped over the after-rail. ' I think,' I said, slowly, for I was horribly puzzled, you'd better— be quick.' I had meant to.say 'stay here.' ' Til stay.' She looked at me critic ally, though there was a big tear on her cheek. ' I'll stay ; because I trust yon.' ' Ton can trust every one of us, no matter what we may look like.' Sol want on explaining until we wets all nice woolly lambs, Instead of black sheep and dingy. After all, a decent woman pots every man in camp on his honour, and the average prospector would rather meet a roaring lion than a lady, not knowing the natural history of such an outlandish species. 'Is the old gentleman a friend of yours F I asked. She looked aversion towards that ancient Colonel, who was talking .the storekeeper blind. ' ' He was very kind,' she answered. 'I never met him before ; we were just fellbw-passengers, and be offered to make inquiries here.' ' For Mr. Swaiuson F Yes.' I did not press the matter. ' Please,' she looked at me wistfully, tell me your name. I want to know in case I need a friend.' ' I'm Jack Robinson.' That was my name then. Mr. BobioBou '—she looked at me quits frankly—' what ought I to do F ' I think yon should Jet the Colonel be your escort, rather than any younger man. He'll take you np to the hotel ; bnt, if yon don't mind, I'll say a few words to the landlady.' Not abont ' Oh no ; only she has a little house of her own away from all the noise. She'll take yon there.' Then she said something very compli mentary, which there is no need to repeat. II. Before sapper-time I had introduced Miss Rose lanes to the landlady at our decent hotel, and arranged that die should be properly cared for a way from the noise of the crowd. Afterwards I strolled into the bar-room, where toe Colonel had been holding forth on mines and mineral. 'Sir,' said the Colonel amiably, 'air you disposed to smile F I was disposed, eo we took whisky. 'Sir,' continued' the Colonel, wiping his month afterwards with a red hand kerchief, ' will yew do me the honour to select F He held me his cigar-case, from which I selected, then after the usual salute held a match for him, bit off the end of mine, and lighted up. f Sir," the Colonel resumed, ' you air a benighted Britisher F I bowed. Let as stroll down to the Point.' We strolled dawn to the Point, where the moonlight was raining down through the big fir- trees. 'Sir,' he said, planted himself on a root, While I took thegrbund beside him, 'I have ventured into the British possess one to take the air, and anything dm which I can lay hands on. Much as I prefer the atmosphere of freedom, I have pitched my tent in these barbarous wilds without committing myself to,any approval1 of . monarchical government. You take my position?' JLdo.' \- 'Then kindly refrain -from interrupt ing. These gold and silver deeetricte of British Colombia air an Amurrican enterprise, redeemed by the cspltaland the labour -of an enlightened andfar- soeing people. Waiving all our naturel antipathy to foreign and obsolete insti- tootions, mitigating the wore of mode with nor natirmal '.beverages and oiir national paegars, we have come upon a mission <of civilisation, to root around foir the almighty dollar; : vv ' . ..... Su; yfa air right. Bat for ns the untutored buffalo-would otill bo ranging upon to ws'-he looked ap attbe moon- these altitndes whisky is both prevalent and effective.' He paused. ' You, sir,' he said with tremendous impreasiveness, 'represent a syndicate of London capitalists.' ' Indeed !' I suspected it from the moment I landed here. Your clathee are, if I may so, too ragged for a genuine prospector. The eagle eye which only betrays my nationality revealed yon to me at once. By inquiring I have ascertained that you talk very freely abont mihesand minerals, that yon speak as though yon didn't know free gold from iron pyrites. Hie boys bete think yon're a fool, but I know a smart man when I see him, with an Unerring perspicacity I retgnise the secret agent of British capital, the min ing reprStontative' on the lookout for bargains. Don't bluBh ; your, modesty does you credit, and the disguise which conceals your real character from the ignorant wins you the cordial approba tion of the wise. Sir, you air toe smart est man iu Kootenay.' 'Thanks. I don't represent five cents.' He puffed at his cigar, lighted another, and threw the Btump away. 'Sir, I wish to lay before yon a little proposition, which I need hardly say demands extreme secrecy, which I also opine Is calculated to rake in the "dnBt." ' ' Is it honest F 1 Honesty, Sir, belonge rather to the relative than to the absolute. This is a perfectly legitimate deal.' ' I sae. Is it honest F It is ss I tell yon ' — the.Colonel was getting hotter — 'legitimate mining busi ness involving yonr assistance, which is worth, let ns say, five thousand dollars, and my intelligence, which is worth twenty-Are thousand. However, in de ference to one who Is about to become my partner in the building up of the most gigantic combination of modern times, we'll divvy np.' ' Is it honest F ' When I was down to Nelson to-day,' said the Colonel blandly, ' I ' met the champion Canadian bug-hunter, Professor Lamb. He says that this country teems with unnamed aperies. I told him be ought to prospect around Bawston, where I was raised ; bat now I calculate that this locality fills the prescription first- rate'—— ' Boston V said I. 'Sir, this planet rotates ro and Bawston. Bawston is the North Pole of civilisation, yon bet your life.' ' What,' said I, ' has it actually been discovered 1 I think I've heard of toe place. Isn't it BOmewhere down near Toronto F _ That finished htm. ' And now, Colonel,' said I, ' have yon finished gaming F Sir.' 'To speak yonr own language, Colonel, are yon through F ' Sir, sines yon have made yourself intelligible, I air.' ' You've been trying, Colonel, to boy my partner's old claim, the Noble Five.' That is so.' ' He won't sell, so yon come to me thinking that yon can bribe me with five thousand dollars to work Blind Tom.' ' Yonr expression, sir, is erode, yonr tone offensive, your proposal avaricious.' I stood up. ' My proposal, Colonel, is to have yon run ont of this camp if you try on any of your ' puffeckly legiti mate' monkey business with my friend's property. If he won't sell, yon can't nny, ana you can c nrioe me to neip yon. Now, he may have done his assessments or he may not, but if I catch yon trying to jnmp his claim, you'll find yourself in toe lake. Moreover, the lake, Colonel, is voet ; yon understand T So I left him, and strolling np to toe saloon found my partner, to whom I told what had happened. Very little fun could Tom see in my adventure, bat then poor Old Tom was alwava s verse to a joke. 'This thing's a'erious/ said he, ' mighty seriouB. The rooster represents capita! — we're both atony broke, and Fm going to Bell him wild-cats, so don't yon insult him more'n ia needful. I've arranged to take him around to some claims to-morrow.' 1 Who does he represent F That new smelter atMacdonald City they nay Snrteesthe manager's buying np interests everywhere. This man is his jackal . Go ahead,' said L gd luck to you. But you: take care or hell be strolling np the hill to jomp toe Noble Fire.' . ' He can't touch it. I've done a good year's work on that claim ; Fve proved my property in toe Noble Five. He doesn't stand the ghost of a show.' I tell you, Tom, he'lletesl that claim, fairs von -mil f.fin ' mnnnv vnn can raise to prove your right.' ' If he pnUe up my stakes,' said Tom, 'if he so moch as lays his finger on my boundaries; law or no law, right or no right, justice or no justice, FU kill him.' m. I had come down from the Little Joket Claina, 'leaving' Blind Tom at bur. cabli), because the assessments for the year were finished, and I wanted to let off steam; but somehow While Miss Innes was at Warm SpringsCampIloatall interest in whisky. People only get drank for lack of better amusement; besides, this ao it Of toin|; la bad form nowadays, and resented , by tieerat women. The mere meeting with a well- bred girl reminded me of matters which do not bridng .to 'A tninipg hamp, so I used to sit nnder the trees on the-Point, thinking of deys long past, of school, Oxford, home— especially of home. 1 even wrote a letter, a thing I had not done before since I became Jack Robin son, vice somebody else deceased. When the reply came, and was stack np in the post-office window to be claimed, its address made me feel rather awkward. I claimed it to re-address icr a friend, sending off the envelope goodness knowB where, with a piece of blank paper inside. After that I swore off writing letters. Well, to get back to my story. Font weeks I spent at Ainsworth doing no thing much, to toe wonder of all toe boys in camp. I most eay I bebaved beantifolly, spent nearly all I possessed in a suit of slops at the store, invested my last four dollars infoe cheapest of bacon and floor, got down my spare tent from the mountain, pitched it in toe Point, and lived so decorously that the folks who dwelt in the upper shanty cot me dead. Miss Lines would come down to sketch on the Point, mainly I think be cause the Colonel was too attentive, and she naturally wanted to get away from him. A nuisance over fifty years of age is beyond endurance ; but yet she seemed to take toe liveliest interest in Ids movements, and was sure to know every day what cliums be had gone to visit in the camp. She used to draw me out, to make me talk about myself abont toe crowd, or any topic except her own street reticent self. If toe cared to tall me why she was in Kootenay, or what toe wanted with the mysterious Mr. Swainson, toe would do so without the help of leading questions, bnt at the end of a week I bad found out as much of her private affairs as she wished me to know — which waa exactly nothing. For all practical purposes it was enongh to me that she sat caricaturing foe mountains day after dsy,3vith the sun touching gold In her brown hair and the lake castings deeper bine into her sweet bine eyes. Once when I asked if she had heard of Mr. Swainson yet, she eaid toe could not think who I was talkiog of — ' Mr. Swainson P 1 Yea, the man yon came here to find.' Oh F said Miss Innes, ' sorely it's dinner-time I' Sometimes she let me take her op through toe camp on horseback, when toe would express the liveliest interest in any claims which the Colonel had told her abont, thongh toe yawned lamentably over the rest. She asked imbecile young lady questions, only to startle me at intervals with some accid ental word each as prospectors would know. ' So this is the " foot wall " and this is the " hanging wall"! How interestiog ! And is that what you call "country rock " between tbem F' No, Miss Innes; that's four feet of good sulphurets.' ' Oh, I see. Then, wby do they still mess about on the " cap"F 'Because they don t know what's good for foem.' 'They should prospect from nnder that bluff,' said Miss Innes indignantly. 'Wby, with fifty feet of tunnelling, they'd have a saleable proposition F I'm afraid that I stared hard. How did this yonng woman, fresh from Eng land, learn toe slang of prospecting i But this was more than slang, it was real practical knowledge of mining, a suggestion that I had made to the owners myself some months ago. However, this mystery was hers and no business of mine. Moreover, toe was blnshing hotly at having so for forgotten her role of novice. ' ' I began to talk of the weather while I helped ber Into the Bsddle. Then we rode .on. 'Mr. Robinson,' toe eaid, no longer trying to hide her einbarrassemsnt, ' I forgot myself. IPs no use trying to pretend soy more. Tve been a good deal among these silver camps ; but you wont betray me, will yon F ' I am your servant, Miss Lines, in everything ; but you must take great care or yon will betray yourself to the whole camp.' After toe once admitted her know ledge tif mining, we talked together like two prospectors of true fissure veins, of contacts, leads; and rock, of tunnel, shaft, and winze; for on-all these things her information was almost uncanny.'- I have known a great many women, wild loved tbem too ; but' Mire Innes— of course I do not give bsr real name — wastha only girl I e ver met who could be a chum and a jolly good fellow. She 1 was not the less womanly, never let' a 'chap forget to respect her ; buloncs away from Ainsworth, there waa not the slightest trace aooat ner ox tne tem- initie nonsense which men ere supposed to like-' ; Sbe had made me promise tost day' to take her the Little Joker claim iu which Blind Tom and I were -partners.. Wonderful atories Tom could tell '-if he chose" lie brinfe1 toe' pioneer bf Warm Springe camp; indeed, I had bet her a pair pf-gloveB to nothing that she would foil 'even to open hts mouth. The 7 tale of 'toe Noble 'Five was'a mystery.'; Tom slone cohld foil it ; hiit though all of us wanted to know what really happened, H teas an- underktobd tiiiUg thBt'toe man - who' uestion'ffiyjpMr Utile ntufoction tor lis pains.-' ' : Yoa let me try,Veaid Mlss Lraea. j Spatnobu vraiiuBaddledatthelattle . Joker,- tod . tehOe'Tbm teafofiT' tod- toaogsd "« toe. oabin, 1 drafriblfiia ' Sana all there was to be ween iucut and tunnel. Then L cooked the dinbes white - toe sat jwdsiigfojffie : too toy as yet even to speak, pretended no end of bnsinea on the claim. I had never noticed before how- dirty everything was, the log walla bung with cooking-pots and clothes, the bank littered with grimy blankets, toe sheet- iron stove ail rust and grease iin its box of gravel. She seemed to like the place, especially the tablea and foe three-legged stools, rough-hewn with an .axe, foe gold-pane which we used fori, baking bread, toe litter of rock, pipecancUeB, books/heaped up iu the window-ledge. ' It looks so real,' toe said, every thing for good bard use nothing for show. And yet, Fm sore this' log-cabin Is prettier than half onr pernickety houses. Look at the sun outride there ou those pines; and toe big deep shadows in the tunnel. There's Blind Tom messing abont picking up bita.of native silver for me. What a huge man he is I Do yon think te'U tell me the atory after din ner F I doubt it.' I poured off the water in which I had been parboiling the bacon, set the pirn on the stove; then looked abont. It. had seemed common-place enough, this log-hut lit toe woods) the propesct-hole in foe mountatn-side hard by ; but now that I looked with her eyes, from her point of view, foe place was translated into a mislaid corner of paradise. ' It's you,' I said ; '.you've changed prospecting Into poetry, and silver- mining into romance. Yon're chang ing Blind Tom and me Into knights- errant. Beware, Miss Innes, or yoo'll find your-self eet on a throne as Queen of Beauty.' This by the way was not quite what I said, but whst'l thought of afterwards when it was too lata Then Tom came in very awkward, and we eat down to dinner. Somehow with feminine witchery she thawed him out, made him at ease in five minutes, got him to talk of foe claim, of other pro- pect holes, of the ramp in general, aod at last of the new discoveries of foe past few monfoB, toe great camps on Trial Creek, Slocan, and Kaslo, where in those days could scarcely boast a tent where there are cities now. It seems very curious looking back ovsr five y ears at' Blind Tom feeling with a fork in his short-righted way for scraps of bacon which he mistook for beans, at Miss Innes chattering away perfectly contented with onr tin plates Bnd rough camp-fare, then at myself just in the set of realizing that I was once more hope lessly in love. But in tboae days Kootenay was a new country which had only begun to dream of Its great destiny as one of foe richest mining-fields in foe world ; aod we, two proepectois who could not get credit for a sack of flour, were entertain ing an augel unawares. We are now in lands, in big mines, in shares fetching thirty per cent, dividends, but we were happier then. IV. Tom was filling his pipe when I came back after dinner, for I had been away to water foe homes. One glance at Miss Innes showed me that she had -taken all possible advantage of my absence. Tom in hie own good time would tell the story of foe Noble Five. ' ' Come,' said I, ' let's sit down under foe stoop, here where it's ehady.' So l placed a large box against foe front wall for our guest, took a stomp for myself, and. watched Tom settle him self on the doorstep. ' I donno,' be eaid, that I'd onght to tell you horrors.' That from Tom wss foe refusal provocative; but perhaps we both wanted to hear Miss lones plead with ail a woman's burning curiosity. Well,' Tom began to get under way with alow deliberation, 'there was five of ua - prospecting along this countiy : Arfcanaaw George, Bill Qriddlcks, as had a gammy ley, Mick, who was Fenian Info, Bloody Ike — if you'll excuse his Dame, being a lady — and me, Blind Tom, what -was said to bono good except for cooking. ' That was fores years ago come April, which was -early, considering ns we'd have no track with feuy ground down here oh foe low slope ; and we was pro specting around the fianks of foe snow, feeling mighty despondent. Bloody Ike made out we'd onght to prospect along by the lake; because we'd get easier travelling, while Bill Qaiddicks and me', was content to do just what Arkanssw thought good and right, he being the best man of foe -crowd. The result was argument; in which two or three of ns got black eyes, and after that we began tofeel better. Mick went prospecting foe enow-fields on his own account,, but wnat ne xouna rn&s; suns was a oacuy brokeo leg all to himself. 'The rest of us ranged around pro- miscuons-llke, and ' everywhere we Saw float '; but it seemed that nothing would suit us. We'd found 'oha of the biggest silver camps on earth; and cursed our luck because it wasn't grid. All these chums, foe "Skyline, foe Kreo, Number Ope, foe Tour Gallaghers, foe Spokane,' Trinket, and -most of the Sunlight Brit, including toe Neosho, were; our dis- cqveiies, but we turned up our xpyal noses and didn't trice foe trouble to stake (hear out because foe price of silver was beginning to falL We wanted jgpld. ifod aH toat time, while we was himaibnfoi&g; arbpnd the mountain, ! with nothing to sat but an occarional Aeer, there' that Irishman in camp dying l£r infoes bf gangrfoe 'canto his leg was smashed. He called as all foo names becoald lay- his tongue:- to, -did Mick, aud-as to ne— wby, we nursed -him all we knew, Arkansaw Bill was away sooth to get . him medicine, which he couldn't bay this ride of the United States boundary, and when be was com ing back he got himself drowned trying to swim toe Kootenay. So there wee- Ike, and BUI Qaiddicks, and me nursing toe Irishman, too heartsick to prcepect except for meat, aod toe Irishman call- log us all sorts of foofe for our.pains,, . '-At last, when he'd got so low fie could scarcely speak, he cells as around him. " Bcgorra," says he, " you ain't no proBpectors. Here you've been ' four weeks afoolio' roood among blind leads where yon didn't find 'nothin', every mother's son of ye, when the pore red gould is right np yon hill where Fd told yon. Look a here," says he, and -he picks bnt a hit of rock which was .hid away nnder his blanket ; 1 here's what I found, rooting ronnd In the aebes of the fire. Phwat div.ye call that, eh F ' We licked at it, each of ne, with onr tongoee, we peered at it through the glare; wc took the feel with onr knives, then passed it on to foe next msn, hoping as how he'd take foe responsibility of Bpesking. ' " Div ye call yereel ves prospectors F' says Mick. ' "Never any more, so help me Boh;" , says Ike. - i "Never no more," says Bill Quid- , dicke, as had the gammy leg. ' " Never no more," says J- 1 " Then I puts toe name to ii;" says Mick. " I puts toe name to It— and calls it chloride, which toe same was t smelted accidental in yon camp-fire, and . came oot native gold." j '"Why didn't jou let on beforeF1 , says Ike. ""Cause," says Mick, "you've been despisin' me all along for seeking the ' high ground in the snow. This 'ere float came a rolling down last week — down off the hillside wid a rubble of stuff as thawed off from under some cHft," says he : " this' claim up the hill is what Fve found, and what I names - toe Noble Five proapeck, after four fools , aod one man as ia dying afore sundown. " And now," eaye he, very low, " will yez do as I tells ye now I'm leader av this outfit F' ' " We will," says Ike, but Bill Qaid dicks and me we both swore to it. " Tbso," BayB toe Irishman, " yell make a coffiu, and ye'U'make a birch canoe ; ye'U take my body to the bead of toe lake, then up to Bonner's Ferry, then overland to Kootenay Station, and then by the Northern Pacific Bail way to Spokane Fails, then ye'JI take my body to my mother as lives in Fourth Avenue. If yez fail in that; my curse.be on yon." ' For an hour he lay still, with as waiting besides him for foe eod ; but when the sun teas red and we thinking, I gneBs about supper, he opens his eyes, and says we'd got to prey for him. I couldn't pray ; Bill Qaiddicks he conld only pray Methodist ; but Bloody Ike, he was a Roman Catholic, eo he preyed in Latin. When that was finished the Irishman was dead, eo Bloody Ike went abont in the dusk making torches. He .planted them torch ea,.ooe at Mick's feet, one at his bead ; he lit foem .from the camp-firs, which was burned down to white a8h,then he told ns to go-away and not chaff while he said some more prayers.' .. Blind Tom rammed his finger into his pipe and put it oot, then,, he looked eway among foe trees while the sun gleamed sideways on his goggles. Mire Innes wiped her eyes with a handker chief. I sat wondering why Tom should tell that yarn which never before would he apeak to me or any mao living. Then Tom went ou without warning : 'We tossed op which two of as should go' with foe body to foe Irishman's mother, and the choice fell npon me to stay behind prospecting for this gold mine which was to be called the Noble Five. We made a coffin, sealed np tight with pitfo ; ws made the birch canoe down there at foe Point where Ainsworth is standing now. Then we pnt the coffin into foe canoe ; and again we tossed op. Heads had it that Ike should go in toe bow, Bill Qaiddicks in the stern. So they .moved ofi) and I stood on the Print watching and watching so long as I conld hear the dip of the paddles. 'You know them flurries of wind as comes down from between the moun tains J Well, perhaps that accounts for what happened. Neither Bloody Ike nor Bill Qaiddicks as had toe gammy leg, noc foe canoe oor the coffin waa ever heard tell of again. Moreover; the Irishman be was dead of gangrene, and Arkansaw Bill ha was drowned trying to bring medicine from the States. It's often seemed to me that the Noble Five claim ain't lncky.' Miss Innes looked round at mm through the tail of her eye. ' So you did find foe ledge F she asked. I found the ledge;' arid Tom, and It ain't no good.' ' Where is it F ?,Up toe hill,' said Tom vaguely. i "Up above the "Skyline," ' arid I, 'right up in toB granite on toe skirts of the snow.' I-dnnno why,' said Tom, 'that I told you that yarn ; perhaps it was yonr coming to 'this camp vith toe Celonel. s he a friend of yours, xna'sm F ' 'No.'. She shivered. I don't know wby iie should want to boy tirat - claim. Tentee I'd been to him in toe ;. hope;of - selling one of my wild-cats, but I aiu't inclined to cell toe Noble Five. However, f ehbwbd him around, and faB took an option — on this bere property, the Little joker, because Jack lime and me ie broke. But hie goings on about toe Noble Five makes me on easy somehow. He atnt going to ' get foat— 'cause of the men what died, which it's thrir monument. Td Hfa right well to take him away Bomswkere atad Jose him.' Mire Lines seemed bristling with un accountable excitement. 'Well/ she cried nervously.' Colonel,' said Tom, 'he's got some sort of puffeckly i'gltimata mining proposition as he cells It, which he wanted to fix up with me. ItrilaUm to go to toe devil — excuse my leogaags; ma'am ; he's tried to buy me, he's tried to bribe my partner, Jack bsre, hot if he gore, any farther, he'll land himself in jaiL' Miss Lures rose, flashed, breathless, staring at Tom with unaccountable ex citement. Don't trust him, she cried ; watch him; he's dangerons. Iknowwhstl'm saying. He's gone to that claim to-day!' Y. A charming girl ie one thing, & footle detective is another ; but Miss Innes seemed to combine toe two vocations. Of her delightfnlnew I had not the slightest donbt ; but if she had, as I suspected now, name to Warm Springs csmp expressly to watch foe Colonel, she was toe most quaintly .amateurish and incompetent epy — too transparently honest for the game. A wily old rogue was toe Colonel, evidently possessed of some knonhdgs which mads it worth bis while to lay hands, by fair means or foal, upon foe apparently worthless claim whito Tom would not sell. Why he wanted each a property was past conjecture ; why Mi« Innes tracked hie every movement wae — well, her own business, and no con cern of mine. On the day following our visit to Tom Bhe wanted my escort to the Noble Five. Half that night I had been awake in my tent planning such a picnic as wonld please her. Grmt, then, waa my wrath when I learned at break-fast rime that the Colonel had hired toe only two horses in camp. To reach the mow-line on foot was too bard a climb even for Miss Innes, and it was only a happy af&erthoogfat; which suggested our visit, well supplied with candles, to toe Queen Victoria Cave. A thousand feet below Tom's cabin I had been prospecting along the hill ride on. the . Queen's Birthday, and quite by accident discovered the entrance to this cavern. Here, nnder toe archway. Miss lones rotted after one long climb, avhiie we had luncheon, and afterwards toe made me light my pipe. Ont of tim twilight behind ns loomed five gaunt columns of stalactite ; before ns, foe low archway of rock was half-choked with bushes, through which there shone a glimpsa of toe sunlit toy. The memory is sacred to me, because it was there that I asked Miss limes if she -cared for me. We spoke not of the present bnt of tire future, when by hard work and hard-won money I might be enabled in m year or two to speak more definitely. I do not care to write fur ther npon tins matter bnt it waa with renewed reverence for her, with some thing perhaps of aelf-respect, that I led her, when we had lighted our candles afterwards, over the rongh ground to wards the interior of toe cavern. The place had always impressed me aa hong beautiful, but now the glittering -writs, the shadowy, ghost-like a see tub! ages of columns seemed part rather of dome un earthly and unreal vision. The floor of white stalagmite was broken in places by little pooh; each like a turquoise eet in fretted ice. We atnmbled upon ex quisite growths like living coral, and all the while below the hollow floor one conld hear tire murmur of a rivulet which was lost near the month of toe cavern in a channel which apparently had no outlet. Tm afraid,' said Miss Innes; ' this is too good to last.' Like a dream of love,' I answered. . /There are the big rocks ahead, barring foe end of it. Nohody'e been beyond that.' 'Those big ugly boulders' — she peered away into the darkness — ' is there - no way past (hem F 'No way.' I was not looking at the barrier, bnt at ber fair face. And even,' I said, 'ft we could get past them, they would mark the end of all that Is beautiful in tola cave.' 'But wby F 'Because,' I said, willing to go on talking that I mlgbt see her face for a while in tbe magical caudle-light, which mads ndelieate pallor seem almost team- nevanh tfliAfea hfff KnnMaw a#n nfjiaanlla ItVouly in toe limestone tbatooe geta aU the lovely iocrestations ; beyond is tbe cold, hard granite nnder Tom's claim,' ' Under the Noble Five F Yes; his "ground" begins on .toe mountain -side just above these boulden, and if toe cave went on it would tap the ledge he discovered to a depth of cue thousand feet' , 'Then this is a natural tunnel to pro spect his mine 1 If he Masts his way in past these boulders until he cote too vein, he can prove exactly how much it's worth— -eh, Jack F It thrilled me to hear her call me Jack for the very first time. Why,' she sid eagerly, going -op to toe boridere, ' they're fawn blastednirey bereattoe top- \ . j - What!' - "Somebody's been faere and ofwoed a \- p«ago" -boo V She u rigbt. Over tbe fallen rock a nj bait been cleared, Urge enough »t bust to wriggle through. : : Wbo on earth ha& been devAqng Tom's daira witbontbh leave ! Wtdmhid, with ureiijaecratchand bruise, over tike ubaUnctinn ; l>WW- we found the cave still leading away into tbe depths of tbe mountain. Ha walk were bare and yet they were not of granite. The stream was visible here erfAKwg along the floor, sometimes spreading acxoee it 'Let « go oc,' said Miss Innes; but I eras bray chipping at tbe waUs,«xanuniog aczapB of rock with curious yellow stuns and streaks of gray. Thin was what the ill-fated Irishman , bond, in the float of the Noble five, which he supposed to be chlorides of gold. ' Why, 'said Mies Innes, 'look here. What's this F Ledge matter,' I answered absently, for I wan busy ; 4 we're in a mineral ledge, softer than the country granite, channelled oat by this water.' '-Look f she cried hysterically, thrust ing a piece of rock before my face- It waa gray qoartz, speckled with native gold. To think that, eave Tom's monument to the dead, »b<« upper granite country bad never borne tbe marks of a pro spector's pith ! Warm Springe war a silver .camp, bat here in granite, supposed to be absolotely barren, we had found tbe richest mineral ever seen in all Kootenay —a discovery which could hardly be matched in British Colombia. Bat were we the discoverers 1 'Let as go on,' said Miss Innes, burn ing with impatience. So on we went ; it seemed for a very great distance indeed, at least to the limit of Tom's claim, which extended fifteen hundred feet from the limestone granite contact And there we came to a still more tremendous discovery — a larger trans verse passage lined with yellow chlorides of native gold. We bad only been fol lowing a feeder — a blanch ; ' this was tbe main lead 1 We turned to the left, under a low arch, and beyond the farther end waa a candle burning. So, tbe low place coining to an end, we stood erect in a large chamber — fetes to face with the Colonel. VI. The Colonel bad evidently been r.waiting our entry, for he was looking along tbe rights of a revolver ; bat that matured little, because Hiss Innes was behind me. Thumbs op,' said tbe Colonel briskly. 'I think,' said I, without stirring, 'you'd better drop that gun ; it might go oft' 'It migbt,' the Colonel soliloquised, ' unless you throw up your hands.' 'You seem to forget, Colonel, that you're not in a free and enlightened republic, but under monarchical mis- government. H yon hold me up iome- body will be holding you up presently — by the neck.' ' I wouldn't bpeecfaify,' add the Colo nel, ' or I'll shoot' ' What V said Miss Innns valiantly ; ' with a lady present P The Colonel lowered Ida weapon, bowed to Miss Innes, and apologised. 'Are yoo heeled f be asked of me, with 6ome little anxiety in his voice. \- I'm an Englishman,' said I stiffly ; we don't need weapons.' Tbe Colonel began to bluster. Wall, may I ask what the— excuse me, madam — wbat tbe — why yon are tree pissing on my property f Your property 1 We are in the Noble Five drim, which belongs to my partner, Kind Tom.' ' Which was the lake property — I may say the late lamented property — of your partner. ' ' And when, sir,' said I pretty hotly, ' did be part with tins claim P ' When, rir, he neglected, sir, to do assessments, sir, on his property ; when his property lapsed to the government, and I bad the honour to relocate this claim as the "American Eagle.1" Will yon oblige roe, then, by show ing your license as a prospector V 'Sir, I do not know you in this mat ter. I have not the pleasure of your acquaintance.' Ifest was one in the eye for me. ' Where are your pnoofo'jarid I, 'that my partner, let his claim lapse by not working if F ' My proofs,' said the Colonel blandly, also my wilutauM, shall bo forthcoming when Fa good and ready. Are yon the government 1 or the government's dog 1 or a hut on tbe tail of tbe government's dog ! Sir, you are not so much as tbe yMMtw insect on the heir of tire tail of the government? dog, so 111 trouble you to mind your own business.' AH right, Colonel ; well see what the camp has to say.' 'I would,' he sneered. 'Advertise, and there'll be such a gold-rush as was never known in this benighted province. Yon Britishers area played-out inati tootion. Anybody hot a Inoatic would be sway by this time staking out first ax tuitions ontbe " American Eagle " lead.' What an awfol msm I bed made of Tom's hnrinesa. very threat the j first time Iaawthe Colonel might have suggested tbe claim-jumping. Isnppoee that there weald hare been a oonrider- a Wo tow in that cave, hot Miss Innes kept her head. 'Come away,' die said ; 'this man in only a common tfals -and- we're wasting tune.' I followed bar out, by the way we had come, through the- natural tunnels, and on with all possible speed, until we sa w the gUmmer of dayHgbt ahead. Stay, Jack,' rim raid. Why ahanld we sbayf I was still shaking 11 owrwith footishrage. 'I have something to tell yoo.' WrilP She made sna est down in the place where we had eaten oar luncheon, and i the memory of what passed between as restrained me to some muaauiu of pati ence. ' Jsek,'he«aid, 'do yoa know wh£, X came to tiiiscamp f v i ; 'To watch that scoondrelf \ Yea, dear; he ia my brother's age?". Your hpoifier P 'My brother is manager of the smelter at Manfrmald City.' . 'Surfeeesf Tbe deuce f 'It? tree, dear. Fred went to London on bntinew; sending the Colonel bade bare. While Fred waa away I vaitl I would go down to stay with some friend! at New Westminster. Ha thinks I am there now/ ' Then you're not Mlm Innes P Sbe held np both bands to bide her blushes, bot I saw that the tips of her ears were coral red. ' My name,' sbe said, 'is Rose Surteea. Don't forgive roe, Jack — it was too wicked.' I could forgive her easily enough, particularly as my name was not Jack Robinson— bat that I abstained from mentioning. ' Fred Suttees of the Mandonald City Smelting Company, limited, is your brother; and the Colondis your brother's agent; to bond or bay mining properties'. How is it the old villain does not know youl' ' He never saw me. Do you think Fred would know such a man except on badness 1 Ob, do forgive me, Jack! Say yon forgive me 1' ' Miss Surtees,' I said, making a big show of severity, ' what made yoa track this mac like a detective f Because he looted — I don't know what he looked — I don't know anything; only, please, I knew he would cheat my brother ; but, ob, I was so frightened when I came ! Fred knows so little, you see, about anything. That's why be be got the poet from Uncle — I mean Lord Armitrude. ' I see. Bat now you've got on the wrong ride of tbe fence by mieteke. Yoa came here thinking yoor brother waa to be cheated. You've made a mistake — yonr brother stands in to make a pile of money. If this Colonel gets the Noble Five as your brother's agent, you've made your fortunes.' Oh, how con you ! Oh, yon — yon She stood np in a magnificent rage, her hands turned into fists, ho teeth clenched. ' You — -yon brute ! There ! How dare you say each a tiling of my brother I Fred may "be a fool, but be wouldn't insult bis sister's — I mean his brother's — oh ! what do X mean P £ tried not to smile, but all of a sud den her face changed and rite burst into tears. ' Oh,' efae cried, and after I'd been eating bumble-pie — miles of it — and you insult me F 1 Rose; I said gently. Well P She looked dp. 'What P And then she came np, throwing her arms about me, while die laid her head on my shoulder to cry peace. Saddenly we were both disturbed by a low whistle, coming from the mouth of tbe care. I felt ready to murder tbe intruder, but it turned out to be only Blind Tom. ' 'Xeose me,' said my partner, 4 this ain't in my tine. ' Qo away, Tom — for goodness sake, dear out. You're interrupting.' 'I guess not,' raid he, coming down into the cave; ' thie thing's barinese. See here, Jack.' Oh, go sway ? Bat Miss Surtees saw sometldnz m Tom's manner which I had missed. You see,' die said, smiling through her tears, 'Mr. Bobinson and I are engaged.' iap ' Yes, Tom,' I broke in, ' if yoa must interrupt us, you'd better begin with congratulations. Then Tom did a thing of which I had not thought him capable. ' Xcose me, ma'am '-—be bent over her with a carious, awkward bow, and took her hand in bis most reverently — ' I don't know, ma'am, as I congratulate yon — -aeein' as he's only a common scrub proprietor, like me. Besides, I'd like to kick him handsomely for bis confounded cheek — ay, that I would, Jack BoUnsou.' He grounded a doable-bandied shot gun which I bad not noticed, then drew tbe rough of his band acmes his fore- bead. ' Lord,' be continued, 4 what a due I've bad to find youl You w&so;'t up at the Noble Five, but they tells me on the mam trail as you'd come op here. Jack, my claim's been jomped! Where's that Colonel P I pom ted op the cave. , You'll find him there.' Tom took op toe shot-gun. 'WhereP ' Hold on,' I called, for he bad taken my candle end was going. 'We're got to come to some arrangements first 4 What <Pya mean P 4 III rouse the boys. Well have this claim -jumper run out of camp, We P Tom was angry now. 'This Colonel is my meat not yonrn.' Tom,' said Mies Surtees, at which he held back in surprise. You don't mind my calling yon Tom F ' Husk yoa, ma'am.' Tbe man who sent this thief to the camp ie my brother. EhF 'My brother, Mr. Snrtees, i« manager of tire Macdonald City Smelter. He sent the Colonel here' 'What!' 4 But," she went on firmly, 'he didn't end (hie man to eteel for him. I knew that lie was bad ; I was afraidhs'd get j poor Fred into tronble. I followed him. " " ' ' " . 'Well, IT beehnfe! But weren't yon reared, minF : , 1 was at first g but then Zmat Jack, you see. I knew I was quite.gsfp.tiMn: 4 Yoa can trust tne ma'am, !tart' — be chuckled — -'iriunoo about Jadr." \- And Ms Miea Sorteee was' godc to arise her advantage—; youHhelp see WAfcfUttfe'" .c 'iVii r r- 1 . 4<HripyuiiL< VJoaine I wflL . What's WWWgP: - - v; - / / 'Then ! want you, Tom, iohrep nor luiaohuc here jnthie revatothreedayu. Then I want Jacfc to take m home to. MacdooaldCXty. That wQItsksawaak, as there's no ataamec.' , -g.'Bat,' said I, 'if your brother's in England F" Hefti fee hone on tlw twenty-fifth, and this is the mwUvuUi. Besides, he'll behave dreadfully if I'm not there:' to meet Mm.' '1 don't see, said Tom, 'what that? got to do with me and toe Colonel Now, si charge of buckshot .. ' Would lung you, . Tom ; so shot up/, I think, Tom, if lean eee my brother before the Colonel gets at him, you needn't fear for tbe future.' 'But he's jumped my claim f Yes ; but it's no use to him without Fred's money. My brother found the man starving— gave him work out of pity. Hie only chance is to sell the ririm to uiy brother before he finds out that ft was stolen.' 'You've a level head, ma'am, 'said Tom respectfully. 'But tardy this wild-cat claim of mine mint worth bo much fuBsP ' This wild-cat claim P 'Of course. Why, ma'am, the whole location ain't worth moren ten cents. Fm only keeping it np as a sort of monu ment to them as died.' ' Good gracious Jack, he doesn't know! Tell him ! Tell him quick f So I told Tom of the wonderful dis covery in toe cave — that bis wild-cat claim, ins monument to four dead men, waa worth mftliom. Don't you eee f I said as he sat down on a boulder is utter amazement. We tike with us proofs of yonr claim, and proofs that the Colonel jumped it. Miss. Surtees nil get the Colooel out of our way. When die tells her brother about this discovery, faeTl provide yon money for development work, he'll get the proposition afloat in London. What a monument to thoee poor devils who were lost 1 The first " shipping " mine in this rafnp f Tom looked up, hie mouth quivering. And where do you come in P 1 'I don't see what that's got to do J with it.' ! 'So I'm to make my pile by eettin' ; here watching np the cave with a gnu. J Where do you come in P : I understand,' said Miss Sorteee. ' So do I,' for I bad taken her band. | < Perhaps if Mr. Snrtees makes a million j or so from my information, be won't j mind if I make him my brother-in-law J — eh, Tom F I 4 You can save the claim from this j Colonel on one condition, Jack,' I ' And what?e thatF 'You take a third interest in the property. (To be concluded nad. isxck. ) 