.AMIR.AC~i ? SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND YOU CHEDFOR BY A PROMIINENT MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WOFLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY- FOR DR. WILLIAMS'-PINK PILLS (From the ' Australian Workman.') On Thursday afternoon, our represeno tative made his way to the humble home of.Mr. Thomas Jarvis, -45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. H.e was. discoverel nursing a two-year-old babvy,and his face declnaed hini to be one. odL the happiest men in Svdaenv. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Althoguh pale aiid still bearing the marks of a critical-illness, and- a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the-rapid road to conval escence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : ' You want to know all about my case ? VWell;'I'm glad of an oppor tuniiy to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stiicken as I ' Hlow long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve - months I got so bad that I had to h-ave off work, and I h.av.: done nothing since then. Ab!out five years ago, I umet with an accident ; I was hatdlr scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sy.dile'. Since the ac cident -I have beenin ifailing health, aid a'iter four years of. g adual development of the. malady, I.was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' Whlit we;ve the svmptions ?' 'Simp;ly indescribab!e. The pains iwere sometbing terrible, They were jst as much as I could bear. Thefy were for all Ihe world like as if a saw were ciuit;ung my bones in two i everv part of me. I had no control over Oh c bowels o, blaldor, and was a nuisance to m s!-If and everyone else. I was in cess-nidy s)hivering an slihaking, and cou!d inethor eat nor sleep. On '3d. March last I saw a well-kno~v n doctor and he told me that my case was utte'ly h.)peless. However le gave tme an or der to the director of Charitable In.th;tu lions.' '-Did you make use of the order ?' 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago.I could not walk across the floor : in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only.. a question of days when t wou'ld ive'e.ip the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all lie could by opium'and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I. was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that IFwas suffering from Locomotor ataxia, a disease of the spin al cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordia sting voluntary movements. lHe told me that I might l'st-for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well. just as a drownin- man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure ef fected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the ' Aus tralian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisment of a-case which seemed to fit my own. I .determined to- give the Pink Pills a trial anyw ly, and sent for a box, The cffect was as marvellous as it was magical. I-was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credable. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes during. the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfect ly new, and I have never usedt them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to usa them and now I don't want them. All; want is this stick, and I hope soon to ?l? without it. You see I am rapidly re gaining my strength.' 'He is 100 per cent. better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tihe baby 'onher knees. ' The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous ly. ' I can now,' continue3 .Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling hals come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be clle to re sume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have b,ýeu at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and beul-it to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I amin no pain :now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the man tlepiece there is a box of opium an i morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain But -' e.i' v ' 0 01 they ca:. -.., wnere rucy are, tar I longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes, MIy being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the aston ishing cures wrought by Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders, which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anemnia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. ir. J. T. T M'Gowen, leader of the , labour party in the N.S.W. Assembly, a was seen by our reporter in connectioi Swith the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowven says lie has known ,Jarvis from infancy. iHe aleu knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe b1land abattoirs twelve months Sago, owing to a malady which he had 3 developed, he arterwards heard that Jar vis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery, He under stood Jarvis was refused. admission to tthe Sydney Hospital, as his case had \- been pronounced incurable. MIr. f t1 'Govwen was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the, complete recovery of Jarvis. .Dr. W illiamrs' Pink Pills for Pale l Pople, are obtainable from chemists indi sorekeejer, generally, or sent (po.t paid) by Dr. W iliianis' Medicine (Jom Span}, on receipt of 2s, 9d. per single ) b or half-dozen for 14s. Pd. 