AM ODD.- MISTAKE. 'Wii-boh vraa dead. Not dead through ovor indulgonco in whisky. Tho puoplo whom whiaky killa generally livo to about 80 boforo thoy cavo in— not dftftd through fulling off hia horao. Wilson had died naturally. lie was tho bummor of tho town, tho hangor on at olthor of tho two puba, tho unkompfc blackguard who buttoned on to arrangers in tho bnr with honoyod and flattering talk, and gradually lod thom round to shout for him. Every bush town has an established loafer of this kind who doi'a tho moan ohorois which nobody olso will undortako, clcanii tho public-houso ntablea for tho groom at tho prico of iv drink, ploughs an unbroken pieco of tho vegetable Cbinainan'fl eatato for iv small coimidoration, and is paid for small undigniuod oorvicou with coppers, threepenny bita and liquors. Wilson mpatly campod in tho outnkii'ta of tho alleged toirnahip in nil old deaortcd hnuijiy, whoso original orcu|iant had drownod himnulf in a woll. Llo appropriated tho promised — taking in tho inevitable ghost — and adjuatod thingii to Quit hia own vagabond tastfu. There wan not ouo whole pane of j;Iubei in tho OBtabliuhment, owing mainly to t))o fnofc that thn riuiug gnnnrution of tlm plnco had oarly rauccumbod to tho Huduc tivo habit of prmniKCuoualy poltiug stones through AViUon'a windowa. Tho gapa woro partially patched with noata of Wil hoii'b diKCiirdud trousorii, the hda of koro ueno tins, and similar material. Tho roafc of tho Gst.'iblishinmif; hung togoMior in tho Biimo picturcsqiio utato of disrepair. Old Wilson lived iu thin piano liko a wombat in it» hole for ton yearn. Thtui ho contracted ' plooriay ' and 'poggod out.' Nobody wau particularly oorry, yofc overyhody agreed that for, tho credit of tho town tho docoaaud ought to havo a oofllu and decent burial. Everybody said: 'Poor olo Bill I there wntm't no harm in him, anyways.' So the principal ronidontn — Jim Vallanco, tho Oovornumht publican, and Uogan, Opposition — (tho defunct had boon a good friend to each), and Joo Clarko, tho uto'rokitopor, and Senior-Constable Ciimiidy, who had novor been able to nee old Wiluon when ho lay on tho middle of tho road in his ahtrfc wrestling tvifli the assorlod uov peut, formed thetnnolvoa into a burying committee, and started u collection. In two or throo houm thoro was onough in tho pool to covor all cxpmixun and leavu drinka round for tho chief mourners. Then the committee offiired old Tim llip kitis thirty boh and a hottlo of gin to drivo the sixty mik-B into Biithursb and bring a bhell back iu hiii spring -cart. Kipkisa uccejited thu efi'or, took tho bottlo of gin on account, took tho dimoutmnm of tho corpse, and got away juat buforo sundown. Early next morning bo presented him aolf duly boforo tho principal undertaker, Ktatect tho amount tho committee wtire pre pared to pay for the ciising of Wihion, Btipulated that thoy ahould got tho beat work for their monoy, and waa informed that tho bhull would bo ready iu threa hours. ' Uy the way,' oaid tho undertaker at Jim waa leaving tho shop, 'you lmvon'ii told mo tho iiaine.' 'Juiiioh Hipkian,' ropliod that indivi dual, thinking that Iho qiioation had something to do with hit bona-iides. ' What ago '/' ?? Age ?' ' Yen, the age, pluinso ? Wo always put it in, you know, and the plnco of birth P' ' 'i'wonty-throo yours,' replied Jameo, whoso thirst and impntiouco wore ub'ut; (Miunl jiuit ihuu ; ' native of tho Fish' Itiver. Anything elae P' 'No, thank you ; nothing. Died yontor day, I think you fiaid ?' 'No; day 'foro yestorday, in tho even ing, 'bout 0 o'clock.' The undnrtiikor glanced at Iiih almanac. ' March KJ,' ho remarked, reflnctiviily, and addod the dw.iu to tho othur parti- cularii. It waa lato that night when Jim Ilipkioa roturuud with tho collln. II o had a roctloaa, fihifty look iu hiw eye, uuch mi might ho expected in tiio nervous optic of ono who had driven ovor tho hint fifteon or tivonty milosi of that rough country iu tho dink with n coflin and boon thrown out, together with hia gruoaomo freight, twico ah t oiUii, ' And tho worse of it win,' uaid Jim, in concluding tho uhuddoruomo narrative, ' that tho blinded inare ahiod right at tho iilip-raila going up to tho burryin' ground I I don't go into liuthurst for another coffin under five quid.' ' It'a u danh good thing y' got bnok to-night, Jim,' roiunrkod tho publican') ' 'ciiuso Canaidy an' Joo Clarko wotib down to tho hub to boo how tho olo foliar wan gottln' ftlong tliiu urft'noou, and thoy nay eo'll ahortly begin to put it about that oo wants a funeral,' Next morning tho chiof mounioru nn uomblod, and many of thn oldout rosi duntii and othor« nn woro not othorwiao ongagod took thoir way to tho hut whoro tho doconuod wub pntioufcly /uraiting them. Iliplciiui and tho Sonioi-'Conabablo wont ahead flrob with tho coffin, whioh they removed from tho cart und carried inoido, most of tho othurB filing into tho prouotico of death with their halo in thuir hnndii. Tho docoanod wau lifted, gontly enough, into tho ahull, and thou Cansidy whiflporod j ' I'naii tho lid, will yo, and wo'll norow him down. Vmk tho poordiril wants It badly,' ho added. Ono of the comuiitloo handed tho lid ovor. Whilo Caiiaidy waa adjusting tho iiocuvrn tho atorokeoj)or ltianod ovor to road tho lettering on tho broiiat-plalo. 'Hollo!' crioil Joo to Hlpkinn in a voioo which cloan npnoti tho nolomnity of tho jnocoudingu, ' Whnt in (purple iiheol) did you toll them to wrltoou thiuooflin ?' ' What I Wlmt'u tho mattor ?,' rejoined tho l'attor, ' I novor told 'oin io pubnolhiuk on tho (ucarlut) coflin.' 'Of course nofcl' shouted tho ofcoro keepor, with Hue Bcorn. ' Wo know all about you. You're n nice sort, anyhow, orderin1 u roal slap-up funeral for youruolf with our monoy, oli f Try in' to do poor old Wilson out of hifl coffin. Tliat'o your game, oh ?' 'What tho ? aro you getting atP' demanded Hipkisa, thoroughly excited. ' I uovor told tho blank undertaker to put Any think on do coflli). The blank naked mo my name, an' ngn, an' address, an' I givo it to him, that's all. ' Koyn !' cried tho storekeeper, noizing thu lid of Wilsou'n coflin and holding it up dramabiimlly towards tho crowd : ' JtiRt road what thin darned idiot ban got 'cm to inscribe on tho poor old covo'a coffin ' — And they read aloud, JAMEB IIlI'KltiS, Aqed 2\i, I Dikd Maeou 13, 1850, 'Now,' said Joo Clnrkc, turning to tho natouiBhed ITipkiaa, ' Why don't you dio P' 