THE DEVIL'S HEAD. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By. J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY. SfcTHOR OF "AN EXCELLENT KNAVE.' "HOW CAME HE DEAD," "A JUSTIFIED ' SINNER," "ON WHEELS OF FIRE," "THE MOST GORGEOUS LADY BLES- SINGTON," "THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF . PEG WOFFING- ,TON," &e..; &c.; . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXIII:-(Continued.) ' Whilst he was still waiting to speak to Ri gel, he one day saw Oriana walking alone in the park, on. which it occurred to him to lay, Ihls case before her, whom Is most concerned, leaving her to, decide whether she would repeat his words to her husband or keep sl- ' lent. Suddenlv resolving to adopt this course and rid 'himself of an unpleasant task, he set out to overtake her; so 'that in this man ner, and seemingly by accident, occurred an Incident that deeply impressed Oriana and Indirectly brought about unforeseen results. As the gamekeper gained ground she heard his footsteps, and turning waited for him to approach. Never since Philip's death had she seen Foulsham without recalling his evi dence at the inquest; She knew he had been in the park and had heard her scream, but she thanked heaven he had not identified tier voice with the cry, or tracked her to her home. Whert possible she had avoided nim, as ohe might something that was dis agreeable, and now that he appeared deli berately to seek her she watched him with surprise. To all dependants her manlier was invariably polite, nor was it nbw an excep tion to the rule. As he came near he saluted, and then stood still. "Beg pardon, my lady," he began. "What is it, Foulsham?" she inquired, stri ving to conceal her surprise." Brought to the point suddenly he hesi tated, and then blurted out; "It's just a little matter albout which I thought of troubling Sir Rigel or your lady- phlp. I have made up my mind to leave the country and go to Canada." It disturbed her that he should think ' of tolling, her this, until she found relief In the surmise that he needed assistance. Of this,' however, she was not quite sure, arid waited to hear if her idea was correct. "I am sure Sir Rigel will be sorry to lose you," she said. "Thank you, my lady," he answered frank ly. "You see the Government gives a grant Of land, but without capital to work It the farm Is useless; and as I have supported my father and mother for years I haveri't been able to lay anything aside." His straightforward mariner pleased her, and she felt relieved in thinking her sup position was true. "You want Sir Rigel to help you?" she suggested. "Or your ladyship." , "Me?" she said, something of astonishment and fear in her voice. He merely nodded his head; the iriost diffi-. riult part of his plan had been reached. Then as she fixed her eyes watchfully on him, he said; "I -hardly like to mention ft, hut I haive done your ladyship a good turn, and if you worild do the same toy me, why then we shniilri he milts" As In a flash the picture of .that fatal . (flight rose before her In all its dread and rda-rkness, and struck dismay liito her heart. Hope came a second later, nnd suggested that her fears were exaggerated! if -not groundless! "What. service have you done me?" she asked, in a shaking voice. . "I -was in the park that night. I heard you cry out. I saw you hurry away, and later I picked up your handkerchief; but I ."held -my tongue at the Inquest; I was mot the man that was willing to hring trouble On any woman." As he finished he looked at her shyly, nVhen the look of horror on her white face, With Its frame of red hair, startled him. Never had he seen such an expression of abject terror on man or beast, arid as a Iblow the thought came home to him that such a fear, as this could only be the result of guilt. Het next words confirmed that ' opinion. , , . "What else did you see? What else?" she asked,. her voice vibrating with dreadful agi tation; for her first thought had not been for herself, hut of him she loved. If Foulsham had seen the struggle on the headland, no word. or oath of Rlgei's would clear him to any but herself; and he would he In Tne power and" at the "mercy of this man. Foulsham had "unconsciously drawn back a step; a scared expression in his eyes. In answer to her -question, he declared he had seen nothing btit what he had mentioned. She did not believe -him at first, thinking he denied having seen the struggle through some duplicity she could not then fathom; for some purpose ha would later make .plain and profit by; not realising that Foulsham attributed' her feverish questioning arid her disturbed appearance to her fear for her self, and lest he had seen that which she dreaded to have known.' . "Tell me all; all that you saw/' she com- jnamded. .. . , _ , : . , , j „ "I saw nothing but wha-t have told you,' he answered. . She caught at soriie accent of truth in his voice, but discredited her perception In this incment of disturbance. If his statement were reliable, what an Inexpressible relief it would be; for Rigel would then be free fic-m doubt or accusation. "Where were you at the time— the time you h'eard the cry?'.' she asked; her voice shaking from agitation. He mentioned a spot froin where she knew it was irripossible to see the Devil's Head. It was probable that he had not seen what had happened there. . Her. tlupghts being wholly occupied by fears for her husband, she failed 'to see that 'her inquiries pointed to her own guilt. And It never occurred to hei' to deny that she had been in the park that night, to persuade him- It was some other figure than hers that he. had seen. ' "Have you told many people you saw me?" she asked. "Only one/' "Who was that?" "Sir Rigel/,' "Sir Rigel!" she repeated Incredulously. "Yes, I told him about it on the night of the inquest; for I wasn't sure I had done right by keeping silent." From this it was clear Foulsham had riot seen the struggle, and did not suspect 'her liutlband of having played any part In the tragedy. Here was certain relief, followed by surprise . that Rigel had not meritioned this to her, and by the convictiori of what she had frequently suspected, that from the first he had surmised she was aware of his- connection with Philip's death. '.'Sir Rigel," said Foulsham, after a pause, "strove to persuade me it was someone else I had heard and seen in the park, and made me swear I would not speak of the matter to anyone, I have kept that oath." "H'e made you take an oath," she said, her face expressing gratitude for the thought and concern shown for her reputation; an expression which the man who saw it mis took for relief on hearing that her secret was safe. "Which I have kept," he repeated; In speaking to her he had unconsciously dropped the address dUe to her title, for iri the tragic importance of their interview class /vui? lurgotten; tney saw and spoke to each other as man and woman. "Yes, yes. You have fern discreet," she replied, her eyes still full of painful anxiety her mind unaware of the inference Of tuilf contained in her words. "I owe you a great deal; more than ihoney can repay." She- paused as If considerlrig, and 'then asked- "How much do you want?" The question brought his position home to Foulsham, a position which as an honest iman he detested; but one to which, he told himself, necessity made him hend. "I am not a blackmailer," he answered, quickly. ' "A blackmailer," The word- sounded unpleashhtiy on her ears, and the meaning it carried startled her. Looking quickly into his eyes she saw what had not before occurred to her, that this mail believed her guilty of Philip's death. Nothing could ipersuade her to the contrary; It was plain .to see in his face. The thought horrified and revolted her, and she was on the point of protesting her innocence and persuading him of his mistake, when she remembered that if she removed his suspicion from herself it might .possibly fas ten oh RigeT. Better she sHould suffer than that this man should ever get an inkling of the truth; "I am not a -scoundrel," Foulsham was' saying, "who threatens or wants his silence bought. I dont care to know what has hap pened. All I say Is, If you think I have be- .haved well, give me freely without threat or fear, a token of your goodwill, with which myself and those belonging to me may be gin a new life in another country." "Forglye 'me." Oriana began, repeutingly. "it's all right; you didn't underston3 me? perhaps others would Beiiave differently, but I come of an old stock, and can't do a dirty act. Now/you know me." He was surprised to see a look of .profound melancholy. Iri -her face. Instead of the relief he expected his words to produce. "Meet me here to-morrow," she said, calmly, "and you shall have my gift. You may aceipt It for what It will be, a free of fering of goodwill." Ab she turned away he remoyed his cap and rernalned uncovered. The look of sad? fleas In her eves appealed to and, touched him. the dignity of her manner impressed him, and he Watrhed hor'hO 'ivoridered If after all his suspicions were unfourided, for -he could not at that moment Imagine her guilty of crime. CHAPTER XXIV.— IN THE NIGHT TIME. Whilst returning 'to the Castle Oriana thought over What had just happened, and felt moved with a misery such as she had not suffered' for months. For this conver sation brought back with startling vividness the tragedy of Philip's death, the remem brance of the suspicion she had attached to the man she loved, the recollection of the almost unendurable terrors from which she had suffered so long. Moreover, she believed that Foulshhm as sociated . her with a terrible crime. There was no mistaking his meaning. Nor were his surmises unreasonable. He had heard her cry out, he had seen her hurry away that memorable night, and like all who knew her, he was aware that later on she had lost none of the advantages that a marriage with Philip would have secured her. All that was plain; what remained obscure was whether Foulsham considered Rigel, who had profited so "much by Philip's death, had connived at it, leaving her to act. This insidious doubt reused al iher nervous fears afresh« and serv ed as a theme flor increased self-torture. Foulsham seemed honest; 'but how long wculd he remain so? He had taken an oath to keep silent, but would he some day break It? If he failed to prosper abroad would he return to haunt her, to menace, to demand? The wonder was that others — gamekeepers or labourers, those who by accident or oc cupation had been In the park that, night- had not seen her. For all she knew some one else had watched her and would In time start forward to accuse her. There was re ally no security for her so long as life- las- ted; she dally walked upon a mine that might explode at any moment. She was haunted by a thousand threatening thoughts, that bewildered her until her pulse throbbed at fever pitch, and she began to experience that sickly, numbing pain that of old had frequently attacked, her head. " From the moment Foulsham spoke she hail resolved to give him all she possessed. Rigel had Bettled on her a thousand a-, year, which she was free to spend as she, pleased. On her honeymoon his excessive generosity pro- vented her from touching this sum, which would still be to her credit In full if her fa ther had not borrowed from :her. She had yet some seven hundred pounds left, and she would, hand this to Foulsham. Though it would lessen her nervous dreads to tell Rigel what had taken place, yet Bhe determined to keep it secret from him, for she knew it would distress him, and she feared he would not allow her to remain un der suspicion even at the risk of confessing what really had happened. ' And that mus never be known. She would declare herself guilty rather than allow him to suffer, for she loved him dearer than her life. At dinner that night she was without ap petite, her pallor was noticeable, and it .was with difficulty she subdued (her nervousness. The party consisted of herself and Rigel, his aunt, and Lady George Sedgemoor. "I have had a letter to-day," said Lady Trentiham, whilst the soup was being serv ed, "from that erratic creature Doctor Bic- kersteth, who tells me he has returned to town where at present there are very few of bis friends, so that he doesn't quite know what to do with himself." "Why not ask him to eome and stay here?" Rigel suggested. ,, "If it were agreeable to Oriana, I should much like to invite ihim," answered the Coun tess, with her winning smile. "My dear aunt," said the hostess, "you know how pleased we should be to welcome any friend of yours," "That is most kind of you, my dearT and I will certainly ask him. Rigel has already met him; he is an old friend of Lady George and I'm sure you will find him very into- resting. _ ' 'He iri what i call decidedly breezy," re- iriarlted the society entertainer. "And now the question arises," Lady- Tren- tliam said, addressing. Oriana, "as to where you Will put him; for though he Is a bachelor —Poor man— It will seem- comfortless to send him away to the bachelor's quarters, .-where he would have none of his species for neigh bours." .. . . "There is the great tapestry room at the end of the corridor/ replied' Oriana. _ 'Yes, as he has nerves of irori. I daresav he will not object to sleeping in a haunted room. "A haunted room!" repeated Oriana, full of interest. "J 'heard It had a ghostly character," said Rigel, who strove to conceal his serldus- 'ness -under cover of a. smile. . '"£; you have yet to learn all the family traditions. You mfeht as well expect an .old place like this to- be without ivy. as to — e without a ghost," answered Ladjr Trentham. . "Have you Veen 'him?"- asked Oriana breathlessly, her eye3 full of eagerness. 1 "If I .had, my dear, I should not be here; the fright would have ktll'ed me. When I was a girl I always ran .past the door of the room." ' "You really believed in him?"' Lady George said in surprise. "I respected him as an ancient tradition." th'e Countess answered evasively. "How delighted Mrs. Ford Chllderbert would be to meet him." _ ' "Why does he haunt this room in particu lar?" questioned Rigel. "Because It was there he poisoned his bro ther, to whose title and estates he succeed ed." Rigel felt a cold thrill pass through 'Kim, whilst Oriana held her breath, her anxiety preventing her from further questioning the Countess. " "I will point but hl3 .portrait in the gallery to- morrow," continued Lady Treri'tharri. "He looks remarkably handsome, and soiriewhat wicked. Perhaps it. was for both reasons he became a favourite with Queen Elizabeth, and It Is said that, like many others, he spent more money on her than he ever re ceived from her. At all events, he was deeply In debt, and -was falling in'to discredit a't Court when It occurred to him that he might enrich himself by poisoning his elder brother, who was unmarried. The dose was glveri him in his beer one morning as he lay In bed by the younger brother, who, with locked doors, listened to his agonies until the end carnel He died himself within a year, and In tha't same room, which grew to have a horrible fascination for him, and ever since he 13 said to haunt it. My nurse would never be persuaded that she had not rieen "What a long tlrne his penance has lasted ' over three hundred years," said Lady- George, laughing sceptically. i "Poor spirit! Poor spirit!" murmured Ori ana, earnestly. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 