Snrat. (VBOM OUB CORRESPONDENT). December 27. IT IS with the greatest regret Jthat I have to chroDicle the death of Mrs. S. McDonald, wife of Mr. Sain McDonald, of this town, which sad event took place at her residence at 3 o'clock on Friday afternoon after a brief illness, at the early age of 25 years. The deceased leaves three young children to monrn her IOBS, and the greatest sympathy is felt for them and her relatives in their sad bereavement. Mrs. McDonald was be loved by all wbo knew her, and her un timely death oast quite a gloom over the whole community. Tae fuoeral took place on Saturday evening at 3 o'clock (Christmas Day), and notwithstanding the inolemency of the weather, a large gathering followed the deceased to her last resting place. As was expected, Christmas passed off very quietly, very few country people being in town, but a good orowd is expected to roll in to the races to-day. The races this year promise to be very successful. The weather .for the past week has been very nnsettled, and in places a lot of rain has fallen- A splendid storm fell on Friday, and nice steady rain also fell on Xmas Day, registering in all 1 inch. This morning (Monday) has broken bright and clear. INTELLIGENCE was received in town on Saturday of a sad occurrence in the neigh borhood of Mitchell. From what we can gather it appears that a young man, Samael Hoskin, brother of Mr. Aaron Hoskin, was on Monday last out on[his brother's selec tion at Woomblebank working some sheep. A day or two afterwards his horse and the dogs returned to the house, and as nothing had been heard of the missing man, a search party went out, and a report sent to the police. Diligent search was instituted, but it was without result till Thursday, when the dead body of yonng Hoskin was found. From appearances it is believed that he was killed by lightning during a terrific thunder Monday about noon. The indications are that he had dismounted from h»s horse, and was either preparing or eating his luncheon near a tree at the time the storm broke, and a lightning flash struck him. Death ap pears to have been instantaneous. It was found necessary to inter the body where it was discovered. IN stock movements the following were reported yesterday 4000 wethers from Eurella station to Kaaspia, New South Wales, H. S. Latimer owner, in charge. Another lot of sheep are reported nearing Roma, but no particulars are to hand. THE second fat bullock purchased by Mr. Lannatn from Mr. B. Rayoer's herd, was slaughtered on Friday and turned ont to be good prime Christmas beef. There was ?ome excitement over the weighing at Mr. Lannam'sshop, several " refreshers" depend* ing OB the result. The dressed carcass weighed 10901b. THE team to represent the Muckadilla Crioket Club in their matoh with Mitchell on the 31st instant will be selected from the following playersL. M'Lean, J. M'Lean, W. Parkes, J. Leahy, H. Langton, J. Lee, A. Miller, T. Smith, D. Condon, T. Milne, D. Leahy, P. M'Mahon, and P. Chambers' Scorer, W. J. Orr; umpire, Geo. Taylor. Both sides are intent on viotory, and a good game is expected. A WRITER in Figaro saysA fortnight ago I told you a paper for South Brisbane was in the wind. I can now give it yon emphatically. The South Brisbane Herald may be expected about the New Year-that is if the necessary support in the way of the needfnl ads are forthcoming. The moving spirits are, I believe, Messrs. W. A. D. Bell, Irwin, and Fowles. AT the Police Court on Friday, the 24th instant, before the Police Magistrate (Mr. F. Vaugban) Ann Long laid an information against her husband Charles James Long, charging him with wife desertion. The plaintiff deolared that her husband had not supported her In any way for more than two months. She had been married to the defendant more than eight years. During that time she had left her husband twipe*^ with his consent. On one occasion she stayed away two days and one night; she could not get home as the creek was up. She would never live with the defendant agaiu. The defendant claimed that the plaintiff bad deserted him, aa she bad left her home and the children on several occasions. Dr. R. W. Crooke, who had attended the plaintiff during a recent illness, said he had tried to induce her to go and live with her husband, bnt she said she would not live with him again. Mr. Mayne appeared for the defendant. The Police Magistrate dismissed the information, with £2 2 costs against the plaintiff. Oo Tuesday last, James Charlie Long was brought up charged with illegally using a horse, the property of one Susan SuiitU. The defend ant pleaded not guilty. After hearing the evidence, defendaot was lined £1, in default seven days in goal. VARIOUS shipping companies in Sydney are lect-iving inquiries in reference to pas 8> ges to Klonriyfce, and there is a general impression that the new year will see a ?mat! ruth frotp Sydney. ANOTHER fire is reported «t Charleviifoj this time an empty ccttage et the lower end* of Alfred-street. The fire occurred on the nigbt of the 23rd instant. The premises were insured for £150. MOTHERS ! 1! Don't fnnjet to get baby phuto'd by C. V. KEYS. Bis studio is at Grigg's old shop. WE have received another latch of almanacs for 1898 from the Soath Biitish, New Zealand, and New Zealand National Insurance Companies, through Mr. T. A. Spencer, the local agent. The calenders are veil fitted for office use. ' WE have received a- copy of Slater's Almanac for 1898, published by Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, Brisbane. It is a most useful production, and «i>l be found of special service in office or household. A good map of Queensland is issued with the almanac, whioh alone is worth the shilling charged for the work. THE rain during Chrietmaatide was spread over a considerable area of country, and will : give some relief. At Roma the record from i Friday morning to 9 a.m. on the 27th was 72 points. The returns are not complete, for instance there ia none from Sural, although tmr correspondent reports showers. The other retains are-Wallambilla, 0 40 inch, Augathulla 128, Tambo 147, Blackall 13, Tbargomiodah 7, Qnl«$»a S^.-Dalby 101. THE Mitchell Christmas raooa-begih to-day, and will be continued to-morrow. There la likely to be a very good tiine", and some fin* ?port. The Mitchell people always enjoy a good race meeting, and nsnally make two days of the fun, with three other days to " ran off matches" arising from a desire to test the quality of steeds that «ome timet have not had any training. It is not im probable some visitors will goup from Koms, and there is no doubt they will meat "many a Jiearty greeting. "How far do you go op the street on Saturday night?" "Ob, npas far as C. V. KEYS, the photographer's. Something worth seeing there. It's where Grigg and Co. used to be. A SOCIAL and dance was held in the Odd* fellows' Hall on Monday ivening in aid of the recently formed Roma'town Band. The evening was somewhat warm, but the enter, tainment drew a large attendance. A large ' programme was provided, and at intervals between the dances several songs were rendered-Mies Bourne, Miss Johnson, Miss Mayfii H, and Messrs. Tremethick and M'Nab kindly contributing towards the vocal part of the entertainment. The music was very good, and the ball being in splendid I order, dancing was kept up until past 3 o'clook next morning. Tbebandhas now a fairly good start, and with the contributions of the townspeople and funds from similar entertainments, should find no difficulty in maintaining a sound financial position-and the active interest of all lovers of music. CHRISTMAS E«e passed off very satisfac torily, notwithstanding a brisfc Bhower of rain during the afternoon. During the day many farmers and onteide residents had come into town, and a good business was done. By 8 o'clock M'Dowall-atreet was well crowded till after 10 o'clock, wben tbe people gradually sought their homes, and by , 11 Roma had assumed its usual quiet Satur*! a**, wight, Therewis rowdyism or drunkenness, in fact tbe hotels did not ' meet with the amount of trade, of iOTmer j years, but tbe stores, stationers, and i fruiterers and confectioners did well-better I in many instances than on a previous Christ* mas Eve for some years. The town band materially assisted in making tbe night pleasant, for they took up various positions in tbe street, and iu every instance the ring was surrounded .by a crowd of people, who certainly enjoyed the selections of musi* played. It was a fctrong band, too, and it is not improbable the performers comprised some members of the Hibernian Band also. Taken altogether, Christmas Ire was pleasant, for there were more happy people about than we baveseen for a long time. A good harvest has become a maiter of con siderable consequence to Roma, aud it is hoped there wi l be no more bad ones. Thx Christmas and New Year holidays very seldom pass over in £oma without roguery of some sort or other being perpe> trated. With tbe large influx of strangers from tbe surrounding, stations and the far west, it is not surprising that some '"-black sheep" will be amongst them. During last week a man giving ids name as Harris, was brought before the Police Magistrate charged with tbe larceny of a cheque value £12 and a purse Value 2s. 6d. from a man named Henry Kuhlmann. It appears that about Monday of laBt week Kuhlmann left Claver fcon Downs (near Wyandra) with two cheques -one for £6 17s. and the other for £12~in his possession. Be cashed the cbeqae of £6 17s., but kept the one for £12 without j changing it. On the journey down, some where abont Mitchell, he was joined by the | defendant Harris. Tbe men became friendly ; on the journey, and on reaching Roma both j went to stay at the Cornstalk Hotel. They were seen in each other's ^company several times during the next day andappeaveihtor be "knocking down" tfeeur cheques in the old way. They returned to the hotel on Wednesday night after a carouse, and both went to bed in -the same room. Kuhlmann "slept it.ont," and on waking next morn ing, examining his clothes he found the cKeqae for £12 was missing-and his com panion of tbe previous night had also vanished. Kuhlmann did not make any row abont the occurrence, bat went imma. diately to Sergeaut Quilter, and told him the ciroumstauoes. The Sergeant had seen the mas known as Harris in Kuhlmann's com. pany, and upon making inquiries found that' he had taken the early (4.25) train to Too woomba. He telegraphed, to the different ppiice stations on the line-Yeulba, Miles, Chinchilla, Dal by, Toowoomba, and Bris bane-giving a' description of the supposed runaway. The result was that Harris was caught and arrested at Chinchilla. He was brought to Koma the same night (Thursday), and tbe following mottling was brought before the P.M., and remanded. Harris's defence, as aforesaid in the evidence of the police, is that he gave Kuhlmann £12 in cash for the £12 cheque, and exchanged another purse with Kuhlmann /for the one he is charged with stealing. Farther particulars ? will be given when the case domes' on again, j Id the meantime, tbe police here are to be complimented spoa their quick ? work in aerating tlw Alleged offender. ~ O a etnrm on Thursday, * house at Malvern, Victoria, - £? lightning,-and'at Brunswick "tfaeJigh taring atfiick the tramline and scattered, the metal in all directions . ^ The Canadian Government ybave beeir officially informed that the aoTount of the indemnity which the United Stages Gov ernment are prepared to pay on^ccount of the seizure of Canadian sealing, trjB&kijifl; in Behring Sea is 464,000 dollars IT is announced that tbe Farmera' i/xuit and Saving Society at Toronto, in Canada/ baa suspended paymenj. It iijrtated that the depositors are not likely to receive mora than 60 per cent of the amount, of their deposits. '' THE Churleville Municipal Council are making arrangements for the enclowire'ri>f the bore with a view to providing freebatbt for residents. Also in reply to an apptica* tion from the Fire Brigale, the council agreed to contribute to that body 8 per cent on the general rate. Thus the amount payable bj£ the council would be about £24 or £25, the general Tate fof1897 realising «bont £310. We learn that'the fruit fly is not doip^ ' near so much damage this season «b last year (s»ys the Warwick Examiner). Tbe<* are tome cases where fruit bias keen at tacked, bat the majority of growersreport their fruity unaffected. When the trees blossomed in the spring the fliea were "to W seen in myriads, but since they3iavedi«-> appeared, oiSIy. a few beiag left.- The' drongbt extending over several weeks fend the great beat probably accounts for their disappearance.. ... Thk undermentioned is the raiftf&L;*#-: corded at Nive Downs for the last aUramtjpii^ This small-fall, coming after 18'tnckitfia, jtyf - exceptionally diy weather{»ayB tb^^&rjt.;: ville Times) is of little or bo good whatever^, and will serve to give an iaea of ths very "'~ dreadful state the country must bo in, %r. T. A. Brodie, who has been the maoagst at Nive Downs for a great many years, states that he. never saw the country lookitog* worse. The falls have been thusJuly,. 0.76 ; August, 0.8 ; September, 3S2 j" ' October, 1.23; November, 0.47 ; December, 0.11; total, 6.27. During the ns months ' no single fall reached half?an-inch. ^; THE St. George Standard oaljs the partiou . lar attention of persons travelling wjtlj »tncl( I to the following border regulation:AllBlbVfir* crossing stock over the-border at Mungindi,. tiebel or Brenda must give' Be vft£dajtf~'l notice to the aotihg inspector bf'ndttkw these plaees, as the; case may be. Sheep", travelling in Queensland maydo to without a permit. Sheep travelling outt of ^^he^ colony must have a Mrtifioato'"OT.'b8aftlx signed by the t>wnerand certified '?&.$>?. the. district stock inspector. Cattle and ', horses muat'have a permit to travel from the dis trict inspector as well aa a certificate .of health. All stock must also have wa^'mils. THE Brisbane Courier' haa x^^ntly _be-" come exceedingly hostileto tiwi- prp*£at_ Ministry, asserting that the 'Qovermneal ought to undertake the "dirtY work"* Of Q.N. Bank prosecutions when/aof directors and Sir Thomas M'llw concerned there is known to.be uL_._j_,, criminal charge. Bnt the to< want another election. We-won^jiHif tin refusal to " elevate" one of its diintonlt the Legislative Counoll bju .uythiiu to do with the oanse of hostility.- InjjBteoent issue the leader writer indulges :ii a mild political prophecy, in which it iinWMn that the Nelson Ministry are not going|jX gaily waltz into power for a third term by^nuiog the ghost of Socialism and playingfon the fears of the ignorant. In cODohn&g.; ao -? article giving the Government^aqatfjtbipats v. on the Land Bill, it says :.-"Issues are " cumulating for reference to the electors .when the next House is chosen. . The " country will not' then be asked'tobriuh \ aside other matters and vote for or against. , Roffia.liam --XimeJias of the ' ~ Labor party with' pitiless severity. '.Tbe': menace has gobe out of them. When* next * the people; are appealed to itwillrbato" obtain their decision on many questions of * policy, and we venture to say that not the least important of them are'thoaa connected with the progress of settlement." r-r :. THE Charleville Time* reports that Gobb ; and (Jo. having decided to rebuild '^tbe^ extensive coach and smith works,, reoently destroyed by fire in that town, have made application to the conhcil for permission to n«e the bore water as the motive power for their machinery. They wonld require the, tint six months' use of the - water free *)! oost to ascertain the practicability of..the power. Should it be fonnd snitable, they wonld enter into an agreement of-five yean for an anlimited supply of water directfrom ' the bore, so that the benefit of the full pres. sure may be obtained. The Company de- 1 aired the council to permit then) Jo dig np ' trenches in the streets to enable tWn to lay : ? the necessary pipes to eoadnc^the said water to and from the faotbty/.bat nothing wonld be done to 'the detrimental the "1 council's property. Should everything be satisfactory, the applicants dajwdfoping what wonld be the charge jter annum for tbe said water, to be used only in connection with the faotory business. In 0ra'4SciBisP that ensued it was mentioned that't? : - Cooncil shonld have some infpirnjtjrmjfeW1'"*0" how It was intended to get ridof water. Tbe industry ofthe fittri 'S : fostered, in the interests of the odm* &. ~ under 'satisfactory conditions'as'to' f of tbe water. T . - i THE St. George Standardi s gladthe J ater for Railways has refuted to aanctio appointment ofaselept committee* in^ ence to rail way ppixxaaan to that' town. aeleet cwwrfff {aayBtbewriter}*!^ generally looked upon aa&n; eflfete " tion barren qf result,-and ao earn contending influences and rival consideration, that its, members; soober elected than a game of^puu «ns pall devil" eats in. which hamper^ fa- ... dividnally and collectively, mid if they do -* make any practical js^eationatbey variably shelved in the -end. Wr~ ntwrtiTilf f ?' Lthat the exemption of. a strip' (along *hc-bo«JerfFom~payingthe bol^tttax . on wool is but the insertion of .**."'-' ofthe wedge, and heralds, at,no^utut . date, the removal of tbe tax altogether . It shows that the border outcry againitthe in justice of the tax ia having doe effect, and that complete. exemption must ftrflnw, as a consequence tbe Government must bnild our railway if they intend torSaio the border.tradeof this portion tho The line ia promised. 33iti».jHMMmnbJ available at present and the aesriim^sliigp^ ended. Let ns do all wettinloP^^Bl^^p bnt let na leave select committees of House alone when they are opt wanted. It* r may aonnd large to make the requMtjlbutif' it were granted weshould besnatohing at a" shadow and losing the substance. .<-* SHOPPING BY J?OST.-With AlAxaifi3SP»~ & MDNKO, Toowoomba. Our mwl Snfer^te. partment makes new IriendB daily. Prompt despatch And -sterling®. valois snake for ootjSV dence in basinesa.; -If yon. have a "wiKii ii ' Drapery, Clothing, Crockery, Glassware, Tpre^rv,n?Jare» floorcloths,' Linoleum,' or Floor Coverings of any kind; write to ns; reply nextpoat. Send to ns for a parcel of ioys or Christmas Fancy Goods, with cash remittance to the value of goods you require. Abe selection and value will- please - yon. Try a pair or more of our. 2s. Ud._ 4-clasp Tan ">Lena"-iB3d Gloves, adding o&e; penny per pair for postage. Yon^ll be delighted. . " And you say your father is interested in me?" said Mr. Stalate, much pleased. " He seems so," she answered. " He's worried about your health." «, My health"?" Yes, He thiakf you hare iawmma.'' . - is isatated by « Labor paper that a eqaatternamed Moore has been chosen as the Government nominee to contest thai Marillawbt>n.Keleun resigns next year. CONSTABLE Porter, who Jiae beenatationed at St. . Heoige' for about. four years, baa j . been ? tr nBierred - ..to -Rurna. . . Constable llcGs^ia uf Aogartbe-Ja willtakehis place. We jioM,jh?,;tranffiT means promotion to CHnjrtawi Porter,,for hfehaa. proved himself a veVy Apa^sui^ijtabieiii.tbiB <_.intriet, and a quiet anit^rllBive ira-i who did his duty thoroughly, sod'will bin hard to" replace. Standard, BogUtnslU'KtKQ in the streets should not Uwivcid. /It is very interesting to stand, at'One's door and watch a good rider .00. . a young or rowdy horse, sod it is a good idea" in hone breaking to habituate the animals to" the . madding crowd aud ' fo " town' life geDflfflliy^ 4>ntthey nhvu'd be eohjpoted to a little preliminary preparation on the'back pwpMMf .fint. Young horses - careering er ntipallynp and down the streets and round the corners "are to tie seen at almost any timein Cnnnsmull*. One of these days a child or,_aome enfeebled person will be tratnplttd-to .death, jind it will .then be " Wbo'd.baWthqnght it Watchman. fipseSR thetWiagge expedition to Moant Kwukocand the descriptive articles in the Swney Daily Telegraph quite a small Kos *""> fe»er!<ias eei In. Oaeof the victims " *»r for Woritt. -Mr. Young pri> . Hit Ascent in February. : Be bogjaed the -expediture of £400 _.joteiM*entof the road "between1 f/xBakeifo Gamp, and £200 ' on ^between Baker's Camp'and ' Miller, &!.{*" ^wljo gave' " " Young- to pay she ^-S^^deaVoured to induce r^bepractieability ^>f e*tend>, Jway froni Cooma to Ji'ndabyne, l;pf,?)uiIdinga'iuouutam line to the top. a somber of gentlemen are Pjp taggrftaw-hotel^at the summit if the Krflment^niroonBtrQcca railway. A man named William Ware, well known in this district for the past twenty years (says the St George Standard), and a native of the Hunter River, died at the Waterloo Hotel, Maranoa road, on the 19th instant. The deceased arrived there a few days before, and complained of cramps and bowel complaints, which he attributed to drinking bad water while fencing on Cash- more run, where he had been at work for about twelve months. Mrs. Moore, of the hotel, tried various remedies but without affect, Ware dying about 9 am on the morning of the 19th. The deceased had recently lost his wife, and leaves two child- ren, both boys, of about ten and three years of age respectively. Constable Porter arrived a few hours after Ware's burial and made the usual inquiries regarding his death but nothing of a suspicious character transpired. At the circus now playing in Sydney, the wytseiMational feature of the show is the lioofirSJi^iiif actj ^jn which Jumbo moanUj^tru^ble. ^and "scorches'' around thasrena with the lion "Prince" on its back. The machipe on whichthe elephant ridesis d'woftderf^lIyiighViiktking apparatus to carry a of-«t»rbelbt ng like 12 tons. What is known as'the saddle is padded with > carpet, and on this the elephant rests, PIafWg.fcer Wpd legs on a cross bar and her fori Ifebttin rouhdetipper plates fixed on tie pedals. -On her back the lion rides on a velvet- padded saddle^ -and-as" V Prince" is one'of the largest'-Jtons ~in Australasia* the tricycle carries a faiily good bnrden. There i* nothing of-an alarming character in the manner in wbioh this' act is accomplished in the ring. , A specially-designed cage has beeacoj^atraoted tb« eize «f'tbe circus ring, A canopy bovera the top, ami everything is ! aecaredaa far&a; the audience is concerned. The ^iinch are>eglnning to wake np to the gravity 'bf ^thTe eifcuation. Says the Flanta^ rjOc^^ ^' Tbe effect of the sagsr . bonp|y ^i^inning. to be felt in FianosTn 4 .aomewMt 'peculiar manner, To thegrumbh ofoonsuuiera, who prefer cheap prices-to expensive and probletnaticln tnre ad van tages. is nowadded the ;dt«oi(i«ty : ihat, the confectionery busi nettij t *n; essentially-French one-is ruined by the policy offar-seeing statesmen. The fact that England, of alt countries, should have developed ? alarge trade in sweets and janugfor- jfrentifa c&nSumptionseems; like a piece of dramatic justice.. Paris Aops contain sweetmeats itith .the odious inscription/ * Madein England,' and all because, owing to French action, sugar has become so cheap in this country that Wecanimport it, as well as fruit, from franca, and ttu°n ibetn into'jams and oonfectionery for exportation to thalsnd of their origin at a price which defiis| Fnneh -competition. Ih England the bertairtSte^ngarfee0ldftt2d.perponnd, wharaai in J'tance it costs ?J. per ponnd, .nd mUL nat be< deBseo long'as the bounty syBtemprexai&r;"; 1 - Lmtt ' Wednesday theT Premier of' New Soath^WalSf^a|^pan^ by Mr. Beia visited thelSianflawa goldmine, being con dncM njantor, Mr. Jobp? Bobyoa. ^ne tunnel and nndcrgrbnnd work inga were -specially. iilpmipatcd r through, out, ? affording a!«plradid Opportunity to thoronghly'^ietf We' Wrkihgi. Prepare. \- previous to the arrival visitors?Or their conveyance along the main -tunnel and approaches in the tracks. whfcjh^'teftft'-Wughly'bnfc1 oomfoHtably -fitted ®P^WfjlSP'W^fesi^p. The. viaitori examined each level with great interest. Mr. Reid remarked that bis underground ride was as enjoyable as that memorable one on the record reign day in London, this being qnite a novel one. jfc. Bofcyng wascomplimented on the aungmnt^lAe '-works. '? Four J^SPeoti. SreieSBiceri oinl 'and dished in the prewnce. of thet yisitora, with the. splendid result1 tof «dwt. 6gr.-of gold,-or over' 1 dwt. per.49te i 1 JBhisj was fassBnted to Mrs. Beid. Thete prospects were taken from different pointa along the ran of 170ft., each prospect ?hoairy; .^sppM-ately-biph resnlta. This is 'j. first visit , to. the . nnder^roand working ^ apy size or-consequence. H« spear ? vrnwnes regarding the climate and natural;aspsst*«t end aorroundiog Kiaudra. Tha |tag&ifeK-intends; taking his departure On Saodav^>^ut it js anderstood Mrs, Reid and fa^ljr^U.feipainsn ortra^wcek." ' " E St. &M;]rgaStandard <^- Friday con. -* ? CT sad }annoanbenient ; Mr. John w. Oavanongh, oldest son of Mr. James£knaobnt;h, storekeeper, died on Wed neada^rin odiejlfaospital from eyncope. On Monday deceased, when ' reading in ** " ~L was 'Jseized with an senger was despatched f- Or: L'Estrange, wfao went .Horning, Mr.Jobnfioberts, -MS Jirtel, drove ont with Mrs. Jriiy <aVftrtbugb,' "another" of /the di8WHd}^Jfr^T<!aTan(>hgh' appeared to be alight^ and the doctor ordered his removal to the Hospital, and ob Wed. nesday hecame in.in the;.boggy with Mn Roberts pnd his pabthfer, Dr. L'£stiange jBtiseijSgflmfcthsm^hstofithB »ay. They arrive^j^^u^amtal at aboat 3 p.m. Then^the deceased ntoo the veianiah and WW (fon«fwng5SP|th those about him. Later pp )n- ibe evenipg-;he got worse, and died aboat P o'ftlopk h^ve stated. Jack Cavanongh, as his^meods oaUed him, was only 37 years of a,ge, and a man of whom no one ftinld eay aa tmkiud word. He was beloved by all iw ho knew him,' and in losing him many wiU miss a resl good friend. It is only in^!$yj.tst that lie left this town to enter into :basine8s on his own account ati Warrno fnil of hope ft>r the future, andnow he is icnt offieayiag a wife and iopr obi dren to inoprp over b|s untimely deatli. The giipatest py in pa thy is felt for the re]atives of the deceased in ;their deep erief, and the event has cast « sadness over the whole community. - Thefnneral took p'ace about S o'clock on Thursday evening, when a large gathering followed all that remained 'nf Jack Cajgofi^biJe ii» last ^s#ing place. 