THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home -of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nurs ing a 2-year- old baby, ^and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that, he was an. invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. :. ';? . .In reply to the .preliminary questions, he said: 'YqiX -want-to^ow all about my case? Well, I am glad of 'an opportunity to tell you-. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ....... '. 'How .long were you suffering?' 'Well, twelve months ago I got. so bad that I had to'leav« off work,, and. I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christ mas, I met. with an accident; I was' badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident; I- haye'.;been Jn. failing 'health, and after .four years of. gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' 'What were the symptofns?' 'Simply indescribable. . The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They ' were for all the world like as it a saw were cutting my bones in two in eversi part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I -was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither -«a.t nor sleep. On the' 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me (that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.'. ?' 'Did you make use of the order?' 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well :in bedr«ver since. - Five weeks ago I could not walk = across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. ; I felt then that it was ail over with me; and only, a question oiLdays when1 I would give up the ghost. My doctor, was at tending me, and -did rail; he could, by opium and morphia pills, -to, ease .the agony I was in. I was under him for five Or' six: weeks. .-He came to. the conclusion that* r-was::-suffering from VLocomotor atasia, or Prqgressiye locomotdriataxy,'. a disease of the spinal :cbrd, characterised ^by^jjeculiar dis turbances of gait,jknd difficulty ^iiT^eo-ordinating voluntary movements. He told 'me that I might last for ten years, : and- that I might never get the use of my legs'. -'(Just then the patient kicked his legs, about with energy to .show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea; conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England; .which I -read in Ihe .'Australian Work man,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was . magical.. I was able to eat 'and .sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many 'a day. It was incredible. ' . I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during -the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick,, and am gradually, but* surely, recovering my former vigor 'and vitality. You see those crutches - there? /? They are perfectly new, and I .have never, usfed them. They were made for me before I got .the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now i don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to, dp without it. You' see I. am rapidly 'regaining my5 strength.' . ' .' '.'= s ' ; 'He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis; who had come in' and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have' saved his life, and made another man of him.' .-....?' . A friend who called, in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. ~ 'I can now?' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has' come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am', I hope to be able to resume work as a. Boilermaker, and you know I have. to. be in the very 'pink of health and strength) to work at that -trade. - I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change -and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved -my life. I am -in no pain now whatever, afltl feel, like a new man. On tie mantelpiece there is^a box of opium and mor phia pills which the doctor .gave me to deaden the excruciating.pain. . But they: can stay .where' they axe, for I no longer need, them.- Everybody who knows me has been amazed at. the change in me, They can hardly -believe thetri eyes. 3Iy~4»eing about again has caused quite a sensation out nere.' . , : ? . Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what- is said in -all t3ie chief newspapers of 'this country of the astonishing . cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills^f or Pate People. They cur© locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, . and spinal dis ease; also the 'many pisorders- which, arise from an impoverished jstate d|^ the 'blood,- such as a'rtamnia pale and sallow coihplexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tbe -back, nervous headache, etc.— o. . .-..;... ....... 