LOCAL AND GENERAL. The members of Parliament now residing in Coolgardie have both written to the- Commissioner for Crown Lands, strongly supporting the original application of the local A.W.A. for a blocs of lasd in Bayley-street, oh which to erect a Trades Hall. In connection with the requests forwarded to the Minister for Lands by Messrs Morgans and Yosper. M.'sP.. asking that goldfields commons be proclaimed and pastoral leases granted at suitable places, the Minister has instructed the Surveyor-General to visit the fields, and select lands fitted for this .purpose. . A few of Mr Cohn's admirers in Coolgardie have raised a subscription of £2, wherewith to pay the fine inflicted on the man Toll for having exhibited his appreciation of I. J. K's. good qualities in too marked a manner. * 'We learn that a movement is on foot to requisition Mr A. H. Barclay to become a candidate for Legisla'ive Council honors, Apart f iom the merits of the proposed candidate, or the wisdom of the step suggested, we may say that Mr „ Barclay behaved like a white man in the recent contest for N.E Coolgardie. and deserved a better fate than that accorded to him. In connection with Mr A. T. Chandler's proposal to establish a Legislative Council Election Association in Coolgardie, it is now suggested that a meeting of Upper House electors should be held and a common platform agreed upon. This platform will then be forwarded to all the candidates, and those signifying their adherence to its proposals will be submitted to a referendum or plebiscite of Coolgardie voters. Those who get through this ordeal with the greatest number of votes will then receive the solid vote of the Association, which, it is hoped, will soon include the whole of the city's voting strength. The extraordinary publication whose name is yelled every evening in the gutters of Coolgardie, and the publication of which is no small boon to the butchering fraternity, endeavors to show the MINER inconsistent because it publishes disparaging comments concerning certain Oppositionists. Yet in its comparison of our remarks it includes one statement that Messrs E. T. Hooley, T. F. Quinlan, H. W. Sholl, and E. Solomon re in the conservative section of the Opposiion. the strength of which we freely admited goes with the Government. These are he men whom we sharply criticised, and our istinction between them and the real Opositionists was at once marked and perectly consistent. Misrepresentatation first, econd and last is the whole aud sole policy" of the evening sheet. o f l c d r t E v M A movement is on foot to form a Chess Club locally. A meeting of those interested will beheld iu the Mechanics' Institute this ening. The introductory note to the Adelaide sharemarket quotations, published in another column, is decidedly re-assuring. It states that the market yesterday was very brisk, and a further big advanc; in prices was experienced almost all through the list. At about a quarter to 12 last night a man named J. W. Miller reported to the police that whilst lying by a team near Bloom's stables he was robbed of 22s 6d and a watch and chain by three men. tbe robbers making off immediately they had secured the booty. Mr E. T. Pats tone reported at the Police Station last night that, at the old railway siding, near the condenser, there is a grave which has evidently been disturbed, and out of which a skull is showing above the ground. The police will investigate the matter today. The theft of several hurricane lanters f om the holes made for the reception of electric light poles has been reported to the police, who are busily investigating the matter, whilst a reward is also being offered for information leading to the conviction of the thief or thieves. The ball at the Mechanics' Institute, which it was originally proposed to hold on the Queen's Birthday, has been postponed until June 22, the Eecord Reign Celebration Day. A dance in connection with the Church of England is set down for June 21, but doubtless some arrangements will be made whereby any clashing will be avoided. During the late fire at Kennedy's Hotel, many of the firemen contracted severe colds through exposure, and also through the damp which penetrates their boots and permeates their clothes, wholly unsuited to such work. One of the men, Mr Harry Taylor, is so unwell that his friends have decided to remove him to the Government Hospital, and this will be done to- day. We have received a communication from a person who writes with much ink and on both sides of the paper, endeavoring to impress upon us the manifold virtues of Semitic as compared with Anti-Semitic origin—which has all been duly and carefully noted by us. With regard to the other matter incidentally mentioned in the screed, we wish to inform the writer that our reporter was present during his little contretemps on Wednesday evening, and is in possession of the full facte surrounding the affair. Mr F. C. B. Vosper, M P., has received a letter from the Acting-Mayor of Kanowna (Mr W. H. Batho} requesting him to accept a salary for his Parliamentary services, to be raised by public subscription within the electorate. Mr Yosper has replied, thanking the Mayor for his kind offer, but declining it on various grounds. A proposal from his supporters to refund him his expenses ia connection with the recent campaign has, however, been accepted, conditionally upon the names of the contributors being kept private and the member's independence being preserved The members of the Coolgardie Double Quartette Party were asked by their hon secretary (Mr C. Rosenthal) to adjourn practice for 10 minutes on Wednesday evening', when, to then- great surprise, the secretary presented to each member a silver lyre as the badge of the society. A similar presentation was made to the president (D'r 51\. A. Leschau) and hon conductor (Herr Fiedler), with the difference that those received a golden lyre. The design was executed by Mr Rosenthal himself, and the badges made by Mr Caris, jeweler, of this town. Both design and execution are ^ exceedingly neat and attractive. The president, on behalf of the D.Q. Party, suitably thanked Mr Rosenthal for his handsome present, and the members proceeded with pleasantly interrupted prac ice for their concert at the "Tiv" on Thursday evening next. The Council practically determined ion Wednesday night to celebrate the occasion of the Queen s Greater Jubilee " by a grand procession to the sports grounds. This might be made a truly imposing spectacle. The newly formed Rifle Club should head the procession, folic wed by the Fire Brigade, led, of course, by Cr Levinson in full war-paint. Then the Municipal bugler, Mr Nathan, mounted upon a fiery mustang, or a twohumped camel, would show the way to a detachment of Coolgardie " experts," whilst the Mayor, with the Mayoral robes and the Mayoral smile, would bring his Councillors along, flanked on either side by an assortment of Coolgardie drunks Such an arrangement, besides being distinctly picturesque, would also savor eminently of the soil. The jubilee might be further commemorated by the erection of a pyramid of empty bottles—Coolgardie's one imperishable monument. The following letter has been sent from Kalgoorlie to the Mayor of Perth, with reference to the Mount Charlotte disaster:— " As private effort has now almost exhausted itself to obtain subscriptions towards the fund for the relief of tbe widows and children left by the sufferers in the late Mount Charlotte disaster, it is proposed to make a concerted effort on a wider scale, and to appeal for the sympathy and aid of other centres of population -in and outside the colony. The sum of £2,500 is about what is required if anything of practical use is to be done, and so far we have collected less than £600. I have the honor to invite you most cordially to open a subscription list in your town. All moneys resulting from this list, or from any other sources from which you can aid us, will be received by our town clerk, and gratefully acknowledged on behalf of this municipality.—^Signed) HAROLD G. PARSONS, Mayor." Our Kalgoorlie correspondent writes :—A meeting of the East Coolgardie Roads Board was held in Kalgoorlie yesterday. It was decided to cut a tract towards Black Flag to the boundary of the district, and to ask the ProgreES Committee at the latter place to meet it from their end. The salaries of the engineer and secretary respectively were increased to £200 and £250, the former being appointed inspector and the latter rate collector in addition to their present duties. It was decided to again approach the Minister of Public Works with the object of securing a grant to put the Boulder road into a fit state of repair, and also to ask for £1,000 for general purposes of improvement. Mr H. W. Taylor informed the Board that on account of a visit to England he found it necessary to resign his seat, and an election to fill the vacancy wiil be held at an early date. Yesterday and last night, the Afghans celebrated* the "Buckra Id." or " Feast of the Ram," with much splendor, and the braying of various alleged musical instruments. Gorgeous garments, of every color in the rainbow, were much in evidence, snd served to heighten the Oriental aspect of this phase of Westralian life. Religious services were held during the day, and afterwards the Afghans gave free vent to their tastes for pleasure and amusement. In the evening what might irreverently be described as a variety show was given in the presence of a very large audience, many of the white residents of Coolgardie having wandered over to Fly Flat for the occasion. Sports of various kinds and with sfrange-sonnding names were performed; amidst the accompaniment strains of weird music, whilst the national dance created much interest. A special of the entertainment was the wrestling. One or two of our local budding hampions tried conclusions with their arker-skinned brethren, but, sad to relate, etiied badly worsted, one man being thrown wice in comparatively quick succession. very attention was shown to the white isitors, who were made welcome by Faiz ahomed in the most hospitable manner. I The following patients were yesterdayadmitted to the Government Hospital:— James Cuthbertson, aged 21, and Mary Stannahope. aged 29, both suffering from fever. " Major" and Mrs Gover. late of Tasmania, who have been appointed to succeed " Major'' and Mrs Hunter in the command of the Salvation "Army" in Western Australia, arrived at Perth on Tuesday. On Tuesday the Acting-Premier (Mr E. H. Wittenoom) cabled the results of the general elections up to date to the Agent- General iu London, with the request that they might be made generally known there. Messrs Ifacdouald and Co. beg to draw the public's attention to the sale of Block No. 1174, Montana, with tbe house included, as it is for absolute sale there will be a good chance of securing a good investment, cheap. A substantial sum has (says the " West Australian' ), it is understood, been placed upon the Estimates foi the purpose of advertising the Western Australian timbers in America. Several of our woods, together with lantern views and statistical matter, are now being prepared with the object of affording all the latest scientific information upon the subject. The timber com- prises jarrah, karri, wandoo, morrell, tuart and others, which are all indigenous to this colony, and are especially adapted for railway bridging, piling and heavy wheelwright work. Their introduction, therefore, into America will mean the opening up of a large and valuable trade. On the recent appointment of a sixth member to the Cabinet, the Mayor telegraphed to MrH. B.Lefroy as follow :—The Mayor and Council of Coolgardie heartily congratulate you on your appointment as Minister of Education; anticipating rapid development of the Department, and recognising the appointment of a sixth Minister as indicative of the progress and enhanced dignity of this colony.—-(Signed), A. W. MAC- DONALD, Mayor." To this the Minister replied by wire :— t: 1 feel highly honored by the very kind congratulations of yourself and councillors of Coolgardie. Please accept my warmest thanks. — (Signed). H. B. LE- FBOY." Thus a London correspondent:—I hear privately—though it may have become an open secret before this letter reaches you— that the P. and O. Company has piaetically decided on a highly important modification in its mail service. Its large vessels, instead of calling at Brindisi, will hereafter make their Mediterranean stoppage at Marseilles, where, of course, they can be joined by any passengers coming overland through France. But in order to accelerate the mails and to provide a set vice de luxe for passengers who desire to shorten the sea pa:sage as much as possible, a service of fast steamers is to run from Brindisi to Port Said, carrying the mails and a limited number of passengers. These steamers will make some 20 knots an hour, and will overtake the big ships at the point I have indicated. This ougnt to accelerate the mail service to Australia very considerably. The S.A. " Register " is blessed in its profound ignorance of matters Westralian, and, as is generally the case, it delights to air its opinions on matters on which it knows nothing, or to gravely state as facts ideas evolved out of its own imagination. Thus we are told that the intention of the opponents of the existing regime is to force on a dissolution as soon as the new Parliament meets. It would be interesting to know when this intention was formed, where, and by whom. Possibly the S.A! " Register ' may have secret sources of information not available to anyone within this colony, but we fear that it will be a very long time before the prediction of the "Register" is verified. Then we are told that we were granted responsible government in 1891, that the number of Legislative Councillors is to be increased to 24, and various other "facts" which were never heard of outside the office of the " Register." No doubt all this comes under the category of " exclusive information." So it is—very exclusive, fact especially being excluded. The practice of holding jumping matches wiih a preliminary gallop across a part of the footpath in lower Bayley-street is so acutely dangerous that it is wonderful to think it is permitted in a civilised community. The other day a poor devil of a water carter in the pursuance of an old practice was haled before the beak, and fined for taking his dray over the path into a customer's yard. A water cart is a cumbrous slow moving concern that offers no menace to pedestrians especially as in this instance, when taken across a footpath in a quiet street. But galloping hunters bestridden by blackguard boys, yelling insanely at the rightful occupiers of the sidewalk to get out oE the way is another and a dangerous thing. Yet the inoffensive one is brought up and fined and the wildly dangerous one is permitted. Of course a free circus is palatable to most, but the minority are old or nervous people and youngsters and any of tlies2 would have stood a good chance of being knocked down in lower Bayley- street yesterday after- There was again a good house at the "Tiv." last night, when a lengthy and excellent programme was presented. We have already folly noticed the performance at this theatre, so that it is unnecessary to say more fch&a;_ that the audience appeared thoroughly satisfied with the efforts of the various artistes. Much regret was expressed when it became known that the wrestling match between Harry Pearce and Lucifer was not to come off. Mr Pearce refused to appear on account of an advertisement published in the " West Australian " by Professor Seguy (Lucifer's trainer), challenging him to wrestle to a finish with Lucifer for £50 or £100. We understand that Mr Pearce has wired that he is willing to meet Lucifer here in a week's time for any sum up to £100, paying his opponent's expenses in the meantime, or he is willing to go to Perth and wrestle there on payment of the expenses entailed by the journey. It is only fair to state that the Tivoli management was in 110 way responsible for the disappointment caused by the non-appearance of the two champions. The fact that it is a frequent scene at the Bayley-street cab-stand to see the dukes in disguise, who are simply acting as cab-drivers for a lark, disporting themselves noisily at night with Jarksome members of the demimondaine, is sufficient to mRke the man in the street ask who supervises public vehicular traffic. In Australia the cab driver is a 3 oung athletic man generallyeating too much meat (according to Dr Sawmari Smith) and consequently as full of sass as the bossVaiter in a 'Frisco hotel. His hilarity hurls no one particularly, so long as he confines it magnifying" his charges, "twoup," or grazing .the shins of some other fellow's horse, whose driver has not given him the road promptly enough. When he indulges in horse play, "language," and larks with festive feminities on the cabstand in tbe belated hours of night, his hilarity offends public decency, limits his public utility, and deserves utmost reprehension. Exactly who is to give this reprehension practical effect, whether it is the police or the municipal authorities, we do not know ; but we do know that there have been lately several cases deserving of it. We are democratically broad in our ideas as to who should be allowed to use public vehicles, and we would not like to see any hysterical by-laws framed and enforced in this regard. But we believe in such order being kept as not to scare or annoy the timid and innocent among the community. Supposing that any timid woman had walked -to the Bayley-street cab-stand on a certain night this week about 11 o'clock, with the intention of taking a cab to her home for safety's sake she would have seen such a scene there as would have made a lonely walk preferable. A meeting of those interested in the formation of a cavalry corps for Coolgardie was held at Sommers' Victoria Hotel last night. \- Warden Fmnerty presided over some 30 or •40 gentlemen, amongst whom were Cr Levinson, Drs M'Neill and Seed, the Hon Hume Black, and Messrs J. L. Sinclair, and H. Nathan. Cr Levinson proposed : i! That a petition be sent to the Commandant of the W.A. forces, asking him to sanction the formation of a cavalry corps in Coolgardie; and also that Warden Finnerty use his best endeavors to get the- petition granted." Mr Nathan seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Messrs Sinclair and Hume Black spoke in favor of the motion, and promised their support in the movement. The patriotic feelings of those desirous of joining the proposed corps to do duty for " their Queen and country," were somewhat dampened by the remarks which fell from certain of the speakers, to the effect that it was very doubtful whether the Commandant would grant the necessary permission, it being stated that he was greatly adverse to the formation of mounted corps, and favored infantry corps. The Warden promised to forward the petition to the proper quarters. Cr Levinson's next motion was— "That in the event of the request being granted Warden Finnerty be elected head of the corps." Mr Sinclair seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. The Warden briefly returned thanks for the prospective honor. No other business being brought forward, the meeting adjourned with the usual vote of thanks to the chair- The opening of the Dampier return season last evening by the production of " Hamlet" was marked by the attendance of a fair house. The performance of anything so classic as the plays of the Divine Bard does not take so well in a small centre as it would in a larger city, and we were agreeably surprised to find the house so well filled. Mr Dampier, however, has a name to conjure . with in Australasia, and no matter in what role he is announced, he is certain to attract much attention. Last night he was working under considerale difficulties. The building in which the performance took place does not lend itself to the setting of such pieces which operated as a considerable drawback. Nevertheless the occasion was a memorable one in the annals of Coolgardie, and those who went to see and hear Alfred Dampier as the philosophic Prince came away.far from disappointed. There is no need for us to attempt a description or criticism of Mr Dampier's rendering of the immortal part — that has been done too often and too ably to allow of its repetition. Let it, therefore, suffice to say that Mr Dampier acted up to his own high standard, and no better need be asked for by the most exacting. Miss Rose Dampier sustained the part of " Ophelia " in a befitting manner, her conception and rendering of the character leaving little to be desired. Mr Rolfe as " Laertes," Mr Howard Smith as " Horatio," Mr Duggaa as " Polonius," and Mr £dmund Holloway as the " Ghost of Samlet's father" furnished the principal support to the central figure, while Miss Russell's'' Gertrude'' was a fine piece of acting. We confess that we were not profoundly impressed by Mr Hamilton's " Claudius." George Buller, as the " First Grave Digger," was decidedly successful. Rosier, as " Fust Player," and Miss Clements as " Player Queen," were amongst the best of the minor parts. To-night Mr Dampier's own version of " East Lynue" will be played. Miss Lily Dampier will take the dual role of " Lady Isabel and Madame Vine." She is the youngest living representative of these difficult characters, and being, on account of her Shakesperian traiaing, an emotional actress of great power, an exceptional treat is in store for those who will be present. The Dampier season positively closes to-morrow night so that the public should not miss this, the only chance they will have of t seeing first class legitimate drama for a long time to come. Gold and silver first attracted people to Montana, United States, as far back as 1862, since Which time the total product of the State in precious metals reaches the enormous sum o£ over 550,000,000dol (£110,000,000). The mountain ranges are ribbed with veins of gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, coal, and other minerals. In 1895 the State -was second in production of gold, second in silver, while in copper it produced more than all the other States combined. The director of the mint puts the value of metals produced from 1862 to 1894 as follows:—Gold, 193,941.478dol (£38,788,255 12s) ; silver, 207.998,425dol ; copper, 144,31€,899dol; lead," 7,464,l23dol; total, 553,620,925aoL The latest example of municipal corruption is furnished by Louisville, the largest city in the State of Kentucky, where seven Aldermen and the president of a bank have been indicted—the bank .president for having bribed certain Aldermen, the Aldermen for having taken bribes, and the entire group for having conspired to rob the city in various ways. These in en controlled the Municipal Assembly. They conspired, it is charged, to procure the sale of. the city's waterworks at a profit of l,000,000dol for themselves, to sell public offices, to protect gambiing-houses, and to pass ordinances which would have enriched them by means of fees extracted from merchants. Because of the shameful history of American municipal legislative bodies, a strong protest is made here against the report of the Commission which was charged with the construction of a charter for the new city of about 4,000,000 inhabitants, which'is to be formed by a consolidation of New York, Brooklyn, and adjacent towns.. This charter provides for a • large Election Assembly and a smaller Election Council, and the adoption of this plan for a double Chamber would open the door for no end of jobbery. New York now has a Board of Aldermen, from which nearly all of its original powers have been withdrawn because they were notoriously abused- The government is now vested almost exclusively "in the Mayor and the heads of the executive departments, and experience shows that this plan ought to be followed in the charter provisions for what is called "Greater New York." ' \- " There are plenty of women in Oregon now," observed a prominent Oregon politician, " but it is within the memory of many of as when women were very scarce there. We gave it out that we wanted them for school teachers, and the like, and encouraged them to come out there, but the truth was the men wanted them for wives. I remember once we sent a young man to Massachusetts, where he was well acquainted, with orders to collect 100 young women and to escort * them back to Oregon. We guaranteed every one of thein one year's employment The active man in the matter was a fine-looking young man, Who afterwards served two terms in Congress from our State. He spent two months in selecting the party and started West with them, On the trip out he courted one of the school teachers on his own hook, and actually got her consent to a marriage on the arrival of the train at Portland. The boys howled considerably about it, claiming that he had treated them unfairly, in having first choice, but ttiere was a lot of fine marriageable material left. Some of those women are today ^the leading ladies of the society of the State. More than three-fourths of the 100 were "mairried inside of three years, and many in l"ss than one year. A few of the lot, however, are teaching school there to-day, not that they -did not have any offers, but • because they would not accept any of the fellows who offered themselves. Now that Senator Mitchell has about given up his contest to return as Senator, he will likely be succeeded by a gentleman who married one of the party of school teachers to which I refer. He will bring his wife to Washington with him, and Washington folks can see for themselves the land of ladies we had out there for- school teachers. They can't be surpassed even if equalled anywhere. I may be an interested person, though, for it happens that my wife was one of the party/' 