THE CHRISTIAN. By HA Eli CAIXB,." AUTHOR OP "THE MANXMAN." CHAPTER XVIII.— (Continued.) . . Ilie Canon glanced up with a stealthy expres sion and thought, "How clever of him! To re sign-before he Is told plainly that he has to go —that Is very clever." rnen ho said aloud, "I am sorry, very sorry, I'm always sorry to part with my clergy. Still — you see I am entirely frank with you — I have obrervod that you have not been comfortable of late, and I think you are acting for the best. AVhen do you' wish to leave me?" "As soon as convenient — as early as I canl he spared." The Canon smiled condescendingly. ""That need not trouble you at all. With a staff like mine you see. ... Of course, you are 'aware that I am entitled to three months' notice." "Yes." "But I will waive it; I will not detain you. Have you seen your uncle on the subject?" "No." "AVhen you do so please say that I always try iu» remove impediments from a young man's i path if he Is" uncomfortable — in the wrong place, for example." "Thank you," said John Storm, and then he hesitated a moment before stepping to the door. The Canon rose and bowed affably. "Not an angry word," he thought. "Who shall say that blood does not count for something?" "Believe me, my dear Storm," he said aloud, "I shall always remember with pride and plea sure our early connection. It will continue to he a source of satisfaction to me that I was able to give you your first opportunity, and if your next curacy should chance to be in London I trust you will allow us to maintain the acquain tance." John Storm's face was twitching, and his pul ses were beating violently, but ho was trying to control himself. "Thank you,' he said; "but it Is not very likely " "Don't say you arc giving up orders, dear Mr. Storm, or perhaps that you are only leaving our Cliurcli In order to unite yourself to another. Ah! I-Iave I touched on a tender point? You must not be surprised that rumors have been rife. We cannot silence the tongues of busy- bodies and mischief-makers, you know. And I confess, speaking as your spiritual head and ad viser, It would be a source of grief to me If a young clergyman who has eaten the bread of the Establishment, and of my own living as well, were about to avow himself the subject slave of an Italian bishop." John. Storm came back from the door. "What you ure saying, sir, requires that I should be plain spoken. In giving up. my curacy I am not leaving the Church of England, I am only leaving you." "I am so glad, so relieved." ''I am leaving you because I cannot live with you any longer, because the atmosphere you breathe is impossible to me, necauoo your reli gion is not my religion, or your God my God!" 'You surprise me. -What have I done?" "A month ago I asked you to set your face as a clergyman against the shameful Immoral mar riage of a man of scandalous reputation, but you refused; you excused the man and sided with him. This morning you thought It neces sary to investigate in public the case of one of that man's victims, and you sided with the man again — you denied to the girl the right even to mention the scoundrel's name." "How differently we see things! Do you know I thought my examination of the poor young thing was merciful to the point of gentleness. And that I may tell you — notwithstanding the female volcano who came down on me — was the view of the board and of his lordship the chair man." \- -"Then I am sorry to differ from them. I thought it unnecessary and unmanly, and brutal, and even blasphemous!" "Mr. Storm! Do you know what you are saying?" "Perfectly, and I came to say it." . Ills eyes were wild, his voice was hoarse; he was like a man breaking the bonds of a tyranni cal slavery. "You called that poor child a cruel name be cause she had wasted the good gifts which God had given her. But God has given good gifts to you also— gifts of Intellect and eloquence with which you might have raised the fallen and sup ported the weak, and defended the down-trodden, and comforted the broken-hearted — and what have you done with them? You have bartered them for benefices, and peddled them for popu larity; you have given them in exchange for money, for houses, for furniture, for things like tlilE— and this— and this. You have sold your birthright for a mess of pottage, therefore you are the sinner." "You're not yourself, sir; leave me," and cross ing the room the Canon touched the bell. "Yes, you are ten thousand times worse than that poor fallen -girl, with her taint of blood and will. There would be no such women as she Is to fall victims to evil companionship if there were no such men as you are to excuse their betrayors and to side with them." ( "You re mad, sir! cut l want nu scene "And you are in the Church, in the pulpit, and call yourself a follower of the One who forgave the woman and shamed the hypocrites, and had not where to lay Ills head!" But the Canon had faced about and fled out of tli e room. ' - . The footman came in answer to the hell, ana finding no one but John Storm he'told him that a lady was waiting for him in a carriage at the dItrwas Mrs. Callender. She had come to say that she had called at the hospital for Polly Love, and the girl had refused to go to the home at Soho. ' ' oi» a. "But wliatever'B amiss with ye, man? she said. "You might have Been a ghost!" Ho had come out bareheaded, carrying his hat In his hand. .... .. , "It's all over," he said. I vo waited weeks and weeks for it, but it's over at last. ' It was of no uso mincing matters, so I spoke out. His red eyes were ablaze, hut a great load seemed to he lifted off his mind, and his soul . seemed to exult. "I have told him I must leave him, and I am lo go Immediately. The disease was dire and the remedy had to be dire also." The old lady was holding her breath and watch ing his flushed face with strained attention. i "And what may ye be going to do now?" «To become a religious Id something more than the namo; to leave the world altogether with Its idleness and pomp, and hypocrisy and unre- ality." . "Get yoursell some flesh on your bones first, man. It's easy to see you've no been sleeping and eating these days and days together." "That's nothing — nothing at all. God cannot lake half your soul. You must give yourself entirely." . . . . "Eh, laddie, laddie, I feared me this was what < yo wore coming til. But a man cannot bury himself before he Is dead. He may bury the half of himself, but is it the better half? "What of his thoughts— his wandering thoughts? Choose " for yourself, though, and If you must go— if you must ids yoursell for ever, and this is the last I'm to see of you. . . you may kiss me, laddie —I'm old enough, surely. . . . Go on James, man; what for are you sitting up there star- ,nfvhen John Storm returned to his room he found a letter from Parson Quayle. It was a good natured, cackling epistle, full of sweet nothings about Glory and the hospital, about Peel and the discovery of the ancient ruins in the graveyards of the treen cbapols, but it closed with this postscript— - "You will remember old Chaise, a sort of itinerant beggar and the privileged pet of every body. The silly old gawk has got hold of your father, and has actually made the old gentleman believe that you are bewitched! Someone has put the evil eye on you — some woman It would seem— and that Is the reason why you have broken away and behaved to strangely! It Is most extraordinary. That such a foolish super stition should have taken hold of a man like your father is really quite astonishing, but if It will only soften his rancour against you and _ , .... nno fAPirlVO Help 10 restore peace we umj pciuuHo the distrust of Providence and the outrage on common sense. All's well that ends well, you know, and wo shall all he happy." CHAPTER XIX. 'Lost, stolen, or strayed — a man, a clergyman, nnBWcrB to the name of John .Storm. Or rather he does not answer, haling allowed himself to be written to twice without making so much as a yap or a yowl by way of reply. Last seen six days ago, when ho was suffering from the sulks, after being In a de'U of a temper with a helpless and Innocent maiden who 'doesn't know nothin' that can have given him offence. Anyone giving In formation of his welfare and whereabouts to the said H. and I. M. 'will bo generously and appro priately rewarded. _ "But soberly, my dear John Storm, what has become of you? Where are you and whatever have you been doing since the day or the dreadful Inquisition? Frightful rumors are flying through the air like knives, and they cut and wound a poor girl woefully. Therefore, be good enough to reply by return of post— and in person. "Meantime, please accept It as a proof of my eternal regard that after two knockdown blows received In silence I am once more coming up smiling. Know then that Mr. Drake has Justi fied all expectations, having compelled Lord Ro bert to provide for Polly. ThuB you will be charmed to observe In me the growth of the prophetic instinct, for you will remember my positive prediction that If a girl were In trouble, and the necessity arose, Mr. Drake would be the first to help her. Of course, he had a great deal to say that, was as sweet as syrup on the loyalty of my own friendship also, and he oxpended much beautiful rhetoric on yourself as well. It seeins that you are one of those who follow the impulse of the heart entirely, while the rout of us divide our allegiance with the head: and if you display " sometimes the severity of a tyrant of our sex, that Is only to be set down as another proof of your regard and of the elevation of the pedestal whereon you desire us to be placed. . Thus he reconciles me to the harmony of the universe and makes all things easy and agreeable, "Being on night duty now, and, therefore, nt liberty from C.!10 to S.0, I Intend to pay Polly and her hoy my first call of ceremony this even ing, when anybody else would he welcome to ac company me who might be willing to come to this shrine of innocence and love in the spirit of the wise men of the East. But lest anybody should Inquire for me at the hospital at the first of the hours aforesaid, this is to give warning that the White Owl has expressly forbidden all intercourse between the members of her staff and tho discharged and dishonored mother. Set it down to my spirit of contradiction that I intend to disregard tho mandate, though I am only too well aware that the poor discharged and dis honored one has no other idea of friendship than that of a loyalty in which she shares but is not sharing. Of course, woman is born to such selfishness as tho sparks fly upward; but if I should ever meet with a man who isn't I will Just give' myself up to him, body and soul and belongings, unless he has a' wife . or other en cumbrance already and Ib booked for this world; and in that event I will enter into my own re cognisances and he bound over to him 'for the next. GLORY." At 6.30 that evening Glory stood waiting in the portico of the hospital, but John Storm did not come. At 7 she was ringing at the bell of a little house In St. John's Wood that stood be hind a high wall and had an Iron grating In the garden door. The bell was answered by a good-natured, slack-looking servant, who was friendly and even familiar in a moment. "Are you the young lady from the hospital? The Missis told mo about you. I'm Liza, and come upstairs. . ; . Yes. doing nicely, thank you, both of 'em Is— and mind your head, Miss." Polly was In a little bandbox of a bedroom, looking more pink and white than ever against the linen of her frilled pillow-slips. By the bedside a woman of uncertain age in deep mourn ing. with little twinkling eyes and fat cheeks, was rocking the baby on her knee and babbling over it in words of maudlin endearment. "Bless It. 'ow it do notice! Boo-loo-loo!" Glory leaned over the little one and pronounced It the prettiest baby she had ever seen. "Symo 'ere, Miss. There ain't sech another In all London! It's Jest the sort of baby you can love. Pore little thing. It's quite took to me already, as if it wanted to enkerridge you my dear " "This Is Mrs. Jupe," said Polly, "and she's go ing to take baby to nurse." "Bco-loo-loo-loo! t And a nice new cradle's awaiting of it afron't of the fire In my little back parlor. Boo-loo." "But surely you're never going to part with your baby!" said Glory. "Why, what do you suppose, dear? Do you think I'm going to be tied to a child all my days, and never be able to go anywhere or do anything or amuse myself at all?" "Jest that. It'll be to our mootual benefit, as I said when I answered your advertisement." Glory asked the woman if she was married and had any children of her own. "Ale, Miss? I've been married eleven years, and I've alius prayed the Lord to gimme child- ring Got any? On'y one little girl; but I want to adopt another from the birth, so as to have something to lovo when my own's growed up." Glory supposed that Polly could see her baby at any time, but the woman answered doubt fully— "Can she see baby? Well, I would rather not, certingly. If I tyke It, I want to feel It Is syme as my own, and do my dooty by It, pore thing; and If the mother were coming and going I should alius feel as she had the first claim." Polly showed no Interest In the conversation until Mrs. Jupe asked for the name of her "friend," In lieu of eighty pounds that were to be paid down on the delivery of the child. "Come, mike up your mind, my dear, and let me tike It. away at onet. Give me his name, that's good enough for me." After some hesitation Glory gave Lord Robert's name and address; and the woman prepared the child for its departure. At the street door Glory asked Mrs. Jupe for her own address, and the woman gave her a card, saying if ever she wanted to leave the hospital It would be easy to help such a fine looking young woman as she was to make a bit of living for herself. Polly recovered speedily from the troubles of the child's departure, and presently assumed an easy and almost patronising tone towards Glory, pretending to be amused and even a little indig nant when she asked how soon she expected to be fit for business again, and able to do without Lord Robert's assistance. Glory left early, vowing In her heart she would come no more. AVhen she changed her omnibus at Piccadilly the Circus was very full of women. "Letter for you, nurse," said the porter, as she entered the hospital. It was from John Storm — "Dear Glory— I have at length decided to enter the Brotherhood at BIshopsgate-street, and I am to go Into the monastery this evening. It is not as a visitor that I am going this time, hut as a postulant or novice, and In the hope of becoming worthy , in due course to take, the vows of life long consecration. Therefore I' am writing to you probably for the last time, and parting from you perhaps for ever. 'Since we came up to London together I have suffered many shocks and disappointments, and I seem to have been torn in ribbons. My che rished dreams have proved to be delusions; the palaces I had built up for myself have turned out to be tawdry pasteboard, gilt and rubbish; I have been robbed of all my Jewels, or they have shown themselves to he shingle stones. In this condition of pain and shame and disillusion ment I am now resolved to escape at the same time from the world and from myself, for I am tired of both alike, and. already I feel as it a great weight had been lifted off. "But I wish to speak to you. You must have thought me cantankerous, and so I have been sometimes, but always by conviction and on principle. I could not countenance the fashion able morality that is corrupting the manhood of the laity, or tolerate the toleration that Is making tile clergy thoroughly wicked; I could not without a pang see you oater to the world's appetites, or be drawn into its gaieties and fri volities; and it was agony to me to fear that a girl of your pure, if passionate, nature might perhaps fall a victim to a mere gamester in life's follies — a mere actor indulging a pastime — a mere cheat. "And what you tell me of your friend's altered circumstances does not relieve me of such anx ieties. The man who has deceived a girl once is likely to deceive her again. Short of marriage itself, such connections should be cut off entire ly, whatever the price and penalty. AVhen they are maintained in relations of liberty the victim is sure to be further victimised, and her last state is always worse than the first. "However, I do not wish to blamo anybody, least of all you, who have done everything for the best, and especially now when I am parting from you for life. You have never realised how much you have been to me, and I doubt if I knew It myself until to-day. You know how I was brought iip — with a solitary old man — God be with him — who tried to -be good to me for the sake of his ambitions, and to love me tor the sake of his revenge, I never knew my mother, I never had a sister, and I can never have a wife. You were all three to me, and yourself besides. There were no women in our. house hold, and you stood for woman In my life. I have never told you this before, but now I tell It as a dying man whispers his last secret with his parting breath. "I have written my letters of farewell — one to my father, asking bis forgiveness if I have done him any wrong, one to my uncle with my love and thanks, and one to your good old grand father, giving up my solemn and sacred trust of you. By my departure some difficulties will be removed, and for the rest I have come to see that everything is done by the spirit and nothing by the flesh, and that by prayer and fasting I can help and protect you more than by counsel and advice. Thus everything is for the best. "The Benedictine rule, under which the bro thers live in community, forbids them to write and receive letters, or even to think or the world outside, and now that I am on the eve of that now life, memories of the old one keep CrOWUlUg uu Ulc us uu u uiurruui£ uuui. dul they are all of one period — the days when we were at Feel in your sweet little island, before tho vain and cruel world came In between us, when you were a simple, merry, happy girl, and I was little more than a happy boy, and we went plunging and ploughing and laughing through your bright, blue sea together. "But earth's Joys grow very dim, and Its glories are fading. That, also. Is for the best. 1 have my Koh-i- noor — my desire to depart and surren der my life to God. ... . "JOHN STORM." "Anything wrong, nurse? Feeling 111, ain't ye? Only dizzy a bit? Unpleasant news from home, perhaps?" "No, something else. Let me sit In your room, porter." . ' (To be continued.) . We may expect that before long (says the London "World") Die weather will be under the control or the Meteorological Office, for Mr. Edison has already taken the first step towards this desirable end. JJnrortunately, It appears much easier to ensure bad weather tliau to pro vide a fine day. The famous inventor Is working hard ill the New Jersey town which hears Ills name on u scheme for extracting ore by magnetic attraction, and he lias' run up an enormous mag net round Ogdeu Mountain. The magnet, how ever, has moro attraction for thunderstorm than for ore, and Edison has become Infested with lightning, which has done considerable damage to property. One of the inhabitants is even con templating an action for damages against Air. Edison for the storms he has produced. Now that Mr. Edison has discovered how to make storms, lie should set to work to direct tliem to some convenient spot in the desert of Sahara. The Berlin police have prohibited the perform ance of Herr Hermnmi Sunderinanii's latest drama, "Johannes,'" which was looked forward to as one of the dramatic events of the forthcoming season, because it Is based ou the story of John the Baptist. 