MESSRS HARRY DAVIES AND CO. If the ghost of "Christmas Past” had peeped into many a Ballarat household in much the same manner as be peered into the bumble dwelling of Bub Cratchit, he would have seen many evidences of the important part which the well-known firm of Harry Davies and Cos. have capably sustained in adding to the comfort and happiness of the people during his almost for gotten reign; and were, too, the ghost of “ Christmas Present” to indulge in the same pastime bis experience would be of much the same kind. The glossy carpets which caver the floors, tbs comfortable slippers which are worn in walking upon them; the well-cnt Bait in which the master of the house is attired; and the fashionable gown of the happy housewife; the costly silk draperies which add beauty to the apartments, and the delioatsly-figured curtains whioh droop from the windows, and the numberless toyß with, which the little ones litter every corner, are, to a great extent, supplied from this gigantic emporium, whose trade extends far into the country diatriots, and brings within the reach of thousands the cleverest handiwork of the best manufacturers and tradesmen the whole world over. The great show windows abutting' on Stnrt ..street are . now the models of Lilliputian cities in wood, India rubber and parohment—collections of’ castles, houses, little men and little women, trumpets, balloons, drum-, tools, trains, coaches, horses, trees and gardens, and many other wonderful creations calculated to brighten the eyes and please the sense of the most discontented youngster ever born. The prices at which thiß interesting lot of goodß is marked are astonishingly low, and Santa Klaus will probably be able to save something here in making his purchases. Christmas cards and Christmas books are in equal profusion, and for children of a larger growth novelties— cheap and durable —are supplied almost with out end. The difficulty is, however, that the large staff of employes are scarcely able to cope with the demand. In the course of a very brief time SO orders were booked for dresses, and the firm have since found it necessary to refuse the commissions of enstomer.-, for all the garments are wanted by Christmas, and makers are not sufficiently plentiful to supply them. Another of the busiest departments at Christmas time is that devoted to the supply of linoleums and carpets. Brussels carpets, for so long re garded as uneqnalled in the matter of floor covering, are now fast dying ont of faßhion, and the rich toned velvety Aristo Axminsters, as a first-class article, have taken their place. The worst that can be said of the new goodß is that it appears to be almost sinfnl extrava gance to walk upon them. Tapestry are sold at as low as 1b 3d per yard—a fact which wonld probably have been an eighth world’s wonder 10 years ago—and linoleums and oil-cloths are qnite aa reasonable. Novelties in satins and brocheß, white washing gloves, blouses, fall nets, white umbrellas, and many other materials for holiday oostumes, and every reqniaite that may enhance comfort and beautify appearance at home or abroad, are to bn obtained for the smallest sums. Upon Xmas eve few displays will bn more attraotive than that at Messrs Harry Davies and Co.’s. 