IN MEMORTAM SERMON. The following sermon was preached by the Rev. W. H. Cooper, M.A., B. D., at the Bdcuh worth Presbyterian Church on Sunday week, when special reference was made to the death of Mr Charles Hugli Morrison : — I desire to- night when our hearts are susceptible as the result of sorrow and loss, ami our intellects are perplexed because of Divine dispensation, to say something about the building up of human character. As the basis of uiy remarks 1 would call your atlcution to 1st Kings, vi. and 7. — ' And the house when it was building was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house while it was in building" The building of this historic- and sacred edifice is in many' respects analogous to the silent growth and development of a human life. A temple or cathedral is one of the moBt inspiring things on earth. When we gaze upon such a structure wc cannot help feeling that Man is con scious of his relation to (jod ; that he acknowledges a moral governor, a benefi cent Being, one against whom he has shiticu and who is willing to forgive his transgres sions. That temple structure or house dedicated to God eloquently speaks to him of the awful mystery and magnificence of the universe and of his own insignificance. It is a visible aud enduring expression of Man's spiritual needs aud cravings aud of his belief that " God is the rcwarder of thsin that diligently seek him." The temple of Zeus, in Athens ; of 8erapis, in Egy pL ; of Diana, in Ephesus ; the L'anthcou. in Home ; and the Temple in Jerusalem ; arc material expressions of Man's feeling of dependence on the overruling Provideuee. I. God's House Silently Built. — King David had it in his heart to build a house unto the Lord, but his reign was stained with human blood and Jehovah, when David slept with his fathers, bestowed this I1VMUUI Upvll uUlUUIUIi HIS 9U1I JLLIC Hebrew king having come to the throne decided to carry out the wishes of his father. He allied himself witii great aud wise men ami made a league witii Hiram, King of Tyre. '\A commercial treaty was made by which Solomon engaged to furnish the Tyrian king with annual revenues of wheat, barley and oil, and Hiratn put at Solomon's disposal the skilled labour of an army of Sidonian woodcutters aud artisans." This was a great and costly structure for those primitive times. .Solomou's temple was famed for (he lavish costliness of its materials," but architecturally it was not worthy of comparison with our cathedrals una baa little claim tor pre-eminence when compared with the temples of Egypt and Greece — !)0ft. long, 35ft. across and -lot', high. There were four classes of workers employed in its construction (I) freeborn Israelites, 30,000 of these worked in the forest of Lcbauon in relays of 10,000 a mouth ; (2) the Phoenicians — Hiram's subjects — these were hired and clever artisans who received regular pay. (3) Then there were slaves, those takeu in war, those sold for deb', and those home bom (-1) and lastly the vassal Philistines or Catiauniics. It is said 70,000 burden-bearers ami 80,000 quarrymen were drawn from these vassals. " Iu the subteranneau quarries, in dim torchlight ami suffocating air they laboured without reward, perished without pity, and snlteren without redress. How cheap human tlesh was in those days ! Ilo.v marked the difference between class uml class ! Even Solomon's conception of brotherhood fell far short of ours aud ottrs is nut what it should be. " The tiuuse was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither." One of the finely be velled stones yet to bo seen is 3S-J- feet long, 7 feet high, and-weighs more thau 100 tons. This and other large stones were iu the wall surrounding the Temple, aud were quar ried from a place higher than the wall and lowered by rollers down an inclined plane. Solomon's Temple aud palace combined took over 20 years before they were com pleted. The Temple itself look 7) years. This is interesting compared with the news that it look 300,000 men 20 years to build one of the Pyramids and 200 years to build uml 100 yours to finally adorn the Temple of Diana of the Ephesians, and even our own Westminster Abbey took five centuries to reach its completion. This house of God rose in majestic silence. Ten thousand men always at woik in Lebanon's Forest. Great uoise yonder felling ami then dragged by road or river to the sea coast and there constructed iuto rafts ami floated 100 miles to Joppa and from Joppa hauled up the heights to Jerusalem 35 miles distant. Great noise, laborious effort, to eud iu the quiet of the Temple precincts. Great noise and bustling activity away in the distant quarries and at Ophcl where lodged the hewers and bevelkrs of stone, the cedar cutters, the bronze casl-rs ; those, also, who were cunning workmen in gold and brass ; the dyers and the weavers. Thousands of busy brains and hands and feet in those distant workshops, bill com parative quiet iu Jerusalem as month by month and year by year the temple was reared on the heights of Jit. Moriali. No workman's axe, uo pomlrous hammer rung. Like some tall palm the noiseless fabric sprung. " And the house when it was building was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither, so that there was neither hammer nor axo nor any tool of iron heard in the bouse while it was in building." This silent building was due no doubt to Religious reverence. Perhaps Solomon noted how t lie lilies of the field grew to perfection and sweetness in wondrous silence, that the sun daily rose in marvellous quietude, that the stars noiselessly shed their iigbl upon earth and so decided f hat the house of Jehovah should rise in silent and reverential beauty. This temple has been desciibed as "the forum, fortress, university aud sanctuary of the Jews, aud the transitory emblem oE the church of Christ's kingdom." And transitory it was, for it has loiig since passed away. LI. Solomon's Temple Pictures the Building up of the Temple of Life.— This structure was built according to desigu. so is life's turaplc. To fulfil that design it was necessary to enlist the sympathy ami the skill of Hiratn, King of Tyre, aud his skiled workmen and of thousands of Jewish and other workmen bond and free. There must be the long and perilous voyages for the gold of Ophir to embel- siwis ai w ouiiuVsf LUl hl'U LUavij' \>UUUd | and spices, for the shrubs and trees aud birds to beautify and make re- doleul with fragrance and resonant with song the temple groves. From far and near, from many climes, forces and materials were collected to complete the Temple of God. So each life may be com pared to a temple built in an awful yet beautiful silence. The materials are varied and arc brought to the builder from far and near, hour by hour, day by day, year by year Some of the foundation stones have been cut and shaped and polished in God's quarry of revelation. Other stones, large and small, for this human temple structure have been discovered aud polished in the parental home. Other materials— the pure gold, the precious stones and the solid heatus have come to us from our material and physical surroundings, from tire bills and valleys, sky and stars, flowers, and fields. Other stones, of all sizes, have come from daily contact with our friends and relatives and acquaintances. We have been moulded by our social environment. You have had thousands of thoughts duriDg the past months of this year. More- varied than the stars of night. Some more bcauti- fill (liail llifk (Iimdufc nf (lin Ivulrl Vlnivi r\ more precious than silver and gold. Some hat have had a moral lustre beyond that of (he diamond's flash' and some that have made us dark as night, fierce as . tigers, restless as the troubled sea and ugly as only sin can make us ugly. Some thoughts led us to bring others near to tho Light of the World : to the Bread of Life, to theStrenglh of tho weak, to the Saviour of men. Some of ibe stones which wc have placed iu life's temple, iu our character have been quarried from God's Book, the mine of truth ; some from Drummoud and Garlyle, Holmes and Ten nyson, Gladstone and Ruskin, and from him who sleeps not in "Scotia but on the summit of the lone Samoau mount." The thoughts, the materials which have crys tallised into constituent parts of'ourbeiug have come from widely distant realms, from mauy persons, through tnauy minds, in tnauy forms. Up to the present hour wc have built into our life's temple stones . prepared in Earth's quarries ; materials collected from all lands. We have indulged our tastes for literature. Wn have added to our structure stones prepared in the quarries of religion and science and philosophy, aud in the quarries of pure social converse aud inuocent joys and social amelioration. But the stones are not all well prepared and flawless. The material is not all solid aud precious. We have delved iu the forbidden quarries of questionable literature, iu the shallow, trashy uovet ; the evilly suggestive hook. We have too often built into our structure material that is morally faulty and certainly not flawless. All who nave influenced us have helped to build our character. Some of these prepared atones are iu keeping , with the Divine design. Many of them are! not, but sue fashioned according to earthly desigu. Tlte.y are sinfully faulty ; they have moral flaws. Let us only build our temple with stones fashioned according to the heavenly design. Let us strive to reach the perfect stature of our Lord the mail Christ Jesus. "There was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron beard in the house while it was in building." So is our life. It is a structure built in silence. The child — the hoy — the man. Everything developing in silence. It is a far more wondrous thing to build a character than tn hllilil II tnmnlfi TIipTd to nil annu.l r.f hammer nor axe nor t?0 auy tool as we pass through the stages of life. Thousands of workers busy fashioning thousands of stones, and we are carefully or carelessly filling them iuto our life's structure. And all this done daily as noiselessly as the coming of the light, tiie growth of the tree, or the passing of 'the shadows. Out of the silence many thoughts have cotne to us ill the past, out of the silence many more will come to us in. the future. The diu, the noise is iu life's quarries aud forests. Here there are many busy workmen. Here there is much material being fashioned aud prepared. But in conscious aud uncon scious silence we fit these stoues iuto the Human Temple. 0 let us be uareful as the Temple of Life slowly nears completion. Let us see that every stouu fits God's de sigu. That the gold aud thu silver and the cedar are the very best. Let us build die sacred edifice of character with the ma terials which come from Him in whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and know ledge. In building life's structure let us ever copy the Heavenly design as we view- it in the life of Him in whom dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily. Who though He was rich yet for our sake3 uccame poor mas we rnrougn ms poverty might become rich. And let us see to it that our bodies become Temples of the Holy Ghost. Iu the hour of active preparation for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, and when the national pulse is beginning to beat more quickly ami loyally, the shadow of death is over more than oue of our homes. After months of suffering, of hoping aud despair ing, a life well-loved and well-known, rich in early manhood's promise, has been cut off. The place that knew Charles Hugh Morrison knows liiin no more. For him the affectionate words of dear ones and the daily greetiuga of friends have ceased. Brought up in your inulst you kiiow linn well. During 27 years, with few intervals, lie passed iu aud out among you, familiar, pleasant, hopeful. Now torn from all that he held dear, from wife aud child, from parents and brothers jaud sister, by the relentless hand of death, we feel anew the mystery of suffering and dissolution, and we naturally ask unanswerable questions. If in this life only and .for it alone wo have hope, then in such a departure our hopes are crushed, our intellects are perplexed, aud to our earnest entreaty as to tile ivhy of the vacant chair and the whither of the human spirit there comes from that silent realm uo response. If man's highest nature and purest aspirations are not u mockery, then this must be, as poets have suug and philosophers have reasoned, only a passing on to a higher sphere, or, as our Lord cheerily asserts, a sleep, " our friend sleeps," to awake on the brightest morning that ever dawned in his experience, "and to know even as lie is known." Death is nut often enough thought of as a harbinger of God's glory, but it mu3t be so, aud to the Christian the coming of this awful shadow- is but the darkest hour before the spiritual dawn. The representative assemblage around the grave last Wednesday was eloquently expressive of the district's sym pathy with the bereaved relatives. There one of tho recently and apparently strong links of the golden chain of human love lay broken. There one of the silver strands of human friendship lay uuwouud, and the protector of two confiding lives — wife and child — could no more respond to love's entreaty. Sad indeed was the last sacred office of entombment, and sad also the floral expression of respect and love. In silence and resignation, aud in the mingling of sorrow's tears with the gentle rain, the last rites were performed over one, whose life of 27 summers, full of promise, ciusen lor us inueu ioo soon, iruiy, " rus sun went down while it was yet day." Sorrowing ones hope in the God of hope, who is not the God of the dead, but of the living, and listen reverently to the only voice that ever penetrated the silence of the tomb and explained the mystery of death. "I am the Resurrection and the Life ; he that helievctli on Me though lie die yet shall lie live : and whosoever liveth and beievetli on Me shall never die. Belicvest thou this V " Then, iu un dying hope, let each who lias "loved and lost" exclaim "I shall go to him, but lie snail not return to :i:c." A Gift ok Tobacco.— The Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C. has informed Mr Jas. Ingrain, J. P., that lie has obtained a donation of some 401b or 501b. of tobacco from the Customs department for the nse of the inmates of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum. This gift will be heartily enjoyed by the old men as there is nothing they find greater pleasure in than their pipes. 'Hie gift a'so means a saving to the institution, as tobacco is provided for the inmates' use. This is but another instance of the kindly interest the donor lakes iu the Ovens Benevolent Asyium. Complimentary. — The Minister of Mines has forwarded a letter to each of the party ot miners who worked so gallantly lo rescue Peter Pomeroy, who was entombed at the Argo mine, Sandy Creek. The Minister expresses his admiration of tha rescuing party's noble cauduet, and while regretting that Pomeroy was not rescued alive, states that it is pleasiug to find miners in the colony conspicuous by their bravery, and concludes by assuring them their conduct merits the. highest commen dation. A Novel Offer. — " It is difficult to be- ieve it, " says the writer of ' EntrcNous" in ' Truth, " " but the following letter is supposed to be geuuiuc, aud it is said that it was addressed to the Queen: — " Madam, — Having made several successful corners in oil, 1 have accumulated a fortune of many milliotia of dollars. My only daughter, MinneliahaJaue.is determined to ho present at your Jubilee procession, aud 'to gratify this wish I am prepared to give £100,000 to auy charity which your Majesty may select, if my Minnehaha is allowed to have a seat in your carriage ou that oceasiou. I may add that, in case this offer is accepted, your Majesty will have no cause to feel ashamed of Minnehaha Jane upon the score of clothing. — I remain, Madam, your obedient humble servant-, — George Wash ington Jones." The Health Statistics.— The health returns for the past fortuight submitted to the Board of Public Health ou Wednesday disclose a markud diminution in the number ftf nnsns nf fcvnhnid Mivmifvlintit f.lio as compared with tho previous fortuight The figures were 67 cases with 7 deaths in the first fortnight of June, as against 1J3 cases with 11 deaths during the last fort night of May. The decrease was mainly registered from the districts not metropoli tan. Io the metropolis the decrease was only 3 eases. Iu the fortnight ending 12th June, IS96, there were 62 cases with 12 deaths iu the colony. According to the returns regardiug scarlet fever, the epi-! demic is slowly hut steadily abatiug- During the last fortuight there were 2SS cases, including 4 fatal attacks, beiug a decrease of 11 cases over the previous fortnight, thongh an increase o 70 over the corresponding period of last year. Mr Perrin, Conservator of Forests, says terrible destruction has been caused to the forests by the formation ot village settle ments. The Mayor of Fitzroy has presented every child attending the public aud pri vate schools iu that municipality with a Jubilee medal at his own expense. Louis C. Lefebvre was again brought before the City Court ou a further charge of uttering a forged promissory note with | intent to defraud. I 