The Turf. Ib is Ptateü that Mt1. Samuel Hordern, of Sydney, coaaaiiBsionfd Mr. Power latu yoar to pnrahaae Blairfinde, a full brother of Galtee More, the English Derby winner, bun hw owner refused cu came a price. The horse is now stated to be worth ac least 10,000 guinea?. It ia a coincidence that within the last fe v woekö two T's, Talavera and Tom, won at Warwick F-trin (N. S. W ), Marie May and Miis N.ira, two M's, were successful ab Moorefield, and Devoted aod Delaware, two D's, were triumphant at Rind wick. Taos» who fancy such coincidences will find plenty of honed whoso names begin with the same letter amongst the Melbourne and Caulfield cups candi dates. Mr. James Wilson's two ypar-old Key gets the crusher of 10st. 7 b in the- Two vear-old Stakes at the "V. R C. Winter Meeting, which opens jnext Siturdrty. Ayrshire, Beverley, and Djta ho*d the lm, in the Winter Handicap with 9át. 41b. a piece. The Rosehill Cup field (43) was a record one for Australia. Ii would have been larger if the supply of light weights had held out, When Grace Darling won the Caulfield Cup, 41 started ; but a terrible accident reenlted. A race won by Tho Ghost in 1884 at Caulfiold abo had a fi^ld of 42. Mr. " Bob" Phillips, the well-known _Coolgardie bookmaker, whilo on a visit to Adelaide, received a wire from the West Australian police stating thab *his racer Golden King had been ' stolen. His answering telegram was characteristic, reading, " Don't worry . . . Wish they had stolen him a year Bgo." It is needless to add that the horse bas proved an expensive '"spec." for his " late" owner. ^Hodgkins, who rode Mr. Parvis' .Kí'se Thunaerer to victory in the 1\ rb Adelaide Handicap on Saturday, was presented with a gold-mounted whip, valued ab 30 guineas, the gift of Mr. Wballin, of the Exchange Hotel, Port Adelaide. Mnyor Tucker made the same presentation. Renfrcy's starting machine was tried at the Port Adelaide races. Tho Advertiser says of it: ~"It is certainly a very simple and effnciivo machine, carrying the screen rhjht away from the horses and up into ihe air in one qilick movement. The starter has merely to give a sii«ht puil that releases a lever and thu barrier flies . up. It is brought back to the lowered position agrün by one attendant only, as the f»r sido acts automatically with the ueí»r sido. Tho iuvnutor, Mr. J Renfrey, is in tho Water Supply Department), ar.d ho deserves to get the machine used in other places where occasional bitches occur wi; h the machines that aro now in use." The attendance at the P »rb r.-.ces wai estimated to be over 5000, Rod the amount that passed through the totalisfttor was £5302 aa against £5832 last year. Mr. John Crozier's fine colt Con- cussion, by Thunderbolt-Ionien, fv.r whom his owner gave 350 guineas, died on Saturday fi\>m a bowel affection. Concussion was entered for tho Mel- bourne Cup. The S .mth Australian horse Hrar Hear baa b?en acrntotn-d for tho Mi l bourne Cup, hut is lef-. i" the Caulthl.l Cup. Turracom has been scrntched for tho Grand National Steeplechase. 