Two Distinguished Exiles. Sometimes yott will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in London, and what recollections of New York under the reign of Tweed he brought-up 1 Those were great days for Hall, and fox men who were a great deal worse thas he. What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and what a "bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New Tork some twenty years ago. The older newspaper <men, politicians * and men aboat town will long remember its attractiveness. He would have been a rash, man in those days who would have attempted to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. . What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign' land, leaving behind him on the field of his early triumphs nothing frut shattered ambitions.- Yet this was to be. In a^mall cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day,I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not plestsant character Aiid oblivions tof his ^nnonndiugs. ~Ea bid an intellectual face, but oil it th6re > were deep lines that told of past suffer- 1 ings. His long hair was gray;—prema- turely gray. J3is shoulders were "best, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As he sat at the table he looked like a strong man borne down by the memory of some great sorrow of the past. Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, although it has been years* since I saw him before. It was Theodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Independent But how changed. In the days of iis popularity, tall, Meet, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old - mam He is doing some sort of literary work herei but no one seems to know just what. it is. J could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was more than a mere scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is -dead, so are others, among them some of the -lawyers and several of the jury. One Of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the. Cabinet of the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her husband, for she has the company .and sympathy of her «hiidreu. But Theodore Tilton haunts oufc-of-thewaj places in Paris, seeking -neither friends nor friendships, ft miserable tad broken man. ~ \ T 1 