hosf and War Dances In Montana. tbs custom, says the Nne Yo>k rilvne, upon tbe occasion of each Indian uprising at any of the Western gencies, to astign some special eause, iffering according to the circumstances, or the outbreak. In the case of the Cheyennes, who are now making trouble at the Tongue Birer Agenoy in Montana, is said that (he disturbance origirated tbe murder of a sheep herder by tbe Indians because they feared that be would inform against (hem for cattle stealing. There con usually be found, of course, some incident upon which fasten tbe outbreak, but the real cause of the IndiaD trouble lies deeper than tbis. At certain times, as the red man himself says,44Injun's heart gets bad." Very often this occurs in tbe spring, when the fresh, new grass hsB put the ponies into perfect condition, and when the mild weather has caused the masters to rhake off tbeir winter lethargy. 1 hen the aforsaid 44 bad " feeling manifests itself, and the Iodians desire nothing so mpph as to go forth and The killing of human beings would be preferable, as furnishing more excite ment, but booting, if it is good enough, offers a substitute which may he accepted- Thus, as long as tbe buffaloes lasted they prorided a means of outlet for the Indian's surplus destructive energy, hut now this resource has disappeared, and there is no otber legitimate hunting to compare with it. So when the oouncils and the dances have aroused every particle of warlike spirit in tbe hearts of the young braves, what more natural tbsu that it should be fouod easy lo pick quarrels, and that tbe thirst for the white man’s blocd, once oquired, should often take a long time and much effort to queoch P The ghost deuces and the war deuces be)d is the spring are always more effective than those at otber rimes of the year. Tbe Indians are pleased a t tba thought of being able to bold them out of doors aeaiu, after the close confinement which the oold of a Dakota or Montana winter enforces. An extra amount of vigor is infused nto tbnssvsge and grotesqae contortions1 f the dsooers, sod the spectators gaseas f they coofd not see enough of these ovements, which are suggestive to them f the highest type of valiant daring. ut it is perhaps after the danoeis ended hen the warriors are seated around in a •irole on tbe ground, that the fighting esire is worked up moat sorely and powerfully among them. The pipe of ood fellowship is first passed aronod in ileoce, eaoh Indian taking only three puffs, and then handon to his next neighbor. ast here it is interesting to note that the red man does not sipoke after the manner of t)ii'w bi(e brother. In the whole circuit which tbe pipe makes its mouthpiece ie never wet. The Indian merely lay* the end of tbe stem against his lower lip, and, with his mouth partly open, draws a deep breath. Removing the pipe, he exhales this smoke, an^ then perhaps lays tbe stem \o bis lip for a second puff, but never does be put the mouthpiece into his month, in tbe common white man's fashion. If ask*d to smoke* peaec-pipeafter a white pan be first wipes off the end of the pipe stem where it bps been in the previous smoker's month. To return to the circle which is formed after tbe dance. band rises and strides into the centre of the group. W hen he has fixed tbe attention of all, b e begin* to recite the brave dred* which he ha* accomplished in war, illustrating his remark^ with a most picturesque variety of gestures, and iertaial^ allowing his story to lots nothing iu tbe telling. As be talks, the eyes of the young braves glow, and tbeir features work wiib excitement and a desire to emulate such achievements. The fact that the Indian habitually represses his emotion* need lead no oue to doubt their .strength, and the amount of prnl-up energy whioh is expressed iu the attitudes Offthese young brave* is enough to make the civilised epectator lbudder *i be thinka of the savage expression it might find. At the conclusion of the speaking, lite r all the famous mfn of th?, Sid have recited similar experiences to those of the first orator, tbe excitementii interne. Then it is, and sometimes for many days afterwards, that the Indians are to be dreaded, for they are ready to seise upon almost any pretext to pick a quarrel with the whiteB. _ I t is the opinion of zuaoy people experienced in Indian affairs that newly all of the difficulties arise from this uncontrollable fighting ardor of tbe young men of the tribes. They bav© heard their tethers tell so often of tbe glories of killing the white men twenty years ago, at the time of tbe Ouster massacre and other noted fights, that • bey feel as if they must also achieve something of tbe sort or forfeit a reputation for bravfcry. 