AT7HT DOROTHY'S LETTER. My dear Nephews and Nieces— • . . It is not necessary for me to tell you, I sup Eose, that rats are "very cunning; most of you ave, I Bhould think, been able to see that for yourselves, and if not, you have, no doubt, read of their smart tricks in your school books, such as the way in which they, will get oil out of a cask or flask. , I will, however, just mention this in case some of you should not have heard of it. Bats have, been known to get oil out of a vessel when the oil was too low for them to reach it with the mouth, and this is how it is done. One rat will stand on the edge of the vessel with his; back tqwards the oil, lower his tail into it, draw it up covered; with oil, and then allow a companion to lick it off,' and the one who has enjoyed the feast, when he has had enough, will then do the "dipping" business and allow the other to feast on the oil. In this way they will continue : to work at intervals until the oil gets too low for their tails to reach it. There were once in England a lot of; rats in a house that caused a great ideal of' trouble and gave a number of people a great fright, leading those living in the house , to suppose that there was a gho3t in the place on account of the great noises that .were heard there every night. ' These noises were always heard in the lower part of the ,huuse and it was thought that at some time or other a crime must have been committed there and .that the place was haunted by the ghost of the murdered person. At last, the old lady who owned the house determined to find out what was the cause of all the noise, and having armed her servants and provided' herself with a brace of pistols she sat up all night to keep watch. .There was no noise that night, nor the next; and although some of the household: sat up for several nights nothing more was heard. ;Sopleased was.the old lady at having "laid the. ghost" that- sho invited several friends to her house and, gave a dinner' to ;• celebrate her victory. In honor of the occasion she re solved to open a cask of wine which had long been hoarded in. the cellar. • Keys in band and attended by her butler she went down to the , cellar. -. The peg was pulled out of the cask, but no wine came. The butler rapped on,-.'the; cask with -his knuckles, but only, a hollow sound came—the cask: was empty. On examining the cask With the aid of a light .teeth-marks were . found on •/ the. staves, and these could not Wave: been made by any other : animals than. rats. 'They had, by . gnawing at the,.- cask/ got at the wine - and - no doubt -.; made : drunk by:the large quantities theyhad taken,of a drink to which they Were- so- unaccustomed bad "carried on" as drunken people; will do, knocking things -about and. making-,terrible noises and strange, sounds, which caused people ,to think.;that the house was- haunted.- It is curious that the: lady only. niade up her, mind to watch just as the cask was emptied and the noises, ceased, but. so it was. The cask was placed in the. museum of the -late -Mr. Buck land j; the celeorated English, naturalist, who was the first to make the facts ,known to .the :Publie. - - , " ■*■■■ Let us now see what letters have been this week chosen from My Letter Bag. ;'W 'WW':/"". [Nodate.] Dear Aunt Dorothy—I am glad to write to you again.. I have something very, pretty. to . tell you about' our cockatoo; we have taught him to say— "Charley, had boy," and last week my brother Charley wi3 so pleased his school holidays were so near that every time he passed the cocky ue said— "Charley's holidays next week, cocky.' To my father's great surprise on Saturday morning, when he Jifted the cocky out of the kitchen, lie said— " Charley's holidays next week ; Charley bad boy." My father was pleased ; he.-said co' ky was quite light, holidays and had boys vveiit together, but mother says Charley* must let father Bee tuat cocky is wrong, by being a good boy all through the holidays. 1 hope you will print, this letter next yveeic, dear 'Aunt.Dorothy; I think some of your little folks will like to read it and perhaps tell you something in return. Vfith loving wishes for your-Christmas and the .New Year and for Uncle George— Ybur loviusr I Umma Noktony ; P.S.—Isehd Is. for the Home. .■ . .. i ..Sly ageis i2years.'"v.''''. What ^.-pleasure it must be for you, my dear Emilia, to have such a clever cockatoo;' 1 hope your brother during his holidays will try to act as your dear mother wishes him to and show your father that he was wrong, as far as Charley', is concerned," in his remark that '"holidays and bad hoys go together.'"1- I see you forgot to ditto yourletter, my dear Emma, and as JL do not remember having- received a letter from .you boiore, 1 cannot, put- at the head of it the .place irom which you have written. Thank von,, my dear Emma, loryour subscription towards the Home. \- l Amvton, December 13, ISO". ■ Hear Aunt Dorothy—Niece lalsie iiiandt in her cller to you last w eel: told you :;v story about a cle\ ei cat. I am g lag .to,do so this! wceit. ''llio cat I am going to tell you about is of a light brown andyellow color, When Tom first made his appearance he cause from some unknown quarters. We all' thought'he was a vei y pretty cat aqd, having "our parents' con sent, we decided to keep him. _ 1'om soon showed his .character.to be of a very noisy kind. After a.tinic (when Tom' grew worse instead, of•. better) we look him to a place 5 miles away, but he was back agaiu the next' day. boon alter: we were going'to see a frieuU living in a hilly country* 10; miles distant. In three days Torn was.houie, again! -One day we were going to a place 22 miles away in a very rough and hilly country.. AVc did not seelXqiii for a long time after that, buloue night—d8 months after—lie arrived safelyyiione the worse for his experience. We have Tom'stiil and we shall keep liim for the rest of his life, for this is to lie his future home, lathel "thought liim very clever and told ns he Would ahvavs keep him. . I will now conclude. -From your, sincere Fdorrie Ward. P.S.—ITy age is 13 years Is it net wonderful, my dear Home, hov, cats can find their wav liome from .a long distance-without anyone to guide them? I have often heard of cats returning home after being taken away some live or six ruilesj but your account of your cat having found its way back over 10 miles of country 'surprised me; and as that fact surprised me you cam readily understand how astonished I was to read'that your cat had 'returned after being taken away 22 miles. I think he deserves to be kept in a home to which he is so: much attached. - Mundoora, December 17, 1897. Dear Aunt Dorothy—I 'think it is a long time since Iwrote.to you before, so I thought 1 would write another letter and-wish'you and Uncle George a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. : Dear Aunt Dorothy, since I wrote to you last niy dear grand mother died. She was 82 years and (i months old. I haven't any grandmother now. \Ye all loved her very much. My little baby sister is well. My sisterFlorrie wrote to you and sent you a pair of baby's woollen boets for the bazaar. Did you get thein all right V She would like to know.' With love to you and Uncle -I remain jour loving niece. .Oliv.b Lillian Cdesson. Aged 10 years and 3 months. r Thauli you very much, my dear' Olive, for your good wishes, and your Uncle George de; sires to thank you also. We both hope that you, as well as all our other nephews and nieces, will have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. , 1 vvas sorry to hear of the death of your dear grandmother. To what a good old"age she lived. You must miss her very much. Please tell your sister that the articles for the bazaar arrived safely and give her my thante for them. Mona, December 1, 1897. Dear Aunt Dorothy—We are not going to school to day because there are hot winds and it is very dusty, so 1 thought 1 would like to write to you.' 1 am try ing lor a prize. I am .in the third class now. We were going to have all the school children's likenesses taken to-day, but 1 don't think they will do it as it is so very dusty. We had our Sunday-school anniver sary about a month ago. . We all got prizes.; Mine was called " Choosing her Way." It is a pretty story. We have two cows, but neither is in milk. We have our dog Sover yet, two canaries ana a young one. 1 will not be able to write again before Christmas, so I will wish you and Uncle George a Merry Christmas I and a Happy New Year. -I remain your loving} Gertie R. BoihweHu . Aged 9 years 4 months. .: The hob winds and dust kept you from school, my dear Gertie, and therefore it was unfortunate that they happened to come on a schoolgoing day, but it would not be nice of me to complain, because it Beems I should not have had your welcome letter but for your being prevented from attending schooL I was glad to be told that you got a prize. at your Sunday-school anniversary and that you are pleased with it. Your Uncle. George and I thank you,- my dear Gertie, for your good wishes for Christmas and New Year and re turn the compliment most heartily. UmgEraiana, November 29, 1897. Dear Aunt Dorothy^Ve were so pleased to see my brother Don's letter printed, but he did not tell you about any of our pets. We have got two nice parrots one my dada carried on his horse 20 miles for my sister seven years ago, and one my mother had given to her two years ago; and we have two dogs—one of them will jump over my brother's back and sit up and bring his hat to him. His name is "Scot;" he iB a dear old fellow, butl would like to tell you of a dear old dog my dada bad, but my letter might be too long. I was going to send you 4d., hut my sister gave meSd. more, so I ata sending you is. 1 was 8 years | old on the 25ih of November. -x our ,-lovimr-.little SUSIB EUZAEETII HUGHES. It was very nice ot you, my dear Susie, to tell me about your pets, as your brother had not done so. .That dog " Scot" appears to be a capital jumper-and very smart in other ways. I hope you ; will tell me in .your next letter about the dear old dog your dada had. - I shall be very glad to hear about him. You will, I suppose, have seen, my dear' Susie, that the receipt of the subscription yon sent towards the1 Home has already been acknowledged. 1 thank you fpr it and must ask you to give my thanks to your dear sister for what she sent. Corraberra Station, November 20,1S97. Dear Aunt Dorothy—Last week I was reading one of your pretty stories you told us about a horsB who coutdpump water-; when-it'wanted adrinki I think it is true, because fone day 1 was playing with our little pup and I got a bone and tied it to the pump handle; then pup would come and pull and bite the bone, and the handle would go up and down just a, if you bad bold of it and were trying to puuip it, but the water did not come out because it did hot go auick enousrh. This is all the news this time. So with love to you and Uncle George -I.remain your | loving niece, 7 . S Florence Hooax P.S.—I am sending you 6d. for the Home. - : I am 12 years and 4 months old. . :: There is no doubt, my dear Florence, that the story I told my nephews and nieces about the horse pumping _ water (to which you refer in your letter) is quite true, but you could not expect to teach your puppy to do work of that kind, as he would not be strong enough to work the handle so as to make the water flow.. Thank yovij my dear Florence, for your sub scription towards the Home. As you have no doubt seen, its receipt bos been acknowledged already. The above is the last instalment of letters in i connection with the Fourth Letter Competition, and the prizes will be sent out next week; but, as Itold you last week, there is to be a ; : - Fifth Letter Competition, " about which I then gave you the particulars. However, I think it would be as ,well to re peat a portion of what I then' said,- so that there may be no mistake about the matter. Here, is a: portion of my last week's letter, which I hope you will' read attentively and* make- yourselves well ac quainted with what I wish you to do; and I bavo no doubt you will all respond most readily. The prizes will be 6s. for the best letter, 5s. for the second best, 4s. for the third, 3s., for the fourth, and 2s. for the fifth. The conditions are as follow:—No letter must ex ceed 250 words exclusive of date, signature, &c.; the letters must be written on one side of the paper only and- each must give the age of the writer. The letters for this" compe tition wiil be those appearing during1 January, February, and March next. As nearly all of my nephews and nieces have j animal pets,; and those who have not appear to;! love animals, I think it would be well to get them to relate anecdotes about any clever things they have seen them do, and I propose : in this competition , to give the prizes to the writers of the best letters about clever things that their animals (or even insects) have done. In judging the letters I intended to be guided not altogether by the interest attaching to the story itself, but the way in which the story is told will also bo considered. I scarcely need say, I suppose, that the letters must bo com posed by the writers themselves and without assistance from their elders. I can, I am sure, my dears, depend upon you to observe this rule. y..-:. \- Before closing my letter I wish to tell you that I have this week received .from Nephews Allah and Frank Shawyer, of. Southwark, a number of very pretty picture-books for the weak-minded children. These I have: sent to the hdn.'sec,; for the Home and before this is in print they will be in the hands of the children for whom they were intended. and will, I am sure, amuse them very much. In a short note accompanying the books the givers: say: very prettily—"We have com menced our holid ays " and are ha ving a good old time. We want the weak-minded chil dren to have some pleasant times and so we are sending" you some books "to help them to be happy also." And this, remark about holi-. days reminds me, to tell you how glad I shall be to get letters from you telling me of your doing3 during your holidays. Again wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year (a wish in which your Uncle George joins most heartily) believe me to be, my dear nephews and nieces. Yours most affectionately, ' Aont Dorothy. 