ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE WO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (Prom the 'Australian Workman.') Our representative made his way to the home af Mr. Thomas Jams, 45 Crown-lane, Ultime. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known, residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was dis covered nursing a baby, and his face de clared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : ' You want to Know all about my case 1 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell yon. The faetu may be of value to those who are strioken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' About five-and-half years ago I met with au accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to foil, and after four years of gradoal development of Loco motor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ? ' 'Simply indescribable. Tho pains wore something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw was cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering aad shaking, and conld neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. '? I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well over since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was ettending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to eaee the agony I was in. I was under him for five weeks. He enme to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locouiotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of spinal cord, chararao terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and thatl might never get the use of my leg.'.' (Just ihan the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show thft medical opinion is not in fallible.) ' Well, just as a drowning man will giasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea 'conveyed by the advertisement des cribing the cure effected in tho caqe of another boilerrnaker in England, which I read in tho ' Australian Workman,'' by Dr. Williams' Pink' Pills for Pale People.. I read in the advertisement of a caso which seemed to fit my own. I determined to givo .Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyhow, and sent for a box. The effeot was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tun first appetite and ro.-t I bad for mnny a day. It was incredible. I ' immediately left tbc bed and was able to move about. When taking the fiffh box I was able to walk about with the aid of s stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutchss there * They are per fectly pew, and I never used them. They were made for mi* before I got the Pills, ? but I was too weak ti use them, and now I don't want them.' Mrs. .}arn\\--, who had come in and taken the baby on her knee?, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another rann of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that.Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' bare a cold batb, and all tho feeling has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a Boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I hsve been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the chaoge and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pniu now whatever, and feel like a new tnan. On the mantiepiece there i3 a box of Opium and Morphia Pills whieh the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But tbey can slay where they are, for.,1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo has, been amazed at tho cbange in mo They can hardly believe their eyes. My Loing about again has caused quite a sensation'ont here.' WHAT MR. LABOR-LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.P., leader of tho labor putty in tho N.S.W. As sembly, ;was also seen in connection with theremarkable case of Mi1. Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known Jarvio from infancy. He a'so kuew that he bad to give up his work at the Glebe Island abattoirs owiug to a malady which he developed. He afterwards hoard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was littlo chance of his recovery. He j understood Jarvis was refused admis sion to the Sydney Hospital, r.s his case had been pronounced iucnrable. Mr. M'GoweD, was, thersforo, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Polo People do not stop short at the onre of looomotor ataxia ; they positively cure rheumatism, lumbago, and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as antuuiia, poor ard watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. Tboy ore not a pnrgative medicine, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Company, , Queon's-place, Sydney, who will forward J (post paid), on receipt of stamps or r.ost ; order, 1 box for 2s 9d or half-dozen for'' 15s 3d. j 