BRIEF MENTION. War ! Turkey swallowing Greece. "Alice," where art thou? No prospects of any rain yet. Concert at Broadwater to-night. Highland Gathering very successful. New barber started business in Coraki. A Debating Class to be formed at Coraki. The drought in the Fiji Islands has broken up. A thunderstorm passed over Coraki on Wednesday last. Red is the colour which can be distinguished at the greatest distance. 145 pigs were killed at the creamery works, Byron Bay, in one week. Meeting of Dairymen's and Farmer's Associa- tion at Coraki to-morrow. The medal presented to Piper McKenzie on Monday night was richly deserved. The present drought is not, says Mr. Rus- sell, so severe as that of 1884, 1885, and 1886, when the whole of the Macquarie district was covered with carcases of cattle. The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale leaves Armidale this week for Victoria, where he will preach and lecture on behalf of his diocese. The Bishop has been invited to visit Wagga, Goulburn, and Muswellbrook. Dr. Green will return in June, and make a two months' visitation to Grafton and the parishes on the coast. Mr. J. C. Wilcox was the only candidate nominated for the extraordinary vacancy in the Grafton Borough Council. Miss Lily Stewart, daughter of Mr. A. Stewart, of Millera Station, last week had a fall from a horse, which rendered her uncon- scious for eight hours. She also received some severe contusions about the head and body. Heavy floods have occurred at Hawkes Bay, New Zealand, within the past week, and great danage done. Two men were drowned, and two boats containing ten men are missing. At an auction sale of dairy cattle at Lis- more last Saturday, a three-quarter bred Jersey heifer fetched £10 17s 6d. In connection with the recent complimentary concert to Miss Constance Evelyn, in Sydney recently, the executive committee held a final meeting last Thursday, when a cheque for £115 10s was handed to Miss Evelyn. The young contralto proceeds to England by the R.M.S. Himalaya, leaving Sydney on May 10th. Mrs. Parrish's house at Foxground, Kiama, was totally destroyed by fire last Tuesday afternoon. The drought is being severely felt in the Wilcannia district. On one holding alone sheep are dying at the rate of a thousand per day. Within a radius of one hundred miles the conntry has the appearance of a desert. In the Sydney Presbytery, a motion by the Rev. G. MacInnes, that the presbytery over- ture the General Assembly to pass a Declara- tory Act that there is nothing in the laws of the Church or constitution to prevent wo- men otherwise eligible, from sitting upon committees of management, was lost upon a division of 16 to 14. A military tax has been imposed on all residents aliens in France; at the rate of 3 per cent., payable monthly. The proceeds of the tax are devoted to the necessities of the needy wives and families of those under arms. The Town Council of Newcastle-on-Tyne has decided to purchase 10,000 blocks of Australian mahogany and 10,000 blocks of bluckbutt, for wood-paving purposes. The price to be paid is £5 15s per load, and the selection of the wood is to be left to Mr. R. W. Richards, City Surveyor, of Sydney. The natives employed on famine relief works in the north-west provinces of India have been reduced by 600,000 in number. The Jewish Feast of the Passover com- menced last Friday night. It will be con- tinued uutil to-morrow (Saturday) night. A little girl named Eliza Healey died at Newcastle from injuries received by running against a sharp stick on Merewether Beach. William Nicholls, an aboriginal prisoner at Nurrabri Gaol, attempted to commit suicide on Friday by cutting his throat with a razor. Indignation is expressed in Tasmania at the action of three of the Tasmanian delegates at the Federal Convention voting against their colleagues on the right of the Senate to amend money bills. The quantity of coal shipped at Newcastle to ports outside of the colony for five days in last week was 48,849 tons. During a recent hailstorm at Douglas Park iron roofs were pierced by the hailstones and scores of geese and fowls were killed. At Lismore Land office on the 15th instant the following selection was taken up : — Michael Milgate, Coraki, 80 acres, unmeasured land, parish Coraki, county Rous. At a meeting of the Armidale Agricultural Society, it was decided that the amalgamation between the Glen Innes and Armidale Societies, should be continued. Northern Convocation recently presented an unedifying spectacle (says an English paper) when approving of a prayer for the use of the Church on June 20, when the Queen com- pletes the sixtieth year of her reign. The prayer was declared unintelligible by both the Dean of Ripon and the Archdeacon of Dur- ham. One member complained that the printer's errors were legion, und intimated his wish to move 48 amendments. The house agreed to adopt the form, however, subject to the correction of all the typographical errors, and that "capital letters would be inserted where reference was made to the Almighty." The devil has generally been credited with doing the burning, but New York Salvation- ists have burned the devil — in effigy. "His sorrows," says an American journal, "will be none the less, for, like the phoenix, he can rise from his ashes." The Rev. R. F. Becher, B.A., has accepted the postorate of the Parramatta Congregational Church. The attendance at the Sydney Show last Saturday was estimated at between 16,000 aud 17,000, and the gate receipts were £750. The next development in theology, accord- ing to the Rev. Walter Mathison, B.A., will be towards a clearer conception of the power and work of the Holy Ghost, when the Church "will get out of all the gush that has un- fortunately till now surrounded the concep- tion of the operation of the Holy Ghost." What is religion coming to ! The New York papers have taken to publishing what different people wear to church. The family of the richest man in America, Mr. J. D. Rocke- feller, was the plainest dressed of the whole crowd on a particular Sunday. Mr. Rocke- feller, who is widely known in connection with his founding of the University of Chicago, has just offered to give £50,000, a little more than half the whole amount, to the American Baptist Missionary societies on condition that they will extinguish their debt before July 1st. A crushing of 12 tons from the Christmas Gift, Bucca Creek, yielded 44oz 12dwts gold. As a result of self- denial week, on behalf of the Bishopric Endowment Augmentation Fund, £82 ls 4d was collected at Armidale, und £60 at Grafton. It was decided that the control of the Post and Telegraphic service of the colonies should be vested in the Federal Parliament. Mr. J. C. P. Walsh's tender has been ac- cepted for bridge over Byron Creek, on the road Possum Shoot to Brooklet. Harry Phillips, aged 26, while bathing at Manly on Easter Sunday, suddenly disappear- ed, and it is surmised was taken by a shark, as the body was not recovered. In Sydney on Monday last a quarrel oc- curred on board the ship Westgate, between two sailors named Larsen and Johnson. The latter struck Larsen with a razor, cutting his throat, and Larsen succumbed in a few min- utes. Johnson was arrested, and at an in- quest held the following day a verdict of wil- ful murder was returned against him. Advices from China report a brutal attack upon a Catholic priest, who was knocked down in the street for taking up the cause of a Chinaman who was being brutally attacked, and whose eyes had already been beaten out by means of a chop-stick at the end of which was fastened a bunch of needles. It is said the priest's eyes were simply jabbed out. 