The Salvation Army, VISIT OP COMMANDANT H, H. BOOTH. A SUCCESSFUL MEETING. PROPOSED PRISON GATE BRIGADE AND RBSOUE HOME. Commandant Booth, since his arrival in the colony, has been hard at work paying visits of inspection to the chief centres of work in which the Armv are engaged. Thus it is tbat so soon after his arrival he has visited Bathurst, which is considered to be one of the most important districts in the group. A farm has been established at Wimbledon, about 18 miles from Bath urst, at which place it is proposed to employ many of the men who are re claimed and reformed, and as the Com mandant is particularly enthusiastic on the question of social reform it was only natural that on the occasion of his first visit he should spend some time on the farm. He passed through Batburst on Wednesday night spending all yesterday, in company with members of his staff, on the farm, surveying and laying out plans for extensions, alterations and improve ments. He returned by the ' Limerick' yesterday afternoon, and was met at the station by a large concourse of people. The Salvation Array mustered in good force, and as their Australian leader was recognised be was greeted with loud and ringing cheers and hallelujahs. The Commandant briefly thanked the friends for the reception they had accorded, and a procession having been formed the ' Blood and Fire Company' marched towards the barracks, while the Commandant was driven to the residence of Staff Captain Turner and subsequently met the soldiers at the barracks where all had tea together, and a short address was delivered to the soldiers. Soon after 7 o'clock the ranks were reformed and paraded the principal street with banners flying, drums beating and instruments sounding. Having arrived at the School of Arts' Hall they marshalled to their seats. The hall had already be come well filled, and before the proceed ings began there was a large attendance of Salvationists and the general public, all of whom took an interest in the proceed ings. Amongst those on the platforn, seated with the Commandant, were Colonels Kilbey and Estill, Staff Captain Turner, and a hoast of other officers. Rev. A. J. Webb (Wesleyan) and Rev. J. Worboys (Baptist) were the only repre sentatives of other religious bodies on the platform. The proceedings began with singing a hymn, the Commandant and a companion playing accompanyments on concertinas. Prayer was offered by an officer and Rev. A. J. Webb, after which Captain McClure, a lass, sang a solo, the company joining in the chorus. Colonel Kilby took the opportunity of saying a word of welcome to the Com mandant. It was nine years since he had visited Bathurst, and he now recognised the faces of many old friends and com rades. He was pleased to be present with the Commandant who felt it was due to Bathurst to pay an early visit to 30 important a centre in the vast tertitory over which he had command.— Cheers. He had not yet visited some three of the colonies, and he prayed that God would bless his coming amongst them, and that his visit would be memorable in spiritual results. — Applause. — The Commandant had already made his reputation known throughout the world. He had bad control of the English training system, and 2000 men had passed through his hands and sent out into different parts of the world as reclaimed —Applause. — He had also had the important command of the Army in Great Britain, Canada, Newfoundland, and other places of importance, and he was proud to know he had struck the right people at last. — Cheers and laughter. — One of the greatest compli ments the General could have paid Aus tralia was to send the Commandant as head of the Army here. — Cheers. — They were proud of their General. — Hallelujahs and cheers. — Ha hoped that their com rades as well as the general public would show their practical sympathy in helping forward the social schemes which the Commandant was desirous of establishing. —Cheers. Staff-Captain Turner, on behalf of the Bathurst Corps and the 22 stations in the western district, accorded to the Com mandant a hearty welcome. — Cheers. — The motto on the flag over their heads was not mere sentiment, but it was an ex pression from the heart. Many of the officers and soldiers from a distance had written expressing regret at being unable to attend. He was thankful to have the opportunity of thus early welcoming the Commandant to Bathurst. — Cheers. — Bathurst was a grand place. The Army had done a great deal here already and intended doing a great deal more and he believed God would help them to move the enemy and bring Salvarion into the hearts of the people. The visit of the Commandant was an inspiration to them, and with such a leader increased courage was given to them in their work, for they were determined to win the colonies for God. On behalf of the Western district the soldiers of Bathurst pledged them selves to support the good old flag — the yellow, red and blue.— Ringing cheers. Colonel Estill said it was a proud, as well as a pleasant, duty for him to join with the other officers in welcoming the Commandant on behalf of the Salvation Army in tho colony. He bad had the pleasure and honor of working under his command before, and while he was new in his command in Australia he was no new leader to him (the speaker). He had gained his afiectiona and confidence and after a lapse of years it was a pleasure to fight again under him.— Cheers.— It was witht great pleasure that he heard of the General's decision to send the Comman dant here, and he had no doubt that hia efforts would meot with success. — Cheers. — He had been received with open arms in every direction, and they were ready to obey his command. In this he waa voicing the sentiments of tho Army throughout the whole of the vast colonies. Although they did not wish to monopoliss thn whole of the commandant's time in New South Wnlos yet he hoped ho would spond as much time as practicable, with them.— Applause. — He had shown bis appreciation of Bathurst by paying a visit soon alter his appointment and he was sure the Bathurst public would not be behind in showing their appreciation of the work the Army were undertaking, but would respond to the prayers by practical sympathy. Bathur6t had been knocking at the door of the Army for some time asking for something to be done in regard to the social life of the city. The Com mandant was determined to do something practical. — Cheers. — His earnest heart work was int his department of the Army's work. He offered the Commandant a cordial welcome and assured him that he had met with friends who were ready to obey his biddings, and that they would prove themselves true to their professions. — Cheers. Commandant Booth then rose to speak and at the suggestion of Colonel Kilby the audience rose and enthusiasti cally received him by crying out with considerable force the word ' Welcome.' He said that he deeply appreciated the kind words that had been uttered by the previous speakers, and the hearty welcome the friends bad accorded him in this the third city of the Aus tralasian colonies. — Cheers.— He had heard a good deal of Bathurst, and amongst the first petitions which were presented to him after he took command was one from Bathurst asking for some thing to be accomplished on social lines. He congratulated Bathurst on being so well to the front in this nsw campaign. — — Loud cheers. — He had full confidence in believing that the efforts made in this direction would meet with success, He thanked them for the reception they had accorded him because it made him a stronger, wiser and bolder soldier than he was before. Sympathy was a wonderful incentive to perseverance and he thanked them for their sympathy. The sympathy of an audience often had more to do with the success of a speaker than anything else, and their sympathy would not be lost on him, but it would make him a more able leader and truer friend. — Cheers. — He had found the Australians a whole souled generoua people, and although he bad been in the colonies but a few months yet be was closely attached, and dearly loved the people. — Cheers.— In this he was like his father the General — cheers — for all knew that Australia had a warm spot in his heart. At the great welcome meeting in Exeter Hall after his return from the colonies, he told the 25,000 soldiers who were gathered there that they had better treat him kindly or he would go back again to Australia. — Lau- ghter and cheers. — Although they were whole souled generous and hospitable yet he could not satisfy all. — Laughter. — It was hard to satisfy some people, and notwithstanding what was done they would grumble. Some appeared to be born squealers, and others with a twist in the eye. Others had different deformities of character and such would be satisfied with nothing. They were born to pick holes in everything and could not believe in anything beyond what their small brain could comprehend. That was the reason some would not understand God or religion nor would they believe in anything done by the Salvation Army. He would give some idea of the belief and tenets of bis creed. He believed in God as a Father, Son and Holy Ghost. It was this belief that made the Salvationists brave soldiers and bold warriors in their work. He also believed in the devil. He believed in Australia and was proud of it. He felt as though he had lived here for twenty- five years. Some said this was blarney, but it was not ,* for a man could be as earnest as a new lover as one of older growth. In this he was reminded of a story in a Sunday school class in which a lad 14 years of ago, who did not know who mads him, was reproved by his teacher because a youngster of six could answer the ques tion. In Jreply to his teacher's taunt the dunce said ' And so he ought to know. It is not long since he were made.' Laughter. — One thing why he was so enthusiastic about Anstralia was because it was not long since he was made. He believed in the Salvation Army because of its practicability, and the desire of its members to roll up their sleeves and go down into the cesspools of society and lead men to self-respect and Godli ness. He liked to hear of the lasses going down into the slums of the great cities with the Bible in one hand aud the scrubbing brush in the other, and as they knelt and scrubbed the dirty filthy floors of the places in which some unfortunate creatures lived they sang the Gospel. He believed that the scrubbing-brush was as strong a medium to drive the word of God along, as the Prayer Book or even a sermon, He believed that work was more powerful in this regard than talk. — Cheers. — Another reason why he believed in and loved the Army was because of its peculiarity. Peculiarity was no disadvan tage to movements, for all new movements were peculiar at the outset. Some at first said the Army would never go, but now they were saying it would never stop. — ' Hallelujah and cheers'— They could not put up with the peculiarity of dress, address and manner. Some people got into ruts and grooves and anyone who ventured outside these were told it was a mistake. The speaker went on to allude to the dress of the Salvation Army lasses and to draw comparisons between the ' coal scuttle ' bonnet and general appearanct and the dress and marvellous make up of the present up-to-date lady of the land. Did they ever conceive the marvellous make up of the constituent parts and mechanism of the up-to-date woman.— Laughter. — He once attempted to take stock of one and became lost in bewilder ment aa he saw the straw, the beaks, feathers, wings, and skeedcrs about the head, tho fur, the hooks, eyes, gusaettB, tucks, laces, ropos and pulleys of the dress, and the pufl and powder of the face. — Laughter and applause. — He thought the old nursery rhyme could be revised and they should now sing— ' Ride n cook hovso to Brnnbury oross To boo a flno lady on ti high horao With ringB on hor fiiiRors nnd paint on her noao, BiiIIooiib on her uhouldorn and Iiuwb on lior tom.' — Laughter. — Could anything be more peculiar thnn this, and yet (hose people complained of tho dress .of the Salvation ists. He believed in the Army bo cause of the victory it was destined to win.— Cheers.— They were going to have victory of a pronounced character in Bath. urst. He had that day visited and in spected the farm at Wimbledon, where they hoped soon to have at work [a num. ber of men. They were anxious to do something for thn discharged prisoners such as was done in London — applause. The speaker went on to refer to the great iuterest taken in this forward movement by Mr. Gladstone and his son Herbert, who were both enthusiastic lovers of the Army. — Applause. — In an institution fonnded in London there had passed through hundreds of ex-criminals some of whom had served long sentences in gaol but who were now reformed and good members of society. The only inducement offered to these men was the prosuect of hard work, good living and an opportunity of clambering up out of the vortex of crime into which they had fallen to a better state of life. With all at this institution the authorities never had oc casion to call in the assistance of the police, although there were there some of the oldest and worst characters. It was astonishing to know that after three years test goo of such characters had passed through the institution, and So per cent of them were reclaimed and had become good and reputable citizens.— Cheers.— The Army did not believe that because a man was once branded with Her Majesty's brand that he should go under and be thrown over by society. Society often turned its back on such and acted as though for them there was nothing but the life of the beast. What such wanted was not only penalty but reformation and this would be accomplished by their being shown that the lova of God was manifest in the hearts of the people, and that there was a desire to help tham to better things. The Salvation Army had done this in other colonies and would do it in New South Wales, — Cheers.— In Victoria the Government assisted the Army in a practical way because they realised that the'system of reclamation and reformation meant a saving to society in every way. He hoped that the day would soon come when this Government would follow the example set. Some argued that if the Government assisted the Army they would have to assist others as well. He agreed that all who successfully carried on such work should receive assistance, and suggested that ae in the case of ordinary Government work where tenders are called for, so in this matter tenders should be called and assis tance given to those who carried on this work most successfully and with greatest economy. The Army wanted permission to enter the gaols and interview the priso ners before leaving, but at present this was not allowed because there was no Salvationists in gaol. The Army would save the State hundreds of pounds in the work they had taken up. They hoped to be able to employ men on the Wimbledon Farm and fit them to become better citizens. All they wanted was the oppor tunity to communicate with the prisoners prior to their discharge. Another work in which they intended doing something practical was the rescue of fallen women. He concluded by again thanking the audience for their courtesy and kindness, and resumed his seat amidst a volley of hallelujahs, amens and cheers. The Doxology was then sung, and prayer offered by Rev. J. Worboys. 