ENGLISH LITERARY GOSSIP. London, December 11, 1896. The feature of the present publishing season is without doubt the large number of more or less sumptuous illustrated editions of classic and favorite novels. At the head must be placed MactniU&n;'s edition <U luxe of "Westward Ho!" in two hacdsome volumes, at a guinea. This may seem a big price to give for a boy's present 1 mean, however, to manage it on behalf of a lad I know, feeling confidentj the book will last him a lifetime. The tales of Henty and JVlanviile Fenn cease to interest; when our muatauhios spront and we "put; away childish things," but " Westward Jio!" ! is as delighuul at 60 as at 15. 1 fchould add * illustration* of thia reissue, by Charles E. j Brock, are excellent. ~ j Messrs. Macmillan & Co. have also added to ? their "Craniord" series delightful editions of ! "Tom Brown's Schooldays," with 80 illustra-1 tiona by E. J. Sullivan, and of"The| Aihambra," with drawings of the places men tioned therein by Joseph Penuell. Mr. Sul livan has never done anything better than this ??'i'oui Brown." His liuguy is liugby and his' boys are boys. Xubody will lu-nceiorward dream of buying any other edition. :. Mm. Oliph&nt;'fc work begins at last to shorn some Blight signs of menial fatigue, and con sidering the has written upn-ania oi 50 norela this isn't wonderful. Xt may eeein unkind, remembering the many excellent stories she has given us, to criticise her last effort, " The Unjust Steward," too closely, but it would be unkinder still to pretend it was a fair sample of her remarkable talent. The Btory deals with the remorse of a Sootcb minister who under the stress of financial em barrassments gets tempted into a crooked act. It is just the kind of subject the authoress of the "Perpetual Curate" and "ttalem Chapel* could at her best have lilted to the level of tragedy. But "The Unjust Steward* is not Mrs. Oliphant at nearly her best. It is to be hoped that the success of J. M. Barne's exquiute picture of his mother may not lead to an epidemic of domestic biogra phies by eminent hands. Imagine the un happy reviewer baring to read bow ''The realistic .Mother" of Emite Zola implanted simp.c cerulean verities in his young heart, how Grant Allen's "Mater Who Would" taught him the A B C of flexible ethics, or how *Ths Missus" of Sims jure gave George XL his fast lessons in Dagonetese. The "Life and letters of Fred Walker* (the original of "Little Riffle" in "Trilby") is, I fear, rather too expensive a book to circulate widely in the colonies, but it nTiitflinfl s> qua ber of fawjrmting pictures and anecdotes. One of the later daunbes the cjever bat highly nervous and sensitive young artist's tint meet ing with the author of " Vanity Fair. 91 Mr. Smith (of Smith, I<Uder.& Co.) took him to call. "After a little time Thackeray said "Canyon, draw! Mr. Smith Bays you can.* 'Ye-e-s, I think bo," eaid the young man who was within a few years to excite the admiration of the whole world by the excellence of ius drawings. To going to shave,' said Mr. Thaqkemy 'would you mind drawing my back? Mr, Thackeray went to his toilet ?bje andcom sssneed the operation, ?ehiie,Mr. VfeUcsr took ? sheet of paper and began bis drawing; I (Mr. Smith) looking out of tbe window in order that he might not fed that be waa. being watched," . Dr. Boberteon NiooD tdb in the BrUitk WeeUy of a visit, paid by himself and Mr. Barrie to Miss Mary E. Wilkin?, the famous New England audior, at her ..borne in Eandoiph. a village some 30 miles from Boston. "We found bet/1 Bays Dt Nioolt, "reading, or rather studying, with great delight Dr. William, Alexander's immortal Aberdeenahire atory, * Johnny Gibb, of Gosbetneak.' She had theedition with reproductions of Sir George Keid's masterly illustrations." This by the way was the book that Me Gladstone and Dean Bamsay.of Edinburgh, sat np half tbe night to read when it first appeared. Miss Wilkins is, according to Dr. Kicoll, the most unpre tending of literary women. She can write anywhere, she makes no fcjss about Her work, and she eaters with the "utmost zsst sod cbeer fubtess into every intereEt of life. She makes herself perfectly at home with the people of her village who hardly realise, if indeed they realise at all, that a writer of world-wide fame to in their inidat. I have often wondered who the author of tbe exceedingly clever "Character Notes" which bane been appearing- from time to time in Comftia during 1885-6 could be. The secret is now out. Messrs.-Smith, Eldest 00., have just reissued a number of them in book form under the title of " The Money Spinner," and two individuals are responsible for their production, Henry Seton Merrimsn and S. Tallentyre. Mr. Merriman, by tbe way com mences bis new novel "In Kedar*e Tents" in the January CornhW. Sir Walter Boeanfe next novel, "A Fountain Sealed," will run serially through the lOuttraUd Neat, and Ike Idler has Beobted Stonier Wieyman's ' historical romance "Shrewsbury." Mindful of Wbyte Melville's "White Rose" Mr. A. W. Mason gives his just completed work of that name a fresh title, and will then hand it over to the Monthly Packet. Conan Doyle has in preparation for the Queen "Uncle Bernac, a Memory of the Empire," and the OrafAie will rely for the first 13 weeks of 1897 on a etory by Bret Harte, entitled "TbeThree Partners." In bis next book Mr. S. E. Crockett -will go back some 50 or 60 years, and with his foot upon his native heath (Galloway) will try con clusions with yet another style. In brief ?' bad's Jjpve," as itis entitled, v a tragic idyll of the loves of a lowland countryside, and is an attempt to show that when once the tipper crust of roughness and stolidity' is penetrated tbe stress! and tragedy of life is as much part and parcel of the eristynon of these silent folk as ot the hot-blooded Italians. The book, which is shorter titan the average novel, is to be poblisued in Maroh by Messrs. Bliss, Sands, ft Co. Mr. &. 8. Hicbens, whose versatility has been shown in "An Imaginative Man,,' "The Green Carnation,"and "The fieincsrnation," has, says the Sun, made an incursion -into other fields in "Mamas,'' which Mr, Heine msnnisto pablishin toe spring. Attracted, perhsos, by the demand for tales of "mean streets, Mr. Hichens has devoted himself largely to the study of a girl in low-class life. Characterisation, however, is sot unduly It is just IS years since a paragraph in Truth set the world enquiring after the then new and unknown A.mwtmUKt Annual, and made the literary reputation of a Bristol ac countant. The said annual contained "Called Hack," and its author was tbe late Frederick James Fergus, better known as " Hugh Con way." Of this story between I&S3; and 1887 no fewer than 352,000 copies were sold. Mr. Fargns was a lucky man lucky in the fillip which gave him vogue, lucky in his friends, luckiest of all in his period. "Called Back" would never set the ?J??t"?? afire in this prevent year of grace. We have at least half a dozen writers capable of pro ducing that class of story without any par ticular difficulty, and st their bead stands Dr. Conan Doyle. Mention of tbe latter reminds me he too dawned on us through a Christinas jmnnal. " ,&. Story in Scarier' is, however, much better work than "Called Back." .It did not attain at first the measure of success of Conway's booklet, but it remains to-day, what it seemed in 1887—one of the best detective Stories in the language. Those wno wade through tbe avalanche of Christmas literature at present submerging the bookstalls in the hope of discovering another Hugh Con way or Conan Doyle will 1 fear be disappointed. The new hands seem mostly mediocrities, far tbe best stories being by those with already well-won reputations. No one for example should miss Kipling's "Bread Upon the Waters 1* in the Graphic, an oxcfJlent example of what genius can do with an unpromising subject, or Anthony Hope's racy ** The Lady and the Goblet" in the Gentlewoman. Before laying down the latter lovers ot the supernatural may like to read "My Fellow Travellers" and see what sort of band the granddaughter of Charles Dickens makes of a ghost story. I consider tbe effort not at ell bad, thowrh Miss Dickens shines to vastly greater advantage in character studies such as make up her admirable novel "A Mere Cypher." London, December IS, 1896. There are two J. M. Barries. One wrote "Ladjr Nicotine," and is the reserved, some what silent individual whom Mrs. Leo ijunter fails ignominiously to exploit. The other ib the real Barrie, the author of " A Window in Thrums" and "Margaret Ogilvy." The few who know a little of the latter have long been aware that his home life colors every page of the Thrums novels and that his mother was the original of "Jess" and "Mar garet." I believe the one person outside the novelist's family who heard the " Little Minister" read aloud before publication was Mrs. Fraser, mother of Miss Marie Fraser, tbe actress. She thinks she owed this privilege and Mr. Barrie'a friendship entirely to a fancied resemblance between herself and the dear woman with " tbe soft face." I imagine it must have been Mr. Barrie who impreg nated the Frasers with an enthusiasm for "R.L.S." Anvhowa little later they stayed at Vailima on their way home from Australia, and Miss Fraser's pleasant little volume " A Month in Samoa" resulted. It was highly appropriate that Mr. Barrie should play a prominent part in connection with the Stevenson memorial proceedings last week. Perhaps the best chapter of all in "Margaret Ogilvy" is that devoted to "8.L.5.," and the most ingenuous tribute to his friend the linns wherein the chronicler of Thrums describes the discouragement which overtook him after realising the perfections of "The Master of Ballanuc." \- The vosrue achieved by "Rodney Stone" nnd "The Wheels of Chance" uiay no: in- I possibly tempt other papular writers to try (their bands at aggressively snorting novel*. Mr. Rider Hacgard for <?Y""plf ought tv shine in that line. One of the best things be ever did was the description of the wrestling bout in the "Witch's Head." Mr. George. Bernard Shaw too might give us another pugilist hero. How many re dere of to-day I wonder know Lie "Cashel xSyron'a Profession f Both it and "The Unsocial Socialist" have disappeared from the bookstalls, though they deserved longer life than much trash which survives. i There has been a great to-do abort Mr. Arthur Morrison's grim bat powerful novel ? "The Child of the Jago," which deal* with life in the purlieus of tsboreditch. The Jago is a name wbicb Mr. Morrison coined to cover ?the parish of his friend, the Bey. Osborns | Jay, in whose company he has for IS months been exploring, the slunitt. Mr. Jay himself ; wrote a booklet some time ago referring to this ? slice of Darkest London, and a too clever i reviewer hinted (with the aid of parallel ! colamns) that Mr., Morrison had found his ; local color therein. This aroused, not Mr. j Morrison, bat Mr. Jay, who testifies to 1 the former's intimate aoquaintaaoe with his ? parish. "It was," says he, "gained at first ; hand by persistent personal investigation on | the spot, the patient investigation of months —I had almost written years—but more than 18 months, at any rate. Be saw the people in their houses, talked with them, got to know them—even had them visiting at bis house. j I was fortunately able to help him in these ' enquiries, and that help he acknowledged by dedicating ? his book to me. Not only I. but my lady-helper and my mis sion-woman, can testify to these facts- Mr. Morrison'* laborious and persistent care amazed me. He would take nothing for granted; ha cross examined, and examined again as to the minutest particnlaxs until I began to fear bis book would never tie begun. Till then I had never realised what conscientious labor art involved. And this, remember, was the man wbo bad already proved his intimate knowledge of the poor classes by his "Tales of Mean Streets." A new novel by Ouida is out It is entitled "Le Solve"—a name supposed to be given to " vast tracks of forest and pasture land lying alongl and beyond the Along Cimminius, between the lakes of Braociano and Vico." The plot is an exciting one. for do not some ferocious robbers play an important part therein. The Rontgen rays ate easily ontvied by a hero named Cynlle. who "sees through toe bones of one's nead jrhat one ib thinking:'1 Fancy that, now. Messrs. Simpkin, V^r^^n, & Go. have oom pQed a genuine list of titles of books exactly as they were written in booksellers' orders during tiiis year. Here are afewmlootione from this budget of unoonacioas humor :-^ BOOKS REQUIRED. TITUS AS OBOSBSIV ?'Bepabfac *ot HatQ," by "Benurfie of PUta* by Jowett. Jomtt "Hnrw 1. Handbook to -Horrayi Saulhoak to Algiers mndTanU." Algebra and TnnK*- Snows." "Acrms tte Smalan* Ness/* uSoy.Bera,?byiralah?i? "53m Boy Ben ot Sow. WalUiunstow.* "AristoaCsaCasterniccc.- ? Harry Stocklrt Jtasta* " Bofc HjrHe. and Rat" "Boy, Jfnaofe, and ?£ "Vorzui-a 6L. Paul So "l£otjap'? K. Cad In Bnfain." &Qbo3;? "Hay Aetna,* by "Hajr, Aetna, and Crockett, Cmlonfm Onckct v tte ht Story. \ qmDoioniUbraiy* Deliberate invention could not produce funnier variants. ? Mr. Hsmemann faas rjurotianoj tfan firitjsh ?ad American righte of Ibsen's " Jno. QaVnel Sorkman,* to be issued-in Snglish after Christmas.. Mr. dement Soott's -remimscenoe* win he called "Ihe Wheel of life" and issued by ? new publisher, TjawrenoeOrreeuing N The St. Jwmett Gazette makes some shrewd and interesting reflections apropos of Mr Stead's C&riatmas.; Annual. "Whatever else." it remarks, "may be historical in Mr. Stead's'Hi?toryof aMystexy'weareasstiredby the author that the heroins of his story is not. In Mr. Stead's imaginary version of the Johannesburg Bevolutian as it might have been, there is one person who by courage, by tact, by resoureernlnesa, by t-wr.""^ over men, eaves die situation' and turns failure to victory. Naturally thi? personage is a woman and (for it is not Mr. Stead who is writing)* lady journalist. Because one of these transom dent beings was wanting** Johannesburgti? real history ended so badly—'When d? eapteme moment aune then waano woman to play the great part, Foj perbHi?, adds Mr. Stead, '<he real iustory of the mystery of the great 6asoo is tfaatit wassoexdnsiveiy a OD6-6EI show.' Whatever be thought on 6bat point it is carious that most of u?fl actors in tbe Soutli African drama are namamed.' iSx. Rhodes, 1%. Jameson, Mr. Beit, Dr Harris, Sir John Wfllougbby, and tbetjtber efficen of the raid ate all baobelora. ? ft n possibly fatnr ever, that'tiie aSair was npj co exdtufvdy a. 'one-eez chow" as it looks. Uowuret, bachekardom is not with most man a Donna nent oonditioa and lit Bhodea and Dr. Jim jnaygDtto:way of.two_?lher men who ba.vb bad nearly as mncb to do ac the-y wift U? m> velopment of Sonth Oentral Atnca, to wit. Mr. Selous and Sir H. H. Johnston. .Botfc these fsntlemen after years AC szxiotabS?, f^ odwitriitfrattflit fn the?arfc coti- Jjnent ate now hapjnhr married. This is one of the 'advantages of the retardatom of the nubile', age which is co vbaraottnatao of onr time, A man goes to outermost partaof the earth at 20, makss* name and fame, and powibly <if he gets mtp the auriferous regions} a fortune, and defers the marrying process till ne -n eomewhere about M. And, after all, be $nda himself no college, whom be left Oehind to dawdle in Piccadilly and Pall Man, since they commonly do not think asnoasly of 'asttltaff dawn' tfl they are well on towards tfcejr fonttb deoade or more." - 