g I8 THIS A MIRAqLE. ` AN M.V's. VIEWS ON TUE SUB lane JEOT. iod WHAT Mn. LABOR-LEADER MGOWEN KNOWS Iorp From the Australian Workman. Sto Mr. J. S. T, M'Gowen. leader of the labor g party in the N.S.W. Assemly was seon by our reporter in connection with theremarkable case in. of Mlr.sThoimas Jarvis which was given some am. weeksago in this pper and which Isgiven bo on low. Mr. M'Gowen say he has known Jarvis from infancy, Healso knew that he had to red. give up his work at Glebe Island abbatoirs of twelve months ago owieg to- a malady which i he developed, He aftorwalrds heard that Jarvi was bedridden, and that there was little chance as of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was re ir. fused admisslon to the Sydney hospital, as his case had been prononced incurable. Mr. ing M'Gowsn was, therefore like everyone else who ng knew the facts, astounded at the complete re j i covery of Jarvis. 1r, THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. he On Thursday afternoon, onr representatatlsv made his way to the humble home of Mr, The. ad. mas Jarvis, 45 Crown.lane, Ultimo. He was IO discovered nursin a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able )D to answer the knock at the door. Although pale jgand bearing still the marks of a critical Illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convales. in sene. In repy to the preliminary questions. h g said : 1'Wo want to. know all about my case? 'w Well, I am glad of ih opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." at "How long were you sufferring ?" "Well, twelve monthsago I got so had that I had to leave off work, and I haveidone nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christ i5 mas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in rittestreet, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual develop. a ment of the maladyI was forced to give up my / billet ot the Globe island.' . " What were the symptnse 1' w ' Simply indescribable. The pains were S r, something terrible. They were about as much as could bear. They were for all the world as ias saw were cutting my bones in two in 0 every part of me. I had no control over my J bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my. self and everyone else. I was incessantly shiv. Seing and shaking, and could neither eat nor Ssleep. On the.l2rd March last I saw a well knowadoctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave mo an order to the Director of CharitablhInetintions." Did youn make use of the order ?" "No ;I came home and went to bed, and H have beenpretty wellin bed over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ? in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was allover wfth me, and only a ques. tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he he could, by opium and morphia pills,, to ease the gony 1 was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxias or Pro. FI greselve locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. lie told me I might last for ten Po years, and that I might never got the use of my t legs. (Just them the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infalible.) Well, just asa drowning Go man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an. idea conveyed by the advertisement descrihing the cure affected in the case of a boiler maker in Englandwhioh 1 rend In the "Aus. tralias Workman,"?by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Tr for Pale People, I read in the advertisement of a case.which seemed' b?fit my own. I deter. mined to.give the Pink Pills 'a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as snarvel ionu as it was magical. ' I was able to oat i as though nothing was the matter with me. It t was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was ncredible, 1 Immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken - four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four Po, weeks, and' am now taking the hifth box. I can oei walk about withthe rid of astick,and am grnd- n. usllybnt sunrely, recovering my former vigor R0 and vitallty. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new and I have nover used tan them. They woere made for me before I got the Pink Pills. out I was too weak to use them, and now I donb want them.. All I want is this stick and I hope oon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " ie is LOo per cent. better, said Erse. Jarvis who had come ain and taken the baby on her knee, "The Pink Pills hayS saved, his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than - be did a fortnight previously ' " I can now," continued Jarvis," have a cold bath, and al the feeling' has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler.maker and you know have to.be in the very pinko healthand strength to work atthatitrade. lam a better to-day than I have been at any time dur. of b inog the'paatve years. I ascribe all tbochange Co and benefit to these Pink fills.. They have 'saved my life. T am in no pain now, whatever, 91 and fee'likeaneow man. On the mantelpiece plic there Isa toxof opium, and morphia and pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain But they can stay where they are, for Ino longer need them. Everyone who knows me has been amazed at the change in me.. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out. here." Such is this remarkable 'history,. and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams'-Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomo' or ataxy,, partial paralysl, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impovezlehed state of the blood, such as ansmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness. indigestion loss of appetite, shirtness of breath, pans in the back, nervous headache, etc. 