ADVERSITY'S STRANGE BEDFELLOWS; OR, A RUINED HOME. [BY SKIPP BORLASE. ] Author of "Shrouded in Mystery," " Murdered at Mid-day," *' Who Killed John Cameron?" "Darker than Death," "An Oceau Secret," "Recalled to Life,"'"Riches to Ruin," "Both Piiuless and Police Spy." CHAPTER XII. IX THE SPIDER'S WEB.—WHERE GOES HE SOW? In the pitchy darkness of the damp, vaulty smelling passage there now ensutd the click, click, click of steel. Then a light flashed out, and was applied to the wick of a candle that was fixed in a chamber candlestick that stood on the bare stoue floor. Nellie stood on the first step of the steps, holding her hat in her two hands. Enoch Meek raised the light quickly to Nellie's face, and gave a quiet laugh, for he saw that she was entirely under the mesmeric influence. He led the way up the staircase and she followed mechanically. She even tried to step the same way that he did, so that a beholder would have thought that she was mocking him after the manner of an impudent child. In the same mauner she proceeded to follow him into a large but meagrely furnished room containing a couch, an armchair, five or six small chairs, a table, a couple of strips of carpet, and-very iittie else. For full an hour there was no light in that old desolate house saye the tiny ray that shot forth from the kevhdle of that door. But at length Enoch came forth alone, and carefully locked the door behind him. Across one arm he carried Nellie's liat and jackot—a loose one without sleeves; and in his other hand he held the candlestick with a firm grip- The light fell full on his face; the expression written there was that of a triumphant fiend. Let us listen to what he is mumbling and muttering as he descends the stairs. " Ha, ha, ha, ha! She will sleep until my return.; and what a subject she is! I have made her comply with ail my wishes. He, he! what a clairvoyant' what a medium she would make! Well, I wish Lord Bertie joy of her. But time goeson, and 1 have business yet to do." He pulled forth an old silver watch and regarded its dial attentively. " Ah. half-oast 1 already," he remarked in a snappish, dissatisfied tone. " and eight miies out and back to be done ere day dawn. I've all my work cut out for me. Well, I'll be off at once. A cab shall take me as far as paddington any way, if I have to trust to shanks's mare for accomplishing the rest of the journey. I must soak these things well, and do them up in a parcel. I think there's a big piece of brown paper down below. 1 ' Down below he went "to the empty underground kitchen, where, placing Nellie's hat and jacket in the sink, he turned on the tap and let the water pour over them whilst he went in search of string and paper. When he had found those he wrung the mantle and pressed the hat as dry as he could. made them up in a loosely-tied parcel, tucked them under arm, ascended the kitchen stairs, blew his candle out in the hall, placed it on the floor exactly in the same spot where he had fouud it an hour previously, and silently quitted the house. Let us now return to the pretty cottage at Acton. Woo to the father who puts too much faith in the promises of the stranger, and woe to the mother who obeys her husband when she believes that danger threatens. Aud now she is about to reap the bitter fruit, first of agonised suspense, and then of terrible conviction, for miduight comes and midnight goes, and then the little brass drumclock on the bedroom mantelpiece strikes at intervals the first and second hours of a new day. And her ears unmistakably tell her that Enoch and Nellie have not returned. At last with an impatient hand she wakeB her husband, who has been sleeping soundly. | "Robin, it's two in the morning, and Nellie isn't back yet," whispered she. "It is very heedless of Enoch to keep the girl out to this hour," growled Robin. "But I suppose they have missed the last train and have had to tramp it; a good seven miles if an inch." " Even then they should have been home an hour ago, for Nellie is a good walker. No, Robin, my mind misgives me that something terrible has happened, something very terrible." " Nonsense, wife. What harm is likely to happen to the girl and Enoch with her? Though a man of righteousness and peace, he hath yet an arm of iron and a fist like a sledge hammer, and I'll warrant mo that any one who tried to interfere with our Nelly when he had the charge of her would soon feel the weight of it," retorted Robin with emphasis. " I only hope our sweet child hasn't felt the weight of it herself," replied Mrs. Gray, with a shudder. "I pray to God that the villain hasn't murdered her." "Kate, Kate,"said her husband, angrily; *' what demon can have put such a thought into your head?" " No demon, Robin, but my constant distrust of that man. He is not what he seems." "I would answer with my life for his honesty and good faith," retorted Mr. Gray, "and every one's opinion of him in Acton, with one solitary exception, yours, is the same as mine." " Well, Robin, I can no more help my impressions than I can lie quietly in bed worriting myself to death about Nell. I must be doing something or I shall go mad." And Mrs. Gray at once sprang out of bed and proceeded to dress herself. Robin turned aud tossed and growled about her folly and at being disturbed at such an hour; but her spirit of uneasiness gradually becamo infectious, and, making him wide awake, he shook himself and declared he should get up too. I hope he hasn't let the gal be run over by a cab or an omnibus, or that there hasn't been some alarm of fire at the place he took her to leading to their beiug crushed to death. Had the train had a collision we should have heard of it by now.' Husband and wife got downstairs within five minutes of each other. Both wore fearfully anxious by this time, for the old kitchen clock in its old-fashioned case was ticking on towards three. . It was still dark outside—dark as the shadow of the tomb. Robin Gray opened tho door of George's bedroom, held the candle aloft, and looked in. " The boy hasn't como back cithor," said he. " Perhaps George is with his sister." " I pray heaven that he luay bc-,' : gasped Mrs. Gray fervently, " then she d be safe." "Well, I don't see what lie could do for her more than Enoch couid," returned Robin, still shutting all'thoughts of Meek's perfidy out of his heart. '" Ho is but a boy." " He'd stand being torn m bits, though, before he'd sey Nellie hurt," was the answer. At this moment tho littie wicket gate at tiie end of the garden was heard to open. " iiere they are at last, and Heaven be thanked,"' said the blacksmith fervently. His wife made no remark. She listened with bated breath—that was all! Aud she listened for what she was not destined to hear—the approach of footsteps. "Tho gate did swing," said Robin, pre sently. " But it isn't them at all." "I know that; but can't you go and see wliat it really is, for gates don't swing for nothing? I declare I'm trembling 60 that I couldn't stir were it for my life," retorted Mrs. Gray, speaking petulantly in her terror, and looking as white as a ghost the while. "Nonsense,"said Robin, in a gruff voice, " It's nothing to signify," and he went out to the garden gate. To Mrs. Gray it seemed an age ere he returned, and when he did come in she saw that he carried something in his arms, aud that he was tremblinc from head to foot. " Here's Nellie's hat and jacket all soaked with water," said ho. " What can it; mean?" "It means that she's dead," gasped Mrs. Gray, sinking into a chair, "It means that she's dead." " Hush, woman. For Heaven's sake don't go jumping at the awfulest thing that you can think of; but, there, that's just your way. If our darling has ben dead they'd have brought her home, not a few of her clothes. I found 'em just in the middle of the garden path inside the gate. Didn't you hear me hallo to ask who'd put 'em there? Weil, I did, but there was no answer. Couldn't hear a footstep even. What can it mean, I wonder?' " That our Nellie's been murdered, and by that villain," cried Mrs. Gray. "Ifelt it all along." "Nonsense, nonsense, ypu're distraught, Kate," retorted Robin almost fiercely. "Hulloa," he suddenly added, "here's a slip of paper with pencil-writing on it pinned r.o the jacket. Perhaps that'll explain matters. Anyhow, let me see." He snoke with assumed cheerfulness, but the depp tones of his voice, the trembling of the hand that held the slip of paper, and his haggard look told their own tale. " Why it's Enoch's writing," gasped he. " And the paper is a page from his memorandum book." " Then it's all a pack o' lies," groaned Mrs. Gray. " Every word from beginning to end." "Let us road them before we judge either of their truth or falsehood," replied Robin. And holding the slip of paper in one hand, and the candle closc up to it in the other, he read:— " It's easier to write bad news than to tell it. I'm heartbroken, and don't know what to do. Nellie preferred going to a revival meeting down in Southwark when we got to town, and I took her there. Sue seemed verv affeefced by what she beard; and in crossing Latnbeth Bridge on our way home, before I had any idea of what she intended doing, she had flung herself over the parapet into the water. There was no one on the bridge at the time. I at once rushed down to the water's edge to get a boat, but though I searched the surface of the dark river for more than an hour, her floating hat and jacket were all the traces that remained of her. Though much I would like to preserve the precious relics myself, I bring them to you, her parents, praying a benign Providence to soften your griet and to forgive my siu if it be one, for I return to join her. The river shall be our common grave. I cannot survive her. My heart is broken. Dear, precious Nellie, I come to thee!" The last few words were written in a shaky hand, so as to be just decipherable, and that was all. The rest wore firm enough, and written in a small, round hand. "My darling, darling child. Poor Enoch 1" moaned Robin Gray, with a half sob. "PoorEnosh*" half screamed Mrs. Gray; " Poor Enoch—you mean villain Enoch !" and here she sprang to her fee; and glared wildly aroundber. "That paper is, as I said, a tissue of lies from the first word, to the last. He threw our child into the river. He ruined her, and then destroyed her, fearing a brother's, ana would that I could add, a father's venceance. After him, Robin, if you be a man? He cannot have got far yet. Af tSr him, and arouse the villagers as you go. Though I am but a weak, nervous woman, I will have a mother's revenge, for this, My poor child shall not sleep in the depths of the cold river unaveneed. Come, you or ma, you or me, to track this wretch?" And she seized her husband almost fiercely by the arm, as ahe concluded. But her strength was not equal to her will. Her anper had leapt up like the flame of an expiring candle to be extinguished the next instant, in a fit of violent and uucontrollable grief, and with a heartrending cry of—" My child, my child oh, where are you?" she threw up fi>-r hands, reeled, and fell to the floor in a swoon. ( To be continuedfan Monday.) 