SALE SUPREME COURT. [Before His Honor Judge Holroyd.] ([Ar Gursaor Crown Prosecutor.] ::'HARGE OF RAPE. Joames Fogrrty was 'charged with assaulting- Rose Evans on 15th July, at Bulumwaal, with intent to counmit a rape. Accused, who wns defended by Mr Kirkpatrick, pleadrd not guilty. This "case was; lihneardu" before the Supreme nOourt at Biairlrsdile a sbort while, haok, but as- lie jury disagreed Fogaity hadthn agsit stand li strial; ,Ti" JURY, Tha right of olielleago was fieely exorcised both by the Crown and theI accused, until. the following, jury. was empannitlleld, viz: - Mrsars G.1 M?. Dtavis (foreman). T. J. Roonoy, J.. Friawliy; G. Blyth; .I . Pottit, J. S Olunn, E. Phipps, T. Moroney; GL Oupit, J.,O'Connor, T. Keariny, 'W Biddie. . T? H IE VIDNR." ' Rose Evans, wife of Riclhard Evrne? deposed-Ort 15th July laiSt I .was residing at Bulumwasl. I hnd knowni Fogarty about three months btefore that. I saw hims about half-past eleven that day. I lived i.n I hark hut, and prisoner lived in one a ?ouple. of yards away. My husband teon at Bairnedale on the 13th of July,.lacving for there at eight o'clock. Prisoner came to my door, and asked me if I would have a drop of beer. I asked him if he haid it in the house. Ho said no, but I will get one of the children to go for it. IHe then asked me what I was going to do that after ,noon, and I said nothing. He asked me if I would go over to the claim, and I said very well, just to get rid of him., He went away, and camte back at site o'clock with a cup of beer. (The.judge said Ihe wished the witness would open her mouth, as he could not hear her.) After he went away I drank tile beer, and then went to Clement's store. When I got home the prisoner anme to my door and told me tile milkman had come, and that he had taken a pint of milk for me. He gave the milk and asked me how long I would he before I went over to the claim. I told hint in about all hour and a half. He called about five atn asked me why 1 did not go over, and I told him I had gone up to the town and was too tired. I gave him the remains of the sixpennyworth of beer I had bought at Waite's hotel. He weont to his own house and came back five minutes afterwards, and said he had a bottle of beer. I told hime I did not want it and lie went away, but came back in a few minutes and said " What do you think about the bottle of beer." I told him I did not want it, and he went back to his own house again. He returned almost imme diately and said it was just 5.30. After a short conversation lie asked if I would meet him at the battery in about an hour. I did not go, and saw inm again about seven. I was going along the Bulumwaal road to exchange some books with Mr Grillithe, I was near Grilliths' when I met the prisoner, wsho asked why I did not meet him. I said I did iot want to meet him and did not want the bear. He said I might as well have it as he had bought it. He said it was close by, but I said I did not want it, as I had had a cup of beer that afternoon and Dick (ony hiusblind) would be home at 8.30. He said Dick would not be home till eleven or twelve: He said tihe beer was close hy, and I asked who wits going for it. He said-" We are." He told me to take ol' my apron as I looked like a ghost in it. We then walked about six or seven yards up the new Bulutit waimal road, and cut across about 30 or 410 yards to Iho old road; then about 12 yards up the old Bulumwaal road. 11 lopped and asked hirt how much further it was, and he said--" Come on, it's just here." We walked oi few -yards.further, and then went a couple of yards into tbs timber. He left me oltodiug there and wont a short dis tance awny for the beer. HLe came Iback with the bher and a cup, and poured ma out it cupful which I drank. IIt druank ia cupful and poured another auit Efr ioe. I told him I did not owant it, and"lie'a:skod me to drink, half and he vwnuld finish it,; whilb was dono. -I wennt, to Walk' away, whel he put Ilis left- anr round nty neck and. said "{gisce "me :a kiss." 'iI told hit to keep hiia.thnidselfr, int I did: not want Iris iisses. He said- ? I'lli er if you can inak onet ll.e put his arm rounid my ewaist and' ?uidr---".B- it, let me get dlose? io you.. He, tho? threw nitm doiwn.: During ithe a.snuit cotmplnitred 'of) I astrugted, but he kept m dclowni. Afteri?irda lie' ict lie git on msy feet, indi told ine to pin mly skirt up, which hIad been , torn in the struggle. (The cldtlting alse was at thi stane weoritig ewas identified by her, and the rip in the sakirt was elown.) I walked a sllort: distance away, when ecosted caught my arm and asked me if I were ;giing to tell my huslnand. I said I would. He said I would be vary foolish, anad said he was sorry for what Ihe had done and could only apologiso, but would mlne it up in otlher ways; 1le i-ft nre nnd I wont home, rearhing tihrre atout 7.30. After this Iwsnt up tie roaid ibout half a uile to Imeet my Ihusband eoming hone, but not moneting hitm I came straight back. My husband got home alrout twelve o'lol uk and I told him what lhad hIappoed. To AIr Kirkpatrick--I wees on friendly terms witll acruseld, but-,was never nmuch it hiscomnpany. I siioke, drink boor, and sometimes swear., The prisotoer did not tellome the beer was up nt tle tulaim. I never drank boor witllh hin alone. I had a row with my hutband once, and he blackened my eye. If my husband and I had a quarrel the people in the next hut could have heard. Sinel the last trial at Bairnsdale I have been staying with my parents in Melbourne. My father is a baker. I have not earned any money since I was away. To AMr Gurner : My husband sent me money. IVin. Henry Sherrar, licensed sur. voyor, deposed to having taken dis tances and drawn a plan of the locality. The total distance from Evans' hut to leg was 580 yards by road. O. R. Blackott., tovernment analy tical chemist, . gave evidence to the effect that he had examined the under. clothing worn by tlewoman, liut could lied nothilng that would indicate ans assault had been cosnitted. , The court thleu idjourned'for lunch. Riichard Evans, miner, residing at Bulumwpal, and. husband' of Rose 'Evans, "dipoend-I? was married' to 'hir on l3tl:ItalInuary 18160. at Napier istreet; South Mlelbourne. ,It is 13 ioibnths since ] lirst knew..prisoner. On- 13th July last 1I left holme about" eight o'clock in the miorning and re turnedt ablut half an hour after mid night., Ily wife was waiting at the door. HRr hair was diuarranged and hier clothing was tori and partly hanging off. She told me Fogarty had taken Ier' to have a drop of beer and had assaul:ed her. (Hie corroborated tle evidence given by his wife). On a prior nraesiont I told prisoner that the further he kept away, the better friends we would be, I Lave struck mly wife. I have been in ga I once for four days for taking a bundle of straw belonging to tile mat I worked for to make a bed for myself. I never grumbled to my wife about Fogarty bringing beer there. Frank lThompson, miner, resilding at Buluniwail, deposed: Fogarly left about seven o'clock oanthe evening in question. He returned at eight o'clock or a little after. He was sober. He told me the following morning where he had been. He told ute Evans had been getting on to his wife about being olt with him (Fogarty). He told mse he had a bottle of beer with LMrs Evans and showed sle the log where they had had it. After.the police had gone Fogarty said-" She is a little cow to round on me." FEgnrty made in sulting reference to Eran's wife. I have seen prisonoralone wit h Mrs Evans in her but and aleo sometimes in his. I have seen themn drinking hear to gether on several occasions. On the day of the assault I pulled Fogarty out of Evans' house and told him to come to work. Before the 15th July I remember Fogarty telling le he had had improper intimacy with Roso Evans. CutlhbertOrifiths, residingat Bulum waal deposed.-We were playing cards in Fogarty's hut. Fogarty camne in about 8.30 or 9. He looked as if lie had been diinking. On the Sutnday morning following Fogarty told mse in my hut that lie had met Mrs Evans on the road near Woods' battery and that she said he had been a long time coming, and that le said he had been there a long time before. That they had gone for a walk up on tie road to the Puzzle mlins and sat down and drank a bottle of beer. That they had eat down and stopped nearly an hour, and hioted that he had improper inti macy with her. To Mr Kirkpatrick: Fogarty told me about tie apron that Mrs Evans said sels had. better take it off as it was too glaring. Mrs Evans camne to me twice asad told me not to say I had got beer for her. I have seen Mrs Evants under the influence of liquor. Constable Ryan deposed that Fogarty had told him about going for a. walk with lrs Evans on the night of the 15th and had hinted to hinm . that im. proper intimacy hIadoccurred then, and on many occasions previously. This closed the case for prosecution.. Win. Henry, a miner at Buluttwnal, depoetd.-I have known Fogarty about 12 months and Mirs Evans five Ilontl.: Oilse time Isaw ras Evans in Fogarty's hut. She was drunk. I helped. herr out of Fogarty's 'house into her 'own house. Sheo said if her husband canme home and' caught.lher in Fbgarty's he would kick up a roiw w\it her. To Mr Gurriar::' It-wnas about a month or six works Ibefore the aseult took place; that. I saw her druk. in Feo'aruy's Ito - ' Voieta Htindley,. deposed-I am Ithe wife of Thoe., Handley; ,artoer .of Bulthitwaol. 1 know Mrs. Evanna and' Fogarly ant 'hnve seen trtlinv togerthtr in Fogarty's hut and hesr own, drinking together. I rrcsgnliss tIle skirt' pro duced as one worn by Rose. Evans., It was torn around the waist before the 15th July, and was pinnled up. One day ltho got someI beer out of my plnce belonging to Fogarty nndm'said ' Jim," meaning Fogarty, would not mindi To Mr Gurner: I' colid not, toll how much the skirt was torn. John MIIKenwn deposed [t-i Ive seen accused and Mrs, Evans; alone ian our hut twice,, once; at d!titer' timo a?id O?!ce in thO eve.nllng. I generally carry home" wood, and as. soon' as i dropped hle tstood oi tihe grnmnd' site bolted out of:ilio biut to her own hut. , ..Tlnhos. Handlsy, a little boy, livingt with, his parents at Bulumwanl, deposed -l'bav'n seern Fogarty and Mlrs Evans alone together in his bat and also Mrs Eivnna' hut.. I got beer eighf tities one day for Fogarty. I kcow it was right times because I got sixponce every lias for myself, and at the end of the day I had ,4a.. I saw Fogarty and Mlrs Evans drilnking about tive or six of the lots. They drank it by tlhemsolvs in Ilis hilt. For three aonths I went for beer three or fEur tiures a weotk. On tile 14th July Evans was away playing football at ILirnsdale. Frank Thompson was recalled and suestioacd _a toI. lbs redibility of young Handley's evidenceaas to Fogerty being at his hut from eleven to three. Hoe said Fogarty wont to work at eight, and generally left for dinner at twelve, and left the linut again at one or a little after, and worked till four or later. It might be 11.30 sometimes whenr Fogarty left to cook the dinner. The foremanl on behalf of the jury asked whether Evans came home to' dinner. Witness: fe did not come home regularly. Another question was put as to whether Fogarty had an interest in the Puzzle claim. Witness: Fogarty and- myself owned the claim then. Mr Gurner asked whether witness and. prisoner were not on terms of intiinacy and that he had gone bonds Witness: Yes, that is correct. 'This concluded the evidence. AN ADJOUONEtENT.. Hisi Honor adjourned the court till: the following day and the jury had to be accommodated for the night at. one of the hotels. 