TOPICS OF THE TRADE. One of the members of the West- port (N.Z.) Municipal Council was re cently fined £5 by his colleagues fy insulting the chairman. His offenre consisted in the statement that be cause the chairman was a publican he could not tell when a workman was drunk or sober. One of the most distinguished of English bishops is the son of a publi can. Turkey is a teetotal nation— and sbe is bankrupt. The people of England spend floO, 000.000 a year on strong drink, and England is the wealthiest nation in the universe. So far only three hoteikeepers throughout the colony have been an nounced as candidates for Parliament. Surely the Trade ought to do better than that ! Several New Zealand papers have published articles condemnatory of temperance apostle L. M. Isitt's in temperate language during his Aus tralian crusade. Mr. Sincoek, the anti-vaccination champion, has taken to the platform with a mission to save drunkards. He is a teetotaller himself, but with liberal ideas on tbe liquor question. His statement that licensed victual lers would welcome the abolition of the habitual drunkard can be thoroughly endorsed by the Trade. Resident in prohibition town to visi tor— "Yes, the price of property i6 high in this 'ere village. You couldn't guess the rent of that corner shop/' Visitor—" I guess tlie rent would be twice as high if that corner shop was a liquor saloon." After all. it wasn't whisky which in spired Brady and his companions to slay Cavendish and Burke in Phoenix Park. According to Mr. Marshall Lyle, that tragedy was the outcome of deep libations in lemonade and ginger beer, and listening to the temperance orations of the arch scoundrel and in former, Carey. The next time the total abstinence party drag an almost forgotten ghost into daylight, they should see that it is clothed iu the true garb and cerements of the ghastly phantom they allege it to be. "Were you drunk when arrested?" asked Sergeant Eason of a prisoner at the Melbourne City Court one day last week. " Drunk i >\ ay. i was miraculous drunk." came the response in husky tones. " Miraculous " is not bad. I The abolition of the compensation lances in the Victorian Licensing Act| seems to he the object which tbe Vic- -torian Alliance are seeking to achieve. If the common sense of the community were taken on the question the answer would be emphatically against such an injustice being perpetrated. Some times, however, the public are seized with a sort of hysteria, and common sense has no place in their councils. ?he %etofol -party are at present try ing to work up that hysteria,, and the Trade "should £e active in opposition. This from the -New Zealand " Spott ing Review and Licensed Victuallers' Gazette" " When the Bev. L. M. Isitt left our shores for the land of the Cornstalk and the Gumsucker-we pre dicted that it would only be a. matter of time before he would be in re cqr-. flict with tbe people amongst whom he is now sojourning. Our prediction hfcs been fully verified, as be has already come into conflict with the Anglicau Church members of New South Wales." We have not beard much of the rev. 'gentleman since Mr. J. F. Deegan's "rushing reply to his mis statements about the Trade at the Vic torian Licensed Victuallers' dinner. Publicans, brewers, and wine and spirit merchants were tbe men wbg laid tbe foundation of Melbourne. .. In 1810, soys a recent writer, the City .Council of 12 had six of its members connected , with the Trade. The British Army and Navy are sup ported by the liquor trade of Great Britain. If the men who fought at Balaclava, and who inarched to Luck- now, to say nothing of " our tars." had to depend on lemonade, the history of Britain would have been very differ ent. One of The best known brewers in Victoria gave a nasty turn to a temper ance, meeting in a metropolitan suburb lately; A friend— a teetotal one— per suaded him to enter the gathering. Once there, the enthusiastic chairman, looking upon him as a brand who should be snatched from the burning, Invited him on the platform, and .soon after he was called on to speak. V Look here, ladies and gentlemen," he began, "for forty-two years I've bip a-brewin'. The divil a day of them all but Fve drunk about five-au'-fwinty glasses av beer, an', 'pou me sowl, but 1 feel a better map than ivir." 