MS OF T! (MM. The Haunted Ship Josie Gunby and Her Swedish Mate. L CRT OP "STAND FROM UNDER!" (ha Three Sailors Who Made am ttaholj Compact with Satan, and How the Brightest of tb* Lot Octwitted His Satanla Majesty. The first of the yarns here set out was told on shipboard by a tar of the name of King, who said that once on a time he •hipped on the good ship Josie Gunby from New York to Valparaiso. She was laden with Yankee notions and had fair weather all the way, but the "goings on" on that veaael were something awful, according to King. The first thing of a mysterious nature that happened was known to King only and consisted of the bell ringing itself just as King was about to sound "eight bells." King was frightened, of course, but he couldn't get any one to believe his story. In fact, the boys guyed him unmercifully, A fortnight later, however, they all saw something terrible, and the first JVate lost i*tr llfn ill Tha-^rg. In d^tiuV Jajutha, IfflS* own words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution runs as follows: "It was near the line. The sea was as smooth as a duck pond. Every rag o' canvas was set, but there waa hardly enough wind to keep them from flapping. All on a sudden, just as I was passing under the mainyard, somebody up aloft sung out, 'On deck there, stand from underl' The second mate had the watch and asked me who that was aloft. I told him I did not know, and he sent me up to see about it. I went, thinking some o' the boys was patting np a job on me and had gone aloft to get up another ghost story. Dpi went to the maintop, but I could find nobody. I come down the ratlines four at a time. How I ever got down without falling is more'n I can tell, 'cause I was that skeered I couldn't stop to think how I dun it. We woke the watch. The second mate and everybody (me excepted, for one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, and they didn't find nothing either. That kinder put them a-thi liking, 'cause the mate swore he heard the same thing I did. Well, all next day both watches were cussing and discussing that sing out aloft, and the next night the port watch were laying for something too. Just exactly at the same time o' night that same thing sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' They searched aloft, but found no more'e what we did. That thinfe happened every night at the same time for nigh two weeks. liy and by the first mate, a „ big, double jointed - Swede, said he would n , out a . bout vras or join the I goonies trying. So the next night, just at . the right time, all the watch were huddled , together under the break o' the poop a-liatemng, and the same lonesome, ekeerj i voice sung out, 'On deck there, stand , from underl' The men were too skeered to | breathe hard, and that first mate was! mighty nigh as bad, but he kinder squared hisself and roared out as loud as he could bawl: 'Ijpt go, you son of a sea cook, let go. Come down on deck, you lubber, and exercise your lungs!' "Mates, I'm not given to lying, as you all know, and I ain't going to lie now, but so' help my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and I thought that every spar on the mainmast had carried away at one time. Rattlety—bang—whiz— —wboop—and there struck on deck right side^af that first mate a coffin j (p hinftjust in tamj j him pi and'junfp the nide, first mate and all, nor £atch sight of them again. There weren't no more ghosts on that trip though." When King had finished this story there was general incredulity, and another sailor j named Bednarsky was asked for a yarn, j He told of three sailors (brothers) who were . left without money in London. i "One morning," said Bednarsky, "all of them were strolling down the street arm in arm wishing for a few cents to get an eye opener, having swollen heads from previous rapid existence. They came upon a nicely dressed mim of middle age who accosted • them, and after he had learned of their ' condition told them he was the devil, and that he could and would supply them all the money they wanted under one condition, which he explained as follows: " 'You may have all the money you can possibly dispose of. Put your hand in your pocket as often as you like for any amount, and it will always be there. At the end of > three . „„„„ years, tu' however, I demand , your soul; bat even then t* if any 1 one of * you __ can wish me tn to do anvthin^ anything whirf, which I T cannot i perform you shall be spared.' "It was agreed to by each one, and mime diately they were abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that three years waa spent? No, but suffice it to say that every possible luxury that money could obtain was indulged in. The three years flew by f like i;j-„ a „ single day. The donor j .V kept a _ strict account, boms, and' upon the proper day he called on the thre^theraVan J counting. The first asked for the creation of a fall rigged ship and was gratified. The second asked that his massive mansion be annihilated in thirty seconds, and this was done. "Both of them lost their souls, of coarse. "The third and youngest brother still held to hi* roaming life upon the sea, and at the expfaatton- eftthe third mmpleasure trip in a magnificent yacht far ont at sea. He waa cot out of reach of the evil one, however, and was called upon to wish and die. He called the crew on deck and had a pump rigged amidships, with the suction pipe over one side of the vessel and the discharge pipe over the other, and demanded the devil to pump all the water from one side of the ship over to the other aide. The devil looked ponied, scratched his head and vanished—outwitted. "That man is still sailing in his yacht, enjoying the immense wealth he got through the evil spirit." About that time the officer of the deck appeared and passed the word, "Stand by your hammocks," and all hands adjourned nine die. THE EVTL ONE AT SEA. 