CHAPTER I. .: Thehouse.was declared to be haunted ; no one would go near it even in broad daylight. It stood.in a large garden, and was so hidden by. treei and rank-vegetation that it could not be seen from the high-road. The entrance gate'ivas'ib the end of a narrow lane, and 'the' oly other way. of approaching the.housei was by walking 'across the dreary fields by which itbwas almost surrounded. :It Iwas an ?old-fashiotied;,long, low. ,hotse,. and. o1ery, prt of it ;,was in z ilapidated; condition. N?o onevin. the 'neighbourhoo'l could .remnember its being inhabited ; and, while quite a large.community had grown up in.the immediate.ndighbonrhood, the house hadl. ieen nreglected, and apparently forgotten by its. own-r. -Even -the. crime , which h ,d been commited there, and which was supposed; to have. been the cause. of its. eing..haunted, was not a distinct tradition-some hing had happened, but'no oneknew the precise details. .Rumour said that'the house belonged toi som?ij]one in the country' who could not let it at any 'price. Consequently, when itb became' known that an old woma"'-hi'd 'beeh'. seen about' the place, :she was set down as my.td--probably.some detendent of the:o?wner, whom he permitted to take shelter there. The old woinan'was as mysterious as: the. hluide.itself,4for,; though she obcaaional lyf went to the nearest shop; for supplies and p tid for them, no:ne codild fihd oibt where- the money came from. She never answered questions, and was so 'unobubh that at last 'the i'oigh: 'iouris g veup uall attempts jtojsatisfy their curiosity. ' One dull wet:night in the.spring, the patrol having just passed, two men turned in ab.the broken gae. of the house.-? 0 ie looked. like'a coachman ; the other, ia aliri short man, "wore e, shabby.. verco'it: and ai low-crowned hat. They passed, swiftly, and.. noiselessly on the Gra?s within. thn gloom of the trees, and went up to the door. " Do you think they're here yet, Mat ? inquir-d the man in 'the overooat. 'Sure to be. Jem was at the' Olequers:! to- day, and he told. me he'd slip in along of Linton.' ' ";.'Aas lhs:poke he 'tapped at the doo,', which was immediately opened, and the t"wo men passed into. a passage faintly illumined, by the light from a -room on one side. :': Linton's?here,' said the person 'who had admitted them, No gr?etig passed betvween the three, and they allo entered the room, the -last one shutting the door behind iim. The room .was diinly lighted by one candle, the scanity furniture was worrmaeaten, the ,huttt;ra hung across, the windhws as if, hey wero'barely held together by the 'rusby bars, the o"irpet was in tattors and colourless, the walls were green with damp, 'and strips of ragged paper hung down bthem. .There was an odour of gin -'ald dir't abountithe place. If happy people had ever lived there, iti must have been many.years ang. - The. mier gathered round, the ',tble wore in keeping with;the room. Lowbrowed, coarse of feature, and un;washed,' they seemed outb casts o, society. The one exception was the young man in the overcoat. His hair and close' beard .wore .decently kept, ihis? hands werp,ole in and well shaped ; hle was the only one~of the party. who eppeaied to be oppressed by his surrbundings, tor he had shivered as he sank into?a rickety chair. ', ' How do, Jasper 1' he aiid curtly, nodding towards'one of the men alredy- in the room. ' How do '1 was the response. Thie speaker looked at.the young man with an expression in which approhon.ion and amusenment were mingled.:.' You doii't :like crib;' he al.lded.' 'WhitVh?' wrong wih itl' ? '-Did-I, soay there was anybhing wrong with it,?' said the young min. 'Don't be a fool, Jasper. I How much gin have you and Jem been drinking 'Have some 1' suggested Joim. * 'No, thanes,' replied the young man. 'I wanb to keep my head cool., Is this iplace safg; Jasper' ' ' Safe as the stone.jug I' declared Jasper Linton with a laugh, which was, echoed 'by the other two men. ' It's full of :glosts.' 'What-haunted ' exclaimed the young man, glancing ro'und'furtively. ' Youailn't afraid, ate you,' sneered Juasper -' you that' have got the: brains anorn.g us It's all the better 'tis haunted-no ono;dares come near. There's a story about a' muirder years gone by ; and I'd -an awfulj ib to lind the landlord. But?he ttrne out to be anso'd party as liven in thenoounbry, and only too glad to got a penny fori this hole,' 'Didn't want no references, I suppose,' said Mat sarcastically. 'No-he didn't; but that could have been managed easily-a mere nothing,' re pliedl Linton. ' He ain't particular, anyhow, as to what its wanted for or who the parties are that wrote. There's those fields at the back, and there's collars under the gi rden.' 'P'r'aps the in in's body as was murdered was put down there,' said Jem, lighting a dirty pipe. 'Who told you it was murder?' inquired the young man shirply. ' I wish vou'd leave off talking about ghosts and murders, and leave off drinking that gin ton, you'll all be.under the table before, I c n explain my ideas I The pi.ce wi'l do for a time at any rate; it's' hetbtr than :Kennington, anyhow.' A Seeing as how the'ceo's were down on usri-ys, it?ic,' said Jem, with a guffaw. 'They, won't find this place out in a hurry.' ' How about the 'distance.?' inquired Lin ton. ' Oh, it didn't take long !'. inswered 'Mat. * Dick said it was" all right.' 'Hang Djok I'-- exclaimed Linton;. ' As if he was everybo.y I' ' So'I am,' said Dick cooly. 'You c'"uld not eet along so well withou ie.' 'Y'iu tw3 are always fighting,' interposed Jam Dawson. *'Hold your bongue, Linton I You know Dick's right; and- vwe shouldn 't tirn onbithe;neatb jobs we do .:without 'i 'Who thought of this plan we're a-goin' on now ht 'e 4' ' All very fine,' growled Linton;:but it` taken a piecious lot of monevy ; and-we< made; pile before, when w?e 'iad `Varcoee My eye -the go of that chap' ' Varcoe got laggerd,' said ;Dick,: iwith in c!sive contempt. ' And",none of us.ain'b :yet,!.? interjeoted sMat. ' Thit's why the ter?~ 'callF Tie' Invincitles." '"So we are l' declared Dick prondly. ' And if you'll'-mind m~ne, we'll' stick- to the' name and deserve it. Varcoe was a fool, and got found out; and? Anyhow;, his time isn't 'Will be soon,, though,' muttered Jasper. SI daresay; hutu it-. isn't:>:yeb,' persis'ed Dick.- ' Now I hsve?:an aidea-inrny head-' have had ever sinoe that last stccessful affair. W'e'want todo'withoutVarcoe; he waselippery sometimes- had fads. Anid, besides, 'this wn i't be a matter for dash. You knowth6ose rubies 4' 'You don't mean-" ' whispered Linton. * Yes-I.do.' 'You idiot I' oxolaimedLintori, glad of an opportunity to give yen to his irritation. * Do you suppose they're scattered aboub' for u's to pick up?' '*It's you who '"are-the idiot,' said Dick, nobt greatly ruffled by: the accusation" of.' stupidity..' They're in the' bank, f course I've found out all abobut them ; bult I: bhint we cen geb't them. : lHow ?' inquired Jem eagerly. 'I'hJ, like to know how.' I'don't know. myself yet-:. But Ishall find. a Iwayif only .you'llall consent. .It'I be:one of the biggest hauls' we've' , ha ,;- we. minight almost' retire. Th'ey're . Burmah .rubies, reniumnber-the costliest, th 'largest, and. the fihest in cblour?worbb . thousands l', Dick, the boldest and coolest spirit, in the g.ing, looked 'o'mly at the eager faices before? him. : * Isn't it.worth the risk'. he asked. 'Yes, yes I '.ried the others; SAnd .bthere mayn't be risk, Dick went on. You understand I There mayn'b tbe ;any. I don't see my. way yet-I'll have to -work it out. 'Bub I've nevi r failed yet--have; I? The most imimossible, the most dangerous sohemes, that:you all scouted at. first-haven t I led and won?' 'Ab, so you have,: Dick--so .you: have I' •..'.Ay, with Varooe, added :Jsper Lainton sneeringly. r' Varoue ?- Ie .copldn't manage thisi-nob my way. 'Tian't in :his line, said Dick. ' Now is it-settled I?': '' We're bhe '. I'vinciles' l' cried MAit and J'imi. "Come,- Linton - don't be a sne ak. .Give in,' because we mean to,do it.' ' Com~,; Jaspr,' sbid D:ok parsuasively. '\Ve'shiill.all make our fortunes, and Var. coe shall have his share. Will that do1 ' S'Linton -only praises up. arcoe to pull yout down,', said Jern, laughing. ' lb's settled... You go in and win, Dick, and leo us ha'rea d-rink ll'round. Hang Varcoe I I goes in with you, DiSk,' By this time the room was ?hzy with the fumes fromin strong tobcco, and the dim light was burning more',feebly as the onil o a ink lower in the socket. Dick--who, though the youngest of the party, was cer tainly the leader-- drew his chair to the bible, and they all sat round balking in low tones and in a jargon peculiar to their ' pro fesaion.' Dick and Linton were the princi pal -talkers; , tho other listened and quos. tioned, and appeared generally to approve. Dick was the first to move. ' I must be off now,' he said. ' So that's all settled. And, Jem, we'll see to the plate as sharp as Long Billy can get it done. Mind that, Jem. And we mustn't meet here often-it isn't safe. You bring the money on Mmndty, Jaape:', and perhaps by then I shall have hit upon some plan. Good night, all! Come, Mat- you and I'll get away first.' They all said ' Good night,' and then the old wmi.n whom they called ' Liz' was summoned Dick and M at stepped out on to the gar den-path, and went as silently as they had come down to the gate. The others stood listening in the da k. ' There's the wheels,' said Linton-' there ain't another sound Wait a minute.' The t~vo listened with a keennaPs that was the result of long prctic'. The place was many miles from London -- not very far ,from Hampsatead - bu: there were the-in tense stillness of the country and its dark neqs. \- All right I' whispered Jasper. .'.Look Sup, Luz." Come along, Jem.' ? And the two men vanished idn'thle loom of the laie..: 