?. ; . j- » , ,m »? — ______ — — ^— ^— ' PERSONAL. : Mrs. Young (mother of the Minister for Works) died on Saturday last, aged 90 years. Ma. J. M. Sinclair has been engaged fora further term of three years as superintendent for Victorian produce in London. Mr. 'Sam' Simmons, son of the late City Alder man M. Simmons, has been appointed a Justice of the Peace for N.S.W. Joshua Beard, the Streaky. Bay (S.A.) murderer, was executed at Adelaide on Saturday. He died ?with every appearance of firmness, protesting his innocence to the last. The Pope, at a recent audience, gave Fr. Bernard Vaughan a signal mark of favour by presenting him with the Rosary beads used by himself since the opening of his Pontificate. A. Towns, the New South Wales oarsman, who worked his passage to England recently in search of a match, has one on his hands ; W. Barry having challenged him for £200 and the world's sculling championship. A cahle was recently received by members of his family in Sydney announcing tho safe arrival in ' London of Dr. Donovan, Q.C., after a very enjoy able tour in China and other Oriental countries. The Doctor is reported ns in excellent health. The Hon. J; G. Ward, late Treasurer for New Zealand, has been formally declared bankrupt. His own and wife's private fortunes have gone to swell the assets of the institution with which he was asso ciated ; and now he is bankrupt in law as well as fact ! Mr. Denis Cro wley, a very old resident of Albury, and an old member of the H.A.C.B. Society, died on the 1st instant. The funeral was a very imposing one in the number of friends (including the members of the Hibernian Society in regalia) who paid the List tribute of respect. The highest ascent marie by man up mountains is 'believed to be that of Zurbriggen on Aconcagua, when he reached abuut 24,000 ieet, or a little over four miles, while the highest in a balloon was that made by Dr. Bersen, of Berlin, who in 1891 ascended to a height of 30,000 feet. The Right Hon. C. C. Kingston, South Australian Premier, who is to be entertained at a dinner by the South Australian Company this Friday, will after wards pay a visit to Ireland, and will leave for New York by the Cunard line steamer Lucania on the . 24th instant. He will probably join N.S.W. Premier Reid at Vancouver. Dr. G. F. Rutter, senior, resident medical-officer and registrar of the Sydney Hospital, died on Friday last, aged 28 years The funeral on Saturday was very numerously attended, the deceased gentle man having been held in high respect in sporting as well as professional circles. He was a grandson of the late Dr. Rutter, of Parramatta. PvANjitsinghi, the Oriental prince who so ably wields the willow for Oxford University, has definitely decided to make one of Stoddart's cricket team -which visits Australia in October. The ' gate ' money will probably re«ch record figures during the ccming season, for it is not every day a live prince joins forces against our cricketers. Thb glory of it ! A cable on Friday says : — ' Sir George Turner, the Premier of Victoria, left yester day afternoon for Cheltenham, where he stays with the Duke of Devonshire, joining theR.M.S- Orizaba at Plymouth to- morrow.' En voyage Sir George may have time enough to practise his democratic soft felt hat and sac suit for legislative wear in Melbourne. But the reaction must be hard to bear, though the soft hat may, after all, bring comfort to a swelled head. New Australian members of the British Institute of Actuaries, as cabled on Saturday -.—Part II — Class 2 — Sydney : J. F. Little, Mutual Life Associa tion. Class 3 — Sydney : G. F. Diamond, Australian Mutual Provident Society. Melbourne : Norris. Part III— Section A— Class 3— Sydney : E. M. Moors, M. A., Sydney University. Section B — Class 2 — Sydney : E. M. Moors. Section B— Class 3— W. R. Day, Scottish Widows; C. A. Elliott, A.M.P. Society. The Emperor' Francis Joseph oE Austria has (according to a cable this week) wired to the Sultan of Turkey, strongly advising him to promptly con clude terms of peace with Greece on the basis of the conditions suggested by the Foreign Ambassadors at Constantinople. The Emperor further imforms the Sultan that these conditions represent the maximum concessions, and are considered to be of an equitable character. The Emperor [William oi German}' and the Czar of Russia have expressed similar views. The Sultan is reported to be dis mayed at this development. Apropos of the recently-told story of Professor Huxley's joke at the expense of an assemblage of anti-smokers, an old military friend at Parramatta tells one equally good. An officer returned from one of the West Indian ' white men's graves,' remarked to a notable apostle of temperance : 'The company of which I had command was about equally divided (officers included) into two sections — heavy drinkers and total abstainers. Well, before we had been five years on the station the bibulous section were all dead.' ' Ah !' was the response, ' just what I should have thought. Ter rible thing, drink ! And what of the other half ?'.' 'They were dead, too,' was the reply. Multimillionaibe John D. Rockefeller, Presi dent of ths Standard Oil Company, is a man of the typical American character— pushing, far-sighted, and ambitious of the utmost success in his own special line. One of the richest men on earth, he is in manner suave and rather reticent ; in habits do mestic—a good father, bringing his children up in a plain and simple way ; in religion, a Baptist ; in giving, princely but discriminating. It may be mentioned that he has given seven millions of dol lars to the University of Chicago during the last few years. Forty years ago Mr. Rockefeller was running a little refinery at Cleveland, Ohio, and his capital was but small. But he saw that there were ' millions in it.' Along with hift younger brother William he worked steadily to increase his busi ness, then known as ''Rockefeller and Co.' As it developed, the younger opened a branch in New York. It continued to flourish, gradually extending . its operations, and the name of the concern, after being changed several times, though never without a Rockefeller appearing in it, finally was merged into the Standard Oil Company. Mr. Rockefeller has a fortune exceeding £50,000,000, and an income of 42,000,000 yearly. ' ' . M. Radiquet, a French physicist, has been amusing a party of Parisians with a spiritualistic seance, in which all the effects were produced by ' X rays,' The apparatus was concealed from view by black curtains, and the glasses, gems, vase3, and other articles in the room were rendered luminous by the rays. Phosphorescent powders were also employed to ' materialize' a spirit, that is to say, a young lady confederate who played the ghost. Father Tossi, who recently made a tour of Alaska, describes some extraordinary phenomena connected with a small lake named Selawik, situated near the seashore. Tides rise and fall in the lake, perhaps on account of an underground connection with the sea. At the bottom, he says, the water is salt, but on the top there is a layer of sweet water. Hot springs exist in the lake, and around these the water does not freeze, but they are surrounded by circular walls of ice, sometimes three feet in height. Towards the close of his life Frank Butler, of ' Glenbrook' fame, has exhibited a theological dis crimination which was hardly expected. Up to last week he was apparently content with the consola tions of Anglicanism, under Canon Rich's ministra tions ; when he suddenly conceived a yearning for the Wesleyan chaplain. Under the 'softening and reforming influence' exercised by the Rev. George Lane, a daily paper says, the 'sullenness and stoli dity, which for some time subsequent to the sentence of death being passed upon him were Butler's cha racteristic features, have apparently vanished, and he is now looking at the hopeful arid redeeming side of things. But (naively adds our contemporary) the guard kept over him never relaxes.' Butler pays the penalty of his crimes this Friday. Although Tom Taylor's ' Ticket of Leave Man' was written many a day before the advent of the juvenile cigarette, one was forcibly reminded by Dr. Ross's proposed bill for the punishment of small smokers of cigarettes the other night of the irrepressible Mrs. Willoughby. This good lady used to wax indignant over the incorrigible Sam's surreptitious indulgence of the weed, and remind him that 'short pipes is the thief of time and to bacco the root of all evil.' The venerable medico who represents Molong would go further, and tine youngsters under a certain age — at the expense, by the way, of their guardians — for any overt acquaint ance with the pernicious cigarette. Mrs. Wil loughby's and Dr. Ross's methods differ somewhat. In their effects they would amount to about the same. A rather piquant story of President Kruger in which Oom Paul comes off rather to the disadvan tage of the ' cheeky' lady who tells it. Miss Marie Lloyd, a famous music-hall artiste, who has been paralyzing Johannesburg with admiration, attempted to play the part of peacemaker with President Kruger, to whom she was introduced. Her own account : — ' I saw President Kruger at Pretoria, and we had quite a nice chat. I asked him how he was, and he replied, ' Oh, going strong,' or words to that effect. Then I tried to get out of him why he didn't do the square thing by the Uitlanders, and give them their Aliens Immigration Act and close their drifts and things, or whatever it was the Uit landers wanted, and he said if I asked Johnny Jones I should know, see ? He rather got back on me, didn't he ?' Has anyone noticed the instalment plan, upon which new Magistrates have been lately gazetted ? Time v/as when a brave list of some hundreds would bring joy or sorrow to the heart of those who had built great expectations upon a foundation of politi cal services performed. Now all this is changed, and half the glory has passed away in the new system of reinforcement by (say) weekly or fortnightly batches of a dozen. Here is the latest : — James Thompson Paxton, of Springwood ; Philip James Braine, of Fairfield ; William Rapsey Bird, of 58 Windsor street, Paddington ; Charles Bruce, of Stockton ; William Solomon, of Rowntree-street, Balmain; Robert George Mallinson, No. 55 Alfred-street, North Sydney ; Harold Arthur Blomfield, of Clar ence River Heads ; Archibald Cameron, ' The Hollys,' The Mule, Mount Harris ; Charles Cur now, of Emmaville ; Walter Alexander Macpherson, of Paika, Balranald ; Samuel Lindsay, of Yanga, Balranald ; and Harry Lewis Harben, of Balranald. Thus a Tatham correspondent : — In the death of Mrs. Pidcock the people of this district lose a kind and charitable friend, as well as an agreeable and obliging neighbour, and the Church a willing sup porter and a grand old Catholic lady. She was born in Killaloe, County Clare, Ireland, 67 years ago, and brought with her from that country the unblemished Faith of her Fatherland which all the subsequent trying ordeals of city and bush life have failed to weaken or destroy. Mrs. Pidcock came to the Richmond River district about thirty years ago, and with her husband entered largely on farming, when two years later the latter died, leaving his widow and five young children to mourn their great loss. From that time until her children grew to maturity she battled bravely with the rough winds of adversity that assailed her on every side, but with indomitable pluck and perseverance she finally overcame all obstacles, and left at her death ample provision for her children, who are all now well and happily married. The deceased lady lost her eldest child (Mary) in its infancy the year before her husband's demise, another daughter (Mrs. Bons- field) succumbed three years ago, and the survivors are Mrs. Buckler, John, Henry, and Thomas Pid- cock. For the last few months failing health showed itself, and in spite of all that medical skill and good nursing could do, she passed quietly away about noon on Monday, 21st ultimo, and the great con- course of people who attended the funeral gave tes- timony to the general esteem in which she was held by all classes of the community. Her untiring ef- forts in the advancement of her family, combined with industry, perseverance, and sound common sense, raised her to an enviable position, though her large-hearted charity, kindly nature, and genial dis- position gained her many friends, whose heartfelt sympathy flows out to her children in their loss, with hopes that they may follow in her footsteps, and tread the path of honour and probity as exem- plified in her long and edifying life. By precept and example she inculcated in her children all the better attributes of our nature, thereby bequeathing to them a heritage far better than stores of silver or bags of gold. During her illness she was con- stantly visited by the venerable Abbe Schurr from Casino, and Father Fagan from Liamore. the latter priest performing the last sad rites of the Church in the Coraki Cemetery, where the body was laid beside that of her long-lamented husband. — R.I.P. Attention of readers is directed to Messrs. J. I. Marshall and Co.'s dental notice on page 16. Friends in Sydney of Mr. and Mrs. E. Dixon, who left for South Africa a few months ago, will be interested in learning that ' W. E. D.' is secretary of the Fire Assurance Association at Cape Town. A Cape Town exchange bears a public notice over his name informing the ' many headed' that no extra risk would be incurred by an indulgence of loyal fervour in the form of 'transparencies and other methods of illumination' on_ the occasion of the lleeord Reign celebration. Prior to Mr. Dixon's departure from Sydney he was for many years secretary to the Walker Hospital and Consul for Hawaii. Mrs. Dixon (formerly Miss Cora Daley) hails from West Maitland. Samuel Young, M.P., whose grotesque antics at Windsor Castle last week emphasized the fact that he was the only member of the Irish National Party prepared to sink his country's grievances in the interests of grovel, has represented East Cavan 6ince 1892. He is the son of the late Samuel Young, of Portaferry, Co. Down, is married to a daughter of the late Edward Allen, shipowner, of London, and isjthe senior partner in the whisky-distilling firm of Young, King, and Co., Belfast and Limavady, Co. Londonderry, Mr. Young is probably the wealthiest man in the Irish Party. He owns con siderable property in Sydney. 