Hctws lltt (gfetter&L.; Emigration from Ireland is said now to bare sunk to Its lowest ebb since the year 1851. A New Jersey wife, at the. age of 58, has joBt become the mother of her 17th child. AM ber children, nine boys and eight girls, are living. A coaoh filled with holiday-makers at ad American resort was run down by a train at a level crossing, Bix persons being killed and 16 injured. A laby,Jaged 85, is a leader of a church choir in Ryde. She has been a member for seventy, eight years. A father in America is suing a Lutheran minister for damages for christening bis baby by a name which ia not to his liking. Tbe minister claims that he christened tbe infant according to the wishes of its mother. Experiments made in England to retard the ripening of fruit by keeping it at a steady low temperature have succeeded well with .apple® end pears, but not with plums nor with vege- tables. An American woman, who has been divorced five times, is cuipg her latest husband' for dam ages for assault. It is tbe custom of the Michigan Central Rail way of America to present each of its lady pas sengers with a bouquet culled fresh from its own wayside gardens. It iB estimated that the projected tunnel be. tween Beven'and eight millions sterling. At Barnet a boy of 15 placed his neok on the metals and was decapitated by a train, because his mother had threatened t6 yeport bin) tq b'3 father. In Mexico the school children who have made most progress in their studies are givei-j permis sion by their teachers to smoke cigars wbil<? pursuing their lessons. In the Hays of William III, any commoner who remained. single at 25 bad to pay Is fins yearly, and the amount was increased with rank or title. A duke was supposed to be a special offender in not taking a wife, and had to pay for his whim to the extent of £12 10a per an num. Recently at an execution in Bombay lb? hangman was observed to carefully ?ecure tba rope, and particularly that part'of if which bad encircled the neck of the culprit. He stated that be could sell every quarter-inch of it, as i' averted evil spirits and ghosts, and even ptfl" Vented death from hanging. 