MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. Moke about Deadlocks— Several I'jm TOTALS SUBMITTED— A SEDATIVE ADDRESS by Mb. McMillan—Hi: Objects to Wire pullers am) Agitators — Mr. Beak in Lectures tub Small States— Magnani-' jious Sm John Dowxi-ii— Growth or the Federal Spirit—The Laroi: States Compared with a Horseleech — Mu. Beid Praises Mr. Symon's Moderation— Mb. Carruthers Suggests a Cure-all Re medy — Mr. Kingston Evolves " Tee Germ op a Solution ok the Dhticulty"— Mr. Holder Raises a Storm — Mb. Barton Depends the Suggested Ad journment—Three Important Divisions —A New Scheme Adopted—National and Dual Reperendu.ms Scouted—The ."Joint - hitting Proposal Likely to be Carried. The Convention resumed its session this morning, when considers!ion of the deadlock problem was continued. On Friday Mr. Hymon carried a resolution aflirming that suc cessive dissolutions should take place, then Mr. Lyne moved to superimpose a national referendum upon Mr. Symon'a provision, and bir George Turner proposed an amend ment in favour of a referendum as an alterna tive to a dissolution. After the Committee reported progress on Friday afternoon tho Convention gave it the power to recon sider and rescind its resolutions on the deadlock clause. This morning tho do-r bato was resumed. Mr. Bahto.v sug gested that Mr. Symon's resolution should be resoinded, and that the Committee should begin de novo to consider the question. The auggestiou, however, fell Hat. Sir Gjsorob Tcbner wished to settle the matter that day. - Though the question of finance must be left over, he would Continue to press his amendment re garding deadlocks. Mr. Reid said he did not j object to empowering the Governor to dissolve both or either of the Houses. The talk then turned upon what Mr. Deakia punningly described as a Symontaneous against a simul taneous dissolution. Mr. McMillan contri buted a sedative address, in the course of which he said he was opposed to a simul taneous dissolution, because he wished to sus tain in its integrity the bicameral system of gorerm&ent.; He wanted a scheme in which the Governor should have the power to dissolve the House which was longest from the electors. He spoke strongly against attempts that were being, mode to subject the Convention to wirepullers aud agitators, and earnestly entreated repre sentatives not to heed frothy and ephemeral j public feeling, but to frame a Constitution iu the light of their individual conscience—a Constitution which wouid stand the shocks of time. It would be better to leave the matter over tentatively if that course were agreeable to the small States for ultimate consideration by the whole of Australia rather than to attempt to settle it in the present angry state of feeling. It was said that if Mr. Symon's resolution were not rescinded federation would be wrecked, but he believed the people of New South Wales _ would not. make proportional representation a sine quH non. He deprecated any attempt to destroy the principle of equal representation. It would have been better for the small States to have taken proportional representation without checks to the Senate. Replying to an interjection, he said Mr. Lyne was in the evolutionary stago, between the devil aud the deep sea. *He added that finality respecting deadlocks was impossible without destroying federation. (Cheers.) It was impossible to separate State and national interests. - They should not make the House of Represen tatives omnipotent. (Cheers.) Mr. Deakin thought they were uuduly dwelling upon an abnormal and infrequent adjunct of federa tion. He replied to tho objections which had boen urged against a concurrent dissolu tion, and pointed out that the diffi culty regarding the unequal political ilcvolopmcnt of the colonies was vanishing. He said Sir George Turner was willing to delay tho operation of the dissolution for twelve months after the passing of the Bill. Mr. Ricui—"It would want a special incubator to revive it." Mr. Deakin thought that if tho small States had exhibited at Adelaide the same spirit of compromise as had been Bhown hero public feeling would not have been so dangerously roused. The most mag nanimous federal speech yet made was, ho said, that of Sir John Downer in accepting the referendum, which he detested. The growth of the federal spirit at this Conven tion exceeded belief. Mr. Symon con tended that the' provision eloquently advocated by Mr. Deakin was embodied in his proposal, which had moderating influences on the popular passion. He acknowledged the magnanimity of the larger .States, and complimented Mr. McMillan upon his courageous speech. He pointed out to Mr. Deakiu that because the Senate had boen shorn of equal power his argument failed. The increasing demands of the large States resembled the cry of tho horseleech. What ever were tho result of the deliberations the representatives should loyally support the Constitution. Mr. Reid made a long speech in which ho reiterated generalities. He was much pleased with Air. Symon's moderation, but characterised a dual referendum as a monstrosity. Air. Isaacs—"It is working well in Switzerland." Upon general federal legislation Mr, Reid regarded a mass refe rendum as the only means of attaining finality, but he suggested a joint Bitting of tho Houses as an alternative. Sir John Downer supported Air. Symon's proposal, but regretted that Air. Syinon had not opposed all deadlock schemes. Sir John Forrest, who considered they were off the track in reopening the question, repeated his objections to deadlock remedies. Air. Car r.uTHELts recommended the suggested resolu tions which lie had circulated, providing that after the checks for a simultaneous dissolution there should subsequently bo a joint sitting of tho Houses, with a two-thirds- ruajority vote, and finally a single referendum. Ho had also made provision for a one-fourth minority in the Legislative Conference demanding a referendum. Air. Carkuthkrs stated that he. would prefer that the move ment should fail on a distinct cleavage than that it should succeed as the result of an 1111 I'utisfactory compromise. There was no chance of carrying a national referendum, and he would strenuously oppose a dual referendum. Mr. Isaacs offered Victorian opposition to joint sittings, which would mean the extinc tion of tho two-to-one quota, and would confer on the Senate the control of finance. Mr. Cordon was convinced that NewSouthWales would not agreo to a dual' referendum. Ilo had parted from his moorings to find a refuge from the stonn in Air. Car ruthers's proposal for joint sittings, with a dissolution only of tho House of Representatives, but ho refused to alter the quota. Mr. Kingston favoured the sugges tion for dissolving the House longest from tho electors. He repeated his views in favour of the rule of the majority on national questions. A very groat deal could bo said for regarding tho tariff as a State question. He would give a majority of tho representatives of throe of tho small States power to domand a dual refe rendum. Air. Wise and Sir George Turner saw in Mr. Kingston's idea the germ of a solution of the difficulty. Air. O'Connor did not think a single referendum would bo accepted, evon in New South Wales. Air. O'Connor continued the debate at night, when the galleries were crowded. He was favourably improssed with Mr. King ston's proposal, thouglj he regarded that of Mr. G'arruthers as embodying more finality, lie would, as a concession to the Victorians, pormit the Federal Parliament to alter the quota. Air. Gordon—"If you make the quota a shifting quantity the whole thing is a sham." Air. Higgins re ferred to tho dissolving views of the repre sentatives, and blamed Sir George Turner for not fighting for a national referendum. Sir George Turner—"I never had the shadow of a ghost of a chance." (Cheers.) In a bright speech Air. Holder raised a mild storm by labelling Air. Symon's supporters as Con servatives. Air. Kingston's scheme would, ho said, bo better liked the more it was thought of. But why settlo tho matter now? Air. Barton, referring to tho adjournment, repudiated tho idea that tlie/.would bo playing with federation by adjourning. Ho argued in favour of Air. Car ruthere's proposals as affording the simplest and cheapest safety-valve. He adhered to the quota principle. Mr. Glynn regretted that some of his colleagues had refused the Viotorian olive-branch. After controversy regarding the order in which the amendments should be put, Air, Line _ vehemently opposed dual repre sentation, and condemned Sir George j Turner's vacillation as being the cause bf the trouble. Ho asked for -further time for consideration. If the Queensland representa tives wore elected as one electorate thev would favour proportional representation, and if by districts virc verso. The Committee then dividedon Mr. Wise's amendment for the con current dissolution as, alternative to Mr. Symon'a proposal. This was carried by 26 to 20. The minority consisted of Sir John Forrest, Sir James Lee Steere, Sir John Downer, Sir William Zeal, and Messrs. Venn, Crowder, Henning, Dobson, Howe, MoMillan, Fraser, Leake, Symon, Henry, Moore, Grant, Brown, James, Briggs, and . Douglas. . The absentees were Sir Edward Braddou and Messrs. Hassell and Trenwith. The proposal for a national re ferendum was rejected by 36 to 10. The minority comprised Sir Graham Berry and Messrs. Lyne, O'Connor, Carruthers, Brunker, McMillan, Beid, James, Holder, and Deakin. Thedualreferendum amendment wasnegatived by 27 to 18. The minority consisted of Sir j George Turner, Sir Philip Fysh, Sir Joseph Abbott, Sir Graham Berry, Drs. Quick j and Cockburn, and Messrs. Deakin, Isaacs, j Walker, Clarke, Peacock, Brown, Glynn, j Kingston, James( Holder, Solomon, and ; Howe. The decision of Mr. Carruthers's pro- i posal, which is likely to be carried, was post- ' poned until to-morrow. ' ! Sir George Turner will leave for Melbourne j to-morrow night. The Convention adjourned, j at 11.40 p.m., after which the Government ; entertained the representatives and their friends at supper. Mr. Barton espects the session to -be con cluded on Friday. A meeting of twenty-five members of the Legislature was held at Parliament House this afternoon, when it was decided to stump the country after the adjournment of the Federal Convention against the principle of equal representation of the States in the Federal Senate. 