Astounding Locomotor Ataxia Cure. UOCTOliS PRONOUNCED C.V T. HOPELESS. HELD TO is:-; SO BY MEDICAL IIKX THE WOULD OVEU. A L'UOMINKNT SYDNEY M L.A, BKAltS TESTIMONY. [From the Australian IVorkmu.] Our representative made his way to (ht home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45, Crown Lane. Ultimo. Mr Jarvis is one of the bed-known residents of that tli ckl.v populated suburii. He was discovered nursing a baby, and liis face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, lie said: " You waut to know all about my case .' Well, 1 am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who were stricken as I was." " How long weie you suffering.'" " About live and u-hnlf yeans ago I met witli an nucideut; 1 was badly scalded while taking a baili in Pitt-stivel, Sydney. From tile date of the accidcm my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at tbe Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms.'" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two iu every pari of me. I hail no control over my bowels or bladder, and waB a nuisanci: to myself aud every one else. 1 was inceesintly shivering and shaking, and could neitner eat nor sleep. I saw a" wellknown doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. " I came home aud went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks > I could not walk across the floor ;, in fact. I couid not get out of bed. I felt then tlmt it was all over with me, and only a question of daju when f would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all lie could by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. X was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the epinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-otdinating voluntary movcineuts. tie told me that I might last for ten years, and that 1 might nev. r get tho use of my legs." (Just then the pitient kicked bis legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) " Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in'the case of another boilermuker in Bngland, which 1 read in the Australian Worhnmi, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I rend in the advertisement of a ease which seemed lo iit my own. I detei mined 'o give Dr Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat ami sleep as though nothing was the matter with inc. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. Il was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was aMe to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with" the aid of a stick, and was gradually but surely.recovering my former vigor and vitality. Vou sec those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the I'ills, but I w.-s too weak to use them, aud now I don't want them." Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the bnby on hur knees, said Dr Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made .mother man Of bim. A friend who called iu at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short lime back. " I can now," conlinued Jarvis, ' lmve a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. I expect Bhortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade, I am better to-day than I have been at any time d uring the past five years, I ascribe all the change and benefit to thesePink Pills, They have Baved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box oE opiuin and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. lhey can hardly believe their eyes, My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." WHAT Mil LA80R-LEADKR M'UOWEN KNOWS. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.P, leader of the labor party intbeN.S.W. Assembly, was also seen In connection with the remarkable case of Air Tli • mas Jarvis. He says he lias kno'vn Jarvis ivom infancy, lie also knew that he had to give up li.is work at Glebe Island nliattoirs owing to the malady which he deveIo|H!d. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there wiis little chance of his recovery. He undci-slood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable, Mr M'Grwcn was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovc-ry of Jarvis, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as anasmia, poor and watery "oloo3, fcinalo irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They arc not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently restore the whole system. Dr Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemisls, or from the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Perth, W.A., who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 3s or half- dozen for 15s 9d. 