THE WOMAN WITH THE \- HOOD. BY L. T. MEADE, Author of "The Medicine Lady," "Stories from thoDiary of ii Dootor," " Dr. itumsey's Patient." &c.;, &o.; It was late in the October of a certain year when I was asked to become locum, tenena to a~ country practitioner in one of the midland i counties. He was taken ill and obliged to leaveliome hastily,. I therefore entered on my duties without having any indication of the sort of patients whom I was to visit. I was a young man at the time, and a great enthusiast with regard to the medical profession. I believed in personal influenoe and the mag netism of a strong personality as being all conductive to the furtherance of the curative art. I had no experience, however, to guide me with regard to .country patients, my work hitherto having bdbh. amongst the large'popu lation of a manufacturing town. On the very night of my arrival my first experience as a country doctor began. I had just got ipto bed, and was dozing off into a sound sleep, when the night bell which hung in my room rang pretty sharply. I jumped up aud went to the tube, calling down to ask what was the matter. "Are you the new dootor?" asked the voiee. "Yes; my name is Bruce. Who wants mo?" "Mrs. Frayling, of Garth Hall. The young lady is very bad. I have got a trap here; how soon can you be ready?" "Ina couple of minutes," I answered. T hastily got into my clothes, and in less than five minutes bad mounted beside a rough looking man, into a high gig. He touched his horse, who bounded off at great speed, and I .found myself rattling through the country in the dead of night. "How far off is the Hall?" I asked. " A matter of two miles," was the reply. " Do you know anything of the nature of the yotyig lady's illness?" "Yes, I do; it's the old thing." " Can you not enlighten me?" I asked, see ing that the man had shut up his lips and employed himself flicking his horse with his long whip. Tho beast flow on faster and faster, the man turned and fixed his eyes full upop me in the moonlight. "They'll toll you when you got there," ho said. " All I can say is that you will do no good—no one can—the matter ain't in our province. Wo are turning into tho avenue, now; you will soon know for yourself." We dashed down a long avenue, and drew up in a couple of moments at a door sheltered by a big porch. I saw a tall lady in evening dress standing in the brightly lighted hall within. " Have you brought the doctor, Thompson?" I heard her say to tho man who had driven mo. "Yes, ma'am," was tho roply. "Tho new doctor—Dr. Bruce." "Oh! Then Dr. Mackenzie has really left?" " Lie left this morning, ma'am. I told you so." "Come this way, Dr. Bruce,"she said. "I am sorry to have troubled you." She led me as she spoke across the hall and into a drawing-room of lofty dimensions, beau tifully furnished in modern Btylo. It was now between one and two in tho morning, but the whole house was lit up as if tho night weie several hours youngor. Mrs. Frayling woro a black evouing dress, low to iho neck .and with demi-sieevos. She had dark eyes and a beau tiful kindly face. It looked haggard now and alarmed. "Thefuot is," alio said, "I have sent for you on a most extraordinary mission. I do not knoW that 1 should have troubled a strango doctor, but I hoped that Dr. Mac kenzie had not yet left." "JfoJoft this morning,"I said. "Jle was very ill; a case of nervous breakdown. He could not even wait to give me instructions with regard to my patients." "Ah, yes," she said, averting her eyes from mine as she spoke. "Our doctor used to be as halo a man as could bo found in the country round. Nervous breakdown ; 1 think I under stand. I hope, Dr. Bruce, that you are not troubled with nerves." " Certainly not," I answered. " As far as I am concerned they don't exist. Now what can I do for yon, Mrs. Frayling?" " I want you to see my daughter—I want you to try and quiet her terrors. Dr. Mac kenzie used to be able to do so; but of late " " Her terrors!" I said. " I must ask you to explain further." " I am going to do so. My daughter Lucy —sho is my only child—is sorely troubled by tho appearance of an apparition." I could scarcely forbear from smiling. " Your daughter wants change," 1 said— "change of scono and air." "That is the queer thing," said Mrs. Fray ling. "She will not take ohange—nothing will induce her to leave Garth Hall; and yet living hero is slowly but surdly bringing her to her grave or to a worse fato—that of a lunatic asylum. She went to bed to-night as usual, but an hour afterwards I was awakened by her screams. I ran to her room, and found her sitting up in bed trembling violently. Her eyes were fixed on a certain part of the room ; they were wide open, aud had a look of tho most horrified agony in them which I h.avo never seen iu the human face. She did not nee mo whon 1 went into tho rqom, but whon 1 touched her hand she clasped it tightly. " 'Toll her to go away, mother,' sho said, ' she won't stir for mo; I cannot speak to her, I have not courage, and she is waiting for ine to speak; tell her to go away, mother—toll her to cease to trouble me—tell her to go.' "I could see nothing. Dr. Bruce, hut she continued to staro just towards the foot of her bed, and described tho terrible tiling which was troubling her. "'Can't you soe her yourself?' she Baid. ' She is a dead woman, and she cornea here night after night—see her yollow faco—oh, mothor, toll hor to go—toll her to go!' " 1 did what I could for my poor child, but no words of mine could soothe or reassuro her. The room was bright with firelight, and thoro woro several oandles burning—1 oould not sco a soul. At last tho poor girl faintod off with terror. I then sent a messenger for Dr. Mac kenzie. Sho lies now moaning in her bed, our old nurRO is sitting with hor. She is torribly' weak, and drops of agony aro standing on her forehead. She cannot long continue this awful strain." "It must bo a case of delusion," I said. "You say you saw nothing in the room?" "Nothing; but it is only right to tell you that this house is haunted." I smiled, and fidgotted in ray chair. "Ah! I know," said Mrs. Frayling, "that you naturally do not boliovo iu ghosts and ap paritions, but porhaps you would ohango your mind if you lived long at Garth Hall. 1 havo lived hero for the last twelve years, and can certainly testify to the fact of having hoard most unaccountable, sounds, but 1 liavo never seen anything. My daughter, Lucy, has been. educated abroad, and did sot oometoGarth Hall to live nntil three monthsago; itwaa boob after, this that the apparition began to appeartoher. Now it is her nightly torment, and it ueimply.killing her, and yet she refuses to go. Eveip day she saya to me, *1 know, mother, that that awful spirit is in fearful trouble, and perhaps to-night I may have the courage to speak to it,'but night after night much the same thing takes place; the poor child endures the agony Urftil she faints right off, and each day hor -nerves are weaker and her whole strength more completely shat tered." ■ " Well, I mil go up now and see the patient, I said. "It is of course nothing whatever but a case of strong delusion, and against her will, Mrs. Frayling, it is your duty to removo your daughter from the house im mediately." "You will tell a different story after you have seen her," said the mother. She rose as she spoke and conducted me up some shallow bright-looking stairs. She then led me into a large bedroom on the first land-" mg. _ The fire burned brightly in the grate, and four or' five candles stood abont in diffe rent directions. Their light fell full upon the form of a very young and extremely beautiful girl. - ■ 1 Her _ face was as white as the pillow on which it rested; her eyeB were shut, and the u i m8e of her long eyelashes rested on her cheeks; her hair was tossed over the pillow; ner hands, thin to emaciation, lay outside the coverlet; now and then her fingers worked convulsively. Bending gently forward I took her wrist between my finger and thumb, Thepulse was very faint and slow. As 1 was feeling it she opened her eyes. " Who are you?" she asked looking at me without any alarm, and with only a very lan guid curiosity in her tone. "I am the new doctor who has come in Dr. Mackenzie's place," I answered. " My naiiie is Bruce." She gave mo juBt a ghost of a smile. "Mine is not a case for the doctor," uho said. "Has mother told you what troubles me?" "Yes,''I answered. " You are very nervous and must not be alone. I will sit with you for a little." "It makes no difference whether you are here.or not," she said. "She will come back in about an hour. You may or may not see her. Sho will certainly coine, and then my awful terrors will begin again." "Well, we will wait for her together," I said, as cheerfully as I could. I moved a chair forward as I spoke, and bat down by the bedside. _ Miss Frayling shut her eyes with a little impatient gesture. 1 motioned to Mrs. Fray ling to seat herself not far away; and going deliberately to eomo of the candles put tbeui out. Tke'light no longer foil strongly on the bed—the patient was in shadow. I hoped.sho might fall into really deep slumber and not awaken till tbe morning light had banished ghostly terrors. She certainly seemed to have sunk into gentle and calm sleep; the expres sion of her face seemed to smooth out, her brow was no longer corrugated with anxious wrinkles—gentle smiles played about her lips. She looked like the child sho was. I guessed as I watched her that her years could not number more than seventeen or eighteen. "Sheis hotter," said Mrs. Frayling. "Sho may not have another attack to- night." As she spoke she rose, and telling me she would return in a few minutes, left the room. She and I were the only watchers by tho sick girl, the servants having retired to bed. Mrs. Frayling went to fetch something. She had scarcely done so before I was conscious of a complete chango in the aspect of the room it had felt home-like, warm, and comfortablo up to this moment; now I was distinctly con scious of a sense of chill. I could not account for my sensations, but tnoat undoubtedly my heart began to beat more quickly than was quite agreeable; I felt a creeping sensation down my back— tho cold seemed to grow greater. 1 asid to myself " The fire wants replenish ing," but I had an unaceountablo aversion to stirring; 1 did not even want to turn ray head. At the same moment Miss Frayling, who had been sleeping so peacefully, began evidently to dream. Her faeo worked with agitation; sho suddenly opened her eyes and uttered a sharp, piercing cry. "Keep her back," she said, flinging out her arms, as if sho wanted to push something from her. I started up instantly, and went to the bed side. At this moment Mrs. Frayling came into the room. Tho moment she did so the sense of chill and unaccountable horror left me; the room became once more warm and homo-like. I looked at tho fire, it was piled up high in tho grate and was burning merrily. Miss Frayling, however, did not share my pleasauter sensa tions. "I said she would come back," she ex claimed, pointing with her fiugcr to the foot of the bed. I looked in that direotion but eould seo nothing. " Can't you see hor? Oh, I wish you could see her," sho cried. "She stands there at the foot of the bed ; sho wears a hood, and her face is yellow. She has been dead a long time, and I know she rfants to say something. I cannot speak to her. Oh, tell her to go away ; toll hor to go away." "Shut your eyes, Miss Frayling; do not look," I said. Then I turned and boldly faced the empty space where the oxcited girl had seen the apparition. " Whoever you aro, leave us now," I said in an authoritative voice. "We are not pre pared for you to-night. Leave us now." To my surprise Miss Frayling gave a gleeful laugh. " Why, Rhe hag gone," she exclaimed in a voice of relief. " She walked out of the door —I saw her go. I don't belicvo she will oome back at present. How queer! Then you did soo her, Dr. Bruce?" " No," I answered ; " I saw nothing." " But she heard you ; she nodded her head onoe and then wont. She will come baok again, of qourse; hut perhaps not to-night. I don't feel'frightened any longer. 1 believe I shall sleep." Sho snuggled down under the bedclothes.' "Have sonio of this beef-tea, Lucy," said her mother, briuging a cup up to the bedside. It was steaming hot, she had gone away to warm it. "Yes, I feel faint and hungry," replied tho girl; she raised her pretty head and'allowod ner mother to feed and pet her. "I am much better,'' she said. "I know she won't come back again to-night; you need not stay with me any longer, Dr. Bruce." " I will stay with her, doctor; you must lio down in another room," said the mother. I consented to go as far as tho ante-room. Tliore was a comfortable sofa there, and I had scarcoly laid my head upon it before I fell into a Bound slumber. When I awakened it was broad daylight and Mrs. Frayling was standing over me. " Lucy is much bettor and is getting up," Rlie said. "She looks almost herself. What an extraordinary effect your words had, Dr. Bruce." " They came as a sort of inspiration,"! snid ; I did not mean them to bo auy thingspocial." "Then you do not believe that sho really Baw tho apparition?" "Certainly not; her brain is very much ; excited and overwrought. You ought to ! take her away to-day." "Thatis thequeer thing," said Mrs, F»y ling, i i y outhat ehe would not consent toleaye thehouso, believing, poor child, that her mission was to try and oomfortibis awful• ghfjptiia caseshecould summon ooonge to *pn&kto; it,; ;She told me thjui morning, bow- - «Vor,.that 'nbe was -quit# willing; to go, and suggeisted that we should sleep at the Metro oneiu towutomierbt," . "Thebestthingpossible," Isold, "Take her awayimmediately. Give her plenty of occupation arid'variety, and let her see heaps of. cheerful people. She will doubtless soon getoverhorterrors." "It is, very strange," repeated Mrs. Fray--] liqg, "Hor attitude of mind seems oom- ' pletely altered. . She wishes to see you for a ; moment before you leave us. 1 will meet you in thehreakfast-room in a quarter of au hour, Dr.Bruw;'1 , I made a hasty toilet and followed Mrs. Frayling downstairs. We ate breakfast almost -in silenoe, and just before the meal was o ver Miss Frayling made her appearance. - She wm-a very slightly built girl, tall and : graceful as a reed. She oame straight up to ■ me. .. ,*• 411 don't know how to thank you," she said, .holding out ber hand. .. ■" Why?" I askod in astonishment. " I am glad I was able to relieve you, but I am rathor puzzled to know what great thing I really . '.'Why, don't you know?" she answered. "Can't you guess? She will come to you now. I uoii'v ueiieve she wiii trouble me any more." " Well. I ani stronger to receive her than you are, I said, smiling and ttying to humour the girl's fancy. Soon afterwards I took. my leave, and re turned to Dr. Mackenzie's house. I spent the _ day without anything special occurring; and in the evening, being dead tired, went to bed as UBual. _ Dr. Mackenzie's house was au essen tially modern ono. Anything less ghostly than the squarely- built cheerful rooms could eoaroely be imagined. X was alone m the liouBO with the exception of his servants. I. went to bed, and had scarcely laid my head on ' the pillow before I was sound asleep. I was Budaenly awakened out of my first slumbers by some ono calling to mo though the spoak ing-tube. " Yes, I will coino immediately," I an swered; 1 sprang out of bed and appliod my ear to the tube. "Youaro wanted at Garth Hall,"said the voice. "But surely there is no one in there to night?" I said. You are wanted immediately. Come with out delay," was the reply. "I will be with you in a minuto," I an Bwored. I felt almost annoyed, but there was no help for it. I hurried into my clothes and wont downstairs. "How very silly of Mrs. Frayling not to have talccu hordaughter away—shall J have to go through a repotition of last night's sceno over again?" I thought. I opened the hall door oxpocting to soc a horse and gig and the man who had driven mo the night before. _ To my astonishment thoro was not a soul in sight. "What can this .moan?" I said to myself. "Has tho messenger been careless enough not to bring a trap—it will bo very troublesome if I have to get my own horse out at this hour— where can tho man be?" I looked to right and loft—tho night was a moonlit one—there was not a soul in Bight. Very much provoked, but never for a moment doubting that J. was really summoned, I wont off to the stables, saddled Dr. Mackenzie's horse Rovor. and mounting, rode off to Gurth Hall. Tho hour was quite late, between twelve and one o'clock. When I. drew up at tho door tho house was in total darkness. " What can this moan?" I said to myself. I rang a hell fiercely, and aftor a long time a servant put her head out of an open window. . " Who is there?" she asked, ' I—Dr. Bruce,"' I criod. " I have beon sent for in a hurry to see Miss Frayling." " Good Lord J J heard the woman exclaim. "Wait a minute, sir, and 1 will come down to you," alio ehoutod. In a couple of minutes the great hall door was unchained and unlocked, and a respect able middle-aged woman stood on the steps. "Miss Frayling has gone fo London with her mother, sir," she said. " You aro quito cor tain you woro sent for?" "Quite," I answered. "Your man—tho ma.ii who came last night—." "Not Thompson !" she cried. " Yes, the samopian callod for mo through tho speaking tube to eotno hero at once—ho said Miss Frayling was ill, and wanted me." "It must huvo been a hoax, sir," said the.] housokoupor; but 1 noticed a troubled and porplcxea look on her face. "I nin very Borry indeed, but Miss Frayling is not hero— wo do not expect tho ladies hack for some woeks," she added. "Iam sorry I troubled you," f answered; I turned my horse's head and wont home again. ( Thoifoxt day I sot enquiries on foot t tli regard to tho hoax which had been played upon me. Whoever had dono tlio trick, no ono was ready to own to it, and ] noticed that tho servants looked mysterious and nodded their heads when 1 said ic was to Garth Hall I had been summoned. The next night tho same thing occurred. My night bell was rung and a voice shoutod to me through tho speaking-tube to como imme diately to Garth J lull. I took no notice what ever of tho trick, but determined to lay a trap fot tho impertinent intruder on my roposo for tho following night. I had a very savage dog, and I tied him outside the house. My house keeper also agreed to sit up. Between twelvo and one o'clock I was called again. I flew to my window and looked out. There was not a Boul in sight, but a queer senso of indescrib able chill and unaccountable horror took BUddon possession of mo. Tho dog was crouching down on the ground with his face hidden in his paws; ho was moaning feebly. I dressed, wont downstairs, unchained him, and brought him up to my room. Ho crept on to my bed and lay tiiore trembling; J will own to the fact that his master shared the un aoonuntablo horror? What was tho matter? 1 dared not answer this question even to myself. Mrs. Marks, my housekeeper, looked very solemn and grave tho next morning. "Sir," she said, when she brought in break fast, " if I. woro you, I would go away from horo. There is something very queer at tho Hall, and it seems to mo—hut thoro, I cannot Bpoak of it." "Thoro are somo things best nob spoken of," I said shortly. " Whoovcr is playing mo a hoax lias not chosen to reveal himself or lier self. We can best tire the nulucky individual out by taking no notice." "Yos, sir; perhaps that is host. Now I have got some news for you." " What is that?" I asked. " Mrs. and Miss Frayling roturned to tho Hall this morning." "This morning!" I oxolaimod in astonish ment ; "but it is not yet nine o'clock." " Truo,; Rir; but early as the hour is they passed this house not half an hour ago iu tho closed brougham. Misb Frayling looked vorv white, and tho good lady, hor mother, full of anxiety. I caught a glimpse of them as I was cleaning tho Bteps. I doubt not, sir, but you will bo summoned to the Hall to- day." "Perhaps so," I answered briefly. Mrs. Marks looked at ran as if she would say something further but refrained, and to my reliff soon afterwards left mo alone." ili^fac I fimshedmy breakfast and wept'oat about; iay daily rounds-I do notthink tnyaelfdesti- - : tjute of ^plupk, but. loannot -pretend tint:! J Ijkod the present position. What was the. myateryf What horrible dark jbko wasbeing ] played ? J With my healthy bringing-up 1 , oould not really iasbribe the thing to super* I natural agency. A trick fcbefe'was of course.■ 1 vowed that 1 would find 4t put before Iwas ] much older; buk then I remembered the chill i and the terror which had assailed me when ■ sitting, up with Miss Frayling. The Bame chill ana terror had come over me when 1 suddenly opened my window the night be fore.-' •■■■ "The.best thingT can do is not to thinkof this/' I commented, and then I absorbed tnysolf with my patients. Nothing occurred of any moment this day, nor was [summoned to attend the ladies at Garth Hall.. About 10 o'clock that night I had to go rut to attend a farmer's wife who was suddenly taken ill. I sat with her for a' little time and did not return till about half past 1L I thou wont straight up to my room and went to bed. I had scarcely fallen into my first slumber when I woe aroused by the sharp ringing of my night bell. I felt in clined for a moment not to pay the least atten tion to it, but as it rang with a quick impera tive sound, I got up, more from force of habit than anything else, and calling through the Speaking-tube, applied my ear to it. " Dr. Bruce, will you comb at once to Garth \- Hall?" oalled a voice. "No; I will not," I called back.in reply. There was a. pause below, Evidently of astonishment—and the voice called again. "I don't tiiink you quito understand, sir. Mrs. Fravling wants you to visit Miss Fray ling immediately; the young lady is very ill." I was about to put the cap on the tube and return to my bed when I distinctly heard the crunch of wheels beneath my window and tho pawing of an impatient horso. I crossed the room, threw open the window, and looked out. A horse and trig wore now standing undor the window, and tlie man, Thompson, who had summoned me on the first night, was staring up at mo. '' For God's Bake, come, sir," ho said. " Tho young lady is mortal bud." " I will bo with you in a minute," I said. I dressed myself, trembling. Iii an incredibly short space of time Thomp son and 1 arrived at tho Hall. Through our entire drive the man never spoke, but when we drew up at tho great porch he uttered a heavy sigh of relief and muttered the words— "The devil is in this business, I don't pro tond to understand it." I looked at him, but resolvod to take no notico of liia quoor remark, Mrs. Frayling met ino on the steps. "Come in at once," she said. She took both my handR in tiers and drew mo into the house. Wo ontorod her cheerful drawing-room. Tho poor lady's face was ghastly, her oyes full not only of trouble, but of horror. "Now, Dr. Bruce," she said, "you must do your beBt." " In what way?" I said. "1 fear my poor girl is mad. Unless you can inanago to roliovu her mind, she oortainly will be by morning." " Tell mo what has happened sinco I last saw you, as briefly as possible," I said. "I will do so," she replied. "Acting on your instructions Lucy and ] wont to the Metropola. Slio was quite happy on the first day, but in the middle of the night grow very much disturbed, She and I woro sleeping to gether. She awakened me and told me that the apparition at Garth Hall was pulling her —that tho woman in tho hood was impera tively demanding her presence." I know what has happened,' said Luoy. ' Dr. Bruce has rofused to help lior. She has gone to hitn but ho won't respond to her efforts to bring him on tho scone. How ciuel he is!" I. soothed the poor child as best I could, and towards morning she dropped off to asleep, 'l'hc next night slio was in a still greater state of terror, again assuring mo that tho lady in the hood was drawing her, and that you, Dr. Bruce, were turning a deaf car to her entrea ties. On tho third night she became almost frantic!. " 1 must go back," she said. ".My spirit is being torn out of my body. If I am not back at Garth Hall early in the morning 1 shall die." "Her distross and horror wero so oxtremo that I had to humour her. Wo took tho very earliost train from London, and arrived at tho Hall at nine o'clock. During tho day Lucy was gentle and subdued ; she seemed relieved at being back again, told mo that she would go early to bed and that slio hoped that she might have a good night. _ About an hour ago I hoard hor screaming violently, and, rtiHhing to her room, found her in almost a stato of col lapse from horror—she kept pointing in a certain direction, but could not speak. 1 sent Thompson off in a hurry for you. As soon as evor 1 saiil J would do so who boeamo a little bettor, and said she would dress herself. It is her intention now to ask you to spend the night with us, and if possible spoak again to the horrible tiling which is driving my child into a madhouse." "I will tell you something strange," 1 said, when MrR. Frayling paused, " 1. was un doubtedly called during tho hist throe nights. A voice shouted through my speaking-tube, desiring mo to oomo to Garth Hall. On tho first night I wont, feeling sure that 1 was really summoned ; eiuco then 1. have believed it was a hoax." "Oh, this is awful," said Mrs. Frayling, trembling excessively; slio turned and asked mo to follow hor upstairs. Wo entered tho same spacious and cheerful bedroom; Luoy Frayling was now pacing up and down in front of tho firoplace; she did not notico cither of us when wo came in, tho ox-proHsiop on hor fane was almost that of an insane person. Tho pupils of her oyos wero widely dilated. "Luoy," said hor mother, " iiore is l)r. Bruce." fihu pausod when my name was mentioned and looked at mo fixedly. J fur o.vos grew dark with anger—she clenched her hand. "You wero faithless," slio wild; "slio wanted you, and you would not aoeopt tho burden ; you told me when last I saw you that you were glad she had tuvnod to you, for you uro stronger than mo, but you arc a coward." "Cuiiid, come," I said trying to speak cheer fully. "1 ain hero now, anil will do anything you wish." " I will prove yon," said Miss Frayling, in an oagor voice; "sho will oomo again pre sently ; when slio comes will you speak to her? "Certainly," I replied; " but, remember, I may not see her." "1 will toll you when sho appears; I will point with my bond—1 may not have powor to utter words—but I will point to whero she. stands. When I do, speak to hor; ask her why sho troubles us—promise—you spolco onoe, speak again." " I promise," I replied, and my voice sounded solemn and iiitonso. Miss Frayling lieaved a deep sigh of relief; she wont and stood by tho mantelpiece with hor hack to the fire. 1 sat down on tho nearest chair, and Mrs. Frayling followed my example. The clock ticked loudly on the mantelpiece, the candles burned with a steady gleam, the fire threw out cheerful flames, all was silent in tho chamber. There was not a stir, not a sound. Tho minutes flew on. Miss Frayling stood as quiet, as if sho wero turned into stone; suddenly she-spoke. "There is an adverse influence Lore," sho Mid/ > :"Mother, mil yoti ga into the ante- ] room. 'You can leave -thB door open, bat] ytfUlyoti^teyin^eanto-room for a little?" ' Mm. Frftylingglanoed at me ; I nodded to: herto comply. She left the room, going into | a pretty little boudoir out of which the bed room opened. I could see her from where I ; eat.IiUoy noTi'slightly altered her position. I saw that her cyea were fixed in the direction i of another door, whioh opened from-, the out side corridor into the room. I tried to apeak, to say something cheerful, but she held up her ] finger to stop me. "Sbelscoming," she said in a stifled voice. " Z feel the' first stirring of the indescribable agony which always heralds hor approach, j Oh, my God, help me to endure. • Was over j girl tortured as lam before?" She wrung her slight hands, her brows wore knit, 1 saw the perspiration standing in great drops on her brow. 1 thought sue would faint, and was about to rise to administer | some restorative, when in the far distance I distinctly heard a sound; it was the sound of a woman's footsteps. It oame along, softly i tapping on the flocfr. as it came; £ heard the , swish of a dress, the sound oame nearer,-the .{ handle of the door was turned, I started and looked round. I did not see anybody, but immediately the room was filled with that sense of cold and chill which Z had twice be foro experienced.. My heart beat to suffoca tion, I felt my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth, I was so overpowered by my own sensations that I bad no time to watoh'MiBS. Frayling. Suddenly I beard her utter a low groan. I made a violent effort and turned my faco in her direction. The poor girl was star ing straight before her as if she wore turned into stone. Her eyes were fixed in the direc tion of the door. She raised her hand slowly and tremblingly, and pointed in the. direction where her eyeB were fixed. I looked across the room. Was it fancy, or was I conscious of a faint blue mist where no mist ought to bo? I am not certain on that point, but I know nt the same moment the horror which had almost over balanced my reason suddenly lef t ine. I found my voice. "Whatdo you want?" I said. "Why do you trouble us? What is the'mattcr?" Tlio words had scarcely passed my lips before Miss Frayling's face uuderwont a queer oliange; eho was also relieved from the agony of terror which was overmastering her. "She is beckoning," she said; "come quickly." She sprang across the room as she spoke, and soizod a caudle. "Oomo at once," she said in a breathless voioo, "alio is bcokoning—oomo." Miss Frayling ran out of the room; I fol lowed her. and Mrs. Frayling who had como to the door while this strange scene was going on, accompanied us. _ Miss Frayling still taking the lead, we went downstairs. Tlio whole house was full of strange unaccountable chill. We entered the upper hall, and then turning to our left, wont down some steep stairs which lod into a cellar. "Whore are wo going now?" asked Mrs. Frayling. "Come on, mother, come on,"called Luoy, "Slio will tell us what to do." Wo turned at the foot of the stairs into a low arched room with one tiny window. There was a heavy buttress of wall hero which bulged out in an unaccountable manner. The momant we entered this rooin, I,ucy turned and faced us. "She has gone in thoro," she said—"right into tho wall." "Well," 1 said, "now that wo have fol lowed hor, let us go baok—it is very cold m the collar." Miss Frayling laughod hysterically. " Do you think," she said, " that I will go back now. Wo must have this wali opened— can you do it, Dr. Druco? Can you do it now, this moment? Mother, aro there tools any where?" "Not now, doar, not to-night," said tho mothor. _ 4, " Yes, to-night, this moment," exclaimed tho girl. "Let Thompson bo called—wo have not a moment to lose. She went in right through this wall and smiled at mo as she wont, i'oor, poor ghost! 1 believe hor sad wanderings arc nearly over." "What aro wo to do?" said Mrs. Frayling?" turning to ino. "Wo will open the wall at oneo," I said; "it will not bo difficult to romove a few bricks. If you will kindly tell mo where Mr. Thomp son is I will fetch him." "No; I will go for him mysolf,"Baid Mrs. Frayling. She loft the cellar, returning in tho spaco of a few minutes with tlio man. Ho brought a crowbar and other tools with him. Ho and I quickly removed somo bricks. As soon as wo liad <lono so we found an empty space inside into which vvo could thrust our hands. Wo mndo it a little larger and tlion woro able to insert a candle. Lying on the floor withm this spaeo was ft human skeleton. I cried out at tho awful discovery wo had niado, but Miss Frayling showed noitlior sur prise nor terror. "I'oor ghost!" ropeatod-the girl; "she will rest now. It was worth- all this fearful suf fering to bring hor rest at last." The discovory of tho skeleton was tho topic of tho neighbourhood. It was given Christian burial in due course, and from that hour to this tho ghost at Garth llall lias never ap peared. I cannot protend to account for this story in any way—no one has ever found out why thoso human bones were built into tlio old wall. The whole thing is queor and unac countable, a phenomenon which will not bo explained on this sido of Htornity. I'l'iiii Km] 