A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. TEE INTERESTING CASE OF MB. THOMAS ' JARVIS, WHO SATS THAT A FEW WEEKS 'AGO HE WAS CARPPLED—PARTIALLY PA&ALTZED;, SDFFEBIKG FROM LOCO- MOTOR AT\XY, AND HELPLESS DOCTORS. HOSPITAL ATTTHOKITIES AND KVE':T-0;NE SAID HE MOST DLE AS HTS CASP WAS HOPELESS A ND" THEY WERE MISTAKEN.—' O DAT HE IS A? NEW MAN, FULL OP LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAT, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETUBNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OOT AND ODT. SO much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published thefaets again as they appeared in the Australitm Workman a few weeks ago :— One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Thomas Jarvis. 45 Crcwn-lane, Ultimo. He was discoverd nnrsing a two-year-old baby aud Ins face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He vac up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fasts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " Mow long were you suffering ? " Well, twelve mont hs aco I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, uextChrHtmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath 111 Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in tailing heilth and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " H'hat were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much a3 I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladders and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions " '' Did you make use of the order ? " " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact. I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only & question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks He came to the conclusion that I was sffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, haracterised by peculiar disturbances of gait ;ind difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might ast for ten years, and that I might never et the use of my legs. (Just then the atient kicked his legs about with energy o show that medical opinion is not infallible. Well, just as a drowning an will grasp at a straw, I grasped at n idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the ase of another boiler«maker in England hich I read in the Australian Worlnnan, by r. Williams, Pink Pills for Pale People. I ead in the advertisement of a casa which eemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was iucredible. 1 immeditely left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills duriug the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a sick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too waak to U3e them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "Heis 100 per cent, better." said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of hira." Afriend who called iu at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now." continued Jarvis," have a cold batb, and all the feeling has come back in my leg If I keep on going the way I am, I bope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am beter to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe al 1 yj6 change emd benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor ^ave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They'can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sen. sation out here.'' Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country 0f the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion,' loss of appetite, shortness of breach, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams'.Pink Pills for Pale Piaople, and are sold by chemists' and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams'Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydneys will forward on receipt of stamps or post order o one box for 2s 9d. or half-doaen for 14s E 9d. Permission lias been given to the police-to •wear serge instead of broadcloth uniforms. Signnr CeocUi,a well known tenor ranger, died suddenly in Melbourne ou Thursday from heart disease. Prisoner Geake was removed to Pentridce on Thusday. , . . h 