THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories aro told about tho povrers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains These old men, it is snid, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws sad forces, which tlio rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for tho purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable >erforinauces. They treated him rather scurvily, bnt interested him all tile same. One day the professor wanted to examine same ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went witli him to the cave wherein tho books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to rend here," snid the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it rnme, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it east not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character,, nud you who now read it have no reason for doubt ex cept that all the lights got t have seen have cast shndows. Belief -or unbelief commonly runs parallel witli one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mail who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him him of n medicine which they believe will mako him well. ' What else bnt doubt could result from his ex perience ? Take an example :-r — "In the spring of 1888." writes our correspondent, "I felt in a low, weak, and languid state. I felt- low spirited and out of sorts. At first uiy stomach was deranged' my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled witli wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, and hitter bile. Later on >1 suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but always had a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply, After I had only taken a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness loft me. Although I Imd no reason to feel any confidence iu this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Cura- ative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor, and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no Bhadow. The latter may be trne enough, hut it cannot by verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, .there is nothing mystic or magical jnMotherSeigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that moBt ailments are bnt symptoms, forms, or phaseB of that universal disease— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And this iB why people believe nil that is told of its. success by eager witnesses. 