O ISTAL. ;THE' NOVELIST TDAYS THE CBevaliear ge laison -. . Rouge. A TALE OF' T'1'E .FRENCH REVOLUTION. CIIAI'l'ER XXV VIT.-Co.?Tvutn. " ili ncclWaplIny you,. then," said LMaurice, "*ItIsuloible, 1my friend; you are i a ualln icilal, neretll ry to It section, unoit ,?il hULve been tried, whilu I have only been yeaotdefender, they will think you guilty, thlrefore remain here. As fir me,, it Is qIlite anuoher thing. I risk nothing, slid thIlerefore may go." "'Go, thenl." .ilid hI. ~ ''h * . .....n.t , Loir s ?liled, shook MauriceE* handl, and went out. Maurice olp lened i will dow and l :oked a aind adieu; but ([fore Loullls had tuaried the corner itf the street he looked Iback mlore than once, null ieach time. an if dra'wn by lnagnletl nllflutueo and mynllatlhby Lolis turnled r mlund, f1ok ed at him, and sciiled. At last, when he disappeared at the corner of the qulay MaLriet closed thi windoww, throw him relf into a fautelil, and fe.ll into oue of Jlloe'l dreamyv lunald whlich in people iof trung minld awl vigorous eu1Co itllcion often are the plreseutimnents ofl ililnr (line, atn they rtseiahlll the cali. gnere ally llreulr?our of the stormu. lie was enftly awa?kened from his reverie, ror, rather. Stupllor, by his offiiclil, who,. on. retlurning' from the executionll of aome roamission, entered with the sprightly air of a servant auxious to commnicentt hie buadget of news. Seelug hirs master lpreocul;lied, he dared not interrllpt him, anil therelore contelted himsnelf hy .onl Sltnntly pa.lsing andrelpasning before hinl, lithout any reasonable cause for sodo . "What is it ?" at length said Mal rice, ",peshk, if you have anything to tell me. "Ah. citizen, another desperate t.on spiraey I" Manricc merely shrugged his shoulders. A consplirney enough to make the .lir of one's hair stand upright,". continued Aceellas. "Indeed!" replied Mnmrice,'like a man neurrtome d to hear daily of thirty con el'lracles, at this epoch. .."Yes,. citizen." replied Agesiln.si "it ldrres nce to frenzy, you see. Nothing elar is thought of; it makes one's flesh "Let lie hear this conspiracy," sajld lnurlee. -"The -Austrian has failed in her at. tempi tQ ecralle." tNonmrtie," eail Maurice, beginning to listen with the greatest avidity. ,'"t se.,ms," said Agesilns, "that thit Widon t'let was i conmmuniceation will. tht girl 'Jerlu, who is toi he guitllo tined to-day. She has not aescaped, ua fortllnate creatutre." "Hon had the queen eommunication with thlis girl 7" demanded Maur ice, who felt the persplration exuding at every pore. .'"Trhlich a carnation. Cain youl ima' gine. citizen, lcon they'could have ronn rey'ed the plan to her in a n rnltion?" Ina ' ihrlntion ? Whlo did this?" ."?Monsieur le Chevalier dle--wait, then. He benre, n fine title; but n? for nome. hrget anit tlh' iniins. A Chelnlier do Chatenn-whallt a fool I ant! It is note a.('hntenui-a Chevalier de Malson." "DTe Maison llouge " "That"'I it." "Impomeihle I" S"llow 'imnpoihble ? When I told you they hbava foinel the trap.door, th9s osb terranenu pasneng, and coarhee." "tin the contrary, you have told me nothing aboit all thi.." "Well, I am going to tell you, then." "fI, on, then. If If it it story, it is, at' least," a g?old lillce." "'No, citlirn, it is not a glory, all,, in pioof of tliIt, I had it friom a citizen pirter. . The 'ritocrat hal t lld: a mine uns! thit minie eonmalnenccd .it l.a L:ie de lv Corcllric, anl terminated:l in the rellnr of.thl" little eabin hblonlginl to .Madnnla Phlnuei?n, whli? has narrowvly isie?aill bhinl arrested na an ncecolice. This wv id I'lumena-you see it nill now, I koil ?7" ''Tes,' replied Manrice, "lbut lfter ivr. rd ,?" "Cnaiet', wife was to escape by the rshterrnnean pnsaage. She already 1:nd her fol.1uO the first step, rhoi imnloan caaught her by her robe. They heat to atrm in the city, and tlhe reanll,jn . the section. - Do you not h?aer the, drmn? Tl'ere I It is said that the f'rituaian are nt, Dulmnrtin, and have reconnoitered as far as the frontiers." in the-midst of this flow of words, a mixture, of troth and falnehood, priobh nhility aund impoelbility, M?aurien eized the windlitg threand. All sprung from the ea-rnation. presented before his eyes to the queep, and purelio?ed by himoielf from the poor, miserable flower glh.' .'This Sraltnotion chntailned the plan of the pnlot, th' whole of which now. burst upon him, eonseete' as it was with the events, more or less true, detailed by Agesilns. Atetht. moment the noise of the ditim wea heard still, and 3naurice listened to th errielr in the street. "'Tremendous conspiracy discover~d at th' tem le by the Citizen Simon. Grand roenfpirncy in favor of the WidowCipet dieovered at the temple." "'Tes. yes," said- Maurice; "it is jlust as .1 thought. There is some truth in all this.' And Louis, in the midst of thl' popiular excitation, goEs to.iffer hidielf.to this girl, and make himself -s: eiupct." Mintriee took up his hat, claspled" hi' swonrdbelt, and with two bounds war in the, ikret,. "'Whern' can he be 7" said Maurice 'to -' hisellf. "Probably on the road to the eof'iergerie." - Afid he rushed toward the quay.. At the extreme end of the Q tal de la Mealpeerle some pikes and bhannets, etandine in the midst of the crowda nt' trneted Jhi attention, and he fancied, in theo',center he oold ditintluiih the cn trfre of'a National Guard, and .fn the Sqiiot. slens of hostile movemnentse: . He Srn:" hi?s heart oppressed aith .the dread of finpelldiin mif.lnrtln~. townard the cila \- regblane on the hanks of thle river. The . aftlonur. Gnaoid pressced Iy the com pap? of Mareeillais weas Lcllp. fJe-?ar. .r~pale, his lip' compreeled, hin eern h-'iwaori!, menealrine the pines !wert eel ela.tud.'to strike the blown he fairy In' tended, ,t i,'flirt on hi, eoward.'in?al, an#ji- Within two feet front TAnllt stood -filmin. "He wasn Inalllin fr?relonaly, nnc. poloting him oat to the Marvelihstn anl the poptllae, aTying: S"r~ook at him! 1,ooh well nt Iliml' fle i none of thcae that I drove from the templ;et ye.terdlay for an arlntocrat. te is our of these who favored the enr reepondenec with the earnatlon'. This i ani neromplice of the girl Tioo'. wve will pnae hsre presently. Well, dlo yom see? he waal quiletly oq the qlay while hbl eoadj:itor 'oe, to 'the Elltlotinn: snl. p'lrhapo, she was even rmore to hmn thar an ascintaict. Fhe might be hip miltre.. anf h* In here to bit h'r 'nre ell, or to try end rave blar." Loni. ?rn not the man to ndre nllirh i e. He drew hin ewncrd from its senhb rrt. At th- nome time. the rnmol open cit Ce admit a man, whcl ruc.hrl hIart laong intor the groc:p, whno. hrcarld slholl lrwhand alread.v lnnekL1 'lown wro or tree IrPtator' who crnre preparincg to ,rntne ta o rc In the scene. "rc. "foe hlnlp itc, con," aIld atanrice. "?Qs tgeetted1 no. ii libil that I wu not with my friend to enable ryo to turn your new title of denuneintor toin full account. Denounce, Simon, denounce! I am h.c." "Ma .oa I yes," said Simon. witl his hideone laugh; "and your arrival is very apropos. This," continued he, "is the elyguut Maurico Liudey, who aus c cused the Satue timte ~a the girl Tisou, but was acquitted becraie he was rich." "A la luaterunl A lIn lnuterue i" cried the Marseilanie. "Yes, forsouth, you had better make the attempt," sald Maurice; and, ad vancin g a step, he pricked oneU .I thi foremost cut-throates in the forchead, so that the blood from his wound hearly blinded hitm. "iHlve at the murdererl" cried the lnatter. 'Th i larieillnia lowered their pikes, r:alt! their ihatchets, and loaded their gn?I, while the frightened crowd die persrd, leaving the two Iriwlau to con tend aluone nagnlt this Storm of blows. They regarded eachl other with a last dil yet sathilallle lile, while citlmly nwaitin their destructionl f rolu the whirl hil of i ron and fllume ;vwieh threalteed theml, when, all at "lltce, the door of the llhoue agaiust which they nere leaning sulldenly opened, and a swarm of young lieolile, attired in the halits of those termed ",MunscadinP," ,or foin, melt wearill a sword and brace of pistols in his girdle reuhed upon the Marseillals, -nud were instantly engaged in, n terrific crtntuat. i 'tluranh I hurrah '." cried Maurlce and Louis, simultaneou.uly, nuimnated iy this unerpected relif, without rellecting thatt to f'light in the ranks of the newcomnlers nwas to Eonfirln SHlrini'as aeelantion. "liaur rnh I" But if they -were torgetfl! lt their own nsafety, ;nanothe'r thought for them. A short young man, anhbout five and-twenty years of atgo', with blue 'yes, who fonllct without any intermiaiion, with infinite srienre andl valor, with a heavy sword, which any one would have thought his deliaente and femiunine hand inclapable of wlveldilgr, perceiving that Afllrlee ano- Lnuis, insteaid of escapnlti by the door, which seemned to have been Irli open with that intention. rem:lined fighting by his side, turned round, saying, in a low voire : "Fly directly through this door; pay no atteution to what we may do here, or yae will uielesaly compromise your' selves." Then seeing the two friends hesltn,t5, he stlddenly rried out, addressing him self to Mafurice: "Away!" sail be; "no patriots nmong is, Citizen lildey; we are aristocrats here." At these words, united to the naldn' city' which woutd lnduce n. maln publiely to nrecuse -himtalf of what at this period must lead to curtain denth. the crowd uttered nllud shcut. Itlt thl fair yonneL man, without evincing any sytmptoms ll alarm; pullh~d Maurice and Louis into "ALAS " SAID IIP., THIS CAUSE IS, THEN, ACCURSED. tile alley, where. he closed the door be hind themn. Ii .theo, with the three or four frlentL "who had been nassitilg him, threw himsell into the melee, which was nonw considerably augeuntedi by the npprnach of'the fatal cart. Maurice and Louli, lthus mlaraculouely sared, regard edl each olther in ancement; hilut cmlllpre. .tiluing they land ni time to lose, sought for eole outlet. hl'lli seemled to ie ve btee nlllnaged expressly for them. Thiley entered a court, and at the enid dicov eled a emall door concealed, whichl opened into La Rue St. Germainoe 'Aux erroil. At this moenllt a detatchment of gcnde.rnoes opened from Pont au Chaiuge, who lhad SnoiU swept over the quay, al" though, fronm the traverse street where. oar two friends lhad concealed themselves, they heard fpr an instant the noise of an obhtiontat straggle. They preceded the cart ihich connducted the hapless IHeloise to the scalliold. "Gallop:" cried a voice, "gallop!" The cart proceeded at a quick pace.endl I.oiia kawr the unfolrtuiate girl standillg, a smile upon liher lips, and calm reliance in her eye. hiut was unable to exchange even aT gesture with her, as she passed ,without seeing him, in the midst of a whirlwind of people,- shouting, "To the guillotine with the nrietorratl to the gUillotine" The noise decreased in the tanlce till they reached the 'ulilerie, Then the little door through which Maln rice and Louis had encaped again opened, andl three or four uecadnlstu., with thelir clothen torn and stained with blood, paened through. It was probably all that remaiued of the little troop. The fairs young nutn went through the last. ,"Alasl" said he, "this cause is,. then accurted!" And, casting from him his sword, notched and bloniy, he rushed toward La Rue des Lavandieres, CHAPTER XXVIII. THE CHEVALIER DE IAISON ROUGE. 'Maurire benatened to return to the sec. tiou to enter a complaint against Simon. It in true that before quitting Maurice Louis. had found a more expeditions way:-: this wan to collect some Thermopyles to lie In wait for him and kill him in a pitched battle. But Maurice was stren. uolsly opposed to this plan. "You are ruined," saldhe, "if yeou make oe oel these means. Crqleh Simon, but do it legally. That ought to.be an easy thing-enough to the lawyers." \- Con?equently, the next morning, Maur ice laid a formal complaint before the section, but was both astonished and nu noyed when the president.turned a dent ear, excueling hnimself by ny lin he could not interfere between two good citizens, each incited by the love of country. "Good!" said Maurice. "I know now how to act to merit the reputation of a good citizen. To assemble the people and to assa?'tliat a nian who displlea's you: this you call being 'incited l?y love of 'country.' Well, I return to Louis' opnlllon, whilh I was wrobn to dispute. After to-day. as you hear, I shall ndnpt iatriotism, and shall first experimenta !lie -upon Simon." 'Ciftoen Maurice," said the president, "yro are, niter all, perhaps more to blame In this affair than Simon. He has disicovered a ronspirery, which it was not his province to du so. You have seen nothing, although the discovery formed part of your dulty and more, youl hver held iRmmunication. occidentally or in tentionally. a-e know not which, with the enemis ofI the nation." I 7" said Mantrir . ,,Well, this is ismethinr now. Anl with whom, protr, .Citizen pejideant 7" "With the Citizen fnison ILruge." "I T' sld Mraurice, stnipified. "I had communication with the Chevalier de Maison Rouge? I do not even know him -I mneer-" r;XE havJ been speaking to him.' i"[ " " " To shake his hand,"' "Yes." '"Where ?- whea Citizen President?" said Maurice, carried away by the firm con' victiou ol his own anucenco. "*You Lbtvis li fl." "Your seal Ifor your colntry carries yon too tar, Citisen M[aurice," said the president, "ned you will regret what you have said, whaen I tell you I can prove whbat I may to you be trlue. I have advanced ,i'thing but the trnth. 1Here are three different reports acculung 'Now,"' naid Maurice, "do you really think meo ailmple enough to believe in your 'Chevalier de Maison Ilouge'T' "And wlty should you not believe it?" "Iteeause it is only the ghost of a conspirator, with whom you always have a couspiracy ready to amuse your oene "Read the dennlciations." "I will read nuthing,"' saidl Maurice. "I protest I have never seen the chelar lier-never spoken to him. Let any one who doubts lay word of honor comu and tell tme so. I shall know how to answer, him." - The president shrugged hisl shoulders; Maurice; who did lint wish to be lnar rears with any one; dlid the siane. An air of gloomy silence pervaded the remain. der of the sitting. After the meeting was concluded; the prealdent, a stanch piat riot, raised to the "highest rank in the" district by the -votes of his .fellonw-cit-' sens, approanched 'Mblurice, nd saihd:; "CVonie, Maurice, I want to speak to Maurice' ollowed the president', who Conducted hill into a little enabiet con tiguous to tlhat where the sittings were held.. i)i arriving there he regarded M3au rice for a moment in silence, then, plae' ing lls han l on his shoulder: ' "M?aurice,"' Paid hle "I knew. and' eo. tremed your father; this makes me esa teem and love you. Believe me, you in cur great danger from want of faith the first falling of it truly revolutionary? spirit. Malnrice, any friend, they• who lat their faith also lose their fidelity. Yau do not believe In the enemies of the nation, therefore you pass near without. seeing them, and become the'inetrumlht In their plots without being aware of it." "What the devil!" said Maurice. "1 know, citizen, that I am a leanbof feeling, and possess some share of patriotic seal, but my seal does not render me a fans tic. There are twenty pretended con spiracies, to which the public ns'elgn the saim name. I demand to face my aecu se'r." "You will not believe in the conspira tor, ,Maurice," onid the president; "thenu, tell me, do you beiieve In the red cara tions for which lieloise Tisou was yester day guillotined?" 1 ' Maurice started, "Do you believe In. the sullbtrranean passage under the temple garden, com mtnieating from the cellar of the Cito yenne Plutmeau to a certain house in I.a RnIe eo Ia Corderle ?"' "No," said ?[auniee. "Then do as Thoma tihe Apostle did 'Go and see.' " "I am not on guard at the temple, and they .vould not allow nme to enter there." "Any one may enter the temple now."' "How is that 7" "head the report, since you are so in eredtslo?s. I shall only proceed by ofl.' cial information." "Well," said Maurice, reading the re port, "this is the point." "Contine." "They have trnepiortedl the queen to the concirgeriere!" cried Maurice. "Do you think tthat from n lream, or what youl call an imnginary iden, or nll idle story, the Comnittee of public Safety would have adopted so grave an mene ure 7" "This ieasure line been adopted, lilt will never be executed, like minny more I have seen, andt all-" "llead to the end," said the pireaidpult and he presented him with the last pan per. "'l'he receipt of Richard. the Iailor of the conceigerie," cried lMatnrice; "lt0e had been there these two hours." This time Maurice remained deep in tholught. "The Commnce, no you know," con tlnued the president, "acts with pro found juldgent. It is digging a furrow long and straight in its course; its iuens ulrs are not puerile, and it hits put in execution the principle of Cromwell: "It is tnot necessary to strike the king except upon the head.' RJend this secret note from the minister of the police." Maricee read: "Seeing that we possess the certainty that the ci-devant Chevalier do Manson Iloinge i in I'aris-that he has been ill several places-that he has left tracer of.his appearance in various plots, hap pify frustrated, I request all chiefs of the ifferent sections to redouble their rigi lance-" "Well? " said the president. "I most believe this," said Maurice; and he continued: "DeItription of the Ohevalier do Ifuison Stouge. In height, five feet three inches, fair hair, blue eyes, straight nose,chest onlt-colored beard, dimpled chin, soft 'voice and hands like a female's." At ttlla description a strangae light burst upon Maurice; he thought of the Snnng nan who commanded the troop of toweadlne, and who, on 'the preceding evening, saved lthe lives of himself anld Louis. and so valiantly drew his sword upon the Mearecillais in their defense. "Alordieu!" exclaimed Maurice, "it mout be he; in that case, the lenomina. tion'wouldl not be false. I spoke to him, but I can not remember taking his hand." . "Maurice," said the president, "what do you say to all this now, mon amd 7" "That I believe It," seaid Maerice; ms ing sadly, who, for some time poast, with out. taderetandiag what evil influliee saddened his life, had noticed everything dnrkening troand him. "Do not 'pet then with popularity," said the puesident. "In these days, Matirice, pplnrity is lifel. As for umpotplnrity, It is to h etstpected of treason, and the Citizen, Maurice Tindey oleht not even Maurice had nothing to reply to senti ments en ouch In nceordance with his own.' He thanked hi old fried and hu Dit ted the' section. "Ah!" stutrarrted be. "there :is too tnnch nspiiotan nltid skirmishing. Now," dlrawnli"g a deep brteath. "nlln,-obr fence, inoeliee. aind Jliy-'nuow to (setileriee." IAntl ahtrice rtook the roadi to the Old oln St. Jnceliee. Whn he recnthed u the nboda of the nea ter tanner,Dixma r and Morand were nup ji'.tiltg (enevieve. "rho was vueffe~,ing from a vlolelnL attack nof h teric, 'rliima, Instead '1 anterilngi.ttereamonlounlyD ua he ?a'? accutotuted to do, a servant met him in ±he passage. t I "Anauriice itie," soid he, "and ii Dlx met can not conieniently receive tne, I iaill 'retire.' - Ths domeetic entered the little' ialio =litle .Maurice remhinled lan'eile gardcen It seemed'to hin that somnethlng etrauitig was golng on Ia the hansee; nnd the work' men. inutead of belng ocecnpied In their 'tnitu nmpleament. "acre walkink liotles. ly ebhltt the garden. At length, Dlmer himself apiteaeed. "Come in 'leer Manriee," said he; "come in voiI ar not one ni those aunlaet whom the door (a closed." . "What is the matter'" ineuired the young mao. "CGeeeieve is Il." said Ditmer; "in dee'l more theti ill--ehe ia dclirloete." "Ah. mon tieu:" cried the young anno, orercome at necin encotineering trial tlnd -uflering. "'hat1 then, ts the matter Si|th her 7"' 'Lu as oegruiuas 