HER MAJASTY'S DIAMOND JUBILEE. DESCRIPTION OF THE CORONATION. TO-DAY'S ENGAGEMENTS. The public thanksgivings and rejoic- ings in the fact that her gracious Majesty Queen Victoria has been spared to reign for sixty years over the British Empire will culminate in to-day's fes- tivities. Large numbers of visitors have arrived in Brisbane during the past few days to take part in the celebrations here, and with the promise of fine weather, it is certain that nothing will be lacking in the hearty expressions of loyalty to Queen and country. In the morning his Excellency the Governor will review the various corps of the De- fence Force in the Southern part of the colony, who will be assembled in the Domain for that purpose, and to fire the proper salutes and feu-de-joie, after which they will march through the prin- cipal streets. The children's fete will, of course, constitute the big attraction of the day, and their procession may be expected to start from Albert-street shortly after 9 a.m., marching by way of Queen and Wickham streets to the Ex- hibition Grounds, where they will be entertained by the City Council. The South Brisbane children will assemble at their respective schools, where provi- sion will be made for their amusement and feasting, a vote for the purpose hav- ing been passed by the council. Too- wong, Taringa, and other suburban dis- tricts have made special provision for their own children. The Governor will hold a levee at 11.30 a.m., which is sure to be largely attended. The Queensland Turf Club have arranged for a day's races at Eagle Farm. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the Victoria Bridge will be opened by his Excellency, according to the programme published in another column. There will be a football match on the Association Ground. In the even- ing the fireworks display given by Lord Lamington will be the principal event, but buildings in various parts of the city will also be illuminated in honour of the occasion. COUNTRY CELEBRATIONS. (By Telegraph from Our Correspondents.) TOOWOOMBA, June 21. Special thanksgiving Jubilee services were held in all the local churches yester- day. The weather is fina, and everything pro- mises well for the children's Jubilee picnic to-morrow. There was a large exodus of people to Brisbane by train yesterday, and to;day the train was packed. MARYBOROUGH, June 20. There was a large gathering of Sunday school children at the Exhibition grounds this afternoon. Several ministers addressed the assemblage, referring to the occasion of the Jubilee. Arrangements have been made for signal- ling on Tuesday night at 10 o'clock 'on the singing of the Thanksgiving Hymn in Lon- don at noon on Tuesday. The picnic to the children on Tuesday promises to be a great success. All ar- rangements have been completed by the committee. MARYBOROUGH, Juno 21. The Municipal Council, at its meeting to- night, voted £50 for a Jubilee picnic, in addition to the £200 that had already been voted for the Jubilee Grammar School scholarship. The council also decided to donate £25 to the Benevolent Society. A,'large number of people again left by the .mail train this morning for Brisbane, Including the C Company of Volunteers. ROCKHAMPTON, June 20. References werd made In all the churches to-day to the Queen's Ju- bilee. All the sermons had reference to the event, and at many the National Anthem was sung. A large open-air service was held in the'afternoon in the Town Hall reserve, which was attended by a great crowd of people. There was also a special service in the afternoon at St. Paul's Church, at which the Defence Force and friendly so- cieties were present. This was followed by a( Masonic service. At each there were large congregations. ROCKHAMPTON, June 21. The Jubilee celebrations were continued to-day. A great gathering of children was held in Lelchhardt-square, and it is esti- mated that 4000 were present, in addition to which about 1000 adults attended. Sports and games were carried on con- tinuously from 9 o'clock in the morning until 3 in the afternoon, when there was a distribution of toys, and refreshments were also supplied to the little ones. In the afternoon football matches were played be- tween the Gladstone and the Rockhampton Bohemian Clubs, and Mount Morgan and Rockhampton respectively, on the grounds of the Central Queensland Rugby Union, about 2000 persons being present. The first mjjtch resulted in a win for the Bo- hemians, and in the second match Rock- hampton was victorious by 11 points to nil. To-night the oratorio, " Tho Messiah," was performed in the School of Arts, and there was a large attendance. The weather was threatening during the early part of the day, but became fine and bright from about 9 o'clock. BARCALDINE, June 21. A special Jubilee service, conducted by the Rev. Mr. Adamson, was held yesterday in the Methodist Church. LONGREACH, June 21. Although business will bo suspended to- morrow, no festivities are to take place to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee. TOWNSVILLE, Juno 21. Special Jubilee services were held In most of the churches yesterday. The Cathedral, Which was decorated with na- tional flags, was crowded, and a most im- pressive sermon was preached by the Rev. F. G. Williams. The onjy publia recognition! lof the Queen's Juoilee ito-morrow will bo tho children's treat In connection with the Friendly "Societies' Sports, on the show ground., CHARTERS TOWERS, Juno 21. Arrangements for the Jubileo celebra- tions have been completed. Tho churches will hold a special united service, and 0000 children will be entertained in Lissner Park. The procession will be a large one. The private decorations in the town are of an extensive character, and it is expected that 500 people will attend the Jubilee luncheon In .the School of Arts. * CAIRNS, June 21. Great preparations are being made for celebrating the Queen's Record Reign to- morrow. Races will be held at Doncaster Park and Mareeba, and a good programme of sports and a 'children's monster picnic will be held on the Esplanade. THE SOUTHERN COLONIES CHILDREN'S GATHERING IN SYDNEY. (By Telegraph from Our Correspondents.) SYDNEY, Juno 21. The Jubileo celebrations in Sydney have begun in earnest. The weather is, splen- did, bright, warm sunshine prevailing. The city Is gay with bunting, and GtrcaniB of people are pouring in in all directions. A great gathering of public school children Is taking place at the cricket ground, where the scholars are being liberally entertained, and are enjoying themselves. All kinds of games and displays of physical drill are being given at intervals. The Governor and prominent citizens will attend during the afternoon. Patriotic choruses will be sung by a picked choir of 4000 voices. 1 - Later. The principal event of the day was tho gathering -of- State school scholars, on the Association Cricket Ground. The crowd Increased in the afternoon, until It was I estimated that about fifty thousand people had assembled. His Excellency Lord Hampden,'on his arrival, .was received by a guard of honour from the School Cadets. The Governor then addressed the children, dwelling in hie speech on the many excel- lencies of the Queen's character, and stating that it should ho the ambition of the children to cherish tue inheritance which their parents had built up in the Southern Hemisphere during the period of the Queen's Record Reign. A great choir of children sang the» Na- tional Anthom, " Rule Britannia," and other national songs. The Hon. J. Garrard, Minister for Public Instruction, also gave an address, after which the children marched round the ground, and then engaged in various games. To-night the streets of Sydney are crowded, and the general effect of the illu- minations in the city Is grand. One of the features of the Illuminations was the lighting up of the Outer Domain, in which lines of fairy lamps, Chinese lan- terns, and other lights were spread over the grounds, and the effect was very pretty. In the streets the Illuminations were kept going till about 11 p.m. The principal parts of tho city were thronged with people till a late hour. A CABLE TO THE QUEEN. MELBOURNE, June 21. The Governor has cabled to her Majesty the Queen, congratulating her on behalf of the people of the colony on the completion of her sixty years' reign. Later in the day a reply was received from Windsor : " I sincerely thank you and my people of Victoria for your kind and loyal greetings. -Victoria." Representatives of the municipal, religi- ous, and educational bodies presented an address to the Governor expressive of loyalty. > The streets were brilliantly Illuminated this evening, and crowded with people. CELEBRATIONS IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, June 21. The various Jubilee celebrations are being largely attended. The principal events are the military review and sports. The business houses and Government build- ings will be illuminated and bonfires will ber lit on peaks rouud the city. , TASMANIAN FESTIVITIES. HOBART, June^ 21. National concerts are to. be held here and oft. Laainbeston. Extensive ll¡lum!lnatloas are arranged In both cities, and at mid- night the bells will be pealed in honour of the Jubilee. NEW ZEALAND. .' ' AUCKLAND, June 21. The greatest manifestations of loyalty aro now everywhere apparent in connection with the Queen's Diamond celebrations, and illuminations on an extensive scale are being displayed In all the princpal. cities of the colony. . - i . | OPENING OF VICTORIA BRIDGE. The following is the official pro- gramme for the opening of the bridge to-day :—Invited guests to meet at north end of bridge at 3 p.m. sharp. Guard of honour to receive his Excellency Address to his Excellency to be read and presented. Then proceed over the downstream half of the bridge in the fol- lowing order :—Band, members of the board, his Excellency the Governor with escort, Ministers of the Crown, mem- bers of the Legislative Council, the Hon. the Speaker and members of the Legis- lative Assembly, members of North Brisbane Municipal Council and officers, members of South Brisbane Municipal Council and officers, contractors, Rail- way Commissioner, Chief Engineer, Deputy Commissioner, and Portmaster, Fire Brigade Boards ; fire brigades— Brisbane (with steam fire engine), South Brisbane (one reel fully manned), Mil- ton, Ithaca, Toowong, and Brisbane Volunteer Fire Brigades ; general public. On arrival at the south end of the bridge, his Excellency will be asked to name the south approach from Stanley street " Victoria-place." Return by the upstream half of the bridge in the same order, with the exception that his Ex- cellency's carriage will precede the mem- bers of the board. On arrival at the north end, the Governor will name the bridge " Victoria Bridge," declare the same open for traffic, unveil the tablet, and cut the ribbon stretched across the end of the bridge. Invited guests will then assemble in the drafting-room of the Public Works Department, Treasury Buildings. Rosettes will be provided to all in- vited guests. DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS. The following is the programme of the display of fireworks to be given this evening by his Excellency the Governor in honour' of her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee. It may be mentioned that the mortars to be us-ed in connection with the display are not yet to hand, but as they are aboard the steamer Nudflea, now in the Bay, they are expected to reach town early this afternoon : Part I.-Discharge two large aerial Signal maroons, illumination by pris- matic coloured lights, ascent of rocket«, ascent of two large fire balloons. Device No. 1, crown with VR, being commemor- ation imitation device. Part II.-Discharge of commemora- tion batteries, explosion ol' jewelled mines, salvo of tourbillions in various colours and cascades of fire ascending and descending, display of shells, with variation of colours ; fiery pigeons, &c.; Part III.-Display of aquatic fireworks, consisting of batteries, glowworms, Roman candles, golden and silver fountains, flying torpedoes, and floating caudles, accompanied by coloured lights. Part IV.-Discharge of aerial maroons, illumination of prismatic fires. Device No. 2, Alladin's jewelled tree, with varie- gated foliage; ascent of asteroid rockets, with numerous parachutes of various tints ; salvo of four monster shells, con- taining the great golden cloud, and other shells of electric rays. 'Amongst the numerous shells that will constitute this portion of the display will be one of Paine's inivmmoth shells 36in. in circum- ference. Part V.-Flight of large rockets and six large shells, producing " the aerial acre of variegated gems." To follow these will be a display of several large rockets of Paine's latest inventions in colours. Salvo of silver sancessons, Jubilee commemoration mine.' Amongst the rockets in this part are some con- taining the latest invention in fireworks -the " whistling rocket," to be followed by monster shells of " poppies and corn- field," and the " transformation" shell. Part VI. consists of a miscellaneous display of floating lights. Part VII.-Device No. 3, Queensland flag in elaborately worked out heraldic colours, followed by shells. Part VIII.^Grand flight of " whistling seagulls." shelis, rockets, and finish with Paine's " mammoth spreader." Part IX.-Display from river of mag ncGium lights, floating batteries, and Roman candles. Part X.-Ascent of two balloons and grand fusilad» of powerful rockets de- taching numerous floating stars ; flying shells ; grand flight fifty rocket». Pan X. finishes with device "Prosperity to Queensland." Part XL-Ascent of shelis and chain of rockets, and ascent of rockets form- ing a bouquet of crimson star«, finishing up with device. "Falls of Niagara." Part X11.-Discbarge of aerial maroons, ascent of shell«, variety of rockets, colossal portrait of her Majesty artistically shown in linea of fire, and accompanied by flight of large number of commemoration rockets and salvo of twelve large shells forming the " Aurora Borealis," finishing up with a dight of 100 rockets. It should be mentioned that the fire- works will be displayed on the river and river bank, between the Dry Dock and the coal wharves, and will com- mence at S.45 p.m. The public will view them from the Domain. At 10 o'clock, when the ßignai gun is fired from Wick ham-terraee, the National Anthem will be sung. THE REAL JUBILEE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-This sexagenary celebration is a bigger event, drawing forth a wider, stronger, more fervid demonstration of loyalty than that which, ten years ago, constituted the Empire's joy on the con* pletion of fifty years' sovereignty ; but few people are agreed as to the fittest designation for it. If it be the wish of the heir to the throne that it be called the Diamond Jubilee, why should any- body else deny the wish ? The name of tlie richest of gems not unfittingly gives a name to the richest of British reigns. This'is the era of records, so "Record Relsrn" fits the whim. But my object is not to say anything of the beneficence of the reign, or of its unprecedented dura- tion, or of the million-throated acclaim which greets the close of its sixtieth year. It awakens within me reminis- cences of a very pleasant sort, which may not inaptly bo recalled at this jubi- lant era.. Not many Queenslander» had tlie privilege of seeing the august spec- tacle presented by Westminster Abbey on 21st June, 1SS7. I was one of the few, and the splendour of the scene has left a picture on my memory of which the vividness has not dimmed, and is not likely to fade. When the doors of the stately fane of memorials, the mau- soleum of heroes, the shrine of historic associations', and the scene of many royal pageants, were opened at 9 o'clock in the mornbig, and Hie holders of pre- cious cards streamed into "Westminster Abbey, none of the monuments of de- parted greatness were visible ; the edi- fice had been transformed for the occa- sion. Great massive temporary gal- leries bad been erected and allotted to ranks and classes of spectators. What ranks there were ! From live crowned heads and heads which since then have had Imperial crowns put on them, through tlie scarlet and ermine robed aristocracy of the British Empire, through the maroon and saffron robed swarthy princes of the Earct, down to the rar-ks of official militarism and civic officialism. We entered al i) a.m. to secure good seats. All along tlie aisle of the great nave andmon the Royal dais crimson car- pet had been laid, embroidered with the cross of tlie Bath. The stalls and benches of the canons and prebendaries and choir were covered with Royal blue cloth. For two hours (adopting the pre- sent tense) we watch the favoured spec- tators file lu and occupy the different galleries. ^Every minute tlie scene has been changing with rapid kaleidoscopic phases of interest. At the far end of the nave are tiers on tiers of the beauty, wealth, and glory of lay and professional England. City and provincial mayors in robes of civic office ; learned pundits of colleges and universities in their academic robes officers of militia, Volunteers, and the army and navy in a vast diversity of uniform ; and ladles in then* 'gayest summer costumes. Between us, as we stand in eager gaze on the colonial gallery at the angle of the nave and north transept,, and the thousands who have filled the eastern portion of the nave, there is the organ screen, with Dr. Bridge ready to touch the keys with his masterly lingers when the signal is given, and 300 voices of the richest tone to be found in all the sacred edifices of England. The choirs of St Paul's, of Westminster Abbey, and of the Chapel Royal are all here, witli se- lected voices and instruments to blend in the jubilant harmonies which are to celebrate the fourth of the reigns which along the lines of British monarchy have reached a term of fifty years. The white surplices of these choristers soften the dazzling diversity of colour all around them, and counteract the multi- coloured rays of the midsummer sun as they stream through the artistic stained glass windows. There is a buzz in the nave near the main entrance. The corns of Beef- eaters, inevitable adjunct of every royal pageant in this land of story and glory, arrive, quaintly garbed in antique style, comical hats to modern eyes, long- lapped embroidered coats, and brick-red doub- lets and hose. There is a stir in the north transept ; several hundred mem- bers of the House of Commons, headed by the Speaker and officials in robes of office, file in. About the same time, in 'the Poets' Corner, there enters the Lord Chancellor, followed by 500 peera of the united Kingdom, all who are so entitled being robed as aforesaid in scarlet and ermine. Above them are Hie Ambas- sadors of foreign Courts,. all magnifi- cently arrayed in the uniforms and decorated with the insignia of their re- spective dignities. Next to them, and over the .altar, is an immense gallery full of ecclesiastical dignitaries ol' the Established Church, all wearing canoni- cals according to rank. Alongside their gallery is another set apart for tlie beads of other Churches. Opposite to us is the Indian Gallery, in which sit a num- ber of potentates in superb habiliments of ravishing richness, lavishly orna- mented with gems of the Orient ; side by side with them, by the irony of mer- ciful fate, are seated scarred and maimed veterans who have fought for Britain in the wars which, during the Victorian era, have vastly extended the civilising and beneficial sway of the Empress of India. How calm and solemn are those dusky Rajahs and Nabobs ! But they have come to do willing homage to a Queen whose rule over their territories has admittedly been nought but beneficial. A little before noon, the appointed hour for the service, there arrived a bevy of young princesses, who take seats in the stalls beneath us. Then come a procession of foreign princes and princesses, mostly granddaughters of the Queen, who occupy seats in tlie op- posite stalls. What a gorgeous spec- tacle we have now in the total assem- blage. Words cannot depict it. Mingl- ing with tlie scarlet, blue, silver, and gold of .imposing uniforms are tlie floberer- hùed silken robes and elegant turbans of Orientals, mostly ablaze with jewels of countless value. Noon is patst. All the privileged folk are long »loee' in their places. The organ, is heard at last, and the strain« y - . of the " Marehe . Pontificale" float through the tracerled arches of the - beautiful Gothic structure. Ten thou- j saud pairs of eyes are gazing on thtt^VÏ nave. A procession of august person- ¿,? ages-Imperial; Roya£ Serene, and';/ Grand Ducal Highnesses-proceed two : bv two to the sacrarium and take their seats. Still the minnies pass. It is about 12.30 when four ¡heralds sound a loud fanfare. Outside a roar of joyous acclaim is heard. Military bands play the National Anthem. From the great organ roll the strains of a march from Handel's " Occasional Oratorio," and the dazzling van of the Queen's proces- sion enters the Abbey. It is preceded by six minor canons, ere canons residen- tiary, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Dean of Westminster, and the Bishop of Loudon. Then, ia threes come a Royal escort composed of the Queen's I sous, sons-in-law, aaâ grandsons, of whom the tallest and most king-like is , the Crown Prince of G-zrmany, later for I two brief a period, stos ! the Emperor Frederick. The Prince of Wales wore a Field-Marshal's uniform. The Crown Prince of Germany wera the white uni- form ard silver helmf t of a Cuirassier. As her Majesty ascen-ded the dals tho vast audience rose. All the Royal Princes had taken positions on her right, 11er daughters and daughters-in-law - took the left of the ür"wse on which the Queen was now seate/L Here, where she was crowned long ¿r.o, she had come to render, with surroundings of un- paralleled grandeur, OPT thanksgivings with those of a gratei'il nation for the length of days, the honour and the bless-' lngs which had crowr.-sd her life and . .« reign. It i* not iny, intention to enter upon the details of tho service, whicli was conducted by ti« prelates named and the Dean of -tv- Abbey. It was solemn, imposing, impressive ; special thanksgivings and stirring outbursts of harmony. Ten years have passed. Queen Victoria again this day'partici- pates in a celebration the object of whicli is unique in tl.2 'history of the powerful, prosperous, t°nd world-wide Empire over which «-L.o reigns.-I «ara, sir, Asc. F. T¿.:SRENTNALL. 21st June. \,_f 'j THANKSGIVING SUNDAY i ' ' TRINITY CHUR.1H, VALLEY. There wero very good congregations at the morning and evenlrg rsrvlces of Trinity Church, Valley, on Sunds.v, the prayers and; anthems being those pre3iriDed for the day of Accession. The National Anthem waa sung as tho opening hymn. Two eloquent sermons were preached by the rector (Rev. J. Spooner). The rev. Rontleman specially referred to the many ChrUtian virtues prac- . tised by her Majesty a.s a Queen and a mother, and aleo provea very conclusively, that patriotism was an ea«>ntial element in a Christian's life. Tb<3 building had been tastefully decorated Iby Mesdames Spooner, Jaggar, Wright, and othir ladles. The offertories wero devoted towards reducing the indebtedness of the Management Fund. SANDGATE SERVICES. The special choral Jubilee service held at St. Nicolas's Anglican Church on Sunday night was very largely attended, the Dowager Lady Lamington forming one of the con- gregation (says our Sandgate correspondent). Canon Matthews preached a very eloquent sermon. In noticing the vast strides that science and commerce had made during the past sixty years, he claimed that the Church of England had shown correspond- ing advancement, and gave many interest- ing facts attesting the growth of the Church in India, Canada, Australia, and throughout her Majesty's dominions. The service was fully choral, and was rendered by a well- balanced choir with good effect. The National Anthem was capitally sung by the choir, the whole congregation joining in with fervour. The anthem " Victoria," with tenor solo and chorus, was especially well rendered. GERMAN LUTHERAN CHURCH. Tho German Lutheran Nazareth" Church of South Brisbane was filled, .to > its utmost capacity on Sunday morning. Pastor Becker officiated, the first timo ' to confirm candidates in English-an im- portant event, inasmuch as It signalises tlie march of progress amongst our Teuton Queenslander^ of South Bris- bane, who administer the rights of the Lutheran faith in tha language of the country to tho« who, by force of cir- cumstance*, have not mastered the Ger- man. This ia, we uuúerstand, the first English Lutheran ^onifirmatiou in Queensland. - Pastor Rocker's address to the ten candidates was eloquent and1 impressive, the text bsing taken from Revelation ii. 30: "Be then faithful unto death, and T will give thee a crown of life." In his opening remarks the pastor reviewed the nistory of the Lutheran Nazareth Church, founded about thirty-five years ago, celebrating a confirmation according to established custom once a year «very Palm Sunday in Cerman. He pointed out that amongst the Queenslaîid-born Lutherans many were lost to the Glturch, never hav- ing acquired sufficient knowledge of German ; and although, the usual con- firmation was held last Palm Sunday, tlie candidates now before the altar en- ' 7oyed the privileges of the Lutheran Church in English. The pastor referral fitly to the glorious reign of lier Majesty, whose Jubilee not only all Eng li-ih-speaking nations but the whole world rejoice in ; and then, being true to his text, urged his candidate» and the whole congregation to strive for tlie. crown of life, enjoining upon his can- didates their numerous duties as Christ- ians and citizens. Following the ad- dress to the candidates the act of con^ iirmalion was most impressively per-'' formed according to rites and ordin- ances of the Lutheran faith ; under tho strains of the organ the candidates knelt at the altar. After a special prayer fe commemoration of her Majesty's Jubilee the service closed in the manner usual m Lutheran churches. REDLAND BAY AND ORMISTON. Diamond Jubilee services were held on Sunday in the Anglican Churches at Redland Bay in the morning, Ormiston in the afternoon, anü Cleveland in the evening, by the rector, the Rev. T. W., Tatham. There was a crowded congre- gation at Ormiston, and as a voluntary after the service Mi&s; Chataway, the organist, played " Rule, Britannia." There was a large congregation at the' Cleveland service, the special prayers used and hymns sung by the choir being specially well rendered, the latter encomium also applying to the Ormis- ton choir. The rector at Cleveland preached a very thoughtfully prepared and eloquent sermon, taking for his text a portion of tlie Queen of Sheba's ad-< dress to King Solomon, "Blessed be the Lord thy God, which delighteth In theo, to set thee oji the throne of Jsrael ; because the Lord loved Israel for ever, therefore maye He thee king,' to do judgment and justice." He re-" ferred at length to the great progress, the British Empire had made under the' long reign of Queen Victoria, illustrat- ing it by the growth of Australia dtrrfns the period from 1S37 to 1897, which was the result of democratic govern- ment and the great influence of the. Qneen and her advisers. This he con- trasted with the foolish conduct oft Charles I,, who because, he ,would not listen to the people and respect their aspirations for a voice in the govern- ment lost his head, and the country fwas deluged with blood for ten years during the Civil War. George ILL also by his obstinacy and folly in not listen- ing to the advice of his people through their representatives lost what were and would have been the brightest gem In the crown-the American colonies. Qneen Victoria had now reigned the longest period of any monarch in the history of tlie world (not excepting l/ouis of France, who ascended the throne at 5 years of age), and her reign had been beneficial to the world. God had placed a good ruler on the throne, and had favoured the nation. At the pageantry on Tuesday he could imagine the foreign potentates applying the words addressed by the Queen of Sheba to Solomon to the Queen of England. The sermon was listened to with the most rapt attention throughout .The annual treat to the children of the Wynnum Stato School toole place on Satur- day. In spite of a heavy downpour of rain, ?which continued throughout tho day, some 127 children rolled up, and were entertained under the school building, which serves as a large shelter shed. Every effort was made by the committee and parents present to make the occasion as enjoyable as possible under the circumstances. At the close of the proceedings all the children were pre- sented with Jubilee medals, a short address suitable to the occasion being given by Mr. R. E. Jarman. The singing of the National 'Anthem and three cheers for the Quean, with another for those providing the treat, con- cluded the proceedings. CORONATION CEREMONY 60 YEARS AGO Tho available records of the coronation of ¡he Kings and Queens of England all go to ihow that that of Queen Victoria was the most imposing In the history of the nation. And great as that occasion was., it could hut have been a circumstance to that which to-day is being consummated lu London. We got some Idea of tho ceremonial of earlier times in a record which has to do with the destruction by fire of the corona- tion robes in 1640. In " the inventory of tho Regalia," made by the Parliamentary Commissioners at that period, we find, the following description and values of the robes then to be found " now in West- minster Abbey in an iron chest " : One common taffaiy robe, very old, valued at.» 0 10 0 One robe, laced with gould lace, valued at . 0 10 0 One silver cullered silk robe, very old, and worth nothing .» 0 0 0 One robe of crimson taffaty sarce- net, valued at .- 0 5 0 One paire of buskins, cloth of silver, and silver stockings, very old, . and valued at . 0 2, 6 One pairo of shoes of cloth of gould, at . 0 2 0 One paire of gloves, embroidered with gould, at . 0 £ 0 Three swords, with scabbards of cloth of gould, at . 3 0 0 One old comb of horne, -worth nothing_~~_»~»~.0 0 0 Total in the chest _._»-£4 10 6 The comb which is here dismissed so contemptuously was supposed to have be- longed to Edward the Confessor, and was used in the ancient forms of coronation to smooth the King's hair previous to the anointing. Even to come down to tho period immediately preceding the corona- tion of Queen Victoria-to William IV. and Queen Adelaide-we find the arrangements ?were a compromise between economy and parade. The procession from the Hall to the Abbey and the coronation feast in the hall were omitted. The popular enthu- siasm was greater, however, than on any former oefcasion. The new entrance to St. James's Park was opened for the first time, and in the evening London was uni- versally illuminated. It Is explained, as emphasising this popular outburst, that " the very lanes and alleys, tenanted by the poor classes, were lighted to testify the loyal affection of even the humblest for the Sailor King." With the ascension of Vic- toria came dignity and pomp, as will be seen from tho following summarised de- scription which wo are, inrough the kind- ness of Mr.,P. J. Cochrane, of Ingham, able to maka from an issue of tho " London Sun,'" dated 28th June, 1838 : " As the sun rose on the morning of the 22nd June, 1837, a royal salute of twenty one guns announced the dawn of the most joyous day in the reign of British monarchs, the day when the crown of the realms on which the sun never sets was to be placed on the head of the most popular and beloved Sovereign that had wielded the sceptre since the days of Alfred. Tho hour was early (3.17 a.m.), yet all London was astir, and the streets presented a scene of bustle and excitement. By 4 o'clock the streets were so thronged with carriages and pedes- trians that they were in many places Im- passable, and the whole populace poured out in the direction of the parks and of Westminster Abbey. Those who were suc- cessful In securing the points of vantage were, however, premature in their triumph. For soon afterwards the police took up their ground, and the military also made their appearance on the open space or parado in front of the Queen's Palace, and by degrees the crowds were compelled to retiro within the enclosures and down the Mall. The squadrons of Life Guards and a troop of Lancers which were to take part in the procession, together with a company of Light Infantry, were drawn up in differ- ent parts of the area, whilst the centre was filled with general officers and their staffs. The imposing character of the scene was heightened by the picturesque appearance of the Yeomen of the Guard in their dresses. The roof of the north projection of the Palace was literally covered with people, and on top of the triumphal arch there were stationed two sailors of remarkable fine figure, who were In charge of the flagstaff upon which the Royal Standard was to bo hoisted on her Majesty's departure from the Palace. About 8 o'clock the band of the Life Guards struck up " God Save the Queen," and played at intervals until the commencement of the procession. Tho ' carriages which were to compose the caval- cade now took their places according to the order prescribed-those of the Foreign Am-1" bassadors In the South Walk, and the royal carriages in the North Walk of the Mall. At 10 o'clock the procession began to move, and as the several illustrious foreigners ?were recognised they were much cheered, especially Marshal Soult, who acknowledged the compliment by repeated bows. His Excellency Ahmed Pacha also seemed grati- fied at the recognition he met with as his equipage passed through the crowded lines. The occupants of the royal carriages were also warmly greeted. HU Royal High- ness the Duke of Cambridge was evidently In great good humour, and frequently bowed to tho populace, and the Duke of Sussex and the Duchess of Kent were saluted with the most enthusiastic cheer- ing. Up to this time the weather had worn the uncertain aspect which characterised the last few days. For an hour It seemed doubtful whether sunshine or rain would prevail, but almost at the instant when the noble-looking tars upon the roof of the triumphal arch hoisted the Royal Stan- dard, as the Queen was entering her car- riage, the clouds passed away, and the sun shone with all the brilliancy of midsummer. The tars waved their hats and cheered as tho standard rose. The Immense assem- blage responded to the cheer with one tre- mendous shout of joy, which was con- tinued until tho royal cortege had passed over Constitution Hill. Her Majesty was In most excellent spirits, and smiled graci- ously upon the many other subjects who In this place ttrove to catch her attention to their affectionate greetings. She was, accompanied by the Master of the Horse, Lord Albemarle, and the Duchess of Suther- land, tbo Mistress of the Robes. After giving the order of tho process-ion, the nar- rative continues : THE SCENE AT HYDE PARK CORNER. As early as 7.30 In the morning the curious began to take their stations on each sido of Piccadilly, and at 8.30 it was impossible to get from or to the line by any of tho branch streets ; while " confused, unnumbered multitudes" perambulated the line for the purpose of picking out the best spot from which they could obtain a sight of thoir youthful and beloved Queen. Nor were they who had secured seats at the different windows later in their arrival. Tho galleries erected In front of the man- sions wero occupied with " Tho fairest of Creation, the last and best of all God's works." At 9 o'clock the police com- menced clearing the line, and half-an-hour later the road was In perfect order for the procession. A few minutes before 10 the first squadron of Life Guards reached Hyde Park Corner, and shortly afterwards the Foreign Ambassadors arrived, the splend- our of whose carriages excited the admira- tion of all. Something like confusion was hero created in consequence of Marshal Soult, who had been warmly greeted, hav- ing broken the line, but this difficulty was soon got over, and " The pomp, the pageantry, and the proud array" proceded. At a quarter past 1° a salute was heard announcing that her Majesty had left the Palace, and this was the signal for a hearty shout from the " numbers without number. At half-past 10 the gorgeous car- riage of England's Queen passed, amid the loud acclamations of her loyal and loving subjects, which her Majesty most gra- ciously acknowledged. ST. JAMES'S STREET. Viewed from St. James's Palace the scene to the upper end of St. James's street was of the most brilliant and animated descrip- tion. Nearly the whole of the windows and balconies were occupied before 7 o'clock, and at 8 scarcely a seat remained vacant. The humbler class of spectators on the foot- paths had by this time assembled in con- siderable numbers, and continued to aug- ment every moment, and innumerable were the haiv-breadth escapes of the pedestrians In crossing the streets, particularly at its junction with Piccadilly, from the roll of carriages and the passage of troops. The danger was somewhat lessened when the 'harriers were closed to the public, remain- ing open merely for those who had tickets for the Abbey. About 9 o'clock the har- riers wero finally closed, and the assembly then began to settle Into something like order. By 9 30 the avenue had been com- pletely formed, and the crowd waited with the utmost impatience for the signal which was to announce her Majesty's departure from tho Palace. This was at length heard, and about twenty minutes past 10 the cavalcade turned Into St. James's street. A fow minutes afterwards the band arrived, and stiuck up "God Save the Queen," amidst the warmest demonstrations of re- spect. These demonstrations increased as the carriages of the more popular personages passed. The waving of handkerchiefs from the windows now announced the approach of her Majesty, and every eye was strained to catch a glimpse of the carriage, which at length entered St. James's street, amidst the simultaneous and enthusiastic cheers of tho assembled multitude. On passing St. James's Palace, about a-quarter before 11 o'clock, a short delay took place in conse- quence of one of the traces of her Majesty's carriage giving way. The accident was soon remedied, and the procession again advanced. PALL MALL. Pall Mall formed one of the most interest- ing districts In the whole line of the gor- geous procession. Here the ingenuity of the architect, the painter, the carpenter, the haberdasher, and others had been taxed to the utmost in the expression of the feel- ings of loyalty. At an early period of the day the whole street was thronged by pe- destrians and equestrians of every descrip- tion, whose gladsome features and joyous expressions denoted that they anticipated the glorious proceedings of the day. Every window in the whole line of houses was for at least two hours previous to the ar- rival of the magnificent pageantry thrown open, and hundreds of England's fair looked forth upon multitudinous preparations that were making for the reception oí the youth- ful " Queen of Hearts." At all the public offices, clubhouses, palaces, &c;, In Pall Mall scaffoldings had been erected on the grandest and most extensive scale for the accommodation " of the people who de- lighted to honour" the occasion of a virgin Queen's Inauguration. Most of these thronged resorts possessed attendant rooms for wines and refreshments. Many were the atpirations breathed forth for the hap- piness, the long life, and prosperity of her who engrossed the attentioa of all Europe. 'About 10 o'clock the roar of the artillery in the Park announced to the eager ex- pectants along the line her Majesty's de- parture from Buckingham Palace ; and in about half-an-hour the first part of the pageant made its appearance. The ap- plause which welcomed the arrival of the Duchess of Kent and her attendants and the Duke of Sussex and attendants were of the most rapturous description. But the Queen ! Her reception baffles every at- tempt at description. No sooner did the people obtain a sight of the features of her Majesty than Such a noise arose As shrouds make at sea in the stiff tempest, As loud and to as many times ; hats, cloaks, (Jackets, 'twas said) flew up, and had their faces Been loose this day they had been lost. Her Majesty arrived at the Abbey .(the passage of the procession through Charing Cross being marked witn like enthusiasm) precisoly at thirty-two minutes past 11 o'clock. When she alighted, all the bands played the National Anthem. The arrival was announced at that moment by the firing of a gun. The " Sun," in alluding to the scene at Charing Cross, remarks :-" The multitude of Reformers assembled at the Re- form Clubhouse were so enthusiastic in their demonstrations of loyalty as to draw the special attention of our youthful Queen, who acknowledged it by repeated bows. As the royal carriage progressed the cheering and waving of handkerchiefs wore unbounded -every hat was doffed, and many were the blessings Invoked upon tho head of her youthful Majesty." Tho procession having arrived at tho Abbey, the Queen ascended the theatre, and passed on the south side of the Throne to her Chair of State, being the Recognition Chair, and after her private devotion (kneeling on the footstool) took her seat, the Bishops (her supporters) standing on each side ; the noblomeu, bearing the four swords, on her Majest>'e right band, the Sword of State being nearest the royal per- son ; the Lord Great Chamberlain and the Lord High Constable on her left ; the other great officers of State, tho noblemen bearing tho Regalia, tho Dean of Westmin- ster, Deputy Garter, and Black Rod. stand- ing near the Queen's chair ; tho Bishops, bearing tho Bible, tho challco, and tho patina, stood near the pulpit, and the train bearers, the Lord Chamberlain of the House- hold, and tho Groom of the Robes behind her Majesty. THE RECOGNITION. Upon the conclusion of the anthem.' tho Archbishop of Canterbury advanced from his station and, together with the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Lord High Constable, and the Earl Mar- shall, preceded by the Deputy Garter, moved to the east side of the theatre, where the Archbishop made the recognition thin : " Sirs,-I here present to you Queen Vic- toria, the undoubted Queen of tho Realm ; wherefore, all you who have como this day to do your homage, are you willing to do tho same ''" and repeated tlie same In the north, «vest, aTid south sides of the theatre ; during which time her Ma- jesty stood standing by her chair, and turned towards the people on the side at which the recognition was made, the people replying to each demand with loud and re- peated acclamations of " God save Queen Victoria." At the last recognition the trumpets sounded and the drum« beat. Her Majesty then resumed her seat, and the Bible, the chalice, and the patina were carried to and placed upon the altar by the Bishops who had borne them. Tlie great officers having resumed their station -near her Majesty, two officers of the wardrobe spread a rich cloth of gold, and laid on it a cushion at the steps of the altar. The Archbishop of Cantei bury . then pro- ceeded to the altar, put on his cope, and stood on the north side. Tlie Bishops who were to read the Litany also vested them- selves »in their copes. THE FIRST OFFERING. The Queen, attended by two Bishops and others, and preceded by the noblemen bear- ing the Regalia and four swords, passed to the altar. Her Majesty, kneeling on the cushion, made her first offering of a pall, or altar cloth of gold, which was delivered by an officer of the wardrobe to tho Lord Chamberlain, by his lordship to the Lord Great Chamberlain, and by him to the Queen, who delivered it to the Archbishop of Canterbury, by whom it was placed on the altar. The Treasurer of the House- hold then delivered an ingot of. gold of lib. weight to the Lord Great Chamberlain, which, having presented the same to the Queen, her Majesty delivered it to^ the Archbishop, and was by him put into the oblation basin. Her Majesty continued to kneel, the prayer, " Oh God, who dweilest in this high and holy place," &c;, being said by the Archbishop. At the conclusion of the prayer, her Majesty roBe and went, attended as before, to the Chair of State on the south side of the area. The regalia, except the swords, wera then delivered by the several noblemen, who bore the same to the Archbishop, and by his Grace to the Dean of Westmlster, to be laid on the altar ; the great officers of the State (with the exception of the Lord [ Great Chamberlain) and the noblemen who had borne the regalia deposited on the altar, going to the respective places ap- pointed by them ; the Bishop of Durham standing on the right hand of her Majesty, with the nohlemen carrying the swords on the right hand ; the Bishop of Bath and Wells on her Majesty's left hand, and near him the Lord Great Chamberlain. Tho noblomen, bearing the swords (except the Sword of State), continued to stand on the south side of the aroa until the Inthronisa- tion. THE LITANY Was read by the Bishops of Worcester and St. Daid's, kneeling at a , faldstool above the steps of the theatre, the'choir reading the responses. At the conclusion of the Litany, the Bishops resumed their scats on the bench along the north side of the area. THE COMMUNION SERVICE. Just previous to the Communion service, the choir sang the Sanctus, " Holy, holy. Lord God of Hosts." The Archbishop then began the service, the Bishop of Rochester reading the Epistle and the Bishop of Car- lisle the Gospel. The service being con- cluded, the Bishops returned to their seats. THE SERMON Was then preached by the Bishop of Lon- don. During the sermon her Majesty con- tinued to sit in her chair. The teat from which he preached was the 34th chapter, I Second Book of Chronicles, v. 31. THE OATH. Her Majesty, having on Monday, 20th November, 1S37, in the" presence of the two Houses of Parliament, made and signed the declaration, the Archbishop of Canterbury advanced towards the Queen, and, standing before her, ministered the questions pre- scribed by the service. These having been answered, she rose from her chair, and, attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain-the Sword of State alone being borne before her Majesty-went to the altar, where, kneeling upon the cushion placed on the steps, and laying her right hand on the Holy Gospels, she took the coronation oath, kissed the book, and, to a transcript of the oath, set her royal sign manual. The Queen then returned to her chair, where her Majesty had sat during the ceremony, the hymn, " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls Inspire," being sung by the choir. Upon the conclusion of the hymn, the Archbishop read the prayer preparatory to the annointing, " Oh Lord, Holy Father, who, by anointing with oil, didst of old make and consecrate kings, priests, and prophets." At the conclusion of this prayer the choir sang the anthem, " Zadok the Priest and Nathan the Prophet." At the commencement of the anthem the Queen arose irom her chair, went before the altar, and, attended by her supporters and the Lprd Great Chamberlain, the Sword of State, being borne before her, was disrobed of her crimson robe, which was carried into St. Edward's Chapel. The Queen then pro- ceed to and sat down in St. Edward's chair, covered with a cloth of gold, and' with a faldstool before it, placed in front of the altar, when her Majesty was annotated ; four Knights of the Garter-the Duke of Rutland, the Marquis of Anglesey, tlie Mar- quis of Exeter, and the Duke of Buccleuch holding over the Queen's head a rich pall or cloth of gold. The anthem being concluded, the Dean of Westminster took from the ampulls containing the consecrated oil, and pouring someiinto the annointing-spoon, the Archbishop annointed her Majesty on the head and hands, in the form of a cross, pronouncing ' the words, " Be thou an- nointed.'' &c.; The Queen pronounced the prayer after the annointing, and, rising, re- sumed her seat In St. Edward's chair. THE SPURS. After this the Dean took the spurs from the altar, and delivered them to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who, kneeling down, presented them to her Majesty, who returned them to be laid upon the altar. THE SWORD. The Viscount Melbourne, c.rrylng the Sword oí State, now delivered it to the Lord Chamberlain. This having been de- livered to the Archbishop, the latter laid it on the altar, and said the prayer, " Hear our prayors, Oh Lord, we beseech thee, and so direct and «upport thy servant Queen Victoria," &c.; The sword was then taken from the altar and delivered into the Queen's right hand with the words, " Re- ceive this kingly sword," &c.; OFFERING OF THB SWORD. The Queen, rising, went te the altar, where her Majesty offered the sword in the scab- bard, and then returned to St. Edward's chair. Tho sword was then redeemed for 100 shillings by Viscount Melbourne, who received it from the Dean, and carried it during the remainder of the solemnity. The Archbishops and Bishops who had as- sisted during the offering returned to their places. INVESTING WITH THE MANTLE, THE ORB, AND THE RING. Her Majesty, standing, was next invested by tho Dean with the Imperial mantle Or Dalmatic robe of cloth of gold, the Lord Great Chamberlain fastening the clasps. The Archbishop, having received the orb from the Dean, delivered it into tho Queen's right hand, saying, " Receive this Imperial robe and orb." Her Majesty returned the orb to the Dean, who laid it on the altar. The ruby ring was similarly presented by the Archbishop. THE SCEPTRES. The Dean then brought from tho altar tho sceptre with the cross and the sceptro with the dove, and delivered them to the Arch- bishop. In the meantime tho Duke of Nor- folk, as Lord of the Manor of Worksop, left his seat, and approaching the Queen, and kneeling, presented to the Queen a. glove for her right hand,' embroidered with the arms of Howard, which her Majesty put on. The sceptres were presented, tho sceptre of the cross first, the Lord of the Manor of Worksop supporting the Queen's right ann and holding the sceptre. THE CROWNING. Tho Archbishop, standing beforo the altar and having St. Edward's crown before him, took tho same into his hands, and con socrated and blessed it with a prayer. Then the Archbishop advanced from tho altar, assisted by tho Archbishops of York and Armagh, with tho Bishops of London, Win- chester, and others, tho Dean of Westmin- ster carrying the Crown ; and the Arch- bishop took and placed it on nor Majesty's head, when the people with loud and re- peated shouts cried " God save the Queen." Immediately the Peers and Peeresses preso'it put on their coronets, the Bishops their corps, and tho Kings of Arms their crowns ; the trumpets sounding, tho drums beating, and tho Tower and Park guns firing hy signal. " Never," goes on the report of the ceremony, " did we hear louder or moro hearty plaudits, that almost rent tho walls of tho old Abbey, setting at nought, all ottquctto and ceremony, than those which burst from the lips and hearts of her,at- tached and loyal people when the crown-was placed on their young and lovely Sove- reign." Ttie acclamations having ceased, the Archbishop pronounced the exhortation, " Be strong and of a good courage," &c;, tho choirs following with " The Queen shall rejoice." Tho Holy Bible was after- wards presented and placed on the altar. The Benediction was pronounced, the " Te Deum" sung by the choir, and the Quean moved to the Recognition Chair, attended by Bishops, Officers of State, and noblemen, carrying the regalia and swords. _ THE ENTHRONISATION. " Te' Deum" being ended, the Quosn ascended the theatre, and was lifted into her throne by the Archbishop, Bishops,-and Peers around her Majesty, and, being so enthroned, all the great Officers of State, tho noblesmen bearing the ,swords, and tho noblemen who bad borne the other regalia stood round about the steps of the throne, when the Archbishop, standing before the Queen, pronounced the exhortation, " Stand firm and hold fast," £c. » THE HOMAGE. The exhortation ended, her Majesty de- livered tho sceptre, with the' cross, to the Lord of tho Manor of Worksop, to hold the same In her right hand, and the sceptre with the dove to the Duke of Richmond, to hold the same in her left hand during the homage. The Archbishop knelt beforo the Queen, and for himself and the other lords spiritual pronounced the words of homage, they kneeling around him and say- ing the words after him. The Archbishop tien kissed her Majesty's hand, and'the rest of the lords spiritual did tho same and retired. The several Dukes and other Peers (follov/¡ed, severally touching the crown and kissing her Majesty's left cheek, and performed their homage, the choir dur- ing the ceremony singing the anthem, " This Is the day which the Lord hath, made," &c;, and the Treasurer of her Majesty's House- hold threw about the medals of the Corona- tion. THE HOLY SACRAMENT. -" " After the anthem, the Bishops ofJ-Oar lisle and Rochester, who had read''the Epistle and GospeL received from the' altar by the hands of the Archbishop the patina and the chalice, which they carried into St. Edward's Chapel, and brought thence the bread upon the patina and tho wine in the chalice. Having delivered the sceptres and the crown to her supporters, the Queen knelt and placed the pátina and chalice on the altar. Tho Queen, still kneeling, mado her SECOND OFFERING (A purse of gold). After a prayer, -her Majesty went to her chair on tho southside of the area, and knelt at her faldstool. When the Archbishop and the Dean, with the Bishop's assistante; had communicated, her Majesty approached the altar, and re- ceived the sacrament, the Archbishop -ad- ministering tho bread and the Dean of Westminster the cup. The Queen, re- ceiving the Crown, put it on, and repaired to her throne, receiving the sceptres, and attended as during tho enthrouisation. The Archbishop then proceeded with the Com- munion service, at the end of which the choir sang the anthem, " Hallelujah, for the Lord God Omnipotent Relgneth," and this concluded, the Archbishop read the final prayers, and pronounced the blessing. THE CEREMONY ENDED, Her Majesty, fittingly attended, descended Into the arena, and passed through the door on the south side into St. Edward's Chapel, the organ and other instruments all the while playing. Her Majesty, being in tho chapel and standing.before the altar, delivered the sceptre with the dove to the Archblbshop, who laid It on the altar there. She then disrobed of her royal Imperial mantle, and arrayed In her royal robe of purple velvet by the Lord Great Chamber- lain. The Archbishop then placed the orb in her Majesty's left hand. The spurs were deposited on the altar. While her Majesty was In St. Edward's Chapel the officers of arm3 arranged the procession for the re- turn. Her Majesty then proceeded out of the choir and to tho west door of the Abbey, the Queen wearing her Crown, and bearing in her right hand the sceptro with the croes, and in her left the orb, their Royal High- nesses the Princes and Princosses wearing their coronets. Her Majesty and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal retired with the same state as on their proceeding to the Abbey. THE INTERIOR OF THE ABBEY. .For the information of the uninitiated the interior of the " Ancient Abbaye" of Westminster being to many even iii these days " a sealed book"-it may be necessary to state that the vast pile Is in tho form of a cross, the aisles from the royal en- trance running west and east, and the transept north and south, the centre of the building being the theatre where the chief portion of the august and Impressive ceremonies took place. From the western entrance, where her Majesty passed under the organ gallery to the theatre, a raised platform 24ft. wide was erected, with a smaller platform on either eldo for the ac- commodation of those personages who took a part in the ceremony. In the centre of the Abbey, and immediately under the lan- tern, was a square platform ascended by four steps covered with claret-coloured drapery, richly embroidered in gold. Hero was placed the Throne or Chair of State facing the altar, in which her Majesty re- ceived the homage of her people. Its sides were hung with gold lace of great rich- ness and elegance, the seat and back being covered with crimson velvet, on which the royal arms were splendidly emblazoned, and the pillars, flutings, &c;, being of burnished gold. There was also a footstool corre- sponding in every particular with the throne Itself. At each corner of the theatre were semi-circular rails, within which the heralds and yeoman of the guard, bearing their partisans, remained during the cere- mony. ' At the eastern or opposite extremity of the building was the altar, surmounted by a lofty canopy, supporting various emblem- atical figures in gold.. The drapery be- hind It consisted of silk damask extending along the whole of the front gallery, and draped up with elegant festoonB of gold cord and tassels. On the right of the. altar was the offering table, covered with- Garter blue Genoa velvet, bordered with-lace and fringed with gold. In front of this table, and closo to the theatre, was the pulpit, elevated on a splendidly gilt and decorated pedestal, the pulpit \ and cushion being co- vered with crimson velvet richly fringed with gold lace. The south side of the sacrarium was occupied by the royal box. The drapery here was of the most costly description, being with loops of gold rope bordered and fringed with gold lace, the interior lined with white satin elegantly fluted ; and the chairs, which were of an extremely beautiful and unique pattern, | were also elegantly gilt and ornamented. | Her Majesty's Litany chair and faldstool were placed at the foot of the stage sup- porting the Throne. The drapery was of the same costly material, and of correspond- ing magnificence with the other arrange- ments. In the eastern aisle, immediately above the altar, which on former occasions had been occupied by the choir, was the gallery for the accommodation of members of the House of Commons. The seats were co- vered with scarlet cloth and gold ornaments. Above this was another gallery rising nearly to the roof of the building, the seats of which wore similarly covered. The fronts of the various galleries were decorated with hangings of the same material, trimmed with a deep gold fringe, and having the royal arms embroidered in gold in the centre. At Intervals of about 10ft., extend- ing along the entire ranges of tlie galleries, wore triangular pillars elegantly fluted and finished with gold mouldings. The north and south transcepts were occupied for about half their depth with galleries for the accommodation of the Peeresses and Peers. These, with the smaller galleries above them and the vault- ings, were finished in the same chaste and elegant manner. All the galleries, ascend- ing amphltheatrically to the roof, afforded a commodious view of the proceedings. The nave behind the organ, with its gal- leries right and left, the Gothic screen In front, and the Gothic tracery over the royal entrance, had a most imposing effect. The gilded shafts and pinnacles of the organ were in perfect keeping with the antiquo Gothic architecture by which it was sur- rounded. Beneath the organ was the gal- lery for tho vocal and instrumental per- formers, affording accommodation for up- wards of 100 persons. The admiration of all was elicited not so much by the splendour of the decorations as by the perfect consistency and keeping of all the parts, applied as tbey were to the Interior of so ancient a fabric as the Abbey, and harmonising so completely with the massive grandeur of the time-stained walls, which were Judiciously left In all their original architectural beauty and sim- plicity. The most attractive and interesting por- tion of the Abbey was the north transept, in which were assembled several hundreds of England's noblest and most lovely dames in their robes of state. This point, moro especially when the sun flung its rays across It, was a perfect blaze of diamonds and other costly gems. THE RETURN FROM THE ABBEY. The procession commenced to leave the Abbey at twenty minutes to 4 o'clock", but her Majesty did not get into her carriage till twenty minutes to G, when she was received in the same enthusiastic manner as when she arrived, along the whole line. Her royal mother and her royal uncle of Esstpc also received tho same meed of public approbation. THE REGALIA DESCRIBED. A few notes on the Regalia will assist tho uninitiated in better understanding the proceedings. Mr. Thompson, in his work on the processions and ceremonies ob- served in the Coronation of the Kings and [ Queens of England, gives tho following account of KING EDWARD'S CHAIR. This chair (commonly called St. Edward's Chair) is an ancient seat of solid hardwood, with back and sides of the same variously painted, In which tho Kings of Scotland were in former periods constantly crowned. But having been brought out of the king- dom by King Edward I., in the year 129(5, after he had totally overcome John Baliol, King of Scots, it has ever since remained in the Abbey of Westminster ; and has been the Royal Chair In which the succeeding Kings and Queens of tho realm have been inaugurated. It is in height 6ft. 71n., in breadth at tho bottom 38in" and in depth 2tin.; .from the seat to the bottom Is 25in" tho breadth of the seat with the sides is 2Sin., and tho depth 18m. .At 9in. from the ground is a board, supported at the four corners by as many lions. Between the seat and this board is enclosed a stone commonly called Jacob's, or the Fatal Marble Stone, which is an oblong of about 22in. in length, 13in. broad, and llin. deep; of a steel colour, mixed with some veins of red. History relates ttiat It is the stone whereon the patriarch Jacob laid his head in the plain of Luz. It is also added that it was brought to Brigantia, In the kingdom of Galllcia, in Spain, Jn which placo Gathol, King of Scots, sat on it as his throne. Thence it was conveyed to Ire- land by Simon Brach, who was King of Scots, about 700 years before Christ's time ; thence into Scotland by King Fergus, about 370 years afterwards ; and in the year 850 it was placed In the Abbey of Scone, in the Sheriffdom of Perth, by King Kenneth, who caused It to be encl.osed in this wooden chair, and a prophetical verse to be en- graved, of which the following is a trans- lation : " Should fate not fail, where'er this stone is found, The Scots shall monarcas of that realm be Crown'd." " This is the moro remarkable by its having been fulfilled in the person of King James I., grandfather to the Princess Sophia, Electress-Dowager of Hanover, grand- mother to King George II. This antique regal chair (together with the golden Scep- tre and Crown of Scotland) having been solemnly offered by King Edward I. to St. Edward the Confessor in the year 1297 (whence it derives the appellation of St. Edward's Chair), has ever since been kept in the chapel called by his name. Affixed to it is a tablet, whereon several Latin verses are written in the old English character. The ornaments of the chair consist of crockets and fretwork, richly gilt. It has a cushion covered with the same -materials. THE REGALIA. The Regalia comprises St. Edward's Staff, the Spurs, the Sceptre with the Cross, tho Pointed Sword of Temporal Justice, the Sword of Mercy, the Sword of State, the Sceptre with the Dove, the Orb, St Ed- ward's Crown, the Patina, the Chalice, and the'Bible. St. Edward's Staff, in length 4ft. ll%hi., is a sceptre of gold, having a foot of steel, about 4%ln. in length, with a mound and cross at the top. The ornaments are also of gold, and the diameter is upwards of three-quarters o£ an inch. Tho Spurs, called the Great Golden Spurs, are elaborately wrought. They have no rowels, but end in an, ornamented point The Sceptre with the Cross,. or Sceptre Royal, is likewise of gold ; the handle plain and the upper part wreathed. It is in length 2ft. 9*4tn., and is of the same thickness as St. Edward's Staff. The point at the lower part is enriched with rubies, emeralds, and small diamonds, and a space of 5%in. in length above the handle is elegantly embellibhed with similar precious stones. The top rises into a fleur-de-lis with six leaves, of which three ore upright. The other three hang down, and all are enriched with precious stones. Out of the fleur-de-lis issues a mound made of an amethyst, set round with table diamonds, and upen the mound a cross wholly covered with precious stones, and a. large table diamond in the centre. The Sword of Justice of the Temporality, or Third Sword, is sharp-pointed. The length of the handle Is 4ln., the pommel an Inch and three-quarters, and the cross 7liin. Curtoma, or the Pointless Sword, repre- senting the Sword of Mercy, is tho principal in dignity of three swords which are borne naked before the Kings at the Coronation. It is a broad, bright sword, of which the length of the blade is 32in-, the breadth almost 2ln.; the handle, which Is covered with fine gold wire, is 4in. long ; and the pommel l%in., which with the cross is plain steel gilt. The length of the cross Is almost 8in. The scabbard Is covered with a rich brocaded cloth ot tissue, with gilt ornaments. ' The Sword of State Is a largo two-handed sword, having a splendid scabbard of crim- son velvet decorated with gold plates of the rojal badges, In order as follow .-Up at the point is the orb, or mound, then tho royal crest of a lion standing on an Imperial, crown ; lower down are a portcullis, harp, thistle, fleur-de-lis, and rose ; near ' tho hilt the portcullis is repeated , next aro tho royal anns and supporters ; and lastly, tho harp, thistle, &c;, again appear. Both sidos of tho scabbard aro aliko. Tho handle and pommel of the sword aro embossed with similar devices in silver gilt, and a cross is formed of the royal supporters, tho lion and unicorn ha\ing a rose within a laurel between them on one sido, and a fleur-de-lis, encircled In the samo manner, on the other. The King's Sceptre, with the Dove, Is a sceptre of gold, in length 3ft. 7ln., 3Jn. in circumference at the handle, and 2Viin. round the top. The pommel is decorated with a circle or fillet of tablo diamonds, and In several places with precious stones of all sorts, and the mound at tho top Is cmbelliched with a band or fillet of rose diamonds. Upon Uio mound is a small Jerusalem cross, wherein Is ii ted a dovo with wings expanded, as the emblem of mercy. Tlie Orb, Mound, or Globe is a ball of gold Gin. in diameter. It is encompassed with a band of the same, embellished wi'h roses of diamonds encircling other precious stcnes, and edged about with pearl. On the top is a \cry large amethyst of a violet or purple colour, nearly an inch and a-half in height, of an oval form, and which, boing encompassed with four silver wires, becomes the pedestal of a splendid cross of gold of 3'Ain. in height, and 31n. in breadth, set very closo with diamonds, having In the middle a sapphire on ono side and an emerald on tho other, xlt is also embellished with four largo «pearls In tho angles of tho cross, near the centre, and three moro at the ends of It. The wholft height of the. Orb mid Cross is Hin., ~. The first and principal diadem, denomi- nated St. Edward's Crown, is so-called in commemoration of tho ancient one which was kept in Westminster Abbey till the boginnlng of the Great Rebellion, when with the rest of tho Regalia it was sacrl ligeously carried away. It is a very rich Imperial Crown, embellished with pearls and precious stones of various kinds, as diamonds, rubles, emeralds, and sapphires, with a mound of gold on the top of it, en- circled with a band of^ tho same, em- bellished also with precious stones, and upon tho mound a cross of ¿¿id decorated in a similar manner, having three very large oval pearls-one at the top of the cross, the other two pendant at the sides of it. This Crown is composed, as all those of England are, of four crosses and as many fleur-de-lis, upon a rim or circle of gold, all embellished with precious stones, from tho tops of which crosses arise four circular bars or arches, which meet at the top, and at tho intersection is the pedestal whereon is fixed the mound. The cap within the Crown is of purple velvet, lined with white taffota, and turned np with ermine thickly powdered in three rows. THE AMPULLA AND ANOINTING SPOON. The Ampulla, which contains the holy oil, is in the form of an eagle, with! the wings expanded, standing on a pedestal, all of pure gold, finely chased. The head unscrews at the middle of the neck for the convenience of putting in tho oil, and the vessel being entirely hollow, it Is poured out Into the spoon through the point of the beak. The weight of the whole Is Soz. or lOoz., and tho cavity of the body is capable of containing about Goz. The Anointing Spoon is likewise of pure gold, with four pearls set In the broadest part of -the handlo. The bowl of the spoon is finely chased both within and without, and ' by its extreme thinness appears to,be very ancient. ,V" VALUE OF THE CROWN JEWELS. The ruby in the Crown of State was sixty years ago valued at £10,000, and the aqua marina which forms the mound was, and is, Btili more precious. When the notorious Colonel Blood had nearly succeeded in steal- ing the Crown from tho Tower, the ruby fell In tho struggle, and was not recovered for several days, when it was picked up by a poor old woman who was sweeping a cross- ing. There are, of course, many other even more valuable jewels, but ono Illustration will bo sufficient-namely, the Crown worn by the Queen Consort on her return to Westminster Hall. The value of the stones ornamenting this were at the timo given the following value : Twenty diamonds round the circle, £1500 each . £30,000 Two large centre diamonds, £2000 each . 4,000 Fifty-four smaller diamonds placed at the angles of the former. 100 Four crosses, each composed - of twenty-five diamonds . 12,000 Four large diamonds on the tops of tho crosses . - 40,000 Twelve diamonds contained In the " * ' fleur de Ils .v lO.OpO Eighteen smaller diamonds con- . ~ " tained in the same. 2,000 Pearls, diamonds, &c;, on the arches' and crosses .:,. 10,000 141 diamonds on the mound. SOO Twenty-six diamonds on the upper cross . 3,000 Two circles of pearls about the rim 300 111,900 KINGS-AT-ARMS. The dresses of the Kings-at-Arms, heralds, and pursuivants added considerable splen- dour to the ceremonial of tho coronation. The Kings-at-Arms wore tabards or surcoats of velvet and cloth of gold, on which tho royal Insignia aro emblazoned. These tabards resembled sleeveless gowns in form, but were furnished with wings which folded over the onus. They also wore collars composed of links shaped like the letter S, made of silver gilt, with badges at the centre, containing the shamrock, rose, and thistle, enamelled in their proper colours. They were also entitled to wear coronets Or plain circles of gold, decorated with six- teen upright leaves, eight of which were long and eight short. 