THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL OAINE, AUTHOR OF "THE MANXMAN." IX. — (Continued.) "Noon. "Condition unchanged, except that In the in tervals of drowsiness his mind has wandered a little. It appears to live in the past. Looking at mo with conscious eyes, he calls me 'Lance- lot,' my. lather's name. It has been so all the morning. One would think ho was walking In a twilight laud, where he mistakes people's faces, and the dead are as much alive as the living. "They all think I am brave, oh so brave, be cause I do not cry, as everybody else does, even Aunt Anna behind her apron, although my tears can flow so easily, and at other times I keep them constantly on tap. But I am really afraid, and down at the bottom of my heart I am terri fied. It is just as if something were coming into the house, slowly, irresistibly, awfully, and casting its shadow on the floor already. "I have found out the cause of his outcries in the night. Aunt Rachel says he was dreaming of my father's departure for Africa. That was 22 years ago. but it seems that the memory of the last day has troubled him a good deal lately. 'Don't you remember it,' he has been saying. 'There were no railways in the Island then, and we stood at the gate to watch the coach that was taking him away. He sat on the top, and waved his red handkerchief. And when ho had gone, and it was no use watching, we turned back to the house — you and Anna and poor, pretty, young Elice with the baby. He never came back, and when Glory goes again, she'll never come back either." "In the intervals of his semi- consciousness, when he mistakes me for my father, my won derful bravery often fails me, and I find ex cuses for going out of the room. Then I creep noiselessly through the house and listen at half- open doors. Just now I heard him talking quite rationally to Rachel, but in a voice that seemed to speak inwardly, not outwardly, as be fore. 'She can't help it. poor child,' he said. 'Seme day she'll know what It is, hut not yet — not until she has a child of her own. The race looks forward, not backward. God knows when He created us that the world couldn't go on without that bit of cruelty — and who am I that 1 should complain'.'' "I couldn't bear it any longer, and with a pain at my heart I ran in and cried, 'I'll never leave you. grandfather.' But he only smiled and said, 'I'll not be keeping you long. Glory; I'll not bo keeping you long;' and then I could have died of shame. "Evening. "All afternoon he has been like a child, and everything present to his consciousness seems to have been reversed. The shadow of eternity appears to have wiped out time. When I have raised him up in bed he has delighted to think he was a little hoy in his young mother's arms. Oh, sweet dream! Tho old man with his fur rowed forehead and beautiful white head and all the heavy years rolled back! More than once be has asked me if he may play till bedtime, and I have stroked his wrinkled hands and told him yes, for I pretend to be his mother, who died when she was old. "But the 'part' is almost too much for me, and iest I should break down under the Btraln of it 1 am going out of his room constantly. I have just been into his study. It is as full as ever of its squeezes and rubbings and plaster casts and dusty old runes. He has spent all his life away back in the tenth century, and now ho is going farther, farther. ... "Oh, I'm aweary, aweary! If anything hap pens to grandfather I shall soon leave this place.' There will be nothing to hold me here any long er, and besides I could not bear the sight of these evidences of his gentle presence, so simple, so touching. But what a vain thing London is jvith all its vast ado; how little, how pitiful. "Later. "It is all over. The scene has shut up, and I am not crying. It I did cry it would not be from grief, but because tbe end was.so beautiful, so glorious. It was at sunset, and the stream ers ot the sun were coming horizontally into the room. I-Ie awoke from a long drowsiness, and a serenity almost angelic overspread his face. I could see that he was himself once agaiu. Death had led him back, through tho long years since he was a child, and he knew he was an old man anil I was a young woman. 'Have the boats gone yet?" he asked, meaning the herring boats that go at sunset. I looked out, and told him that they were at the point of going. 'Let me see them sail," he said; so I slipped my arms about him, aud raised him until he was sitting up and could see down the length of the harbor and past the castlo to the sea. The reflection of the (sunlight was about his silvery old head, and over the damps and chills of death It made a radiance on' his face that was like a light from heaven. There was hardly, a breeze, and the boats were dropping down from their berths with their brown sails half set. 'Ah,' he said, 'It's the other way with me. Glory. I'm coming in— not going out. I've been beating to wind ward all my life, but I see the harbor on my leo bow at lust, as plainly as ever I saw Peel; and now I'm only waiting tpr (ho top of the tide, and the Master of the Port to run up the flag.' "Then liis head fell gently back on my arm, anil liis Hps changed color; but his eyes did not close, and over his saintly face there passed a fleeting smile. Thus died a Christian gentleman — a simple, sunny, merry, happy, child-like crea ture — and of such are the kingdom of heaven. "GLORY." PARSON QUAYLE'S LETTER. "Dear John, — Before this letter readies you, or perhaps along with It, you will receive the news that tells you what it Is. I am 'in,' John. I can say no more than that. The doctor tells me it may be now or then, or at any time, nut 1 am looking for my enlargement soon, and whe ther it comes to-morrow sunset or with to-day's next tide, I leave myself in His hands, in "Whose hands we all are. Well has tho wise man said, 'The day of death is better than the day or our birth,' so with all good will, and what legacy of strength old age has left me, I send you my last word and message. "My poor old daughters are sorely stricken, but Glory is still brave and true, being, as she always was, a quivering bow ot steel. People tell me that the poor mother is strong in tbe girl, and the spirit of tbe mother's race; but well I know tbe father's stalwart soul supports ber; and I pray God that wben my dark hour comes ber loving and courageous arm may be around me. "That brings me to the object of my letter. This living will soon be vacant, and I am wonder ing who will follow in my feeble stcp3. It is a sweet spot, John. The old church does not look so ill when the sun shines on It, and in the sum mer time this old garden is full of fruit and flowers. Did I ever tell you that Glory was bora here? I never had another grandchild, and »ve were great comrades from the first. She wu a wise and winsome little thing, and I was only an old child myself, so we had many a run and romp in these grounds together. When I try to think of the place without her it is a vain effort, and a painful one; and even while she was away in your great and wicked Babylon, with Its flan- | gers and temptations, her little ghost seemed to lurk at the back of every bush and tree, and sometimes It would leap out on me and laugh. "It Is months since I saw your father, but they tell me he has lately burnt his bureau, making one vast bonfire of the gatherings of 20 years. That is not such ill news either, and maybe now tho great ado that worked such woe is <put by and gone, he would rejoice to see you back at home, and open his hungering arms to you. "But my eyes ache, and my pen is shaking. Farewell! Farewell! Farewell! An old man leaves you his blessing, John. God grant that in His own good time we may meet in a blessed Daradlsel reloicimr in His e-raeious mere v ;t tul nil our sins forgiven. "ADAM QUAYLE." X. Glory's letter and' its enclosure fell on John Storm like rain in the face of a man on horse back—he only whipped up and went faster. "How can I find words," he wrote, "to express what I feel at your mournful news? Yet why mournful? His life's mission was fulfilled, his death was a peaceful victory, and we ought to rejoice that be was. so easily released, I trust you will not mourn too heavily for him, or allow- bis death to stop your life. It would not be right. No trouble came near bis stainless heart — no shadow of sin; his old age was a peaceful day which lasted until sunset; he was a creature that had no falsetto in a single fibre of his being — no shadow of affectation. He kept like this through all our complicated existence In this arti ficial world, absolutely unconscious of the hol- lcwcess and pretension, and sham that surrounded him — tolerant, too, and kind to all. Then why moan for him? He is gathered in; he is safe. "His letter was touching in its artful simpli city. It was intended to ask me to apply for his living. But my duty is here, and London must make the best of me. Yet more than ever now I feel my responsibility with regard to yourself. Tiie time is not ripe to advise you. I am on tbe eve of a great effort. Many things have to he tried, many things attempted. It is a gathering of manna, a little every day. To God's keeping and protection, meantime, 1 commit you. Com fort your aunts, and let me know if there is any thing that can be done for them." The ink of this letter was scarcely dry when John Storm was in the middle of something else. He was in a continual fever now. Above all his great scheme for tbe rescue and redemption of women and children possessed him. He called It Glory's scheme when bo talked of it to him self. It might be In the teeth of nineteenth cen tury morality, but what matter about that? It was on the lines of Christ's teaching when he forgave the woman and shamed the hypocrites. He would borrow for it, beg for it, and there might be conditions under which ho would steal for it, too. Mrs. Cailender shook her head. "I much mis doubt there'll he scandal, laddie. It's a woman's work, I'm thinking." " 'Be thou as chaste as ice," aunty, 'as pure as snow' . . . but no matter! I intend to call out tho full power of a united Church into tho warfare against this high wickedness, Talk of the union of Christendom! If wo are in earnest about it, we'll unite to protect and liberate our women." "But Where's the siller to come frae, laddie?" "Anywhere — everywhere! Besides, I have a bank I can always draw on, aunty." "You're no meaning the Prime Minister again, surely?" "I mean the King. God will provide for me, as in this, so in everything." Thus his reckless enthusiasm bore down every thing, and back of all his thoughts was the thought of Glory. He was preparing a way for her; she was coming back to a great career, a glorious mission. Her bright soul would shine liko a star; she would see that ho bad been right aud faithful; and then— then But it was like wine coursing through his veins — he could not think of it. Three thousand pounds had to be found to buy or build home3 with, and he set out to beg for this money. His first call was at Mrs. Mack- ray's. Going up to tbe house ho mot tho lady's poodle in a fawn-colored wrap coming out In charge of a footman for its daily walk round the square. He gave the name of "Father Storm," and after some minutes of waiting he was told that the lady had a headache, and was not receiving that day. "Say the nephew of the Prime Minister wishes to see her." said John. ' Before the footman had returned again there was the gentle rustle of a dress on. the stairs, and the lady herself was saying — "Dear Mr. Storm, come up. My servants aro real tiresome — they are always confusing names-" Before they Were seated In the drawing-room Mrs. Mackray had plunged into an account of her anxieties as a mistress, what care she took in the selection of strictly evangelical church people, yet how hard it was to trust the certifi cates which she always required of a thorough change of heart, and how often she had been de ceived. Time had told 6n her; she was looking elderly, and the wrinkles about her eyes could no longer be smoothed out. But ber "front" was curled, and she was still saturated In eau do Cologne. "I heard of your return, dear Mr. Storm," she said in the languid voice of the great lady, but the accent of St. ouis. "My daughter told mo about it. She was always interested in your work, you know. Oh, yes, quite well, and hav ing a real good time in Paris! Of course, you know she hns been married. A great blow to me, naturally, but being God's will, I felt it was my duty a3 a mother ..." aud then a path etic description of her maternal sentiments, con soled by the circumstance that her son-in-law be longed to "one of the best families," and that she was continually getting newspapers from "tbe other side," containing full accounts of the wedding, and of the dresses that were worn at it. John twirled his bat in his hand and lis tened. "And what, are your dear devoted people doing down there in Soho?" Then John told of his work for working-girls, and the great lady pretended to be deeply inte rested. "Why, they'll soon be better than the upper classes." she said. John thought it was not Imorobable, but he went on to tell of his scheme, and how small was the sum required lor its execution. "Only three thousand! That ought to be easily fixed up. Why, certainly!" "Charity is the salt of riches, madam, and if rich people would remember that their wealth Is a trust ..." VI do — I always do. 'Lay not up for yourself treasures on earth' — what a beautiful text that is!" "I'm glad to hear you say so, madam," .said John; "So many Christian people allow that God is the God of the widow and fatherless, while the gods they really worship are the gods of silver and gold." "But I love the dear children, and I like to go to the institution to see them in their nice white pinafores, making, their curtseys. But what you say is real true, Mr. Storm, and since I came from Sent Louis I've seen considerable people who are that silly about cats. . . — and then a long story of the folly of a lady friend, who had once had a pet Persian, and it died, and then she wore crape for it, and you could never men tion a cat In her hearing afterwards. At that moment the poodle came back from his walk, and the lady called it to her, fondled it affectionately, said it was a present from her poor dear husband, and launched into an account of her anxieties respecting it, being delicate and liable to colds, notwithstanding the trousseau (U was a lady poodle) which the fashionable dog tailor in Regent-street had provided for It. , John got up to take his leave. "May I then count on your kind support on behalf of our poor women and children of Soho?" "Ah, of course, that matter. Well, you see," as she gave liim two lingers, "the Archdeacon kindly comes to talk 'city' with me— In fact I'm expecting htm to-day: and I never do anything without asking his advice, never, In my present state ot health. I have a weak heart, you know," with her bead aside and her saturated pocket handkerchief at her nose. "But has tbe Prime Minister done anything?" "He has advanced me £2000." "Really?" rising and kicking her train. "Well, as I say, we ought to fix It right away. Why not hold a meeting in my drawing- room , all denominations, you say? I don't mind— not in a cause like that." and she glanced round her room as If thinking it was always possible to dis infect it afterwards. (To be continued.) 