TIB BED BOOM. * v ^H9 CAN assure you,' said 1, 'jjgf ? 'that it -will take a very Bag tangible ghost to frighten Hi f^ i~i_r* me.' And T stood up be lalir'^ — ^s fore tne fli\e with my i BmH SI glass in tat liana. rflfffla=6S=5i^&tr; 'It is your own choos . J5 -. '^-. Lifts ^ .-I5S7 fnu' said the man With the ?withered arm, and glanced at me askance. 'Eight and twenty years,' said I, 'I have ?lived, and never a ghost have I seen as yet.' The old woman sat etaring hard .into the fire, her pale eyes wide open. 'Aye,' she broke in; ''and eight arid twenty /years you have lived and never seen the likes of this house, I reckon. There's a many things to see, -when one's still but eight and twenty.1 She ewayed her head slowly from side to side. 'A many things to see and sorrow for.' 1 half suspected the old people were trying *° enhance the spiritual terrors of their house lay their droning existence. I put down my empty glass on the table and looked about the room, And caught a glimpse of myself, abbreviated and broadened to an impossible sturdiness, in the queer . Old mirror at the end of the room. 'Well,' I said, 'if I see: anything to-night, I shall he so much the wiser.' - 'It's your own choosing,' said the man wijn Mie withered arm once more. ~I Heard the sound of a stick and a shambling Btep on the flags in the passage outside, and the door creaked on its hinges as a second old man entered. He supported himself by a single crutcn, his eyes were covered by a shade, and his lower lip, half averted, hung pale and pink from his decaying yellow teeth. He made straight for an armchair on the opposite side of the table, sat down clum sily, and began to cough. The man -with the with ered arm gave this new comer a short glance of positive dislike: the old woman took no notice of his arrival, but remained with her eyes fixed Steadily on the fire. 'I said — it's your own choosing,' said the man Iwith the withered arm, when the coughing had ceased for awhile. 'It's my own choosing,' I answered. The man wiib the shade became aware of my jirosenre for ilia first time, and threw his head 'back for a moment and sideways to see me. I caught a momentary glimpse of his eyes, small and bright and inflamed. Then he began to cough pnd splutter aprain. 'Why don't you drink?' said the man with the withered arm, pushing the beer toward him. The man with the shade poured out a glassfulj with a shaky arm that splashed half as much again on the deal table. I had scarce expected these grotesque custodians. There is to my mind some thing inhuman in senility, something crouching and atavistic; the human qualities seem to drop from old people insensibly day by day. The three of them made me feel uncomfortable. 'If,' said I, 'you will show me tothis haunted room of yours, I will make myself comfortable . there.' ' The old man with the cough jerked his head back so suddenly that it startled me, and shot another glance of Ms red eyes at me from under Jthe shade. - 'There's a candle on the slab outside the door,' (said the man with the withered arm, looking at |tny feet as he addressed me. 'But if you go to the rexi room to-night ? ' , ('This night of all nights!' said the old woman.) 'You go alone.'1 ''Very well,' I answered. 'And which way do fBo?' 'You go along a passage for a bit,' said he, 'until you come to a door, and through that is 8\. spiral- staircase, and half-way up that Is a land ing 'and another door covered with baize. Go through that and down, the long corridor to the lend, and the red room is on your left up the Steps.' 'I have got that right,' I said, and moved forward the door. As I did so, the old man with the shade rose and staggered round the table, bo as to be closer to the' others and to tie fire. lAt the door I turned and looked at them, and saw they were all close together, dark against the firelight, staring at me over their shoulders, with an intent expression on their ancient fades. 'Good night,' I said, setting the door open.' 'It's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm. I left the door wide open -until the candle was (well alight, aad tihen I shut them in and walked Bowi the chilling, echoing passage. I must confess that the oddness of these three Bid pensioners in whose charge her ladyship had left the castle, and the deep-toned, old- fashioned furniture of the housekeeper's room in which they foregathered, affected me in spite of my efforts to keep myself at a matter-of-fact phase. They seemed to belong to. another age, an .older age, an age when things spiritual were different from this of ours, less certain; an age when omens and ?witches were credible, and ghosts beyond deny ing. Their very existence was spectral; the cut of their clothing, fashions born in dead brains. But, with an effort, I sent such thoughts to the rightabout. The long, draughty subterranean passage was chilly and dusty, and' my candle flared and made the shadows cower and quiver. The echoes rang up and down the spiral staircase, and a shadow came sweeping up after me, and one fled before me into the darkness overhead. I came to the landing and stopped there for a moment, listening to a rustling that I fancied I heard; then, satisfied of the absolute silence, I pusned open tile baize-covered door and stood in the corridor. The effect was scarcely what I expected, for the moonlight, coming in by the great window on the grand staircase, picked out everything in Vivid black shadow or silvery illumination. Every thing was in its place; the house might have been deserted on the yesterday instead of eighteen months ago. There were candles in. the sockets of the sconces, and whatever dust had gathered on the carpets or upon the polished flooring was distributed so evenly as to be invisible in the moonlight. I was about to advance, and Stopped abruptly. A bronze group stood ?upon the landing, hidden from me by the corner of the wall, but its shadow fell with marvellous distinctness upon the white paneling, and gave me the impression of some one crouching to waylay me. I stood rigid for half a sninute, perhaps. Then, with my hand in the pocket that held my revolver, I advanced, only to discover a Ganymede and Eagle glistening in the moon light The door te thp red room and the steps up to it iwere in a shadowy corner. I moved my candle Srcm eide to side: in order to see clearly the nature of the recess in which I stood before opening the floor. Here it was, thought I, that my predecessor was found, and, the memory of that story gave me a sudden twinge of apprehension. I glanced over any shoulder at the Ganymede in the moonlight, and opened the door of the red room rather hastily, 'with my face half turned to the pallid silence of the landing. . . I entered, closed the door behind me at once, \- turned the key I found in the lock within, and stood ?with the candle held aloft, surveying the scene of my vigil, the great red room of Lorraine Castle, in which the young duke had died. Or, ? rather, in :which he had . begun his dying, for he had .opened (he door and fallen headlong down the steps I had just ascended. That had been the end of his vigil, of hie .gallant attempt to conquer the .ghostly tradi tion of the place, and never, I thought, had apo plery better served the ends of superstition. And ithere were other and older etories that clung to the room, back to the halfTcredible beginning of it all —the tale of a timid wife and the tragic end that came to her husband's jest of frightening her. And, looking around that large, Shadowy room,, witlh its shadowy window-bays, its recesses and alcoves, one could well understand the legends that had sprouted in its. black comens, ite gs~... ui;ing darkness. I resolved to make a sy. , £:tie examination of the place at once and dispel ihe i.nciful suggestions .of its obscurity before they obtained a hold upon me. After satisfying myself of the fastening of the door, I began to walk about the room, peering round each article of furniture, tucking up the 'valances of the bed, and opening its curtains wide. I: pulled, up the blinds and examined the fastenings of the several windows before closing the shutters, leaned . forward and looked up the ' blackness 'of the. wide chimney, and tapped the dark oak paneling ior any secret opening. . There were two big mirrors in the room, each with a pair of sconces bearing candles, and on the mantel-shelf, too, were -more candles in china candlesticks. All. these I lit, one after the other. The fire was laid — an unexpected consideration from the old housekeeper— and I lit if t6 keep down any ?disposition- to ahlver, and wheat: it was burning well, I stood round with my back to it and regarded the room again. 1 had pulled up a chintz-covered arm-chair, and a table, to form a kind of barricade before me, end on this jay my revolver ' ready to ' hand. ' My precise examination had -done me good, but I still found ' the remoter darkness of the place, and its 'perfect stillfiSB, -toe stimulating for 'the imagination;- The ? echoing of the stir and- crackling of the flre- was no sort of cbni^ fort to nis. The shadow in tlhe alcove,- at the-«nd in partioj'fir. had that undefinable quality of a pre scedm. ;;?.;; odd suggestion of a lurking living thing. that comos eo easily in eilence and. solitude. At laet, to reassure myself, I walked with a candle into it and satisfied myself that there wasr nothing tan gible there.' I stood that candle upon ihe floor of the alcove, and le£t it in that position. , ? By this time I was in a state of considerable nervous 'tension, although to my reason there was no adequate cause for the condition. My mind, however, was perfectly clear. I postulated quite unreservedly that nothing supernatural could hap pen-, -and to -paa? the-time I began- to .string some rhymes together, ^Snijoiasby fashion, of ihe ori ginal legend of the place. A few I spoke aloud, but ttie echoa=- were not pleasant. For the eanie reason I also abandoned, after a time, a conver sation with myself -upon the impossibility of ghosts and haunting. My mind reverted' to the three old and distorted people downstaite, and I tried to keep it upon that topic. The sombre rede and blacks of the room troubled me; even with seven candles the place was merely dim. The one in the alcove flared in a draught, and the fire-flickering kept the shadows and penumbra perpetually shifting and stir ring. Casting about for a 'remedy, I recalled the candles I had seen in the passage, and, with a slight effort, walked out into the moonlight, carry ing a candle and leaving tbe door open, and present ly returned with as many as ten; These I put in various knick-knacks of china with which the room was sparsely adorned, lit and placed where the shadows had lain deepest, .some on the floor, some in the window recesses, until at last my seventeen candles were so arranged that not an inch of the room but had the direct light of at least one of them. It occurred to me that when the ghost came, I could warn him not to trip over them. The room was now quite brightljj illuminated. ' Even with that, however, the brooding expec tation of the vigil weighed heavily upon me. It was after midnight that the caudle in the alcove suddenly went out, and the black shadow sprang back to its place there. I did not see the candle go out; I simply turned and saw that the dark ness was there, as one might start and see the unexpected presence of a stranger. 'By Jove!' said I aloud, 'that draught's a strong one!' and, taking the matches from the table, I walked across the room in a leisurely manner to .relight the corner again. My first match -would not strike, and as I succeeded with the second, some thing seemed to blink on the wall before me. I turned my head involuntarily, and saw that the two candles on the little table by the fireplace were extinguished. . I rose at once to my feet. 'Odd!' I said. 'Did I do that myself in a flash of absent-mindedness?' I walked back, relit one, and as I did so; I saw the candle in the right sconce of one of the mir rors wink and go right out, and almost imme diately its companion followed it. There was no mistake about it. The flame vanished, as if the wicks had been suddenly nipped between a finger .and a thumb, leaving the -wick neither glowing nor smoking, but black. While I stood gaping, the candle at the foot of the bed went out, and the shadows seemed to take another step toward me. 'This won't do!' said I, and first one and then another candle on the mantelshelf followed. 'What's up?' I cried, with a queer high note getting into my voice somehow. At that the candle on the wardrobe went out, and the one I had relit in the alcove followed. 'Steady on!' I said. 'These candles are want ed,' speaking with a half-hysterical facetiousness, and scratching away at a match the while for the mantel candlesticks. My hands trembled so much that twice I missed the rough paper of the match bcx. As the mantel emerged from darkless again, two candles in the remoter end of the room were eclipsed. But with the same match I also relit the larger mirror candles, and those on the floor near the doorway, so that for the moment I seemed to gain on the extinctions. But, then, in a volley there vanished four- lights at once in dif ferent corners of the room, and I struck another match in quivering haste, and stood hesitating whither to take it. As I stood Undecided an invisible hand seemed to sweep out the two candles on the table. With a cry of terror, I dashed at the alcove, then into the corner, and then into the window,, relighting three,' as two vanished by the fireplace; then, perceiving a better way, I dropped the matches on. the iron bound deed box in the corner, and caught up the bedroom candlestick. With this I avoided the delay of striking matches; but for all that the steady progress of extinction went on. It was like a ragged storm-cloud sweeping out the stars. Now and then one returned for a minute, and was lost again. I was now almost frantic with the horror of the coming darkness, and my selfpos session deserted me. I leaped, panting and dis hevelled, from candle to candle, in a vain struggle against that remorseless advance. I bruised myself on the thigh against the table, I sent a chair headlong, I stumbled and fell and whisked the cloth from the table in' my fall. My candle rolled away from me, and I snatched another as I rose. Abruptly this was blown out, as I swung it off the table, by the wind of my sudden movement, and immediately the two re maining candles followed. But there was light still in the room, a red light that staved off the shadows from me. The fire! Of course I could still thrust my candle between the bars -and re light it! I turned to where the flames were still danc ing between the glowing coals and splashing red reflections upon the furniture, made two steps toward the grate, and incontinently the flames dwindled and vanished, the glow vanished, the reflections rushed together and vanished, and as' I. thrust the candle between the bars, darkness closed u|on me like the shutting of an eye, and crushed the last vestiges of reason from my brain. The candle fell from my hand, I flung out my arms in a vain effort to thrust that pon derous blackness away from me, and, lifting up my voice, screamed with all my might — once, j twice, thrice. Then I think I must have stag gered to my feet. I know I thought suddenly of the moonlit corridor, and, with my head bowed and my arms over my fa.ee, made a run for the door. But I had forgotten the exact position of the door, and struck myself heavily against the cor ner of the bed. I staggered back, turned, and was either struck or struck myself against some other bulky furniture. I have a vague memory of battering myself thus, to and fro in the dark ness, of a cramped struggle, and^bf my own wild crying as I darted to and fro, of a heavy blow at last upon my forehead, a horrible sensation ol falling that lasted an age, of my last frantic effort to keep my footing, and then I remember no more. ! * * * * I I opened my eyes in daylight. My head was roughly bandaged, and the man with the wither ed arm was watching my face. I looked about me, trying to remember what had happened, and for a snace I could not recollect. I rolled my eyes into the corner, and saw the old woman, no longer abstracted, pouring out some drops of medicine from a little blue phial into a glass. 'Where am I?' I asked. 'I seem to* remember you, and yet I can not remember who you are.' They told me then, and I heard of the- haunted red room as one who hears a tale. 'We found you at dawn,' said he, 'and there was blood on your forehead and lips.' It was very slowly I recovered my memory of my experience. 'You believe now,' said the old man, 'that the room is haunted?' He spoke no longer as one who greets an intruder, but as one who grieves for a broken friend. 'Yes,' said I; 'the room is haunted.' 'And you have seen it. And we, who have lived here all our lives, have never set eyes, upoa it. Because we have never dared. Tell us, is it truly the old earl who ? ' 'No,' said I; 'it is not.' 'I told you so.' said the old lady, with the glass in her hand. 'It is his poor young coun tess who was frightened ? ' 'It is not,' I said. 'There is neither ghost of earl nor ghost of countess in that room; there is no ghost there at all; but 1)70756, far worse ? ' 'Well?' they said. 'The worst of all things that haunt poor, mor tal man,' said I; 'and that is, in all its naked ness—Fear! Fear that will not have light nor sound, that will not bear with reason, that deafens, and darkens, and overwhelms. It fol lowed me through the corridor, it fought against me in the room ? ' I stopped abruptly. There was an interval of silence. My hand went up to my bandages. Then the man with the shade sighed and spoke. 'That is it,'' said he.' 'I knew that was it. A Power of Darkness. To put such a curse upon a woman! Itiurks there always. You can feel it even in the day-time — even of a bright sum mer's day — in the hangings, in the curtains, keeping behind you however you face about In the dusk^it .creeps along the corridor and follows you, so that you dare not turn. There Is Fear in that room of hers— black Fear, and there will toe — so long as this -bouse of sin endures.' — From t'Thirty Strange Stories,' by H. G. Wells. James Russell Xjowell, whea American Minister ito England, was much bothered by the wife of an American senator, who was determined to be pre- ; sented at Court. The woman was noisy, illiterate, and' socially impossible; but ehe 'was tie wife' of a senator. There came a time when the Minister, worn out with her importunities, was about to capitulate; in that hour of weakness, however, he_ chanced to overhear his pensecutor say to a friend,' regarding a dressmaker's bill which had just come in: 'When -I -see the eize of that bill I just laid back, and yelled.' The lady was not presented. — 'S. F. Argonaut.' 