' EVOLUTION AS AN AID TO FAITH.' It is not the purpose of this paper to deal in any way with the evidences for the truth of evolution. To do so, if indeed it could be necessary at such a meeting as this, would be useless unless the examination were made full and searching, and for that we have not sufficient time. This only need be said : that. if evolution is not a law of nature, the belief in . it is an instance of the failure of human reason wholly unparalleled. Its 'gradual adoption would serve well as an ideal example of how inductive reasoning ought to be conducted. Beginning as a mere guess, it was subjected to years of patient investi gation, from which it emerged as a working theory. Since then it has had the amplest vindication of which a working theory is capable. It is found to work. It may claim, therefore, to be included in the sum of human knowledge. The result is the transformation of all current thought. Not only has the study of animated nature been rescued from chaos and reduced to order, but in all other sciences a new era has been inaugu rated. Theology itself has been not the least profoundly affected. Men have learnt more clearly than before what is meant by develop ment in revelation, and the old doctrines have been rejuvenated by the new method of statement, by the analogies and correlations which we have learned to see. Interesting as it would be to study this important characteristic of the theology of the present d.ay, I should not dare myself to speak to you about it. My aim is a humbler one. Using the term evolution, as it so commonly is used, in a narrow sense— making it apply to the development of our own earth, and especially of the living creation — I propose to consider how the acceptance of this new truth of science helps or hinders our acceptance of the foundation truths of the Catholic faith. Is it easier, in consequence, or is it more difficult, to believe the creeds ? Now, there area certain number of persons who answer, 'It makes, and can make, no difference, one way or the other.' To a lazy man that is a very comfortable doctrine. To a lazy priest it is particularly so, because it removes the whole difficult matter out of his province, and allows him to believe, even, that it is one of those 'worldly cares and studies' which be has forsaken. And at first sight there is a good deal in the contention. Evolution, and science generally, deals with that which is, or has been, only as already existing. It knows nothing of beginnings. On the other hand, revelation is primarily concerned o?ily with the beginning of the world. It only inserts in its creed one article referring to it — that is, that God is the maker of heaven and earth. The subject-matter of revelation is God and the relations of God's man. About God science, as science, knows absolutely nothing. ? Why then not consent to a division of territory ? Let us listen to the ' voice of science in the things of science, and to religion in the things of religion. Let the attitude of the scientist towards religion be pure agnosticism, and that of the theologian towards science, in plainer language. identical in meaning, sheer ignorance. Science, perhaps, would be quite content to have it so. It is the theologian who is the aggressive party. He is not content to say, ' God made the world,' nor even to add, ' and by God I mean a Being with such and such characters,' but he throws down the challenge to human reason and science when he says, ' The invisible things of Him from the creation of the loorld are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead.' At the head of the whole army of theologians St. Paul has crossed the Eubicon. ' The things that are made' are the subject of scientific investigation. And we are committed to the position that the study of them ought to lead to a knowledge of God. That man is without excuse if he rises from such study without discovering behind all phenomena that God whom the Church preaches. Nor have we any right to blame science if it takes up our challenge, and by its ' own methods of observation and induction deals with our statement that God— almighty, all wise, and all good — is the Creator of heaven, and may be discerned in His creation. What is the result ? Frankly, it has been hitherto a denial of the faith. The verdict of science, given deliberately and without passion by a majority of her leaders, and they men of extraordinary intellec tual power and high ideals, has been that the world as it now stands does not agree with what might have been expected from such a Creator as we proclaim. We say that God is Love, and the world does not reveal love. There is in it a vast amount of suffering, appalling in its intensity, and co-extensive with sensation. Is that the work of Love? The pain is inflicted upon all alike as an inevitable lot, and by no means only those who are guilty of moral transgression. Is that a witness to Divine justice ? Apart from actual suffering, is this world anything but the scene of meaningless toil— a labour of Sisyphus, always doing, and never done ? ' The sun ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteneth to his place whence he ariseth. All the rivers run into the sea, yet the sea is not full : unto the place whither the rivers go, thither they go again. All things are full of weariness. That which hath been is that which shall be : and that which hath been done is that which shall be done ; and there is no new thing under the sun.' That is what from the creation of the world is clearly seen. Where is the Divine in it ? Do we fare better when we seek for it in mankind ? Divine goodness would assuredly favour the good man. But we do not see that moral worth is the path to success. Rather, ' these are the ungodly— these prosper in the world.' The last chapter of Job is the one which reads least like ungodly are an abnormality. Their success, their existence even, is no part of God's plan. And thereby they lay themselves open to the retort, 'Were we not clearly to see God's power? What kind of power is this that permits His creation to be spoilt ? How are we to believe that the creator of such a world is at once the embodiment of perfect goodness and of almighty power ?' Well, that is the result of our challenge, and I confess that I see no reason to be much surprised at it. Kegarding the world as the finished product of God, who made it in six days, or six ages if you will, and rested afterwards in apparent satisfaction, it does seem to me full of contradictions to what we believe to have been revealed of God's own nature. But to an evolutionist how changed the position becomes ! Of course all mysteries are not solved. The existence of suffering and sin are not accounted for. Evolution does not compel faith, but surely it is an aid to faith. The problem is no longer one of statics, but of dynamics. The world must not be regarded as a product, but as a process. We may not judge of it by what is, but by what is becoming. And what do we find then ? That although it does not in its present condition reflect an undistorted image of God, yet its whole history has been one of progress in a definite direction, and one which points right on to a God of that very nature which revelation declares Him to have. The God of revelation is a prophecy of the earth's destiny. It has grown from chaos into order, and God, we say, is a God of order. From the uniformity of the crystal to the unity of the living body was a step nearer to the one living God. From life to consciousness, from consciousness to intelligence, from intelligence to morality, are the steps of an altar-throne. For when we find that man, in whom intelligence reaches its highest point, and whose moral nature is his sole glory, is the dominant species, has dominion, as the psalmist truly said, over the works of God's hands, what further step is there but to Him in whom dominion becomes ? absolute power, intelligence beoomes omniscience, morality becomes the perfection of goodness and of love ? The world does not contain God as we were trying to prove. It points to Him, far above itself, yet drawing the world nearer throughout all ages to His throne. We may not fully understand why God loves progress rather than attainment, the evolu tion of a world rather than its sudden creation in holiness, why He rejoices more over one sinner that repenteth than over ninety and nine just persons who need no repentance; but at least it is not derogatory to His power or His goodness that He should do so. Many of us who would find it hard to love and worship a Creator who was satisfied with this earth cannot but worship Him who is evolving from it and by its means a perfection whose glories only revelation enables us dimly to perceive. We acknowledge gladly that evolution has aided our faith. If in return we have to surrender our interpretation of Genesis i., it is in comparison a small matter. The theory of six days has gone long ago; the theory of six periods of time corresponding, it was believed, to geological periods, is fast going the same way. But are we the worse off for that? It is no part of God's nature that He should have made the world in six periods. It is part of His nature that He should be one and unchangeable, and that is vindicated by the discovery of evolution. When it was granted that the geological record of past ages was to be depended on — that fossil remains did really demand our belief in a series of faunas and floras successively j appearing and disappearing — it became difficult to reconcile that ; most ancient of histories with the unchangeableness of God. Why these continual catastrophes ? Did they betray the 'prentice hand in One who from the first was perfect ? Or if they were not destroyed as failures, was there change of purpose in the Most High ? Or, if not that, for what mysterious reason did He will so to create only to. destroy again what He had made ? Evolution solves the riddle by denying the catastrophes. There are no such breaks as the old geologists and theologians fancied. There is continuous growth. No living thing has disappeared from the earth having accomplished nothing. There has been no waste, and no infirmity of purpose. The one great will of God has been done, and is being done, by every creature that He has made. So the six days seem to be lost in the unbroken progress ; or rather, they, do not coincide with the few breaks that there really are, marking a distinct step onwards— a new beginning — in the advance.- There are two of these — the beginning of life, and the beginning of man ; and it is noteworthy that these are placed by Genesis in the middle of the third and the sixth days. There could not be clearer evidence that the days do not represent exact chronological divisions ; but indeed chronology is the last thing we should expect from Moses. Naturally it is on such points that the doctrine of evolution has made most difference in our beliefs. The new knowledge of the creation has borne fruit chiefly in new knowledge of God as creator. But it is not the only fruit. Briefly, we may notice how the other great Articles of the creed agree with the new hypothesis. Granting that man should advance to far greater perfection -than he . has reached, are we to be satisfied with him as the roof and orown of things? I scarcely think we can. Man is fearfully and wonderfully made, but to use colloquial language, he scarcely seems worth the trouble. When we remember that the creation, not of this world, but of myriads of worlds, demands an explanation, we cannot rest in the achievements of our own race as a sufficient one. What higher stage, then, ought evolution to present to us than man ? If the process is one of gradual drawing back to God, just that which revelation says has already been accomplished — the Incarnation. First the lower transitory life, then man with his immortal soul, then what but the Eternal Son of God ! First, the world is brought near to God, then in the person of man it is made like to God, in His image ; lastly, in the person of Christ, the God-Man, it is made one with God — ' I and my Father are one. ' Kevelation, true to its office, comes in where sight fails. Eeason could never have suggested the Creator's object in creating. Eevelation discloses it. The universe was made to be the cradle of the Son of Mary. The Incarnation is the end of creation. Is this, or is it not, easier to believe than that the Incarnation was merely a remedy for sin ? I do not say that even that is incredible. But if evolution teaches me to regard the Incarnation not as a miracle — love's infraction of law — but as the completion of every law of nature, the perfect fulfilment of law in every sense, and so worthy of Him with whom is no variableness, is not my faith aided ? Again, is not the doctrine of the presence of the Holy Spirit in the Church in closest harmony with this disclosure of the Father's manner of working in creation, which also we believe to have been accomplished through the power of the Holy Ghost? The assertion of the opponents of evolution is that He worked at every stage of creation by an interference with His own laws, by the temporary action of a higher Power immediately again withdrawn. But we say that He worked, as it has been put lately, ' not ab extra but per extra,' by means of those very laws, and no others, which were in continuous operation. And this is the very manner in .which undoubtedly He is now working in the Church, so entirely unseen, so completely by the employment of natural agencies, that those who deny Him in nature can deny Him here ; but, on the other hand, belief in the one case ends belief in the other, because in both the unity of God is demonstrated. Again, evolution, which is to the whole what growth is to the indi vidual, throws back its light upon that individual growth. We are thus enabled better to understand the continuity of our own existence here and hereafter. Why should we have a period of probation on . earth at all ? Why should there be a judgment at the end of this world ? I have heard the objection raised. In this life, it is said, we learnt all that was needful for this life. Why should we now prepare for the next world ? Why should we not have opportunity there as we did here ? The evolutionist has an answer. This world is riot so much a probation as the beginning of a growth. The world to come continues and completes it. If we do not begin to grow, we cannot continue ; if we grow wrongly, the wrong remains for ever. This is the seed and that the harvest ; or here the bending of the twig, and there the inclining of the tree. I need not say that the Bible and the Church have always taught that. But the gain of evolution is that it sets the teaching in its place as one part of a great whole, as a necessary consequence of conclusions already reached. And this we might say of every article of the creeds. There is scarcely one which does not glow with greater brilliancy in the light which is thrown on it. There has been more discovered about this world in the last century than men had learned in all the centuries before. And in the acquirement of that knowledge men have been granted a greater revelation in the things of God than in all the centuries since the Apostles died. Is that not first of all a sign that the Christian revela tion is a real one, being so bound up with the truth of things below ? Is it not, also, to those who already believe, the strongest possible witness to the truth of the great scientific discoveries of the day ? One charge, however, has been brought against the scientific spirit in its influence on Christianity. It makes.it more difficult, it is said (for instance, by Arch d. Wilson, at the recent congress in England), to ascribe personality to God. Undoubtedly there are some who speak as if God were merely the sum of the laws of nature, confound ing the Creator with His creatures. Because God is immanent in the universe, it does not follow that He is immanence. It is only when we forget that the universe and its laws demand an explanation — not only an' account of their modes of action, but an explanation of their existence — that we are likely so to degrade our idea of God. On the other hand, we may raise our idea of Him above personality, and in that there is less danger. Do we not confess something of the kind when we speak of Three Persons in the Godhead and yet of a oneness of something that embraces them all ? And that does not remove Him from us, or make it more difficult for us to love and pray to Him. What we want to insist on is that we see the Lord high and lifted up, and only His train filling the temple of the universe. Probably the effect of the spread of scientific thought will be so to raise the popular conception of God, to remove it further, not from personality, but from anthropomorphism, and so to make it more agreeable with creeds and bur own articles. The popular idea, for instance, of the fall scarcely makes God almighty; the popular idea of the Incarna tion certainly denies His unchangeableness. If some alteration on such points should result, it cannot be subject for lament. What, however, of the general result so far? If evolution is an aid to faith, has the spread of belief in evolution increased the hold which the faith has upon men ? In particular, is there more faith amongst scientific men now than there was before the discovery was made ? It is difficult to say. Sir Thomas Browne began his Religio Medici with a half-apology for himself, as a medical man, for having any religion at all. We can scarcely say that our generation is worse than his in that respect. But there is not a marked return of science to the fold, and it is very largely the fault of the theologians. Scientific men who had already made up their minds that religion and science told different tales would not be disposed to reopen the question when the Church generally received the Origin of Species with a howl of indignation. When they were told that it was another fruit of their infidelity, further from, the faith than their former opinions, they were quite ready to believe that the Church was right for once, and quite content to be infidels. That time has passed. On the one hand, theologians recognise the right of scientists to believe in evolution ; on the other, scientists see that religion is not a mass, of superstition and priestcraft, but is at least a phenomenon to be accounted for. If any theory of evolution is true, a baseless and hurtful fiction could not possibly have taken root in men's minds, and have spread on to dominate the race and be the strongest power for good, and sometimes for evil, wherever human society is in existence. As evolutionists, therefore, scientists cannot ignore or despise religion, and to be ignored is the only thing Christianity .dreads. Listen to her message with a mind unswayed by prejudice, 'and she has no doubt of the result. In the present attitude of science towards Christianity, sceptical truly, but by no means entirely hostile, there is abundant ground for hope. Whether the hope shall be realised rests to a very great extent with us as priests of the Church. The scientist will not make advances to us. Why should he ? The treatment he has received in the past has not been such as to induce him to seek for its repetition. He has had more than enough of the dogmatism of men who know far less than he does about the facts of nature. He has conceived a contempt for those who are always crying out that the faith is in danger, and who would attempt to block the spread of truth by the power of authority. He does not know perhaps that such men do not represent the Church, but are a still-dwindling minority. At all events, it is not his business to teach us if we do not care to learn. But it is our business to teach him, whether he wants to learn or not, what we have to say. It becomes our duty, therefore, to understand his position, and to show him how his knowledge is in harmony with, rather how it leads upto, the truths of revelation, and without these is incomplete and unintelligible, altogether unsatisfactory, a mere odd volume of the world's history, and that written in a language that he only half understands. Nor does this involve anything of the nature of a compromise, which would diminish or add to the deposit we have received. The standpoint from which we shall have to regard revealed truth is not altogether a new one. . New facts we shall have to take into account. We must use a new language, and modify, to some extent, our manner v*. w«H(«i.ug fy*.\sUJU VlUUUDi JLJIAU UJJ.C CU UU1 UU.U.O Ul XJJ.1.J.J.U. XCljUllCU J.O ai.lXX.\JOU , the same, I believe, as that which we shall find in the Greek fathers. It will therefore be a regaining of a catholicity which, to some extent, we have lost. Since the time of St. Augustine the Western Church seems to have become more and mere western, and less and less universal, not in the doctrines held, but in the way of stating them. The influence of St. Augustine has been so great as almost to cause the neglect of the great Easterns. The neglect is by no means justifiable, and in our day less than ever it was, for it is . amongst them that we shall .find the first attempts to view creation and revelation as one great whole ; and though we may be repelled by crudities of statement, we shall feel ourselves one with them, and realise more fully how all the progress we make is but the unfolding, the evolution, of a faith once for all delivered to the saints. 