EARNING A LIYING IN CHINA. ("Lipplncott's Magazine," U.S.) Strictly speaking, some earn more than they ever receive; while others are ,blessed with a "living" which they never earn. Then, too, the word living conveye as many shades of meaning as there are classes and conditions of emen; but to ithe average Chinese labourer ,the meaning is daily supplies for daily necessities. The Chinese are a people of marvellous economy. They will support a family, furnishing all that the household enjoys of food, shelter, and clothing, from a small ,arden which ,they call a. farm, but w-hich would not more than furnishl an American family with early vegetables. Even ,in the cities the labouring people re.nive the merest pittance for 'their work. How they manage to live, and even to look sleek and fat, upon the meagre fare which such wages can buy, is a marvel to Europeans, and even more so to Armerica'ns. The following is a partial list of wages received in Canton, where the people are better paid than in many parts of China. A daily portion of rice is sometimes given in addition to the money: Wages for Skilled Labour. Per Month. Dols. Shoemaker ............... 4.00 Blacksmith ............. 5.00 Fine ivory carver ........12.00 Tailor .................. 5.00 Fine embroiderer ....... 4.00 Designer ................ 6.00 Silversmith ............. 8.00 Painter ................. 4.50 Cook ................... 6.00 "Many men, many iminds," and many methods of making mcney. China, withcut doubt, 'has 'the many men; and, ocoupying as athe does a midway position between barbaric and advanced nations, she embraces tho many methods which are employed by both kinds of people in earning life's necessities. The Chinese are 'as superstitious as any race ,in Asia, or even Africa, there fore they must support a great army of people to minister to 'these supersti tions. In :addition to their temples and pagodas, their monasteries and priests -all of them probably receiving more, in proportion to the whole amount of money Ihandled, than do the churches and ministers of Christ in Europe or the United States-the people of China support -idol-makers, geomancens, for tune tellers, physiognomistls, sootlh sayers, astrologers, and interpreters of dreams, an army of each. You find these people in all parts of China. Most of them :look as though .it were no difficult matter to gain a living by their own wit, or the lack of wit in others. The position which they occupy is above the artisan, but below the soholar or the priest. The idol makers are frequently skilled workmen from 'the various itrades. Some are fine ivory carvers, others silversmiths, blacksmiths, and wood-carvers. The skill of the wood carver is shown in the large, grotesque, figures upon the doors and near the entrances of temples. Instead of copying nature, they all bmrlesque her hrandiwork. The fish idol, which is sometimes suspended from the eaves of temples, is an example of this grotesque style of work. The workman, who toils for days, or even weeks, to make one, does not attempt to picture any particular fish, but tries to carve out somet'hing which will frighten any timid worshipper. He is not satisfied when she gives 'the wooden fish a full set of shark's teeth; he must add the large canine teeth of the savage quad ruped. If the carver is working for merit, he may imagine any amount charged to his account; but the actual wages which he receives will not bring him riches, though he may be better paid than one who carves tables and cabinets. Geomancers are those who search out lucky places for the 'burial of the dead. There are more than the usual number of tricks to this trade, which only the .initiated understand. These diviners carry a compass, with which to locate relatively the positions of neighbouring streams and hills. After various mysterious calculations, they select a spot and proceed to exanmine the soil with great care. Stony soil is condemned at once; .red earth is pro nounced good; while it is still better if a stream of water flows in that direc tion, or if the chosen location com mands a broad view. If the client is dissatisfied with the diviner's first choice, he must fee him handsomely before he will seek a more desirable spot. These tri'cksters earn a better living than the average workmen, who supDport a large number of them in every Chinese province. The ;clever interpreter of dreams has a profitable position in the Orient, where the people believe that each 'dream has a hidden meaning. If a vision is vivid, or deeply impressed npon the mind, the dreamer calls im mnediately upon an interpreter, who is not only able-for a fee-to reveal the meaning. but will sell a mystic scroll warranted to combat victoriously any threatened ifl-luclk. Another thing growing out of Chinese superstition awhich is a source of profit to many people is the spirit money. Festivals, hig~h days, and holidays, birthdays and times of mourning, all call for sup plies of this imitation cash. Spirit money is burned whenever offerings are made to gods or ancestors; for it is supposed to furnish disembodied beings with the "legal tender" of spirit land. Each night, householders, labourers, and tradesmen pay this tribute to the powers of the air. Al though by no means monopolising the trade, the single city of Shao-hing employs 100,000 men, women, and chil *dren 'to manufacture cash for ghosts. The peculiar superstitions of China embarrass workmen in ...e pursuit of their ordinary trades. For example, the carpenters and builders, though re ceiving better wages 'than many other -workmen, must spend much of their earnings in heavy to!l for the privilege of passing along 'the Chinese 'turnpike of superstition. In the first place, they murt exercise great care, when Lbuilding a house, to select a ridge beam havinz neither cracks nor knots. One small hole is made therein and filled with go!d-le.: then the beam is painted red. All this'is supposed to. bring the. future in.l:c.itant. riches and honour. A piciure of Chang-Wong-Yae, the special god of carpenters, is usually hung from the - raftera of a new house or' one indergoing reiairs. :?hese portfts' are rentsd, for a small sum, from the priest 'at the temple of Chong-Wong Yad, whither carpenters. and builders resort to make their offerings, in order to ward off possible accidents. If a house is to be repaired, wonderful fore thought .is necessa.ry. The evil spirits which are supposed to occupy each dwelling that mortals have inhabited cause the carpenter no end of trouble and no 'trifling expense. First an astrologer -must be consulted with re gard -to the -most lucky day for begin ning cue work; then a square suspended from the ridge beam is a ntlficatlon to the spirits, of darkness that their idwelling . place is to be disturbed, wherefore the square thing for them to do is to move oult quietly and peace fully. Next the carpenter makes offer ings to these unseen residents. These gifts seem to say, "If you please, spirits of darkness, accept t.s bribe, and :speedily take your flight" Next the neighbours must be warned thatt these evil influences are about, to be turned loose, perhaps to seek -shelter under a neighbouring roof. Every house on that street receives a notice that upon a certain day and 'hour repairs are to bergin on the dwelling of Alh Sin. Each household can then pay the imps not to enter its doorway, but -to go to the next neighbour. . . . The first per son in all..the world who .raised silk worms for -the purpose of robbing the cocoon of its soft covering was the Em- press Si-Lung-Chee, who reigned in China 2700 ,B.C. She 'is now worshipped as goddess of ,the silkworm. Once each year a national festival is -held in her honour. The ,reigning Empress and her maidens resort -to the -temples of Si- Lung-Chee, and pay her, in flowers end spirit money, an -instalment upon the debt which China owes to her; for did she not make the 'important dis oevery whereby the poor may earn life's necessities and the 'rich 'may rustle in chin-ing garments? In the cities, -trades of -a kind are all of cue mind in, choosing a lccantion. Even the hotels are usually grouped within 'a square or two o:f one another. Each one seeks to attract guests by high-sound-lng 'titles: f or exa.mple, in Canton arc hotels which fla.unt the sign of "The Fortunate Star," "The iGolden Profits" (an unusually frank confession for 'a landlord -to make), "Tlhe Rank Conferring," and "The Happiness." The food is not so bad; but the traveller who goes t:o one of these houses to sleep vill witsh that he had gone to another. The -bedronos are sm-all, -thin-walled boxes, in which you may hea.r the brea1thing of your next neighbour, or be kept a-wake half -the night 'by the conversation of people at the other end of the hall, -or worse still, he almost stifled by the smoke from an opium pipe which is bein-g indulged in by -the man ,across the passage way. The 'tea saloons fur-nish employment t'o singers and ventniloq-uists, or elo cutilonists, who are hired by -the pro prietor 'to entertain the men who gather there -to drink -te:a and gossip. Upon small talbles are placed trays holding a variety of calkes and pre serves, which are served with each cup o:f delicious, freshly-made -tea. One hlouse of -ententainment peculiar to China -is the dog-and-cart-mealt restaur ant. This does not m-ea.n t:ni t house -hold pets are .there brodi'ni, to be fed, but that Tabby a.nd Fid- o re .served up in stews. According 'to prices charged for -otlher food, -these stews are rather expensive-especi-ally if the cat or dog chanced to be black, -and therefre more nutritious, according -to popular notion. The following list was copied from a Chlinese sign: One smal-l basin black cat stew 5 cts. Grease from black dog........ 4 ots. One pair black cat's eyes....... 4 cts. 