STORY. The Two Priests of Konnoto. In the steaming depths of the Dahomey forest stands the native, town of Konnoto. Round three sides' of it flow the yellow waters of'the Kanu river, and on the peninsula thus formed are many rows of thatched huts nestling beneath the tufted fronds of palms and groves of green oranges and limes. On the opposite bank of the river, and behind the town, the dark cottonwood forest rises like a wall, with narrow trails winding away into its green shades. The climate of Konnoto, like that of most West African towns, is by no means a desirable one, for the dank mist which settles down at snnset upon river and forest is heavy with germs of fever. Small-pox, dysentery, and cholera are rife, and many of the . natives are crippled by the foot-boring chigoe or the horrible Guinea worm. The inhabitants, who as a role despise all clothing but a device of bine tattoo or the scantiest waist-cloths, axe, however, used to these things, and generally drive their sick into the bash to die or recover as best they can, or, if the disease .. . be infectious, knock them on the head :• f *nd toss the corpse into' the river. In \- V their eyes the town makes the best of . ' -all possible worlds, for in that fertile soil all that they need to support life • will grow almost without asking; 1 while should they need the wherewithal -"to purchase luxuries from the coast, 1 they have only to rob a few of the oilcarrier* passing down the river, or to plunder a. trading village across the ' neighboring frontier of Lagos. A little-while ago there were two powers, ruling in Konnoto, The first was the Headman Amaro, a huge, easygoing negro, who so^ long as his armed retainers- pro vidwl him with a sufficiency of wives from the Egba country, and kept him supplied with poisonous Hamburg gin, had no objection to their plundering on .their own account. Thosecond was the ' Ju-ju man, or Fetish priest, Bussa, who ruled with an irpn hand in the name of countless Ju-Ju devilsa&d; legions of wandering ghosts. Bussa was old and. decrepit, a man of slight stature among arace of • giants, and his shrivelled chest was \- coveted with many charms hung from a necklace of human skin.. There was, as -usual, fierce jealously between the two \- powers, and but for the fear of theevil . spirits (for there was no negro' in all ; Konnoto brave enough to jm&s; the Ju- . Ju wands• set up" on either side of his hut) a spear-thrust might have cut' short. Bussa's career. Such was the state of affairs in the Dahomey town when the Rev. David Kinnett and his wife, carrying their i&L-z; lives in their hands, undertook the conversion of Konnoto on behalf of ,a certain mission. The missionary had been taughtthe forest-tongue at Lagos and •commenced his work with zeal and discretion, adapting his theology to the understanding pt the natives, as usual }in Africa,, in a manner which would probfcbly have; made the subscribers, at liome lift th^ir/hands in horror. He had, . also .studied- surgery, and physic, and every .negro has a profound reverence ®; % for a, <3toctori and will take unlimited \- drags, the stronger the better. - The ; natives also began - to notice that the missionary's patients as a rule recovered, while those of the Ju-Ju man generally died. So every morning, the dispensary was crowded with applicants for medicine, most of whom; with the curiosity of the nego, remained to hear the new doctrine which was being preached among them by a priest, who, strange to say, threatened them with neither pestilence nor ghostly vision if their offerings were light. So, step by step, the fever-stricken white man and his sickly'wife won the fickle affection of the people, and Amaro looked on approvingly at whatever weakened the power pi his rival. For a time Bussa smiled grimly and said nothing. He had seen the coming, and also the going, of two God-palavermen, one of whom died of pestilence, while the other had been driven forth by the order of the Kine;. He also knew that the instinct of centuries of rapine and bloodshed is not to be eradicated by a few sermons very imperfectly understood, and that the. longer it was repressed the more violently would the old savage nature break out tome day. Now David Kinnett had brought with him a Mahommedan Haussa from the far north, who understood the art of weaving the fine' native cloth shipped from Lagos ; and when he offered to teach this art to the inhabitants - there were many pupils, the more su that the missionary assured them the doth was convertible into European goods on the coast. So the negro being quick to -learn, mucH creditable work was turned out; and it was a proud dtfy for the missionary and his wife when a train of bearers, marched south through the ,forests, each mail carrying, a roll of cloth upon his woolly head. Thus the influence of the white priest spread slowly but steadily, while the black priest scowled darkly and bided his \ time in-silence. Strange to say, even Captain Sinclair and Lieutenant Smith, who, with the aid of half a company of Mahomedan- Yorubas, maintained some kind of law and order on the frontier of the neighboring colony of LagoS, would occasionally travel thirty miles through' the forest to spend a day .or two at Konnoto station. . This was the more remarkable as generally speaking the frontier officer does n&t; love the missionary, »and the captain bore the name of e very hard; case among those Who knew him. Moreover, the missionary did not provide his guests with any alcoholic refreshments. When Captain Sinclair, saw the weavers 'at work, and heard that a quantity of cloth was already on its way to the coast, he marvelled ; then he exchanged a significant glance with bis subaltern and asked languidly : "Did you send a letter to the Porto Novo traders, specifying what articles you required in return 7" " No," said the lady. " We thought this time it would be better for them to buy whatever took their fancy. With the next lot we will purchase windowframes and bring up some carpenters from Lagos, to make a beginning with the church we hwe so long prayed for ?" " I hope you will, Madam, answered the officer. " The carriers Bhould be back in three weeks; we will have pleasure in visiting you then ;" and he trod heavily upon the lieutenant's toe, for the latter's face was twitching. Next morning, as they swung through the dewy forest in their lurching ham- mockg, Captain Sinclair observed : " I* suppose I'm a bad lot, and you are not much-better, Charlie, but I know a good, womauwhen I sec one. The missionary is genuine enough, too;; but what a crime it is for the committee at home to insist upon these men beiag married. I wonder if they know that endless misery and almost certain death awaits every Englishwoman in this ghastly place." . • The lieutenant laughed softly. Well," he said, " I would like to see the Reverend David's face when MB carriers come back. We must be there too, Or it may mean unlimited murder; probably Bussa will see his chance. Strange that the old rascal has not worked his rival out yet; he managed it twice be- 1 fore. I shouldn't wonder if he poisoned the first man." Three weeks later the two officers again journeyed through the forests towards Konnoto, but this time they brought a guard of Yorubas with them. Darkness closed dojrn as they neared the clearing, and Lieutenant Smith, who had been listening intently, remarked, " As I thought—the carriers have .come back ;" and the captain urged the tired bearers forward, for the crash of flintlock guns ring out through the forest above the pandemonium of shouting, singvng, and the beating of monkey-skin drums. " Get on, men. for Heaven's sake, hurry," Baid the lieutenant, as a red blaze flickered through the trees ; and presently they marched into Konnoto. Huge fires blazed in the ccntre of the trade-square, and round them sat men and women in vari- ous stages of drunkenness, while empty cases of Hamburg gin and' Bquare- Bhouldered bottles' lay everywhere abont. Further on, groups of wild figures, with the red firelight shining on their naked skins, howled and flung their limbs about to a discordant concert of drums and horns ; while every now and then one of Araaro's guard would fire his gun aimlessly into a hut as he passed. : " This is under French protection, and we are trespassers now, or I'd _ clean the place out. Forward there, drive the heathen aside," said the captain, and the little detachment, hurried towards the missionary's . dwelling. " They were just " in time, for, urged on by the Ju-Ju man, a frantic mob surged round the house, while, haggard,' and shaking with fever, the missionary stood facing tliQm upon the verandah, alternately striving t^ reassure the trembling woman: who clung to his arm and ad- dressing thesavages. .'• At the sight 6f ; the bayonets, the mob broke up and went whoopi ng away, and hurrying up the staircase Captain Sinclair grasped the hand of the preacher, who gasped: " Thank God, you've come in time. A«. few minutts more and our blood would have been upon their hands. It has been an'awful scene." ." Go on," Baid the captain quietly ; " I can partly guess what'bias happenedj" and the missionary's -wife wrung her hands, as her husband continued : " The cloth must have sold well ; they bought back unlimited gin . and gunpowder.. Half of -them have gone south with their new j»uns to' raid a village, and when this 'gin is finished Weavers will be. at wdrkin.eveiy hut.- It is dreadfnl heart • breaking. I took such pains to teach them, and I have only placed drunkenness and murder within the reach of all. Many have died from? small pox, too, and the plague is in the town.'' ".There is only one thing to be done," said the captain, and that is to take you out of this at once. Bussa has the upper hand now, and he will stick at nothing. If you call the Senetralis in you will earn their hatred for life. Besides, you are half dead with fever. Give them a month to settle down, and then go back." " This is my work arid I may not desert it. There is a protection greater even than that of the officer of Senegalis," answered the missionary quietly ; " but I am afraid flay wife must go." The terrified woman clung closer to her husband's side, and with many tears protested that her place was there and that she would never leave him, until the captaiu said: " Madam, I honor you for your courage, but the thing is' impossible. I must send you to Lagos. If there is no other way, we must use force." Then, reading approval in the missionary's glance, he continued : " I hold power of life and death on the frontier, and my word is law." Thus it came about that two days later, when there was comparative peace in the village, after a tearful parting, for husband, and wife never expected to meet again in this world, a wan, weary- , faced woman turned in her swaying ham<mock and waved a trembling hand to \ the man who leaned across the verandah * balustrade with his heart in bis eyeq. . Then she let fall the awning and burst into choking sobs its the bearers strpde . ' away inliP the gloom of the iotest. . So David Kinnett remained alone to. face the horrors of the pestilence wlueh . spread from man to man, while his black' rival went about filling every .ear with warnings that this was the vengeance of the wood-devils upon those who had forsaken them for the gods of the.-white man. . Three weeks later, Captain Sinclair - and Lieutenant Smith, both clad in the— airiest of garment, sat in a darkened room of. the residency, at Atumba^ v There the two officers suffered i%u- : larly from intermittent' fever* and rah: occasional, risks of poison'and ainbudlt, '^ Also they imbibed considerably topye' 1 ' strong waters than were good 'fof.' them ' in that climate, and for varieus^nsasohs" were not regarded favorably bj" the'* authorities.' Green blinds ihut out the * light but not the heat,' and little puffs of Warm air played in'and but through , the lattice-work, bringing with them the ' smell of sun-scorched earth and powdeiy dust from the compound outside, from which rose "the tread of marching feet, ( and the hoarse shoflts of a Yoruba sergeant drilling Jus meni' " Pah !" said the captain, wiping the ' perspiration out of his eyes ; it is almost " too, much work to breathe .in this " .sickening heat. I wonder' liow the Reverend Kennett is getting on ; I wish we'd been able to take a trip across— —hullo, Sergeant!" There was a tap at the door and a big Yoruba entered the room and raising his hand iti salute,, said :." Bushman, Sah. bring little word from Konnote." A.8 he spoke, a tall Dahomeyan staggering forward, his nakid skin torn with thorns, and daubed with the slime: of the s^ramps, handed the officer a carved baton of ebonj and ivory, and a curious string of cowries, maize-grains, kola-nuts, and a tiny packet of sail. (To be Continued.) « ANXIOUS MOMENTS." ; 