THE BULLET HOLE. ("Strand Magazine.") At the time when I was employed in the War Office I 'had a companion who worked' in the same room with, me L cadled Jean Vidal, an old non-counmis sioned, officer, who , had lost his left arm in the Italian campaign, 'but who ja ad stillhis right lhand-the "cunning .hand" of a quartermiaster-with which t he executed all sorts of wonders in the t caligraphic line - round - hand, i flourishes, Gothic letters; and 'he could difw a little bird in the-final flourish of the signature with' a single stroke of his pen. As I lived in the subuirbs towards the south of Paris at that time, I often walked home with Pere Vidal, and I used' to take plea sure in getting btin, to give me an account of his campaign as we walked past the Military School, meeting a at every step-it was in the latter s years of the Empire-the handsome a uniforms of the Imperial Guards, th!e pioneers in green, the lancers in white, the artillery officers in their e magnificent sombre uniforms-black \- and gold. It was worthi while to s get killed in such a' costume as that! e One evening as we went down that d horrid Boulevard de Grenelle he stopped as aeddenly before the windLow of a n second.hand clothes shop-there are a It good many in that quarter. It was a a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished it epaulettes in. the windhows; and hang s ing before the door, among dirty rags, a there 'wa's here and there some old . officer's coat, rotted 'by 'the rain' and n fretted by the sun, with a sort of i1 vague human 'resemblance in its tight waist and broad shoulders. Vidal . seized my arm with his one hand, and pointed with ,his stump to one of these cast-off garmenits-it was the tunic of Sarn Africai officer, with its many " plaited skirt, and its triple gold band twisted into, a figu're of eight on the , sleeve, as the hussars wear it. "Look f lhere," said -he; this is the uniform of :e my old corps-a captain's tunic." it As he went near to examine it more d closely, and read' the number engraved ,e on the buttons, he added, enthusiastic iy ally: "My own regiment! The first E, Zouaves! . . . . How could' it have come there? It is a long way It from. the battle-field of Melegnano to ,e the Boulevard de Grenelle. Yes, I re know there are the vultures who fol at low the army and plunder the corpses. \- But why just there, not two steps from ie the Military School, where the other's regiment is quartered? And he must st have passed 'here; he must have reccg nised it. Oh, it is like seeing a it ghost!" "Colme now, Pere Vidal," said I, taking him by the ann, intensely in 1- tereoted; "youi are not going oit talking riddles; you may just as well tell me i0 what that old torn tunic l?as remindeq in you of, By But I verily believe that if he had fy not drunk those two absinthes I should never have h;eard the stariy; for when > I asked him to tell me Pere Vidal to shot a suspicious and almost frightened Id glance at me. Then, suddenly, as if he 'b had made up his mind 'to speak, he ir began in a dry, hard' voice: d. "Well, then, yes I will tell you all Id about it for you are a clever young iy man, and honiourable, and I can trust id you. You will tell mte-honestly, on a- your conscience-iwhre?ih- Yiu 1llllk I s Was right to act as I 'did. Let me i see, where shall I Ibegin? Ah, in 1h t0e first place, I cannot tell you his it rimlli,-=the other's, I mlean--because a he is still alive, I shall have to call >f him by the 1110knname we gav;e him in thie regiment. ''lTlirsty' we called him, and he deserved the name, too, for he wasl 'one of these fellows who wI as never out of the canteeil, hnd ivC uld 'toss off his twelve glasses of L- braney, one for each, stroke, when the e clock striuck: twelve. When I joined d the regiment 'Thirsty had. just finished t his time; she re-inji;.ted, received the e bounty, and went in fo?ir three days' regular carouse in the dloivet parts S'of Algiers. With four or five .1)o6 s companions like himself they drove Sabout, all packed in an open carriage and flourishiing a tri-coloured flag with the motto, 'This can't last for ever!' en it. IHe was brought back to the barrack with his bead cut open by a sword wound that .he 'had got in a Moorish den., wheore 'he had ao fight with the Arabs. Thirsty got we'll; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, r and had his stripes taken from him. "Well, he lost his stripes after that affai. with the Arabs, but he got them back again 18 monthk later- at the ?E same time that I myself r'ose to be serg~eant-quartenmstmterthnks to the c kindness of the captain, who had al ways gr'ea't patience with Thirsty. Ire was an old eAfrican soldier himself, aiii1 had s'en him' un?fier .firel at IKabylie. But just at that tim,e our old captain was promoted and left the G regIiment, and they sent us out a young fellow, only 28, to take his place. He re was a Ocidcican named Gentile; a cool, k ambitious man, just out of the school 0i -~a very good officer, they said, but ve'ry hard on the men. IHe would , give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button vI missing off your gaiters. He had n'ever served in Algetisa, amnd had no b notion of any insubordination or dis order. From the first moment hle and In Thitrsty were at daggers drawn. That they were sure to be. The first time the sergeant was absent from roll-call te he put him' under arrest for a week; ii the first time he gort drunk, for a e fortnight. When the captain-a little n dark man, as stiff as a poker, with t bristling moustaches - ordered him ia under arrest, adding, in a stern tone, o 'I know you, my fr'iend, and I mean to tii manater you!' Thirsty never answered of a word, but walked quietly away'Hi toward the guard room. Still I fancy the cailth'ain: would have lowered his tone a bit all the same iif he had seen low the sergeant's face reddened with anger, and how 'his terrible blue eyes flashed as ,he turned awary. "MVeainwhile the Emperor declared war on Austria, and we were all shipped off to Italy. I pass over the incidents of the campaign, and come to the point. at once. The evening 'be fore the battle of Melegnano-where I lost my arm, you know--our bat talion wan encamped in a small vil lage, and before we broke ranks our captain made us a little speechl--he was quite, right, was the captain - reminding us that we were in a friendly country, and that for the honour of the army we should le on our good behaviour; and he added that anyone who caused Ithe slightest an noyance to any of the inhabitants would be punished most severely. While lhe was making this speech., Thirsty, w.ho was standing near him, leaning unsteadily on 'his bayonet he had emptied 'a good many glasses since the morning - shrugged his shoulders, but fortuunately the captain did not notice him. "In the middle of the, night I was waklened up suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw I had been sleeping on in a corner of a farm yard, and by the light of the moon I saw Thirsty with a young, girl in his arms, all torn and dishevelled, and call ting on the M1adonna anpl all the saints 'in 'heaven to save 'her. He was struggling furiously, like a lion, with a lot of peasants and soldiers who were trying to; rescue her from him. I ran up to help, but Captain Gentile got th'ere before me. With lone glance -'he had a very commianding glance, ,haid the little Corsican-he drove back the sergeant, cowed. Then, when he ha.d spoken a few reassuring words to the girl in Italian, .he came back and stood beforo the culprit, and, shaking ,his finger before the other's face, "They, ought to blow out the brains of wretches like you,' said 'he. 'A's soon as I can see the colonel you shall have your stripes taken from you; and' it will be for good this time. There will be a battle to-morrow; you had' better try and ge't killed!" "We went back to, bed again. But the captain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by a cannonade. We flew, to arms and formed' a column, Thirsty taking his place next to me. I thought I had never seen his fierce blue eyes look more terrible. The battalion began its march. We were to -dislodge the white coats, who had' taken up their positilon in the village of Melegnano, which they fortified with canon. For ward, march! We hadn't gone two miles when, bang! 'the Austrian canon burst over us, and knocked down 15 of our men, After that the officers, who had been waiting for the order to charge, made us lie d1ow,! In the~ maize fields like .the sharpshooters. They remained' standing 'themselves, of course, and I can: tell you our cap tain stood up as straight as any of them'. We men, kneeling among the corn stalks, kept up an incessant fire on the Austrian battery, which was within range. Suddenly I "some one nudge my e - and s ..aw ,u I tuinetl rounid, and saw."hirsty l'oaddig hig rf!!! -'a looking at tae with a sort of dare devil smile lurking in the corners of his mouth. " 'You see 'thei captain?' said' li?e, Jerking his head towards that officer, who was standing at a distance of' ablaut 20 feet from Us. "'Yes; what of it? I answered, looking in the same direction. "What of ilt? He 'ought not to have spoken to me as he did last night.' "Then with' a r'atid, well-caiculated mov1fii8nt, he levelled his piece and fired. I saw the captain, with a sud den convulsii'e spasm, throw back his 'head and beat the a?l' With' his hands, thlen drop his sword' and tall heavily backward to 'the ground." 