WISE AND OTHERWISE.' The Am liau tho reputation of being an ota'tinato ami, Homctiinca, a malicious aniinnl. "Ah wicked n:t a rod ass," sayh tho French proverb. Therefore when Mr. lJland Holt dis covered a " blue and white main donkey," which proved to hu a priinnlalnng and not unintelligent actor lie wa» naturally elated. Jlut the Donkey won not puffed up by his buccchh au a mummer. On tho contrary, he cleared out from his stable next morning and 1ms not ainco appeared on the hourds of tho Thcatru Royal. It would bo extremely interesting to know what Iii» reasons were for conducting liiuiHcIf in this cantankerous fashion. Ho could not havo had misgivings about the Ghost ' walking on Treasury day, neither could ho have con- Hciontiously found fault with tho efficiency of the company of which 1m had just become a member. Fcrhaps lie was an Am of a serious turn of mind— there are many such fit Mel- bourne— and objected to Lho moral tone of tho play in which ho had made his first appearance. Classical readers will remember that tho Ash in the story of Apuleius bolted out of the arena in tho middle of a performance for a similar reason. If Conan Doyle the novelist had accepted tho offer made him by a New York newspaper proprietor, and gone to Carson, Nevada, to describe the CorbeU-Fitzsimmons fight he would hnve seen something that would havo been right into hia hands, as the saying goes. Mrs. FitzHimmona modem Queen of the Tournament— clicoring her husband on to tho combat, and laughing and weeping »h it seemed to go for or against him. More than that, nho kept encouraging him with scientific advice to get in body blown on his antagonist. Of course Corbett was beaten. t In talcs of chivalry tho knight whoso lady-love was a witness of Miis prowess always knocked the utullmg out of the other follow, whoso Dulcinca was absent. When the next prizo light takoa plnco, tho referees will no doubt lake care tiiat ono of tho eombatauti shall not secure an unfair advantage by getting his wife to come and 44 barrack" for him. Tho profession of bookmaking lias received a deadly blow in England. Tho judges of .tho Quocu'h Bench Division of the High Court havo decided' that racecourses are public places within tho meaning of tho act prohibiting betting. What will become of tho bookmakers '! Surely they deserve Rome consideration when bo much sympathy in being lavished on Cretans and Armenians, who are strangers to tho pocial life of tho British people ! A distressed (Knglish) bookmakers' fund should. bo started by Australian metallieians without delay'.' They may themselves bo in need of practical sympathy iu the not distant futuro. One can imagino Jkoy and Mish dithyrumbicaUy dis cussing tho situation — Ikoy : " They'll havo to pawn tiioir watches, Gold pins, and dimond rings, And leave off lambkin-skinning," Mish : " Aud do hard graft, poor things." Ikey: " The food they cat in futuro Will ho both chonp and plain ; They'll havo to give up whisky," Mish : " And drink no moro champagne.'' Ikey: 44 Suppose tho Gov'mcnt horo should Tho samo tiling bring about V" Mish: "They daren't ! Tho whole dashed country Woulil riao and chuck 'em out." Tho State school Tcacliora Union of Vic toria has, almost unanimously, carried a motion to tho cifcct that 44 sewing for tho boys ho abolished/ Singular instance' of shortsighted ness ! When Mr. 1'cacock introduced this humble but useful subject into the Stato schools' curriculum ho had a deep philosophic reason for doing so. ' His aim was to make tho rising generation of males to Homo extent inde pendent of their household tyrants and capable of living self-centred lives— which would bo impossible for them to do if thoy could not sow on their own buttons. The help lessness of tho avorago man whon a button drops from his clothes, and thcro is no woman near to sow it on again for him, would he ludicrous if it were not pathetic. Mr. Feacock was evidently struck by this fact, and, in consequence, determined that tho next batch of men raised in Victoria would bo able to do their own sewing. Possibly their education in this direction . may, .(if jfc. is. not abolished, as desired by the teachers) have n depressing effect on the marriage market, but this will be amply compensated by the splendid self- reliance and proud independence which will characterise thu Malo Victorian of tho future. A wanton outrage on tho Bacrcd rights and privileges of tho representatives of the pcoplu was committed on Saturday last. Certain memhors of tho Legislative Assembly presented tbcniHolvca that day at the door of tho House to demand admission— as a matter of course— in order to get a good view of the Bight Hours pro- ccHsion from -tho front windows or tho roof of tho building. But, to their disgust and disma, tho door remained shut, and there was no Ali Balm amongst them who knew the magic word wherewith to open it. The idea. that. Parliament House— their Parliament House— could in any conceivable circumstances ho closed to them was too wild and monstrous. Yet .thcro was tho cold, inhospitable fact staring them in the face. If they had wanted to get in merely for tho purpose of tnkiug a nap on tho legislative benches or invading the refreshment room, thorc might have been somo excuao for their exclu sion. But tho spectacle of several members of tho Council staring superciliously out of tho front wiudowH showed that sleep, even on tho part of experts, was not just then encouraged on tho premises, and tho presence of 3\lr. Gray, tho unimpcnchably moral member for Prahran, amongst tho applicants for admission should have been sufficient guarantee for tho sobriety of his companions. It is now too latctoutono for tho insult in any other way than by ap pointing a royal commission, with a salaried secretary, to inquire into it. There seems reason for bolioving that tho coming Australian rising generation will he noted by tho riso of a school of Scriptural novelists of no moan order. At a recent ex amination of Church of England Sunday school scholars some of tho anipvcrB given showod that a number of tho pupils wcro possessed of imaginative and constructive faculties which should, in aftor life, make them successful writers of Biblical fiction if their inclinations should lead them into that path of .litera ture. Ono of them boldly assorted that 44 Surah was struck dead with her husband for having sold a possession." This seems a hard thing to saj' of the Mother of Israel and the patriarch Abraham. Ilouhcn, according to tlieso Sunday school romancists, had an extremely chequered career. He was .tho 44 daughter of Itobckab," tho " wife of Moses," and the 44 mother of Jacob." Noneoftheao llighta of fancy, however, approach that of tho youth who, on another occasion, when asked to give a brief biography of tho groat Jewish law giver, writes, 44 Mosca was a great inventor. Ho invented the Ton Commandments." Tho adventurous Victorian who has con tracted 44 tho yellow favor " is difficult indeed to euro. Typhoid proves ft partial remedy in "\Vo8t Australia, and the lack of gold in that putative Golconda went further to elfoct a euro ; but the course of the gold fovor was only checked, and divortod, and has carried off hundreds of sufferers to Now Guinea. If, however, anything can cure tho mania, tho latest news from the great Dark Island should prove an cfFectual remedy. According to ono account tho prospectors are dying like sheep in the fever-haunted jungle, and gallant little parties which plunge into tho tropical wilderness to hunt for gold find either fovcr or Papuan spears and war clubs and simply disapjicar. What New Guinea fever means . may be judged from Sir "William MncGrcgor's csfchnato of tho pro-', pcrly equipped prospector's outfit, which in cludes a very heavy expenditure on modichioa that must ho carried." .What it can do in Northern Queensland when it gets a' foot ing is effectively explained iu a cheer ful little picco of news from Nor- inantdn. It ' is officially reported thoro that' everybody in tho town has or 1ms had tho fovcr, that tho warders of tlio gaol have sue- cutnbod to it, that tho surviving prisoners liavo been released, and that tho gaol Is now utilised as a hospital. Aro any further attrac tions necessary to draw gold seekers frdm Gippsiaud to Now Guinea 2 