THE HAUNTED HAND. (The Idler.) ' Can you get it under ? ' Possibly,' answered the captain Tather curtly. He was curt even to his interlocutor — a privileged person on board — a tall, fair man, with hair that ?was almost colourless, and manners ?subtly sucrffestive of velvet over steel. They both stepped back a little from 'the forward hatch. The decks were .-getting too hot, despite the water that ran towards the scuppers. It was very 'unfortunate that the Mahanaddy's cargo ?should have ignited on this particular voyage, when the Persian Mission was on board, and the whole Press agog for thei.i arrival at Plymouth. The captain was mentally vowing that if he had any influence whatever with the directors, and if the good old ship pulled through this, the Mahanaddy should never carry that cursed Egyptian cotton again. In the meantime they were pounding through the Buy of Biscay in a grey, warm gale of wind, such as dries the skin and sots the nerve to tingle. They wej'e heading straight tor TJshant, they were racing with the fire that burnt inside the good ship like sprue fell ?disease. And she, as if she had sense and knew her danger, lifted her great prow to the horizon, and strained for ?wards through the hissing sea. The ?spray thrown up by the cut- water dried immediately on her hot sides, leaving 'the brine on the black paint. Between the planks the pitch exuded, black and glistening like jet. It stuck to the boots of the men and officers, who ?worked like souls possessed - tired, 'worn, and dirty. ' And if you don't get it under ?' said 'the fair man softly ; he spoke as if his listener was in pain, needing gentle treatment. The captain glanced over the rail to the wild sea, which seemed to gloat over their trouble, and shrugged his shoulders significantly. ' It is awkward.' admitted the other, and he smiled softly. As has been previously mentioned, he ?was a privileged person. He was the ?second in command of the Persian. Mission, and it was whispered in certain ?circles that he was second to none in that particular form of diplomacy which ?was his- — namely, the manag-ment of Oriental potentates. His chief was below, in his stateroom, penning one of those perfectly- worded literary despatches for which he was famed. It seemed likely that this particular production was destined to be picked up by a sar dine fisher of the Morbihan — the work of a vanished hind — but that, in- the estimation of the writer, was no reason why it should not be worthy of his repu tation. So he sat in the cabin of what seemed to be a doomed ship, and ad dressed his rounded periods to Her Majesty's Secretary for Foreign Affairs. ' How are they getting on aft ?' said the captain suddenly. ' Pretty well. The ladies have found it all out, though. They see through our blandishments. They know that it ?is touch and go.' The hatches were battened and covered deep in soaked canvas. -; The bulkheads were screwed close — the decks were kept constantly under water. The question now was whether the fire could be smothered or not, and the answer was with Fate. ' I wish,' said the captain, ' that you would go aft and keep up their hearts.' The fair man laughed. ' How 1' he said. ' Give them a meal ?' ' -, 'Can't give them any more meals ; they have just had lunch.' '? Well,' said the diplomat, 'I will order tea ; it is a good thing to die on.' I 'No, spin them a yarn or something. Distract their attention. It will be settled one way or the other in half an hour.' ? ' All right,' turning on his heel, ' I'll tell them a little story.' He lounged aft to where the ladies — there were only five of them — sat in a group, and drew forward a chair and seated him self, crossing one leg over the other, and drawing up reflectively a creaseless black sock. He made no pretence of conceal ment out of respect for the ladies, seem ing to take it for granted that they all (including three young girls) must know that somewhere the sock ends and the leg begins. 'lhave,' he said, 'been telling the captain a little story, an improving tale with no moral They lead a slow and monotonous life, these mariners ; I do my best to. relieve the dreariness of it.' ' Tell us the story,' said the Great Lady. She guessed that no questions were to be asked. ' It is,' he exclaimed, ' a horrible tale ! A blood-curdling little narrative which will sound nasty, in the daylight.' The three young girls drew in their chairs, while the men smiled, serenely sure of their own nerves. ' The sort of tale,' continued the narrator, ' to haunt you. It haunts me — not the whole of me—only that hand.' He raised in the air his right arm, and contemplated, reflectively, a- frail- brown-fingered hand. 'That hand,' he added with a vague smile, ' is haunted. It has a special ghost of its own. I sometimes wake up* in the night, and the ghost is there. ' They,' and he slowly curved his fingers, ' have hold of it.' After a little pause, the haunted hand returned to the bl-ck sock. ' It was years ago,' he began, ' when I' (with an imperceptible glance towards the Great Lady) 'was at the bottom of the tree. I was attuche in a, great city. The peace ot Europe was hanging by a thread — not only in the newspapers. A secret treaty was in course of completion between England and another Power. A draft of this treaty was sent to my chief. We had it at the Embassy, and it was rather a white elephant to us, because we suspected that its presence in the house was known to the Government of the country to which we were accredited. While it was in the house the chief asked us all to remain' at home in the evening, for we all lived under one roof. ' We dined with him every night. He was a bachelor — a dried-up little man with a mind like a magnet. He was the very calmest little man I have ever dealt with ; just the man for the place, for there was no very stable Go vernment in the country at that time, and he had to keep four or fire parties in a good humor. 'After a long dinner on the third evening we played pool, and went on. playing very late, long after the servant had gone to bed. . ' It was the chief who heard the sound of stealthy keys being thrust into the lock of the front door, which was imme diately below his dressing-room, whither he had gone to get change for a five — for a large coin. ' He came back to the billiard-room looking a little calmer than usual. ?; ' ' You' chaps,' lie said, putting on his coat, 'there- is someone trying to force the 'front door. There is a light in the hall. Shall we go down and watch the operations ?' ' We knowing him too -well to take this for a joke, laid aside our ciies and followed him withoufc'waiting to put on our coats. ' We all crept downstairs and stood on the mat in the dim light of the lowered gas. Five of us— listening to the operations of the skilled workmen on .the other side of the door. 'After trying several keys, the idea of opening the dcor by Unlocking it was apparently abandoned. ; Presently, the evil looking' point of a centre-bit emerged from the woodwork oE the massive panel with a. sound like a dog eating biscuits. The chief motioned us to stand aside, for it was only natural to suppose that an eye would be applied to the hole when completed. Owing to the thickness of the wood work the limit of vision through the aperture could only be small, and by crouching down we easily made our selves invisible. 'In a marvellously short space of time there was a hole as large as that saucer in the door. . ' We five crouched around it, watching it like terriers at a rat-hole. ' Then an idea struck me— a rare O-ourrence — and I crept back to the hat stand, where a leather dog leash hung beside the chief's top hat. ' He gave a little nod as I drew the thong towards me ; for he read thoughts as other men read print. 'I passed the noose end through the steel swivel, and crawling on my knees to the door, held the loop, thus made, round the xiole. I was. just in time. The- man outside had apparently been delaying in order to turn up hi_ sleeve. He was in no hurry ; and we wondered afterwards what had become of the police guard specially told off to watcli the British Embassy. ' A dirty hand — essentially the hand of toil— came through, inside my slip knot. This was followed by a bare white arm. I felt inclined to laugh, and ray two hands, outstretched to hold the dog leash in place, shook visibly. 'The elbow came through and curved, ?while the dirty fingers crept over the mechanism of the lock and chain with the intelligence of perfect knowledge. 'A little further until the muscles of the upper arm were visible — then I drew the noose tight, cutting deep into the sinews. L'ke cats, four pairs of hands pounced upon the hand and arm, holding it against the woodwork, while the gray fingers worked convulsively. We drew the arm through — right up -to the shoulder ; and they held it in place while I made fast the stout dog-leash to the two bolts of the knocker which jutted out at the top of the door. ' ' A neat job 1' said the chief, as we stood back and contemplated the twitching white arm. 'A very neat job. There is no hurry,' he added, beginning leisurely to unchain the door. ?'It., happened that I was of an athletic turn of mind in those day-, and when I proposed opening the door, my colleagues stepped back and ceded to me the place of honor. ' '''I opened it with a jerk and thrust ,oiit my hand —that hand — to where I knew his throat must be. ' My fingers seemed to go right through it. I grasped something that felt like a chain in a tangle of warm, wet seaweed. I had clutched his spine ! ' His companions had for their own protection cut the throat of this poor hired expert. They had done it so effectually that the head was only re tained by the vertebral column. In his agony he had grasped the bell with his right hand, and his rigid fingers still held to the handle. He was crucified face foremost against the door.' There was a pause, and the fair man looked round with a grave smile, which was, curiously enough, no longer mean ingless and placid, but very wise with the Wisdom of Life, and not of books. ' And so,' he said, ' my hand is haunted. It sometimes wakes up at night grasping a chain in a tangle of warm and dripping seaweed !?' * * * * * ' ' Ladies,' said the captain, ' after so exciting a stoiy it may scarcely interest you to know it, but the fire has been got under.' 