THE SENORA'S SECRET. "Wlien Bernard Lawton, artist, littera teur, aud Bostonian, announced Lis in tention of going to San Francisco for the summer, instead of piloting his mother and sisters about tbe continent, there was much pouting and dismay in the household. It is really very inconvenient junketing over Europe without a trou* sered accessor;' to look after the family luggage. But Bernard was determined to enjoy his outing after his own fashion, and having served in the capacity of envoy extraordinary to his womeulrind i the summer previous, felt that he had earned the privilege of "flocking by him self " for one season, at least. Accord iugly, after seeing his relatives safely aboard the Atlantic steamer, and the last flutter of uLawtonbandkerehief oraLaw ton petticoat was no longer visible, he started westward with a sigh of relief. One may love one's relatives aud still not yearn to be aperennial guide, philosopher, and friend to them. - -The young man had two reasons for j acquainting himself .with San Francisco. He was collecting material for a - book of | travel, with sketches, and wished to ex plore the western metropolis; and it was in San Francisco that all trace had been lost of his uncle and godfather in the early fifties. "When; the latter disappeared, leaving a bag of gold dnst and his per sonal belongings in his lodgings, his friends, believing him dead, had in time forwarded his effects to his brother in Boston, the,will naming the latter's son as his heir. The money had been applied to Bernard's education, and Bernard had always cherished a feeling of warmest gratitude for the donorj official proof of whose death had never been'established. Of late, a desire hod come over him to trace for himself, if possible, tbe career of his relative in" San Francisco; He bad been 111 the city some weeks without learning uiore than he already knew. A number of the . white-haired pioneers -whom he had hunted up gave him corroborative information, but of an unsatisfactory and meagre kind. They remembered Lawton well, but shook their heads .when Bernard suggested foul play as an explanation of his disappearance. He had 110 enemies, they argued, and none of his money was missing. It seemed to be the general belief that he had met i with a fatal accident aud that the body I'had not been discovered in time for iden tification. Bernard, however, could not or would not abandon his search for the final chapter in his benefactor's roinanticf history. "He'recalled him as the idol o his childhood, a fine-looking man, to whom he was declared by his parents to bear a striking resemblance. When the elder Lawtou had started for California with the gold fever burning bi<*h in his veins, he had kissed Berunia, then a little chap, good-bye, with many promises of the good times they should have when he returned. He had also left a sweetheart, a tall, blue-eyed girl, roir one o! Boston's stateliest matrons, with two sous at Harvard, for her heart had not broken wheu her lover failed to. couie back. Even in those days it was not considered good form in Boston to wither away for mere love. To Bernard, with his artisf s soul alive to impressions and his mind renewing its activity amid surroundings that every where appealed to his literary sense, San Francisco and its environs were a fascinat ing study. Day after day he wandered here and there, drawn by a whim in one direction, by an impulse in another, from Bussian Hill to tbe bay, from Chinatown to Bernal Heights, always finding some thing new and interesting by land or sea. The -Spanish side of life attracted him strongly, and he took especial delight in sketching the relies of adobe architecture that mark the earlier era of romance, and form a picturesque link between the conventional, mercenary present aud the soul-stirring chivalrous x>ast. One day after adding the finishing touches to a sketch of an alcalde's moss srown, ivy-embowered resting1 place in tbe Mission "Dolores burying ground, which he had obtained permission from the church authorities to visit, hestrolled for souie time about the neighborhood, when, turning the corner into a narrow, unfrequented street, he came upon a crumbling adobe which immediately caugbt his fancy. There was an air of inscrutable mystery about the quaint, tumble-down dwelling. He drew nearer it, impelled by something more than an artist's desire for details. An influence that he could not nutil afterwards ac count for or defiue led him to lift the latch of the wooden gate, which creaked on its hinges under a mass of honeysuckle that twined over and about it. A gnarled grape-vine arbor covered the plank walk leading to a low porch that ran the width of the house. The place was silent as death itself. Evidence of the inmate's fondness for flowers was seen in the bril liant-hued geraniums that brightened the shade from every available nook, rooted : in rusty tin cans. Cacti blossomed in cracked earthen pots, and blood-red roses nodded at him from boxes where they bloomed luxuriantly. Bernard had to .stoop, so low bad sunk the roofing, with bits of sunlight piercing its tiles, while the porch almost gave way beneath his tread. He seated himself on u wooden bench against the wall, for no answer had come to his knock. It had been bis inten* tion to beg forgiveness for tbe intrusion, and state that he was a tourist anxious to get a glimpse of the interior of what must be oue of the city's oldest land marks. He knew that the Spaniards are the most kindly and hospitable of people in their casas, and so did not fear rebuke. The afternoon was warm, and Bernard bared his head, enjoying the solitude of the spot, though a trespasser upon its peace. He was so near to the prosaic world that he could almost hear its heart beats, yet hidden from tha sight of passers-by.. It was a bit of arcady itself within the city limits; an oasis in the desert of civilisation. A bright-eyed lizard crept past him from under the doorsill and shot past him into the garden. He closed his eyes, jnelding to the dreaminess about him. "WTiether he slept a moment or,an hour he never knew. He was abruptly awakened lay an exclamation of terror. A. Spanish woman of middle age and impos ing figure stood before him in the arbor, whicb she bad entered from the street. Her faee, angularly handsome yet, .was ashen under its olive tint. Her large eyes, black and dilated, were fixed upon her visitor as though they beheld a ghost. "When Bernard sprang to his feet, about to apologise for alarming her, she sank to her knees, crossed herself,' murmured " Dios ! Dto$! " and would have fallen to the ground had he not caught her. Presently she staggered to her feet, and flinging him off with sudden strength, rushed to the house, unlocked the door and slipped the.bolt sharply into place behind her. " . Bernard, nonplussed, aud blaming himself for what he had done, picked, up his hat from the bench and -turned to go, when he caugbtsight of his. own: initials cut in deep letters ia the panel. of the door-B. 3d. L. He stood as;; though stunned for a few seconds, and then a light flashed across the darkness of the situation. His uncle's initials were his also. This woman's fright at seeing him who was the living embodiment of the other-surely here was something more than a coincidence. Inquiries in the neighborhood revealed little more than the fact that the Seuora Ygnacia bad lived alone in the adobe bouse as far back as any one could remember. The house itself liad been there when all around was but a knee - deep drift of sand. She was very devout and never left home excepting to go to the Mission or on an errant of mercy or necessity ; as much of a recluse as though she were a nun in a convent. Bernard went to his hotel in an excited cowlitiuii of mind. His sleep that night w.is disturbed by dreams of bis uuele, who seemed to be alternately beckoning him on. and entreating him to keep silence. In the morniug be resolved to learn at any cost wbat the Seuora uiigbt know. Her manifest fear at sight of Bim led him to the belief that she of all others in San Francisco was the one to go to for the truth. That afternoon he invaded for the second time the old garden of. the adobe. No one answered his knock, but he could hear the sound of a -woman's sobs within. " Senora," he called, softly but dis tinctly, " I must speak -with you. Upon my honor, as upon that of my ancle, BernardMelvjlle Law-ton, I will not harm you." Still there was no reply. " Senora," he finally said, " if you do not open the door, I Bhail be compelled to force it open. I must speak with yon." There was a quick movement within, and the Senor Ygnacia stood with flash- : ing eyes and quivering nostrils in the dimness of the room before him. " Coward ! " she said, as Bernard:ad vanced. ""Would you break like a thief into my house ? " . Kemoving his hat, he walked eloss to her. "Senora," said he, with winning gentleness, "I am not the brute that I seecu. I seek news of my uncle, whose initials are carved upon your door. What of him, Senora ? " ".. ' The woman's eyes we're searching every line of his face. " Bios /" she muttered; " the very image-even the voice." Then she paused and regarded Bernard de fiantly. There was silence for a few moments. "Yes," .she added, finally, " I once knew the Senor Xawton;but that was many years ago. He" went away, si"--- one knew where." . She lifted heri i i nervously to brash a thickly curling Uck of gray hair from her temple, and the young man saw upon herfinger a ring which he had ofteu when a child turned round upon, his uncle's finger. , He. decided upon a bold stroke, though a "blind one.. "Senora Ygnacia," he said," slowly, gazing at her as though he would read her very soul, "I have conie to find the murderer of my uncle." ,T " - . The woman fell to heir knees, claspedhis hands in both of bet's, and burst into . a torrent of weeping. . . "It was because I loved him," she con fessed. "Oh, when we of Spanish blood leve, we love; and when we hate, mother, of mercy, how we hate! And I hated the Seuorita in the East whose picture he wore and whom he must marry, he said, although it was X whom he loved. 'Honor' he called it. But . what was her love compared with mine? . "When he said good-bye to me that night, I was maddened with jealous rage. I stabbed him. Then, terrified "at my crime, dug a grave for bim in the sand. Since then I uave lived only to expiate my sin. I pray, day and night, for.forgiveuess." Bernard helped her to rise. " Take me to his grave," he said. - " B*e has no grave, but my heart," the unhappy woman replied. " 1-1 removed him after awhile. I could not bear to be separated from my beloved. You may as well know all, she added." "Follow me, and then give me up to the authorities if you will. I shall deserve my fate." Crossing the room to the door of an inner chamber, she beckoned to Bernard. The apartment which they entered was strewn with freshly-cut flowers. At the head and foot of a couch tapers were burning." The Senora lifted a black cloth, disclosing a skeleton, over which she mur mured the name of her lover with in* effiible tenderness. Her eyes, with remorse, gloom and unquenchable devo tion, sought those of her companion in mute, helpless inquiry. Bernard's voice sounded huskily strange to his own ears as it broke the stillness. " Senora," he said, " your secret is safe." Then, softly closing the door, he went forth into the summer sunshine. By Xiilliau Ferguson. 