A Haunted House. t STRANGE DOOR ANp A STRANGE STORY THAT OLTJNG TO IT. The pension oxaminor who had bean on duty in a southern state, was in Washington for» wsok or two, as is tlie oastom among that class of public servants, and he was telling of what he had seen and hoard in hia bailiwick, "Oh, yes,'' ho said, in rosponso to a query, there were 'ha'nts' there, for where are they not where the darkey prevaila? But the real ghost of the whole section was in on old house known as Harley Hall. The old house was nearly a hundred years old, and as far back as the people could re member, it had the reputation of being haunted. This reputation had primarily grown out of the fact that in one of the great rooms of tho house was a door leading somewhere which had never been opened, as far as known, and which resisted every ofTort to open it. The room was wainscoted fa oak nearly to the coiling, and this door was only about six feet high and . three- feet wide, and seemed appropriate as the entrance to a seoret chamber. It had heavy Iron hinges and a heavy iron latch and staple, eaten deeply by the rust, when X law it. " In response to a suggestion from tho owner of the place, who was showing. me over it and telling me tho atory of its ghost, I made an effort to get tho dour open, both by pulling at it and by putting my shoulder against it, and pushing with all my strength. I ovbti went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy jack against it to foroe it open, but. it refused to budge an inch. I could tell that It was a well made door by the sound it gave forth when pounded on, but there was no reason apparent why it should not open to reveal what was on the other side of ic. "The story was not a very weird one, consisting mostly of the rumor that on certain nights this door opened, and a former master of the house came forth to wander about. He had never done any barm or anyigood to any one, and on the whole the ghdst story was rather tame, but the door was there, and there was a mystery about that wnlch was still unsolved through oil the years. I "last year .the owner of tho house, at my suggestion, opened the old hall for summer boarders, andjl led the van and took the room with the mysterious floor in it. "Many's the night I've sat and watched that door, and often of moonlight nights I've est in the open window, waiting to see if ths sweetness of the southern summer night would not tempt the old master to wander, but he never came forth to meet ma. "One night, though, came tho revelation of the myetory, A curtain in one of the windows of a wing, of the houBO was blowi Into a candle flame, and five minuted later fire was raging. Half an hour lator the fire was out, but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upper half, exposing the wall of the main bnilding. In tho repairs that followed this wall was partly removed, and it was shown that the mysterious door was not a door, but merely a joke oil posterity, played by the original proprietor, who had a heavy pieoB of oak put in tho wainscoating, and had carved it with hia own hands to resemble a door. The hinges and latch he had put in to oarry the trick t» the very end. That dcor, concluded the narrator, "by actual measurement was fourteen inohes thick and solider than a stone wall, so that ic was no wonder nobody could ever open it." 1 Washington Star. 