CHILI) MARRIAGE IMUUITY IX INDIA. CRYING EOR MOTHER. (From the 'Quircr.' A missionary of tho Church of jlngland Zenana Society heard fcreams issuing irom a house in Srishnager. She asked a. inan Jtanding at the door v. hat was the patter. It was ouiv a iitt !e 'bow' ktely arrived in tLe zenana, She ifiked permission to enter, and was Jed intothewomen'sapartments. In tLe dim light sheeould just discern I small heap in the corner, and plaintive moans told her it was Jomething living. She drew near Hid spoke, and a woe -begone face fcppeared, to be instamlv hidden in terror at the sight of a faircom plexioned Enulishwopian. L'v degrees the sound of a gentle roice speaking Ler own language ».nd the sight cf a scrap book, inspired curiositv and conti nence. The heap beta me more and nore animated as one picture -iter another was turned over be fore her eyes. ' WhaL made you jcream r' the lady asked. ' Thev beat me, the cLiid replied, and slie irew up her sari and disclosed IFaJes which showed th;it she had bad ample excuse. ?' Why did they beat you r' ' Clause I cried !or my mother.' And the face puckered afresh with the recollec tion °f l°st ^ove an-l c^re. And now ihat the new friend, v.hose tender Bess had dried l:er tears muot leave her, what should she do- Before going away the Englishwoman pleaded with her mother-in-law not to punish the young wife again for Hie same offence. 'It is so natu ral that a child should cry for her mother,' she urged. A smile was the »nly response. This was the young bride's honevmoon, and was not J in uncommon beginning of wedded life. The authoress, ' A.L.O.E.'' — ft missionary of the same society in the Funjaub — met with a little pupil the other day after h-T arrival iu her husband's zi'iiaca,. The child crept into her while-Laired teacher's arms, her teari:.:i lace- and heaving frame mutely appealing for svmpathy mid help. The gentle old lady held her in a loTing embrace; but ^tjor.r'er arms were needed to protect a young ' bow' from op pressive custom. It is hard to find a Lri-ht side to the picture of zenana life. Tho -weary inonotonv is seldom broken. Even domestic duties are beneath the dignity of a very high -caste wife. She smokes, she sleeps, the c-hews, she plaits Ler hair, she counts her jewels ; at last she dies, without hope or comfort. ''I shall spend all my life in this narrow room,' said one wife, bitterlv; 'then I shall die, and thev will put me in a narrow grave, and that will be the end of me.' Another, who had betrun to realise that there was a fair world outside, the. four walls of her j rison, which she could erjoy if she only were allowed, looked with liquid eves into the face of an English lady visitor and inquired, ' \\\ hv are we so different from you '? You are like the bird,' the continued, pointing to a dove which iiew past the window above her. ' You are like that bird thing toward heaven. U e are like the same bird, shut up in a cape, with its winirs clipped.' Seven years ago a little girl of nine years old was seen on the parapet of a house in Bombay. A poi iceman, noticing that she seemed inclined to throw herself down into the street, entered and found the reason why her life had become too heaw a burden to bear. Her husband, a man of 4', who had been already married four teen times, had bought her from her father for fourteen rupees a month. I!e had beaten her, aud Lad threatened to kill her if she failed to untie a knot in his hair within five davs. The case was tried, but as there was not suffi cient evidence to prove habitual cruelty, was eventually dismissed It was reported iu the press, with an indignant protest against the ' Child-Marriage Ini quity.' Imagination fills in the dark outlines of this picture -with still darker shading, and traces in the background the ghosts of 14 miserable victims. It is easy to think of the young wife, her soft, little fingers, trembling aud elumsv from fright, as she tries, on pain of death, to fulfil the task her lord and protector has set her. Perhaps the story of Bluebeard is as easy to credit. 