T1IE PRICE ' OF A SLAVE. Biul and I sat on the high banks of the ravine watching tho gophers on the other tide. \V« was mad that morning, for Alvira had told on us again—she was always doing it! We lived on a farm. Akira's our sister, and at that time she went lu the lowu jchool; I s’posethafc'i why she put on so many airs. After we’d srarul the gophers into their hole* we sst still and thought awhile At last ] <43ud, whut‘11 yon do pay her up ?” £7o?/ Bud’s kind of chicken-hearted ; he ucvei Can think of anything very bad, much It**? da it; go, to give him time, I made a cheese cf my skirt, and kept whirling ali the way along the bank to the cellar, where pa bleaches tho celery, and back ►•gain without ever falling down once. When I got back Bud^askt d— 44 What’ll you do, Justina, to pay her up I like to scare Bud, aud make him look up to mo; so I crossed my eyes and showed my let th, like we do when we tell the Iudian story to the new scholars that come to our schtol, and says, way down in ray threat— “ I’ll sell her for a slave !” ** Ob, Justy,” cried Bud, 41 how awful ! Would you ?” *• 1 would,” I answered ; and to show him how unconcerned I was 1 took a turn down the bank cf the ravine on our toboggonslido. V/e don’t have a chance to slide much ’cause pa makes a terrible fuss about that cellar door, and wo have to get flans Brands to pull it up every time beforo ho gets home from town. •• "We keep on the good side of Hans Francis by idling him dinner’s ready before we call the other men, so’s ho can go in first He likes Christie, our hired girl, aud 1 s’posc they'd get married some day, and then wc won t have any mere hiding, and 1*11 have to wash the dbhes, too. It docs seem as if everything goes wrong in this world ! After I’d slid down the ravine and walked up again, Bud said, kind cf reproachfully— *4 .lusty, there ain’t no such thing as a slave. They’re all free.” Of course I knew there wasn’t any more blank slaves, but I didn’t think Bud did, so I was kind of tat a loss what to answer, when all at once I thought of what ma said one timo about Brown’s, oversouth of us : “ Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to that man !” So I says 41 There's slave's now, just the same’s ever, air. Brown’s wife is one.’’ Bud thought awhile, aud then asked iE I supposed Mr. Brown would take Alvira. I have to laugh at Bud sometimes, he’s so inno “ OF course he wouldn't,” I answered. 14 But wc could sell her to a man who hadn’t a slave already—an awful mean-looking tnan.” Bud began to weaken at this, so t went on— 4‘ Of c..urse we couldn’t get anything for her; we'd probably have to give the man something to boot, to get him to marry her; hut I guess if you’d had to wear her chi clothes, as I have, you’d bo willing to do most anything to get rid of her. Look here,” I went on, standing up and holding put my apron; ;‘its made out; of her old skirt. How’d you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Bud “ Well, I’d want it made into pants first,” Busweied Bud, kind of hesitating. “Yes.” I said, " aud every boy that saw you would say, 4 There goes Bud Sybester with" his sister’s j'kirt on V ” 44 They wouldn’t ! ’ cried Bud, getting red in the face. 44 It’d be sewed into br« echos !” 44 They’d know it just the same, and they’d ask you if you had a hairlGom ou.” Tiiis brought Bud over to my way of think ing, hs I knew it would, for if th'-ro’s anything iu this world that makes him mad, it’s to be made fun of. We couldn’t think who wc could get to marry Alvira. aud wc went over and s;»ton tho outside gr< cnhou.se door, that slants, aud miked it over. There was no one mean enough to suit us but Ed tiickits, the man that lends to pa’s cclciy. They plant it out in tho field all summer, over rows of tiliug; and we don’t like Ed. ’cause one limu when he put the hese in one end of a row to run the water across the field wc changed the nozzle, when ho wasn’t ocking, into the moat around the cf.stlo we'd built; then we forgit about it, and the moat overflowed and flooded the field. Now if it had been Hans Francis he never would havo told; but Ed did It was nice and sunny on the greenhouse door, and we’d taken our lime to it, and said all the mean things about Ed Uickuts we could think of, wLcn all at cnet the door began to raise up. After we'd rolled o(E Ed Uickuts stuck bis hwail cut and said— “ Aw, now, you’re just joking, ain’t you ? ” Just wait till wo pay him up.! Then we went along the creek to hunt for ui/g r heads, and while we was there we come acr. rs a man walking along with his bauds bc Un 1 him. I thought as soon as I saw him that he would make a good slave owner, and 1 just asked him if he was married. lie laughed, aud wanted to know where we sprang from. Bud told him wo didn't spring at all ; wc was just hunting arouud ; and he asked him what ho was doing. Ho sobered up then and walked along with us, and said ho was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Iudian I asked him what Indian relics was, and he said they was beads and hatchets and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long timo ago ; and did we know of any mounds around here P That set me thinking : I did know uf one, and I winked to Bud to keep still; then 1 said to the proft ssor— “ What’ll you give for an Indian mound ?” lie laughed, kind of surprised, and said if it was genuine he’d give a good deal Bud seen then what I was after, and he asked— “ Mr. Profissor, are you married ?” 14Why do you want to know that?” he S* plied, laughing. Then 1 whispered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and we decided we’d better tell the professor the whole thing, and make him an idler. So we told hun if he wasn't muvried. and would marry our sister Alvira and make her a slave, we’d give him the Indian mound ami call it square. He laughed the most I ever seen anybody l.iiigh, ami asked us if wc meant it. Then he j inquired all about oul* family, and Alvira, and if she was pretty and everything. I told him ; yes, she was; and the Indian mound was a goo ■ one. ’cause I’d got some beads out of it I could show him. He then asked us right out where it was—as if we were such fools as to tell ! Bud says, ‘•Oh, no, you don’t!” aud winked. This made the professor kind of mad, and lie walked, mound u bit with his bauds iu his pockets , then he asked— 44 Where cuu I sec your sister ?” Bud told him we’d fix that, and he must swi ar he’d never tell a word of what wc said lo him, for we wouldn’t show him the Indian mound. After he’d done it we asked him to go to tho big greenhouse while wc was eating sup per that night, and we’d come down and hide him where he could see Alvira when we brought her there. I forgot that that was the night when Hans Francis smokes the greenhouses, and we did have an awTul time of it. We put the professor in a kind of crib in tho forcing-house. After anyone got in it was pretty hard to get out again ; then, too, it was very dusty. - The smoko of burning tobacco stems is all tay well when you’re used to it, but when you ain’t—well, you just can’t stand it, that’s all. And, besides, the professor didn’t know what was burning ; be thought the whole house was However be got out of that crib I can’t imagine, but just as we’d all got arranged around tho outer edge of one of the furnace pits, and Alvira was going to tell the first ghost story, like we always do nights when they smoke the greenhouse, and tho smoko was so thick you could scarcely see the crib, all to onct some one dropped out of it, hollered 44 Fire !” and ran. If there was an inch in all them 10 green houses that the professor didn’t run or fall over I’d like to know it. I think Ho upset every single tiling tlmt wasn’t nailed down bifore ho got out Hans Francis was carrying (he little sheet iron stove they burn the stems in from one house to ano'.htr, and the profussor bad to knock it endways, of course, just as pa fell into •the furnace pit. "'Well, the “burglar” gob away, so I fconrd 'em telling tho neighbours. -I’m sure I couldn’t say, ’cause Cud and I snoaked off to bed about that time. Wc didn’t see the professor again for some days, and then we found him one morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. Ho didn’t act at first as if he was glad to see us, and even when Cud told hsm wc hadn’t a thing against him he just locked at us in sur prise find said— “Well, if you are not the most impudent (Children l” I don’t think that wns very polite! After a while he came around, and askid.-.m how our: lovely sister was, and then wo fixed it. up to have him call upon pa some evening to consult, him about looks. He could come homo on' Friday evening, so’s Alvira would-be at home'* end IM fix it so that she’d come into the rcom.: I In aril ma calling mo thou, ami I had to go i: to tin-- house. After I’d gone Cud got tiiirgs mixed, and told the profcs>or to come Saturday evening indead. When Friday night came I got Alvira to fix up by te ling her I was most sure I heard pa invito one of the Briston boys ova*. I knew •dio couldn’t prove anything by pa, ’cause lie forgets awl ul bad. The professor didn’t come that night, and I couldn’t imagine why.’cause Bud had gone home with Cousin Willie, and never told me. Saturday night we was all except pa tired out, and went to bud early. I never seen such a pe rson as pa is—he’ll sit up till two in the morning and read Byron’s poems. Our house is pretty big, but what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all the week in town, and when she cam-; home Finlay night she had to sltep ou a sofa in a little recess in our pirlour. Now our house ain’t built like the houses in town ; it don’t have a front hall, so when you open the front door you slip right into the parlour, Aft« r ever}body was asleep in tho house but pa, there was a knock at the fiout door. Fa’s a dear, good man, and we just wouldn’t take anything in tho world for him, but he’s the awfule»t p rson to forget I On, ihis occasion he forgot all about Alvira. Ho brought a lamp and stt it on the parlour table, and then opened the door. Of course it was the professor—what other luck could you expect ? Fa iusirte) on his coming right in, and when he found out who he was they began to talk about books. Alvira soon woke up, and just had to lay thcro with the bright light shining in her face, and those two men sitting quite near her. They couldn’t see anything except her fuco and head, as the recess wes partly curtained off, and the eofa almost entirely hidden. But her head w;s enough; it looked awful. It’s the style now to wear your hair crimped; Alvira curls her short hair with a curling iron, but the crimp ing -she dees on big hairpins, which stick out every way and made her head look real fuuny. By this timo ma and I was up and trying to save her; we could see her through the crack of the door, her cheeks like file. She was so angry with pa that 1 just expected to ree her fly at him; and there pa sat, gently stroking his whh-kers and smiling, the very personifica tion of goodwill to man. Ma stood back in Ihe sitting-room, where the professor couldn’t see her, and made frantic motions to catch bis eye; and when nfc last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do? In stead of taking the hint and excusing himself he just stopped abruptly what he was saying, anu turning upon m.i a beaming smile asked her what she wanted. Of course ma bad to go into the parlour then and tell pa to bring his company out into the sitting-room. There was a smile around the professor’s moustache all the rest of the even ing, and he looked at me once and winked. Fa liked him very much, and be sat ami talked till 11 o’clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, ’cause I was a bright one. He*came to our bouse lots of times after that, and as soon as Alvira was through school.be married her ; but my I you never could make Alvira believe Bud and I nu.de that match; she thinks the professor fell in love with her. Just imagine a man fulling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping pins on her head I Alvira is the most deluded creature! ! We showed the professor where the Indian j mouud was : ho never ^ould have guc.-scd. ‘they dug thiough ouo side of it when they i made the celery cellar, so all he had to do was to go inside of tho cellar and dig straight out in a ccrt-iin place, and tin re was the heart of I the mound. We found our beads right on the j cellar wall, and we didn’t know it was a mound till I thought ol it. The professor dug right in with a shovel and his hinds. Tin idea ut put ting your hands in such a mess ! You’d never catch me doing it! 