Every Tommy Has His Tabby. If a cat doth meet a cat Upon a garden •wall, And if a cat doth greet a cat, Oh, why need they both squall? . Every Tommy has his Tabby Waiting on the wall. And yet ho welcomes her approach By an unearthly yawl ! And if a kitten wish to court . Upon the garden wall, Why don’t he sit and sweetly smile, And not stand up and bawl ? And lift his precious back up high, And show his teeth and ntoan, As if ’twerc colic inoro than love. The man with crow’s feet about his eyos ''-A probably has sufficient caws. . . Almost any man knows more than his father until he is forty years old. Then ho i . ; drops into the ranks of the ignorant,' and be-. )■ gins to take lessons. _ . : ’; “ I loved you once,” ho said, in a re- ‘ proacliful tone. ■' : ;. :V . “Well,” she responded, “I don’t, want the earth. Once is enough.” • , Nellie : “ What’s your favourite iiistru*. ; ment, Daisy?” Daisy: “ The mandolin.” Nellie: “ Of course you prefer-'anyiliiiijj''.'v that has a man about it.” ■ ‘ g Isaac : “ Bepecoa, led’s get married rido A ? avay quick.” - Rebacca: "What for you in such hurry, Ikev ?” Isaac : “ Der sooner vo marries der sooner ■ :.' . come dot golden wedding, ain’t it?” heb" justification. , r , "At whom are you grinning, my .pretty • “Atchoo! atehoo 1 kind sir,” she said. “ I think, sweet lass, you’re very bold.’’ “ I had to sneeze, sir—I’ve got a cold.” Teienh (after tea): “Your little wife is a brilliantly-handsomo woman. I should, think you would be jealous of her.” > Ohio Man (confidently): “To tell tho truth Simpkins, I am. I never invite any body here that any sane woman would tako ’ a fancy to.” IT 13 IN THE FUTTOE, . ' . Hunker : “ Hello; Ricketts, when is your marriage to Miss Muuu coming oil?” ■ . . ■! Ricketts: “ It has beeu indefinitely post- .A, poued.” “What’s the trouble?” “Oh, shomarried another fellow.” “'Do you tako any periodicals?” asked a young minister on his first visit to one of Iub parishioners. “Oh, no, sir,” replied the good woman. “ I never do, but I’m sorry to say that my husband takes a periodical about once in every two months. I wish you could induco him to sign the pledge.” A STor.Y is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram-shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. “Who are you t” asked the farmer, ns the apparition rose before him from behind a hush. . “ I am Auld Nick,” was the reply. “ Are you really ?” exclaimed the old re probate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. “Mon, come awa. Gift’s a shake o’ your hand; I’m married to a sister o’ yours.” VAv : Thu Uainfau_The mcm. gi'iniai -1-n3ufn.il v..is iitl uiiif;! lien*, ms r.di ns cise wlieie. Prow the roninicnccmeut or the downpour on Friday. 8th inst., until the xnin censed,.'inches were registered by Mr. Cherry. I hear that the gauge at the State nursery at Mncedon showed a much higher icgister than this, n cording a total of i:o less than 8}.ns.. of which Sjins were rcpiste ed on the Friday night." At Hiriddl's Creek, ten, there was a slightly heavier downpour than was experienced' at Gisborne, the total at that place being 4Jins. Much good will result to the district from the visitation. Bound for the West.—It is '•reported that fourLeen or fifteen young men, residents of Gisborne, intend leaving for AVcst about the middle of next month. J. A. W. lleeve proposes leaving next w on a visit to Western Australia. He expects to be away about six weeks. A.E.A.—A meeting or the local branch of the A.N.A. was held in the Me chanics’ Institute on Thursday evening. There was a large attendance of members. Air. Shortill (president.) occupied the chair. Afr. Wainwright, General Secretary, was present, bavine been requested to attend to have the position of the branch placed before him. owing to the state of collapse into which it had fallen during the past few ■ montiis. After the president and secretary (Mr. I'\ F.rady) had made Statements, Mr. 'Wainwright said lie did not see why the •branch could not be put on a sounder foot ing, as it appeared to him it was in a healthy financial position. He instanced several l ranches which had gone back, and, by the ■membeis rallying a little, they were now going along very well. It was decided to nominate fresh officers*.and.each one to do his best, to get'uew members.: The following . f ehtlcmen were rieminated r-f-l’fesideiif, Mr. I). L. Farrell; vice-president, Mr. M. Ucvitt ; treasurer, Mr. liul terwofth . !eerctary, Mr. F. W. J. Plummer; as sistant secrelarv, Mr. J. Lysaglgt; auditors, Messrs. Smith 'and Slattery ; committee. -Messrs. Davies, Sansont, Jensen, Heddenvick •and Dixon ; trustee, Air. Hedderwiek. •BaOe Clch.—A ittepliitg of the Gis ■Vorne Facing Club was held at the Telegraph ■iHotel -on Wetluesday evening last-, tiiere Veinga fair attendance of members. Air. bird was voted to the chair. The secretary • '(MrlA.'O. Davies) read a statement of re ceipts and expenditure, in connection with -the Hew Year’s Day meeting, the former . 1 eing £57 His. and the latter £55 6s (id, '’leaving a credit balance of £8 9s (id, which was considered very satisfactory, taking into 'Consideration Jthat members’ subscriptions -< nly amounted to £4 10s. This was owing to the members’ subscriptions being paid in March hist . Several mem hers spoke very .-'strongly on. the'excessive charges made by ihe local paper for advertising the pvo . igramme, the price being double that of the • tpottsman and Anstruluaian. All accounts ' in connection with the late meeting were ipassed for Dayment. The next meeting of ihe chib will be the annual one, to beheld •< n the 'first Wednesday in February. •‘Sfimous Accident.—Last ovenimg •(Friday) a serious accident happened to -Joseph Kieley. son of a respected towns >n.an, Air. John ICieley. The lad was kicked by a home, whilst playing in a paddock, and ••sm severe were the injuries sustained that he ; -was rendered unconscious, in whion condition she remained at Die time of writing. Dr. HisOy is attending him. 'Pollution- of Gisborne Cheek.— .tSiriee.the recent heavy rains the water in the local creek has presented quite an inky -at pearance, due. if is said, to tiie pollution of the stream bv drainage froin^ the sawdust at Hbiiiniills near it some distance un. For a 1, ng time past complaints in reference to 'this matter have come to hami from Hitllen gsrouk East, hut. until the present week, t lust portion of the creek meandering through. "Gisborne remained apparently pure. It is wiid that the contamination of the si ream is h viug a destructive effect upon the lish therein, and. for-this reason, and for the ad -dilional one that farmers along the meek are > SI riuusly ■ affected, the matter should he Jh-dkedlinto by the authorities. .. 'CincKMT.—The Gisborne, oriclcritors d'd not go away on Saturday last, and neither '•wire they favoured witli a visit from any of ••the neighbouring teams. A *• scratch match” was. however,'arranged, it may here tie 'n ttilionedt that the local "knights of the .-willow” liave.so far. been very successful this . 'Sei son, which is a decided reversal of their iiist rear's fortune. Last year they only wi n- four matches and made seven draws, wl ile their losses numbered ten. In 1S94-5 ti ey had better luck, for they scored 13 wins -'ai domade three draws, their losses, totalling iseven. This season they have .not lost a • match, hut have won five, am! in three other 1 instances draws resulted. On Saturday, loth inst. (to-dav) they will visit .Sunbury for the • purpose cf Irving conclusions with the-locals. TI ey will not, however, be able to out their fi.e.-t :t«uu into tin: field. The eleven who will he pitted against thmhury will be chosen fn,ni the following:—Beattie. Clinton,. Fiannagan, Hughes, Lyeli. llev. G. teunioott, -Kec.ve. Sara, Souse. Stewart, Turner, Walsh (_•!). The club is engaged to play the follow ing teams on the dates inei- tioned :—January —Itith.tSimbury, at Sudbury ; 23rd, liomsey, lat Gisborne; 3Uth. Jlacedon. at AJaccdon. ' l'\ brnary—tith, Woadtnd, at Woodend ; 13th, -Milton,-pit Gisborne; 2Utii, vacant-; 27th, ;. ;-Ki msev. at Komsey. .March—8th, Sunhiirv, ' at Gisborne ; loth, vacant; 20tii, -MateJon, at Macedon. Death of ah (Old Identitv,—Mr. .• Sager, one of the oldest residents of Gisborne, died at seven o’clock oa Thursday evening at his residence, the Telegraph Hotel, at the -are of 70 years. He was a wheelwright ill Gisborne in the early days, hut was succeeded ■ some years ago by Messrs. Gardiner Hros. The deceased had been in indifferent health •riming the past twelve months or so. ■Still, the % was able to move about •the town until perhaps a fortnight -nao. ■ Dr. Daly attended him. As far as can be learned.*his death was due to a ■general -breaking up of the system. Mr. Super took a great interest in the Gisborne Mechanics’ Institute,, and devoted a good •^eul of linio and attention, to it.;■;•He also ■delighted in the progress made, liy the trees 'which line the streets of the town, and which l.uw add-so greatly to the beauty of the in ice Iii this connection it may be raen 'tioned that the late .Mr. Hnssey anil Dr. •llirby, of ixynetoa, as councillors, originated >ttie idea of plantiug trees along 6he sides of -theiToeal streets. That was 30 years ago, and ■sinie then the council has followed up the idea,-with-gratifying success. Potatoes .—There was recently on view at Messrs. Grady Bros.’ shop one of the .fimst samples of potatoes seen in Gisborne for some time past. The tubers were of the Etuly Vermont, variety, and were produced — Messrs. Brady Bros.’ farm at BuTlenga Bullkngarook Items.—Earners out lullengarook East way declare the season o have been one of. the driest, if not the ritst, in their recollections, and lo them the cc n't. rains were highly acceptable, home f the •crops in the locality are very good, ud others, us may be supposed, are inferior. In the whole, however, it is believed that he district’s output will exceed that of last ear. Bnllengarook East appears to be what iav be described as a frosty locality. Fre nently. it is stated, there arc frosts- there -bin none arc heard of elsewhere. Only ast week, for instance, . ihcre ^were two Water Trust AubiT-—Mr. E. G. )rake is expected to visit Gisborne on the 9th inst. for the purpose of au.ut.mg the moks of the Waterworks Trust. Court.—'There was no business set [own for transaction at the Gisborne Coutt if Petty Sessions on Thursdny MAOEDON.—On Wednesday .last Alessrs I. L. Jennings and Co. of Kyneton, in truded .by Alra. Jns. Nicholls,. junr.. lit-!*! an ' auction sale -or bnnsc !m!.l furniture nml ••'feclsut the State >Jur s-cry Hotel. Thu attendance was fair, but for some of the lines offered thu bidding was■ not too brisk. UrPEIl MACEDOEb-—Our tra velling representative writes I paid i mv first visit to Macedon and Upper Mtu-edon this week, and was astonished at tlie pieturesqueuess of both townships and their .-environs. Upper Macedon is simply crowded with visitors from the •metropolis-and elsewhere, and Sir. Cog ger and his two sons, as a consequence, are kept busy in conveying passengers to and from f lies Macedon railway station. The excellent hoarding houses to lie met with iu tho -district, though commodious and fitted Tip with every • convenience, have their accommodation ! taxed-.to the utmost by the influx of visitors, and under the circumstances the popularity of the place as a summer resort is not to he wondered at. Tor, besides its natural beauties, which I shall not attempt to-describe, its loveliness is heightened; by rich gardens, fruitful orchards, pretty residence? and snug homesteads. The whole place would seem now to be at its best, arid, when a delightful climate is added to such surroundings the attraction offered to outsiders in the summer can well be understood.—I visited some of the .brcli'itdsyfountrtliem well cultivated and cured for, and promising to repay their owners for tlie.attcntum bestowed'upon them during the season. Mr. .1. M. Memory’s orchard at Upper Macedon was'otic of those which I visited, and horticulture as carried on by Llint gentleman cannot fail to excite admira tion. His apples are of a very. superior quality, and it is uot too much to say that it is questionable indeed if they could -be excelled anywhere. Another, noteworthy place is Mr. Thomas Dunn’s. This gentleman has, I suppose, about an acre and a half of raspberries,, and the plantation is certainly one of the best of the many I. have seen iu my travels. Mr. Dunn has been sending a lot of the fruit grown by him away to Bendigo, but it may interest some readers of the Star in Wondend and elsewlicre to mention that so great is the quantity of raspberries produced by Mr. Dunn that there is no need of auvbody requiring a' supply sending out of the district in order to obtain it.-—Mr. Christian’s gar den is also one. of the sights of- the place.—On Wednesday a matrimonial event took place here, the contracting parties being Mr. {Steen and Miss Campbell. After the wedding cere mony ot dance, which was largely at tended. took place in the hall. 