BARDOG. (From Our Own Correspondent.) BARDoC, August 17. Last evening a large number of the towns people assembled in the Miners' Institute to give a "send off" to Mr. W. G. Cross. who is about to assume the management of a hotel in another district. Invitations wire issued by the Progress Committee, of which body Mr. Cross was a member. At the en tertainment last evening Mr. .1. Kavanagh, Chairman of the Progress Committee. pre sided, having on his right the guest of the evening. In proposing the health of Mr. Cross, Mr Kavanagh referred to his many good qualities and of his worth both as a private citizen and as a member of the Pro gress Committee. Mr. Cross, he stated, was the first prospector of Bardoc. He had ventured out into then unknown parts, and discovered gold here, and those who came after him reaped the reward of his labors the fate of most pioneers in the world's move ments. He asked all to drink "Health and prosperity to Mr. and Mrs. Cross." Mr. Leslie spoke of the high esteem in which Mr. Cross was held by the residents. The toast was drunk with musical honors. Mr. Cross in responding said he had made many good friends here, and he hoped to be with them again before long. (Cheers.) The 'Mining Industry" was proposed by Mr. Burke, and responded to by Mr. M'Donnell. The latter gentleman said Kalgoorlie was certainly a wonderful fiehl, but if the same amount of capital were expended on other 4ields, equally sensational results might be obtained. (Cheers.) There was, perhaps, a smaller amount of money expended on mining in Bardoc than in any other field in W.A., but he knew, from a close examina tion of many mines here, that there were ex cellent properties only awaiting develop ment, and he had such confidence in the place that he would assert that the time would arrive when Bardoc as a mining camp would be known to the world (Cheers.) Mr. Lewis (Nerrin Nerrm) also responded. He was bound to say that he was fairly as tonished at the sensational prospects he had seen in many properties around Bardoc, sur passing in richness some of the most famous mines in Victoria. Mining was in a back ward 1condition here, it was true, and this was largely owing to the fact that many Rw uld-be experts had given it as their opinion that there was no water in Bardoc, and would not look for it, but he was pleased to say that in the management of the Nerrin Nerrin they had paid no heed to the doleful cry, "no water," but had gone down, with the result that they had now more water than they knew what to do with. (Loud cheers.) Dr Prendergast proposed "The Parliament of West Australia," and paid a handsome compliment to Mr Vosper. Mr Monaghan, in the absence of any Parliamentary repre sentative, responded. "The Civil Service," proposed by Mr Fenaci, was responded to by Mr Kerr. "The Progress Committee," pro posed by Mr Donnelly, was responded to by Mr Keane. " The Ladies," proposed by Mr McLellan, was responded to by Mr Bride. Songs were contributed by Messrs McLellan, Cross, Reriell, Coleman, Bridge, R. Ash worth, and Pym. The catering was done by Messrs Griffiths & Paipichal, the confec tionery being prepared with a considerable amount of artistic skill. A cantata "Under the Palms" was ren dered by the Broad Arrow choir in the Miners' Institute on Wednesday evening to a large audience. Many visitors from Broad Arrow attended. At the close of the cantata the floor was prepared for dancing, which was kept up till the "wee sma' hours ayont the twal," everyone present thoroughly en joying the entertainment. The London Daily Chronicle says :-We have been favored with a picture of an appalling invention - literally "made in Germany "-having for its object the pre vention of premature burial. The machine is well calculated to add a new terror to the graveyard. It works on the slightest move ment in the buried coffin, so that a passing van, or still more, a moving train, may by the oscillation it sets up cause the dread thing to work. And what happens is this : An iron brx springs open, a black flag flies wildly upright, a bell clangs, and the glare of .an electric lamp lightens the countryside. We can conceive nothing more trying to the nerves of the living than the consciousness that these dread engines are scattered pro miscuously over the churchyards of the land. We are not afraid of ghosts, but we frankly confess that we would not pass by a church at night if we thought that one of these terrors was nigh. 