STRAY THOUBHTS ON 'FEDERATION. (BY R. COLONNA-CLOSE.) \ Extreme prejudices and injudicious haste are the contagious and infectious disorders of individuals,, social and na- tional life. Extremes are as character-, istic of the pessimist as of the enthu j.icjuujLta tirt: uivurutuiy cue re suit of narrow mindedness and bigotry, and Injudicious haste is as a rule the outcome of immature thought. Diffi culties created by fertility of imagine-, ation are more formidable than diffi- cullies that are real. Actual dlfficul-i ties are more often, than not exagge- rated. The key to the solution o£ imaginary difficulties in the way of framing a constitution is the exerciso of a higher imagination. The key tci the solution of real difficulties to the same end is courage to meet them with sufficient Intellect to solve them. The measure of this standard of intellect i3 fertility of resources, depth of sagacity, elevation, hardihood and originality of thought, vigour and solidity of reason ing, productive facilities, with grandeur and breadth, of national views. . This measure, supplemented with character istic resolution in presence of obstacles, without fear or doubt of victory, should be as near as possible the qualification required in delegates elected to the con vention. If, in addition, each delegate) at the convention is Impressed by q deep conviction of his high responsi bility, thorough sincerity, and astute, singleness of purpose; a constitution' may result that will be the admiration and wonder of the world. It Is in times of difficulty that great men dls-f, play all their energy of character, and that the bravery of consciousness Is In evidence. Whatever is feared must be) "braved. Differences. are often produced by tliej very means taken to prevent thenij Prudence and moderation are unceas ingly necessary, but not to the verge oij pusillanimity, timidity or national trea son. The mudied water of varying counsels must be allowed to settle ami filtrate through the filter of adaptabill-J ty. Citizens whose intentions are purej but whom distrust, excitement and ex aggeration render almost as much to ha feared as conspirators, must be allowed) rope of exhaustion. The delegates must) bv the distinctive destiny of Its object, by the irresistible logic of its principles; assort to federation all pre-existing pre-, judlces and moderate any abruptness in the transition from provincialism to> nationalism. While tlie weak seeks re fuge in a feigned enthusiasm, the bold,' sees only an asylum In accomplished facts. There ore some candidates whose names it would be invidious to mention! who profess the' fertility, the suppleness, the discernment of federal genius, and who disdain to disguise their opinions under the artifices of language. Such men superstruet action upon theory. They will fearlessly expose and condemrt the anarchy of action as well as the an archy of opinion. Necessary confusion of opinions will reign In the eonven-j tion as elsewhere. It will be their duty! to reconcile them, and see that the sedfi ment finds Its natural refuge. In serv ing the cause of nationalism .they will assuredly not be unmindful of the cause) of provincialism. They will not allow, the rights and privileges of the one to overlap the rights and privileges of the other. When Providence puts its hand into the crowd there to choose and thence to draw those men whom It has pre destined to represent and conduct an! era, it imparts and assigns .them those Intellectual and discerning powers that guide them to the haven of their des- tiny. Such men have the capacity ofi statesmen in the political considera tion of federation, or dialecticians lit the deduction of their proofs, of juris J consuls in the graduation between the laws of the State and the laws of the' Commonwealth; of "reason r In the regulation of the nervousness and notoriety of excess of provincial prudence. The capacities requisite to form a constitution are a rapidity of glance, which goes straight to the depths of things, a judgment never misled by Imagination, a dialectic, ani mated, exact and cogent, an intellect fruitful of resources, prompt in expe dients, comprehensive in organisation, active and persevering in means', with a high and cultivated intellect, per fected by a varied and long experience. Tli ere is a party that advocates the end while they ignore tlie means— which leaves' those they represent to their own individual helplessness, and who preach a bastard liberalism, daz zling with words and destitute of ideas. They have given their constituents a laud tax instead of work, an incomo tax instead of bread for themselves, their wives and families, and shame lessly strut among their victims with all tlie pride of peacocks, boasting of tlie poverty and degradation they hava accomplished, and expecting their dupes to sot up their Images in the; chapel of federation, and pay to them; adoration. They have dubbed them selves, with questionable reason, "the labour party," and the labour they have hitherto represented is sand- shifting, with the wages of. bread and meat, only the deserved earnings of ai horse; the clearing of a scrub that it may grow with greater luxuriance work whose results are paid by such starvation wages that xq reach home, where greater star vation awaits them, they liava to tramp hundreds of miles penniless, footsore and weary, with all human hope crushed out of their shattered lives. Usurpers of the high and sacred title of representatives of labour, la bour of brain and labour of hand, treat ing those they have deceived as cur- rion, they coolly, calmly, and .with in credible shameiesstiess invite their con fidence once more that they may steep tlicm in a deeper leprosy of degradation; They may again delude the weak, thei thoughtless, the simple, the easily-gull ed, but retribution awaits them at the) hands of those of the democracy wlia are the natural leaders of matured and! well-digested thought. The federal pessimist is the latest discovery of federal prospectors. Ha is the pioneer of federal romance. I-Iei - Imagines effects that are dlsasti-oua with ruin by attributing something marvellous or miraculous to causes; He invents a tramcar of federal terror; and arrests it on the steep of federa tion. He launches his doubts into thd indcflnltoness of supposition, and be comes the publicist and worshipper ofi imaginary federal ghosts. He is tha Instrument of a providence of whoni he thinks himself the mover. This pud slllanimlty and priceless bid for an ecw centric notoriety, which lie alleges la the prudence of patriotism, nerves hiiri on unconsciously to an end he wishes) to avoid, and which he cannot con4 . ceive. This hurry deprives him of ma4 turing thought. The Immensity of tha future Is to him as clear arid percepti ble In each of Its evolutions as specks of crystal. The Insignificance of read soning from the present is too pronoun ced to permit him to see the futility ofi reasoning from tlie future. ' He prefers) a contingency rather than a possible) . certainty. Imagination is Ills lever) pessimism his fulcrum. He dances upon) the slack rope of provincialism without the aid of the balancing-pole of a po34 silile nationalism. His reasons resembia the globe. One-half of thom is plunged in darkness when the. other Is illumln-S ated. He passes from the reasons of the) present to the imaginations of the fu ture, and is carried beyond judgment! by the projectile force the one has giv en to the other. He desires the ques tions of debate to be solved before thejl) are presented. Ho reasons upon a ten dency, and in this way confuses public) opinion. He arrogates the right of re presenting a, colony for the purpose ofi condemning a nation. He gilds his pessimism with vaticinations of evil to captivate the thoughtless. He is hon est, sincere and conscientious, accord ing to a self- erected standard; simple, kindly, and considerate to. a fault; a very good sort of man to leaven tha doctrine of possibilities; In line a klnt? of man who must be put to bed by hl wife, if he is married, and by the ser vant, if he is not. ' . 