"A FAIR COW." Bv C. J. Pa ton. Il was pay day at " The Bluff." one t)f the largest sugar plantations 011 the Richmond River. All the hands were gathered together at t he homestead waiting tor their pay. The owner, Mr. Herviu, paid promptly ami chcerfully. ami always treated liis "omployays" (as he termed llieiui to a stiff glass of liquor on " dollars " day. One of the hands, a regular new--chum, had been 011 the pla<-c twelve months. He. anxious to Ieaiii colonial cN|»erience, had engaged for the fii-st year at. the princely remuneration of £20 per year, and the "j-un of his clover." Now, when he found himself the happy ow ner of £1.5 (the rest bad lieen <Ic<lii<-ted for dothes, tobacco. &<-.. sold by hi "omployerre " at a bare trifle above <-ost price), he felt that he was a sort of embryo millionaire, as it wen - . " Fifteen pounds <MI<1\. an" all ov a liape," said Barney to himself. " Whni, 1 ni witwas so rich iu me loife liefore. lied ad, thin, I'll just ax tlr boss how- I'll invist me money. I Iteiave there's a dale lo lie made in <->ttle, now that th" dairvin' industhry is goin" ahead so fast."' Mr. Herviu, on lieing interrogated as to the safest and most profitable way of investing such a huge sum, laughingly said, "Oh, Imy a ww. Barney, as a start towards dairying," never for a moment di-eamiug that his "omployay" would start in cattle traffic. Barney thanked his employer for his gratuitous <-ounsel, and withdrew. Oneof the neighboring " cockles" did a good thing with Barney by selling him a cow for £12, which was at least 100 per cent, too much. Bursting w ith pride. Barney lietook himself to the homestead, to relate how promptly he had followed his master's advice. *• Mj good man. you surely didn't believe that I was in earnest ?'" "Oh! vis. sir; I quite belaved yer worrd." said Bamey, with an uneasy feeling that he had I teen too precipitate altogether. " WelL Barney, a horse would suit you much better. I'll make a deal for you - if you like,"' said the boss of The Bluff. Barney respectfully refused to accept the offer. Me thought he would play a lone hand this time. He soon informed some of the neighboring cockies aud buttersplashers that he wanted a lioi-se for a good cow, that had cost him " ivirv pinnv of £12." Then Johnnie M'Faddeu offered to let Bainey take his pick out of a mob of twenty uubroten horses in one of his riverside paddocks. Barney carefully explained tliat he wanted to have " the ehoosiu" ov th haste *11 to himself." McFadden was quite agreeable. Such a plan simplified niattei-s. On the day appointed, Barney went over to t "Cur.dilituba" (McFadden's al>ode). "Civenie a quid, Barney," said one of the boundary- riders, "and I'll pick the best blanky moke in the blank lot.'" "tilt away, ye omadhaun : D'ye think Barney McDonough don't know a go«id honest l>aste when he sees him said Harney, with a most knowing air. " You'll l>e bad bad. Harney as sure as eggs is eggs." •*0|>eri his mouth and count his teeth. Barney, liefore ya buy." *• Take care that Johnnie don't tradeoff a steer 011 ta you, Barney, old flick." So the hands poked bora!: &t; the imio<-eut son of Krin. Barney was impervious to all such badinage. He had made up his mind to silence the scoffers by picking the best horse- He walked about witli one eye shut: pointed out imaginary defects by design aud real defects by accident. Final)v he '-Ink his chicc." And the hilarity of the small crowd was most pronounced. Barney's «-A/Vv was a big. raws Ivmed chestnut colt, about the ugliest and unlikeliest animal in the mob. Bill Tyler, the local wit. dubbed the colt " Barney McDoiiough's Cow" : and the name tickled the supei-fine fancy of the bystanders (who mristly sat 011 rails, by the w ay I so much that it was universally adopted. Johnny McFadden offered t<« break the colt in. Hartley was to come over in a week's time. Of course, every hand about ; the place rolled up to see Barney witch the world with noble horsemanship. One of the rouseabnuts slily stuck a good-sized ' quartz nugget under the saddle: and so ' Barney's first ride lasted for aliout ten i seconds: then he went soaring heaven- ! wants, only to come down in a tangled, dis- j heartened heap. Somelwdy suggested that ! Johnny M( Ridden was responsible for the i artfully placed pebble. Johnny drew himself up stiffly, and remarked— "If you was anything but a blank ijit you'll know that I m<tb jokes 1 lien- he paused to give a fearful emphasis to the remainder of his observation I. -'1 don't /''"»/ 1 'em. like some blank jackassi-s." j It was unanimously agreed that Johnnie : was innocent of anv knowledge <»f tin- inu». 1 get. "^eiuust break him in cutoiiviy. John uie." said Barney. So -'The Con-" was thoroughly broken 1 iu. Barney had many pleasant trips 011 him. He was the proudest man <>11 the River on Sundays, for then he rode his j moke all over the plai-e. One day it struck j him as lieing necessary that the horse should j have a name. * " I'll give th" baste a dacint name. I'll call him afther th" blissid |iathriot. Bolierl ; fmmett,"" thought Barney. Nobody save Barney ever spoke of the i horse KoIm-iI Knimett. Far and w ide he was called '- Barney M'Doiinugh's <\,w." 111 two yeiirs the horse filled out wvuderfully : but lie was ugly as of old. One Christmas some of the Biiharboiir "spurts" got ii|i a grand rai-c meeting. The prizes were remarkably liberal. The Barharhour Handicap of 411 sovs. and the Alaiden Plate of sovs. were the chief items. It struck Bill Tyler that lie txudd knock out rar« fun if he could only iiersuade Barney M'Dnnough to enter ftobert Emmett for the Barharhour Handicap and for the Maiden Plate. Barney was a bit "tanked" when the insidious proposal was made to him. and lie w illingly consented. What fun the sports had when they heard of Tyler's, successful strat-jgy ; Johnnie M'Faddeu determined to not fa a joke. He interviewed Bainev. "Is it true that you have a lwiok on the races. Barney ":" lie innocently asked. " Pwat's a book 011 races at all. at all '!" said Barney. "Why, a book for making wagers, of course." ^ "Oh I th" divd a wager I'll make. I do lie thinkin' me good money has gone already in inthiies." "Not at all. Barney, old flick. You'll scoop the hloomin' pool with that noble animal. Roliprt Knimett.'' "D'ye honistly think I've got the ghost av a show, Johnnie " My colonial oath ' You've got a soft snap, Barney." "Co 'long wid ye. Johnnie. It's only pullin' me leg, ye are." " No, I ain't, Barney. You're on velvet right enough." Race day cauie, aud Barney was resolved liefore the first race that nothing would do him but he must ride Robert Knimett ill the Miaden Plate. Six horses had ac cepted. When Barney did his prelimiliaiy canter the crowd roard again. It was funnier than the Chinese Derby at Cook town. Barney, however, didn't seem to be such a mug Oil a horse as he had Iteen. Ridiculous odds were laid against Robert Knimett, especially by the Lcsmire and Crafiou bookies. tieorge Henscn quictlv Iook a II liie inoni'v lieeoulii " What on earth are ya up ta ?" asked Bill Taylor. Why, you <1 <1 goat, Barney's moke ain't got hundred ta one show, unless the others fall several times each. You're lialmy.*' " Perhaps I Twenty to one was too milch for me. 1 couldn't help taking a few wagers 011 the orf charnce," said Henscn. Bill Taylor was too disgusted lo reply. He went aud had a ".limmy Woodstr" for satisfaction. The rai-e was a mere procession. Robert Kiiuuett took the lead at the start and rail home an easy winner hy ten lengths. None of the jocks troubled to watch Baniey M-Doiiough's moke. They fell certain he would soon shoot his liolt : and while thev cunningly waited on csu-li other. Baruey stolc a inarch 011 theni. "The race w thrown away," was the general opinion: and those who had laid against tlie winning horse wciv only too eager to gel hack their stufl'and a hit over ; and so they laid heavily against Robert Knimett for th Bai-harhour Handicap, the hig rn<-c. Bamcy sooii got glariously flooded, after his win in the Maiden Plate, Of course, the cute division thought that in- would ride his horse in the hig ra<i-. Ceorge Henscn was too smart for theiu. He ongageH a joi-key xvh" had been knocking about the district s for sometime, and hi id him i'20 lo nothing altout the race. When the horses came out for the cve.it of the day, the hookies and others were a hit surprisc<l to see a strange; jockey up. Still, they felt pretty safe. No one lielieved that "the Cow"" could gallop. After a dcverly-ridden ra«-e, the strange jockey landed him a comfortable winner. Barney and tieorge won JLTi."» in stakes, and at Hint t'l.iO in wagers. The w hole affair was a cruel take-down fur the rate ones. Here was a nag that they had seen hundreds of times. A local man had raised him. A new-<-liuiii galoot owned lum : yet that galoot had just swept the lioai-d \ By and bye the truth came 011I. It was simplicity itself. Robert Knimelt's speed had heeti discovered by accident. tieorge Hensen and Barney were oul riding one day on the North Beacli, and the former, who was mounted on a very s|>eedy hack. laughingly said to the latter— *' I'll give you a hundred yai-ds start and rax-e you to Postman's <Jap' (about a mile). Barney agreed : and tohis astonishment,- he simply lost his rival. The nags were tried several times 00 the <(uiet : and it was found that ilie uidy brute was quite a flyer, and a plucked 'nil"to hoot. (Jeorge Hensen trained Robert Knimett at his place, and it was determined to have him entered somehow for the Maiden Plate and the Barharljour Handicap. Bill Tyler made the matter of entry tor these races very easy. He and Johnnie McFadden lost aliout £30 lietw een them. Johnnie w as sore over his defeat for .-«. long time. He used to speak of the gallant ami speedy Roliert Knimett as—"a gory, ugly old <-ow wot •wasn't fit ta feed crows nu." : " No, rr said Barney, when pressed to make a racer of his horse, "" Robert Kiumett lias au unbroken riecoiil. and I intiud him fori- to kajie it. Besides, 1 promised Father ' Meunis that I'd never race again -air I won't '."" And he didn't. 