YEAR OF FALSE OHRISTS. This year will probably be put down in history as remarkable for its immense crop of spiritual healers, prophets, and messiabs. Though the prompt discredit cast upou pro- fessedly miraculous work in this country, as recently manifested in Glasgow and in Wales, has discouraged imposture here, it has been otherwise in other countries, notably France and the United States. In the latter country especially men and women who claim to possess divine power have appeared in dozens during the past few months. They have Bpruug from all classes of society, and while some have been charlatans of the blackest type, earnest workers, who really believed in their own powers and in a 4 heaven-sent mission,' have been plentiful enough to put the stamp of legitimacy on the general movement. The Biblical injunotion relative to the coming of a Messiah has been played upon by charlatans with varying success for ages. There have been many pretenders, but never such a multitude as at present. Schlatter, who gained more fol lowers than any any of his contemporaries, disappeared in the midst of his success —ran away from his fame, and has not been heard of since: — Huntsman, tho 'Modern Christ,' still leads the Angel Dancers in New Jersey; Dr. Cyrus Teed was at last accounts exerting an iron rule over the Koresbans on Estero Islaud, Florida ; Ferdinand Stutzke is yet fondly hoping that some of his unfulfilled prophecies will come to pass ; W. E. Ham mond is 4healing by the spirit aid ,' Rogers, of bogus Bible fame, seems to be merely ly ing in wait for another opportunity to lead his black followers heavenward ; and Band- ford still conducts his 4 Holy Ghost and Us Bible School ' in Ma ne. In addition to the above there have been Bedward, the Black Prophet; Mdlle. Couesdon, who olaimed to be the mouthpiece of the Angel Gabriel, and was exposed as a fraud after Zola had been hoodwinked into interviewing her ; Dr. Dervin, who sold 4 Heaven Sent Ointment;' Vignea, the Swiss peasant, who was reported to have effected some wonderful enres by the 4 laying on of hands ;' Dr. John S. Willets, who bequeathed his prophetic powers to Rodgers ; Dolores Luiz, the ' Vision Seeing Maiden of Tabasco ;' Lidu Nelson, the visionary, of Pleasant Valley, Ind. ; Bradley Newell, who converted the Prince of Wales ; Bill James, the Indiau healer, whose patients all belong to the Puyallup tribe ; George Clark, formerly of the Vermont Legislature, where he is said to have made more objections to political measures than any other ten members ; Mauley Rawson, Albert Larrabee, Paulin Delpont, the French boy prophet ; Prof. Zacks Shavno, and August Schroder. As can he seen from the fore going, neither age, religion, colour, race, nor nationality has been a bar to the aspira tions of these people. Teed, who was formerly known as the 4 Chicago Christ,' has become an absolute monarch in a small way. To his followers he is a veiled prophet, and is the master an well as the lord of his people. He owns Estero Island, in Lee county, Florida. The inhabitants are known as 4 Koreshans his mansion is named 4 Beth- Ophpah' and his consort, who, by the way, left her former husband to become queen of the colony, is known as 4 Victoria Gratia Horesh.' To be a Koreshan means degrad ing Blavery as far as the subject is concerned. Every person who joins the sect is required to sign over body and soul to the high priest, who must henceforth be regarded as the actual incarnation of Jesus Christ. Teed is supposed to be able to create or destroy at will, and the two laws of the island — wor ship of Teed as God and blind obedience to his will — are never departed from by the inhabitants. There iB no marrying iu the civilised sense of the word, and all children born into the colony are taught to believe that Teed is their father. Teed claims to be a healer, and says he can perform any of ' the Biblical miracles. The eoonoraic features cf tho island are well conducted, and a manu facturing plant and two newspapers, the 4 Flaming Sword' and tho 4 Pruning Shears,' are carried on. Teed says he is soon to asoend to heaven, and is even now said to be preparing for his trip to the 4 New Jerusa lem,' whence he will conduct the affairs of his colony at long range. Meantime his followers, man, woman and child, work in the field whether fitted for the occupation or not, and groan and hope for thS" deliverance which they are told is very near. On the other hand, the 1 Lord's Farm,' which con tains the congregation of the 4 Church of the Living God,' presents the question of an existing Messiah from an entirely different point of view. It has been subjected to any amount of newspaper and individual abuse, yet. it thrives and gradually acquires new adherents. It is situated near Woodcliffe, N.J., and iB presided over by the 4 Man Christ,' whose name has been successively Mason T. Huntsman, Huntsmen Mnason, and P. B. Mnason. The present spelling of the name, particularly the initials 4 P. B.,' is said to have a Biblical, or at least a mythological significance. This sect practises no ceremonial observances. Not oven Sunday is recognised. Every day is sup posed to be a Sabbath. The sect now owns the farm which once belonged to Herman Storms. He is now a nonentity in the sect, and has had all of hiB protestations against the doings of tho members overruled. He is very old. His family believe implicitly in ' Mnason. One of the sons is a Rutgers Col- lege graduate and a civil engineer. The colony numbers fifteen men and women. 4 Unceasing submission to God' and the ' continued casting out of the devil' are the principal tenets of the faith. At times, how ever, this becomes troublesome, inasmuch as The devil may get into the food, which must be destroyed, or into the room, from wbioh he must be driven, the driving being per formed by means of a sheet whioh the members catch and stretch across the room as they walk toward the door. This, of course, is only a new form of exorcism adapted to fit the ideas of these modern adepts. Mnason also contends that he is able to heal by the laying on of hands, but regards it as a subordinate office seldom worthy of practice. He is a man of striking appearance, of great magnetic power, and zealous in the performance of his queer religious duties, yet hy his own word he onoe belonged to a certain class of criminals operating in New York city. Alexander Bedward, the negro who blessed the waters of- Hope River in the West Indies and had thousands of followers, was onee the inmate of an insane asylum. He was also sentenced to two years in prison for using 4 highly seditious language.' He escaped, however, on a technicality, and is rapidly growing rich on the proceeds of his scheme. Being the ' Prophet of the Most High,' he olaimea to make the waters of the river healing through the efficacy of prayer. Thousands of negroes bathed in the stream. The sick, the well, the halt and the blind all fought for a place to bathe, and it is said that the general mixing up has oaused the propaga tion of muoh disease. The water, however, remained blessed only while Bedward stood by. When he went away its healing power went with him. This plan enabled him to eolleet a new fee every time he came. 