NEWS AND NOTES The rainfall at Oollie from 9 a.m. Thursday 19th inst uutil 9 a.m. Thurs day 26th inst was 27 points, since 1st August 2in. 60 points. We understand that the Rev. J. Orchard, who is temporarily iu charge of St. Paul's Church, has appointed Mr. J. Duce as his warden vice Mr. T. W. Paisley resigned. The bouse built by the late Mr. Barney Barnato in Park-lane has been purchased by Sir Edward SasBoon (heir of the late Sir Albert Sassoon, of Brighton), for tbe sum of £100,000. The largest telegraph office in the world is in the General Post-office building, London. There are over 3,000 operators, 1,000 of whom are women. The batteries are supplied by 30,000 cells. Tenders for the erection of a villa for Mr. D. North were opened at noon to- day when it was found that Mr. E. Orossley's (£425) was the lowest. The other tenderers were :— Messrs. Brittain, £432; Sullivan, £440; Hedley, £449; Ooplestone, £467 ; and Pry, £528. We learn that Messrs. Had low Bros are initiating a new departure in con nection with their bakery business by which their customers for a certain amount weekly will have the ad vantage of a free accident insurance which will entitle the holders to the sum of £50 in the event of a fatal accident or ten shillings per week for a person totally disabled through dis location or fracture of bones for a period not exceeding ten weeks. There is a popular impression that the sapphire is always a blue stone, whence, indeed, it has become a recog nised name in the shops of the jewellers. This is by no means an accurate statement, for in Ceylon the colour ranges from what is described as a soft- velvety blue to a peacock blue, in which, of course, there is a good deal of green. There is also a red sapphire, which is known as the Ceylon ruby, and which is very highly prized indeed, being as valuable as fine Burmah rubies. There are also green sapphires, yellow sapphires and white sapphires. On Wednesday afternoon last the teams chosen by Captain Woodrow and Lieutenant Moore in connection with the Bnnbnry Rifle Volunteers fired off their match on the rifle range, and a very closely contested competi tion was the result, the victory ulti mately resting with Lieutenant Moore's team by one point. Several prizes were attached to the competi tion, and were awarded as follow:— Most consecutive bulls-eyes, Private Harvey, 4; highest individual score (winning team), Corporal Hill; second : highest score (winning team), Cor poral Stokes, highest individual score (losing team), Private Martin; second highest score (losing team), Corporal Blyth. The day was fine, with a slight wind blowing across the range. When the teams commenced firing at the 500 yards a slight misty rain commenced to fall, but this soon cleared up, and the afternoon con tinued fine until the conclusion of the match. The following are the scores: 200yds 500yds Captain Woodrow 15 8 Corporal Blythe 16 22 Corporal Kean 17 13 Private Martin 18 21 Private Clifton 16 21 Private Harding 16 15 Private Arnot 13 6 Total 219. Lieutenant Moore 16 13 Sergeant Hough 12 6 Corporal Hill 17 25 Corporal Stokes 19 22 Private Harrington 16 14 Private Harvey 17 22 Private Arnot 13 6 Total 220 Messrs. T. B. Loire and Co., com mission merchants, auctioneers, &c.;, Queen- street, Perth, report under yesterday's date the following prices:— Produce—Bran, £6 per ton; bone dust, £6 10s; barley, 4s 9d per bushel; chafE £8 10s to £9 per ton ; flour, local £14 10s per ton, Adelaide and Melbourne £15, Oalifornian £13 10s; maize, 4s lOd per bushel; oats, New Zealand 3s 4d per bushel; onions, imported £11 to £13 per ton; pollard £6 10s per ton; potatoes, local £8 to £10 10s, imported £5 10s to £5 15s; seed potatoes, Early Rose and kidney £7 10s to £8 10s. Dairy Produce — Butter, local, Is 2Jd to Is 6d per lb, pats Is 7|-d to Is lOjd, imported Is 6d, pastry Is 2d; bacon, imported 9§d per lb; cheese, New Zealand loaf 9d per lb; eggs, local Is 7Jd to 2s 3d per dozen, imported Is 5d; lard, 8d per lb. Poultry—Ducks, local, best table, 9s to lis 6d per pair, imported 8s to 10s; fowls, local, best table 7s to 8s 9d, imported 6s 6d to 7s 6d, chickens 4s 6d to 5s 6d; geeBe, imported 15s to 16s; pigeons, Is 9d to 2s; turkeys, gobblers, local 20s to 25s, imported 16s to 18s, hens 10s to 12s, local lis to !£>• Fruit—Apples, Is 6d per lb; bananas, imported 12s 6d to 18s per case; (Jape gooseberries, local 5d per lb, dates 4d; citronelles, 4d to 4|d per dozen; lemons, local 7d to 9d per dozen, imported 10s to 12s per case; mandarines, imported 8s to 10s per case; oranges, local, beBt narels Is 9d to 2s per dozen, others 8d to Is 7|d, imported 8s to 10s per case; passion frait, imported 8s to 12s. Vegetables—Cabbage, best £4 10s to £7 10s per ton, other £4 to £4 10s ; carrots, local Is per dozen bunches and 7^ per cwt, imported 2s to 3s; cauliflowers, 5s to 8s 6d per dozen; lettuceB 6jd to 7d per dozen; parsnips, local Is per dozen, imported £4 10s to £5 10s per ton ; pumpkins, local bngle 12s per cwt, imported 5s ; to 78 J turnips, local, 6d to Is per do^en bnncbes and Is 6d to 2s per cwt; local swedeB, £6 per ton, im ported £4 108 to £5; green peas, 4d perjb, Kirton and Co., Pharmaceutical and Ana lytical Chemiata Stephen-street, Bunbu Messrs. Angus and Robertson con template the publication of a volume of the old bush and campfire songs of Australia, to be edited by Air. A. B. Patterson (" The Banjo "), author of "The Man from Snowy River." In this work, which may be justly called a national undertaking, the publisher* rely on the co- operation of every Australian Those having words, or even fragments of the bush and camp fire songs are requested to send them with the music or air when possible to Messrs. Angus and Robertson, 89 Castlereagh-street, Sydney, who will duly acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Gladstone requires a hat of the size 7§, exactly Lord Macaulaj's measurement. Lord Beacousfield wore a hat of 5in. The Prince of Wales's hat is of the same 6ize. Charles Dickens, the late Lord Sel bourue and Mr. John Bright wore hats of 7jf eize. The late Earl Russell wanted an eighth more. Charles Dickens's hat would have beea too small for Thackeray by balf au inch. An illustrious man of recent times who took a small hat was Dean Stanley, for whom 6J sufficed. Eor bis friend Dr. Thompson, Archbishop of York, a hat of full 8iu diameter was necessary. The London Daily Chronicle says; —We have been favoured with a pic ture of au appalling invention—liter ally " made in Germany "—having for its object the prevention of premature burial. The machine is well calcu lated to add a new terror to the grave yard. It works on the sligbtest move ment in the buried coffin, so that a passing van, or still more, a moving train, may by the oscillation it sets up cause the dread thing to work. And what happens is this: Au iron box springs open, a black flag flies wildly upright, a bell clangs, and the glare of an electric lamp lightens the country side. We can conceive nothing more trying to the. nerves of the living than the consciousness • that these dread engines are scattered promiscuously over the churchyards of the land. We are not afraid of ghosts, but we frankly confess that we would not pass by a church at night if we thought that one of these terrors was nigh. On Wednesday evening last the Banbury Municipal Council held a meeting, at which the revised valua-1 tioBs were considered and accepted with some exceptions, which were referred back to the valuators for their further consideration. A warm discussion ensued as to the power of the Council iu regard to the amend ment of the valuations, as it was pointed out by the Mayor that the Council had no power in the matter except to refer such valuations as they considered inequitable back to the valuators for their further considera tion. Thfs was deemed by no means satisfactory, as some of the Council lors argued that the valuators were practically the masters of the situa tion, and it was virtually a waste of time for them to sit there discussing the matter if they were powerless to alter it. The Mayor did not agree with this view at all, as he said that it was their duty to revise the valuations, in order to safeguard the interests of the r atepayers, and the effect of their revision had been apparent in the valuations under consideration, as owing to their being referred back many of them had been altered in conformity with the wishes of the Council. Ultimately the Council continued the consideration of the revised valuations, which, with one or two exceptions, were considered satis factory. Mr. W. Spencer, M.L.C. has in timated to us that in consequence of the lateness of the Parliamentary Session this year he has decided to withdraw from bis candidature for the Mayoralty of Bunbury. The reason which has influenced him in taking this course is the amount of work which will be entailed in connection with the new Council in consequence of the new Municipal Loan, the work in connection with which will hare about commenced at the time that Parliament is sitting thus preventing Mr. Spencer from devoting his time to each of the duties in the manner which their importance requires. This retirement leaves Mr. E. Maxted, the only candidate at present in the field although we understand that a requisition will very probably be canvassed in support of another gentle man who has been identified with . the Council for so many years as to entitle him to some extent of support in return for his past services. In any case the Mayoral election will probably be keeuly contested and the early date at Which the ratepayers have shown their interest in the matter is indicative of the keen interest with which the movement is regarded. In connection with matters municipal we must express the hope that the future Councillors will not be lost sight of in the more important appointment of Mayor. The present occupant of that high municipal position will, we hope, be a candidate for one of the vacant Councillorships and we have no doqbt as to his return at the head of the poll in that capacity, Mr. Clarke stands out prominently m regard to his public service in this town in she past, and the manner in which he piloted the Conncil through the recent troublous times has in no way tended to lessen his popularity. We hope to see a requisition started at au early date in bis favour, and feel sure that whatever Ward secured his services the electors in that portion of the town would secure one of the ablest representatives in the town. 