Miscellaneous. Mamma: "Ethel, what do you moan hy shout ing in that disgraceful fashion? Sea how. quiet Willie is." Ethel: "Of course be's quiet, that's our game. He's papa coming home late, and I'm you." The house surgeon of a bondon hospital was recently attending to the Injuries of a poor woman whore arm had been severely bitten. As he was dressing tho wound he said, "I cannot make out what sort of creature bit you. That ls too small for a horse's bite, and too large for a dog's;" "Oh, sir," replied the patient, "lt wasn't an animal; it was another lydy." .?>;,<? "DoesnM. tobacco injure your brain "Don't know, don't use lt." "What, tobacco?" . , "No, bwaln." '' Holman Hunt began his life as a clerk to an auctioneer and estate agent. One Incident of t'his tedious yet ambitious period of the artist's life never ceased to afford him amusement. The win dows in his room were made of ground glass, and as he had little to do he spent much of his time in drawing flies upon its roughened surface. A blot of ink euflleed for the body, and some deli cate pencil étroites for the wings, and at a dis tance tho deception was perfect. Day by day tho mi'mher increased, and one morning his employer came in, stopped bofore the window, and exclaim ed, "I can't make out how it is. Every day tha,t I comO'into this room there seem to be more and moro flies;" and taking out his handkerchief he attempted to brush, them away. "Mister," paid the guest, nervously. "I want tb., ask you a question. Isn't lt a fact that my: room Is haunted?" ? . "It is," said the clerk; "but I didn't suppose you would mind'it. The old man is perfectly, harmless." "Ttje old man?" "Yes. The ghost you heard is the old-fellow who built up the .buelnees. , He can't: rest easy' beoiuise lt goes on just as well aa ever lt-' didi now thdt he is gone." ? Jinks: "There is a'man who; has a number oí movemenits on loot for «laking money:" ? Dinks: "Who is he?" Jlnlti3: "I don't know--his name,: hut he's , a dancing teacher." . ?? -:-?'. Mr. Green : "Confound it, ' here conies Mi% Coddle, and she will expect mo to take notice of that precious bajby of hers, I always feel such a fool with a baby!" Wisely: "A.ot as you feel, old man, ajad pleaee both the mother and her babyl" "My friends," said the eloquent minister, "were the average man to turn and look himself squarely In tho eyes, and ask Mma-elf what he really needed meet, what would be ths first reply suggested to his mind?" "A rubbsr neck," shouted the precocious urchin In the rear of tr* room; md, in Ilia eon fuel on which followed, the goon] man Inst his place in the mauu Gcript, and began over again. Kittie: "I heard to-day you married your huß ? band to reform htm." .-Sarah: "I did." . Kittle: "Why, I didn't Know hs had any bid habite." ' ". I Saríli: "He»had one-he-wss'la« bachelor." Benevolent Old Gentlrnuii '(pointing a moral to Behool children): "Now, why do I take all the trouble to leave my home, and come over here, and speak to you thus? Can any boy bell me?" Bright Child (Innocently): "Pleas?, sir, p'raps you like to hear yourself talk." In an American city recently the enterprising ladies of a promiiKmt church advertised to give a bazaar, and announced that the lady walters would wear bio om el's. The whole town turned out, including old men and bachelors, who had not been to church elnce they were wheeled in baiby carriages. The ladies kept their word, but the "bloomers" were large red roses pinned at their belts. Wife (at breasfast): "I want to do some shop ping to-day, doar, if the woather is favorable. What to the forecast?" Husband (consulting his pa-per): "Rain, hall, thunder, and lightning." Little Roger had gone into the country for the first time, and his grandfather had taken him out to see tho colt. 'There, Hoger," ea id the old gentleman, "did you ever see such a little horse as that?" Hoger never had, and his eyes shone, but there was one drawback. "What's the matter willi him, grandpa?" he said. "He hasn't any rockers." 