A GREAT WRONG; OR, TILE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GIR;ANGE. CI?r Pl'Et I.--(Cc.ýu?u.) "As the queen wills.' At the same moment a footman entered with the morning mail, which he placed be. side the baronet's plater. "Are there en) letters for me today, Sir Geoffrey I" Mi.s Treretbon demanded, with marked emp!osis. "If so, I hope yon will let me have them ? It is tsther dangerous work, I should ray, for even a guardian to tamper with his ward's letteirs " Sir .Geoffrey arched his brows in well bred surprise. "It is indeed, my dear," he answered. " Surely you do not menu to insinuate that I would tamper with my wanl's letters? As suredly you shalt have your letters, Miss Trevethon. HIere they arce ' Lenore receive I them- two or three from London, one fInr Fern Hill, the seat of her chaperon, Lady llab,tnd,, anoi anther from Scotland, rearing the Piednmnt piomark. She .ave a stait, and her face flushed hot with shame, Here was i:-r letter at last, and she had aecased her xuartian of irtercepting it. She nto. ot open wren trembling fngess, and ran over its contents. A brief, hbut exceedingly courteons epistle, Ambrose Gerhart acknowledged the receipt of her lelter,and wo lid take great pleasure inassistingher, He thought, nay, he was sure, that he hell the key to the mystery of which her letter sp.hke. He had lived in the ncighborhood of Ilack Hollow Grange all his life, and he had diiovered many things re lative to that wienl mansion, of which he had hitherto deeme I it unwise to speak. Eren now, he feared to trust what he knew, upon paper. It wootl be wiser and safer to all cuncerned for Miss Trevethon to make a secoml visit to the Haunted Manor. He would be at her serrice at any time, on any day she chose to mention. If she saw it to come on Wednesday, the fourteenth, or any day following, until the close of the week, he would be there in waiting, and on any one of these days Miss Trerethon would find a carriage at Piedmont to convey her to the Grange. His mother's cottage was near at hand, too, where she would receire every attention. In conclusion, Ambrose Gerhart subscribed himself her humble and devoted servant, and begged, if Miss Trerethon pro posed coming, she would do so without de lay. as in a few days important matteas would compel him to leave for London. Lenore's heart heat with excitement, as she read and re-read this letter. It was a daring step for a ycong girl to make such a journey alone; but as we have already hinted, with all her beauty and her gentle breeding, Mies Trevetbon was something of a madcap. Almost instantly she decided to go. She arose, and placed the letter in her pocket. " If yon will do me the kindness, Sir Geof. frey, I would like the pony carriage ordered round at once." Sir Geoffrey bowed profoundly as he rang the bell. "The pony carriage,James,for Miss Treve. thon," he commanded; then turning to his ward, "Lenore, my dear, you are surely not leaving Lyndith Hall ? It is all a jest to worry me. " I am leaving Lyndith Hall, Sir Geoffrey, as I told you I should I I may return again to claim my few effects, or Imay order them sent to me. In any lease, Sir Geoffrey, I re. peat it, our relations are ended for ever, and I bid you good-morning." She swept out of the breakfut-room with a regal bow. "As the queen wills," murmured the baro. net, bowing in his turn; baut as the door closed upon hie imperious wardhe broke into a chuckling laugh. "What a little fool she is," he chuckled: "like all other women I How readily she swallowed the bait I She fancies she has esa caped me I Well, well I we shall see. As the queen wills I Ha, ha l" "Send Clotilde," commanded Bliss Treve. thon, as she entered her dressing-room, and in two minutes Clotilde came, her face doubly aged and wearing the hue of death. "Poor Clotilde, how ill and wretched yonu look," cried her mistress. "I am sorry I was so harsh to you yesterday. I have the letter I expected, and I beg your pardon if I accused you wrongfully. There, we are friends again, and I want you to dress me at once. I am going on a journey." "o'Miss Trevethon, do not go I" implored Clotilde. " Oh, dear, I must, so do not fret, Clotilde. Dress me quickly; that's a good soul. It1 wear my brown mohair and my sable cloak, for the air is keen this morning," "Miss Lenore. do not leave Lyndith Hall," continued Clotilde, her eyes piteous in their imploring agony ; "or if you do go, let it be to Fern Hill. Don't-" The young lady's scornfl laugh inter' rupted her. "To Fern Hill-to LadyHalstead's. Thank you, no I One season of her chaperonage was nfflcient. I want to be free, Clotilde not Lady Halstead's prisoner. There, there -not another word I Dress me quickly, and don't cry. I must catch the train, for I am going to Scotland, Clotilde." The woman uttered a gasping cry and fell on her knees at Lenore's feet. "Oh, Mies Lenore, I entreat you not tc go," ate cried, wringing her hande. "Take my advice, and go to Fern Hill," Miss Trevethon turned from her impati. ently. " I must dress myself, I see, since you are not obliging enough to assist me. If you were not looking so wretchedly ill, Clotilde, I should scold you soundly. Have I not said that I will not go to Fern Hill. But cease weeping, you poor, silly soul. I am not lear. ing yon for good. You shall take care of all my treasures antil I return, and perhaps by that time you will have changed your mind, and will cheerfully go with me ?" But Clotildeshook her head in despairing silence. "My bat now, and my sables, and an extra shawl," continued her mistress. "There, I am all ready, and I hear the carriage coming up the drive." And with a nod and asmile theyounglady passed out of the room and wentdown to the waiting carriage. "If 1 had dared to tell her I Ah, Heavenl if I could have saved her- my poor, pretty Miss Lenore !" gsped Clotilde, pressing her ghastly face against the glass and watching the carriage as it rolled away. CHAPTER X. BETRLAMD IhTO Tre TRAP, "Perhaps I am taking a very rash step," mused Miss Trevethon, looking from the car window at the distant Highland peaks white with snow. "This a wild journey for a girl like me to make all alone. And what a dis mal afternoon it is I We'll have the snow thick abshoot us in another hour; and I hare heard that these Highland storms are furious, hut I must go on,inspite of wind or weather. for I am determined to fathom that awful mystery. As the afternoon waned, and the winter storm gathered and darkened, the lovely face anl brilliant eyes lost something of their w-nted vivacity. She shivered and drew her sables close, straining her eyes to catch a glimpse of the billsbeyond which the Haunted Manor lay. "' I hope that promised carriage will meet me at Piedmont," she thought. "This is certainly a dreadful evening for a journey. I am almost sorry now that I came. Surely Ambrose Gerhart will not fail me ReIcal linr his face, and the service he did me that night, how can I doubt him 1 And he ayp he holls the key to the mystery I Shall h be able to lift the cloud of disgrace from my poor mother's name ? If so, I shall regret nothing Sthat it eoste me." Her cheeks bloomed with excitement, her eyes filled with tears, and her heart gave a rejoicing bound, as the train came to a sud den halt and the shrill voice of the condoc tor was heard shouting: "Piedmont Staaton I" She arose, gathered up her wraps, and pasred out to the platform. The snow was falling rapidly, and the wintry dark. ness had already set in; but before Lenore had time to look about her, a lad touched herarm. "Please, m'am, are you Miss Treve. then I" "I am M;ss Trvethon." "Then come this way, please. Yonder's the carrinage, and MIr. Gerhart's waiting." Lenore followed him without an inquiry or a doubt. About twenty yards distant stood a closed carriage, with a pair o[ stout grays, and as the young lady drew near, I G(reat Pritisn there were in 18953 no lh.s thlan 150 trade onions, with a member ship numbering 1,332,104. man enveloped in a huge cloak suddenly appeared and threw open the door of the vehicle. "Let me assist you, Miss Trevethon. We are having wild weather to- night," be said, hurriedly, as he grasped her arm. And before she could utter a worl in an. Iwer-alm:ost before she knew what was occurring, LGn're round berselr In the car. riage, and the door closed upon her with a sharp snap. " One minute, if you please, Mr. Gerhart," she cried, seizing the knob of tile door and trying to open it. But the door was lo?tdlI "All right, Miss Trevethan I" a mocking oicl answered, and in another breath the horses dashed off at full speed. "Great heavens I what does this mean ?" the girl exclaimed, her checks white with terror, as she fell back upon the cush. ions. But in the next instant her fearless spirit rallied, nod she boundred to her feet. " Driver, stop thle horses this initant. I command you," she cried, shaking vigorously at the carriage door. Only the wild wail of the windi, and the rear of the gathering storm answered her, and through the pitchy night, which had fallen suddenly, the carriage rattled on at a reckless pace. She called again and again, and beat against the panels, till her delicate hands were bruised, but all to no purpose. The carriage did notstop,and only the winds and a burst of exultant laughter answered her. She sat down in the chill darkness, the snow beating ferccly against the thick glass of the carriage window; a rt down, calm and silent, but with a dreadful prescntiment creeping over her. What could it mean I Into whose hands had she fallen? Not for an instant did shbe believe that Ambrose Gerhart, stranger though he might be, would take such a ter rible advantage of the trust she had reposed in him. But who was her driver, and where was she going f She saw now, as she had not seen before, how rash and foolish she had been, to place herself in such a position, and her proud heart thrilled tumultuously, as she realised her peril. On went the flying horses through the storm, which seemed to gather strength and fury with every succeeding minute, till the girl felt as if she must go mad in her terror and suspense. So deep was the winter dark. ness, so weird and wild the howlings of the storm, so mad the speed of the horses, that as she tore along Lenore began to fancy that she had fallen into the power of some terri ble supernatural Thing, which was hurrying her on to swift and sure destruction, She had dared to pry into the secrets of the Haunted Manor, and this was her punish. ment. In the midst of these wild fanuies, the car. riage came to a sudden halt. In a twinkling the door was thrown open, and the figure of the cloaked man confronted her. " Here we are, Miss Trevethon, at our journey's end. Give me your band, please.' The girl drew back, shuddering with terror, Something in her voice of this unknown man curdled the very blood in her veins. " Who are you, sir 1" she demanded, " and why have you brought me here 1" "To solve the history of the Haunted Manor," replied the same voice. And in another Instant, Lenore was seized upon bodily, and lifted to the ground. The darkness was imp:aetrable; the snow beat fiercely in her face, and the violent wind shook her like a reed. But she tore herself free of the man's grasp, all the blood in her veins tinkling with in dignant anger. "Touch me again, at your peril," she panted. "Whoever you are, you shall suffer for this night's work." The man's only answer was a laugh-a taunting, mocking, exultant laugh. Then, while the bewildered girl stood straining her eyes in the vain effort to pierce the deep darkness, he took a whistle from his breast and blew it shrilly. In the space of a minute, another whistle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm, answered from some point above. "All right ; our friends are waiting to welcome us. Miss Trevethon, will you come I" Lenore struggled to escape from him. "No, I will not go," she answered. " Then I must carry you, that's all." In a twinkling, the huge cloak enveloped her like a pall, and she was caught up and borne away at a rapid pace. She strove to free herself, but the arms of her captor held her like iron. She shrieked aloud for help, but the heavy garmentstifled her voice, and, in her impotent anger and terror, she remembered, with a pang, that, in the hurry of her departure, she had uninten. tionally left her little jewelled dagger on her dressing-table at Lyndith Hall. Little use it would have been, however, for she was utterly powerless in her unknown captor's hands. He bore her on, as if she were an infant, up a flight of snow-covered steps, ender an arched entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath his heavy and rapid tread. Poor Lenore was breathless, and almost senseless, and again the foolish fancy pos-. sessed her that some awful demoniac being had her in his power. She had heard the re. sounding echoes of the flagstones, and knew, by the lull of the winds, that she was being borne into some sort of habitation, hut the heavy cloak which enveloped her head shut her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and another, and then the man, who held her in his vice-like arms, set her on her feet and removed the cloak which had enveloped her. "Now, Miss Trevethon, here we are all right. That was an uncommonly neat job, bringing you here so nicely, it was, by Jove I" For an instant, the girl reeled giddily, but in the next her indomitable spirit rallied. She was in a lighted apartment, but several seconds elapsed before she was able to dia. tinguish one object from another. When she did see, the first object that met her affrighted eyes was her guardian's face. He bowed to her with mocking courtesy. "Lenore, my dear, I amt glad to welcome you. We scarcely dared hope for yoorcom. ing this wild night, but here you are, Rich. meond, my'son, draw up a chair for Miss Trevethon." The girl turned, and looked at the man who had brought her thither, and a low cry escaped her lips. She beheld Sir Geoffrey's son I", His dark eyes flashed with brutal triumph at the sight of her terrifiedamazement, and hebunrst into a peal of uproarious laughter. "Didn't know me, did you, Miss Tereve thon?"he questioned, mockingly. "Ah, I deceived you very cleverly." Lenore stood silent an instant, and then her blue eyes began to darken and gleam. "Richmond Trevethon l" she cried, her bosom heaving with the tumult of her impe. rious anger, "have you dared-" "Of counrse I have, my dear, he inter rupted, " dared to make myself your pro tector. Naturally enough, too, I take it. When a man sees his betrothed wife running wild over the country, it is natural he should follow and take care of her. And,by the way, Cos," he added, with a diabolical laugh, "you haren't that neat little dagger on hand to-night, have you l" She turned from him in wordless scorn, " Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," she said, ad dressing the smiling baronet, "perhaps you will give me a plain answer i What is the meaning of this ? Where am I?" " MIy dear child. do you not know 7 fun are at the Haunted Manor, of course. You wished to come here, I believe." A thrill of unutterable horror shook the girl from head to foot,and she glanced about her with distended eyes. The apart'-ent was large, and must, 0t some time,bave been used as a library, for the dusty shelves still cont;ained a few volumes, and there were some tattered hangings and other articles of furniture faded with age. "The Iaunted Manor" she repeated, in a hasky whisper. "This is the Haunted Manor, my dear." bowed tne baronet. " You seem so anzlous to investigate its mysteries, and lam always so willing to indulge you. As the queen wills, you know I" Her glorious eyes began to flash again, and the rich color leaped to her cheeks. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,"she cried, the full truth of her situation flashing upon her, \- you did intercept my letters, then I' "I did, indeed, my dear," replied her guar. lian. "Ii always make it a point never to force a woman when I can deceive her; and you have been very neatly deceived, as you must confess I You did not think for a minute thatlI would rsuffryou to be meerting all sorts of low-bred men ; Ambrose Gerhart, for instance ? Of eursee, as your guarlian, I could not." "Why am I here ? Why was I made a prisoner and brought to this place I" Levnore demanded. The baronet's son made answer with a Fifty years ago there were in India only h1 native ordained pastors. There are now ahbout 1000. .nocktng laugh. " iMy dear, your question brings as to the point," replied Sir Geoffrey. " We are here to celebrate your marriage with my son." Lenore's heart grew faint within her, as she stood in the dusty old room, with the merciless faces of her two mortal enemies looking down upon her; but her regal self. possession did not fail, or her flashing eyes falter. She made no answer, and her guar. dian went on. "Ages ago it was a customs with the Trevethons to celebrate their marriages at this old place, an I the idea struck 'me that you might fancy reviving the ancient cus tom If I remember rightly, your great. gralnfather was married in this very room; and his bride, we are told, was the loveliegt Indy on which the English sun had ever shone. But I'll water she was not one whit lovelier than yoursell." Utter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went on : "I was sure it would please you, revering all the old customs of your race as you do, to celebrate your nuptials at the flaunted Manor, and here we are. Richmond, throw open the door, and give Miss Trevethun your arm." The young man opened a door to his left, disclosing to the amazed girl an adjoining apartment which seemed in the dim light to be hung with funereal drapery. In the centre of this room stood a table. and before it a dark-robed clergyman, with an opaen prayer. book in his hand ; and just behindl him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill AS relief, as Clotilde. "Come, my dearest," said Richmond, at. tempting to take her hand, "sulbmit grace. fully to the inevitable, and let the ceremony proceed at once." She wrenched herself away from him, her eyes flashing lightning. "Do not come near me, I command yon," she cried. "Touch me at your p..ril." The young man laughed insolently. "Ah, my little tigress, you would show your claws, eh I Blt even a tigress may be tamed. Come quietly now; you must sub. mit to the tying of the oknot," bMiss Trevethon turned her indignant glance upon the baronet. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," she said, her voice cool and silvery, " if you have decoyed me here for the purpose of frighlening me into a marriage with your son, rest assured you have had your trouble for nothing. As I told you in the beginning, I tell you noew, I will not marry him. I will die here where I stand rather than speak the words that will make me his wife. "And you, sir," she added, clenching her white hand and setting her teeth, "only let me regain my freedom, and you shall pay dearly for all this." The baronet laughed softly. "Regain your freedom, my dear," he re. ieated. "My dear Lenore, you are not at all likely to be free for some time to come unless you pay the required price for your liberty. Listen to me, Iiss Trevethon. We have no time for theatricals. The night is passing away, and we must get out of this Ild ghost- trap and be on our road to Paris before the day dawns. So listen to reasn now, like a sensible girl. As I told you be. fore, it is not likely that that I shall relin. quish the hopes of a lifetime, and see my son ,:uat off from his rightful inheritance, all be. cause of an idle whim on your part. You ire Richmond's wife as it is. You were married to him, at your father's wish, in your childhood, and you are commanded by yout father's last will to hold that marriage ea. ered." She laughed in his very face, in superb and oearless scorn, "Irepudiate that silly ceremony of my routh," she exclaimed ; "and you will find t a little difficult to force me to submit tc :our wishes." The baronet's smiling face had changed In ,fearful manner. It was livid with sup. ressed passion, and his eyes glared like thust ,f a wild beast. "-We'll see 1" he answered, in a low, hreatening voice. "That clergyman there, and the woman who is to act as witness, art ;,oth mine, sworn to my service. You marry ny son and to-morrow's dawn will see you o your way to Rome, and to-morrow's papers rill announce the alliance." "But if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey bhat then 7" interrupted her fearless voice. "What then f Listen, Miss Trevethon end you shall hear. If you refuse, the cere. uony will proceed all the same, and the wit less will sign the certificate. The sole dif. "erence, Miss Trevethon, will be this: The roman Clotilde is bound to my interest, otn, she will accompany you and Richmond to the altar, and afterwards will certify tc your sudden death in foreign lands while you, my dear ward, will be immured in the black well of this "Haunted House" whict you were so anxious to see. No suspicion will attach, added Sir Geoffrey,with one ofl his dis. bolical sneers, to the advent in a few months of Richmond Trevethon without his young wife in whose right he heirs the vast estates of the Trevethons." Lenore's courage waned, and her cheeks grew pale, despite all her natural fortitude as she realised the fiendish cunning of those in whose hands, by her rash journey,she had placed herself. She glanced towards her guardian, Sit Geoffrey's face wore an aspect of lambenl scorn and triumph combined; she turned towards Clotilde, as one woman in deadly peril will to another : the poor woman stood shaking in every limb, her hands clasped in agony, her bloodless face blanched in her utter despair ; and then Lenore's eyes lighted upon the peeudo clergyman who stood line a mocking demon, book in hand. "Now, my dear"' questioned the baronet with an amused smile, "don't you see whatl the result of my 'intrigues' is to be ?" "As you are so obstinate, your demise will be reported from Rome, and all that I hare schemed for will come to pass. As for roul I ha, ha I we shall see." lie seized her'by the arm, and drew, or dragged, her across thelroom. Then, lifting the thick, black arras that draped the wall, he ran his hand along the surface of the oaken panelling, and, lo I there was a sihar: click, and a door slid slowly aside, as if by magic, revealing a black void, which looked like the entrance to aregion of impenetrableh darkneu. TO BE CONT-IrrED. 