A SYDNEY MIRACLE. 0 INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. THE ISTEP.ESTISO CASE NR Mn THOMAS JARV S, WHO SAYS THAT A FKW WKHKR AUO HE WAS C'IUPPLKD —I'ARTIALLY L'AKALYZRD. SCPKEILLNO FLIF.M Loco- MOTOR ATAXIA, AND 11EI.IM.KSS, Docrons, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AKD EVEP.YONE SAIP HE MOST I'IK AH MA CANE WAS HOPKLESR. UITT TMV WERE MISTAKEN. To-nAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FCLY. OP LIFE AND KNEUOY, HIS CRI'TCHES II R HAS TUBOWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMU= HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND IS FACT, IN 1 , HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OCT. So much interest ha. been shown hy our readers in this marvellous usee that we liavc published the facts a^ain as tlicy appeared in the Australian Viorkman a few weeks ego:— One afternoon our representative made his way to the home ol Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-Lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year old baby, and his face declared him to be one the happiest men in Sydney. He woa up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, lie said: "You want to know all abont my case? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell yuu. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, aud I have done nothing since then. About five years sgo, next ChristmaB I met with an accident, I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt.street, Sydney, Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four vears of gradual development of the ntalady I waB forced to give up my billet at the Ulehe Island." "What were the symptoms!" "Simply indescriltalilc. The pains wore something teriiblc. They were juBt about aB much as I conld bear. Tliey were for all woi Id like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no con. trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else, 1 was inncsiantly shivering and shaking, anil could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, aud he told me ttiat my case was utteily hopeless. However, lie gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions," "Di'l you make UBeof theordei?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago 1 could not walk across the floor: in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opium and mophia pill, to ease the agony I was in, I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progreuive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar di.turbancesof gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last fori en years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opioion is not infallible.) Well, ju.t like a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by advertisement describing the cure effected in the ease of another boiler-maker in England which I read in the Aaatraliau Workman, by Dr Williams' Pink Fills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of s case which seemed to fit my own. a I determined to give the Pink PillB a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was marvellous as it was magical, I waa able to eat and sleep a. though nothing was the matter with me. It wa. the first appetite and rest I hsd for many a day. It waa incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move abont. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, snd now taking the fifth box. I can walkabout with the aid of a .tick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see these cratches here? They were m.de for ire before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them. All I want is this stiek snd I hope soon to do without it. Yon see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "lie is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had came in and taken the baby on ber knees. "Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved hi. life and made another man of him," "1 can now," continued Jarvi., " have a cold bath and all the feeling has come back in my leg.. If I keep on going th. way I am I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and yon know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at thst trade. I am better to day than I have been for an) time put durin? the past five yea's. I araribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the m.ntlep'ece'there i. a box of opium and mophia pills whioh the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay were they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amused at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Sncb is tbe remarkable history, and confirms what is said tin all tbe chit! news* papers of this country of the astonishing cores wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pill, for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease also the many disorders which srise fiom an impoverished state of tbe blood such as anemia, pale and sallow coplexion, muscular weakness indigettion, losi of appetite, shortness «[ breata, pain in the back, nervoo. headache, &c;, Che. jpil|s are, a. tonio, not a purgative. They are'jgennine only With the full name. Dr William.' Pink Fills for Pale People, and are sold byehemiBts and storekeepers in orally, or the Dr Willisms' Medicine Sompany, Qo sen's Place Sydney, will forward on reoeiptof stamps or poet order i>ne box for St Bi, orbalf-dosenfor 14. 9d.- 