(PUBLISHED DAILTf). EOHCCA : WEDNESDAY, JUNE 30TH, 1897. THE MURRAY RIVER.-The Murray Rivor rose on Monday night and during yesterday and at fivo o'clock la-t ovoning was 3ft 6in above unmincr level. Already manifesto turns of preparation foe tho shipping season are evident. TUB EDUOATION ACT.-At tho police court this morning tho business consisted almost entirely of dealing with another batch of parent* for neglecting to send their children to school tho requisite number of days. In two instances fines of 10i were recorded, other being mulcted in sums of 2s 6d and In. THE SHIPPING SEASON.-A lnrgo quantity of general merchandise will bo shipped to Mildura and other places down the Murray as soon as the boats can got away. Two of , Pormevran, Wright and Oo'a boats will start this week, and the Hero will be among the first few boats away, THB GROWTH off GRASS. -Reports received from every parish in this district, are to the effeot that tho growth of giuus ainco the rains have been amazing. Such mild woathor after a rainfall has not been experienced in this district for many yoare, and tho qras9 is coming on so rapidly that the farmers' hearts are growing lighter every day. THE "MUTUAL" ENTERTAINMENT Tho forthcoming concert and entertainment under the auspices of tho Presbyterian Literary and Mutual Improvement Association, which is to bu given on Wednesday evening, 7th of July, promises to be a great bucocsr. An exoellont programme has been prepared, which lnoludos tho play, " Written in Sand." THE BOROUGH WEIGHBRIDGE.-At Monday night's council mortmg Crs R. F. Scott, Boothinan and Moore were appointod a com mittee to ascertain, as far as possible, if the borough woighbridgo's adjustment was correct. Yesterday morning two and a half tons wero weighed on tho station woighbi-idge and then on tho borough weighbridge, tho difference being ton pounds. By comparison with a privato aoale tho borough soalo was corroct up to a ton. Howovor it was decided to ask tho Government adjuster to examine and ascertain if the woighbridge U correct- a vory practical and euro way out of the diffi culty. Thb COGILL COMPANY.-This evening the well-known Cogill Company of variety artists will appear in tho Tompornnco Hall. Though tho Oogills have frequently visited Eohuca it is doubtful If thoy ovor hid together such a strong combination as constitutes the present company. Eioh peiformor has been selected as an artist in hia own opeoial lino and the result should bo a splendid evening's ontortainment. As a minstrel entertainer Mr Harry Cogill is-still to-day ono of tho leading lights, and those who are fond of a light- hearted evening's onjoyment should obtain an early seat to-night. The names of the artists appearing in tho bills aro o guaran tee that tho performance this ovoning will be a vory pleasing one. Wo understood that Mr Coghill will introduce a now line of minstrel businos3, with somo very pleasing and novel olfeots. Tho generality of puoplo on joy a really olover minstrel and varieiy entertain ment, and that Mr Cogill will furnish ono to-night goos without aaying. An opportunity will also bo afforded tho publio of hearing Bonio good vocalism and somo of tho best dancing thoy havo yot aeon. Tho prices aro popular and tliore should bo a crowded liouso, : BIFLE SnooTiNa.-This nftornoon will bo J Ihb last opportunity for members of tho local 1 rifle club to complete their musketry courses j and qualify themselves no effioient, Ciplain Wilson particularly desires all who have not completed tho coureo to nttond. CiNDnnBLLA Danob.- TIio committee of the Cinderella Dance, Messrs Campbell, Moore, Thomson, Percy, and Lomax, are to be congratulated on the aucoeaa of list even ing. The social was holdyin tho Temperance Hall, and aomo 25 couples attended. The mnele was splendid, and the arrangements all that oonld be desired. The ladies conducted the oatering, and the snppor table was replete with dainties. /Dancing was enjoyably indulged In till about one o'olock this morning. GREEN TEA AND Piaoue.-Can green tea, imported from India, be a means of introduc ing the infection of plague 1 The authorities in tho CaucasKs appear to think that It may, and have put in not ion cortnln rather stringent measures to prevent tho possibility of sucli an event. The Importation of green tea is to be stopped at onoo, and art trucks which have carried it are to bo disinfected. Ghosts of tea already unpacked in Batoum are to be isolated and kept do by sentries ; tea «n route is to he stopped at Baku on the Caspian, and thero quarantined in the same way. All porsons who have'been in contaofc with these goods are to undergo a 6 daya* observation, and on the appearance of any auspicious ayraptoraa aro to bo at once isolated. Without diBousslng the desirability of these measures, the ques tion arises why green tea is selected for special treatment apart from other merchan dise. MR W. BALL, Surgeon Dentist, MiUewa Chambers. Surgery open da^ly. 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. [APVT], Monday night, Juno 21et, oar promises will bo oponed until 10 o'olock p.m. H. E. Ising and Company, Illuminations 1 Come and see our Jubiloo Illuminations, on Monday night, June 2lat. Special Jubilee Show. H. E. Ising & Company. Federal Brass Band will play selections at onr warehouao, on Monday night next,-Juno 2lsb. Premises open until 10 o'clock p.m. H. E. Ising and Company. A BOON TO SnFFERER^,--A well-known stock dealer and storekeeper announces that, if writton to confidentially, he will reply and state tho plan he pursued by which ho was restored : to health and vigor after years of fiufferiug from . Nervoust? and Physical Weakness, Loss of Manhood, etc., the effects of . folly and early errors. He writes:-"Ihavo no scheme to extort money trom anyone whomsoever. I was viotim:sed by quacks and empirics until I lost faith in mankind; but, thank heaven, I am now well, vigorous, and Btrong, and anxious to make -this cortain means of oura known to all. Hav ing nothing to sell, I want no money/' Address -J. Kxliak,.Storekeeper, Daveyston, S«A. (Adv). . ' . ' 