A LADY'S VIEW. . SOME REMARKABLE DRESSES. BY VIOLA. Fine feathers make fine birds; and no birds were ever finer than the ones that flocked to Government House. For once, too, the faithful chronicler must pause before awarding the palm to the sex that generally rises so superior to the other in the matter of fine clothes. When kings and earls, in all the magnificence of silks and satins, brocades and velvets, come to ruffl ing it with cardinals and bishops in their robes of office, to say nothing of legions of glorious though mythological male creatures, woman may well stare aghast at this whole sale invasion of her territory. It takes an hour or so for. these, radiant mortals to feel at 'home in their .unwonted grandeur. By degrees, however, shady corners give up their ghosts in the shapes of mighty men with meagre legs clad in silken hose — every one realises that everyone eke is looking "a most awful ass," and. Alandarins and Figaros, emperors and cow boys, edge into the ballroom, gaining confidence with every step. Strange that no costume is too bizarre to upset the natural self-possession of' the endleso wives and sisters who began to despair of ever getting their menkind "up to the scratch!" Fancy dress to a woman means carte blanche to make the very best of her recognised good points. The trouble is that nine women out of ten are all too ignorant in this respect, and till the end of time skinny Cleopatras and all too stout Juliets will share the smiles created by diminutive Duchesses of Gainsborough and five feet ten shepherdesses. The wise woman, however, falls into no such error. If nature has given her a pink and white skin and mass of flaxen hair, she looks tip | some adorable heroine who lias graced! Saxon history, aud follows on lier lines and in her garments. Be she meagre in outline, what joy to feel that not a bone is visible, ' while there are maids and dames galore who I were never known to fame in low I necked dresses! And the wise women last night mustered in lull force. The hearty: "Well, I would never have known you!" may be a doubtful compliment, especially i when it is supplemented by an equally; hearty "You never looked better in your life!" but for all that it is something to feel that by some means at least for once you are treading your little measure as a beauty. Is it the reign of the bicycle that has brought about so much revelling in very cur tailed skirts? Some stolid peasants would surely have blushed to see their womenkind displaying as much ankle as tripped it un concernedly last night. No one Beemed hap pier than the Rierettes, the Alascottes, the Foll.vs, and the very well grown nnd varied dancing girl sisterhood, who realised for a V-'1? — . f few short hours how very, very .ntugh th5. - final 6 inches of pur skirt.s'really costmpr Generally speaking, short siurtff'S'iire' the! ; hall mark of well cut and dainty costumes,..' The lazy woman, who dons a mantilla, and! at the last moment snaps up a Spanish ; name, is not really so conscientious an indi-' ' vidual as the girl who sets to work to faith: . fully copy some tricky little outfit she has learned to love on a Gaiety girl, or to reve-" renee in some pet picture. It needs a really trim figure to carry off successfully such a costume as one sported in pure white by one Pierette last night. There were some remarkably good Pagliacce, mostly in . white, and among the Follys one in black, and white, brilliant with many sequins, and crowned by a smart steeple-crowned satin hat, was particularly happy in her choice of. costume. - Of course the flags of every nation on,: earth were brought largely into play — and where a flag does not exist what is there to . prevent an ingenious woman from inventing a combination in color to suit herself? Or, . failing that, why adopt a color at all?, ; There was no more effective gown m the room than one whose wearer registered her character as The Alilk White Flag. Gold re lieved the white, and cunningly lent itself to a number of charming devices. France lent its colors to a number of pretty mem bers of society. One costume, tlie skirt of which combined the white and blue in broad silk stripes, left smart red shoes and stockings to provide for the supplementary red, while a dainty fichu of muslin and little cap of the same material, set on a powdered head, must have appealed to even the most critical of Frenchmen. Galateas and Niobes were both in demand among the classically featured, nnd to a certain extent among a type that fails to come under that heading. Both characters are subject to a massive drawback — a smiling statue is as big a mis take as a cheerful Alisery, and to spend a stolid evening is the aim of no woman, be she never so conscientiously anxious to do her "character" justice. The pre-arranged sets were a perfect relief in the surging masses of colore. Very ; thoroughly were they carried out, and as each anxious lady who had the responsi bility of a given set on her shoulders got . her little party into order the brilliant . army of outsiders would close round to note the effect. The large house party at Go vernment House rose most artistically to the occasion. Lady Brassey's gown was one of the most effective in the room, suiting its wearer to perfection. The charming little heralds who ushered the vice-regal party into the ballroom created quite a small sen sation. In spite of the numbers present, dancing was a comparatively easy matter. The Shakspearian set had certainly the best of it as regards the size of the field in which its supporters were able to garner becoming costumes. Unfortunately tlie average man in doublet and hose tends to suggest tlie waxworks. In this case the suggestion, though slight, was existent, and thr ladies had the best of it in tlieir cos- ; tumes, between which and those of the modern ballroom there is hot such a gulf fixed. No set was prettier than the hunting set, for all its lack of historical foundation, and with all its element of pure Jancifuluess. The white satin skirts, caught up in habit fashion — or rather, in not-habit fashion! — on a substantial button. The. smart scarlet- Eton coats opened over white satin waist coats, surmounted by pretty little jabots in fine lace. The black velvet hats, with their plumes resting on powdered liair, were uni versally becoming. The men played their part in the set more happily than usual, the touch of nature making them tar more at home in their garments than looked the majority of masqueraders. It' was this same touch of nature that made nearly all- the wearers of kilts look as though they were treading their native heather. A fiue looking fraternity were the Scotsmen, . who mustered uncommonly strong, and, elud in their respective tartans, made mere woman marvel as to the reason modern men lost so lightly the few becoming dresses that are theirs by right. The troubles that beset those who man fully and womanfully upheld the Oriental set lay in the fact that any coloring matter that stays on is pretty sure to stay on indefi nitely; and coloring that comes off, especi ally when that color happens to he of a particularly tawny description, is calculated to make its wearers of all men most miser able. The public, however, wlio appeared witli faces neither black nor brown, were all more or less lost in admiration of this par ticular set. To the ladies who took part in it it was particularly kind ; and neither Solomon in all his glory or the Queen of Shcba herself ever looked more resplendent than did some of the folk who relied on Indian silk and 6equins to enhance their natural charms. Talking of men of darker dye, tlie few tall men who figured as Arabs struck particularly liappy notes 111 the general scheme. No costume is more becoming to tlie ordinarily well made man. — tlie thinner the better. Tlie graceful white drapery contrasting witli the swarthy skin was calculated to appeal to every lover of contrasts. Turks and Neapolitan fisher men invariably ensure a large following, and in several cases last night so thoroughly complete were these costumes in detail that their wearers looked infinitely superior to the genuine article. A Royal Divorce, 110 less than the Sign of the Cross, was very evidently largely accountable for some o£ the beat gowns worn. Meii hqdSfibtedr; ly an though Julius Knight '';;to'igjktFBv611'Fhavq " blushed for. some of the Hdicqa'.Superbi present, there were one' or two-deeidedly suc cessful in their efforts, to emulate the; heiro of the play.- The ladies- of. tlie first Napo leonic court were, for- the -most part, well -done. Very few affected.,;the..de'eidedlj:- risky Empire-bonnet;: and where this. item was carefully let 'alone the bostuine1 was' -distinctly becoming. There were many French officers in all the' glorious; array those officers wcrte woht tb doin. ''It 'is prac tically hopeless for a Woman to hope to look well in a ballroom as either a nurse .or a house maid. The gbo'd? old . army was in full force nevertheless. Policemen, too— to keep the house maids in countenance pre sumably—looked their parts , to perfection. Friars and monks were well to the fore, effectually lost to the world under cowls that absolutely disguised every one of tl.em. ' " The AVatteau set might have danced in a ;sylvan glade to the tune of a shepherd's pipes had it not been for the fact that glades are apt to be -muddy, and no local shepherd's pipe would " have been good enough to dance to. The dainty richness of their costumes was refreshing after the heavy grandeur of Bome more resplendent groups. They were ail in the palest pos sible shades, and for general effect un doubtedly bore the palm. The powdered hair that can transform a woman ' beauti fied the men in the Watteau set to! an in calculable degree. The mythological set was no easy thiiig to put before the public.. Men wax idiotic when the idea of clothing them in gar ments neither they nor any other man have seen is brought into question. Neither does the average man figure well as a Greek god — or any other variety. He means well, but he is so everlastingly conscious of his legs that mythology gets most hopelessly mixed with the manners and toues of so ciety in this year of grace, 1897. 