CHAPTER III. Soothed by bis father's singing, the child dozes, but his cough disturbs him, aud once more he cries fretfully. 44 Sybil will come tearing up directly," thinks Captaiu Bellew ; " I had better give him his mixture." h.'tstily croseing the room. There are two bottles on the chimney piece. "Mammie, mammic," whines the little child. Quickly tilling a spoonful Captain Bellew not ungeutly raises the child, vrho obediently opens his mouth and swallows the dose. His father lays him down, covers him up carefully, and almost immediately it seems the child falls asleep, and Captaiu Bellew proceeds to retire to bed himself. Is it ten minutes after, or an hour, that, with livid face and great drops of sweat upon his forehead, he is standing again before the chimney-piece, the medicine bottle and spoon in his hand 1 "ITy God, I have poisoned him 1" he whispers hoarsely. For "Laudanum" is written on the label, and distinctly now he remembers having left that bottle there him self. The laudanum he had used for neuralgia. Shaking with excitement, he crosses swiftly to the cot and turns down the coverlet. The boy is asleep—a heavy, deep sleep. But his face is like wax, and a blue sbade serins to lie about his mouth. He lifts the eyelid and looks at the glazed eve, raises the child, shakes him a little, but the heavy head falls back. " l'oor little chap, I would have cut my right bond off first/' he mutters, looking at trie child, h»B face working. - His first impulse is to run for a doctor and call up his wife. He ius hurriedly put on his clothes, and got as far as tho door, when he pauses and stands irresolute. All the doctors in London could not save him now, lie thinks. "It was an accident: I never meant it, so help me God." staring with . fearful bloodshot eyes at the little cot and dying child. Downstair.* tbe mother*.* pen flies faster and faster. The fire bums out, and the rain still dashes on the window unci the wind moans down the empty streets. She ia very white and weary, but her work is very nearly over now. And in the room above stands ber husband, with ashen face and trembling" hands washings the spoon and putting: away the laudanum, while the child in the cot lies very, very atiP. The man's face is tbe colour of ashes, his knees tremble, and be casts fearful glances towards that tiny silent form. A great horror seizes him, and yet he bends low and looks at the child, so wuxeu, so pitiful in his lust sleep: his eyes glimmer between his drooping lushes; hi* hair lies in damp locks on bis forehead. He is wartu still, and his. tiny bands are limp and nerveless. His father looks at him with heaving breast andstnring eyes. His work—his own handi work ; be had not moved hand or foot to save his son's life. He is as much a murderer as if he had slain the child with his ,own hand, and yet—"I never meant it," the unhappy man whispers over and over, with the tears of agony in his eyes. And ull the time the wife's pen flies over the paper faster and faster till the last line is completed, and then the pen is laid down and she sits looking at her work with a smile on her weary lips just us tbe clock somewhere strikes the hour of 3. Finished at last, and to-morrow she will take her story to the office, and then when she is paid, oh, what a help it will be. Aud for a space she.sits musing, planning fond, happy plans. "'I will takebaby to a really good doctor," she thinks, with a little tremulous sigh, for what would success he if he wa• not there to share it? " And then be will get quite strong, the darling. He "only wants a little care and cod-liver oil and a trip to the seaside when summer comes/* And, poor soul, she falls to dreaming of her boy lusty and strong, with spade and bucket, and the sea breezes" blowing on his checks and the ran laughing in his eyes, digging castles with the other children. Poor little baby boy! who is even now lying with' stiffening features and half-open eyes. "Yes, I will first take hiin to the best children's doctor,*' she decides, all unwitting that her child has already gone to the Great Physician Himself, the Healer of all, that i now his dazzled eyes are opened in Paradise. She is so tired, so very tired, that presently her dark eyes grow dreamy; she forgets cold and trouble, even • the boy asleep upstairs, and laying her tired head on the table falls asleep, weary and worn out, brain and body alike. The cold, murky dawn is stealing over the housetops,'and glimmering ghost-like on the great, weary city, whose pulses are throbbing into life again, and the toiling millions are just bo ginning another day. .Stephen Bellow wakes suddenly with sturtfroma sleep that had been haunted by dreams of terror and remorse; wakes to seo his wife standing beside him, a candle in her hand, the sickly light straggling with the still sicklier dawn. All his life long will he. remember her face, pinched and drawn with grief and horror. "BabyI" she gasps; "my buby is ead 1 " Oh, heavens! he remembers it all, and turns his face from her unguished eyes. He can bear her moans as sbo bends over the little j£y form and gathers it to ber bosom, con vulsively. ,t( My darling, my child, my own." And-he says no word, only clenches his hands, and sobs tearless sobs, and wishes he 'was-dead too. "Stephen,!' she erics passionately, " was hcill in the night ? Wliy did you. not cull me?" "I thought ho was asleep," he groans. 14 Sybil, my wife, try to think it is for the best. He—lie could never have lived." \- *' Go—go for tho "doctor—quick, why do you lie there?. Who said he was dead? Hurry, quick, Stephen," her voice rising nearly to a shriek. "Ho can't he dead, it is only a faint." A doctor I A doctor will tell the cause of death. The man turns livid, and stares at the mother as ebe stands with the lifeless body . of her child in her arms. Then ho is at ber feet, and his arms arc round her. Sybil, you loved me once; tavo me now." His haggard face is uplifted. "Do not get any doctor, let them think the child died in his sleep." "Why? Why?" she whispers, with stiff lips..and dry eyes,.that ever look upon the day-cold face npon her bosom. "It was an accident," he answers, very low. "l—i gave mm tlie wrong medicine. The child has been dead for hours. 3 gave hiai laudanum. Ob, wife, do not look like that." For her eyes are turned on him now with a strange, awful expression most terrible to see. ' " You, his father," falls mechanically from her lips. He bows bis bend and hides his face. "1 never meant it," he repeats, 41 he was dying when I found it out." "And you never called me," breaks from her breaking heart. "Stephen, Stephen, last night you .wished him dead, and yon have your wish uow," turning away, and luyii _ the dead child on her own bed. "Dres*. yourself and go for a doctor," shesays, iu a i hard-voice, aud mechanically he obeys, and watches her meauwhile, as apparently with-! out feeling, and no tears, she spreads clean ! sheets on the little cot, and then herself1 washes the cold, .waxen, little body, dresses it in a clean nightdress, brushes the damp, | clinging hair, and lays him down, oh, sol tenderly, and covers hiin up, and stands j gazing down with the same awful frozen look upon her face. If she would only speak, or cry, or upbraid himCaptain Fellew'a tears fall like rain. " Oh, forgive me, forgive me; ray only sin I was not calling you; but you could have done no good, Sybil"; all the doctors in London couldn't have saved him, poor little lad." No answer, only her deep eyes look back at him, with a hopeless reproach in their depths, then they turned slowly back to the contem plation of that little marble face, with the sweet ineffable smile on the lips—tho smile that only comes once, as if the spirit left a last kiss before taking flight.. Together husband and wife stand, and then mayhap some touch of pity touches the wife's heart. "Do not get the doctor; it docs not matter now," she says, in a low, smothered voice,' and then with a wail from the very depths of her desolate heart, " Ob, if I had been with him when he died, my baby, my little child." The world ia awake again ; the winter sun struggles through the fog. To the uucducated mind of Sarah, the sudden death of Mrs. Bellew's baby is a kind of pleasurable excitement. She had sobbed loudly over the little dead body, and wondered at the tearless grief of the mother, and told the milkman of the tragic occurrence, and the other lodgers, and the servant next door; and had, of her own accord, ruu to a florist's near and bought a. bunch of violets, and weeping violently, placed them ou the cold breast of the little sleeper. Mrs. Bellew had thanked her, and the sweet fragrance of the violets tilled the room and breathed of spriug and hopo and the resurrection; but no tears have come to soften the agony of her heart, the numbing, terrible sorrow that has fallen. Sarah brings her tea, which remains un tasted, and talks between her sobs of the lamb that is gone, and feels a delightful excitement at the prospect of the funeral, a , and the inquest, and is very sorry for poor Captain Bellow, who is crying downstairs fit to break bis heart. But the mother does not cry, only sits motionless; and her eyes are never off that small face, with changeless smile and half* closed eyes. Bat-tat! The postman's sharp knock rings through the house. Sho heeds it not, nor turns her head when her husband opens the door and comes in, a letter in his hand, and a look of distress on his tear-stained face. " Sybil, dear, the letter has come." No answer, but bow pinched and ashen she looks. "They have accepted your book," he goes on, in the same low, constrained voice. " My poor wife, I know you cannot care to hear it now," his eyes filling as he looks at the dead child, "but they have offered you ii'IOO down." Then she turns her face from that small one on the pillow, and her great tearless eyes arc uplifted. Is it a sob, or n long, shuddering sigh, that breaks from her lips? Too late! The success lias come too late ! And, with outstretched arras, she has fallen across the body of her child. -Death from shock, the doctor* said. Weak, heart, and shock .consequent on the death of .her child; Only her husband kue\V;that'hcr heart had bvoktfn at the lest;' • 