CO ISPIiETE STORY. [CUBLXSOEO BY SPECIAL ABBAHOIMISNT.] : Irs. fansittart's Travelling Gomiiaiiioii, : L. GALBRAITH, .; Author of a The Spin of the Coin," "Fealty 3Iiss • Allington," ".New Ghost.v . . • Stories," &u.; ' ; ' ; [COPIHIOOT.] ; ARE your seats please." • • . Tho guard paused with a respect-• fully impatient huud on the door,': whilotbe two ladies kissed. each other, and Mrs. Vansithirt stepped into her compartment, - Good "bye, May,'* she eaijl through • tho window ; don't wait any Ionzer, or you'll, b'o late for your appointment with Viola ; besides • it is so unlucky to look after a departing train."' V' "Well, if you really don t -mind, dear. • i hope you will hare a comfortable journey. vaii'ito nvprrthiiifr vou want?" Sure you've everything yoti want r " Quito sure, thanks ; good-bye." The girl waved her hand as alio turned, away, and Mrs. Vansittart nettled herself m a. corner, drew her fur rug round her,, and; turned over the pile of papers she had bought-; to beguile the tedium of'her journey. The express for the north was on tho point of depjirture. , -... v , ThebaDg.of.clo3ing doors, grew fainter ns; the porters ran up the long train. The whistle; sounded. Tho engine guve a premonitory shriek as it starred into motion. : ' iv ' .i \- A belated passenger rushing from tbe.ho6k--'-: iug-offico made a frantic attempt, to scramble into a third-class carriage, and was dragged* bade by the officials, expostulating with V. indignant vehemence. . ' % • ' v-',-;." r'l'ra so glad I got a compartment to my- - self,".Mrs7 Vansittart murmured, as she \ opeued her favourito illustrated.. * : The words wero scarcely past her lips .when a bag shot on to tho'opposite seat, ana a man swinging himself dexterously into the;;, carriage, reelosed the door just aa. tho tram glided into tho tunnel.- The rapidity o£ his j; eutranco fairly toolc Mrs. Vansittart'a breath y away. •<"-; •• v • "Where hod ho come from ? She could have ;• been positive no one was on the fore parc.of, tho plutform a second earlier. , For a moment she stared blankly at the intruder,' iiweU-. dressed man, with regular futures: and it .7. small pointed beard and'moustache. Not quite u gentleman, she decided, with quick feminine instinct, porhaps a foreigner. Thou, she became awanT that her scrutuiy was : being returned with interest, - and retired';-, behind her paper with a little "moue" of -, imuoyaucc. Tho train rushed out, of tho. tunnel, and the carriage was filled with thin, winter sunshine. ■•••> Mr?. Vansittart continued to read, bat she -.i felt herself growing restless. * She had air.-.;-* uncomfortable impression that she was being\';: watched, that her fellow-passenger ' had', moved his scat, and from tho farther corner was steadily gazing at her.'1 .. » . • . She shifted her position and spread out her v" paper, with thefixeddeterminationofremmu- ; ing serenely unconscious, but she could. nob ' concentrate her attention on tho printed page. '. . fnvoluutarily her eyes , stole towards tho; corner, always to meet those other eyes fixed unswervingly on her face.* Now Mrs. Vansittart, who- was familiarly' known to her many friends as " 3£rs. Van,"- : was tweuty-eight, and being an exceedingly -- pretty woman, was accustomed to attract a l considerable amount of casual attention, but something in her companion's gaze perplexed' and troubled her: It was uot the mere expression oE vulgar1: admiration, unrestrained by the fetters of conventional courtesy ; it was a deliberate scrutiny," The man was studyingher—trying •., to read her thoughts. She felt herself in the position of an insect impaled for observation .' by a scientific dissector. Every'-moment she- ■ grew more uneasy. la vain she looked--, through paper after paper, hoping to distract. her thoughts. She opened the novel with ... which she had providod herself, but her brum .v refused to receive the sohse /of the words she. mechanically followed with her eyes. All her. , faculties were on the alert to catch the slight- " est movement at the further end of the - carnage. For twenty minutes the tension lasted then she felt the magnetic .strain. Temovcd;* Thc man had turned away and was fumbling. in his hag. There was a rustle of paper , "Mrs. Van" glanced furtively from-, .. behind her book, lie was taking out various articles of wearing apparel, and ranging them v. < with orderly precision on tho opposite scat.-v . . Presently lie drew something from . his ; breast pocket, and deposited it behind the bag - • in tho corner. Then ne shnffled to the centre y > of the carriage, and sat still looking at her.'*-.■> "Mrs. Van's" heart begau to beat m irregular throbs. Odd little sensations crept - over her. Her pulse quickened. She felt sure somothitig was going to happen, and she "--: thought of all tho talcs she had heard of women attacked during solitary joofnoys, robbed,/;.-, t murdered even. ■ Her diamonds were in her travolhng hag, y nt least two hundred pounds' worth. Of; tho man c:»uldn t know they were.;. Ihcre, but he hud seen her purse, which had ; been lying on her lap, aud she wao wearing a .> ; jeweljod • watcli and • one • or two bangles. And there was no stoppage - before Peterborough— half an hour and five minutes. She wondered what she had better do. . Her lipS quivered. Sho became conscious of a 'wild derive to caU for help.. Then sho recollected that sho had no valid "reason for. complaint. So far the man had done nothing but look at her. She tried to • reason away her fear, but her nervousness ' only increased. She had a conviction that lib would presently speak, and that if he /spoke alio would die. A moment later she felt that unless he did speak ehe would certainly scream.- Her hands shook till the: , . lines of print wriggled up and down like animated worms. / It was impossible to keep up the pretence • of unconsciousness any longer. The necessity , for facing the danger, if danger there were, ' had become imperative. ."Mrs. Van," pulled herself together, . dropped tho novel on her lap, with a rimu • lated yawn, and glanced with well-assumed carelessness across the carriage'. / The man was smiling. He raised his hat . .with a slightly exaggerated courtesy/ ' . "Madame is tired of literature?" he said politely. His accent was that of an English man assaming the role of a foreigner—the broken English of the stage rather than that of a Frenchman speaking, in an unfamiliar tongue; • . ' • '/- Mrs. Vansittart looked out of the window, She did not wish to enter iuto. casual con versation. "Tho scenery, it is charming, is not that so?" tho stranger continued, "it would repay, how do you say ? contemplation. If niadame would kindly but turn her back and continue- to study the viow for five little . minutes, she woultl greatly oblige me." • All . sorts oi wild conjectures . hummed . through "raadame'a" brain. Could she • be shut up with a lunatic ! She was not in •the least inclined to take her eye.off this extraordinary specimen of humanity, to afford * a'possible maniac an opportunity of knocking her-on the head in an unguarded, moment. _ .. Cudgelling her brains for a suitable reply, sho ~ coloured nervoudy, and remained silent. Tho man'looked, at his watch and a slight . frown]'contracted his strongly- marked eye . brows. ; • "LoOkhere," he said, brufquely, dropping all pretence at n foreign accent,' "I've no time to spare. I don't want to hurt you; It • you do as you're told I shan't interfere with you in. any way. Put your head out of that . window and keep it there till I give you the word." . The rough authority of his tone stirred Mrs. Vahsittart's Irish blood. She came of a ."good fighting stock, which had never sub -rttea tamelv to being bullied. Her i? ness gave place to indignation. '•"What for?'' she inquired coolly, and '' looked her antagonist straight in the face. . "Because," if you will have it, I'm going, to change my clothes and I reckon yon won't"; tiara about a front seat for such an ordinary . show as that." ., j The little woman turned scarlet. In-1 stincUrcly her eyes sought the alarm bell.i and >he, perceived with a pang of genuine .dismay that it was at the otl»cr end of the .'."Oh, it's no • use you're looking at that," her' companion remarked, pushing aside his hag, and pointing to a revolver lying on the scat/. "I've toldyou I'll run straight with yoti so long as you're quiet, hut it you try to raise the crowd o!i me, I'll " ! His fingers stole towards the weapon. In • the face of real danger, "Mrs. Van's" courage reasserted itself. . She met his scowling . glunce with serene indifference. . "Don't use threats to me, please," she answered, with spirit. "Aren't you man of tho • world enough to know that to order a '■woman to do.athiug is the surest way of making' her refuse. I can't imagine what right ;you have to turn the company's .carriage into a dressing-room; but if that is .your intention, tho least you-can do is to usk Sho laid a little stress ou the .last word, and-sat up very straight. For a smalt . woman, sho could* be exceedingly dignified. For a moment the man stared at her, then he „broke into a plcasaut laugh. ">Vg11, you're a cool hand and uo mistake; most women would have crumpled up at the sight of tho.bulldog. Here goes then, for lime's money,, and more-to me just now. "Will you mind looking at tae country for a bit whilo I change. I shan't be over a minute or two." • For answer, Mrs. Vansittart thrust' her head and shoulders out of the vriudow. The swift air beat against her face as the train swept on. An odd sense of unreality took possession of her/ She. felt as though sho were watching a stage scene, in which the leading part way played by a person curiously familiar in appearance. . She wondered idly what would happen next if her travelling . companion- were really un escaped, lunatic. He Iooked pane enough, but his uctions were those of the veriest mudmnn. v Someono touched her lightly on tho . shoulder, aud a vo:co shouted in her ear, " It's all right, yon can come inside now." .•Slip turned with a. start, to find herself . confronted by a nuvvy in.dusty, travel-stahicd clothes, and heavy boots, a red-spotted handkerchief knotted loosely round his throat. Tho neat leather bag bad disappeared, only ' a workman's bass and cap lay on the seat 'beside the rovolrcr. .'• " Quirk change, e"i ? " he remarked, cheer . fully. " I-say, havo you got a glass in your? . • bag ? Hand it here, will you ? " Still lost in speculation, "Mrs. Van" obeyed. ; ' • "I innst do a shave," he remarked, meditatively. " This don't look the genuine artfclo."- " • I . He dived info the bass, and produced some toilet requisites. Propping the little mirror against tho cushions he knelt on the.floor and began operations. The train swung round a curve, and the mirror collapsed. The shaver swore softly, and Mrs. Vansittarfc good-naturedly came to the rescue. " . "Let mo hold the'glass," she volunteered. "You will get on much faster." He thanked her gratefully. " Mrs. Van " watched his quick manipulations' with interest. It struck her that in these rough clothes, freed from all'pretention towards spurious gentility, he was really a singularly handsome man. ' • . ' Sbo began to enter into the spirit of the situation, and laughingly, suggested that he looked "very clean for anawy". "I'm not complete yet," he said. "You wait a bit.". So she waited, holding the mirror, and following with childish umuaeiuent the progress of a "make-up" as faultless as even Mr. Clarkson himself could have achieved. When it was accomplished he turned to her triumphantly. , / "How's that now? Could you have picked me out for the chap who started with yon, if you'd been shown me among half a dozen others in the station-yard ? " "No, I'm sure I couldn't," she admitted, frankly. "It's a splendid disguise." . He looked pleased. . " That's alt right." He replaced his properties, tied the handles of the bag together, • and picked up his cap. ' "Imust clear out directly," he said, with something like an accent oE regret. " But we don't stop before Peterborough." " That's so, but I leave at the tunnel." . "You mean that you are going to get out while the train is running? "she said, and then added in sudden terror. "Oh, don^t; please don't, I'm sure you will be killed." Qo smiled again, that odd, pleasant smile. "No fear, but if I am, one cau only die once,.and it's a long sighfcibotter to * go out' on one's own, than to be jerked into eternity at the end of a rope." She gave a sudden recoil of horror. ' " You—yon~are "Wanted; oh, yes. ..There'll be a big reward offered for me to-morrow, I reckon. Why, you didn't think I was just playing tho fool, did you? See here, you're a plucky woman,, the bcst-plncfced one I ever came acrogE, or ever want to, and I believe you're s raight. It can't.matter to you whether I'm lagged orgctoff, and—-sohclpme God, Inever meant to do it. . The old fool would follow me. I gave him fair warning, but he wouldn't stand and I hit a bit too hard. All the same, if I'm caught I'll swing. I haven't harmed you, I don't threaten you now, but a man's life's his life. Give me forty-eight hours, and I shall get clear, off. All Scotland Yard-can't stop mo then; pat them on the scent to- day, and I'm as good as a dead man. Which is it to be? I'm in your hands. If you kec-p this joumcy dark juat ior lwo duy^->^sm-atii<w-eM- Ittyou*bre«th9' one word to any iiving soul, I'm'done for." He stood looking, down into her eyes. In his face was a contending strife of emotion?, hungering anxiety, remorse, misery, and i beneath them all, one trembling ray of hope. ! . It was as though he had staked his all, and was waiting for tho turn of the card which would make or mar him. > I Mrs. Vanhittart burst intotpars. " It's so dreadful," she sobbed, "and I'm so sorry. Why did you do it? Oh, you must getaway. I won't tell anyone, not I even my husband. I give you my word of ! honour I won't." "Thank you," he drew a long breath of relief. "They say a woman's word counts I for .nothing, but—somehow, I'd go anywhere on yours. And look here, you'll know what I mean when you see the evening papers; don't think worso of mo than need be. Before God, I never meant to do for him. Your husband's a soldier, isn't he ? I heard that girl who saw you off say, 4 Give niy love to the colonel.'. Well, he'd kill a man like a fly, and you'd think none the worso of kirn. I . did no more, and it was in self defence too." •Ho waited, ns if expecting her to speak, | hut tho train, rushed ou. In four minutes (hey would reach tho tunnel. I " Well," he said, with evident disappoint- j ment, " I suppose it was—murder,* aud you j can't get over it. You needn't cry any more. | I'm going." He pocketed the revolver and; took up the bag. Before he could reach the door, Mi's. Yansittart caught him by the arm. "Wait a moment," she-cried, snatching her purse, " you will want money. I wish I had more in gold. Notes would not bo safe, would they? But^here is seven pounds — tube it, do take it." Instinctively his hand slid out; then he thrnst it resolutely behind his back. "I'll be'hanged if I take a penny of yours," ho scud, brusquely; "put it uway. I've got enough without." " But," she pleaded. " I want to help in some way. I am sure you didn't intend to— to do that dreadful thing. I couldn't bear you to be taken and perhaps—perhaps " The air was rent by a long whiBtle. ' "-We're there," he said; " I must go. I won't touch a farthing, but—if you can bring yourself to do it—I'd liko to shake hands.". She gave him her hand unhesitatingly. "Goodbye. I shall pray that you may get uway safely and—perhaps it was too; hard for you here; but when you start the , new life, in a fresh country, you—you will j try to run straight, won't you ?" i Ah odd expression stole over his dark face. -" If it was my lHst word, I'm speaking'the truth," lie said. " I'll do my level best, and if I'm saved, body and soul, it will be i because a good woman and a lady, too, cared j whether I went to tho devil or no." ! ' Shyly and awkwardly he kissed her gloved hand. ' | Then ho opened the door and cautiously ; swung himself cn to the footboard. Mrs. Vansittnrc held her breath, her fingers clenched on the arms o! her seat, till the handle turned once again, and the face at the window vanished. ° Then she sprang up, and peered wildly through the darkness, bat there was nothing but the roar of revolving wheels and the fantastic flight of light and shadow oh the black walls of tbe: tunnel.' 41 It is an odd thing," said Colonel Van sittart, a fortnight later, "that they don't get hold of the 4 Catthorpe Grange murderer.' Here's another man set at liberty. /That is the third arrest that has come to nothing. The police seem as if they couldn't hit the scent." And they never will—now," "Hrs. Van" answered, with conviction. There was a general laugh. The < little party, gathered round Mrs. vansittart's cosy tea-table, argued the point with light hearted indifference. "The man couldn't get out of the country." " It's only a question of time. He'll bo tracked down, and banged in the long run; and he deserves it, the brute." Only the hostess remained unmoved. Be wasn't a brute," she said, "and he won't be hanged." The colonel broke into the chorus of expostulation which followed on her words. He was rather puzzled by his wife's insistent championship of this sensational criminal. 44 Well," be said good humouredly,"44 time will prove, and it is not a particularly profit able subject for discussion. My wife is very 4 cock-sure' that he'll get off, "but she has no real reason, except, indeed,-' the proverbial feminine one." 44 Mrs. Van" opened her lips as if to speak, hut the half-formed words died in a little laugh. She had a reason for the faith that was in her, bat. from a motive which she herself epuld hardly understand, she never told it, uot even to her husband. ' 