PRISON ESCAPES. WITH A FEW REMARKABLE EXAMPLES. There is no department of literature more fascinating than that which treats of prisons and prison escapes (says a writer in the London "Daily Telegraph"). Like Goodwin's, lately, most of them appear to end badly. They may he desperate ventures, like the Dartmoor affair, or the deeply planned schemes of months-nay, years -but the odds are dead against them, and fortune is seldom propitious. The Javerts are better men that the Val jeans. Society is too strong for those who break its convenants. But, never theless, the thirst for liberty rages as frightfully as over. What says Victor Hugo in his famous book about this same demon? It changes precipices into moats, iron bars into reeds, a cripple into an athlete,a gouty patient into a bird, stupidity into instinct, in stinct into intellect, and intellect into genius. It is not always possible to explain the marvels of an escape; the man who breaks prison is inspired (we (note from the Valjean chronicles); there is a flash in the mysterious light of the flight; the effort made for de liver, nce is no less surprise than the soaring towards the sublime. To be free they will even consent to be buried alive, like Blin, who was no creature of fiction. but a French convic+ femous for his escapes. It is said of him that he could penetrate arches. run along sloning roofs, fly down to the ground like a bird, lift the stone flags of his cell flooring, or scratch his way out underground with his nails alone. Rut his greatest feat, I as told by himself, was performed at t one of the bagnes, where he was buried I in a deep ditch by his comrades. The I episode was certainly not so dramatic I as Jean Valjean's entombment. Who I has not shuddered over it?' " He sad- I denly felt hands seize the. soflin, and then noticed a rumbling grating on the planks; he guessed that a rope was being fastened round the coffin in order' to let it down into the grave. After this he felt dizzy for awhile. He felt a certain amount of cold as a chill and solemn voice was raised, above him and lhe heard the Latin words, which he did not understand: 'Requiem aeternam dona el, Domine. Requiescat br pace. Amen.' Then the priests moved away, and Jean Valjean said to himself, "They are going away; I am alone; in a few minutes Fauchelevent will come and let me out." All at once he heard over his head a noise which appeared to him like a thunder chap; it was a spadeful fell, and one of the hofes by which lie breathed was stopped-a third shovelful fell, and then a fourth. Then the fugitive convict fainted. Even he, who was so strong and so desperate-just as Good\vih, fhint and famished, gave in at last. Blin, how ever, had not even a coffin to cover him but was in the midst of the earth Itself, and took his chance of suffoca tion, having got tools with hiu to re gain the surface. But the floodgates were opened, drains and watercourses were flushed, and Blin was soon up to his neck in a torrent of sewage. He escaped, however. Then came the same problem which confronted Good win, and all other prison-breaker;. The clothes problem. Bin attacked the first passer-by, and "with strange forbearance," as he puts it, robbed him only of his clothes. "I might have killed him. I never thought of it. I -branded as the most abject being, abused, disgraced, despised-I only asked him the road to Blaye." The third night. driven by 'hunger, he begged for bread at a house, when the stolen garments betrayed him. "For the thirtieth and last time I had failed." he told the chaplain of La Roquette. "Now I have no hope; this prison is too strong." This story is told in "Secrets of the Prison House." From some Blin Jack Sheppard, or Cartouche records Dumas probably got his idea for the famous escape of Monte Cristo, for truth is always much stranger than fiction. Did Faria dis ilay more preservance than the olti fellow at Parkhurst, who for a couple of years made preparations for his escape from durance vile? He had re moved some portion of the floor of his cell. and liad made an opening below through six inches of concrete and brickwork, his intention being to descend into the stokehouse and thence maJke his way to the outer wall of the prison. Underneath the cell floor were found a ladder, constructed of pieces of rope and other material, and a dummy, the shape of a man, to represent the prlsoner in bed whilst lie was busy male lig the hole. The old man-he was over GO-was employed in making can vas mailbags, and he had, by small pieces, obtained enough material to make a suit of clothes, which was found beneath the flooring with the latcier. He had so carefully carried out his plans that no trace was oh servable in the cell. Some loosened brickwork outside led to the discovery -the incident took place in this very autumn of 1896. 'Then there was the man who broke out of lentonville a short time ago. He had made a ladder of ropes, too, out of small bits of material used in the manufacture of bags and mats; which lie carried off to his cell as a bird builds her nest. His cell had been duly examined every day, but the hole which he had contrived to make was not discovered until lie had flown, for he had papered it over, whitening the pages with ]liae, using, it is pre sumed, skilly for paste. How much ingenuity is wasted upon these schemes, which generally prove so abortive! What tenacity! What courage, moral and physical! Take the case of Almond, who escaped from Carlisle Gaol only recently. With a 2in. file lie cut through a thick bar of iron in two places, and dropped from his cell window to the ground. By a marvellous arrangement of lad ders wiheh he found in an outhouse lie eventually succeeded in getting clear at the risk of his life. I-e robbed a scarecrow of its clothes. baffled the police jumped on to a moving train, and was eventually, after countless ad ventities and suffet'ings, run down at his sweethieatrt's. At Nottinigham it is recot'ded that a man squteezed himself through his cell witndow oti the fonuthi llooi' and climbed bythe lightiiing confitctot' to the i'oof. The Itelice station stood adjoiniing the puison, but at a distance of l3ft., atnd the prisoner boldly leapt across this gtilf, beneath which the ground yawned 50ft. below. Not many, like Jackson, the Stisageways conivict, com mit mutudet' dmrst thotighi, butt society was too stu'ong fot' himn also and lie was hanged. Di'. Campbell, in his book on Daitmoor, tecords an escape with peculiat' featum'es. I-e was a noted buirglar who etut a hole thtroighi the roof of his pi'ison, and lowered him- self thence to the boundary wall. Fi'om the wall lie dropped to the fat' sitle; then broke into one of the quai'ters, that of a suipeulot' officet', whieie lie stole a good suit of clothes and a saddle amid bi'idle. After eating ani ample stuppe' lie made fom' the stables, but cotild ntot effect an enitrance; how eve', lie found a hiorse giaziag near' Two Bridges, which lie caught, saddled, mounted, amid irode foir Exeteir. Unfor' ttunatehy lie met the owner' of tile horse face to face just as lie was drivingI homie from a fair. He was at once challengeti as to the stolen horse, but emily tunned tail and gallouied away, the fatmem' in hot put'suiit, anti was lptesontly ov'eirtaken and secored. His fii'st tact wuas to offer a handful of sllvei' spoons as a br'ibe toi' iclease, wuhtich was not accepted. But his cool aess did ntot desei't him; lie told the officem' whose coat he had "borrowed" a that lie hati fotund it an excellent "fit." 0 But if nayone wants a tltmilling hour, a let hint tuiri to the chapter en fi "Escapes" in another of Major Grif fithis's pi'isomi books-the well-known a histor'y of Millbank. The most mar'-a vellous of many escapes fuom that I famous pi'ison was Punch Howard's, ~ "'ho had also broken out of Newgateh aiid Horsemonger-hane gaol. In those d days the pm'isonei's used regulair steel - knives, which were given in for meal t tinies, and then immediately removed. Howard, at dinner time, converited his knife into a rough saw by hammering the edge of the blade on the corner of his iron bedstead, and with this sawed through one rivetV leaving the window "in statu quo.." The whole thing was effected within the dinner hour: saw made, bar cut,. and knife returnedi. Then Howard set to work. His cell was situated at the top of the in firmary, being lighted ny a window whose extreme length was about 3ft. and its width 6'/ in,. The window it self revolved on a central bar, which was riveted into the stone at each end. Hoistening himself again to the window, by hanging his blanket on a hammock hook in the:wall justbeneath he removed the window bodily-one rivet having being sawn through, the other soon gave way. The way of egress, such as it was,. was now open a narrow slit,. 3ft. by 61in. Howard was a stoutly-built man, with a by no means small head, yet he managed to get his head through the opening. Hav ing accomplished this, no doubt after tremendous pressure and. much pain to himself, he turned so as to lie on his back, and worked his shoulders and arms out. I-He had previously put the window with its central iron bar half in and half out of the orifice, meaning to use it as a platform to stand on, the weight of his, body pressing down one end, whilst the other caught against the roof of the opening, and so gave him firm foothold. He had also torn up his blankets and sheets in strips, and tied them together so as to form a long rope, one end of which was fastened to his legs. He was now half way out of the window, lying in a horizontal position, with his arms free, his body nipped about the centre by the narrow opening, his legs still inside his cell. It was not difficult for him now to draw out the rest of his body, and as soon as he had length enough he threw himself up and caught the coping stone of the roof above. All this took place on the top storey, at a height of some 35ft. from the ground. He was now outside the wall, and standing on the outer end of the window bar. To draw out the whole lengths of blanket and sheeting rope, throw them on to the roof, and clamber after, were his next exploits. IHis next job was to descend into the garden below, which encircles the whole of the buildings, and is itself surrounded by a low boundary wall. This garden was patrolled by six sen tries. He could see them. He took the descent by degrees, lowering him self from the roof tothe third- floorwin dow,and from the third floor to second, from second to first, and from first to the ground itself. The back of the nearest patrol just then was turned, and Howard was unobserved. Next moment lie was seen standing in his white shirt, but otherwise naked, in among the tombstones of the peni tentiary graveyard. Concluding that he was a ghost, the sentry, as he after wards admitted, turned tail and ran, and Howard was soon over the wall. Within a minute he was in his mother's house in Pye-street, close by, got food and clothing, and was off to the country. And the story of his capture reads like a romance. But lie was captured within 48 hours. The safe custody of prisoners is now reduced to a science, though they seem held but by a thread. They work "en plein air" in the open, miles beyond the prison gates or boundary walls. The staff or officers in charge is less than 10 per cent.; no ostensible means of coercion are used; the prisoners, ex cept in the case of half a dozen of the most turbulent, wear no chains. The whole system depends on the close ob servance of certain principles which have come to be regarded as axioms almost by the officials. No prisoner is allowed to be for one moment out of the officer's sight; that officer starts in the morning with a certain number of convicts in charge; lie must bring in the same number on his return to the prison. Beyond the vigilant eye of these officers in charge of small parues ranges a wide cordon of warder sen tries, who are raised on high platforms and have an uninterrupted view around. A carefully prepared code of signals serves to give immediate notice of escape. A shrill note on the whistle, a single shot from a. sentry's breech loader sounds the alarm-"A man gone!" Next second, the whistles re echo, shot answers shot; the parties are assembled in the twinkling of an eye, and a force of spare officers hasten at once to the point from whence comes the first note of distress. It is iiext to impossible for a fugitive to get away; if he runs for it, he is chased; if he goes to ground, they dig him omit; if he takes to the water he is soon overhauled. Such is the graphic pie ture of convict life drawn for us by time only literary Governor of Prisons (Major Grilliths) we have ever had. These prisons keep their secrets only too well. -_________ 