The Baptist Church. -:c: ANIVP SARY" SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES. The anniversary services, of the Baptist Church, which bad been postponed from the previous Sabbath, were conducted last Sunday. In the morning there was a good congregation, and the Rev. P. Robertson preached an im pressive sermon from 1st Corinthians iii, 10 and 17-" Know ye not that ye are the temple ef God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you ? If sny man defile s the mple of God, him shall God destroy ; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are." He spoke on the subject of the honour which was ours as the temples of God, and our responsibilities. The type was the temple at Jerusalem, the antitype the body of the believer. This thought the preacher enlarged upon. All that belonged to the temple of God was holy, and to us inwhom He condescended to dwell He said, Be ye holy as I am holy; be ye pure as your Father in heaven is pure. This meant that the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Glorious Trinity, dwell in us as the eye of the Holy Father dwell in the holy house. God was omnipresent and omniscient then, just as He was omnipresent and omniscient now. But He dwelt in the be. liever by His Holy Spirit as He dwelt now here else on earth. How necessary that our thoughts, words, and deeds should be pure I We should remember that God made us for His own temple, that He preserved us for His own temple, and that He had sent His own son into the world to redeem us, It was our privilege, our glory; which angels and archangels did not enjoy. They were not temples of God; they were His servants, The privilege of the in dwelling of God belonged alone to the believer in Jeans. Should it not, then, bind us to a life higher and holier and purer, more self. sacrifioing and devoted than even angels and archangels gave to God? In the afternoon the prizes iwon by the children at the Sunday- school were distributed. The awards consisted of a fine collection of nicely- bond books, which were handed over by the pastor of the Church. the Rev. F. O. Buchingham, to the sucncessful young people. After the ordinary Sunday-school routine had terminated the nsuperintendent (Mr. Joseph Ivett) said that the records were made up to the end of October each year. He then went on to explain, with reference tp the awarding of the prises, that, for morning school, but two awards were given-one for the boys and one for the girls-for regular attendance. The prize-winners had not missed a meeting, be cause, though there were flftl-three Sundays in the school year, no school was hold in the morning on Anniversary Sunday. The after noon school was perhaps the most important part of the work. The average attendance in the morning was only thirty, while in the after noon it was about fifty-siz. The method of awarding the prises was then explained, it being shown that 086 was the highest possible number of marks obtainable; and that the boys and girls were divided into sections senior, intermediate, junior n, and junior a. He had said at the beginning of the year that no prize would be given for good conduct, be cause all Sunday-school scholars should be well conducted. It had, however, been decided to give bad conduct marks against those who be based badly, and on looking through the records he did not see any bad conduct marks; but this he thought was due to the generosity of the teachers, for the children had not been uni formly well behaved. He trusted that those who had not won prizes this year would make a strong efiort to do so next year. Ha con gratulated the teachers on the way in which they had kept their records. Parents were urged to help the operations of the Sunday. school, which they could very materially. He prayed that next year would be one of great spiritual prosperity, and that the Sunday school would be a blessing to all who attended i-. The Rev. F. G. Brcanouss said that it seemed but a very short time sinoe the fonction of prize-distribution fell to his lot before. He was specially pleased with the report that had just beeu submitted. They could not congratulate themselves on having a vast school, but they could reflect with satisfaction on having a well-organised school, He thought that they ought to congratulate themselves on haing sunch a superintendent as Mr. Ivett, and such a band of teachers to support him. He congratulated the price winners (especially Edith Coleman) on the sueccess achbieved. The report was a wonderful one, in that there had been no bhad-condute marks put down. He was veryglad to observe that the children had been apparently so good, but he agreed with Mr. Ivett that it must beh owing to the tenderness and sympathy of the I teachers that no bad marks had been recorded, He hoped that the time was not far distant when somewhere about there they would have a nice Sunday- school with a suitable class room. In conclusionh be was certain that the great work of Christianising the colonies would depend to a very large extent on the efficiency of the Sunday-schools. He then distributed the prizes, the following being the names of the successful pupils: Afterneon.-Girls, senior: Florrie Coleman, 390 marks, 1; M. Buckingham, 840d, 2. Girls, intermediate: Edith Coleman, 571, 1; Jessie Webb, 552, 2; Jessie Ingram, 473, 3. Girls, junior n: Essie Roots, 545, 1; Violet Millar, 467, 2. Girls, junior A: Alma Ivett, 470, 1; Louisa noote, 399. 2; Agnes Knight, 263, 3. Boys, intermediate: Norman Smith, 442f, 1; Charles Scriven, 331, 2. Boys, junior n: Har old RItodway, 558, 1; Willie Caleman, 537, 2; Cbarles Mlillar, 529, ,3. Boys, junior A: Willie Bodway, 453, 1; Bortie Foster, 271, 2; S. Nosworth, 251, 5. Morning. --Attendance: Girls, Eoie Roots; boys, Harry Ingranm. Infant Claoe.--Girls: Loi Iett,. Lucy Irett, Ethel lodway, Lily Roots. Rose ltoots, Lillian Seriven, Hettie Ioots, Iadge Bryan, Maud Knight, Emma Seriven, Jessie Nethereote, Emma Dickfos, Ellen Dickfos, Constance Smith, and Elsie Tunstall. Boys: Mlarshall Webb, Arthur Webb, James Iootesl, Wallace Bryan, Harry Coleman, Victor Striven, Leshe Foster, Frank Jeffeoat, Ray Jeffcoast, William Scriven, Rrggie Wise, Norlmn Knight, Bertie Williams, Claude Smith, Bertie KingRsorl. Henry Kirkwood, Thomas KIirkwood, Charlie Tunstall, and ltobert KRnight. Monitor of the school, Willinm Coleman. This most important fnnction over, Mr. Iveti seized the epporti Oiy to suggest to Mr. Buckingham that he should bring before the Baptist Association the advisability of adopting the very ecellont plan, now in vogue in con aection with the Presbyterian denomination, of competitive examinations for pupils attending the Sunday-schools throughout the colony. Mr. Buckingham stated that for some twoe months past the committee in Brisbane had been at work revising the constitution of the association, and one of the important items of that revision was to make arrangements for the representation of the different organisations connected with the Churoch, and among them the Sundayschoolos with a view to carrying out something very similar to what bad been suggested. The children afterwards marched out singing. and the pronouncing of the benediction brought the meeting to a close. There was again a large attendance in the evening. The choir gave a good rendition of the anthem "Praise Waiteth for Thee" while the collection was being taken up. The lev. F. G. Buckingham officiated, and selected as the basis of his remarks 1st Samuel vii., 12 " Then Samuel took a stone,and set it between Bizpah and Shem, and called the name of it Ebenezer, saying' Hitherto hath theLord helped us.'" From this text the preacher delivered an excellent and earnest address, which was attentively listened to by the congregation. 