! SOLD SWORDS. I . SOME HISTORIC WEAPONS. I " ' | GOSSIP ABOUT BLADES. AND HOW THEY WERE USED. A small but IniercHtinK collection of o!<J swords whs brought to the hammer :« M'.ssuh Gomrnell. Tuckett'H auction rooms yesterday. There wis a mur derous weapon, which was taken by Col. Montgomery at the Palace of Delhi, af ter the assault by the llritUih troops— a piece of Damascus st.-el, with a Jade Htone handle, inlaid with Turquoise and other stones, encased In a scabbard elaborately lacquered and enamelled. . This sword is said to have belonged to the Emperor, and to have been dropped by him at the siege. There was also a . fine sword, with an Ivory handle. Inlaid ; with gold, taken at the battle of Chil- | llamvtUlata couple of atrocious Japanese awords, some blood-thirsty Cingalese knives, and Gourkha knives, a naval dress sword, some fencing foils, and ; other specimens of the art of the sword maker, Eastern and European. It was curious to see these old weapons brought to the hammer, In a peaceful and unsophisticated country, far removed from scenes of sanguinary strife. That old blade from Delhi had spitted a few of Its Royal owner's ene mies. Now the weapon that once hung at a Prince's side, and flashed In his Royal hand, was dangled by an auc tioneer's porter, and offered to the high est bidder. It is, however, much better that It should form part of the collec tion of some respectable but placid su- ; burban gentleman (like Gray's Imagi nary' rustic Cromwell, "guiltless of: his country's blood,") than that it should be carving off heads or poking feplcs In bodies at the whim of a devilish .Delhi despot. A collection of old swords Is always fascinating to a reflective person. Whether one looks at a huge claymore, or at an elegant rapier, at an atrocious, curved Gourkha knife (capable of chop ping off a head at a blow) or at an old cavalry sword, there are brought to mind scenes and stories thril ling or amusing, or romantic, or curious, In which . one can ! always find rlcHght. Even an old stage sword is Interesting. Indeed, stage sword fights are nearly always funny, even when least Intended to bo so. When Hamlet is played. and Iaertes and the Prince of Denmark have their fight, j the actors feoached up by a fencing I master), almost Invariably commence ! by going -through a form of salute that Is : a purely modern Invention — not more j than a century old. at rhe tnto&t;, says an authority. When Sir Henry Irving first | produced Faust he Introduced a hovel notion In stage sword fights. At the point where Mephtstopheles fights, a duel, he had copper plates placed on the stage and wires connected with the swords of the combatants no that roat Bpnrks would fly whenever the swords came In contact. Rut one night the apparatus went wrong In some peculiar way, so that the actor who was having the dihd with Mephlstopheles (Irving) got the electric shocks up his arm. The result was— no sparks, but a most dis mal and disconsolate howl of pain that sent the audience Into convulsions of Innehter. Unfortunately, Messrs Gemmell and Turbett had no oncbonfcd "»w<vr) to sell yesterday. Tn the middle ages the knlrrhts who did the greatest deeds of daring wern provided with enchanted swords, generally given to them by some lady-love of dubious character, but niirlferous hair. In. that charming but most mendacious hook, the "Seven Champions of Christendom." nil the good knights hod enchanted swords. Of course, they slew their enemies as a patent American reaping machine cuts corn. With an enchanted sword you can't go wrong. You simply can't be beaten. Consequently it has always seemed to us that the alleged heroism of these Iron-plnted rumnns of the middle: ages is exaggerated. 'If "they' had enchanted swords and Ihelr enemies 'had them not. of course the enemies went. down. Tf CorlWt had fought Fltz- sim.mnns wPh enchanted boxlne cloves, the New' Zealand 'pugilist would not hnve hod th« ghost of a show. The best descriptions of sword fights In our literature are those given bv Sir Walter Rcotti Let anvone turn to "The Monastery" and rend that description of the fieht between Sir Plerote Phafton and Herbert Olendlnnlng. The English knight held that "hrove men should not run upon theli; fate like brute and fierce wild beasts, but slay each other de liberately. decently, and with reason.? He was master of the stoccato. the Im- brocaln, .the punto-reverso, the Incar- tnin. and all the passes and thrusts which the Italian fencing masters had taught him. Herbert Olendlnnlng fought In good old Scottish fashion; but ho won,, nevertheless Equally fine Is the rhymed description of the fight, In the "Lady of the Lake," between Rode rick Dhu and Fltz .Tames. The chlef- Iniln was a great warrior of the slap dash order, but— "Trained abroad his arms to wield, FItz James's blade was eword and shield? Tie practised ovary pass and ward, To thrust, to strike, to feint, to guard." And, of course, skill and training won. and Roderick Dhu was forced to his knees. Of the sword as the symbol of soldier ly honor we have all rend. The Knight was made by a sword- tap; the officer de feated In war, or disgraced in service, surrenders his sword. It is curious, too. how a trace of the times when swords were worn by all men of fashion, sur vives upon our modern clothing. Notice the two buttons on the hack of a frock coat. Why are they there? For orna ment? Yes. hut they are u survival; the buttons on the back of the coat once upon a time served to keep the sword- belt In place. Your quite un-belllger- ont banker, who walks down Collins street to his ofilce with two buttons on the back of hlH frock coat, probably never thinks of how he carries behind him a link with the past; but so It Is. The wearing of swords went out when duelling fell Into dlsrcputu and was sup- prensed. But 1: was In the duelling days that John Byrom wrote his amusing satire at the expense of the swonled bucks of his time. The lunatic from Bedlam could not understand why the beau wore the sword— " 'Pray, what Is that long, dangling, cumbersome thing, Which you seem to be tied to with rib bon and string?' 'Why, that Is my-swordl' 'And what is It to a«r Kill my enemies, master, by running them through.' 'Kill your enemies! Kill a fool's head of your own! They'll die of themselves If you let them alone!' " At the sale yesterday, the sword which formerly belonged to the Emperor of Delhi fetched L16. A fine Ghourka knire fetched LI 12s Cd. Two Japanese swords fetched 13s each. Some of the other swords were bought In, and will be sotd privately. 