THE LITTLEBOROUGH BACHELORS' BALL. " No, Frank," said Jim Wickham, in reply to his companion's question, " we have not had a Bachelors' Ball in Littleborough for the last three years." Captain Curgenven elevated his feet carefully on to the mantel-piece and tilled back his chair. His host watched him nervously, being con- cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby tea- cups. " I don't think I shall break anything," mur- mured Curgenven, coutentedly ; " I have only got slippers on. It is awfully good of you to put me up far the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the interest of the article itself. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboard is reliable, as it ought to be, I shall be thoroughly comfortable in body and mind." Wickham seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use- less. He made no comment, and returned to the subject under discussion. " As soon as Charlie Davidson got married," he continued, " we the gallant remnant of single blessedness in Littleborough, considered it about time to cease advertising every Christ- mas our fortunate condition. Charlie had man- aged the Bachelors' Ball for years." " And successfully ?" " Execrably no worse Secretary could have been found. That was his great merit, because everybody was always prepared to abuse him. He always offended two-thirds of the neigh- bourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother and sister one year." " Poor old Charlie !" said Curgenven, with a smile, " his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." " When he resigned he left the management of the ball in such evil odour that nobody in the town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather a painful incident in connection with the last dance we gave that has not yet been explained to all." " This is very exciting," remarked his friend. " Please to remember that I have been four years in India, and am dying for Littleborough news. Relate the occurrence in your own ini- mitable style, while I smoke and listen." Jim Wickham was a seasoned bachelor, whose earliest and only love had been the sound of his own voice A kindly little busybody, few things in Littleborough escaped the inquisition of his double eyeglass. He drew a chair to the fire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powers to do justice to his subject. " I need hardly say it was Charlie Davidson's fault entirely," he began. " You know we used to have a list of people that were invited every year. Charlie always sent them invitations, whether they had left the place, or were dead or bankrupt. He used to invite them all. He asked old Miss Cumberbatch three successive years after her death at the age of 79." " But she never would accept. I suppose ?" " No ; she never appeared. But at last he asked another man who was also dead." " Undeterred by the silence of Miss Cumber- batch ? " " And this man," said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying his hand on his com- panion's arm, " actually appeared at the ball. That was the uncomfortable part of it." " Good Lord ! " said Curgenven, " I say, you'll have to shift that Sevres flower-vase ; " if you make any more statements of that kind, I shall be kicking it over." His host rose, obediently, and cleared a wider space in the neighbourhood of his companion's slippers. Nether spoke for a moment or two, and then Curgenven demanded continuance and an explanation. " Who on earth was the man ? " he asked. " He had no business to be anybody on earth then," was Wickham's reply. " His name was Dunlop Ferguson. I dare say you remember him." " Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind of chap. I did not know him at all well. He was up in these parts learning banking, wasn't he ? I remember him chiefly as a great friend of old Waterfield, the banker. Surely he was in Waterfield's bank ? " " That's the man. He was a great friend of mine, and he was a great friend of Kitty Waferfield's—he used to talk to me about her." " I knew a girl would be bound to come into the story soon. What is she like ? Attractive ? I don't know her even by sight." " Not the least attractive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. She's either too shy or too reserved. I've known her all her life, and taken her in to dinner about thirty times. I once extracted from her a confession that she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only confid- ence she has ever honoured me with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit further with her than that. Indeed, he was desperately keen on her. I can't for the life of me imagine why, except for the fact that she didn't care two straws about him. She used to be rude to him, though, and that was an ad- vance on the distantly polite attitude she adopted towards everybody else. " Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Waterfield danced together more than once, I can vouch for that, and they sat out together pretty often too. She was never in much demand as a partner, though he was popular enough ; but he never looked at anybody else that night. His eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all over the room ; and she went about, either with him, or without him, a pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. She looked rather pretty that night, but whether she enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come in and have a smoke with me after the dance ; and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, I said : You're coming round for a pipe, eh ? ' He said : ' Not to-night, I think. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rather low-spirited and tired, and he shook hands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was four years ago, and I have never set eyes on the man since. Mind the clock, Frank, your right foot is dangerously near it." " You ought not to say such startling things, then. Go on." " The next day Ferguson left Littleborough without a word to anybody. His letters were to be forwarded to him at some club in London, I forget which. Most people wondered at his going, and missed him not a little ; but the only person who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfield, and nobody in his senses ever dreamed of pumping her. She went on just as usual not looking either melancholy or relieved, but simply expressionless. I spoke to her once about him, but she never answered, and I changed the subject to Rome, where she had just been. She was not exactly garrulous on that topic cither ; but that is neither here nor there. " We had just issued the invitations for the next Bachelor's Ball a year after, and Charlie Davidson, who was engaged to be married at the time had signalised his farewell appearance as Secretary by making even a bigger mess of the ball than usual. On that occasion he overlooked the Lord-Lieutenant and the Colonel in com- mand. I was in he County Club lunching one day with two or three other fellows, when a man said suddenly, ' I see that poor young Fer- guson, who was up here, is dead. He died somewhere in Africa about six weeks ago. It was in all the papers. Didn't anybody see it ?' " None of us had seen it, and it was a great shock to me. But Charlie Davidson, who was there, turned as pale as a sheet, and laid down his knife and fork. I knew at once he had sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I felt rather sorry for him, as he looked very much upset. " Young Haliburton, however, began to crack his customary jokes at Charlie's expense. He observed that we should have a cheerful ball if everybody our secretary invited turned up, and was further anxious to discover if Queen Anne had been asked, saying he thought she might be offended at the omission. But when he went on and said it was enough to drag young Fer- guson from his grave, the luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Haliburton to dry up, and not try and be funny on a subject like that. " You know, I think Davidson was worked up into rather an ' eerie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrived. He has often, in telling me the story of what he saw, remarked that he felt a presentiment " " Oh, don't" interrupted his listener. " Don't let us have any presentiments. Go on with the anecdote." " Just as you like," replied Wickham, mildly. " Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind was, the supper-room had just been opened, and he was rushing about telling the wrong men to take in the wrong ladies He came in the course of his career to a small sitting-out room close to the entrance-hall. It was rather a cold and unpopular room, with a dejected-looking palm- tree in the centre, and fitted out with the shab- biest of the sofas and chairs. The ball secretary came in, but he stopped quite as hastily in the doorway. For, sitting side by side on a couch exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Dunlop Ferguson. The intruder was too much slavered to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full in the face and saw that he was white and haggard. " Charlie Davidson could not stand the sight, and belted out like steam. He managed to find me in the supper-room, and I could not think what was the row with him. I gave him some brandy, which he wanted badly ; and then he told me what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I could see. " Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go and inspect a ghost, and I hesitated a little. But then I concluded either that they had been mistaken in telling us that Ferguson was dead or else that Charlie had been mistaken in thinking that he had seen him. So I put on as calm a face as I could and made straight for the spot. I went in airily and casually, only to find there was nobody there but Miss Waterfield. She was leaning back on the sofa, with her hands behind her head, look- ing up at the electric light." " Didn't she seem upset asked Curgenven, " or startled ? " " She looked nothing, as she always did," was the reply. " There was positively not one sign a limit her that could tell anybody any thing. She looked, if anything, a little bored." " That is quite the correct expression for a girl to wear," observed Curgenven, selecting a cigarette from the box on the table, " when her dead lover has returned from the grave to meet her on the anniversary of the day she rejected him. I suppose you catechised her ? " " My cross-examination was very skilful, for I led up to it gently. I said I didn't know she was all alone ; to which she replied, ' Didn't you ?'—which is a chilling sort of answer, and one at which she was very great. I could not for the life of me go on to say that I had been told a ghost was sitting out the supper dances with her. I made some general remark, which she received with a polite ' Indeed !' displaying no interest of any kind ; and then her mother suddenly came ill. Her mother is talkative, and an idiot, so 1 fled, leaving the secret be- hind me. " I'm bound to say that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story later on in the evening when several glasses of champagne in- tervened between himself and the facts. He made out that Ferguson's whole demeanour was corpse- like and supernatural, and added a sug- gestion of a bullet-wound in his forehead, im- plying suicide. However, other people were in- clined to be less impressed, and hinted that the Secretary had been sampling the drinks before supper. Young Haliburton, when he was next in London, made inquiries at Ferguson's club whither Charlie had posted the card for the Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he had heard nothing of Fergusson for several months, and that he had left no address to which his letters might be forwarded. He showed Hali- burton about thirty letters for Ferguson, and Haliburton eagerly searched through them to find Charlie's invitation. But—this was a very strange feature in it—the invitation to the ball was not among the letters. Wasn't that curious ? " " It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere beyond his Club." " Shortly after this remarkable apparition, Miss Waterfield went away from Littleborough. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrument in Germany. I believe music interests her faintly, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in the Club once said that if Ferguson were really dead he considered Kitty Waterfield morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still wise man suggested that he should go and tell her so." Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story an excellent one, and it remained an ex- cellent story, in his estimation, until one day he hapeued to see in the paper the marriage, tele- graphed home from Africa, of a certain Mr. Dunlop Ferguson to an officer's daughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that the name was not a very uncommon one, and that the Littleborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that the Ferguson who appeared at the hall was the same Ferguson who was dead. Charlie Davidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is another person of the same name. Others, however, hold that Ferguson paid a flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Waterfield comes back to her native town certain bold spirits have resolved to cast lots to decide who shall question her and find out the truth.— " Vanity Fair." 