THE FIRE BOARD TANGLE. Matters are getting into a worse tangle than ever in connection with the (so called) Country Fire Brigades’ Board. Management from Melbourne under the present Pi re Brigades’ Act has been a failure and a mystery. The two chief country centres of Bendigo and Ballarat have all along been opposed to govern ment by a Melbourne bureau in such a simple matter as this of the control and equipment of the local firemen. Yet be cause it suits the insurance companies and some of the small towns of the country where there is a brigade-wluob io, perhaps, called out to a fife once in a twelvemonth,- the united Bendigo and Ballarat centres are asking in vain that the Act should be amended, and local control substituted for the costly and mysterious system of con trol that now obtains in Melbourne, The plans on which the board acts have been a perfect mystery to us from the begin ning. Wo never understood in the case of Bendigo how it was that when the City Council alone bore the expense of the brigades, the cost was less to the council than now when the Government and insur ance companies are supposed to bear one third each.' The board’s first secretary had a way of book-keeping peculiarly his own. Por the success of his system socresy a sine qua non. But wo cannot think that there is any necessity whatever since the retirement of that official for keeping back anything connected with the administra tion of the board. Why, for example, were not the votes recorded for candidates in the most recent of the hoard’s elections published in the way that is usual in all contested elections ? And for what do the board want to f borrow £17,000 ’? They are coming down. When it first occurred to the board that a loan would he a good thing, £30,000 was the amount proposed. If in two. of.'three years the proposal has shrunk by £13,000, it ought to b.o let |lone for a few more years; /and then it will, perhaps, have shrunk out of sight Chiefly, .we..believe, the loan is wanted iii ,order to -buy the depots in the possession of brigade# But thefe was no necessity whatever to buy, these stations, nor to pay rent for them either. They wore already public pro perty, tlip ..property either of fcho r municipal bodies oi 1 of the lire brigades as brigades, not of tho members as.indiyiduals,; It was. only through taking away local control that tho purchasing or paying of rout for the* depots and apparatus came; to bo mooted." If the brigades bad boon loft under local control, as they should have been, no such tilings as buying and renfc ing and floating loans would havo beon hoard of, and mutters generally would have been better attended to because the managers would have Wen. oir the spot, not located in Melbourne. Wc never could understand tho board's methods of collecting its dues, paying out and book-keeping. It may be all very well to one who makes a strict and techni cal study of the Act. But if what is done us regards tho levying of the board's con tributions is according to the Act, then the sooner the Act is abrogated or radi cally amended, the bettor and more under standable it will be. The latest piece of financial mystification with which tho municipal bodies of the Northern fire dis trict are wrestling, is why they should be culled upon to contribute .£100 between them for tho erection of a central depot in Bendigo. Wo thought that this matter had been satisfactorily arranged when the City Council agreed to - pay extra on ac count of tho building of a central depot. But it now appear that a depot cannot be built in Bendigo without making the councils of Eaglclmwk,iIarong, etc., con tri butaries. True they are told that the City Council will refund the amount which tho other municipalities have been requisitioned on account of the central depot. What nonsensical circumlocution is this? Could not the board collect the amounts in question from the City-Council? Why put tho other municipalities to the annoy ance of paying an unnecessary duo to the board for a work to be performed in another municipality, and then the City Council to (ho trouble of refunding tho various excess items paid to the board? It may.be fire board' law, but to us it seems to be a most unbusiness-like pro ceeding. Small matters like these are often more annoying than more serious concerns. On tho 9th iusfc. there is to be are-assembling of tho municipal confer ence in. Melbourne, and the representa tives will discuss the best plan for regain ing local control of the brigades. In view also of the great advance lately made in insurance rates, municipal insurance is also to be ventilated. Salk of Fruit on Sundays, Tho Sludge Question, Eaglohawk, Kangaroo Flat and Country News will ho found on ouv first page this morning. FOURTH PAGE.—Tho following additional reading matter will bo found on our fourth page this morning—Mining News and Notes, City Council and a Letter to the Editor, Due Supplement to-day contains a con tinuation of the serial tale, “ It was a Love Match“ At tho Beehive,” by “ Mosquito Sporting Notes, by “ Coo-eoCycling, by “Tangent;” “Amongst the Pleasure Seekers,” by “Vet;” Chess Notes, by “Gambit;” Children's Column; and a variety of useful and entertaining rending matter. To-day’s Events. —Meeting Hinchcliff Pre sentation Committee, City Family Hotel, 4.30 pm,; meeting general committee Watson’s Sus tontation Fund, 4 p.m.; mooting Operative Bakers’ Association, Trades’ Hall, 7 p.m.; half yearly meeting Mining Managers’ Association, Beehive, 8 p.m.; meeting Enginedrivors, 8 p.m.; Potter Bellow Co., Theatre, 8 p.m. Religious Services will bo celebrated to moiTow in the various churches ns advertised. Forfeited Shares in the Great Comet and Fortium Hustler’s companies will bo sold by public auction to-dny. Cheap Tickets. —It is announced that rail way tickets at holiday, excursion fares, available for one month, will bo issued from Juno 19 to June 26. Electric Trams for Golden Square.— Tho following letter was read at yesterday's meeting of the City Council, from Messrs, w, Clayton, Joel and Co., electrical engineers, Melbourne;—“ Wo notice that you have before you a report on a horse tramway from Howard Place to Golden Square. Can wo suggest sub stituting electricity for horses? It is not in accord with tho limes for a city Rio size of Bendigo to bo considering horse trams when other cities are discarding horses and substi tuting electricity. - Tho electric plant in ‘the first instance costs.more, but a very largo sav ing is effected in tho working expenses. Wc shall bo very pleased to send our engineer down to give you a report and estimate as to tho cost of installing and maintaining same if tliorc is any chance of it lending to business.” Tho letter was referred to tho sub-committee, tho mayor remarking that it would do no harm to hear what tho oleotricinns bad to say. ; The Pantomimf., “ Golden Hair,” which is toeommeneoonWednesdayncxtin the theatre, is \ one of those fairystories which everyone delights in, and to some brings thoughts of younger days. Who has not heard the story of “Tho Three Bears?” Those little plays, which have lately been brought to such perfection, and arc really now produced on a very large scale, bring to light some ingenious, mechanical and scenic effects. One of the scones from tho Royal Princess Theatre, Melbourne, which was pro duced in “ Matsa,” will bo shown. Tho grand bazaar at Cairo gives a great ohanee to make a magnificent display. The transformation scone has seven distinct sots. Tho Harlequinade should be most acceptable, it being some years since wc have had one of these humorous scones. Tho chorus and accessories are being diligently trained. A full orchestra will play all accompaniments under tho leadership of Mr. T. Butler. City Police Court.— Tho mayor (Cr. Marks) and Mr. Davis, Js.P., adjudicated yesterday. William Joseph Parkiuson was charged with stealing from the saddling pad dock tickets, tho property of the Bendigo Jockey Club, valued at £2. Detective McPher son asked for a week’s remand. As Mr. Roberts, who appeared for the accused, offered .no objection, it was granted. Bail was allowed in one surety of £10 and the prisoner’s own recognisance of £10. Martin Griffin secured a verdict for £1 against A. Monti, with 15s 6d costs, and H. Edwards against W. Petrie for £4, wth 15s 6d costs. William Brothcrton, for playing football in the streets, and Thomas Dowsoy, for using a shanghai, were each fined 2s 6d.. D. Whyte and Co. sued Mary Jane Robinson for money duo for goods sold and delivered. Mr. Roberts nppeared-for tho defend ant. Mr. McKenzie wished to prove the debt on behalf of the plaintiff finn, but as ho could only give secondary ovidonco, Mr. Roberts ob jected to his testimony being hoard. The bench upheld the objection and dismissed tho case, allowing 10s 6d costs against the plaintiffs. Looting the Minister for War.— Some one (says our, Melbourne correspondent) slapped the Hon. W. McCulloch on the back on Thursday night as ho was on his way along Swanston street to catch his train. As ho turned round to see who it was that was taking such a liberty with the Minister for War, his umbrella was snatched away. Ho \gavo chase, but Rio robber was too fast for him. A man was caught by some others who joined in tho chose, but ns ho had no umbrella it was not thought that his detention would bo. justified. Whether it was a jubilee practical joko'or .& genuino_steaLsooi»B to;be~a mystery. A~ libel Action,— A suit for tho-recovory j of damages amounting to £1000 for libel was ( heard before Mr. Justice Stephen and a jury of four, in tho Sydney Supremo Court on Thurs day, tho plaintiff being Rupert Stanley ’ M‘Coy and Rio defendant Jas. Powell Treadgold. Tho plaintiff set out that he was a competitor for a prize at a fancy fair, held at Rie Stanmoro Wes leyan Church, and having won it, he handed the money back for the benefit of tho church funds. Thereupon tho defendant published ah insulting paragraph, Tho plaintiff alleged that the paragraph referred to him, but offered to accept an apology. The defendant -said that the article was not intended to apply to Rio plaintiff. A-verdict, for a farthing damages was returned. Fire Brigade.— Tho monthly meotingof the Long Gully Fire Brigade was hold last night Correspondence was read from secretary St. Matthew’s Church, asking the brigade to'tarn oat to a church parade to take place sborRy. Request granted. R. Studholmo was elected a registered member, W. Pithio placed on, the, reserve list,,and several honorary members ad mitted. It was decided that the .members should practise weekly, and to join in the torchlight procession in Bendigo on Jubilee night. Arrangements are now being made to en able Mr. Max Hirsoh to lecture in Bendigo during July on Free Trade/ He is -admittedly one of the heat, if not -the’ best of debaters'in Australia. Eaglehawk and Kangaroo Flat will also bq visited. Duo notice will be given in cur advertising columns. St. John Ambulance Association —On Thursday, 10th mst*, At 4 o clock* -tho aunu&] mooting will bo hold, by the courtesy of Rie mayor,-in Rip mayors room atthP Town HalL Tho business is to electa committee and arrange for the holding of classes in fitst' did and nursing. The mayor will preside, and it is hoped Riat everyone taking an interest in the useful and very necessary work of this assooia lion will endoavor to ho present. In tho njoail timeMissCraig, tho hon. secretary, hopes that all intending students willsondhorthom names and addresses , to “ Sandhurst,” J “Boundary street, so that there may bo ; no- farther daisy in beginning this seasonsleotaros.-Miss Craig also wishes to remind all those ladies who have already passed their first aid and nursina examinations that it is necessary for them to attend another course of lectures and pass a second examination in Urstjaid to ho entitled to a medallion, which is thohi ghost award, and is. only given,at the ond elf the complete course. Obituary,— We regret to record, the death of Mr. Samuel Bruce, licensee of the Limerick Castle Hotel, Williamson street. It occurred at his residence last evening at 20 minutes past 10 o'clock. He had been suffering front in-, flammation of tho bowels tor some time past, but last week he seemed much better, and rose from bed. On Sunday, however, he had a re-, lapse, and becoming gradually worse died last evening. He was only 49 years old, and was a brother Mr. W. Bruce, the well-known brewer of this city. He was a native of Shetland, and when only 15 years of ago went to the sea. He He rapidly rose in his profession, and soon became second mate of one of the New York liners. About 20 years ago he came to Bendigo, and was engaged as cellerman by his brother. Mr. W. Bruce. He remained with him until 12 months ago, when he became the licensee of the Limerick Castle Hotel. He was a genial, kind- hearted than, and was much liked by a number of residents. He leaves a widow and seven young children. The funeral will take place to the White Hills Cemetery tomorrow afternoon at 2.30. Good Intent Society.— Tho monthly meet ing of the above society was held at tho Tem perance Hall on Thursday evening. Present Miss Smith (president), Miss Curuow. (trea surer). Miss Ewing (secretary), Miss L’. Cur now, Miss Nicholls-nnd Miss Paul leer. The usual business was transacted, help being given to several urgent eases of wood, clothing, groceries, blankets, etc. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr, J, A. O. Scott for a parcel of boots, also to a friend for aparcol of tea. In-' reference to the dinner provided, by thoBondigo Citv Council pensioners are requested to call at the' residence of any of the. members for tickets. • ; Musical Competitions,—Two grand con certs will bo bold in July next under the auspices of tho Long Gully 1 Mechanics* Insti tute. Prizes are offered for vocal and piano r forte selections. Entries will bo received by the secretary, Mr. W, Wilson, till the 24th inst.- • Charity Football Match,—a meeting of representatives from tlio New Chum Railway Gold Mining Company and the Golden Square Fire Brigade was hold at .the Fire Brigade Depot last night to make arrangements for a football match in aid of tho Watson’s Sustenta tion Fond; Mr, R. Houston in the chair. It was decided to play a match in the Upper Reserve on Juno 22 (Jubilee Day). Teams will be picked at a later date. Matriculation;— Miss Evelyn Taylor, of California Gully, daughter of Mr, James Taylor, the well known sharebroker, passed tho recent matriculation' examination with first-class honors in French ami Gorman. Children in the Dock.— Yesterday at tho City police court, five children named William Jones, aged 12; James O’Brien, 11; Archibald Simmons, 13; John Henry Campbell, 12; and Ronald Campbell, 11, wore charged with stealing three loaves of broad from Mrs. McLonnan’s baker’s cart Tho prisoners’ dock at the court was not, apparently, made to accommodate prisoners of such dimi nutive sizes, for as they stood in tho enclosure only a glimpse of the tops of their heads could be scon. The mother of Simmons and tho mother of tho two Campbells attended tho court. Sergeant Kilfcddor explained that the accused were arrested by Constable Caujfleld for stealing tho bread, but it was thought tho hoys wore concerned in the pilfering at the Masonic Hall at tho beginning of the week, and there was also suspicion that they might know something about the robberies committed at the Bendigo Tennis Court from time to time. Ho would therefore,under the circumstances, apply for a week’s remand to enable tho police to make further enquiries. The request was granted. The sergeant remarked that tho police had seen Mrs. O’Bxdon that morning, but shq said her boy was completely beyond her con trol, and she was not prcpai-od to undertake any responsibility respecting his bohayior. The bench, who expressed their disinclination to send tho boys to goal for the week, de cided to allow them but on bail on tholr own recognisance of £5. Sergeant Kilfcddor was of opinion that tho parents of each of tho lads should lie there and go surety for them. It was, ho said, of little use binding over a lot of “ kids ” like that; but still he would hot'like to see them sent to gaol. Before tho boys were allowed to depart, tho bench extracted from thorn a promise that they would turn up at tho court on Friday next-, otherwise tho maximum penalty would ho imposed. Tho youngsters, with apparent earnestness, made tho promise. Amongst the articles stolon from tho tennis court were nine pairs of shoes, a number of tennis balls, a pair of pincers, several sashes and a hammer. Most of those liave been re covered . It appears that the boys gave away most of the things to other boys. The boys arrested were each wearing a pair of the shoes, while another pair has been returned to the watch-house by a lad residing at Long Gully, who said he gave • 6d * for them to one of the Campbells. ' Thomas Whitoroft, wlio had his skull racturcd by being struck by a jealous husband with a candlestick in a house in Prahran, bn Tuesday night, is still in tho Alfred Hospital. Ho has, however, somewhat improved, and no serious results are anticipated. H.A.C.B.S.—A meeting will bo held in St. Kilian’s Hall on Sunday, at 3 p.m., to inaugurate a juvenile contingent in connection with St. Kilian’s branch. Members of this contingent on attaining tho ago of 16 are admitted to the adult branch without initiation fee. A largo number of members is anticipated. IIillmann’s Gold Medal safety cage, with all its latest improvements, will bo on view at the Beehive to-day. A meeting of the committee to arrange for the presentation to Dr. Hinchcliff, who leaves for Melbourne at an early date, will bo hold at tho City Family Hotel this afternoon at 4,30 o’clock. A meeting of tho general committee in con nection with the Watson’s Sustcntation Fund will bo hold at tho Town Hall this afternoon at'4; The privileges of the publican’s booth for the Golden City Racing Club’s meeting, to be held on Wednesday next at the South Atlas race course, will be sold by auction to-day by Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co., at their rooms at 12.30 o’clock. At 2 o’clock to-day on tho premises, Lyttle ton Terrace and Myers street, Messrs. H. M, Marks and Co. will, sell by auction those cen trally situated promises known as Messrs. D. Moorhead and Sons ? Produce Stores, together "with tho business good-will, rolling stock, plant; etc., under instructions from the execu tors of tho estate of the late Mrs. A. Moorhead, widow of the late Mr. D. Moorhead, This well-known business is regarded as oho of tho most extensive and prosperous outside of the metropolis, and as an investment offers special advantages. _ Messrs. Kennedy and Woodward are the solicitors from whom particulars can bo obtained. Details are duly published in our, advertising columns. v - Messrs. J, Andrew and Co. will conduct a sale of Crown lands at their auction rooms on Tuesday, 29th inst On Monday, Jano 14, at tho Arcade Auction Rooms, Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will sell a_ quarter-acre allotment and . five-roomed \v.b. villa residence in OHnda street, Quarry Hill, on account of Mr. D. A. P. Burgess. On tho 16th inst., on the property, Vino street, they will sell, household furniture and effects, on account of Sirs. M. A. Bye. ■ The Melbourne Boot Company, Arcade Corner* Hargreaves street, announce that they have taken oyer a bankrupt stock, arid are selling boots and shoes at great bargains. •* ■ It is announced that a manufacturer’s. stock of wots and shoes is being slaughtered at No. 6' Fall Mall. This should be a splendid opportunity of securing a stock of boots and shoes for the. .winter at x Wgq discount; 