The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are ad- vised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1897. One principle has to be borne in mind at every stage of the federal discussion. It is the absolute necessity of moving along the line of least resistance. Those who wish to succeed must seek to create as little alarm as possible, to make as few changes as possible, to unite as many interests as possible. Hence the true policy is to simplify the constitution. We should avoid all irrelevant details; we should set aside all new institutions and all novel pro- posals, and should endeavour simply to create a free and capable Australian Parliament as the proper tribunal to deal with all other issues as they arise. In establishing a Supreme Court, we do not lay down any practice or procedure, or any rules to be observed by that body, and the Australian Parliament should be left equally free. This course is at once convenient to ourselves and fair to posterity. Nothing is more childish than to suppose we can really fetter those who are to come after us. They will work out their own destiny in their own way, and we are discharge- ing our duty when, by instituting a Parliament with untied hands, we leave the people as a people masters of the situation. These are necessarily the tactics of the honest, common-sense friends of the Australian cause. But the fanatic and the dogmatist are prompted to take advantage of the occasion, and to urge as "indispensable conditions" theories and schemes never put in prac- tice elsewhere, which are no part of any existing constitution, federal or otherwise; and they are selfishly in- different to the fact that the inevitable result of their tactics is to cause divi- sion in the ranks, which they should seek by every sacrifice to consolidate. These men forget that they are in pre- sence of an enemy. They forget the tactics of the 40 per centers. They do not remember how these men put up Mr. E. D. Williams to create a tariff diversion, and are now backing up Mr. McLean ; are declaring that the "Arabian Nights" tale of that imagina- tive, brooding, fossil Celt is solid, complete, and unanswerable; and are endeavouring to hold up to ridicule and contempt the capable, unbiassed ex- perts, such as Mr. McKenzie and Mr. A. W. White, who have pricked the bubble. They do not realise that the enemy enjoys these diversions on points of detail. They do not seem to realise that the situation is different in Vic- toria from what it is in New South Wales, where the enemy, led by Mr. Want and Sir Julian Salomons, is an open foe, while here the enemy lies in the ambush of a "Secret Service com- " mittee." Yet this is the patent fact. Mr. Want is a provincialist, and owns as much. Mr. E. D. Williams, Mr. D. Syme, and the others who are playing the game are enemies within the gate; they wear the federal uniform and dis- parage the federal cause. The mouth- piece in the Assembly and the organ in the press have the same idea in their minds. It is to exaggerate all difficul- ties as they occur, and to make impos- sible demands and to represent them as essential.. There is only one way to defeat these tactics, and that is to remit all disputed issues to the proper tribunal, the Australian Parliament, and to content ourselves with calling into being a Parliament on existing lines. New institutions can be added as the people desire. The motto all down the line should be—"Create a " free Federal Parliament. Trust Aus- " tralia." Turning to the proceedings in the House, it may be remarked that Mr. Murray Smith would have done better if he had proposed to adopt the Hare system of proportional voting for the Senate instead of for the Assembly. We are not ripe for so large an experiment as the Assembly elec- tions involve, but the Convention desires that for the Senate the colonies should be each one electorate, and the Hare system could easily be applied in this instance, and would solve the vexed problem. The sugges- tion that there should be one Assembly member for each 30,000 inhabitants is a decided improvement upon the arti- ficial system of the bill, intended to keep a certain proportion between the two Houses. As to the vote in favour of adult suffrage, Mr. Isaacs pointed out that it has not the slightest chance of success in the Convention. The heaviest majority of the sitting was in favour of not reducing the proposed payment of members from £400 to £300 per annum, the labour members here rising to real eloquence; but it is not to be supposed that the handful who favoured the change will be taken to task by any constituents. But the House is dawdling far too much on details. It is not passing a bill. A Convention has been chosen to do that. It is only asked to state its views on important principles. The line of least resistance, the line which makes most for unity and the least of all for disruption, is plain. It is to adhere to our present constitution as much as possible, and whole new machinery is necessary to adopt that which is common to all existing federal communities—which has been tried by experience and not found wanting. We must concede equal representation to the states in the Senate, because this is the rule—because there is no instance of representation according to numbers known to the world in the federal council of the states. We must con- cede some money powers to the Senate, because full and complete money powers are given in all other instances. We must forgo any referendum in- tended to coerce the Senate House—or any other form of coercion—because such coercion is unknown in any federal or in any Parliamentary coun- try. If the people of Australia really desire these or any other novel pro- cedures—these absolutely unheard-of procedures—they can add them after- wards. There will be two Houses, each elected on the basis of manhood suffrage and one man one vote, and whatever changes and additions the people desire these Houses will in the nature of things concede. The pro- posal of today is to create two Chambers that will be free to give effect to the people's will, and a federal constitution should attempt no more. Ministers in the Legislative Council re cognise the error thej mule in allowing their supporters to go home first and taking a div tston on the bill for inspecting exported products afterwards Ministers knew tint the} had a majority for the second reitltng and thej knew that the majority was for heav-j alterations before the measure could be passed, ind the> preferred to drop the bill rather than work it through This w as their blunder Fortunately it is easilj lecttfied The Council merely decided that tlie bill should not " now " be read a second time, and, according to Parhamentar» prie tice, tins does not debar the Council from reading the measure a second time at am other period it chooses It is re uling a bill i second time that daj six months tint fatrlj kills a meisure-though, of course, it is onlj in peculiar cases-cases of error that it ts worth while attempting a revival of a once defeated proposil The Govern ment should non seriously consider how they will io drift the meisure The objec tion is strong to miking the Minister the solo arbiter as to lion butter is to bo branded and graded Ecidmg exporters 1 now i crj tv eil that no Gov crnment st imp em add a pennj per pound to the value of then butter in London If it is a second rite article it vi ill onlj fetch a second nte price, but the Government brand cm delude a shipment, for if there is the officul declara tion that the butter is " factor}," " mixed ' or " blended," it would be difhcult to mal e Toolcj street believe that tt has improved on the passige Put the Government brand on good butter, and all is done tint is legt limite m the present st ige of tho trade It lnsontgtown su ldtlhng clothe, and soon the Goicrnment will no more be ctiled upon to interfere with butter thin it is with wool The common object is to pro duee not niel el} good buttci in Victoria but the best, and in the wa» of educating the factory mmagcio and looking to the heilth and the lmptoicment of the herds, the state can just now lnidly do too much In all piobabihtj the Council will relive the bill, but there is no reason w hate» cr to ex peet that the monstious proposal that the Minister shall be left to gndc butter at pleasure will be acceded to The Couneil/it iiiaj be assumed, will currv out its on ginal majontj intentions - the more cspe etallj as it finds itself strong]) backed by the leading members of the tiudt The shifts and subterfuges to which 1, ic torian rcstnctionists ore foi ever rcsoitmg are cntei taming m the CNtreme Not con tent with figuie-jugglciv, they go to the pages of nn> of the magnvincb, and, wlench tug out Jtibt such selected pnssages as are suitable foi their pul pose, dchbetntclj and complelel} misrcpicsetit what is sitd h) the wliter quoted In the litest instante it is nu ffitiile in the Match 1 timm ' that has been v lctimieed A urtous passages were culled from that article and made to do dut) in fal our of the contention that 1 nglnnd s free ti ade policy has proied to be nothing but a delusion and a suite Yet in the htlf Bime at title we road that " \i wc look baik through tho tisti of this half century, and see in ictiuspect tlic situation as it tNisted in the dais ot Cobdtu and llue,ht, the uni »el is, not Hint Die) Mt» things us the) did, but that thei should have found it so heitiiletin a tas! to com mee the Lnglish people that fiee ti ade wns Hie onlv possible ivnv out foi them Me mat vol that the lindtd nuil 111,1 nul tul ni interests should have been strong enough to so long delaj it, foi the limit of ntl unit ural dntlopmcnt had long since been letithetl, and was pitiubl» in adequate to tilt dud) wants of the ptople " And this is the writer who is fotciblj dragged in to support the absurd conten tion that England acted umiiscl) m listen tug to Adinh Smith, l)riL,ht, and Cobden' Really, the temct ity of protectionist set ibes is refteshing Thej brou bl over free trade nnd protectionist pages nhke, lndiseiiniin atel) plucking out heie and theie sentences winch, ('ivotced ft oin the context, may be made to bolster up the moat ex tiavagant piotcctionint fiuiy talcs \nd occasionally thej come upon a vti-j hitter patch, to bo passed ovct with all haste lltrt, for instante, is nnotlior pas sago which thej met with in tho "I'orunt" aiticlt - " Vbsolu'c freo trido was ncccssati, not on)) to permit but to compel 1 ngland s tiiiimtfucttiieis to produce as chcnplv tis her poBsthlo competitors The results, as vii Com lue» «ijs, maumliccutli vindicate tim policy of 1810'' these mi the kind of nuki s who ure un hiBitntmgl) lind under contribution by our uiiBiiupiilous ustiictionists Distortion of statistical ucoulu is consistent!) folio»» td up by tustoiliou of the muuiuiir of whole magazine articles Veril), the cause which netcssitates such slinily methods of adi oency must be m a tottering state Spting influences bring out not onl) the T. ittle blossom and other bl loros, but also the subuiban ghost The local papers arc now noticing lus performances t_> thehorror of houselioldeis, who see a possible reiolt on the part of a pottion of their families J me or Susan would doubtless go to the theat s no ni tter -»»hat tenors had to be braved, but with a ghost about it is not so eas) to induce fliem to slip round the coiner to the chemist s The g'iost has gone ibroad al«o and is in gicat force at YYWrrnumbool where his jinks appear to he of the highest 1 ind The truth of the matter lins not been found out It is popularly held that each district has its ovni sill) )oung man, x\ith the stige pro perties of a white sheet, spring heels - which are unknown to the tnde-roller skates, and phosphorescent prepirations The theory is not incredible The Tng hsh itistic who lights a cindle m a scooped out turnip and places it ,in a local elim eli) ird is a tvpe of human nature tint repcits itself Others incline to the new that the ghost is i real ghost in that ne is a cieition of the imaginition-the mnginition of timid nursemaids and scarfed diniseln« This is certain, Hint start 'a Tantanooh tiger," and tho cieitine simms in the hush from the millee to the sen, and if one suburb las its ghost soon e»er) ill lighted locality puts in its claim The suburban constable is the man who should be Imp j) Tjsually his ltbours ric unapp cctuted, but he has now the pros peet of a hunt, with the certainty of warm commendation if he can effect a capture mid the prospect not of being disgusted with the lemenev of the magistcml sen tence but of surprise at its se» cut) liut m thiu matter of ghosts the local con stable is at once a sceptic and a c)mc \\\ ith Betsy Prig he is apt to exclaim, I ' don t belie» e there is no such person " Our S)dncv correspondent telcgriphe 1 list night- Loid Brasse» unveil in the Sunburn ti is morning from Melbourne During the dij he ins the guesl of the (jo vernor (A lseount Hampden) and tonight ho accepted the hospit thti of Ailnnril Budge His 1 xcelltnc) stitcs that he his come to this colony clnell) to hold a con feicnce «.»lib oilicerB of the mercntile minne upon the subject of the condition of the niercintile uni me ithelf, and the mer cantile m nine viewed from the btanllpoiiit of n iescr\c foi m inning the Ko» ii new Y conference w ill be held on hoird the Sun benn to inoirow An intention »»Inch Loid Brnssc) hid in ne»» »»len orrunge ments »»tie made for the preient tiip wau lo spend nilli laid) Brisse) 6ome time in cruising ilong the coast of the colon) to the Clnience Rncr Ihc untortunate ric citlcnt to Lid) Bnsse), ho»»ever, his for the present led to the abindonment of tins pirt of the programme His LncoIIchc» hopes tint this poition of his scheme will be eirried out »»hen the Convntion is en giged dciling with the Commonncilth Bill Ile mil íeturn to Melbourne this dening and mein»»hile the Sunbcim »»ill remain in S»dney Harbour, but mil not be m com mission dilling that time ' On the Legislative Council meeting )cs tcrdai, Sit Hcnr) Cuthbert gave notice of his intention to moic that the House should on luesdiy next rc.aohe itself into coimmltee of the whole to consider the Di ift 1 ederntion Bill In reply to a qucs tion put b) Sir llenr) A\ riNon, it was in titmted b) the Solicitor General that amendments should be proposed on the hill is it left the Convention He was una»»ire «»luther the imcndnlenta of the Assembl) on the mcintiie wetc to be remitted to the Council for appioval Mr M Culloch tnti muted Ins intention of ogun mo»mg the second leading of the 1 xport Products Bill to morro»», anti cipressed a hope tint there would be a full attendance of members on the occasion \estcrdi) s sitting of the Legislitnc Council »»as marni» occupied in considering the Metropolitan Bofitd of \\\ oiks Hill Sir llenr) Cuthbert mo» ed the second reading of the mcisuie in Ins custoinar) conciliatory btv le refeirmg to the issue between the outer and inner municipalities as a meic bigitcllc bardi) worth contending otcr Mr C J Ham took the lead in opposing the arnngement h) winch the outer mum cipahties were to be allo»vcd to slip too casil), as he thought out of a birgaiu into nbich the) hid loluntanl) entered Ile contended that a pirtncislnp hid been furl) created, and the outer municipal! ties, after sanctioning all the expenditure for a eompichcnsi»c sewerage scheme, should not seek to c»adc their due propor tion of icsponsibiht) His new was after wards suppoited bj Mr Pratt and Sir Ar tlltir Snow den v» hilo Air Bell, Mr Camp bell and Mr Mel»die spoke in favour of the bill us it htood Hie second reading was agreed to mid the measure was passed through committee On u test »otc being tal en on the rating question a substantial majority of nienibeis supported the bill as recen ed fiom the Aiseuiblj 1 tri» in the sitting of the legislative As_einbl) jestuda» the Yeting Pitnuer gue notice of his intention to mon that prn ile memhei s business on A\ edncsdav he suiiendeied to the fedeial uchite, nul that the House bit on Inda) also Hie litter piopos-il, he saul he would not insist on this »»eil if good pioguss was made v»ilh the conbi lei ilion of the Unit ltuctil Constitution in committee 1'cihips it was this pros) tot which put u dun iiciois the (load of till It did not of couise illett such numbers as Air \lilone», v hu w »s in his feet evu) few minutes bibbhng out his slnllowness on this gie it subject, but m my wiser men elfieed tliemselics ind good progiess »»us mide Ktsimiui' on the hist chume, dealing with the House of lvipiesentutnts, it ivns deiided to sub ititute foi the »»stem pioinlcd in the di ift bill i buns of one ripiescnUtne to < ich o0,000 of the ]io| ulttion, as Ino. been done in New South \» iles Hie minimum of live lcpiescnUtiics foi nn> btite »vus left untouched ultu ti i "imie.ii t, and one ulult one tote was alhimed Au amendment li) AU Moule, that the salaiy of incmbets ol' the federal l'n hument should be XjOU ?nstc iel of £400 a )iu, was lc.ictui b) ti large mujeril). Hie pi ohio dupinlifiing mt mini a ol tlie 1 tiki.ti lull uncut fiom bung appointed to the iiidititl benth v na to tint citent ttiuel out \\\ hen juo_.itvi »»ub n|oitid the loiniuitlee wits dilling with "the unpoitant chuoe ». eeilving the ligiblitivi ponda to le toni ired on the 1 edel il l'ai hument. Hie Iii use at »0 miiititis past U o elotk adjourned til) to do) Hie question of electing the rcpieienta tuca to the 1 ederul 1'ith munt b) Hares B)stein of picfeiintiil luliug was i used m the Léguai Hive Assembl) )c»tetdti) b» Mr Aluituy billilli, who submitted nil munni jnent Lo pioiitlc tint the) should be so elected «Y tiue bjbtcm of deinociac», he cuntended, lcquiiis tint all butions ol the comuiiuut) be lepiesentcd ¡ti l'lrliunieiit uceoiding lo then tiuinbeis f tlse deinoci it) lupines that oui) the uiajout) shill be le picbeuted Ho was able to point to the sueccis of the expeiuuont leeentl) tnel in the two lu gi st inistituenuis m lasmiiiiiii, »iliein it »« is dcihoiisti ited tint tho illtgcd coinplcv.it) mid dilhcultv of noil mg the (.»stem did not (Ntst that it was ensil) imderstooil b) c»ci) elector, und the counting of »otes was doltc asquickl» as in the oubliât» s»slem of election Ho also quoted John btiinit «Mills stiofig adioiu) of tho si stem, and In» niiswci to the objtc lions raise I ngiinst it Hie Yoting 1'iemiei did not cntei into the mu its of Hie qui« tion, but took the point tint, lioncici Mihi able the «.mum might be, it »»us still in the eNpeimicntnl »tage, and it would hi Hint less to lisle the Contention to hive it eui bodied in the* constituí tun, white, if onto established, It would he most dilllcult to uiuind Hie question was one winch should be kit to tho rodina) l'arliuiueut to decide li i lP VT1 " couM "* T-bodied it. a net of V irhnment, windi could be arat"drf at mi time in the usual »ia) The e wasnotfuitherdisc^^n/a^ mont was negitived on the voices the Di aft Commonwealth Constitution ro>.des for as nearly as possible a pZ? don being observed of tiro memberÄ House of Représentât.! ee to ««?£ member of the Senate Jl"s *u*%T with a view to the two llottsu beL £ quired to sit together to decide dLsputed points but as no such Provls,o" u contaiarf «tue bil the t»oto one proportion«,» présentât.»,, to senators loses ,ts ,,£ The Vssembl) vi as practical!) Mammon, u sinking out the elaborate quoti "1, «ton bv winch tins was accompa"J bat there vi-is eonsidcrible difference of «nunan as to hot» it should be replaced The letL» 1 teinter proposed th it there should be one jcpresentit.ve for everj 50 000 of the popu- lation. Mi Irvine proposed that then should be one for cicrj 30 000, and ih Mnlonei that there should be one for even 20 000 There tv is endentlj a large ma jontv for the medium proposal and it w-j, cirried Contingent on his former amend mont being earned the Acting Piemter had giv en notice of an amendment to reduce the minimum number of reprc. entât» es to be allotted to the smiller states from file to four Mr In me, follón ing up !"3 amend ment, wished to ruse the minimum to su but it was finallv decided to lene it und«! turbed at five a number which the smallest of the states have on the proportional bast, if there be one representatn e to cieh 30 COO of popuhtion The niimbcis 50 000 ind 30 000 as a popu htion basis for the election of eich mern ber to the federal House of Representatives were thestindards advocitcd bj the Ictitii Premier and Mr Irvine respective!» Jip Isaics said tint the 50 000 bists Ind beta put to the electors bt the Ministn and hid therefore been endorsed b\ the coun trj It v» ould mein a House of 72 inemb-rs, which would be urge ciiouiji for tin »iori. to be done, and quite large cnoucli for the people to pav Mr Irvine pointed out that t 50,000 basis would mean a return oí 23 members for 'N letona, so tit it Hie constt tuencies would bo about foul times the size of the present Asscmblj clectonles and this would give the mm of means an advan- tage in cinvissmg Hie basis he proposed would enlarge the constituencies to tutee the presint st/t, which was quite large enough if the piescnt character of the re. presentation was to bo preserved The question of pa» ment w is, a» Sir «linne! Giiffith hid said, a small considerition lav mg regard to the luge sums tint the fêlerai P îrli tment w ould lnv e to dispo e of and it could bo met, if necessarj, bl reducimc the amount proposed to be paid from £ loo per member to £300 or even £2o0 On the basis of Air Inine's amendment which ni earned, New South Vales vi ill hale 12 members, Victoria 33 Queensland 11 Soutli Austrilia 12, and Tasmania and Western Austnln five eich, or a total of 118 \lr Miloncy proposed the Swiss bists of one member to each 20 000 of popuhtion which v» ould give a House of ncirli ISO members, but this obtained little support The I edcnl Convention rejected Hie pro. posai to mai c the woman volo compulsan on cieh state bv 23 votes to 12 Hie ma jontj was composed of supporters of the principle who thought that it should U left to each state to decide for itself and direct opponents The Acting Premier stated this m the Asscmblj last night and ndded that there wis not the slishtfci chinee of having the adult v otc made a part of the federal constitution .Nevertheless, Mr Maloney siw nn opportnnitj to adler tise himself, and he persisted in an amend ment prescribing the adult vote to eien state as the basis for the House of Represen tntivcs His amendment was tarried by j large majontj, who voted in the cilm es pectition that the Sjdnoj Contention mil tike no notice of such a hollo»» demonstra tion Making provision for the future-Mr Trenwith -' I think £500 is little enough to piy the members of the Pederá! l\ir!i> mont " Chorus of labour members Ani so say all of us " Mr Murraj mide onlj one coiilnbutioa to the discussion of the ledern] Bill ia the Assembly list night, and it »\ is not oí I kind to enhance his reputation Iles re- marks had nothing to do with the cluiss before the chair, and his ide is sltoued » lamentable wini of coherence ltrst oí all, he said something about nnking i farce of federation, and about rushing tie hill through ' in the absence of the leidei of the House, who was ill" The reftrence »vis supposed to be to Mr Higgins who is laid up with lnfluenn, but Mr Murra» dil not ctplain himself further Itistnd of that, he wandered off into an unuitclli"ibls mumble, and stood at list looking vwintly nt the Chatrmm lhen another number rose to speak, and Mr Hancock lame round ind persuaded the member for Warnum bool lo leave the chamber Another personal cxplination was neces- sitated from Mr M Kenzie in the Iipala tivo Asscmblj vesterdaj through an esper sion cast upon Mr Silmon lu Mr Ibu, ni on Thursday last Mr M Kenzies »won is deieclnc, and he asked lir Salmon to reid seienl passages fioin ne»» pi¡ r re- ports of Mr Higgins s speeches mi 1 iU a passage from the report of the Come lUon debates Mr Higgins afteiuirtts n-sirtcd that a mitenal portion of tin 1 ist-quoted passage had been purposelv supprc-cei "d hebtondlj insinuated that Mr Salmon had taken advantage of Mr M Iven/ii s aflle tion to do n veil me in action without that members 1 now ledge Mr M lvtn/ic » * teidiv, in justice to Mr ¡salmon sail tilt member lind reid CNactlj tho e i orttou which he (Mr M Kciuit) icquistcd lui ii» read, so that if there wns an» bl line eine fur Mipptcssion it was ittachnbli t> lum nnd not to,Mr Salmon Hut Mr M lvinzic con- tended that the oiiubsioii of Hit li issaei "> question wus solelj owing to tilt f let tint it hld no belling upon tilt issue, and »a tliuifort quitt iiiilciiint In the Legishtuc Asscmblj »cstcnliv, Mr Mason naked the Mmisttr of L-utu whether ho w is anne that stinton, are in many cisco, deb in ed from tilt prmltS«0' outlining louis from tht bain«» H"ll< oiling to the fact that tht} nu in orreari tilth thtir lent and cousiquentlj una« get their leises from tht dipirtincnt Km, he iskcd, would the Munster, with '«" to assist bona fide settltis issue the lew» to the Savings II ink where» cr pricliealile, and nrranisC »nth that institution to iii Hi« the amount of an tars on ing te the dil «' ment from the loin vvlnth the hink misfit be nilling to (.rant on the sciunti offne lease Mr liest, in rtpli, sud Out «elec- tor) could not gtt the lines from the de- partment until thej hud compln.il »'H'T terms of the ltetnsc, espetiill) m rceartiw residence and pijment of nut Hut '»» department, at the request of the bl"»»« H".k Coinmtssiontis, would be pad to facilitate tint loan transition *1-Itl,e llT parution of the liase, which «">" °» ^ diiit.ou of an order fioin the fc-'^'X p iv meut of the arrears of nut out of ne proposed nth ance, be handed our tom» commissioners 'Hie clothing board under the T'-r0! and Shops \ct has finished its 1.hours «4 nrianged tint it» dtter.mnatious «lull «»' into foi te on Septtmbci U T'- "T tarj ha» been instiuitul to prepare a ^u man of the conclusions for publication this mil bt i cadi on baturdai Htjond the leecption of some fen of toiiespiiidence, tht membeis ol ti himeiitnij Stnnding Committee i ^ « nv s lestcrilaj tnnsatttd no pul sj ness, but silt with closed doors ,,"" tim pioposed narrow gauge hue «Matta to A\bitfield 'the «r- 'l ^i,,, ttned was from iMr $T-*?,:," JuU»\ "."ed the construction of tho «* £}'» importance to tho d.sluel, a^T T that the residents were I«-*1" " B ,,". guniantco foi a nuiroit t,aS < fldcd tho cost du!Ino.-^ 'mJ| ii,IPO Mi Kent. the -£»" , f old.a,ls,eNpla.mn«ti«t^;^iio.Uiud the quuntitj "f lb H"".'" , ", lnn ".ties, been staled ,.t 10 ""W^,0^^ Uho Con.iniBs.onti »''1^' " l'u,. hïl » express,..« the vie« ilüfe''s«' tcime of the net thi W">U,F c°"', e lulling Block ntccnaiiy K t"° ne,v I --iti». «:«*^X «f Tl'titTPomTen ! «¡íA'S,« to the cipitiUost of out, wouiu ii _ ^ ^.^ "mmlllal mc0_. ¡ the broad g ^mne^ow-ners in the metropolis will be "S in a statement which »vi« mid«, bvConrntsionerGilian it yesterdi,'*- m-cfc * o the Afetropohtan Hoi.d of Work. « to the cost of connecting houses with the Lrrrs «he bond Ina arraiiged to iVv al he materials at cost price and n il s bas. the cost of connecting a small wert a« s cottage will be aboiit £10 B» Z ttnig mi provision io. a bath or a sin', T li «nT nu he reduced to i little o»cr « Inreph toan ol.enat.on that it ,H be perhaps 12 months befóle the cit» prir v r«ct"PilH -red Commissioner fiX saul the engine« in chief expected that the c.t) sewer, »Votild be ready for use bj the beginning of neil »ear «.me alterations in the nil«ii time ,.ble" «i" come into opc.it.on on the 12th 1 A icirringcmcnt is to be nude of the Zim on the Sandringham hne, so as to SSberwiÎml ^reduction of another tim nulos Altcnt.ons on the Sl.cl íourac W en. le) dale, Rupantup lung til »nd Glcn InS ""^ ?*° '""I rf 30 Z Dons nuking an aggregate saving of 30 ^. irX P" annum A number of un,m T ""changes are to be mide on seve.al S£í "until hues A new time table book ¿ about to be i«sued, including ill the al The case of Smith v. Smith, which was heard in the Divorce Court yes- terday, threw an interesting light upon certain aspects of feminine char- acter, and especally illustrated what may happen to an ordinary humdrum British workman when he marries. Mr. James Smith was a paperhanger when he married Miss Amelia Blundell in the parish church of Leeds, in Yorkshire, on December 28, 1862, and lived on terms of the greatest happiness with his wife until a certain Saturday night in June, 1873, when he re- turned home to find the house locked up, and his wife gone. She left him a note dated from the ship Superb, then Iying in the Downs, observing that she was tired of married life, and was going to Australia with their eldest boy. The paperhanger, when he had saved up enough money for his passaage, followed his erratic wife to Melbourne, and induced her to return to him, but the matrimonial bonds did not sit lightly on Mrs. Smith, and she broke them by taking a situation as stewardess on board the ship Sobraon. Mr. Smith, wonderngm but still persistent, took passage by the same ship, and noted with anxiety his wife's friendliness with Bonnington, the saloon steward. When the ship reached England, Mrs Smith again disappeared, eventually returning to melbourne by the Sobraon and going through the form of marriage with Bonnington. The perplexed paperhanger made several more voyages be- tween England and Australia, with the ob- ject of recovering his wife's affection, but she remained with Bonnington until 1887, when he died. A decree nisi dissolving the marriage, which took place 35 tears ago, was granted. , The Pink of A ictom held its half icirl) meeting) ester la), when a ver) sitisfictor) report md balance sheet was submitted There »»is a sum of ¿50,797/fl/l to divide and of this amount the directors «et aside £10419 to be paid aw a) in dnidends to preference shareholders, it the late of D per cent per annum, the b dance, £10 3"S/9/3 to be carried foi w ard to next half y t ir lour 10 pel cent instilments had been pud oil the deferred deposits when the bal mee sheet ins made, and on the lilli Juh a tittil pj)ment, at the rate c1 "Oper cent, nts mide Hie chiirman announced that the board intended pur ming the pola?) of paving off the defeired deposits as quicl 1) as posbihle, though, of courte the holders of this Block wcie not, too nnuy to le paid off, as the) were get ting 41 per cent, and the btock was it a premium in the market \ hope was ex ?pressed that the bank's ordinary share- holders »»ould soon be able to once mole «yoi a duldend though, c»er)thing con tulered the generil bod) of proprietors up peared to be well satisfied with the progieas the bulk was mai mg The le» Dune in Tr user, Pie&b;) terian mun tci of Heidelberg wi otc to the Presb» tei) of Milboiirue «North )csteid i», tendel lug his resignltion of Ins chirge, is fiom the en 1 ot the »t ir, and asl nig that he be llateil on tin liilnm Minutéis 1 lind He admitted tint In was not mliriii, but ho wih oier70)eit-s of igt and he recognised tint )f the .arish-»»luth «xs not so llounshing as -a )tars igo-vv is to be wotked sucios lull) a lounger min should be assigned to Its clnrge Hie ic«ignution w is accepted, and the congrcgition of Hndelherg w is eitel to iipcn bifoie the Ptcob)ter), at lieu nii"ctui" in its iiitetoatia Mint the writer characterises us ' \n Fuel «'i liait is drawn attention to b) Mu« 1) in ii ttei to the 1 i.ndon Dill) Tclrvit li of lune 2j He sue, - Hitie »ras a loteuortli) incident connected with thi rietnt Jubilee telibi mons which, with »our permission 1 would like to emphasise Hie «cine was at Ludg ile Hill Lp to the time of the religious cn cinc.ii» at fat Pauls there»» is the usuil siuntl of a gre it multi tucie ia tin »uici of min) w iters, hut no foonrrdiJ the sacred oihec bein thin, in in HUstint ever» nuns held was uneo\eied. Olid the must peifeet stillness pie» uled, st) that the piavcrhial diopping of a pin might haie been liiarl, and thin impres i\t be ha» mur of the crowd continued till the list tillable of the Benediction mis ultertd 1!) man) tins will be coiisideied not the le ist rtmirkiblo incident of the luspietou da) Arrancements hale been made hi the lVtil diptitmeiit to open additional Ule phoin hine tus at iNoith Willi inistown, Moonie Bonds, 1 itzro), mid Collingwood Whilst lodging at the Commercial Hotel, Fhzibcth street on the 15th of Apnl list, binan! Walter Ilindiiuin, a billiard marker, no»» usiibtig at Cumber»» til, lost his ml» cr witch and gold (ham with pen ilant alt lilted and not bcin" able to lind them biought an action ni the County Court hit month c1 ninnie, the value of the artilles from tin licensee, Muggie Mmpli) the eise was undefended und u verdict foi the amount dinned, with costs, was given for the iluntiil feubsequentl) ludge Hamilton sit the judgment aside, on the Broun 1 tint the détendant bid not been Mried with i summons, and was not awaie that the action was coming on \esteida) the iliintiir renewed the suit Hie pnu ci|al defence was tint the defendant was hot the piopiietor of the bott! It up peared tint although the defendant was tioitiunll» Ure licensee she mcrtl) managed the business on Inhalt of the estate of hoi ilcct isctl biskr Yftei hearing the endenté, dtidte Uiomli) on the ground that the de iciidiint was uni) managing the hotel, non railes! tin plaintiff but without costs Ali ."..»'"»""«nppiared foi the plaintiff, and Mr ,Y ¡shinnei (instructed b) jMr dames M Kian) fur the defendant Jiirors summoned in connection with the iliibourne lieneral Sismons need not at Und the Criminal Cotut till half past 11 tua moinini. as Judge Aiolesuoith, the Cuatrmm of the session», will he engaged lor tin i rttcding hUUr in the Metropolitan "censing Court Y ruined decision affecting rntepn)crs W8 gue i m the Count) Couti )cstei"dti) in orase hurd li) ludge Onunt on 1 nilli) (list H V'V1'1 ,u "p1"»»»» '»l«< *>> the tins Z,,°, nSt x ",'.""' tl,l,Kl1' Mill»o>'iue, astinbt ti«. Welbourne Cit) Council A block of land «t the corner of I habet li ian , V "rH ' Btrci-t8 »8 .Cl""-'* »oin the }T..ua b> Mv^n Andrew Kerr and Co lor three »eira at uti annual rental of £1W » t!," "i ? I*01««.*- )'}nl ful tunbir, und Í, a"??udai u> « 1'ieUet fenn but has Sa.. I '¡i"-" ?," " ?""-? «moition ut issue a» ihethtr tins piece of lund was bene call) oicupuHl, "",1 thu8 to ,JC laU(1 at lumJl^,","!e,»11,u>,»l Milne, ot whether it was ¿SmÍiS. fe¡". v" ?t«PnP'tnl »"lue, ""de, Hut . ,í I f ,Vct *So ,173 11,a llu"0"r '"?''» that tile I nul was bmthciill) oeeupn I,' J d ri-duccal the viluntion boin i¿!t) (0 (»ttl« èL.c" ltfl caf"*ï* "«'"O *o ¿1^. AM wn ns7"IBt tl,0i .c't» Connell IL MArl,llur. («intiuctcd b) Mr i: A ¡twei«lil xr. Uo\in,,V1 Mr Ciissoii m «S'nKi---^ G««,.» <.nt ^UtU ' .."?. I'"" Petitioner hill.« Ä n.U|1Ko«'u,U>, .,'»- l-etitione. wls litdrT ",.18W' ttml ."-}«. wcie ilux-o Z to u. »Atni.n nn,n,cd. 1,c»0f. l-wf*"« "tth ti.T f"d00tor '!"d »JMiotlst, lodijed S i) !) II m n'"8 C° Y '".i""8 ",tU,,UlíU vlciou. nr.ir.1 '-i i""ll'c\» Iweomln« SHS ISïtt iW p«nl-eyifalloiied lum, and has , ~ ?w« iaiuiKü «bout her chUdwu. IMr Justice Conollv, in granting a decree nisi, said it was so mngulni that the woman should leave a respectable home that it looked as if there wns hvpnotism m it Counsel for Sankej added that it was under stood 1 rev or and the woman were living m destitution Mr Edward Lo Lievre, late of Brown's terrace, Ascot» ile, gentlcmin, who dit J on the 14th of full lrst lett n will dntcd Much 12, ISM. tjcqucithing his propertj to his nidon during life or widow hood, and after wirls to lis children A alue of icaltj £'8J0, personalti, £445 Mrs Arm» tige of Como, South Yarra, has kind!» offeied her giottnds for a fete in mil of the Church of 1 ngland Jubilte 1 und, and it Ins bten decided tint the function slnll tal e pi ice some time in October V prchmmui» meeting of the lidies vi ho are interesting theniselits in the fete will be held m No 10 room at the tonn hill, to inonovi morning, it 11 o clock Hie /list of the chenp evcursions orgi tmed bi Messis Wiliiimson ind Musgioie in order to ilford conntiv residents an op nottiinit« of uitneising The Sign of the Ci oss at the Princess s Thtatre, w ill l"iv e llenthgo to du, at 2 o'clock tilling at Cistlemnne and Kjneton Return ticl ets from Bendigo intliiding idmission to the stills, w ill be issued it tile cNteedingl» Ion nte of 11 0 fiel ets vi ill be anil »hie for one month though for the convenience t those who so desne it, the special trim »»ill return to Bendigo to night ata quii ter to 12 The last In o nights of " V Riv cr Mv sterj ' arc announced at the Queen s Theatre Tie lion secrelir» of the last Does SI elter Viarlton crescent St Kilda desires to acknottlcîrtû tie filliuine; s il scrlptions -Mr îtortott °nm (a 1 lack cat) 1/ Tile report of ti e rodoni Institute of lecounts tthlch ins pu! lis! etl jestcrliv »ins li mistase ' mide to appeir as n nioctini, of the Institute of Accountants tihicli is quite a distinct organisa tion The Chief Justice bas accepted the position of president of the Ljtic Orchestra The »t lohn lmbulincc Issocntlon innounces Hat a nursing class tvill le ennui encrel sh rtlj in ' the Town hall l'rihran bj Mi s IliHinar Uhiineu »I cstliun streit I ast St I ildi and ti it an enn ination on lim a d «ill I c 1 old on 1 nda» th nth inst at a q arter i ist 1pm at Miss S Hate! eil Hroun s school flic I rior» »Ima road et Ml h liiction siles are odtcrtised to 1 e held to dar as feulons -Hissr» ( ennnell Tucson an I Co | ro I rt» at ilaiitliom »Icssnt Heaucl inn Hr s nil Vlr I A »ii! furniture \les.rs H it lee uni Ci I nrdressers stocl le t Ibliotsford »Jc-asrs Sid ncj C Arnold and Co bool s TO D4>. S \RR.\INGrMr\TS Presbitcn of Melbourne Noith -Ad journcd Meeting, Assemblj hall, 10 i m Ruin jj Stinding Committee, Parliament house, 11 a m Old \ge Pensions Commission, Parlnment house, 11 i m St James Building Soctctj, 0 St Tames' Buddings, Will am stiect, 12 noon Legtshtive Assemblj, J 30 p m Legishtiie Council, 4 30 p in \\\ omen s Hospttil, Annual Meeting, Town hall, 4 20 p m St Pauls Ctthednl-Ktensong (choril), al 4 -15 p m denice, Stamei in 13 flat anthem ' Blessed be the Lord God ' (Sternd-U» Bennett) Rojul \ncht Club of A letona, Mouthlj Meeting Stock rxclnnge, 8 p m La»r Courts-Sec Law Notices, page 5 Auction Sales -Sec Abstract, pate 2 