H.M S. Revenge, Rear-Admiral Harris, Flagship of the Division of the British Mediterranean Fleet off Crete Flower Lore. (Written tor the "Town and Country Journal.") These facts and fancies may not make flowers fairer, or sweeter, but they throw a glamor over them that we oan iii afford to loee in this work-a day world. From distant ages the legends of the snowdrop como to us, not the snowdrop of Aus tralia, with its green tipped petals, but the grace ful, snowy, droopiug, -flower so beloved In early spring, in England. It was sacred to the Virgin Mary, and In all old monasteries, and nunneries, the gardens are clustered with snowdrops. On Candelmas Day, February 2\ this flower is supposed to blossom for the first time; and on this day the Virgin is said to have taken the Christ child to the Temple for the first time, thus the flower is cail'led "Fair 'Maid of February. Another legend runs: When Eva was weeping in the Garden of Eden, a great snow storm covered the earth with a spotless veil, after the fall of man, and au angel bent over Eve in her.-sorrow, and said, "Be comforted" as he:" touched a .snowflake before it roadbed the ground, saying to it "Be a bloasom and make fair the earth again." Eve loved it all the more that lit came to her in her desolate days. Tho angel vanished, . singing, This is an earnest, Eve, That sun and sunshine soon sluill.be, leaving a ring of snowdrops growing where he : last stood1 on earth. A German professor gives the word "schneetrop fen" os the original of snowdrop, saying that the flower was named from the oblong opaque white pendants so much worn lin the sixteenth century. Snowdrops are usually looked on as death tokens, although fast becoming favorites for wear and deco rations. Narcissus, or daffodils, have always been flowers of delight and merriment ever since the days we call "dark ages." The story of the beautiful youth who looked in the fatal mirror-like pool and fell. in love with himself is. well known, and is not without a moral now-a-days. Perchance, a modem young man would be so horrified with his reflection, high collar, top hat, stick, "and castiron outlines, that he might commit suicide. The violet hos as many sweet memwirsnnd quain i legends s.s should make sa modest a flower b'uish,. and hide still further under Its shady leaves'. Some folks think a violet is a tiresome thing, that hang.-? its head so that the stem, may break at the ie-ii-u touch. As a rule, everyone loves violets; they are so pliant and adaptable, that there is no time or place they cannot beautify.. The actress Clairon had a lover wiho for thirty-seven years sent her a' bouquet of violets every morning, which devotion "so pleased her that she made violet tea of them, and drank it daily. Violets are tiny and fragile, but sentiment, graceful, dainty, and fragrant, clings to them, and never fades. There is a. myth that a-nymph of great loveliness ran away from Apollo, and, to elude him, she was changed into a violet. A modest purple, violet was chosen, so that, al though she lost her beauty, she gained in worth and sweetness. Another legend says: Ion is the Greek for violet, and when Jupiter turned Io.into a white heifer, he caused violets to spring up as the only herbage fit for her. As a poet says: . . ' We are violets Mue,'. \- For our sweetness found Ewrl'lest in the morniing shades. Love's dropped eyelids and a kiss, Such our birth and blueness'ta; . Io found us flrst, aral the -sward when sh© For 'hunger stooped In tears, ' Wheresoe'er her lips she sots, . Said Jupiter, lbe; breaths called violets. Violets are great - favorites lin the East, and as a flavoring nothing excels them. Mahomet" once re marked: "The excellence of violets is as much above all other essences as the excellence of Me is above all the rest of creation." - Violets dipped in sugar are eaten as sweets, and in some places they are consideed a cure for consumption. Pliny said that a crown of violets was a certain cure for dizziness and headache. At the floral games in Toulouse in the fourteenth century a golden ' violet was given to Ifae best poet. In Athens the ;, violet was set up as, a symbol everywhere. The ' Romans made a drink from these flowers, which caused .a state of exaltation. The violet was the hadge of the Bonapartists, partly chosen because Napoleon said, before going into exile, "I will re turn with the violets," and adso bearing in mind that violets ara emblems of constancy. Violet ls for faithfulness, Wini ch in une shall abide, said our great" grandparents' when they gave each other flower tokens, and this I.s a custom not to bo despised by us. The bramble or blackberry bush has many curious legends attached to it, most of them connected with clerical matters. Some say it was the veritable burning bush in which Jehovah appeared to Mosesi; others that it made the Crown of Thorns. On certain unlucky days the devil was thought to interfere with blackberries,; malting them "taboo" to all humans. As a medicine, the bramble was considered a good cure for serpent bite; while the moistened leaves put on a burn or inflamed part, cure it. This incantation had to be repeated three times to each one of nine bramble leaves fresh from spring water, POSSES being made with the leaves from the diseased part. There came three angels out of the East; One brought fire andi two to nought frost; . Out fire and In. frost; In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen. Another cure for blackheads is to creep three times from east to wast through an arched root. An Irish story runs: "One day in 'the lifetime of St. Patrick, one, Honor Garrigan, picked eome black berries during fast tdme, and ate them, in spite' of lier servant boy's remonstrances; in a moment sihe became ravenous and. ate the boy and the horse. Before she could eat the congregation of the church near by, St.- Patrick shot her with an arrow, into four pieces.1 She was buried, St. Patrick saying. "Till nine times nine shall croas this stream you will lie still, when that happens you will devour all before you, and die of it." ?" Clover-quaint, fragrant clover-comes fromi tha old Saxon deafer.. Hope is depicted in ancient sculptures by a clover leaf; and in ecclesiastic archi tecture we find the clover leaf continually represent ing the Trinity. The British Druids held the plant in great repute, and used it as a charm against evil spirits. "Some lads and lassies,'' says a writer,-"use twcwleaved clover as a diviner' A clover, a clover of two, ' Put 'lt dn your fight shoo; The first young man. (or woman) you meet . In field, street, or lame, You'll have 'him (or her) or one of his (or 'her) name. Of course, we all believe in the luck of four-leaved clover; wiho has not looked in vain for the little quartre foil leaf, whispering, half ashamed, If I can find a four-leafed clover I'll see my dover ere the day is over. A pretty legend comes from Cornwall. "A maiden milked a cow which was enchanted, though she knew it not, and to lessan the weight of the over '.- full bucket, elie laid clover on her head. Imme diately there appeared scores of fairies, who eagerly drank the milk ¡they could get at." "Ah," said the farmer's knowing wife, "you put a four-leaf ed clover on your head, and that enabled them to be seen." The dahlia is first heard of in 1651; not again till 1790. It was named after Dahl, a Swedish .botanist. In 1789 it came to England, but died out, 'but in 1814 it was so well cultivated, in Franco that it created quite a sensation. Carnations, these fragrant beauties, was spelt <by old writers "coronation," because its flowers were used for chaplets. In the reign of Edward III., Chaucer says that carnations were called clove .'gillyflowers, or gelofre, and put in wine to give a spicy flavor, hence called "Sop-in-the-wine." Indian cloves were expensive, and carnations cheap. Daisies are the daintiest of bright flowers, es peclálly the lowly single flower. Two or three heroines contest the honor of being transformed into a daisy-one to avoid a lover, another as re ward for her virtues, &c.; A queer but prettily expressed idea is that ii "you omit to put your foot on the first Bpring daisy, daisies will grow over you, or someone dear ta you, before the year ds out." Daisy roots boiled In milkers most drying; and, Bacon says, "maketh dogs' 'little." Daisy roots placed under the pillow in 1696 gave dreams of the beloved-why not in 1897. 