THEY SAY That a certain huntsman got a verbal dressing down from a certain broker not so very long ago that he is likely to remember until his dying day. That every mine is mismanaged which does not pay dividend-}—to the manager. That when in Melbourne C. C. Cornish initiated Bishop Goe into the mysteries of lacrosse, and found the Bishop quite a jolly little chap aU round. That the same j jvial Civil^servant while visiting the Cabbage Garden went to a horsetamers performance, and, accepting an invitation into the ring, put one of the recently tamed horses through his facings in a manner that earned for him the reputation of being a confederate in the show. That a yoong man who was seeing a girl home one recent cold evening waxed very sentimental in the corner of the tram, and asked the fair one if she knew what was near* sb his heart. " Really I can't say," replied the damsel, " but in this cold weather I should think it very likely it was a flannel vest." He has never smiled since. That the Rev. Charles Strong, of Melbourne, has been reminding the Queen that she has been very generously treated by the empire in connection with her Diamond Jubilee, and that so far she has only responded with condolences to the survivors of the ill-fated Aden. Strong points out that Her Majesty has drawn over twenty-three millions in salary, but that while her private and secret benevo'ence may have been great her pub'ic gifts have been email. Plucky pais m ! That Captain Guise must have felt very uncomfortable while His Royal XXX Buxton was pompously rating Catt and Cummins for doing that which the Captain had requested them to do. That the ghost of old John Dunn must be walking uneasily as the result of the knowledge that one of his grandson's has composed a musical comedietta, and that a performance of the same, in theatrical style, has taken place in the said grandson's house. That Treasurer Holder will be very glad when the end of the month arrives and Parliament adjourns. King Charlie's presence is much required to check the exuberances of Grainger, Solomon, and Co. That in the old election days in the South-Easb a man who professed " Liberal" opinions had a very bad time of it, inasmuch as the whole of squatocracy was up in arms against him. The late Judge Stow was at one time a candidate in that part of South Austral ia, and when he was not boo hoo'd "?own he was assaulted by a shower of eggs of ancient quality. His offence was the advocacy of the selec tion of land. Some of th weather beaten squatters South-East wards sigh for a return of the " good o-d times." That Duncan & Fraser had some thing to do with the introduction or manufacture of the first bicycle seen in South Australia. That the employes at a dairy factory have cut off their moustaches so that there shall be no evidence against them when they have been applying their mouths to the cream pans. That George Riddoch's excuse— " Pressing business and other matters" —for not attending the declaration of the poll at Narracoorte was rather thin. That the Moonta cricketers intend to invite Stoddart's cricket team to their town to play a game on the new oval they are providing. That Export Produce Mau Ebiy, had evidently been maturing his little plans fur leaving the Government service for some time, and that he will probably earn a bigger salary now that he has left the State dep u-tment. The whole affair seems to have been a storm in a teapot. That the parson of a suburban church will not allow his new organ to be used uutil it has been dedicated, yet a new platform or the choir is being used without any dedication. Why make this distinction 1 That family love was recently evi denced not a hundred miles from Ade laide by a brother putting the bailiffs into his sister's house. 