? What price the names of some new M.P's. on prospectuses. Moran was once a school-teacher ; now he is the school-master abroad surely. The Geraldton Telegraph "toys" lightly and blithely with the wabbly Walter James. It would be a wise thing for the labor vote to say what reform in the mining laws it is prepared to support. Mr. Throssell, the new Minister for Lands, is unfortunately deaf. But it may not be uufortuna e sometimes. There are only three definite candidates fur Geraldton, and they are Messrs. Spalding, J. H. Simpson, and Thompson. After the coming elections for the Upper House, the Hon. J. H. Taylor will represent the bucolics of Northam, York, etc. There is no doubt the residents of Coolgardie, if they vote solid, can return the representative for this constituency. " And I hope to convince you that I am the man j'ou want in Parliament." Hope springs eternal in " Smiler's " chest. Captain Oats says he intends to go into the House as an Independent member— another man on the barbed-wire fence. Whatever carping critics may say, it is plain that the Premier has a greater grasp of the colony's affairs than any other man in it. " Let us have an opposition—a dignified, resolute opposition—not a pack of yapping political mongrels who can do nothing but yap."—Prideaux. Hugh Mahon, candidate for North Coolgardie, has made a statesmanlike proposition in the suggestion that the Menzies railway should be constructed by day labor. " The e'ectors should select the perienced, the brave, .and the far seeing, those with knowledge, and those who have some faith in the colony."—Sir John Forrest. Cr. M'Kenzic will face the music to night. He is not an orator, but he has a lot of hard sense—the trouble being, however, that it is all at sixes or sevens, and never seems to fit Why do certain papers persist in naming Mayor Macdonald as a candidate for Coolgardie. He has never announced himself as wishing to join the cherubims of Barrack-street. From present lists there is only one candidate each for Ashburton, Bnnbury, De Grey, Fremantlc, Irwin, E*st Kimberley, West Kimberley, Nelson, Plantagcnet, York, and Williams. G Waitc. the labor nominee for Northeast, Coolgardie, is " glad to see that the Premier intends to bring in so many liberal measures." " In his speech Sir John .had decided for the people." Toby Barton is the " leader of the House " in the Federation Convention, and most of the members are said to see the ghost of poor old Sir 'Enry standing behind Toby and looking sadly envious. J. P. Dempster is a sample of fossil the fields have to contend against. He says we have plenty o£ water, and there is no need for the Government's big scheme. He must think wc arc desert lizards. Our old friend Larry Goodrich has issued his address to the electors of Wellington, and therefore it may be presumed that he has received the benediction of St. John, and Oh ! what penance he performed to get it. 1 Tasmania's ten Federal Convention deb gates are mostly the old familiar crowd : Fysli, Braddon, Dobson, Henry, Lewis, Niek Brown, Grant, Adye Douglas, Moore, Clarke, and Clarke is said to be a deuce of a Demo crat. Is is very funny to see a lot of grown men running all over the country with outstretched arms and crying, " Take me, I'm better than any of those other fellows. Take me in I" Then with a wink, " And I'll take you in." M. F. Cavenagh, who iB standing for North Perth, is an Adelaide architect who has crossed " the Bight." He used to play his llute at the A.N.A, meetings, and now he burns to . beard the Bunbury lion in his Legislative den. A statutory wage for miners is the bait some candidates are fishing for votes with. All right, count us in, if there is also a statutory wage for editors, and reporters, and grocers, and hospital nurses, and everybody —especially the nurses. At Southern Cross on Thursday night, good old Captain Oats said he was going to avoid all personalties in the election and conduct it in an agreeable manner, Then he proceeded agreeably to call Isidore J. K. a—well a purveyor of mis-statements. "Perky little Shenton, President of Westralian Leg. Council, has gone 'Ome ' on his own' to the record-reign celebration. He is the ' record' capital-city Australian Mayor, having 11 times filled the civic chair of Perth."—J. A. Archibald. The Kalgoorlie Labor Electoral League intends to run a candidate in opposition to Mr. C. J. Moran, and a preliminary ballot will be taken for the selection of the candidates nominated, viz., Mr. R. F. Norman, ^contractor for buildings, and 51 r, John Marshall, agent. A. Lovckin, manager of the Perth Morning Herald is now suggesting that he should be asked to stand for West Perth. He used to do the law reports for the Adelaide Advertiser. If he should persuade the electoA to hoist him in, he might adopt as his motto— " From pencil to Parliament." Mr. J. W. Peryman, the " cost of living and mining regulations amendment candidate," will address the electors at Mount Maguet tQ-night. He has a large following, and is one of the pioneers of the field. He is also a large speculator in the district, and is essentially a mining candidate. The Queensland Ministerial delegation to the foot of the. Throne will consist of oldman Hughey himself, one wife, one son, three daughters, and Tommy Byrnes. Specially-prepared apartments on board the magnifieent Barbirossa will accommodate the party. The British money-lender will perceive that Queensland hns indeed turned the corner. Oat of the 10 members elected to represent W.A. at the Federal Convention, six are natives of the colony, three are natives of England, and one a native of Ireland. The oldest W.A. representative of the Federal Convention is Sir James Lee-Steere, who will complete his 67th year in July next. The youngest is Mr. James, whose 34 th birthday occurs this month. " The North Coolgardie electorate is a very pretty little tract of country, as will be understood when we mention'that it runs from the Yalgoo electorate on the west to the S rath Australian border on the east. It contains such important mining centres as Menzies, Goongarrie, Niagara, Monnt Margaret, Mount Malcolm, and a doten others of greater or less importance."—Henries Miner. The S.A. Slngle-taxers pnt op three Federal Convention candidates, and the three brought up almost the extreme tan of theprooesslon ; they couldn't gst absolutely ie tail, for that place was occupied by; the deceased George A«h. The best Singletaxor couldn't muster 1,700 ' votes against Kingston's 34,000. Judging -by this and the results in the ottier provmoes, the Bingle-tsx colt -Is dead and buried, and forgotten and bnsted and gone to rain generally (says the: BuOetto). •. - i? 