ITJtiMS ; OP NEWS. ;. '-The caso, in which tlm young man Charles John Hall is charged with tho murder of his wife Minnie HhII, at Eaglehawk, was continued in the local Supremo Court yestsrday, and Si voml wit nesses were examined. A wax fiuure, represent- ing the deceased as she was found in tho tub, was brought from Melbourne, having been mudo by Mr Douglas, of the Waxworks, in Bourke- street, under the supurvi-ion of Detective-ser geant Dungey, It was cast from nature, the sub ject being a young woman in a condition similar ';o that in, which Mrs Hall was said to be at tho time of her death. The figure was brought up in two parts in a big case, and Mr Douglas was at work from midnight on Tuesday till half-past four o'clock yesterday morning in putting it together and fixing it into position in tho tub. During yesterday afternoon tho wax model wns ; brought into Court (which was cleared for tho : time being), and examined by the jury. j A truck attached to the 4.10 p.m. train from Castlnmaine to Maryborough became derailed at Campbell's Creek yesterday, and, strange t<> say. a couple- of trucks on tho train, due here from Maryborough at 7.35, were also derailed last | evening. Tho passengeis by the latter train wero brought to Castlemuine in cabs, at the | request of Mr Southoy, the stationmaster, and the trains to Melbourne and Bondigo were con sequently not delayed so long in departure as they otherwise would have been. The derail ments occurred where the line . is. being re- graded. - 7. '"'.-:7V : .The annual meetings' of the Castlemairie'Hos- pital aridr Benevolent . A'syluni'vpVbs'hold .-'this., afternoon. . ... .... - V-U ' -!'' Th6 principal - witness I at the Suprorqe' -C/iurb yosterday was Eva Scott, who added, some sbn-, :satinnal , particulars ! . to the -(evidence sjiq f liiul' Igiven at - the Police- Court investigation 'and "at the first trial at Bendigo. .Slie stated, in.'answer to the Crown -Prosecutor,' "that' Hall told.licr- on one occasion that his wife suffered from cramps, and that ; when she had Vfit -.oflthcse lie-would put her in a tub and no/rone would have the slightest: su8X>icion. The/ivitnessV also-sworo 'that Hall had said he fcouffl: riot liyo; with his. wife owing to tho life she was ieading;him. Hu asked Scott to ipurcliiiso-ihim /s'imic' strychnine, which he said he would pitt-'iii J some tinned .fish and give to her. .AVitnessisaid to iiini t'l can get it," but explained that she hod said this meroly iri jest.7 Sho;did.not knpw whether Hall had said what' he.<'clid: in futiV : After,the dcnfch, Hall . always asserted thiib' he was innocent. " Do you give this ffMh"- evidence 7 out - of revenge ?" queried Mr Hyett/iri cross-examina tion.. "No;", replied the iiritness.; "I have reason ; youj.didi'not consider ime in the Bon digo Supreme s Court ; iiojv I; Have to (consider myself." " '1 . ' ' :Tlie funeriirof the late Mr! John WL'Wlrinney, of Lauristo'n, took' ;:jjlaco;?yestefday,'- and was largely attended.;;-- Fifty .vehicles, followed the hearse and:' mourning poachari'd amongst those present were several .'residents - ' of Custlcmairio 'and Chewton, wherothedeccased/'was well: known. Tlio rcmains.were buried-iri the Chew- ton Cemetory, and 'the burial service wiis read by the Rev Hume Robertson. , . . . ... : DepJbitdrs in the ' Castltmaiue branch .of/tho Savings ; Bank are reminded by - advertisement .of tlie-annuiil inspection of/ pass-books pn |the 5th andBth/Augujt./: ; .77,7 - ;'7 /7; 7 :77(> The Secretary bf.th'e Foundry- Bmd . acknow ledges, with thanks, ' the receipt of the follow ing donatipiin .aid .of/ tho .instrumeiit/ fund : — Dr De'n t'o'n-F ethers, £l Is ; Mr C. .'Green-' sides, 10s!6d.7;; " . "77 7 .7 777 : On Tuesday "night" %e'7friftnigh.ily.eritertaiiij mbnt in', tlie, ; Free ? Library, iitV Wesley Hill «.as !well-attended,/arid the concert; proved ..very, eii- joyablo; i..Mr Hf /Bradbury/ presided, and songs were capitally rendered by,tlie blisses J. Kayo, E. Shernuih, i'Mayl'" Pry or, and Cooper,1 and Messrs h. Fletcher and H. M'Grath, Recita- tions were'cleyerly Riven/by'Mr F; .Taylor (and Master/F. Kiya There'ntertainmerit coricluded with a Ecreamjiig farc'o, : '(The Suburban Ghost." \- So far Vthe iiheii who/ wero in the " Central Bbulder' :mirieat;Xalgn6rliewhenthe, dynamite was_burnt are fairiy well, but the- managers, Messrs Kearnan.and Hen wood (who formed the rescue party;- tied the -men in the:-bucket, and (then climbed the ladders to the surface), are ''experiencing a good deal of disc rinfort from in haling, the fumes. The two miners at the bottom of.,_the shaft r were, insensible when -res cued. Itlwill . riot ibe ; known .for.a day or so .whether fataj results will ensue.- "Vyhere is the cry for the land tax;? Dead I Where is . the cry for the state bank ? Dead ! Eyorythirig that .the, Minjstry proposed is dead, except this one cuckoo cry of federation." — Mr Hancock on Federation.- . Their Royal Highnesses, the Duke and Duchess of York, ;; who. will visit Ireland next month, intend . to remain a month .in the island. ;7; 7 , 7 ',7; 