S T. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. THE OPENING CEREMONY. (Continued from Page 11.) THE SERMON. . At the conclusion of the Anthem of the Day, the Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z. (the Most Rev. Dr. Redwood, S.M.), delivered the sermon from these words :—" This is the victory which overcometli the world—our faith."— (John v., 4). The preacher said :—These inspired words of the Apostle St. John seem appropriate to this grand and unique celebration. Whenever the mind of man stands in the presence of some great event, some vast result, some splendid achievement, it is invariably led by its own nature to seek out an adequate cause for that event, result, or achievement. Thus, in the presence of the sublime spectacle of the starry heavens the astronomer sought for centuries,, with patient, untiring observation, siudy, and calculation, to discover the cause of the harmonious and majestic revolutions of the stars in their respective orbits, until at last he jubilantly found it in the worldwide and all-pervading force of gravitation. Comparing small things with greater, I, too, have asked myself what is the adequate and final cause pf the erection of this noble pile—this splendid structure to the honour and glory of God ? To my mind undoubtedly that cause is your faith. This great cathedral of St. Patrick, the architectural pride of Melbourne and Victoria, now brought to so advanced a stage of completion, stands a glorious and enduring monument of your faith. Accordingly, my theme this evening shall be Christian .faith ; but, at the outset, I must limit and define my subject. 1 am addressing you, not on the nature and properties of faith, not on its necessity, not on its duties, but on its victories. " This is the victory which overeometli the world—our faith." No doubt the truths believed by faith are sublime and beautiful, and admirably adapted to all the needs of-man ; and I would fain have time to set before you in grand outline that gigantic structure of Catholic dogma, compared with which all the noblest creations of human genius on religious matters sink into insignificance. I have often compared the productions of unaided human reason in regard to our origin and destiny with the intellectual fabric reared by God, and the effect on my mind has invariably been this : I seemed to behold a vast field covered with sorry hovels, huts, ruins, unfinished and distorted structures, and in the midst of all a stately temple of marvellous proportions and incomparable beauty—Catholic dogma, the contents of our holy faith, rising proud and triumphant over the dreary waste of human systems ; -and, scanning it from foundation to summit, I have been. compelled to exclaim, " It is divine, it is divine !" Faith with such a creed .deserved to conquer. Its transcendent excellence was jyi earnest and a" means of victory ; but before,that excellence could be "known and appreciated by man s intellect, accepted by man's" heart, and practiced by man's weakness, it met with fierce and wide : spread opposition from the pride, ignorance, and passions of men, both singly and in society. The magnitude of the Victory was in keeping with the magnitude of the conflict. The gigantic task before it was the spiritual conquest of the world. It had been poured into the souls of the Apostles on the day of Pentecost; it had been' photographed on their minds by the light of the Holy Ghost, typified, by. the parted tongues of fire on their foreheads, and at the command of Christ it Went- forth to discharge its grand • commission :. " Going, there-, fore; teach ye all nations." To human weakness the task waa utterly impose sible. The Apostle St. John, perceiv^ tag the, grandeur of the enterprise, and Viewing With prophetic 1 eye the estabi Jishment of God's kingdom upon eairth, and already a witness,of its first conquests, cried out in adjfttiration at the cause, - " This is the victory which overcomefcb the world—our faith.;' * Its.first victory' ^as its marvellouslyrapiti spread throughout the then known world, it is an historical fact £leatiy. emphatically attested "' by every source of reliable - information, both -Christian and "heathen,"'that; the. Christian faith -was, in the space ot a few' years, propagated ' through the length and -brsadith ;of t9ie' Xtom&a; Empire,,and that: Christian^ were cdjnited by •thousands • and : mUlid!ns' ; . to-eve taodmnder the sun. Nivtfy' this tact? la the" fa!ce of the countless difficulties and' obstacles barring the way at' its propagation, is a divine marvel and victory. Christian faith required its adherents to adore a crucified Jew when no nation was so despised as the Jewish nation; - no punishment or death so ignominious as -that' of the cross. It required belief in doctrines sublime indeed, but impervious to reason, and involving the most tremendous practical consequences, it assailed all the favourite vices and tastes of the day. It said to the avaricious, " Hoard not treasures upon earth." It said to the lewd, " He who soweth in the flesh, of the flesh shall reap corruption; but he who sowetn in the spirit shall reap of the spirit life everlasting." It said to the proud, " He that exalteth himself shall be humbled, and he that humhleth hintself shall beexalted." It said to ,the vindictive, "if one strike thee on the right cheek, turn to him the other." It said to the quarrelsome, " Love 'your 'enemies ; do good to them that hate you." It said to the superstitious,- "The kingdom of heaven is .within you." It said to the curious, " Seek not the things which are seen, biit the things which are not seen,. for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are .eternal." It. said to all in general, "Love not the world nor the things which are in the world, because all that is in the world is the lust of the flesh, or the lust of the eyes, or the pride of life," It encountered the most deeply-rooted prejudices and the most inveterate idolatry and superstition. To the Jews, who expected a Messiah to come with great Worldly pomp, splendour, majesty, and state— a second Solomon, but immeasurably superior as conqueror, sage, and King —it represented a crucified malefactor as the true Messiah, claiming, adoration, the renunciation of theijr cherished dreams and national glory, and the albolition of the Mosaic rites to which they clung with unparalleled tenacity To the Roman, proud of his world-wide empire, his brilliant but utterly corrupt civilisation, it held up the folly of the cross, the acceptance of a religion sprung from a Jew, teem ing with mysteries, contrary to his passions, condemnatory of his lust for bloodshed in the murderous games of the amphitheatre, and destructive of the worship of his gods, to whom he attributed the success of his conquest and the spread of his name. It met with the unrelenting opposition of the powerful and the wealthy, of the idolatrous heathen priesthood, of the philosophers, poets, orators, and, above all, of the despotic emperors who were the sacred embodiment of the idolatry, pride, and appalling vices of the age. To bring this more vividly home to your minds, allow me an illustration. Transport yourselves in fancy to the banks of the Tiber eighteen hundred years ago. . See that fisherman of Galilee, just arrived at Ostia with a few Jewish"companions ontheirway to Rome, and ascending the : rivet,, in a boat suggestive of his former call-: ing. Nothing in him strikes the eye save his pale visage, 'his curly beard, his way Worn garments, and poor sandals; On reaching'the Porta Navalis, he sits for a moment on a milestone and descries the Capitol, that: compendium of ancient Rome, and the Golden Palace, that gorgeous mansion of the power, pleasure, and crimes of the Caesars. A pagan approaches. " Stranger," , he says, " may I ask what errand brings you to . Rome ?" v"I come to announce the true. jGodf and the true God Is a crucified Jew/' "Indeed ! a God become Jew—well,. tljat is a novelty ! You belong, -to that strange race which lives down along the ?Tibe'r, and which we -have laughed at 'so long. What is j.our rank or gold, nor silver,, nor. eloquence, credit, and I come to' teach mefi 'to despise, : as,I do, riches,; philosophy, poweh arid death." " What a strange School ! Surely the rich , wilj scout you j" . 1 " I eofiit to wean them from those treasures which rusf and thieves destroy. The richand the. poor will alike believe, me." " But" the philosophers will jeer and mock you." . " i ecvme to beitd their understanding to the yoke of iny6teries, and teach them to quell their .passions. iThe 'phiIoso-, r phers will. .be. my . docile .disciples." "But Osesar will not suffer a chaise in the religion and: morals^of.^the 3Emplre.". "I come«t sovereign pontificate,' and l will decade his ancestors fwmjtheo^k.they have assumed amping.the.gpds. ,1 will destroy ; the; . temples? jwhpri?,; : name of s o > m a n y , - g maay.vifesiZ.', " And "|b|ill^e:that " Caesar .I^N^iiyfe/iSfti'is anotheri Cia$ar "^-''mlbii^^S^^A'^ ligion.'' " ..-"iWhat i "'.to.:- '&mkb; lave'Biipi^o^-.?!'.••• ' That : shall .' spread.' ov'^r the y- tJii^jQ^fl" 4'i^Stait.i 'iri^ii^-iVi 4• '«rftir many ' ' "' ".The poor'M10rr'7 t tiirf-iiouy sincerely, "l^fiat^ Pete#, the hejwingst And that faith has overcome the' world/ for "this is the victory which overeometli the world—our faith," Faith in the person of Peter and such as he, came to the foot of the Capitol. She accosted the slave, not with the sword of Spartacus, but with the Gos-. pel-and the Cross, saying to him—"Obey your masters." She met the rttthless slave-owner in the forum, and said to him—" Be just and humane to your slaves, fdr they are. your own flesh and blodd, arid you have a master who hears their groans and will avehge theiTr cruel treatment." Shelnet the crowds issuing, from the circus, and she pleached charity to barbarous men and women, arid boys and girls, who had just been gloating for hours on human bloodshed, arid frantically applauding lions and tigers and panthers, gorged with the reeking flesh of gladiators. She preached purity to human brutes that the mere representation of vices was unable to satisfy, and that required to see them in action on the stage, ashamed of its own abominations. She approached the wealthy, whose morals, parties, banquets, spectacles, were the liorror of Nature, and she announced to them that " it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle." She sat beneath the chair of the conceited philosophers—Roman, Greek; Oriental—who busied themselves in gathering into one eclectic system all the errors- of the Old World—that is, the maxims of pride,, pleasure, and selfish interest, and she said to them—"Cease your vain efforts; now you must believe, what " you cannot understand—the Trinity, the Incarnation, the RedeiriptioifcsjEQU must Crucify your pampered " ~ " ybuf ' knee to She entered the very nai&ce; of ^uMjfe^de soM ^^i'tQl ^oondteMd' ;ars, trampled on their em from the rank of tfcem that they, must ged for weal or woe iyiioly and all-powerful With concentrated: rage, they answered—" No ; thou shalt die, and all the base sectaries of. thy . vile superstition." " Die thou shalt," echoed the unanimous voice of slaves, masters, rich men, philosophers, and emperors. Mind and might were leagued against faith. Celsus and Porphyrius attacked it in the name of philosophy and criticism ; Tacitus branded it in the name of history as the enemy of the human race ; Pliny wielded the sword to slay it and the pen to defend his dealings with it in the eyes of his master, the Emperor Trajan. But as regards the faith, Trajan was a Nero.. The current literature which stigmatised it was but the expression of socifety which condemned and scouted it. For three centuries the empire was deluged' with Christian blood, and Rome put forth .ill her might, genius, wealth and craft to drown faith in a sea of.blood. It was pursued in town and country and "desert—it hid itself in the dreary gloom of the Catacombs. All the woes of the Empire were laid to its charge. If an earthquake occurred, if the lightning smote a tern pie or a theatre ,the cry was, " To the lions with the Christians !" and frightful tortures followed. Nay, Christians were commonly known by the name of the instruments of their torture—men called tliem " wretches of the rack, or the gibbet, or the pile " (Te'rtullian). . Neither age, nor sex, nor rank, nor services rendered to . the commonwealth, , found mercy before the tyrants. Twelve mil: thority, tofaave died martyrs, fortheii: faith during the tpn. chigf pers<&pnti;[on(J in the spae^ of - three hundred years. •At length in this tremendous struggle faith seemed conquered, and the triumph of heathenism secured. The Emperor Diocletian had medals struck, and pillars erected with the inscription, " Christiano nomine deleto." (" The Christian name- abolished.") "Vain illusion f Absurd flattery! Why, it was paganism which fell, while faith shotted, victory. Ten years after Diocletian's miserable death, faith rose triumphant from the Catacombs, and, in the person-of Constantine, eat crowned with victory—immortal victory-K>n the throne ot the : converted Caesars.- ''This is the victory which overcometb the world—our faith." And what jnstruments did faith use for so glorious an achievement ? Men osuch d as s l ;have - described , . . . St. . Peter, r men without any adequate human .means. ; weak, illiterate, meek; humble, despised; iaepr-P lairiljs ambngr 'the®? master-called thein^^cttlri iio-' lifting but in faith, and * ifl.^^ and charily --^f^Ms^r&i;^^M^iitt^^ in a living falth. wh'i<^:"'V Rtnnim/1 * * ' 4 and its immense result; and, therefw the spread of Christianity, the v & of faith, was entirely divine. unless the Apostles had known for tain that God had sent them, theX tempt at the conversion of the wo,.£ wouldjiave been the height of 3 and, therefore, an Impossible supposi tion; and because the conversion tlir> the wnrlri world could be i™ determined , W bv . 0n tm 0E 10 other motive than thr — - * dent apprehension ; of judiee, custom, passiri thing was against if. Evidence alone could induce assent, 'the evidence of miracles ^such as notfe eoujd gainsay And, finally, because God?s grace suner naturally subdued and illumined tho hearts of men ; for even miracles do not extort assent, and require for con version the interior and efficacious prompting and : assistance of the Holv Ghost: so that a miracle-of, the .moral order was divinely wrought in favour of faith. " This is the victory which overcometh the world—our faith " The rapid.feprefld of Christianity waa one victory of faith ; its preservation down to our day Is another equally giorious. Catholic faith, as held by the one only Catholic Church, now spread throughout the world, perseveres morally the safne for eighteen hundred years. This is shown positively, from the fact that in this-same society of the Catholc Church, we go back from the present generation without interruption unto the Christian era and, negatively, .because we have . the unimpeachable historic record gf the rise and founders of numerous s6cts, and the exact time of th«r separation from the Catholic Chureh* whereas there is not the shadow j5f a recoil to inform us of the Catholic Church haviiig been ever separated .from n toioreancient Christianitv. Now, such a preservation is a manifold miracle and a series of victories. First, miracle and victory—Its preservation from destruction, • arising. from its own duration and universality ; for it is the natural condition of things human to fade and fall away with time, and to decay the more rapidly in proportion to the rapidity of their rise and extension. ; But the. Catholic faith, so quickly spread throughout the whole .jvorld, had no adequate external force to keep the members of its social body together. How, then, oculd it persevere intact and universal for • so many ages ? That was evidently the work of God's right hand, Who, holding all times and places in his all-powerful and provident sway, ordained (1) that the constitution of His religion should be perfectly accommodated to all times and places and conditions of mankind, and (2) that in every time and place He would subdue by His grace and assistance the minds and Wills of men, although that religion always and everywhere rviiis counter to niau's corrupt nature. \- Second miracle and victory—Its preservation from destruction, despite the want of those natural means whereby false religions are won't to subsist and continue. As a false religion cannot stand by the weight of its own motives, since falsehood is a weak and rotten foundation, or, rather, no foundation at all, and as it cannot claim or have the assistance of Divine protection, for the God of essential truth cannot favor error, it6 preservation for a more or less extensive duration must be . ascribed only to human means, whether purely so or greatly assisted by unholy spirits. Accordingly, it may pander to human passions, or. its adherents may be confined to some out-of-the-way region, cut off f£oin wholesome commhriibatiori miefa;; or it may be held by a r^griaht race in "which genius flags,the spirit of "inquiry; is extinct, and intelr Iectual torpor prevails ; of it may be propped up and fostered by State protection, or maintain its votaries by sheer force; or it may resort to dis : simulation and adulteration, "or decline controversy, or sophisticate and quibble; or fraudulently corrupt and: deny historical facts ; or, being devoid of solid arguments, may enforce silence by organised coercion. But. no such charges i can ffairly be Brought against the Catholic ftfith or religion. Surely, as everybody knows, it is no pander to human passionsits followers have free and ojjeB' intercourse with all nations, exhibit a marvellous intellectual - activity,, and promote immensely the cultivation of science, aits, and: literature ; its >means of- propagation are persuasion. alone, and' over and ove? again It meets with. fcosupport, ;but direct persecution from the nilers df the Stjtte-, it ; solves objections, not by diBsembling:ite idoctrines) not!!^tending them to. complacently suit the. whim of, natural reaspn,: but hJ. a. sei^s ;of. solid ptfriciples and in^jpCible'. ^ttKuni^its ; it t»urt8 atrfd tKMia 5 fide discussion, Js -reidy. to give ltoopponents a -"reason fort itg claims, anc^ dreids nything 'so.mnch as ignorance rieitJi'ter -doie^' lt '-impose silence on it Jbar/ -tllflu^ariiww' aoerejon,? but reiadily and 'pattesritly j h^ara '.and, weighs doubts or aerated tHfeVarie arid iflncere tof& in its own unfailing lite 3®d «ndnr£nce. Could there be ft- greater contrast between it and any sect or religion which assails it ? Third miracle and victory—Its preservation from destruction against the natural peril of its own constitution. Catholic faitli, by the divine obscurity of its mysteries, offends the pride of many mind's, and constantly Affords occasion to the lovers of novelty to broach all sorts of opinions, ending -often in a warm of heresies. Catholic faith, by the inflexible authority, of its moral precepts, angers " "r and exasperates f the wills'of men impatient of anv any yoke, voke. and hence necessarily arises a multitude of scandals! Catholic faith admits the existence of numbers ofi bishops, equal among themselves, and subject to the Roman Pontiff; it admits ecclesiastical dignities, which bring •with them great honours and often considerable emoluments, and, moreover, are elective. Hence, as history relates, ambition and cupidity have before now engendered countless factions, intrigues and rebellions. Again, Catholic faith professes the Chnrch to be a perfect society, independent in spirituals from all authority of civil rulers, and supreme in its own order. Hence a fruitful source of jealousy on the part of the powers that be ; hence their frequent and stubborn endeavours to usurp the ecclesiastical • power, and combine it with the temporal; hence no end of storms and struggles, no end of schisms. And yet, despite all these obstacles, the constitution of the Church, the embodiment of Catholic faith, has remained substantially inviolate ; nay, its rights and prerogatives have become more and more conspicuous ; the spiritual power of the Roman Pontiff has been splendidly exalted, and to-day there exists a union between the bishops and the faithful and ths Pope more close and admirable than in any preceding century. Surely the hand of God is there. Fourth miracle and victory—The preservation of Catholic faith in all its integrity against the assaults of innumerable foes. Early in the first centuries many able and subtle adversaries strove to prevent it—Gnostics, Marcionites, Ebionites, Manicheans, etc. Posterior to the third century a cloud of heretics arose—Arians, Donatists, Nestorinas, Pelagians, Eutychians, Monothelites. Iconoclasts and others without number, to which, later on, succeeded the Albigenses, the Hussites, the Wicklifites, and especially the swarms of Protestant sects in the sixteenth century. Lastly, the Jansenists, Deists, Nationalists, Agnostics, Liberals and Socialists, who have assailed the Catho lic faith by speech and publication, by sophistry, by malignant calumnies and endless scoffing, by corruption of Scripture and History, by scientific investigations, etc., etc. And yet, instead of the unity of faith being shaken by these indefinitely varied attacks, it has been afforded a happy occasion to set itself forth in a brighter light by clearer definitions and the victorious unraveling of sophistry to the complete refutation of error. And hence has arisen a marvellous display of unity of profession on the part of Catholics throughout the universe, despite their numbers, their dispersion, the vast variety of their genius, language, manners and governments, and their position among heathens, heretics and schismatics. Fifth miracle and victory—The stabihty of Catholic faith against every kind of persecution. I have already spoken of the ten persecutions of-the first three centuries, but how many others has every part of the world ensured in -the succeeding ages ? What did not Catholics 'suffer under Julian the Apostate, and from the Barbarian hordes, from Mahometans ?—nay, alas : from Catholic Kings and emperors ? What in the last century from the sanguinary storm of the French Revoution And who is not aware that, in our days, the foes of Catholic faith have formed nefarious societies, bound by unhallowed oaths to spare neither means nor moity, nor power, nor craft, to utterly subvert the Catholic religion ? This mystery of iniquity is ever on the forward march, and, with incredible skill, directs every political event of importance to that wicked purpose ; but the great engine everywhere employed is State monopoly in education, and consequent godless schools And yet Catholic faith his triumphantly weathered all these storms, and come out purer, brighter, and stronger than ever ; it continue^ to spread more and more, and in many respects was never so flourishing as in our time, and, let me add, in our rair Australasian colonies. Nay, these tempests have caused the sanctity of the Church, the zeal and fortitude of the Pontiffs, the love of the faithful towards Christ and his members, the patience and longanimity of the Saints to shine forth with additional splendour, while the lukewairmnees of many Has been shaken up, and, by the secession of Apostates, pestiferous limbs have been advantageously-lopped off, to the greater. Health, vigour, and strength of the social Catholic body. Sixth and final miracle and victory— The admirable ways in which Divine Providence has opportunely come to the assistance of Catholic faith in every variety of circumstance. Many furious onslaughts have, against . aJi apparent hope, been suddenly arrested either by the death, or the downfall, or the conversion of the persecutors. God has invariably provided the needful and copious supply of learned doctors to refute error, of powerful and devout kings to protect religion, of religious orders accommodated to the times and necessities ,of the faithful, of zealous pastors and saintly men and women whose efficacious example has vastly promoted faith and morals. When the barbarians, invaded the Roman Empire, God Himself, to prevent the utter destruction of civilisation, prepared all the elements required to tame those rude and fierce tribes, gradually imbue them with the spirit of the Gospel, and : so create Christian Europe. Like the ocean, the Church repairs on the one side her losses on the other. When she lost certain nations, who were torn from her maternal bosom, like England, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, she gained more numerous adherents : elsewhere, and so never ceased to be numerically universal; and any attentive reader of history has no difficulty to perceive that Divine Providence, fulfilling the promise of Christ to be with His Church for ever, has always directed every event towards the reign of God upon earth, by the diffusion, preservation, and. corroboration of Catholic faith. What a splendid array and series of victories, which are the forerunners of many more unto the consummation of the world ! It has no parallel in the history of mankind ; it stands out with incomparable magnitude which tliey who run can see. Tliis indeed is the "victory which overcometh the world—our faith." And now has not every Catholic good reason to be proud of his faith and you, my brethren,. more perhaps than any on this great day of your splendid celebration ? Ah ! you belong, most of you, to a race of faith, whose victories for and by faith form one of the brightest pages of Church History. No sooner was the Chureli established in Ireland than the report of its faith, like that of the Romans so praised by St. Paul, went out unto all the world. Wonderful was the introduction of the faith by St. Patrick', because it was watered by no martyr's blood ; wonderful was its spread throughout Europe when Ireland became the far-faimed Island of Saints and scholars, and Apostles of the faith ; and the restoration of Christianity in Europe, after the fearful Invasions of the Barbarians, was largely the work of their missionary zeal 'and heroism. But still more wonderful has been the preservation of that faitJh amid trials unexampled in'the. course of history. You know the glorious story. Patrick's work was right well done; He left his children .a.toudhstone to discern the false from the true. " As, you are.my children," he said, "so be ye children of Rome." When, therefore,: a new-fangled -warship came: and preached to them hatred of Rome, they shrankfromitin abhorrence, as from the .evil one. It is keenly painful .'for tin honest Englishman to turn over the blood-stained pages Of English History, which In regard to Ireland are the; record of wrong and crime for three hundred" years. Yet stern, impartial truth i-ofojiges me to say, with no esreiiement of thought or Imagination, with no rhetorical exaggeration, that for centuries England treated her sister kingdom with unnatural barbarity. And •Why ? For this simple reason England had apostatised from the ancient faith, and she was resolved that Ireland should apostatise also. Accordingly, she framed the most sanguinary enactments for the destruction of that holy faith which for a thousand yeairs had been the glory and salvation of the British Isles. These laws were directed with calm, quiet, well-pondered determination to the extinction of Ireland's faith or the extermination of her people. They are without a parallel in any Christian land, and are matched only by the orders of Nero and Diocletian : " Ohristlani ad leones! Christian! non slnt!"—" Throw the Christians to the lions ; let Christians cease to be!" England said to the children of Ireland, you are in chains ; only apostatise, and I will set you free. You are deprived of your pos- . sessions ; apostatise, and I will restore them to you. You are living in ignorance ; apostatise, and I wHI give you education; apostatise, and we shall then be one people—we shall then have but one main purpose and object—to make the most of this world, and let the other world look after itself. Ireland, bleeding and in chains, heard the siren voice of the tempter, but she closed her virgin earis, and rejected with horror the degrading offer. In the words of the good Tobias, she cried out from the midst of her woes : " We are the children of the saints, -and we look up for that life which God will give to those that never change their faith from Him." Such faith was a puzzle to Lord Maoaulay. Contemplating the spectacle of a whole nation martyred for its faith, he exclaimed with astonishment—" I am not ignorant of history ; but in this science I confess my incapacity to find for this point a satisfactory explanation. But could. I, when standing beneath the dome of St. Peter's Church at Rome, peruse with the faith of a Roman Catholic the inscription which is emblazoned around it—'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it '—then, and only then, could I solve the enigma of Irish history." A striking phenomenon of this closing nineteenth century is the spread of the English tongue. Unfortunately, when the English language was forming, Pro- . **stantism made it its own peculiar possession. Hence the wonderful spread of the English tongue would naturally have meant the diffusion of Protestantism. and a corresponding decline of Catholicism. So sure of this were men sixty years ago that, when bigots were disturbed at Catholics building new chapels in England, Carlyle consoled them thus—" Popery can build new chapels—welcome to do so to all lengths. Popery cannot come back any more than paganism, which also lingers in some countries. But, indeed, it is with these things as with the ebbing of the sea : for minutes you cannot tell how it is going ; look in half an hour, where is it ?—look in half a century where your Popehood is !" Now, look how Providence has belied this inept prophecy.: As in the land of bondage, as in the temptation through the wilderness, as in the ca;)tirity of Baby- Ion, God formed a people to be.His witness in the ancient world, so now in the furnace of persecution God- has tiled and tempered a people ;to be His Witness -to the faith in tiie new world fcliich is to -be. Driven , by misrule from their homes, the Irish race, the children of St. Patrick, hare spattered over two hemispheres. They have poured into the large cities of England and Scotland, into'Soiitb Africa'/ America, and Australasia. Whithersoeverthey go .their priests . accompany them • wherever they settle, the spire and the cross arise hard by the presbytery and the school, convent and 'cqaiege.. in their new homes, c|£spite many draw-' backs, God prospers them in behalf of the faith which persecution has knitted into their minds and hearts, .and the best they> have—God"bless them-!—is never too good tor God. There is the .explanation of this grand Cathedral Carlyle, thou cynic, short-sighted scoffer, the half century is over, and wher-e if* our Popehood now ? Look around s ou, not to the old Catholic couaetrfes, nor to the old Catholic races—look to your own people and your own tongue. Neyer was the papacy so strong as it if* to-day ; all honour to its loyal subjects of every nationality and their noble services to the Church In every clime; but certainly a very-large Jihare in this magnificent result is due to the Irish. They have carried their loyalty to the See of Peter over the seven seas, and have won respect for it in the very, gates of its enemies. Once more the words of St. Augustine have been verified—" I hear. them saying of tho Church every day that she soon most die, and every day I see lier bury them or, as our great Catholic English poet says—She is "doomed to death, but fated not to die." " This is the victory which overcometb the world—our faith." Cast your eyes around, and see the contrast, in our day false religions are being found out, aq.d are breaking up, dissolved more and more into fragments and dust r belief Is vanishing, and rank materialism Is the creed of millions. " Let us eat and drink and be merry, for to-morrow we shall die." But God has his trusty witnesses in the midst of Babel confusion and hopeless chaos, and nowhere more so than in the Irish people, to which most of you belong either by birth or descent. You come to this Ian-land with your belief in the surfernatural and your hope in the future, rou build your churches, and voiir churches remain; you build your schools, and they remain and prosper; you build your palatial colleges and convents, and they remain and flourish. And so you are here to-day in your thwisands, celebrating the completion of this grand monument-this magnificent act of faith. All honour to your The work you have done is truly great ^L y t°V my und do feeI Ie/ittmate 1 ride in its completion. The rich with ^rJ Vealth ' the P° or ^ their hardearned wages, the widow with her mita -you have reared this splendid edifice, r ^ P ' t0 the 8lor ? aDd worship 0f yourselve s ' t w ronr children, 1U h r w f 7 generations yet unborn A honour to your faith and devotion ! honour to the noble Archbishop who presides with apostolic dignity, lea™, mg, virtues, and success over th s S province . , , , , ! Your - presence, jfico^uv:*;, mv IUv Lord Lorn Archbishop forbids me to attempt elabo- ' eul <*r : but this much I will say \- are proud of your people to-day and they are proud of you, and, witl them. I congratulate you 'warmly « the achievement of the great object for ilT ^n ,3Ve WOrked so '°ng and well. All honour to your saintly predecessor, Archbishop Goold, the fender of this noble structure, whose faith wis ins prompter, and whose reliance on the generosity of his flock, his S and support in the arduous commencements of this vast undertaking K t loss, to-day, from the throne of his glory and the seat of his rest, he sends and e io^y 0f ct>n Sratulatiott and love And what shall I say of " nass «ming priest, Fr. I tzpatrick whom you all remember with mingled regret, reverence and afruction, whose very life, for the third of a century, was identified with the erection of this magnificent cathedral 1 The event of this day must thril'r his veiy ashes in the tornb, when he reposes so near us, while his glorified soul has additional joy In Heaven at the triumphant result of his life-long ex erfcons, unfailing hope and unconquer- ^, Pei > ereriUice - A11 honour to the excellent and devoted clergy of this Archdiocese-secular and regulffr-who have so; nobly co-operated W toeir great leader to achieve this conmiete ^ lonour.-to the clej^y of the other dioceses of this ecctesialtical SEE" v 6 ' S ene rosity deserves^an almost equal,meed of praise. All honrar .to^theJaity of Melbourne anj without .the laity, f X J ^ 1 ^ d0 ? An Honour to the laity. old and youpg, rich and- poor ^%f nd '/ emale ! 1 Yan the Safe and Ale of the great Church Militant. leaderahip, belongs especially the tlcto^ of this great day. Nor will I forgetrtothank and congratulate all those generous and liberal persons of other enoniinaOons who have helped to erect-this* imposing monument,'arid r m sate that God will ble^s them for fcontributing to build this house of prayfei 1 , this temple of God, this focus find centre of true Christian progress, Slid civilisation. In fine, I congratulate all, without distinction, who have had any share in the conception, prosecution and achievement of this grand. this glorious Cathedral of St. Patrick, whose faith it will perpetuate. And do thou, O blessed Patrick, wlio dost enter solemnly into thy full pos. session to-day, look down with complacency and love, and invoke upon it and its worshippers unto all time the choicest blessings of Heaven ! One word of exhortation to all, and I •have done. Love the Church—your real inbther—who in baptisin gave you faith and brought you forth to a new Supernatural life, making you heirs and joinit- heirs with .Christ to an everlasting Kingdom. Love the Church, •Who continues to discharge toward you all the duties of a tender mother, it is she who, by the mouths of her pastors, instructs ydti in the faith, and Unceasingly exhorts you to its practice. It is she who, at the Sacrament of Penance, relieves you of the burden Of your sins, and restores the longlooked-for peace to your hearts. It is fehe who nourishes your souls with the adorable flesh of the Son of Man. It is she who blesses your nuptials, and secures to you conjugal happiness. And /how constant is her love ! When in the last hour, father and mother, wife and children, friends and kindred abandon you, the Church, your faithful mother, forsakes you not. But, in the person of the priest, her inlni&ter;, she bends over your couch, ivipes the sweat of anguish from your brow, and cheers and strengthens you for your last journey. And after your feoiil has departed, she busies herself about your earthly remains, accompanies them, as sacred objects, to their lait resting-place, and bends over your graves to pray for the repose of youi; sOuls. Nay, when your bodies have mouldered into dust in the grave, she will still raise her Immaculate hands at the altar to invoke peace on your souls. 0 I forgotten.; _ . . _ , ever chervil, thee in, ray heMt; ftnd show thee in my conduct I And .iiiSy my last words be fkjm of tjiai great preacher of the faitii, Mul" I have fought the good... fight,,1 have kept the faith, i have, gaJ£fe<J tli<? final victory,", and from the jiigi Judge I confidently ekpect the vlctdr's fiiitiior- • tal crown. Aineii, Special miisfc Ms atMn&ed; M fallows:—Vespers—Doiiine afl &ajiivsfucjum; (Yltto$a); AatiphtfijS ...^aud P%ftlms for .aJte/nMM®^®* " Blqcare .Gbrlste " ; Magniieat (Palftstrina); liiSny ;,'. Ave verunj (Soiinodi j.Tintriin W>rtte); Adoremils (harnioniied). There were two cholfs, ordinary and a specially trained choir (by the Rev. G. A. Jtoijinsori, B.A.), of ISO of the youth of both sexes, Who were located in tlie nave. AlterMte verses of the psalms, etc., were taken -with excellent effect, the , rendition of the " Magnificat." (specially hiirinonised for, the occasion) "being very, fiiie. . The day's magnificent cerfebionial was appropriately concluded with the " Te Deum " (Witt). THE CATHEDRAL BELLS. . On Sunday morning the ringers met at. 9.45 a.m.. ah<l attempted a quarter peal of Stednian Triples (1200 changes), which attempt failed, after ringing 1000 changes. The bells were then rung in rounds till 11 o'clock. In the afternoon, at 3.35, a start was made for T. Thurston's peal of Stednian Triples (504© changes), which is the first time this peal has been attempted in Australia. Everything went right for 1 hour and 39 minutes, when 2500 changes had been r^ng. Then, unfortunately; two bells crossed in their work, and the bells had to be brought round half way through the peal. The following were the ringers: —F. Whiteside, treble ; E. O'Shea, 2 ; J. P. Nolan, 3 ; E. Bryning, 4; J. C. Nolan, 5; M. O'Shea, 6; A. Barnes, 7 ; J. Sheehan, tenor; conducted by J. C. Nolan. For Vespers, the bells were again rung for half an hour. On Monday evening a visit was paid to the tower by Mr. J. Guest, formerly captain of St. Paul's Ringers, when a 360 of Grandsare Mliior was successfully rang before Vespers by the following :—S. Hallissy, treble; M. O'Shea, 2 ; J,. P. Nolan, 3 ; J. C. Nolan, 4; J. Guest, 5 ; F. Whiteside, 6 ;" A. Barnes, 7 ; E. O'Shea, tenor ; composed and inducted by A. Battjfcs. This was rfling with the 6th and 8th covering, the, changes being rung on 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 7th bells. THE FEAST OF ALL SAINTS. On Monday, Feast of All Saints, tne second day's ceremonies were carried out with the same wealth of liturgical and ceremonial detail as on Sunday. At 11 a.m. the Cathedral was filled by a congregation numbering about 3000, amongst whom were many non-Catholics. The celebrant of the Pontifical High Mass was the Most Rev. the Bishop of Dunedin,. N.Z., with Frs. Carey and Robinson as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. The Cardinal- Archbishop and the Most Rev. Dr. Carr assisted in the sanctuary, as likewise the other prelates and clergy, as on the previous day. After tlie first Gospel, the Most Rev. the Auxiliary Bishop ' of Sydney preached on the festival of the day, taking for his text these words :— "And I saw a great multitude, who fell down before the throne, saying: Amen. Beneaiction» and glory, and \- -i f i- i -- I TlTFr'i'f - t'' '" l mi Wfcdtta, pbd Jihanygiving, fi^Oilr, Shd pt>3veir, aria strength to ,trait $6d M- ever aid Aiheii." (TO?.. VijL,2-^-12.) , ', ... ... /"t • His LoTdslilp avf^lt ugtfii tile ofc'c'a- &M; whjeh hM Mofaght & Jifihy bi^ioffs'Ahd ef |h6, PBiireh to life ptfegfeiit in that hi&.g&ifl;^eiit ^tfiicthe the people. , n'erfi on the Fea^t M ijo iib&bur; .to thU gffe&'t oriefe ivlfd, fi&d.; pfl^t M& -.Iflⅈ' UpUl&f; ift — pa&es; of "iii'StCH^, btit if thii^. wfife iwie pkgfe tiflit. "Wfis tajerfe ii6tab1e.. than another, it was that frliltih, ctffitlijftied the lianiSs of ih^ fiajhts df iiiti Chtirch 'had laboured and fetiiffered 1H the sicretl ciitisS for thfe last 1900 £ekrs. In their, diviiie, Emission the saiiits had ail the fcfrceS cif featih .arrayed against tlifein. aiid th^.Chttrch hid to ; catrj out her ^reait worU. df eniightenlhfe tt& igiiorriiit, defeticliiig the weak, aiid succouring the afffipted, with ho vast riches to aisiSt her, ithd nothing but the seif-sacrtflcfe arid d^vytioh 6f iier servants upon Which to rely. Ixi the Epistle of the day they wferg told that the saintfe of ,G6d werti pTiViieg^ to stand before His throne fobSd in white garments, and. to- be raised to the dig : nity of Christ Hiriiself;-. Wheii ttie children of the Church to-day gathered toother to. praise the saints of God they Were doing honpdr to those who had been inade the recipients of the highest honours already iri. heaven. Through intercessory prdyerS to the saihtS grace would be impkfted to the faithful membters^of the Chiircb, THE APOSTOLIC BENEDICTION. The Pontifical Mass concluded, the Archbishop of Melbourne, as an tioiiiiced the day,-"Imparted the Apostolic Benediction,, which his Holiness Leo XIII had cabled during the week. A Plenary Indulgence accompanied the Benediction of the Holy Father, " in fonna ecclesiae consueta." The following is the usual form of the Papal Benediction :— Attentis facultatibus a Sanctissimo in Christo Patre et Dominp, nostro i^eone, Providentia Papa XIII, in eimuutialis Apostolicis literis expressis, datis Iievdo. Dmo. (nomen), Dei et Apostolicae sedis gratia- hujus sanctae (nomen). Ecclesiae Antistiti, eadem dominatio sua liima, Siinimi Pontificis nomine, dat et concedit omnibus hie praesentibus vere poenitentibus, et confessis ac sacra communione receptis Indulgentiam Plenariam in forma ecclesiae consueta. Iiogate igitur Deum pro felici statu sanctissimi Domini nostri Papae, Dopiinationis suae Remae et sanctae Uatris Ecclesiae. Translation— » In virtue of faculties granted, by our Iilost Holy Father and Lord in Christ, Leo Xlil. (nam§J*by the Grace of God and favour of the Apostolic See, Lord Bishop of (namej,r his Lordship grants and imparts to all present who have confessed and received Holy Communion, a Plenary Indulgence in the usual form of the Church. Pray, for that of the. Universal Church' , Tn . f^e, ^MnUig there "e wa Was .again a the Mbst ije^ vi\ HLvrne (1 tificating. Most Mev. ^ishop of Mileiand: c^m juries" sjonis), whos^. elevation to the pumj® was hailed with special pleasure } " t h e t o t ts.^Jr g ' fiis Lordship took for his text the third.Terse of the 23rd,chapter of til Apocalypse, And I heard a fcreat voice from Heaven, saying, Behold the covenant ...of God ... and tliev fthflll be His people; and He shall b* e their God." The full text of the sermon will appear in our next issue FEAST OF .ALL SOULS. The Office of the Dead was first chanted, the chid; chanters being the Revs. G, A. Robinson, B.A., p j p a i Ion, J. Manly, and M. O'Reilly, CM The rendition of the "Benedictu's" was very fine The Office concluded the Most Rev. Dr. Byrne celebrated Pontifical RfcqUiem Mass. the Rev. w Quilttsr assistant priest, and the Vcrv Ret. 3f. Carey, P.P., and Rev. R. s Bensoii acting as deacon and subdeacon respectively. There was no organ accompaniment, according to the rubrics for tteqtiiem Mass. THE SERMON. The occasioiiai Sermon was dolireied by the Vfei-y Rev. Fr. O'Farreli, C.SS.ft. (Superior of the Redemptorist MdnSstei-y, Ba!>arat). The preacher .selected his text from Ecclesiasticus yli., 37, 38 : " A gift hath grace in the sight of all the living, and restrain not grace from the dead. . . Be hot wanting in comforting them that weep, and walk with theiii that mourn." Aficv referring to the grand ceremonials of Sunday, the preacher drew his congregation's attention to the fact that it was the Feast of All Souls. This, he pointed out, was indicated by the. appearance of the Cathedral. Whereas, on Sunday, it had shone with brilliancy, it had now assumed a inort; sdiiibro aspect. It was because bp. that day they should especially ojTer up prayers and sacrifices for ttieir depai'ted brethren. The subject lie desired to deal with was that of offering up prayers and sacrifices for the departed ones. The Roman Catholic doctrine of purgatory was one at which a severe and bitter criticism had been levelled. It had even been called an invention of Satan, but he desired to direct their thoughts in a course which would prove to them Siiat the doctrine of purgatory was not only a beautiful and consoling one, but that it was founded on a solid and true basis. The preacher then entered into a comprehensive argument as to the truthfulness of lire doctrine of purgatory. His arguments were supported by long quotations frosil Scripture and the early writers on ecclesiastical history to show that it was a recognised doctrine. The evidences of traditional writings wcfe cited to show that anions the Jewish people, years prior to the birth of Christ, the doctrine was not only recognised, but practised. . From Scriptural and traditional writings,..the argument was shifted to the realms of common seiise, without in any way losing force and pertinency, lie tlien went on to show the necessity there was for the pMiyers of the living for the dead. Iii eloquent and pathetic words he appealed to his hearers on behalf of the dead, whose souls might be languishing on beds of pain and sorrow ifa purgatory. So strong and touching was the preacher's language that tears started to the eyes of a large number of his auditors, and sobs were to be distinctly heart from all quarters of the building. Special reference was made in tile appeal to the deceased prelates, priests, and benefactoi-s of the Cathedral. The recent death of the young Irish bishop of Northern Queensland, thfe Rev. Or. Hutchinson, was also dwelt upon in sympathetic terms. Concluding his sermon, l)r. O'Farrell Isald, " And amidst all the joys and consolation experienced in these proud days by the . Archbishop of Melbourne, perhaps none will be greater than the assurance that when he has, like all mankind, fallen asleep, he will be always remembered in prayer and sacrifice by ills devoted priests and people at the altars of this noble Cathedral, which he l^as laboured so zealously and ardetotly to bring to completion." The function concluded with the Solemn Absolution. CATHOLIC SCHOOLS DEMONSTRA- TION AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. The celebrations in connection with the opening of the Cathedral were continued on Tuesday evening, when the Exhibition Building was crowded to the doors by an attendance of the general publiff of over 10,000 persons to iVitness a demonstration by the combined Catholic schools of the metropolitan and the suburban area. Shortly before 8 p.m., his Eminence Cardinal Moran, his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, the visiting" prelates, and a large number of priests arrived, and were loudly applauded as they took their seats immediately in front of the spacious platform. There was also a considerable number of Christian Brothers prefeent. The scene upon the graduated platfdmi in the vicinity of the grand organ was an exceedingly pretty one. Massed in groups, according to the school they represented, 1500 children of both sexes were seated, and formed a strong argument in favour of Christian education. It is said that the countenance is the mirror of the mind, and with their bright, beaming faces of fresh innocence and happiness, those hundreds of boys and girls effectually disposed of the sophistry of those who Would make believe that religion has a tendency to put the iron into the soul of youth. But even fro'm a material standpoint the superiority of the system from all others, which combines religion with secular lcnowledge, was abundantly apparent on the occasion referred to. It will be enough to say that our Catholic schools are up to date, and more than able to hold their own against 'all competitors in the scholastic field. As being altogether disinterested praise, it is worth while to quote the following from the " Age" in its notice of the demonstration :— ' As for the entertainment itself, it was such as to raise the immense audience which assembled to the highest pitch of enthusiasm, and at its close the Archbishop of Wellington (Dr. Redwood) declared that there had been everything to feed the mind, to raise the thoughts, to touch the heart, and please the fancy. The opening chorus was a song of welcome, rendered by the combined choir iii a manner which showed that the children had been most carefully trained. Then followed a drum march and club exercise by the pupils of the Christian Brothers' schools. Each evolution was well executed* the club drill being especially good. The South Yarra and South Melbourne schools combined in singing ' Oft in the Stilly Night,' anct-a floral musical drill was also given by the younger pupils, both numbers being Veil rfeceivfed. Pupils from the schools of the Sisters of Mercy, Nicholson-street, appeared in a tableau illustrating the Biblical parable of the five foolish virgins who failed to have their lamps trimmed and ready, and were met with the doleful cry of ' Too late! too late! ye cannot enter now 1' The tableau was well conceived and carried out, and the chorus, ' Too late,' was capably sung by "younger scholars from the schools as the fivefoolish ones wrung their hands in despair. The same scholars also gave a very pretty chorus and dance entitled ' Fairy Land.' Two part songs, ' We Come to Thee, Savoy,' and ' Come Where the Lilies Bloom,' were well rendered by a fourth group, consisting of pupils of the Sisters of Mercy, North Melbourne; Stt Mary s, West Melbourne ; and St. Ambrose s, Brunswick. A feature of the entertainment was an tirigihal cantata siliig bjr pupil! the sbhobls conducted by the Sisters of Charity, and entitled ' A filesSfedLabour Crowded,' Thb theme of the cantata the ioybus coto^ieiion of Me Cathe- "teU, "jind it concluded with a message to Erin and a tribute to Archhishap Carr. ,,'The Lkst Rose of Summer,' by St. Patrick's High School, was the alphabetical calisthenic and ptfzzk march. A baich of children, carrying small b&niiers;, after going thiou'gh "a number of evolutions, drew up in double file, when it was seeti that the letters oh the banners read, ' Welcome to Cardinal Moran' and ' Cheers for Archbishop Carr.' The cheers, needless to say, were 'giveii "with a heartiness that made the Exhibition Building ring. The Australian national antlifem, 1 Unfurl the Flag,' was sung by pupils of St. Ignatius' boys and girls' schools l and the full 'Choir of 1500 voices,. Wayrn& bannerets and lhifilature. Union Jacks, joined iii the chorus. The boys' running drill lent variety to the entertainment, which closed with a song for the Pope by the combined choir. ; " His Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop Carr and the visiting prelates occupied •seats immediately in froilt of the platform, and evinced deep interest in the proceedings. At the close of the programme the prelates, headed by Archbishop Carr, ascended the platform, and Dr. Redwood briefly addressed the children. He said that oil behalf bf their beloved and illustrious Archbishop, and all the visiting prelate's, he desired to say that they were chartiied by the entertainment. There was in it every variety—to teed the mind, to raise the thoughts, to touch the heart, and please the fancy. There was harmony bf sound and of motion throughout, and it was hard to say where they might put the highest excellence. But, speaking generally, he would say that the entertainment reflected the greatest credit on all who prepared, and, of course, on all who performed, it. He begged, in the name of the Cardinal, their Archbishop, his own illustrious colleagues and himself, to thank them, and to say that he would carry back to New Zealand very pleasant recollections of that evening. " After cheers had been given by the scholars for the prelates, the latter accorded the gathering their cordial episcopal blessing, and the audience dispersed." As the prelates were leaving the platform, vociferous cheers were given for them by the 1500 children, who afterwards sang with much spirit, " God Save Ireland." The conductors who acted during the evening were Herr Steinmetz, Mr. J. Fredmah, and Mr. T. A. Linehan. Mr. Charles Sykes presided at the organ, and the effect of the various "drills and dances which were given in the course of the entertainment was considerably enhanced by the use of the limelight. It may be added that valuable assistance was given by a number of gentlemen, including Messrs. Eavanagh, Nunan, Power, etc. The furniture was kindly lent by Messrs. Nunan Bros., the well-known warehousemen, of Swanstonstreet. 