THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are fold about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among tbe Himalaya mountains. These old men. it is eaid, hare devoted scores of yeans to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called for the purpose of find ing out the secret of their remark able performances. They treated him rather ecurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept wedt with him to a caVe wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a welL ' I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ' Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately ( the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell -whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cost not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights yon have seen hare cast shadows. Belief or unbelief com monly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A m&n; who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make welL What else bnt doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : — ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of eorts. At first my stomach was deranged, mj appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much tronbled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving* me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, sad grad ually all nervousness left me. AL: though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine nerer having used it or seen it used I new gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best 'of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D.' Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, There is a deal of difference be tween Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter mar be ture enough, but it cannot beverti fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mysti t or magical abm.t Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup- It acts on the tfaeorj tbat most ailment* are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that and throws the light -of health and happiness over hearths and homes where ill ness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 