KEITH HOPE. By WILLIAM A. CAMERON. CHAPTER XI.— (CoutinuecD " During my conversation with Ella i nau pam little attention to the two on the front seat. I now looked at them, and could see that Miss Gerty was talking volubly. Good girl, she was evidently doing so that we neuinu migu. tain or perrect privacy. Ella had been sitting silent for a considerable t;me. Now, with some hesitation in her man ner. she said. "There Is something I would like to tell you. in strict confidence. Mr. Rnsden." "What is it, Miss Ella?" "Mr. Lessing has asked mo to marry him." "When did lie do so?" I asked in amazement. "Two days ago. Do you know, 1 distrust and dislike that man very much. I have 011 instinct that lie is bad and treacherous." "L feel much the same way myself about him; lint I know nothing against him that would give me a valid reason for my aversion. Did he make his proposal In such a way as to offend you?" "1 was ofTended, because I am sure he must have known how matters stood between Keith and myself. But he gave me 110 opportunity of taking offence at him. lie was very respectful. He 3ald he had cared for me for a long time — al though I do not believe that he cares for me at all — and I10 said that he had got father's permis sion to speak to mo." "Did you tell Mr. Summers?" "Yes, and I was alarmed when father ?aid that ho would not be displeased if I chose to marry Mr. Lessing. Father told me that some weeks earlier he had given him a proof of how much he cared for me. I cannot understand it, all-at once, hut he seems to have impressed father very favorably." "Have you told Miss Almyer about this?" Yes. Everything seemed to he going the wrong way. and Gerty is always very good to me." "What did she say?" The ghost of a smile flitted across Ella's face for a moment as she answered — "She said it was like the impudence of the old crocodile." This was so like what Aliss Gerty would say in her lively way that I could not help laughing. In a minute, however, I was quite serious again. Does Mr. Summers know about you and Keith?" 1 inquired. I am afraid not, Mr. Rusden," Ella answered. I am afraid I am very much to blame, but it is only since Charlie's death that there has been anything to tell. Keith asked me again and again to let us be engaged, and to permit him to asi: father's sanction, but I kept putting it oft." But don't you think Mr. Summers must have observed how things were going?" Oh, you don't know father. -Mr. Rusden. He Is one of those big manly men that never seem to see these sort of tilings at any time; and since poor Charlie's death he Just goes about his work 111 a way that would break your heart to see, and never seems to notice anything." Did he make any remark when he heard that Kolth had been arrested?" When I told him about it, and said I was sure that Mr. Hope was innocent, he looked troubled, and said, 'I hope he is, little girl. He always seemed a good fellow, but one never knows what will happen. I am very perplexed to know what to believe.' " Oh, well, things might be worse," I said. ' Considering tlie evidence that is against Keith, it Mr. Summers will believe that he is innocent till be is proved to be guilty, it is as much as we can reasonably expect. What view does Miss Sim mers take of tho matter?" "I cannot understand Aunt Jane at all lately. She was very much grieved at Charlie's death, and seemed to- brood over It for a long time; and now there seems to he something else troubling her a great deal. Latterly she lias taken no in terest at all in mo or my doings, though before Christmas she had always some remark to make if Keith pafd me any little attention." By this time we had arrived at the station, and found that only Miss Summers was at home. , She told us that her brother had left early lu the morning to go to the back of the run, and that Mr. Lessing had accompanied him. She thought that it would he evening before they returned. I was agreeably surprised at tho graciousness of the welcome she accorded to mo personally. She was, if I may thus express it, so laboriously cordial that I soon suspected she had an axe to grind. She had, as I found before the day was out. Lurch was soon ready, and when It was over Mr. Cotswold and I went to the verandah for a smoke. My companion was a fluent, agreeable rtalker, and ho gave me an account of his life for the past eight or nine years. He had been first jackaroo and then overseer on the station of which Mr. Almyr was manager. Then three years ago, coming Into a little money, he had gone to Pottinger and set up as a stock and sta tion agent, and was doing fairly well. He was recounting some amusing Incident in bis career as a new chum, when suddenly his eloquence flagged, and he himself became restless. Follow ing the direction of his gaze, I saw Miss Gerty 'v walking in the garden. Poor Cotswold's pollte- v ness forbade him to leave me too abruptly, and x that gave me time to say, "Excuse me, please, Jhe Is something I wish to say to Miss Al- ," and I left him. I doubt If that young man will ever . be so courteous again on a similar occasion. Now,, with all Miss Gerty's lively ways and love of badinage, I had learned by this time that she possessed a good heart and a sensible head; so, when I joined her, 1 at once came to the subject which was uppermost In my thoughts. "Miss Gerty," I began, "I want your help. There are some things that a woman under stands a great deal better than a man, and I have been told something to-day that I cannot under stand at all." I was pleased to see that Miss Gerty's face grew as serious us my own. "I am only a girl, Mr. Rusden, and have not seen a great deal of the world, as you have; but any help I can give you you aro welcome to it." "This is what Is troubling me, Miss Gerty. Ella tells me that Mr. Li3siDg has asked hpr j.o marry him, but she says she is quite certain that he does not care for her. Now, I have puzzled iny brains ever since to find out what motive Lessing can have for wanting her for his wife, if he he not in love with her. The man who marries Ella Summers does so only for her own sake, for I am sure that her father has no fortune to give with her. I could very easily understand anyone caring so much for Ella that he would he proud and happy to get her in the gown she stands in; but, 1 repeat, I cannot com prehend why Lessing, if he do not. care for her, should wish to win her. Girls seldom err on the side of believing too little of a lover's profes sions, yet, do you think it is just possible that Ella may have done so in this instance? It is the only explanation that occurs to me. I would like your opinion, as you have had a number of opportunities of observing the gentleman with her." "You must only take my opinion for what it is worth, Mr. Rusden; hut I must say that It never struck me that Mr. Lessing cared for Ella. Of course you never know how any particular man will show Ills regard; yet If you find all the ordin ary symptoms absent, you may reasonably sup pose that he is not smitten very badly, it at all." "And you have never seen anything to lead you to suppose that Lessing cares more for Ella than she believes?" "Only one little trifling thing, of no import ance." "Tell me what it was, please." "The evening before poor Charlie was mur dered, Ella and Mr. Lessing and myself all went for a ride. When we came home Ella and I went Into the diningroom, and she at once took off her hat and gloves and laid them on the table. Then, I think, I said I was thirsty; and we cut two lemons and squeezed the juice into tumblers on sugar, and went out to the verandah to fill our glasses at the water-bag. After a little, when we returned, we found that. Mr. Lessing had come in in the meantime. He was standing be side Ella's hat and gloves, and seemed to be touching them; but he moved away at once when we entered the room." "What did you think he was doing?" "Well, had he cared for Ella, he might have wanted to take one of her gloves; or. if he had wished to give her some in a present, It would have been a good way of finding out the size she took." "And which do you think he wished to do?" "Well, both gloves were left; and I know he never gave her any , for I asked her ; but perhaps poor Charlie's death may have put the matter 4out of his head." "And that was the only thing approaching a 'symptom' you ever noticed? Thank you, Miss Gerty. By-the-way, how many odd gloves have you got at home?" Tlie shrewd, serious girl was gone, and the arch, lively Miss Gerty was back in the twinkling of an eye. "That would he telling, Mr. Rusden. You are real mean. I'll never help you again." "Let us part friends. Miss Gerty; I am going to effaco myself now for the rest of the evening, before the gentleman on the verandah, who has all the 'symptoms,' comes and takes my scalp." So saying I left her, and went Into the house. I was glad to liud tlie diningroom empty, as I wished to write in my notebook the information which Ella and Miss Almyr had given me. I had procured copies of the depositions ot the wit nessed at the inquest and police court, and had carefully arranged the notes t took of what Keith told me In the prison. The plan 011 which I meant to work was, first to gather the particulars of everything that had happened for some time before Charlie Summers' murder; of everything that had happened since to those in any way connected with him; making a note of things great and small, even when they seemed alto gether irrelevant to the case: and then, having got my materials, to sit down and study them diligently, and try and worm out the hidden clue to the mystery. I admit that very many of the things I noted then were never of the slightest use to me, and ! will, therefore, trouble you with few of tliern; yet, I think if you con sider how desperate was Hope's position, you will understand tho eagerness with which I clutched at every straw. Perhaps, also, a reason why I wished to spend time ill accumulating these minutiae, was that I dreaded the hour when they would all be gathered, and I would have to ask my brain to master them, and solve the enigma. I had grave misgivings that in Its dulled condition it would be unable to read the rid dle. (To he continued.) 