ANAELAL PHANTOM. -r a SAncaa. Amongst flie stroagest of all natarat phenomena maybeinculea that r«mwkab« opli al effect kno» ujheminge. or fata morgana. TMseamie which prodae sthis singular and somewhat ran apeet de ta-'w present bat -mperfeetly unf ersoo*; ft Is now. Rffor aimnnixd thit an aonnans ondition of ti» atmosphere most exist, suffldentU dense as »o f nn 11 sort of mirror, more or less concurs, upon which the objects in the vietnitr are reflected aad magniSed, the apoHrent effect being that they are brongtit appreciably nerer to fie beholder. This winter has on two occasions been -fortunate in witnessine thM phenomenon In the Sonrb of £ng-land. A considerable number of hip« were aaibtis; on the horison, when sndiuMy a m-wt extraordinary »p-M»n«t pre-wntefl rael', for over oach vnssel appeared, an inverted dnplicat? a Teri'able phantom ship, the top of the. mainmast renting npon the corresponding part of the real ship, as the vessel tacked, bo the eonrse of the phantom was altered 1 as a sail was lowered, so the pbanrom sallom, standing on their heads, lowered a phantom sai! ; erery movement of the kmI and snbstaqtlal TesseV being exactly imitated by its spectral eomptnton ; the one howewr, feeing sparently equally real sod solid as the other. Every resse! in sight had Its doable, following it *boat overhead as a Wrtaff nightmare ; eT«ry »aitor on deck h dan inverted ghost, who cooled his erery m 'Tement -with exact precision; if he ran up the rttl'nes the specrre ran down to meet hltn, retnrnln* opirardi to hi- overhanging deck when the living Mali**.* Juuwlul Tf llA rnlnh^ Via OHIIArtllP ftlBfiPr ths spectre did the same at the flame m ment, as V t^e 'wo were animated by the name y ;w«r. After a tltafl alt this ▼intshad «way, and-. - ' 'l.kethBJbaseieasfabrio of.a vilioB, Left not a wrai'hbshiod.', OeeisIonAlly this ph'hmenoa is- observed to invert 'high in air objaets far below the horiiEon, bringing the-n within tbe range of an observer situated- far -V*ym-d the natural range. Int'til« way some of Sir. 3? inn-Franklin's Ship* wbtb aieowrad; and in the 5«U«a Chant* v&eprtlmb;»m'BVm.fMoi r»nver, even :bs Miing boats in the faarbonr. the? bqUdin^s, and the different eaioor of the land on the heights betas also vMble. O{ eonme, this was ordinarily oitofBithtlBeln«;.below fliahorlcon. .' . - . ? This farm of mirage-. occasionally happens in ths dc sert in a m-fflt tuntalbing manner, for the weiry travel'er sees, a short distance in front of him; a b-ULati'nl oa-is. palms waving in a refreshing brers* which he feels not in the parehln?, sultry, heavy air. green grasii on w*i-h he bop«s t v regale his eihan-ted ei- na!H. SS0I4 of deaden water riDDline in the moving air. to wtrch he hurries on in o.der to «5sn«ge hii birninr thirst, and to bathe his heated and wearv limb'. E»ge lr he presses forwari, eager for a dranght of that CmI sgt4 gra'eiil liquid, whea t- his d:smay and hopeless despair hs finis thAt it was all but % tantallxing i-lu4oa. which as -*ded away into nothl p dashing all his hopes of 'leawrs to tbe ground, and lsavinK bbn to plod his we*ry may orer the hot, barnlnz aand. Aad do not very mtnr of as in onr parsait of p'efcsure eiaetly repeat this traveller's experience, and find that the ]i'«sBnre we had bem eagerly pirrauin -, to the eternal rain of soul and bndy was bpt an in-nbstinttal mirase, wheih eln -«d onr ardent gnsp, and le t as a panting and exhausted iT«k, rained both for this world and for the next? But these are pie ««ires; solid and laatioff pleas ires, ?a ecstatic thit the m-nd of man id lneinaUe «v«n of conorirng their overw«BlininT glory ? .which a;e aocensible to all who oare to potisesa ftem. And ' the only war to secure an ioheritanoe «o tho e p!ea-rnres is to ' fear God, and Keep His eommandments,' the atonement made once f»r all by the Saviour of -ha world being a sure ani absolute psssport to- all who will but accept ir. ; A MtrsioAi. Education' fob a Cbowu.— Che above heading will, of Coarse, appear to most people as t'»e height of Hbsardity, yet the absurdity is more apparent than reaL It soes without saying that a finished e duca tion in a regular course cannot be had for a crown, or even with several hundred additional crowns, bnt can it be truthfully said that the penon with a sufficient know ledge of music to play accompaniments on a piano or orgrn, to all the popular and standard 8onesof tbe day, had no musical education? 4S8uredJy not. A mnsic'l education sufficient to enable any one to play correctly accompaniments o the songs sung; m the borne, frequently sets and stives more pleasure from tbe. modest accompaniment than does many on whose education large sums bare been expended. To the more modest musical education the above heading applies. Such an education the Southern Argus is now enabled to offer lis music loving readers for a crown, believing it one of the greatest benefits it can give to its subscribers. Tiiis ready made education consists of Pratt's Chart of Chords for . the Piaio -and Organ, which is th_e nearest app oach to a rea-)y made knowledge of music yet attained by science. It is a short cut to harmony, ? and is to music what the -multiplication is to arithmetic, a quick method to learn to play the piano or organ ritbout a teacher. ~ With t'-us Chart anyone can with but a small amount of practice become an expert pianist. It is a complete self instructor, enabling anyone to play t e piano or organ at eight, and to play without lifficulty brilliant accompaniments to and song ever written; It is valuable to the' advanced musician as well as the simple beginner,. embracing nearly every major arid minor chord used in music, and is endorsed by teachers and musicians everywhere. T iis Chart is the practical result of yean of study by Charles F. Pratt,« the not;d Vmericaa comp ser and musician, whnse compositions have world wide popularity and a, larger sale- than those of -any otner unerican or European composer. BelieVins iliat tha educational value , of this Chart annot- be over-estimated, the j Southern Ar-gus ha« arranged with the. publishers to supply Pratt ? Chart of Chords is its readers at 5a. eichand, in addition the publishers have .Kindly .'agreed to send, without extra charge a copy of the Giant Album -rf -bQngs containing 184 songs with words and. music Many of these songs are old-time favourites ?Jong out of print, that van be obtained in np . '-^bet.iAy^^Br^V-home-ilmths^/^i^awMif. organ, especially where .there are children, should BSv*o ''ftitt's ;;. Chart' :ipf XJnbnte;: This offec is jnade for.a fhort, iiuijS onlfj and j*e ^B^^A^s;*re^Jej*-j»tou!d avail themselves of it withont delay. ?- . .? ? / 