THE COLONEL'S DAUGHTER; (Published by Special irrnngnnmnt) OR THE STRANGE STORY OF MY LIFE, BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER, PART I,— THE FORESHADOWING. Homburg in tbe very height of the season, and I sitting alone In a room on tbe first floor of Rlttcr's Hotel. For years past I had not known what It was to feel as I felt that day — restlesB, nervous, 111 at ease, thankful to be alone. I could settle to nothing. I went from the win dows overlooking the green, smiling park, to the table; from the tablo to the sofa; from the sofa to the gaudy pier-glass which decked the apology for a fireplace. It was a handsome room as hotel rooms go, ihd my people had spread various belongings of my own hero and there, so as to make it look mors like tho rooms of my own home, that home In tho stately castle In Styrln which called me mistress. These, together with tall palms and many fragrant flowers, seemed to almost hide tho native garlshness of tbe original room. I stopped at last In front of the glass — what a hideous glass It was, and tho face that looked back at me from it was the face of a ghost. Was It really me? I drew a long breath and pressed the palms of my hands hard against my throb bing temples. Yes — but who was I? Who was I? That' was the question. Ah! There was somebody at last. Tho door opened, and Franz, my own servant, entered softly. "A gentleman Is Inquiring for Madame la Prlncesse," he said, quietly, "Lord Clovelly. Does Madame la Prlncesse receive this morning?" It was only by an Immense effort that I wa3 able to shake my nerves Into something like their usual order again, and to answer Franz as If it we're no more than an ordinary visitor. "Oil, yes, Franz; I will see Lord Clovelly. Y'ou can bring him here." As the' door closed noiselessly behind the ser vant I turned back to the window again. Oh, wbat a struggle it was to force the working muscles of my face into their usual calm lines, to slop that horrible trembling of my under jaw, to fight against tbe feeling of deadly faintuess that was creeping over me! ' Then I heard the door open again, and Franz's Well-trained voice said, "Lord Clovelly." It was a minute or two before I could turn round. Before me stood a man tall, erect, sol dierly, scarce come to middle ago. He was deeply bronzed, and his eyes were very blue. It yt as the face ot one whom for years I had thought ot as dead— It was a face come hack to me from another world! I. went a step or so to meet him, but It was a . speechless woman who stood facing him. As for Lord Clovelly, he held out two trembling hands —"Oh, Doremy, Doremy!" he cried. In a voice of the keenest anguish; "have you nothing, nothing (to say, to me?" THE STORY. CHAPTER I.— GOING BACK TO THE BEGINNING. . It may sound rather an odd thing to say, but I had never been home In my life. The truth was I had been born and brought up In India, and the far-away country which we English people always called "home" was as a sealed book to me. I knew nothing whatever about it. Sometimes, when I wa3 little, I used to ask my mother what home was like, and then she would describe a far-away, quiet, sleepy ltlnd of existence in which cburch-golng played a great part — church-going and the poor — and when I would say to her, "Yes, but that is not what I want to know. YVhat about London? YVhat is London like?" then she would answer, "My dear, I never saw London but once, which was for a week after I was mar ried,. when It was all so now and strange and confusing that I really can hardly tell you whnt London is like. I have a recollection of buying a great many things, and of looking In a great many shop-windows, and of going to theatres, which was a new experience to me, and of how your father laughed at me wberf I wanted to see ' picture galleries, and churches, and other sights. But he was very good; he took me to see as much as he could before we sailed; but it is so long ago, dear, and It wan such an unresttul time, that It Is more like a dream to me than anything else. Some day we will take you home, we shall all go home together, and then we will make a long stay in London, and you aud I will do it and learn it thoroughly." But alas ror the mutability of human hopes and desires! We never did go home together, for long before my father had even begun to think of a couple of years' leave, my pretty mo ther had gene to another lionte from which there is no return, and to which we may make no ar rangements for companionship by the way, for,, when I was nearly fifteen, she fell a victim to cholera and died. My mother's death made a changed man of my father.- Theirs had been a most passionate love match, n love which began on the day that he, staying at the squire's In tho little north-country vlllago of which her father was rector, had fallen In love with her when Ills eyes first fell upon her under the spreading chestnut treeH which shaded one side of the Rectory garden. I have never seen that old garden, but my bio- thor described it to me often and often. My father was twelve years older than she was, and at that time of day she was only eighteen. Iler whole life had been bounded by ber father's parish. The most prominent person who had ever come Into her existence had been her father's squire, Lord Rivers. She had never In her life ventured from under her mother's wing, hut had grown up sweet and simple and shy as a wood-violet, surely the last girl in the world that one might Imagine would be called upon to leave home and kindred and to make her own the utterly and entirely different life which Is lived In the shining East. And yet, how wonderful love is! One glance of a stalwart soldier's brave blue eyes was sufficiently mag netic to draw tbe simple young girl completely away from all the ties and associations of her whole life. He proposed to her within a few days of their meeting, and six weeks later they were married In the littlo country church where in she bad been christened, married by tbe father whom she was leaving, never to see again. And. so the two turned their backs on wbat to her bad been ber world, and set their faces to ward the unknown. I can safely 3ay that my mother never repented the stop which she took that day. From first to last, my father was her lover and her king. She worshipped him, and he, for his part, Idolised her. Lovers they were always; an ideal husband and wife, they existed for each other, and I, their only child, was ever and always a something out side their perfect life. Not that I had ever to complain of lack of loveoh, no, no. I can never look back to the day when my mother Beemed to be fettered by my presence, or my father to bo Impatient of my childish questionings. I had the most devoted ayah who ever existed, and perhaps it Is true that Indian mothers do not have very much trouble with their children; but still, I never In my life felt shut out, although I was always conscious of only coming next to my father and mother In the estimation of either. Mv father was never the same after mv mother's death. YVhen the time came for him to take his two years' leave, lie resolutely declined any idea of going homo. I was most bitterly disappointed. I was very young, but Just sixteen years old, and the ambition of my life had been to pay a long (delicious holiday to the old country— to go home. My father, however, absolutely set Ills faco against any such Idea. "No," be said resolutely, "If your inotber had been still with us, it would have given me the greatest possible pleasure to take you and her home again; but to go without her, leaving her out here all alone; to go to visit such of her people as are still living, to go to all those places which we last saw together, is more than I can endure. It Is quite out of tbo question, Dottikins. Y'ou must not ask mo to do It. One of ' these days you will go home without me, and you Will understand then exactly what I am feeling JIOW." I felt the hot tears gush into my eyes as his meaning broke upon me. "Dear father," I said, slipping my arm round IBs neck, and holding liim vory tightly, "don't think that I want you to do anything that will hurt you or make you think too painfully of what might have been. I shall be quite content wherever you are. I wish I had said nothing about It." "Oil, my dear," be replied, "you are young — very young — and young things happily do not quite understand the sorrows which come to older hourts. Yours will come, child, soon enough. Don't think that I want you to be any different to what you are. Y'ou remind me more of her every day." So it came about that my father and I never went home together, and the long, dreamy, deli- clous wanderings which dear mother and I used to discuss with such pleasure of anticipation never came to fruition. YYe (J M not waste our leave— oh, by no means. We took it out; as it wore, In patches, Instead of enjoying It all In one lump. First we went off to Cashmere' for six mouths, then, when father had put In a few months' more work, we went in tho opposite direction, aud made Japan our Mecca, and so wo got change of scene and of air without reminding father too painfully of the holiday to which he hod so long looked forward. I had Bpent most of my Indlun life at Simla, and had been at school there for some years. WitU our journey i-to Cashmere my school days came to an end. and l>y the time we returned from Japan I was, to all outward appearance, quite a woman growd, although I was but just seventeen. By then my father had assumed tbe command of Ms regiment, and on my return borne to take up my position as mistress of bis bouse, I found myself a person of considerable Importance. I think, on tbe whole, that my father felt my mother's death less after I came home for good. Of course, he mu3t naturally have been terribly lonely during tho time that I was still at school, for all that we spent of the whole year together was the time when he was able to get leave, or I was able to go down to the plains. He did not say much about It — he was never a man to mope, but re mained a gallant, upright soldier to the very end of bis life — but others told mo how bitterly he bad felt his loss. There were ladles in the gar rison who vie re most anxious to mother me on all possible occasions, and they one and all united In telling me that my father was quite a dif ferent man now that I had come home altogether. For myself, I was perfectly happy at this time. Of course, I would have been more happy It I could have had my mother, as I had naturally looked for ward to doing, but I was young, and young people do forget— at least, they do not go on feeling as older ones do. 1 have often thought slnco that It is middle- aged people who suffer intensely from bereavement. 0!<1 folk bear tho loss of thoso they love with comparative equanimity. They seem often to feci that It Is no use giving way to their grief, that, after ail, it is but for a time, or, as some poet puts it, "A passing out of this room Into the next." And young things, although tbelr grief may be very poignant at the outset, scon learn to find other Interests and to make the best of wbat Is. But middle-aged people— men in the very prime of life as my father was — It is tboy who feel grief and sorrow with intensity. Still, he did feel It less after I went home, and it is almost impossible for mo to express how great was my satisfaction when I realised beyond ail doubt that such was tho ease. Of course, it would have been but a dreary and monotonous existence for me if my father had been a man to mope and shut himself up with his grief. Fortunately, he was one of tbo cbeerjpst and most pleasantly domestic men that one could meet with In a year's march. He was always in terested in my little projects, always ready for me to take tbe smallest bit of pleasure that hap pened to be on foot; ho would cheerfully go, night after night, to some dance or other festivity, and stay till all hours, watching ine enjoy myself, when I daresay he would often much rather have stayed quietly at home. "You are staying late to-night, Colonel," I heard someone say to him one night. "Ah," replied my father, "my little girl Is en joying herself. I like to see young things happy while they havo the chance." "Miss Mnsslngham is enjoying herself," re joined the other voice, with a laugh, "that is very certain." "All the better, all the better!" I heard my father say. "She won't enjoy herself too much for me." Aud then I stole away, and neither knew that I had beard a single word. CHAPTER II.— MY LIFE CHANGES. I was sitting at tiffin one day with my father, when ho looked across tho table at mo with a glanco which was one-lialt of apprehension and half of anxiety. "Dottikins," he said, speaking rather abruptly, "I think you ought to get off to tbe hills as soon as possible." - "Off to tbe hills!" I exclaimed. "But why?" "Well, you know, you have had a long spell of ibis place, and It is getting fearfully hot. You are looking vory pale and peaky, far too much so for your age. I think you won't be able to wait for me. I shall have to make arrangements to send you off to the hills by yourself." "Oh, but 1 can't go without you, father," I replied. "1 think it would be better." "Oh, no, dear,, I really could not leave you down here. You ore ever so much happier when X am with you; you know that." "Yes, I know that," he said, smiling; "hut, at the same time, if you get run down a shade too far, that won't make me happier." ' "Oh, hut 1 am not ill!" x exclaimed. "No, you are not 111, but you may get ill at any moment. You know, child, you are uot seasoned as I atn, and every day now the weather will get worse, not better. The beat will get more oppres sive and tiie atmosphere more stuffy." "Hnl m rtf Vir»i» olwnvfi ctnvnrl /Irtwn with wnnO" "Not tbe first year or two," he replied. "Oh! Didn't she?" "No; she wanted to do so, for she was just as unselfish as you are, but it became so very plain — patent to the meanest observation, indeed— that she could not stand heat as well as I could, that she very sensibly gave .in after trying it for part of one hot season. I really think you had better go up as soou as possible, and I will follow you later on." "But I cannot go by myself, father!" I ex claimed. "No, no, of course not. Mrs. Sheepshanks Is going up." "Oh, I couldn't go with Mrs. Sheepshanks and all those crying babies! No, father, I really could uot. I would rather stay here, even if I died." "That is talking nonsense," said my father. But he laughed under his moustache, and I knew that Mrs. Sheepshanks was, under no circum stances, to ho my companion if I should bo com pelled to leave him at Muggrapore. Finally I turned my hack upon Muggrapore, and set off for Simla, in the company ot Mrs. Hamil ton, a gay little woman, whose liusbund was in tho artillery. She had only been out three or four years, and had no idea of burying herself for love's, sako in a down-country statlou during tho hot season. I ain'tiot sure that my father was not a little doubtful as to her efficiency as cha- perone for me. She was young, and distinctly ot a gay turn; oue of those blonde-haired, blue-eyed, insouciant little women, wbo take life as it comes, and as easily as human nature aud circumstances will allow. Sho was undoubtedly extremely fond of her husband, and would Infinitely havo pre ferred that he should he going to Simla likewiso, hut as ho was not able to go to Simla any more than my father was, sho made the best of tho fact that she had to go alone. My father and Captain Hamilton both came to see us off on our journey, and as tho tralu steam ed out of tho Muggrapore station, leaving the two standing together on the platform, her gaiety aud brave airs all melted Into a perfect passion of tears. "It Is awfully silly of me," she said, dabbing fiercely at lier eyes with a little wisp of a hand kerchief which she hud roiled up into a tight ball in her nervousness, "because, of course, Jack's coming up as soon as he cau possibly get away, but" (choking) "I always feel like this when I leave him first., It is awfully silly. You will think mo a perfect fool, child. Some day you will be married yourself, and then you will know what it Is. Poor old Jack! I almost wish I hadn't come. But, of course, ho insisted ou it, aud, after all, it would be an awful bore for him if he were to have me ill on his hands, and the doctor sail I should get ill if I stayed down in stuffy Mt ggrapore. Horrid place! I dou't kuow why they wanted to quarter us in such a hole! How lucky we got the carriage to oureslves!" she added, presently, in a different toue, "because I do bate crying before people aud making a fool of myself. Tbere, you needn't look at me witli such pitiful eyes, Dorothy. 1 am all rlglit now." And then sho whisked open her bag, whisked out a little dressing- glass, which she stuck up on the window ledge, and began to dab at her face wish some cooling lotion. "One cannot afford to cry In this country," she explained to me. "That is what Jack said when we first came out — 'Dou't cry about things, little woman. Nobody can afford to cry iu India. It takes too much of your vitality out of you.' I must say that I have always fouud tho poor dear old fellow perfectly right." Sho liad spoken truly when she declared that she was uot goiug to cry any more. Not auotlier tear dimmed her radiant blue eyes so long as I was with her. It was a hideouB journey, and I felt sometimes as If I should hardly live to reach my destination alive. True, we had our diversions as we went. YVo had u carriage reserved for us — that is to say, reserved for our exeluslvo use, and as there were samo train, Mrs. Hamilton made a great show of her good-nature iu inviting them to pay us little visits. She did not make them free of our car riage — oh, dear, no! But at the first stopping- place, when a couple of them came to seo how we were getting on, and to inquire if we were com fortable, she graciously Informed them that they might come In as far as the next station It they liked. "Aftor that," she said, "wo shall be rest ing, and you will be glad to get back Into your own compartment." Still, even relieved In this way, tho journey was a most tedious one, and glad we were when the last tiresome part of it was over, wlton we had left tho hot aud stuffy train and found our selves carried along like so much baggage. Looking back from my present standpoint, I often feel that It was just as well that my father had not realised how very young a chaperon Mrs. Hamilton was. Wo stayed at an hotel only for a few days, and then moved Into a charming little bungalow which the Ilamlltons bad rented from some friends who lived at Simla alto gether. Sho was young— she was really much younger than I, although sho tva3 three and twenty, and I was not yet eighteen— sho was gay, she had plenty of money, and Bhe denied herself nothing. Every indulgence which sho granted herself she set down to tho score of Jack's wish that Sho should uot mope. Surely Jack muBt havo been the most complacent husband to be found In tho length and breadth of India — of the world, for that matter, She bad tho smartest dresses, the most gorgeous liveries, the most cheery little tiffins and dinners, aud she went here, there, aud everywhere, knew everybody and was a universal favorite. Being her house companion, I too went everywhere and knew everybody. I was not, perhaps, such a universal favorite, because I lacked her wonderful flow of spirits and her tremendous amount of enterprise; but, all tho same, 1 managed to hnve a very good time, aud In every letter that I wrote to my father I'saug my littlo hostess's praises and bog ged liiin to hurry along as quickly. as lip could that lie might coiiie up and share our fun. lfo alwayB wrote hack in tlio same struin: "Enjoy yourself all you can. Delighted ypu aro having such a lovely time. Don't stint yourself. I trust to your good sense and discretion nut to overrun the constable too much." /To be continued.) 