P J The Christian." ' BY HALL CA1NE, . , ... Author of "Tiik Manxuan." FIRST BOOK. Tnh Outer "Would. > XVIII. — (Continued ) ' ... John Storm went back to the Canon's : : v.' house a crushed and humihutcd, man. "I can do no more," lie: thought. "I will give ... . it up."; "His old influence with Glory must hare been lost. Something had come, be tween lliem— something or someone. ""Any- how .it is all over and I-rnust go away.somc- wncre. , : . -To)go on seeing Glory would he useless. ::i It would also be dangerous. As often as he was face to face with her lie wanted to lay hold of ..her and shake her ..and nay; 'FYou must do this and: this because it is my wish and direction and command; nnd it is I that say so.:" In the midst of" God's work how ; subtle were the temptations of the devil! But with every step that he went plod, plodding homo there came other feelings. He could sec tho girl quite plainly, her fresh young face, so. strong and so tender,. so full of humor and heart's love and all. the sweet \- - beauty of her form and figure. ' Then the old pain ill lus breast came back, again and he began- to be afraid. "I ivill take refuge in the .Church,'' he thought. In prayer and ponnnce and fnst- . ing he would find help and consolation. The .Church, was peace — peace from the noise of life, and strength to fight and to , vanquish. But the Church must be the Church of. God — not of tho world, tho flesh ' and the devil. " "Ask the Canon if he can see me iimne- diately," said John. Storm to tlie footman, \- and ho stood. in the hall for the answer. . The Canon had taken lea that day in the study with his daughter Felicity. Ho was reclining on the sofa, propped up with vel vet cushions and holding, the teacup and , .saucer like the. wings of. a butterfly m both hands " We have been deceived, my dear " (sip, sip), " and we must pay the penalty of the deception. Yet we have / nothing to blame ourselves for— nothing whatever. Here was a young man from heaven knows where, bent on entering the Church. True, he was merely the son of a poor lord who bad lived the lite of a hermit, hut lie was \- also the nephew, and presumably the heir, of the Prune Minister of England." (Sip, sip, sip.). " Well, I gave lunr- his title. T ; v received him into my house. I made him free of my faintly — and what is the result ? He lias disregarded my instructions, antago nised my supporters, .anil borne himself to- wards me with. an attitude-of defiance if not disdain. -. . . . Another cup; my child." Felicity poured out a second cup of tea for her. father and sympathised with him. She r . .wondered, how he could have, tolerated the young man so long. , "I had my reasons, dearest; hut as I . toll jou, I have been deceived— repeatedly ... deceived. . For example, I did not know until he..told me,. a little more than anion th ago, that before coming to me lie had finally quarrelled with his father— a most cal- pahle and indeed uncompromising- instance of concegfment— and that down to the day of. Jus arrival, he .had never: so muchas'set eyes on his uncle." Felicity was not surprised. Tho young man had no. conversation and his reticence was quite embarrassing. Sometimes when she had friends and asked him to come down his silence— well, really "We might have borne with these little deficienccs, my dear, if the Prime Minister bad been deeply interested.. But'lie is liot- I doubt if . he lias ever seen his nephew since that first occasionr And when I called at Downmg-street about the time of the ser mon beseemed entirely undisturbed- 'The young man is in "the wrong place, my dear : Canon; send -him hack to me.' That- was ' all" "Then why don't you do lt/'/askcd Feli- : city. "It is coming to that, my child; but I must be . discreet/ -I must watch my oppor tunity. Blood is : thicker 1 than . water, you know, and after all——" -.. .It was at this moment the footman en- tered the room to ask if the Canon could see Mr. Storm. "Ah. the man hinuiplf!" said Mia ffnnnn .. . rising.- "Jcnkj-ns, remove, the tray." \- Dropping his voice, "Felicity, I will ask you . ' to leave us together. After what" occurred this morning at the hospital anything like .... . a scene. , . . Then aloud, "Bring him in Jenkyns. .. . Say something, my dear. Why don't you speak? . Come in my dear. Storm. You'll see to that mat- ., ter for me, .Felicity. Thanks, thanks! Sorry to send: you off, but I'm sure Mr. : .. Storm will excuse you. Good-bye for the present."-. - ... Felicity went out as John Storm came in. He looked excited nnd there was an expres- .aion of pain in his face. . .. "J am sorry to disturb you but I need not , detain vou long, "lie said "Sit down Mr, Storm, sit down," said the , Canon returning to the sofa. But John did not sit. He stood by the . chair vacated by Felicity and kept beating . - Jus-hat on the back of it. ';< : "I have come to tell you, sir, that I wish to resign my curacy." . v- > - . The Canon glnnced up with a, stealthy ex pression mid- thought, " How clever of him! To resign before he is told plainly that he .has to go— that is very clever." - . Then he said aloud. " I am sorry, very sorry. I'm always sorry, to part with my clergjv Still— you see I am . entirely frank with you— I have observed that- you have not been comfortable of lute, and I- think you are acting for the best. When do you wish to leave me v / " Assoonns convenient— as early as I can be spared." ... , . . The:- Canon smiled condescendingly. . /That, need. not trouble you ut all. With a. staff like mine, you sec. . . . Of course you are aware tlmtT am entitled to three months' notice." . . "Yes." . "But I will waive . it;. I will .not -detain you. Have. you seen-yoiir uuclerou the. sub ject?" "No." "When you do so please say that I always try /to remove impediments from a young i.man's path if he is uncomfortable — in the wroiig place, for example." - : "Thank you," tyiid John Storm,. and then lie hesitated a moment before stepping -to the door. . \- The Canon lose and bowed affably. "Not an angry word," lie thought. "Who shall say that blood does not count for some thing?" " " , V . "Believe me, my dear Storm," lie said aloud, "I shall always remember with pride and pleasure our "early connection. It will continue to beti source of satisfaction to mo that I wiis able to give you your first' oppor tunity; and . if yo'iiv . next curacy should chance tobein London I trust you: will allow us to maintain the acquaintance." - V ' ' John Storni's face was twitching and his pulses were heating violently, but he was 'trying to control himself. ; "Thank you," lie said; "but it is not very likely — . . ""Don't say you aregivinguporders,dearMr. Stonn, or perhaps tliat you are only leav ing our Church in order to unite yourself to another. Ah! Have I touched on n teiidcr point? You must hot he surprised tliiit rumors have been rife. We cannot silence the tongues of busybodies and mischief mak ers, you know. And ! confess; speaking as Sour spiritual head, and adviser, it would e a source of grief to me if a young clergy man who lias eaten tlie bread of -the Establishment, and of my own living ns well, were about to avow -.'himself the sub- jeet slave of an Italian bishop." . . -John Storm came back froin'tlie door - "What- you arc saying, sir, requires /that I should be plain spoken. In giving up my curacy I am not' leaving the Church of Eng land, I am only leaving you." 'V: "I um so glad, so relieved." "I am leaving you. because ,1 cannot live with you any longer, because tlie atmo sphere you breathe is impossible to hie, be cause your religion is not my religion or your God my. God!" . . \- "You surprise me. . What have I done?" "A month ago. I asked you to set your face as a' clergyman against, the shameful immoral marriage of a man., of scandalous reputation, hut you refused; you , excused the man- and sided with him. This morning jou thought' it necessity to investigate in public the case of one of that man's victims, and jou sided witli tlie man again— j-ou: de nied to the girl the right even to mention the scoundrel's name." "How differently we sec tliingsj . Do you know I thought my examination of the poor young thing'wns mereifiil to the point of gentleness. And thatl may tell you— not withstanding the female volcano who came down on me— wns tlie .vicw. of the Board and of his lordship-the elmirman." ., ... .' Then'. I am ' sprigr; to differ fro.m :themi . I thought it urinecessarj' ahd'iihmanljv.arid' brutal- tifid evehJ blasphemous!"'' "Mr. Storm! Do ,ou know what jou aresayhig?" . . , . ... . "Perfectly, and I came to'say it." \ < His eyes were wild, his voice was hoarse; lie -was like a man breaking the bonds of a tyrannical slavery.'- "You called that poor child a cruel name because she had wasted the good gifts which God hod given ,lier.iKIRut God has given good gifts to you Mso-ygifts of, intellect and eloquence with which you might Have raised the fallen and supported the wenk, tind defended the down trodden and comforted the. broken hearted— and what have you done with them?, Y'ou have bartered them for benefices, and peddled theni for popu- lantj;you have given them in exchange for money, for houses, for furniture, for tilings like this— and this— and , this. You have sold your -birthright, for a mess of pottage, therefore' j'ou arc the sinner." - . .. "You're not yourself, . Bir; leave' me,'.' and crossing the room the Canon touched tho bell.,, ; . "Yes, 'you are ten thousand times worse than that poor fallen girl'. with her taint of blood and wilj. There would he no' such women as she is to fall victims to evil com panionship if there were no such men as j ou are to excuse: their betraj-ers and to side with them." "You're mad, sir! But I want no scene — — " — ."And you . are. in the Church,, in the pul- 8 it, nnd call yourself a follower of the ne who forgave the -woman and shamed the hj'poentes, and had not where to lay His head!" But the canon had faced about and fled out of the room. .'The footman came in nnswer to the hell, nnd finding no one but John Storm he told mm that a lady was waiting for him in a carriage at the door. > It was Mrs. Callender. She had come to >i that she had called at the hospital for I oily Love and the girl had refused to go to the home at Soho. . / "But wliatever's amiss with ye, man?" she said; 'You might have seen a ghost!" , He had come out bareheaded, carrying his hat in his hand. "It's all over," he said. "I've waited -weeks and weeks for it, but it's over at last. It waB of no use mincing matters, so I spoke out." His red eyes were ablaze, but a great load seemed to be lifted off his mind, and his soul seemed to exult. "I have told him, I must leave linn, and I Bin to go iimn'edinteljv The disease was .(.lire and the remedy had to be dire also. . Tlie old. lady was holding -her breath nnu watching his'Tliished face with-straiiied at; tention. ' ' ' , . . . "And what may ye be going to do now? , "To become a religious in something moie than / the name; to leave the. world alto gether with its -idleness and pomp, and hypocrisy and' unreality.'-' . , -. ."Get yoursell some flesh on your bones first, man. It's easy to see j-ou.ve.no been sleeping or cating.-.these. days and, days, to; gcthei. . "That's .noUnng— nothing at all....- ..bod cannot, lake half j'our soul.; -;.-You must give 'yourself entirely." / -..t; .- : ; . \- "'Eli; laddie, laddie, I feared me this. was what-j-e were coining til. . But a man can- not.bui-y himself betore lie. is dead.- Tie may bury: the linlf of himself, but is it the better half?- tVliat. of his thoughts— Ins wandering thoughts? Choose for yoursell, though, anil if you , must go— if you must hide yoursell for ever, and this is the last I'm to see of yon ... j'ou may kiss- me, laddie— I'm old enough, surely. . . Go on James, ..man; what for arc jou sit ting up there staring?"' . , ; : When John Storm returned to Ins room h found n letter from Parson- Qunvlc It was a good nnturcd, cackling epistle, full of sweet: nothings about Glory and the- hos pital, abonjt Peel and the discovery of- the ancient ruins ill the graveyards of the trcen- chiipels,- hut "itj ' " closed jyith . this post- script—....../.-..'... .. . "You will remember old Clinlsc, a sort of itiucrant beggar and the privileged pet of evcrjbodj'. .-Tlie silly old gawk has 'got hold ! of your, father and. lias actually niadc the.old I entlemnn believe, tliiit j-ou nrebewitclied ! omeone lias put tlie evil eye on you— some woman it would., seem— and/ tliat is the reason .whj' you have broken away and be haved so strangely ! it is most cxtraordm- arjv That such a foolish superstition should have taken hoid-of a mnn like your fatlier is really quite astonishing, but -if it will only soften his rancor against j'ou and help to re store peace we mny perliaps forgive the dis trust of Providence' and the outrage on com mon sense. - All's well. that ends well, j'ou know, and we shall all be happy." xix. "Lost, stolen or strayed— a mnn; a clergy man, answers to the uiime of John Storm. .Or rather lie .does not answer,- haying al lowed himself to be written to, twice '.with out making so much as a j'np or a j'divl by vray of replj'. Last seen six daj's ago, when lie was suffering fromihe sulks, .'after' being ! in h .dc'il gf a temper 'With a helpless and innocent maiden who 'doesn't know liothin" that' can have given him offence. Anj'one :giving Information of liis welfare and wliere- nbouts to the said H. and I. M. will bo gen erously arid appropriately rewarded. "But soberly; mjr dear John Storm, what hasheeomeofj'ou? Wherearoyouand what ever have! j-ou been doing since the' dny of tlie dreadful inquisition?' Frightful, ru mors are -fly ing through', the -air -like' knives, and they cut and wound a poor girl Woe- fuly. : Therefore be good enough to reply ;by 'return of post— and' in person. "Meantime please accept it as a proof of my. eternal regard 'that after tivo knock- ; down Blows received in silence I ain once 1 more coming up smiling. Know then that I Mr. Drake has-' justified all , expectations, I having compelled Lord Robert to provide | for ; Polly.' r Thus you' will be charmed to- ohscrve in- me the growth of tlie prophetic ! instinct;-., for . you ;' will remember my posi- 1 tivo prediction 'that'-if a girl 'were in j ttouhfey 'and - the Wncceesitj' arose, Mr. , Drake -would- he the'-first tovhelp her. Of course-he liad a great deal to say that" was as' sweet- as sjTup on the loj'alty of my "own friendship also; and lie expended much 1 beautiful rhetoric on j'ourseU as. well." It I seems that j'ou are one-of 'those who follow t he impulse of . the heart entire!)', while | the. rest of us - divide / our" allegiance with the head; and it you display, sometiniea the severity of a tyraiit'of our sex, that' is only to be.'set doivn as another proof of yoiir re- gai-d and , of the: elevation of the pedestal wheredn you desire 'us to be placed. Thus he reconciles ;nie to- the hairmony.' of 'the ;unb. verse and-makes' air things eusy and agree able. ' - v.:/ / '". "Being on. night dutjr now, and therefore at liberty from 0.30 to 8.30, 1 intend to pay Polly aiid her.boy mj' first call of ceremony . .this, .'evening, '-when/ anybody'else would' be ! welcome 'to aecompnnj'' me .who jiiight be' willing t'o':cdmbi'td' thi8 .Bhrme ofi iiirioc'ence" aiid love in the spirit of the wise'mcn of. tlie East. Biit'lest anybody should inquire' for me at the liospital at the first of the' -hours aforesaid, this is to give' warning that i the White Owl has .expressly forbidden | all intercourse between the niembers of iicr staff and the discharged and dishonored I mother. Set it down to my spirit of I contradiction that I intend to disregard the mandate though - I 'dm only too well aware that .'tho'" poor', discharged and -dis honored one- has no other idea of friend ship than that of- a loj'alty in which slie shares but is riot sharing. Of course, woman is horn to such selfishness as the sparks fly upward; but if I should ever meet with a inan who isn't I will jnst give myself up to him, body "and soul arid belongings, unless he lias a wife or other encumbrance already and is: booked "for" this world; and in that event-I will enter into my own recognisances arid be bound over to him for the next. . GLORY." At 0.30 that evening Glory stood waiting in the portico of tlie hospital, hut John Storm did not conie. At . 7 she was ringing at the bell of a little house in St.' Joan's Wood that stood behind a high wall and had an iron grating in the garden door. The bell was answered by a good- natured, slack-looking servant, who was friendly and even familiar in a moment. "Are you tlie young lady from the hos- Eitdl? The Missis told me about you. I'm >iisa, and coinc upstairs. . . . Yes, do ing nicely, tlmnk you, both of 'em is— and mind j-our head, Miss." \ Polly was in a little bandbox of a bed room, looking more pink nnd white than ever against the linen of her/frilled pillow slips. By the bedside a woman of uncer tain age in deep mourning, with little twinkling eyes and fat checks, was rocking .the baby on her knee and babbling over it ill words of maudlin endearment. "Bless it, 'ow it do notice! Boo-loo- loo!" Glory leaned over the little one and pro nounced it the prettiest baby she had ever teen. "Symc 'ere, bliss. There ain't secli an other in all London! It's jest the sort of baby you can love. Pore little thing, it's quite took to me already, as if 'it wanted to enkerridge you, my dear." "This is Mrs. Jupe," said Poll)-, "and she's going to take baby to nurse." "Boo-loo- loo-boo! And a nice new cradle's awaiting of it afront of the fire in my little back parlor. Boo-loo." "But surely j-ou're never going, to part with your baby!" said Glorj/. "Why, what do you suppbse, dear? Do J'ou think I'm going to be tied to a child, all mj- diij-s, and never be rible- to go>.nuywhere or do anything or nnrase myself at all?" "Jest that; It'll be to our 'niootuhl benefit, n8.I'S!iid wlien'I answered your. ud- vertisemont." ; , .: Glory asked/the womnn if she wns.mnr- ried and had aiij; children of her own? "Me,. Miss?' I've -been- married . eleven years, and I've- nlltis prnyed the Lord -to gnnine childring. Got any? On'y one little Kirl;-:but I want to adopt another from, the birth, so as- to have something to -love when -my. own's growod up."iv. i'. L - Glory supposed that Polly could see her babv. at any time, but the womaii answered doubtfully — . \--"Can she -see -babj'? .. Well,- I -would rather, not,- cert ingly. -.If -I- tj'ke it1 1 want to feel it is sj-me ns my own : and . do my dootv- bj' .it- pore tiling; and if the- motlier were coming rind/going I- should -alius feel as she had the first claim.'' / ' . . .Polly showed no interest in the. conversa tion until Mrs. Jupe.askcd for .the name of her "friend," in lieu of .eighty, pounds-tlmt were to be paid down/on" the' delivery "of the child.' . .i..,.'"?-,.--....:'/; "Come, niike up j-oiir niind; mj dear, and' let me tike', it away nt' onct. "Give .-me his nnnie, that's good enoiigh for me."- . - After sonic hesitation Glory', gave Lord Robert's name. nnd nddress, and the woman prepared the; child for its departure. . . . At the street door Glofj' asked Mrs. Jupe |, for. her own address, and tlie woman gave. ! her K eftib saying if over sliowun ted to leave the liospiul.it" would he-ensy tolielp sr.eh a fine looking voting woman as islie--. was to make a bit of living for herself. : : (To he continued.) \ 