A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGA'TI'D BJ3 A 3COltEi OP PEOPLE AND VOI CHE') ViOR 13Y A PROMINENT iM EM B13El 01' PA RLIAMENT. ,OCOMOTOR AT!tXIA, LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE 13Y T'lE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF 'TH1' WVORLD, HIAS AT LAS'i' iBEEN CONQU EI?ED. A CI EAT VICTORY FOR DR. \VII, LIAMS'S PINK P'ILLS. (i'rom the "Australian Workman.") On ''Thllrsll y afternoon o lll Irere sentative made his way to the humble home of Mr. 'l'lhomas Jarvis, 4'15 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was iup and abouit and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that lihe was an in valid on the rapid road to conva lescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of :n opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "H-low long were you suffering?" "\Vell, twelve months ago I got so btad tllat I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give ul) my billelt at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terr'ible. They were just about as mucuh as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw werei cutting my bunes in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shiver ing and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. Ont the 23 March last I saw a well-known doctor, :and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Instituti ons." "Did you make use of the order?" "No; L came home anun went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed over since. (l"ive weeks ago 1 could not walk acei'?~s t'ie floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. 1 felt tLhe1 that. it was all over with me, and only a, question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending nme, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for live or six weeks. 1-He cainme to the con clusion thlnt 1 was suffering from loco mnotor ataxia, or progressive locolnotor atlxy, ir. disease of the spinal. cord, clharacterised by peculliar disturbances of gait, and dilliculty in co-ordinating voluntary inovcemients. He told me that in ight last for teni years, and I.lhat. I nmight.l never get the use of my legs. (.lust then the patient licked hiis legs about. with energy to show that. medircal opinion is not infallible.) W\\\ell, just as a drowning man will grasp at : straw, I graslped Iat. n idea conveiyed by the advertisemenlit descrilb ing the culre effeected in the case of another loiler-nliker in Enghiland, wvhicli 1 read in the "Australiani Work mian," by D)r. Will lime's Pink Pill; for Pale People. I read in lthe advertise menl. of a case which seOnll.ld to lit my own. I deternlined to give .lIe 'ink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for lox. The effect was as nau'vellous as it was ningicanl. I was able to eat ild sleep as Ihilogh nothing was the matter with Im le. It was the irstl. appetite and real. I had for ininy a day. It. was incredible. I imm illintely left tihe bed inld was aIloe to lmove aboll I have take'n 'four boxes of Pink Pills during the pa;t four weeks, and an' new iakting the fifth box. I ?cn walkt Ibmi tl with the aid of stliik, i ut l atu gradll lly, alt lu'ely, recovering illy thle I. lThey weir'i iindo fotr m!e ) a lfore I glot, the h le Pills, b iut I was too weak to usi e theri, an ld i I lion.'t onat. th ati . All I want is ihis stick, lid I hope soon to do withoIut it. Yout see I Jilt rapidly regIiI1niIg n1 "lie is 100 lper cent, belt ," slays alrs. Jti rvis, who had come in and takein tie iaby on hleer kInIce e. "The Pingk Pills li.ve saved I is life, and. made :another maisn of him." A friend who caleled in at this poiint, said tl.hit Jarvis looked ten yealrs younger Ihat nlay thant liele i for. nigh previ oously. "I can now," continued iJarvis, "have a. cold biatlh, and all the feeling has collio back in lay legs. If I keep on going ihe way I am, 1 hope to le able to resumlnel work I a boiler- akoler, and you klnow l have to be in thle very pink of health and strength to work t that tralde. I am beiter Lwo-dnav than i have been at any time dli'uing the past five yearl's. 1 ascribe all the clhnge 'iidy benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I ain ill nlo pain now whatever, and fool like t new ;nan. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium alind norphi pills whliil the dlctor gavIrele to deaden lthe excrulating' pain. ButI they can stay where they are, for I no longer need tihem. Everyllody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being Iaboutl again has ctlseid quite a sensailtion out here."s Sucih is this reml-rkalble history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the, astonishing cuthres wrought y r. W ol Ians's Pink Pills for Pale People. PThely cure locooltor L.taxy, potal'sl plu'alysis, and spinal disease, also the many disord ers which arise fron all impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complex ion, general muscular weakness, indi gestion, loss of appetite, shortness oftn breath, lpains in the back, nervoaus headache, etc. Mr. J. S. . M'oowen, letder of the Labour iarty in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connec tion with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has knowin Jlarvis from infancy. He also knew that lie had to give up his work at Glebe island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused ad mission to tle Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the comielete recovery of or post order 1 box for 2s 9d, or 1/. dozen for 1-Is 9i1. 