"BE KIND TO EDITS!." .i: ' "tAir, Hiarrrn IlHSEnvnu. CHAPTER I. I AM the daughter of a Derbyshire vicar who " passes rioli " in the Peak district ononolnin- drod und twenty pounds a yonr. Thoro wero four of bs, two Rirla and two boys ; and iiow it.wi»B nil managed I know not, but we .uovor Wanted brcudmid clieesoto eat, a warm lira In wintor, or decent clothes to wenr. Wo owed no man anything, and never refused a erusb to a poor neighbour worse off than oursolvcs. But it may be well supposed wo had not much to spend on education. My fatlior, himself a Rugby und Cnmbridgo man, was able to teach his boys, and did so most thoroughly and conscientiously, and ut fifteen or sixteen tho good follows proposed, of their own accord, to go to the neighbour ing towns of Uhestorlield and BnkcwcU as draper's assistants. Tho thing is not at all uncommon in that district of sninll clerical preferments. And if my ; brothers knew moro Latin und Greek and loss book-keep ing than might liavo boon desirable, thoy mudo up for it by their strict iulogrity and pleasant manners to their customers. So wo two girls, Mury nud myeolf, wore loft at home, and very soon we began to feol tliufc we wore ono too many. My father fell ill, -and had to huvo a doctor titad help in his duty ; wo lost a cow, and times became not a little hard with us. Now, an old friend of my father's was in tho habit of sending us " The Guardian," a few days after publication, and one oven ing, as I was glancing ovor its pages somewhat listlessly 1 cuioo to tho following advortisomeut : "Wanted in a Physician's family a Nursery Governess, or Superior Nurse, to undertake the entire charge of two iittlo children. Lady proferrod. Wugos twenty pounds. Apply, E , Gowor-streot, Loudon." " Why should 1 not try for this V" I cried on tho impulse of the moment. "Mary can do all the work which mother will lot any one do now tho boys are gone, and one quarter's wuges will pay Mr. Dalian's bill. Of course my father said, " No, no, my dour, wo shall gob on without tlmt." Of course my mother shed a few quiet tears at tho notion of one of hor daughtors becom ing a sorvaut. Of course Mary throw hor nrms round my neck and uEked how sho should get on without me. Of course tho boys, when they woro told, wore urigry with mo for during to do what they had dono themselves. 1 am not without a will of my own. A lotter was written und a favourable answer received. Tho children had been loft motherless in tho year previous. There was one boy and ono girl <—vory easily managed, but not strong in honlth, requiring cure. No menial work would bo required of mo, a nursemaid being kept. My moats would be served in the nursory. And so on and so on through two elicots of liotopupor— well-written and ex pressed", and all porfectly satisfactory, ftofurcnces wero exchanged, " for form's take," it wu3 said, and within throe weeks of my seoing tho advertisement I found my self in a third-class carriage of the Midlund- Ruilway steaming out of Chostoriiold. X hud a compartment all to myself, and /ojoiced thereat for two reasons. First, becuuso my good father had expended one of hia few preciouH shillings in buying a book for mo ; und I wus anxious to road it. And, secondly, because I hud nob yet bo- come accustomed to the strictly servant-like tppurel which itbad been docidcd in family council that 1 should wear in my now Jitiiation— a porfectly plain light print drees, a straw hat trimmed with brown ribbon, and a black jacket. X found after wards that X might have dressed just as I pleased. But my plain attire was not un becoming, only 1 felt a little awkward in it at first, and fancied that everyone would know mo ns a indy-holp. X rejoiced tlicro- 'fore in my empty enrringe, and road my book and ate tho cako my mother hud pro vided, very comfortably. I am not ono to make trouble out of nothing, and I rather enjoyed starting in life ou my-ovvn uccount. Bub ut Leicester tho door was opened, end a lndy dressed in deep mourning got in. She wus not in widow's weeds, but her veil was so thick that X could not see her Juco.' ' I could just muko out, howevor, bliat tho 1 wus vory pulo, and woro greon spec tacles. Sho seated hcrsolf directly opposite to mo, und from that moment nover turned her face from mo. Sho sub wibli her hands before hor, and her green spoctucles, dimly teen through her veil, fixed steadily upon me. I tried to read, but i'olb nil the timo the was looking at mo. I protended to want my Iittlo basket from tho ruck, und hor eyes followed mo us I moved. At last I took a scut on her side of the curriago, though riding with my back to tho ongine Invariably makes mo ill ; and, thoro ! if tho wretched woman did not deliberately turn found nnd fuco me. At first I thought my lorvant-like dross, und porlmps uusorvont like manner bntl etruck hor and made hor juspicious, but I reflected, that tlioro really Was nothing so unusual in my appearaneo. " I'll try what spooking will do," I said to myeolf, and romembor.'ng my now char- actor I said respectfully : " It ie turning quite cold, ma'am, don't you think V Shall I close the other win dow?" " No, thank you," sho answered ; " I don't fool cold." Again 'silence onsuod, nnd X felt that I must put up with her closo inspection as beet I might ; 'und only rejoiced to think that London drew near. Just as tho houses began to appear in \- streets and rows, my fellow passonger oponed her mouth, and asked abruptly, und in a hurried manner : " Are you fond of children ?" Of course I supposed that sho judged from my drees that I was a nurso, and replied olvilly : ' Yes, indcod, ma'am,, very fond." . ' « You would never be unkind to them 5" l "Unkind?" No Indeed 1" / V 1 Sho said no more, but continued, Btaring ut.me until the train stopped. As soon as \- tho t door was oponed eho crossed' over tho carriage and said iu a doopl solemn tone « lie kind to Edith." 1 " Beware tho ides of March," aould not have, been uttered in a more alarming way I ; I started to my foot, feeling euro that what I bad for somo minutos suspeotod' was indeed tho enso, and that I had travolled wHh'aliihatio. ' I tried to'delain'hor, but 1 ahe ahook.mo.offi, swung, from ttio carriago,. Iand ran rathor than walked across tlio station. The porter who had opened tho door looked at her with somo surprise, as sho was evidently not very young. " Tho lady," X said, " is nob, X think, quito in hor right mind." " Think not, miss ? Been troublesome to you, or fi'ightonod you ?" " Oh, no, no !" I answered, and thon 1 asked him ta\ eeo to my luggage, and got me a cub, nnd very soon X was on my way to Gowor-streot. Tho distauco is not groat-, and the cab soon stopped at tho door of the house, on tho brass plate of which was the namo of Dr. Norman. Tho driver got down, and before I could direct otherwise, rang the visitors' bell. IXo, ut nil events, did nob take me for a eorvunt. Tho door was' oponed, after a very short delay, by a middle-aged housemaid of highly respectable appearance. " I urn sorry,". I said rather nervously, " tlmt the cabman rung tho wrong boll. X am tho new nurse, und thesu are my boxes." " WAlk in, miss," replied the womun respectfully. " You were quito right to ring tho lmll-daor boll. My mistress told me vou were u olergymun's daughter, and were to bo trcatod, in all respects, as a governess, nob u servant, l-'ray come in. I'm glud enough you are come. Now thoso poor children will have someone to soo to thorn." X paid tho cabman und stopped into the halt. Tho house was somewhat dark and gloomy, I thought, and hud that air of by gone respectability which I huvo since learned .is shared by all tho bouses in that onco fnshionnblo district. "X'll huvo your boxes taken to your room miss, at onco. Perhaps you would like to speak to tho mistress, and thon muko acquaintance with your charges ? Will you follow me, please ? My name is Sarah." " And mine Emma," X ropliod ; " but I thought your mistress was doud." " The Doctor's wife, you moan. But his two sisters now keep his house, and wo call tho oldest mistress. They're in the draw ing-room new. Tho back drawing- room wo uao as a nursory. You shall go in and eeo the children wiion you como out from tho Indies. Oil, 1 do liopo you'll be kind and cheerful with them, and especially with little Miss Edith." X started as sho said tho name. The lady in bho train, then, must have boon a friond of tho family, und have known tho name? of the children ; but X had no time to reply, for Sarah throw open tho drawing-room door, nnd announced me us : " Tho now young lady nurso, it you please, ma'am." Two ladios, past middle-ago, woro sitting at work in a somowlmt shabby, untidy apartmont. They wero both singularly plain, and hud prominent front tooth, but what struck me particularly was their nervous, frightened expression. Even at Sarah's announcement of my numo they gave a little start, and scorned relieved to find it was no ono else. At that time I don't think X knew what a bailiff meant, oIbo I should certainly have suspected tlmt they feared a visit from ono. Howevor, tlicy wore civil enough, bade me take a seat, enquired about my journey, spoko of refreshment, and hoped that 1 should be comfortable. " Tho children have bad many nurses," said the eldest, " since thoir mother's death, but nuno of them Beamed able to keep thorn amused without disturbing tho Doctor. I do hope that witli you, an oducatod lndy, it will bo different. You will find Jnne, the nursemaid, a good girl, though slow." All this came out in a jorky, nervous way, as if sho was thinking of something elso, and both tho ladios soomcd relieved whon X roso to go. "1 bclievo," X said, as I reached the door, " that X travelled with somo friend of yours. Sho Boomed to know tho namos of the children, for Bho budo mo ' Bo kind to Edith.' " Xf a elioll had fallon through the coiling tho effect could not huvo boon more start ling. Tho needlework and the knitting both foil to tho ground. Tho ladles started to thoir foot. Ono wrung hor hands ; the other placed hors on hor heart as if to still its boating. At last tho older gusped out : " What was she liko ?" and tho younger : " Was sho rail, vory pale, dressed in bluck ?" " Yes, mu'um,"I answered, feeling most uncomfortablo. " Sho wus tull, pale, und in deep mourning. But I um very sorry X mentioned hor,as it seoms to distress you so much." It uppoarod then to ooour to the oldor Miss Norman tlmt sho must oxoroiso como eolf-control ami explain hor excitemout. " Tho subject is, indeed, most painful to us," sho said. " You have mot u porson who lias boon— all !" hero alio groaned doeply, " who lias troubled us much. I'ray do not mention hor out of this room." I gladly gave my promise arid still moro gladly retired, for tho violent emotion of tho two ladios had alarmed me not a little. As I wont out I heard ono of them moan : " Oh, how will it end ? How will it end ?" CHAPTER XI. Sarah was waiting for mo ontsido. I wondered whether Bho had heard' what hod pubsod. If sbo had she said nothing, but at onoe led tho way into the baok drawing- room, which wus shabbily furnished as "a nursory. - Tho room struck mo on entering as oppressively hot and oloso. A' rather fino lad of six years old was playing, somewhat listlessly, with some bricks at 'a low tublo near tho window. Closo to the firo sat a singulurly stupid, heavy-looking girl, of. seventeen or eigh teen, in nurse's costume ; and on her lap wus a pretty, fragile Iittlo girl, who, I felt euro at onco, must be Edith. Her cyos woro unhealthily bright, two little orimeon spots burnt on hor. checks, her lips were parohed, and she seemed to find it too groat an exertion to hold up her. head. ' " Why, the little ono is ill 1" X cried. "She's never woll," sold Sarah, "and yet master does not seom to know what uils bor, and this, powders he gives her do her- more harm than good. Sbo wants more air- and oxeroise,- to my thinking." : Jueb at this moment the caetie of bricks, which tho Iittlo boy was buildlng-faUtoj theAr round with a terrible crash;' "There," exolaimed Jano, " now- we shall! Jmvo your pa upstairs a'-comploining of-the. I noise ; and I shall catch it, as if it woro my fault." And, indeed, before sbo had finished speaking, u quick stop waB heard on tho- stairs, tho door opened, and Dr. Norman aame into the room. He was n you rigor man than his sisters, und, liko them, ho hud vory prominent tocth,and was singulurly ill- favoured. Un like tho two old ladios, who looked amiable and benevolent, his expression, it struck mo, wnB cruol und sly. Ho reminded me of a leun, hungry wolf on his search for prey. His clobhoB woro unbt-ushed, his face and hands not over clean, his hair long and un kempt. To my groat surprise ho shared his sist3rn' nervous, frightened manner, as if ho had undergono eoiuo great shock and apprehended its recurrence. " Surely this," I thought, " is tho very last man in the world whom ono would wish to liavo in a sick-room or by a dying bed." Indcod, I afterwards found that his practice was very small, and that only for an hour or two in the day did he leavo bho dark, close room which ho called his con sulting room, though few indeed consulted him there. In this dismal den ho smoked unlimited cavendish, und drank far too much gin and water. He wus evidently in a violent passion when ho entered the nursery, but cooled down when ho saw a stranger. " This is tho new nurso, sir," said Sarah. " Tlion I hope tho now nurse will prove enpable of keoping two children quiet. This room is ovor my own, and I am drivon almost mad at times by noiso, and especi ally by crashes." , " X'orhups, sir," said I, " some other room could bo nsed as a nursery. Children will mako some noise over their play." " No, ' no, no," he answered petulantly. " You must keep them quiot, I say. , I won't have tho house upset by changes. Now, mind, children, that X heur no moro noieo to-dny,"and ho literally snarled at thorn liked the wild animal ho reminded me of. Tho Iittlo 01103 shrank from him, tho hoy turned pulo, tho iittlo girl began to cry. As soon us tho man had left tho room, X sent Jano to got tea, and taking Edith on my knee and bidding her brother bring his stool to my feet, X told them tho story gf " Tho Throe Bears." This, with tea and a quiet game or two, lusted us until bod- timo. X was a little surprised ut tho sleeping arrangements. X iiud quito anticipated having my two charges in the same room with me, but found tliub they were to sleep in a room within Surah's at the back of tho liouso, while I had a little ohnmbor adjoin ing, but facing tho front. IVIion I ven tured to remonstrate Saruh said quito piti fully : " The iittlo ones have slept with me over since their lnothoi- left them, and X don't think they would like to bo uwuy from me ; and I'm sure I should not liko to liavo tlicin away. You seo, miss, X have had to bo a mother to thorn." Of course. I could say no more ; but I mudo Saiub promise .to cull me at once if eithor of tho children ailed anything in the nigiit, and especially Edith.' Whether I- was overtired with my journoy or whether X did not feel completely satis fied with my new position, for almost tho first timo in my life I failed to find sleep. Tbo room wus close nnd stnfiy after my airy bedroom at home, and though tho street is a quiet ono, a carriage or cart seemed to pass each time I was dozing off. I tossed from sido to sido, and ut last got up, oponed my window, drank some wutor, nnd struightenod my bed. While X was up tho clock of a neighbouring church struck twolve, mid it hud lmrdly ceneod when I heard tiie doer of Sarah's room softly opened. I stepped out upon the landing anticipating a summons to little Edith. Thoro was no ono there, but Sarah's door stood open, so 1 crossed tho landing and pooped in. The door of tho innor room was directly opposite, and stood wide open, oh Sarah had told mo she had always loft ib. A night-light burnt in the oliildron's room, and I could soo into it quite plainly. To my surprise and horror a tall, dark figure bont ovor Edith's bod, the figure of a womnr., nnd though X could not seo the face I recognised it in a moment ub that of my compunion in the railway enrringe. I rubbed my eves to mako sure that X wus not dreaming, and then considered what X ought to do. Should I alarm tho liouso ? I looked again. Sarah was sitting up in bod wido awake. Sho must bo awaro of the lady's presence. Who wus I that X should try to penetrate what wus evidently some durlc family mystery ? I would wait a timo, I decided, and watch carefully, and X would question Saruh in the morning. Tho dark lady did not lingor long. Sho came out upon tho landing with a porfectly noisoloss step, and liar veil drawn olosoly dawn. X drew back into tho darkness. Sho descended the etuirs, paused for a moment ut tho Doctor's door, then wenb down into tho hull, und I hoarc' tiie front door gently opened and closed. My norvos are not weak ones, but I own I trembled not a Iittlo as X crept buck into my room and got into bod. Wiio could this mysterious stranger bo ? Why did sho wander about tho house at night ? What did she want in the children's room ? X bud reud sensational novels, of course. Was I about to becomo the horoino of one ? But I was at length quito woariod out, and aa these und similar questions passed through my mind, I foil into tho sound, heulthy slumber which so seldom failed mo. When I awoke it was broad daylight, and Sureh was in the room. ",I have .brought you some hot water, miss," sho said. , V Thank you, Sarab," X replied, eittlng up in bed ; " but please stop ono moment, X want yon to toll me who the lady-in black was who came into Edith's room-last: night- and stood by her bod ?" Bho coloured distressfully. " Lady in black 1" she stammered ; . "why, you're dreaming still. Or, stay,; perhaps one of the Miss Normans." " No, Sarah, it was nob a Miss Norman,, and you know it, Y ou were sitting up in bed, and inuab have seen and'beard her.' 'Who was ib ?" " Well, miss, if you will know, it-was the .children? own mamma." " But.I thought sho woo dead ?" " So-sho is, but dead people walk some- -times," Hooked at hor and burst into-n laugh . " Bo-you really expaob-n fairly educated! -girl in this nineteenth contury 'to believe ' suchtraehns that, Sarah ?" I exolaimed. "Xf thoro are-such things.as.ghosts, thoy- don't Vweargroon-glasscs and'opcn front doors." jjyVoll.taiss, X-, suppose you aro twjsor, blmn every ono-olse. X can-toll you tho nurses before you. believcd in tho ghost, and that was tho real reason thoy loft. Jano only stays- bcoauso'sho'ssuoh a-stupid-pand, besides, sho ulwayasleepsin tho-abtic." " Bub do the Doctor und tho Miss Nor mans boliovo this- nonsense ? " " Yes, indcod they do, and are more scared than anybody elso." And when I remembered- thoir nervous, manner nnd frightened looks, .X-felt thab in this nt loast tho woman- Bpoko the truth. " Have they seen tho ghost, than ? " I asked. Surah hesitated, but - said ab last alio believed her master had. " Well," X said, after .pan sing to refloat a while, " if the Dootor and bis sisters know all, I don't seo that it is my business to pry into this mystery. Only I obould- sink in my own estimation if I lot you suppose for a moment that I believed tho ludy I saw last night to be Mrs. Norman's ghost or spirit. 1 no more believe this than you do." i I saw bIio could hardly help smiling at this, und us she was leaving the room I said " Ono word .more, Aro you sure this mys terious lady in blaok mouns no harm to tiie Iittlo ones ? " " Lor' bless you, no, miss. What harm should mistress, doud or alivo, do hor own darlings ? Why, sho doted on thom." " But, remember," said I, " that X don't yet believe in this boing your mistress ; and depend upon it, I shall bo ou tho watch." CHAPTER HI. X- Woolcs glided by, and I saw no more and hoard no ihoro of the mysterious lady in bluck. I settled down to my new duties tolerably comfortubiy. X found that 1 had quite cnougil to do, for wbon there was an uppor nurse the girl .Tune had to help both cook and housemaid. Tho old ladios wore kind and friendly us possible,- Sural) a capital spocimeu of an - old- fashioned ser vant, tho children docile und affectionate. In fact, tho only member of tho household I disliked was tho Doctor himself ; but 1 novel- saw him unless the children made a noise in tho nursory, whon ho would rush upstairs in ono of his ruges, and use his tongue, and sometimes ills hand, in u vor.v cruel manlier. As time went on I grew positively to liato him, Edith's health was my greab trouble and anxiety. . She was evidently pining for moro air, liberty, and exercise. ' X kept the window open us much as possible, and took both children daily into the square gardens, of which, through tho kindness of friends, we hud a koy. Bug tho woabher did not always permit of this, and the children wore hours and hours in tho close, dark nursery ; and Edith, boing natui-ully a delicate child, drooped like a flowor sbut out from sunshine. I did my best to amuse her in a quiot way, but a morry game oi romps was im possible on account of tho ogre in his don below. One favourite amusement was looking over and arranging again and again a drawer of iittlo treasures. One of-tho chief of these was a handsome photograph album given to the child by her mother, with Mrs. Norman's own photo on the first page. Though tho absence of greon glasses made a great difforence, I was slvuckut once with tho likeness to my travelling companion. I could not holp fancying that, whoever this mysterious being might be, she wiio still hnvoring near us. X found ono night on my drossing-tabio a lotter directed in what was ovidontly u feignod hand, nnd on open ing it I discovered a five-pound note, while on tbo inside of tho cover was written, "Fray continue to be kind to Edith." From whom, thought I, can this come but from hor who first used those -words to mo ? X closed tho cover again, -wrote on the outeido : " Declined with thanks," and replaced it on my tabic. 'When I came up noxbduy to prepare for dinner it was gone. At length, ono day Edith was unusually fretful. It was too hot-to take the children out till evening, and nothing would satisfy the little maid, who sobbed nnd screamed incoaeantly. Tho Dootor came up three or four times, eaoh timo moro ungry ; and, at last, snatohing tho child from my arms, be shook Iter and stopped her unmercifully. Jueb at tliat aiomont Sarah camo into tho room, and to my surprise— for sho had always spoken most rospootfully to him boforo— attacked bor maator liko an old hen whose chicken is in poril, " I wondor you're nob ashamed of your self, sir," she said, "ill-using that poor, doliceto babo in thab 'way, and she without a mother, too ! All I you'll bo- seeing her ugniu ono of, these nights. No woiidorsho can't rest in hor grave when you treat her darlings so." X had always hoard thab cruel people are tho groubest onwards ; but X was hardly prepared for the Dootor, with merely ubcowI of intense bitterness, walking out of the room like a whipped our. Then X had it long talk with Sarah, and told Iter X feared I must givo up .bho situa tion. X felt sure that the lioulbh of tho children, and especially of Edith, was suffering from the constant restraint thoy were under. I couldmob- provont them from disturbing Dr. Norman, and I would not aao them , ill-usod- by him. Someone else might manage better, and I would seek otbar work. 1 "Don't do that," said Sarah " wait and seo what happens. Thoro may'be a ohango before long." I suppose because I was worried and anxious, I was tbab night - again a long time-in falling asloep. At lust-Pfqll into an uneasy slumber, but very soon awoke, feel- ing sure that tomoonowus talking earnestly, in Surah's room, listened attentively, and' wou convlneed'that ib was so. Thon I roso quiotlyand crept, without putting on my,- shoes, to tho landing. A . dark figure wus - jusb coining out of: Sarah's door. I knowib utionca.Gs tho so- called ghost. X watched-her-uttonbivcly, but without going further towards hor. She glided softly rlownstuirB and dis appeared in the darkness. Then X crossed tho landlug and lookod down ; it was qui e .dork. Air ab oneen-pale bluo ligkt-lightod-.up. tho staircase,' .turning all uroand-to doathly hue, and- now l oould see. plainly the figure of the lady atandiog at tlio-Doctoi'o door. .Sho hod laid aside her bonnet and- spec tacles, hor - bnir bung loooe over hor; :elioutdors, and she'.'had-.ln hor/hand somo; ikind of lamp wliich- igave the blao-lightB have described, I couldriioe'her faco-plainly; for ono moment, :and felb sure from tbej photo iu Edith's book that -ib-.was Mrs., Njjrmtuij dead or;a!ive.:;' ' ' 0 ' Softly she -opened the door of;harihuf« bnnd-'s.roomtand entered, closing.itcbeh'ind her. Thon - thoro ' folk upon , toy « eats- the -most horriblo-sound'-'I- over 'board, -and I' truab aud praysib - may never -'botmy'lotito. -hear ib again— the - scream iofH amanUni mortal terror. Should I rush ,. down . to tho/Daobor.'et -room ? Should l cnll Sarah ? Shouldtl' irouse the Miss -Normans ? Surely theyj -must) be roused alrendy'-by- tbab awful- scream, for their room adjoined tho. Doctor's. While I hesitated, the door again opened,, and-the figuroreappearad. At the same moment one of tbo Miss Normans lookod: out of hor door, gave a scream -almost as wild as her brother's, shut- the: door and lacked, it ; and I heard tho two ladios — ?poor, dear, timid souls !— sobbing pitifully -within. Tho ghost appeared to have breath, for as soon. as Miss Norman had retired, she quiotiy blow out her lamp, snatchod some thing from the table which stood on tho landing— her bonnet and glasses. I sui posed— and ugain diSuppeured in tho dark ness. In another minute I heard the bail door opened and shut. X crept back to my bed mora puzzled and anxious than ovor, and thab night X slopt no more. CHAPTER IV. The children und I had hardly begun breakfast the next morning, whon tho Doctor bounaed into the room, arrayed in an old greon dressing-gown. I could not have believed- that a single night, howevor terrible, could havo so chnnged a man in appearance. His long, reddish hair had turned grey, bis oyos- wore bloodshot nnd lind dark rings round them, his complexion-was ghastly, and tbo. anxious, frightened oxprcssion I have, alluded to had-jnoiv becomo ono of abject terror. I uover saw a moro pitiful and re pulsive object. The children shrank from him, oxpeoting to bo ecoldod or ill-used. He took not tho slightcsb notice of thorn, bub oddressed himself to me as if repeating a lesson ho had learnt. " X think tho children ure nob quite well, especially Editii A Iittlo oiiang'o and sou air will do thom good this hob woubher. I will colegi'aph for somo lodgings at Hastings which my Bisters liavo sometimes occupied. I wish you to take off tho little onos by the first train you cun gob off by. Horo is a iivo-pound noto for the preeenb, and I wilt send you more." I was too much astonished to answer at once ; and boforo I had recovered myself, ho had placed t.ho note in my hand, and hurriod from the room. The tiro old ladies, trembling and tear- ful, came to help mo to pack, moro inclined, it seemed to me, to laugli thai) to cry, and thus X got off by a morning train, und reached Hastings in the afternoon. Tho effect en Iittlo Edith was almost miraculous. Sho no sooner breathed tho pare sea air, and was allowed to run as she likod on the osplanado, than eho becumo u now creature — laughod, shouted, lind jumped like a mad girl 1 Both sho and her brother made a famous evening meal of tea and bread and butter, and thon thoy soon became drowsy and asked to go to bed. It woo with a thankful heart tbot I laid them in clean white curtnined bods in tho same room as myself, und reflected that no dark, mysterious lady could that night hover over thom. The room fuced tho sea, and I set tho two windows ajur. A soft southern breeze blew in, and the lap, lap of the waves sounded most soothingly. In loss than ten minutes both little ones wore fasb aBleop. Then tho old landlady oropb upstairs— a kind, motherly body. Sho stood by tho children's bed and looked at thorn lovingly. "Ah, poor dears, and no mother you say, nurse ? Tlioy look palo little Londoners, nnd as if thoy wanted some of our fino sea air. I'll got thom some fresh eggs to morrow morning for breakfast. And you too, my dear," she wont on to eay, putting hor hand on my shoulder, " aro not looking at ail well. You havo been doing too much — sitting up at night perhaps. Young folk s can't bear thab. Now, do get out a iittlo this lovoly evening, anil sib in ono of our glass houses, or take a Iittlo walk by your self. You need not bo afraid to loave tho little darlings. : I'll nob leavo tho room, and if tiiey wako up they'll nob be afraid of mo. Children never are. I've hud aoven myself." Looking on that glorious sou, with the moon jusb rising, the temptation was too great to withstand. So I thankod tbe land lady, pub on my hub, and stepped aoross tho road to a glass house which stood just opposite our lodgings. Tho exhiiaratiug sea air was beginning to huvo its effect upon mo, too. It was long sinoo X bad folb so culm and happy, not since X had lofb my Derbyshire homo, The ovoning was lovely, und the moon was be ginning to make a golden pathway across the sea. I prepared myself for an hour's quiet enjoyment. But I was nob dosbinod bo be undis-. turbed. Looking for a moment from tho sou along the stono-pavoment which reaches to St. Leonard's, I saw a dark figure ap proaching. As I watched it X felb that the utmoBptiore of mystery in whioh I had moved sinoo I left homo wus about to follow motoHastings. Fori aoon -became certain that thoifiguro was that of tbo dark lady. I nerved myeolf to stop and opoak to her at any risk. But ahe did not- nood stopping. She came straighb up tame, throw baok her veil and held out bor hand. " You know who I am, I think ?" sbo. said. "Mrs. Norman,, I believe," I replied; " bub please will: you toll me whetber-you are dead-or living 1" Sho- smiled sadly. "You have etrong nerves, .young' lady,, asilihavo found before. Well, Iiam-deadUnj Gowor-streot, but alive hero. I am jiist going to explaia - iill'to .you. Bub-first lob me thank you with all.my-heart for kind ness to my darlings. You will take no re ward, I know'"— X thoaght of tho five, pound- note — " but a r mother's blessing canj do no barm to aoytone. Now. cansyouj listen-to a strange -story ? Aro ' you < at liberty ?" And I saw tbab mother- like sho was, thinking of-her,ohildren. " Yes," I said, " lamqnito at liberty,. ,and-ab<your>soi'vioe>for,tbe<nexb>hour. The, -mUbreza.oftiio housowhorovWoilodgoiisaoo-j tag to my: nurslings. Pray' tell mo,tayotfj jwill, wbat all thismystory moaus." Sh0'soalod:-horsolf-by>my sido— there wasi .no onoelre on the. seat — andithon in a low, , .nervoufl voico, aeif- afraid- of-"' being ' ovei'i heard, she told ,me— tho ufollomog . extra ordinary story' j —'11 CHARTER V.- " i " I-, married" Dr/vNorman 'i somo seven.or 'eight-years .ago. Sbrongeas ib.may seem to ,you-who-liave'Beon him ns;hoiisnow, sbrango !as>it'soems.tomyself, ib.waa a Jove marriage on my side, though oa Illiavo since dis-' icovorodithere was Httlo.onough on his. " iXe:thoughb<thab I'should liavo.a-largo: sum.of . money at my father's death, and! .when this.' huppencd, and ho found that jbhero was comparatively little, ho was. imisorably disappointed and bitterly, angry. At first ho brautod-mo witli'-coldnoas. thon with actual cruelty. " I noon found that he had a wealthy patient, an cccontric old lady, whom, but, for me, ho might liavo married. And ho loved monoy dearly, and yet had vory email moans. You know that his practice is almost nominal. : " Towards tho ond of lasb summer his manner towards me changed. Ho treated mo much-moro- kindly, und even sliowod mo some marks of affection, " At length towards tho autumn ho pro- poscd that wo should bake a iittlo tour ubrond — 'a second honeymoon ' as ho called it. I wus only too pleased to do so; far tho children, 1 know would bo' safo and happy with Sarah, and tho Miss Normans lived close >by. " The country ho chose was Spain. Ib was further off than I quite likod ; but I was so much delighted by his apparent ro-' turn of afleotion that I objected to nothing. "Wotravelled from one place to anobhor, und soon my husband's manner altogether changed. He bocame silent nud cold and, at times, absent. I asked him if he was woll, or if Iliad offended liii'n ; but he said lie uilcd nothing, and thut I had dono. nothing to displease hiin. Samotimos he was so abstracted and wild, that X began to bo afraid his mind was giving way. " We eume at last to un out-of-the-way town in the south of Spain, und put up at a quiot hotel tlioro. At diiinar lie suddenly asked mo if X folt ill. I answorod witii sur prise that I was perfectly well. He did. nob seam satisfied, and repeated tiie question moro than unco in the course of the even ing. " ' You have a look of coming illness about you,' ho saiu', whon I went to bod ; I fear you may liavo caught somo fovor or other in these not over-clean Spanish towns, I wish you would take some mcdicitio I huvo ill my portmanteau. I really think you might keep off u serious illness." "Partly to please him, and partly because hit questions had mado mo nervous, I at lasb- concerned! Whon X reucliad my bedroom Ilooked in the glass, but could not see that I looked in tho loast ill. "My husband camo up whon I wus in bad felt my puleo, tested my temperature, and looked at my tongue. Then shaking his head gravely, ho administered his draught. Immediately afterwards I fell into an deep sleep, ' " When X woko the hot Spanish sun was shining full into tho room. Tho landlady was standing by the bedsido, and with bor a young gontlemun who looked like an English doctor or medioal student. " ' Sho is rousod at last,' ho exclaimed ; 1 I thought sho would nevor wake again.' And the good Spanish landlady shed tears of joy. "But, oh, bow ill I felt! My head eoemed split in two, my limbs felt as if thoyi did not belong to me. " What timo is it ? " I asked. "Hulf- past three in tho afternoon. Did' you think you had slopt so long ? But what have you boon taking ? Your hus band has been gone these six hours, and left word thab you were to follow him. He evidently did not know your state." " ' My hnsband gone 1 ' I criod. ' Gone where ? ' 1 " And ill as I was X started up in bed. The state of the room rovcalod tho terrible truth. My husband had tried to murdor me, and-bad left me for dead. "Ho bad taken all tho valuables he could, find — my watch, jewels, purao. Only my- clothes wero loft, and he bad carefully des troyed evory letter or mark which could show who I was. " As soon- as I was ablo to tell my sus-. picions, and tho young doctor bad con vinced himself that I was not wnndoring in my mind, he treated mo with the utmost kindnoss. " He and a young friond had providon-. tially been staying ab tlio hotel, and the. landlady, finding tliab-l did not wako, and that she could nob rouso mo, had applied to- him. Ho much wished to set the polico on, my husband's track, but to this I strongly- objoctod. " I had already made my plans. I was. not without means, for, as X never felt entire: confidence in Dr. Norman, I had mouoy- stltchod into my dress of which ho did nobi know. I determined to retum directly to England, und X earnestly entreated that nothing might bo euicl or put into tho papers about what had happenod. Tho young dootor somewhat reluotantly under-' took to arrange this with tlio landlady.' In- fuct, from nob understanding English, sho, hardly understood the atato of the case. " My husband, no doubt, believed me dend, and-doos to thia day." " I know not how X escaped. I'or- haps the drug he .gave was less strong than bo thonght it was. " My great object now was .to protect, my children without making myself known. I was firmly resolved nevor again to live, with Dr. Norman, and yob I foored that, when I was removed'hoimight bo unkind' to the little ones. "Aftor consideration I took a quiet,., aheap lodging, not far from Gowor- streot,; and bought for myself the disguise iu, which you now see me. " I teok-Sarah inco my confidence, and', with her help and-by moans ofm-latch- ikey' . I-had-ln-my. pocket, f'httvobeenin. the.habit- of, paying visits to my darlings from time ; .to time. Some of thn.foolisk women. en-i gagedi as nurses- bappenod-to-scaime as you,; did, mid left iu cousequence. Tho. children, (themselves nevor once awoko. Had they .done so they -tvero. so ucountomei. to my. i'comuig to their bedsides at >nlghli,in.oldi jlaye ttiub I do not-thinkitlioy woulddinvoi been alurmod, "Sarah-was to teU-rae of anyunkindness, -to bbom on ttaeir.-fathorY.part. For somo, itimo ho took no notice whatever of- them,, but'then bogan to complain, of tho noise) Itliey mado abovo-his.boad. Ia-addition-to, jhis other amiable qualibies'.-ha-has.a moat- violent temper, and-wbon thisigot'thebotter) of him be would rash up to- tho-nurnory. /and' shako or strike tho children in.a very.. IsxHolmunnor, _-He'had found, upon bis; .-1..VKIJV.- -J ' 1 return home - that thei-rioh'and eccentrii patient, for whose lake I doubt nob be bad triedvto, murdor me, had.during his absencf murriedihor-batlor.'and tbis did-nob-tend to .mako-bim moreiplooid. His sisters, whom ho persuaded bo livo-wibh.:him,,aro,,as,you iknow, as.woak.atithoyvaro, amiable, andiari complotolyiunder,' bis: thumb. Melt 'that feomot!iing,mu0t-bo.done. " I had found'oub whilo-withihim-tbab-of -all supersbitiousicowards he is the worst. I determined, therefore,! an a bold-.Btep. I bought.a lamp, which ehed a, most. ghastly light ; and armed with this, wibh-my-hair down, and-in my loug black dress, I ven» tuicd to entorllis room. I stood-hy his bed, and snid tlioeo words in a deep awful voices ' Be kind to -Edith.' "The experiment was entirely successful. The dospicable foollitoral!y shrieked with terror, nor did he seem to doubtdor oni moment that be saw the -spirit of bir murdered wife. " For some time ho gave me no occasion to repeat my visit. Ho seldom.indeed Went near tho nursory. Of lnte-Sarab lios ogaiir complained of his canduct:to tho-litt!e ones. Yesterday sho-toldime- of his-roughness to Edilli ; nnd I determined to give hinr anothor loEson. Last night I again wont into Ills room. and nearly terrified tho wretch to doabb. 1 again only bado him : ' Bo-kind to Edith/ "It was quite enough, ib-wouldiBoem, fof .. beyond my. most sanguinoiexpccbabions ho has sont you down here-with her and-tho boy. As soon as Sarah told'me of. youl flight, I packed-a fow<;things andrfollowed by the next train. This-is -the -whole of ray curious-story, and no doubt ib will expiaio all thab'has puzzlod you." CHARTER. IV. When Mrs. Norman bad' finialiedispeafr- ing wo both kept ..silence for a- same. 1 was looking at - tbo, golden pathwaybnada by the moon onitbo sea, and contrasting tho peacefulness-ofthe.scene with-the fierce passion of.groed, cruelty, .and revenge of whioh she-had been-telling-mo. At 'last I said : "Muy l ask, madam wliat-you purpose to do now ? " She laughod hysterically. " I am going to intlicb one moro, punish ment on tho wretch— tho cowardly- wretch whom I no longer call my husband. To morrow morning lie receives a lotter from -tho dead-lottcr ofiicc." " What can y oiira eat), madam ? " "I mean bhab.I.um going to writothe words which torrify.60 much on very deep mouriiiiigipaper, and'leb<hira.gob it with, tho rest of liis'lcttors to-morrow-morning." "But he will eeo-theiposb-mark ationce." "It will not go through tho.post. Sarah will.pluco it in the -'letter-box during.tho night." " But do you really . think he will be alarmed at this, or beliove-tho-Iettor to be supernatural ? " " Oh, yon don't half know what a.miser- , ablo coward ho is. Besides you-musb-re-' member that ho is quite as - much afraid-of me nlive ns doud." Weil, I dissuadod hor ns much, as possible, for the scliemo seemed to.mo'botli wild- and cruel. But I soon found tbatisbo was nob to bo moved. In foot, I-liad-begun to suBpecb Btrongly that. ulthough-nothing could justify Dr. Norman-tbe unbappiness of his married life might not.be altogether owing to ilia fault. His wife, showed a bard revengeful spirit, and great wilfulness and obstinacy. Sho was horsolf a strong-minded woman, und had an utter contempt for weakness in ally shape, so that I could woll imagine that hor huobund's life with her had nob boon freo from thorns. X saw nothing of her the next day, which passod quiotiy and liapHy. The children appeared literally to drink in health and vigour with tho sen breezes. On tho following moruiug when we were sitting in the glass house, ;tho landlady came across with a telegram. It was from Miss Norman. " Tiia Doctor dead. Break it to thl children gently." l'oor children ! Thoy wero nob-likely t« bo much affected. Thoy had Iittlo cause tq lovo and mourn thoir fatbor. Yet thoy looked .grave, -and Edithovon shed afoW , quiet tears. Not so thoir mother, who joined ua in an hour or two. Sho reooived'the-awful in tolligenuo completely unmoved. "Tlio Doctor always sufferedifrom diseaso of the .heart," alio said, " and-'no doubt my letter guvo him a fatal shock. Well, ho .deserved tho. gallows, nnd has.gob off oasily. .The world is rid of it most despioablo .scoundrel. I do. not pretend to moura '.him." X turnod from.hor.in disgust, -and, yet sha was a woman- of strong affections, had eho /liocn more-fortunate in the objecb on whioh she bostowGd thom. Her meeting with tho two children was truly uffooting. Sho strained them, nnd>capeciully-Edibh, to her .iieurt again aud ugain, and.eoomed as if sho could nob enjoy enough the endearmenta .for which no doubb sho had so long -hungered. My.story.-is'Qnislied. Dr. Norman's death had happened as, his wife supposed. On opBiiing the letter from hor, he turned (deadly pale, pub bis band to, his -heart, and .oll'from hie chair. He novor apoko again. His sisters nuturallyideolined to live with bis widow. Sho took a small house in a /northern suburb, and thoy returned to , their old-lodgings. I, too, declined to livo with Mrs. Norman, as Bho much wished rao to do. I never ;oould be-with her without feeling that I iwasdn some . supernatural, onaball-events, .some uncanny presence. ' Besides, her character, asiportroyed by herself, was nob ;ono. which commanded my admiration or esteem. I soon found unoCher.situation in London, and um in it- still. Edith and the !boy sometimes come andisee me, and Sarah iis, stalk their mother's right hand, . Mrs. Norman, gave me at porting-a very .bandsomeibook, on tho fiy-leaf of whioh sbo ibadi.ivritten : "In grateful recognition of.greab kiadr noss shown .to Edith." 