The Pity of it. A Sydney Story BY Ambrose Thorne FOR THE " SUNDAY TIMES." [ ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IX. — THE WITNESS SUPPORTS POCUS. HITHERTO the WITNESS had denounced both candidates as political impostors and place-hunters. But it was impossible to oppose both at the poll. These being only the two candidates, one of them had to get in, and it was a question of choosing the lesser evil. In the last article he wrote before laying up, Mr. Hubert had forcibly dwelt upon this fact, pointing out that unless a third candidate could be brought forward at the eleventh hour, New Mesopotamia, as the only means of defeat- ing Pankeyism and keeping out Pocus, would be under the disgraceful necessity of supporting Hankeyism and returning Hocus. On the eve of the election Horace Asche sat in the WITNESS office writing an article, emphasising this view of the situation. There had been only the two candidates nominated, and he was calling upon the electors to make the best of a bad job by returning Hocus, when Pocus' " sekitary," in a still more resplendent suit and with a bigger cigar than ever, strolled in, and after spitting with greatly increased vigor on the floor demanded to "see the boss." " Not you young man," said he to Horace Asche, " I am on private busi- ness of a highly diplomatic nature, and must sue the old rooster himself. It is not a matter for understrappers to deal with." " In that case you can clear out as fast as you came in," replied Horace Asche, " for the boss is at home sick and not able to see anyone. I'm acting for him ; but if you give me any of your lip I'll act a bit for myself by dropping you outside into that gutter. Now leave before I reach for you." " Don't be so fast," protested the "seki- tary," hastily stepping back a pace or two ; " if you are authorised to act for the pro- prietor that's good enough tor me, and as the matter is rather private, if you have no objection I'll just shut the door so that we can negotiate without prejudice." Having received a confidential audience he informed Horace Asche that Mr. Pocus had just bought up the mort- gage on Mr. Hubert's house as well as the bills of sale over the WITNESS plant, the interest of which was all in arrears. " You know," said he, that the old man can't raise a stiver anywhere, so he is now abso- lutely in Pocus' hands. However, Pocus is not a bad fellow ; he is as straight as a string to those who are straight with him, but a most dangerous man to rub the wrong way. I am in a position to state that what he will do in this case depends on the amount of fair play he gets from the WITNESS to-morrow. After he reads the leader he may take possession there and then, and tumble the whole lot of you out into the street, or he may cry quits and give the concern a fresh start. It rests with you, therefore, to decide whether the boss, who is not so bad as they paint him, is ruined by to- morrow night or set com- fortably on his feet again." " You corrupt politician's hireling !" said Horace Asche, sternly, " have you come here to try and tamper with the purity of the Press, which is the palladium of your country's liberties ? I'll teach you !" He then rose and indignantly flung the tempter out into the middle of the street. Next morning, however, The Witness came out with a vigorous article advising the electors to roll up as one man and vote for Pocus. What the country wanted was good government. To confront the hydra- headed monster of Socialism it required a man of backbone at the head of affairs — a man like Sir George Pankey, who had the courage of his opinions. Mr. Pocus was a strong supporter of the Pankey party, also an upright, pure-principled man of clear political insight and unfaltering devotion to the cause of the down-trodden masses. Hocus, on the other hand, was a mere joint in the tail of Hankeyism, a shameless political jellyfish, a pettifogging mob panderer, who had too long been allowed to make the interests of that great pro- ducing centre subservient to his own selfish interests. Besides, what about Mrs. Mulligan's mangle ? The support of the WITNESS at the last moment just turned the scale, and after an unprecedented struggle Pocus won by two votes. " It was the proudest moment of his life," he said ; "more especially as the battle of the people, which he had won that day, had been fought on the strictest principles of honor and fair play." Hocus admitted that he had been " defeated, but not disgraced." He claimed the result as a " great moral victory." " Considering the nefarious combinations — he repeated it, nefarious combinations — that had been worked up against him, and the undue influences — he repeated it, the undue influences — that had been brought to bear, and the lying slan- ders — he repeated it, the lying slanders — that had been circulated ('Booh ! What about Mrs. Mulligan's Mangle ? ' from the crowd) it was marvellous that he polled so well as he did. At some future time, however, he hoped to have the honor of appearing before them again, when he was confident that the defeat sustained by the people's cause that day would be trium- phantly wiped out." The sovereign people then placed Pocus in a buggy, and harnessing themselves to the shafts, like the asses that they are, proceeded to draw him round the town amidst the wildest demonstrations of de- light. Pocus was returned ; what more could they want ? The country was saved, and the people redeemed. The jubilant crowd halted in front of the WITNESS office and gave three cheers, the loudest of which came from a gang of perspiring Pocusites, who had smashed its windows only the night before. The noise of the cheering woke Mr. Hubert out of a restless sleep in his cottage three Streets away, and he asked Ruth, who sat at his bedside, what it was about. " The election," said she. " Who got in ?" " Mr. Pocus." Her father turned his face to the wall, and vented a dismal groan. He had not seen the latest issue of the WITNESS, Horace Asche having got the doctor to peremptorily forbid Ruth giving it to him. " We must expose this scandal !" said he, suddenly sitting up in bed and glaring round with wild-eyed vehemence. " There must be a scorching article in next issue. Pocus' return is a triumph of jobbery and corruption, and the public shall know it ! It must be protested against to the Elec- tions and Qualifications Committee. He tried to bribe me with his dirty advertise- ments, and what he would do to me he would do to another." Ruth, who knew nothing of politics, and to whom all this was Greek, begged him to lie down and compose himself. Had not the doctor ordered him not to think about the election, as the excitement might be fatal ? She gave him a sleeping draught, and after a while he fell off again into a weary slumber. In a few days he felt well enough to get up and go to the office. " We were defeated," said he, to Horace Asche, " but must not despair. There is another shot in the locker. We can get ample evidence of corruption to sustain an appeal." " Quite true, " replied the sub-editor. " most audacious case. I certainly believe that Pocus bought more votes than Hocus ; but suppose he did. The election is over, Hocus accepts his defeat, and really the question is, whether it is our business to interfere more than anybody else's.' " Our business, sir !" said Mr. Hubert, sternly. " Are we honest men and con- scientious journalists, or are we suborned apologists for knavery ?" " What I was thinking," replied Horace Asche, " is how we could consistently back Hocus now after our attitude towards him during the election." " What attitude ?" said Mr. Hubert, darting to a file of the papers that lay upon a shelf in the office. What has the WIT- NESS FOR TRUTH ever said that commits it to be the apologist for Pocus, I would like to know ?" When Horace Asche showed him the leading article in the election day issue he at first flatly refused to believe the evidence of his own senses. He thought the delirium of the fever must be coming back. He gasped for breath, and turned pale like a man suddenly confronted by a ghost. " For the good God's sake," said he at last, in a hollow voice, " tell ma what it all means !" Horace Asche briefly explained. " You viper, you betrayer, you Judas !" screamed Mr. Hubert as the degrading truth was unfolded to him. " You have morally murdered me while I lay helpless on my sick bed ! Leave my office, get out of my sight !" He thrust his hands into his pockets. " I was going to say here are your wages, but I have not the money just at present. Give me your address, and I will forward it, and I hope it will be as far away from the sight of every honest man as you are able to go." Horace Asche accepted his dismissal with languid indifference. " No occasion for a row," said he, " I did my honest best for you, just as I would have done for my self had the case been my own. If it does not suit very well, go ahead and yank Pocus out of his seat to-morrow if you can, and you think it worth while. He certainly deserves it. My troubles whether Hocus or Pocus represents this constituency, or whether Hankey or Pankey luxuriates on two thousand a year as Premier." CHAPTER X. — HORACE " SETTLES UP" AND LEAVES. " It is best for everyone," Horace Asche reasoned, as he subsequently slipped out by the side- door of his hotel and took a round about course to the railway station. " It would certainly end in my marrying Ruth if I were to stay, and she deserves a better fate than that. The greatest wrong a man like me could do to any good woman is to make her his wife, and whatever happens I won't have that to answer for." Horace Asche was a nincompoop, and his conceit had always been pandered to by women. The devious route by which he had to go for the purpose of avoiding sundry shops and hotels, at which he had been trusted, not wisely, but too well, took him across the creek at the head of the falls, where the old log bridge had, through Mr. Hocus' influence, been replaced by a handsome structure of iron. Right in the middle of it he met Ruth. It was the first time since the night he had brought her father home from the meeting, for since that night no guilty fugitive from justice ever took more elaborate precaution against meeting the police than Ruth did against encountering Horace Asche. She believed that he must regard her as the most awful creature on earth. If ever she chanced to meet him she felt sure that the shame of it would kill her. As she came slowly along the bridge, leading little Martha by the hand, she was looking down at the water, trying to answer the child's questions about where it came from, where it was going to, how many fish were in it, and where did the baby fishes sleep, when she heard a foot- step, and looking up found herself sud- denly face to face with the terrible vision of Horace Asche. Gathering little Martha close to her side, Ruth stood like a hunted fawn brought to bay. The bridge seemed to swing and sway beneath her feet with a sickening motion, and the blue vault of the sky to spin round like an immense top. She felt the hot blushes scorching her skin. Out of the depths of his nincompoopish conceit Horace Asche evolved a tender compassion on observing these symptoms. " Poor little thing !" thought he, " it's going to be a case of heartbreak, but there is no help. The cure would eventually be worse than the disease !" " Good-bye," said he, after an awkward pause ; " I'm going away from New Meso- potamia for ever." " Oh !" exclaimed Ruth, drawing a long breath like one suddenly relieved from an intolerable burden. " I'm so glad !" Her artless sincerity was like a cold douche to Horace Asche. It chilled the soul of his vanity to the very core. Like all men of his class he had from the first taken it as a matter of course that Ruth was in love with him. That she might not be was a contingency upon which he had never once calculated. Perhaps she was playing the coquette. He would like to believe so, but one look into her great glad innocent eyes deprived his wounded vanity of that balm. He felt annoyed and irri- tated. " For two pins, my little Lady Disdain," thought the nincompoop, " I would stay till you changed your tune." The feeling, however, was but transitory — merely the unreasoning result of a pam- pered amour propre, smitten by a pearl of truth let fall from innocent lips, which plainly knew not what they did. It was much better, he thought, as things were ; his own magnanimous part would come easier. " But won't you say good-bye ?" said he ; " we were always good friends, I think. At least, I should be very sorry to learn that anything on my part prevented us." Ruth timidly held out her hand, and it rested for a moment in Horace Asche's big hollow palm, like the kernel in a nut. So their lives should be, he thought, his the strong, rough husk, her's the sweet vivify- ing kernel, nurtured and protected within its sheltering folds. How it was that he did not at that moment clasp her and kiss her and carry her off was afterwards a constant source of wonderment to him. Better perhaps for everyone if he had. Yet who can tell ? A man takes a chance turning to the left instead of to the right, and arrives ultimately at ruin. Had he gone the other way he might have reached a worse fall by a still shorter route. The might have been is the X in life's algebra, which must always remain an unknown quantity. What Horace Asche did was to suddenly drop Ruth's hand, whisper a hasty good- bye, and hurry away at top speed. When he got to the end of the bridge he climbed over the iron railing and hid himself down amongst the piers. The next moment an excited man, whom Ruth distantly recognised as the landlord of the hotel at which Horace Asche used to board, emerged from the bush and came running up the road. " Where is that fellow that used to work for your father ?" he asked. " Gone away," replied Ruth. " I know that, worse luck; but the ques- tion is, ' Where to ?' " " He never told me," said Ruth, " but perhaps my father might know." " Oh, yes, very likely, very likely, but he knows how to come the innocent about it as well as you do. You are a pair of beauties, both of you, and you can go home and tell the old hypocrite that I said so ! Nice way he sold us over the elections. Asche must have got a pretty penny from Pocus, too, and the least the traitor might have done was to pay me the eight quid he owes for board and drinks out of it. But," said he, shouting after Ruth, as she rapidly disappeared round the bend of the road, " if I can't get it any other way I'll have it out of somebody's hide, and you can tell him that along with it." As soon as Ruth had gone Horace Asche came out from under the bridge. " Ah ! ah !" shouted the publican. " I thought I'd cop you ! You are off to the station, are you ? It's lucky I came this way." " You might not think so after I've gone," said Horace Asche. " Now look here, Bungall ! I wanted to leave this place in peace and quietness with every- body, but before I go I must ask whose hide you are going to take that eight quids' worth of grub and grog out of ?" " Never mind ; you pay what you owe." " I am going to, you blackguard !" said Horace Asche, pulling up his cuffs. The settlement was a liberal one, after which, with a bunged eye and lacerated ear, he had just time to rush to the station and tumble in the train as it was moving off. CHAPTER XI. — MR. HUBERT IN THE DOCK. The next issue of the WITNESS was the talk of the whole town. Its blistering leader on the result of the elections sur- passed anything known to local journalism. A clear and circumstantial account of how Pocus had taken advantage of Mr. Hubert's absence through sickness to bulldoze the paper was given, together with particulars of several specific acts of bribery in other directions. Pocus was also denounced as personally and politically unfit to represent any self-respecting constituency. " There is only one way for the electors to wipe out this foul blot upon their corporate honor," said the article, in conclusion. " They must rise as one man, irrespective of party, and depose the political swindler of his booty by petitioning to have Pocus unseated." " Pocus must have bilked him after the poll," said Hocus. " Ah, well ! ' When rogues fall out honest men get their own.' There will be a nice washing of dirty linen before it's all over." He then went on to confidentially whisper how Mr. Hubert had approached his com- mittee time after time and offered the support of the WITNESS for a column advertisement. Pocus immediately recognised the malig- nant hand of Hocus in every line of the article, and told his friends in strict confi- dence the exact price Mr. Hubert had re- ceived for publishing it. " But it is going to cost a little more before it is done with," said he in a voice which, since the declara- tion of the poll, had lost all its oiliness and developed from a conciliatory whine into a pompous little squeak. " Unfortunately there is no chance of getting at Hocus, and the other man has not got a feather to fly with. Why, he is indebted to me at this moment for the very roof that is over his head, and that is the sort of gratitude I get for help- ing him. But this is going a little too far. My character, which is dearer to me than life, is not to be a target for paupers to shoot their venom at just because they are paupers. He need not think his poverty will protect him this time, as it has done so often before. He has traded on that too long, and as a matter of public duty I am determined now to put a stop to it." Next day Mr. Pocus seized the WITNESS plant under a bill of sale and foreclosed upon Mr. Hubert's cottage. After ha had been turned out into the street, where he stood wondering where to go, with Ruth and Martha holding him by the hands, a policeman came up with a warrant issued by Pocus, and arrested him on a charge of criminal libel. In the dock Mr. Hubert presented the appearance of a caged animal. His snow- white stubbly hair stood up like bristles, and his big, earnest, eager, stupid eyes, as, with head bent forward and tightly-drawn lips, he peered through the bars at the Judge, seemed ready to bulge out of their sockets. A born criminal, thought his Honor ; one of the types of the human bird of prey. He felt rather disappointed when the charge was only libel. The very least he expected was highway robbery or incendiarism. Asked how he pleaded, Mr. Hubert, in a metallic, throaty voice — distinctly a cri- minal voice, the Judge thought — said : " I plead nothing ; I have written the truth, impugn it who so list." That amounting to a plea of not guilty, the trial was ordered to begin. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 