: Scoex few yet is ago there existed in Tksons ! a bedj, styling i tedf the PtDsml Befonn As- Kisasiaa. As Us name tnpwd, its priaapsl , s object was to retorm oar rauilmiy rites, to rob i the metixds <A caareymg the deceased to the ! grave of some parriom c& their bidooasiesE, to i smpilfy sad economise, sad tariacslsdr to ! present the wearing of "the trappings sad the : J suite off woe." The series? aerer appeared to : gain popafarit? for ite tenets ; h Indexed on : throogn s ociij socfereaee for a j ear or two, and ; then gndnaDy mrited away as those bedies: asuaQj do that £s3 in enlisting the sympathies of the pobfic. And yet we hare somizmes thonadit- that appsren iiy tmsoccefsfti! asscriation 3 did exert some ntSttfTwe npon oor ftmecal sad : mcKtrxdng rites, and that- one in asensabie | diwricm. Ac the rime we speai of, a man or woman was not oesnsdered to bare bad granted | to them a decent funeral, rnitea placed in a Urd rioth corezed ooan, in z bkuik hearse, sardded with nails, beaded with bras or rack d. The botses were uscaBy covered, even on the hottest summer days, with enormous black dot bs, which hong upon them, and reached zlmost to their fetlocks, and sometimes if the : departed bad been one who was wealthy or ' loved, fashkzi mores— with a fixed expression of professorial grief set in their feces, blended with alooh off znxioos expectancy of obtaining a pec of beer— were added to the prooesaon and charged for extra. Bat snce the Association referred to sprung into existence, and aftfcu-Acd trs with iw lsctmes, and belabored as with ite pampblste, there has come a change in the mode of oar performance of the function «f burial, sod the easterns sod practice observed in connection with it. - In the first place — the old blade hearse— with its black dntbrd steeds, with heads surmounted by nodding pitithes, is now seen xnnch more rarely than formerly, hav ing been supplanted to a large extent by the shillybier, with, ite glass sides, so as to allow the dowers, bright tesamony of friendship and a&trion;, to be seen along the line of ronte. Thp old black enshrouded co&n; baa been replaced to a very great extent by the polished wooden casket, and . the. practice of . potting on a ant o? thin black clothes, a black hat with a deep band, »nd black kid gloves, has also been largely modified, the spectators of the last ceremony at the grave, having begun to realise that taking off warn woollen clothes in the middle of the day, in order to replace- them with their ones of black c-'oth, in which to stand. uvcovered on wet grass, onder the combined- maleficent con ditions of heavy rain, and bitingly cold wind, was pr-ictically niah akin to attempting snicide. The custom of remaining in rnounnng for a year is rapidly becoming more honored in the breach than the .observance, many contenting themselves with - merely placing a black band on the arm, even when they have sustained the loss of near relations, while some even do not go so far as this; Tombstones, however,- seem to fairly well maintain their old place in the feelings, of those left behind, and the practice of sending magnificent wreaths and crosses and garlands of dowers to lay upon , the grave, has developed to an absurd and extravagant extent. Another, and Bomezhatnovel practice has been introduced of being buried on the insurance or time-payment system,' the person paying a small sum, say 3 shilling a week, being entitled to be . buried decently, even thongh he expires directly after he has made the first payment. These (Changes, however, .point in the direction of reform, and may prelude others ; we are not without : hope that some- day the black hearse will be.put into (the back yards of the under takers. and become aa obsolete as an Albert car, a more convenient, and attractive vehicle beiu<' substituted for it. It is somewhat remarkable to note. the extraordinarily varied methods by which the various races in the world express their affection and respect for the dead. We all know of that horrible custom of Suttee, which the Government of India hare not been able entirely to repress, where the widow mounts ;tbe funeral pyre of her late husband, and parishes in the flames. The widow's cap as a 1 badge of mourning in solitariness existe in many forms; hut it is not always, as with us, one which sets off a pretty face, and becomes an attraction to a new hustjand. Among the .Murray blacks, the cap is made of clay, fo that it would scarcely bo possible for even a ynunz widow, in those districts, to exclaim "Weeds suit me; I look nice in Ha-k." Amons ; some tnbea the cuetom prevails of wearing- a costume composed of a kind of net work of grass leave, and as with Eng lish folk, this must not be discarded for a year. The natives of the Andaman Inlands have a curious custom of painting the skalls of their dead red, sometin.es in parti-colours, and wearing them around their necks. This must not be confounded with the practico of the Dyaks of Borneo, who, when a warrior dies, hoot for heads to he buried with him, in order that be may he assured of a supply of slaves in the after world he has preceded them to. It would seem, in numerous cases, that fear of the supernatural causes many races to indulge in certain curious and apparently trivial observ ances, in order that there may be no possible chance for the ghost of the dead to return and strike terror by ita manifestations. Thua do the Pomeranians leave straw in the graveyard, that the soul may lie contented there, while the Siberians fling a red-hot stone after the corpse. Among the poorer claseei of Russians exlats a curious custom — that of putting a passport into the hand of tho deceased, as a testimonial of virtue, to be. shown to Peter at the gate of Heaven. Tie practice of wailing o'er the dead, tbocgh forbidden by the Kcrsa, is sttii fc. Dared in nianj parts off the Eur just as much as it is by the K per erf at a a Itdsh wake, and in Walts there still exist the sin-ear»ij, who, on reoii'irc rich s loaf, passed over the oorpie, tnsre roltxtary prtiesi-m that ttey take upon thensilres its sirs. The idsa cf driving awxy. evil spirits, son to trc t c 1. 1 tries trc-m hsming the dead, is & very geaera.1 ene epe-eU% atn-tcg savage rxcer. The inhabitants eff the Hermit Isiards tt-s f . r this purpose a fao-fiie arnalct made of nb-re. into which are wotcq strips eff psrfi-c-.I-ureri dr-th. This charm is placed in re haod of the oorpse .in cider to eszbce him to keep the evil spirit? at safe distant?. One of toe oddest customs is rhi amxtsr the Matqttari?, two of whom separate from tie rest, one of them bring armed with a tstcraiDg whip, fashi csi tor toe porp-ose. which he applies to the other. In the face eff such dirergen; customs as thies here detailed, it dc-e? occ sssn likdy that any anifieation in the method of disposng of the dead is erer likely to cake p'aoe. Evta the question cf sepaltare is cnitieroineo, for while the Enp- Jishntan pisses iriv dead and buries him as ftr as pcsrible out off sight, the Aostealiaa abori- gicai places hi? in a tree ; and while the e«riv Egyptian taummiSea the body so that it might be ready for re-'Ctapa tion at any time a? a tenement house for the souL the moderns give their corpses to the worms, and in the case of executed malefactor? remove all possible hope of future reunion by cesrroyiD? the boy wfih quick -Imp Ivor -toes it seem probable that | any zreat ref-rm in our mortuary system wi l i arse from the par till tdoz-tt<a of creaialion- j Creauaaoa has been pr-ctieax in many stages of the world's biStory, vet it ha; never succeeded 1 1 in main tricing firm held cr :n nsurping the . place eff eirth interment, whrch latter i? more | in aoctzd with the O.rrstisn sentimeDt. Bat i i though there will always be a toffeacy in ike miod of coao fo Dire be hie 3 for the ln'oectron j of after generiri--cs some stone, or tc- nn. or monnaienz to inform them of the fact that once : he lived, yet tue tendency wflj be to cheapen ! the cost of performing the last rite? of inter- | ment, sad a commencement might- well be mice by reducing the extravagant amount? expendeu : in flowers and respecting the beauty of simpli- jcity. 