SPORTINffiSi Nominator! of hones cngaced inthaNew market Handicap and Australian Cup -may esoapo further liability by scratching bofore 4 n.m. trvHa.tr - Thn Mnfc numnnt of 1 SOT. each for the Sires' Produce Stakes is also due at the same time. Nominations for tbo general events to be decided at tho V.A.T.C. Autumn Meeting olojo to- day. The Morning Star races are advertised to take place- near Kapnnda on Wednesday, February 10. Nominations for the Handicap and Flying Handicap close with tho Secretary at 9p.m. on February 2; acceptances aro doe on Februarys. Tho Tamunian jumper Alveston, who has been nominated for the Onkaparinga Hurdles and Steeple, will probably visit Victoria after tbo Hobart and Laanceston meetings. It is reported that tho V.R.C. Committee are again about to undertako tho task of reviling the rules of racing, it being found that many of tho rules are contradictory and others unworkable. Galant, Malula, and Master. Tom -are now in Sydney, tho two last-named being on their way to Queensland. - It is reported that Armenia, who was pur chased from Mr. S. Hordera for India, died at B.in,-alore the day after his arrivaL Speaking of the running of tho last Viceroy's Cup, won by Sprightly, the Indian Planter? O'aztUe said of Fortunatus:— ' However good a little horse he may be, ho is still only flesh awl blood, and wo wcro not surprised to see him fail in the hour of need. Ho ran like a dead horse, and by the time they got to the lialf- mile post, and he ought to nave been up and at Sprightly, be died away to nothing, and never raced another yard.' The same paper congratulates H.H. of Pateala 'upon possessing the best horse (Sprightly) that over went to India.' Idolater was badly served in the Viceroy's Cup Race. He was repeatedly bumped on the rails by Donegal, and so cut acrl otherwise hurt that he had to be removed in an ambulance. Tho Australian cross-country horse, Ebor, by Robert the DoviL carried 12 st. in the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, two miles, won by him at tho Nottingham Decom bsr Meeting. Commenting on tho race, the Sportsman (England) says:— 'Now followed the chief event, thr- Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, which brought out an excellent field, no fewer than fourteen runners taking part. The race consequently had a very open appearance, ami as soon as the betting nad settled down Ebor was a decided favourite, the chief danger being feared from another Sussex-trained one, Greenhill, who was a very strong paddock tip. Bevii, Kuric, and Cestus were all well backed, and good money could be traced to Idalus and Flying Jib, whilst 10 to 1 was accepted about Comic Opera, although he hvl been coughing after his arrival here. Whatever chance Greenhill had was early ex tinguished, as ho whipped round as soon as the flag fell and lost so much ground that although heut on again it was impossiblo for him to make it up. Ebor soon proved that he is as much at home over fences as hurdles, and in tho fint half-milo he made the pace so hot that ho had tiurbulk of the field settled before half the journey had been completed ; in fact, as they entered the straight tho only one with a ghost of a chance against the New Zealander was Idalus. The latter was going exceedingly well, but after jumping tho last fenco he feu in the next two strides, and Ebor was then left to canter home at his leisure.' 