THE CASE OF GEORGE GIFFEN. IBy Tblbgeaph.] Sydney. December 8. Information has reached Newcastle with regard to George Giffen's refusal to play in the match against England. It is stated that Giffen is employed in the General Post Office, Adelaide, and would have to give up work for four months in order to devote attention exclusively to cricket. Seeing that his salary would be suspended for this period, he asked the promoters to guarantee him £150 to cover his losses. Major Wardell and Phil Sheridan respectively declined to grant the amount, on the grounds that it was more than Giffen's salary. Ginen pointed out that the dif ference would be absorbed in expenses in curred between the matches. It is further stated that the promoters refuse to pay .£150, and Giffen refuses to allow himself to be made an attraction to fill the coffers of the M.C.C. and the trustees of the Sydney Cricket Ground, at any sum less £160. The prospects of the first test matoh between All England and Australia are not as happy and favorable as one could wish. Nearly the whole of New South Wales, Sydney especially has had a long spell of wet weather, and it was still raining 'yester- day, rendering the wicket unfit to play on. There is however, the chance that to-day will be fine, in whioh case the wicket would be almost recovered by coon on Friday, when the match is billed to start. In any case, however it seems quite certain that the match will be robbed of the attractions of Geo. Giffen, on the Australian side, hrough insufficient 'inducement,' and English ,«Wej-i%u^ijontinaed . indlPI position.. -nfmiWm surprising 'how- ! ever, if ;StQia^t^»m^ff with. lOinen, ! ieavmga saSftby^pnipPrinde U jfiU later ' «*??? « #™t0$M$c8is that criHoism of ; the oompWSj^ftSj^v^ugtraiiati- team, ' centres with aliiio^t one' ~aocord upon the ? inclusion'orq^il5ri^,»-ind there oan be/ littte doub^tbarKaj;--jafen obn»ontea to*', play the Expert opinion 'tbrou ghont ? Aus- ' tralia . ; woula ^h^,ve.;l:bfen almost' nh-'V animous. M'Jjepa^^fces hts plaoe, but ? nevertheless the 'fiaines' of Noble 'and ' Donnan are;;tKe:oii&'tw6 fthat' are' promi- !, nently put lor waji as^Jiaying a hotter claim than , M*L$ia.; ;i!fii-^6*tehe^6f : orioketers ! change rapidly. SiA* bpnpfe-oX'feasijBS'aio * suoh players' as Bruco, OraHath. and Cal- i laway wouiaitaVe'gorieinto the team with- j out questionVWd as';*)* -16ningham, his] light BeemB to have completely gone out. J Some may «avil ait -GifTen's conduct in '? refusing to'play lot'leSs-oompensationth'an | £160 in the five test matoboa, but it should be remembered that he is-BOt a young oolt to whom the amTbltion to represent Auh VLuuu Huwuau v» duo lUOt VUUaiUOlifklUUIIa J-J-O is 36 yearsi)f age, with probably a wife and family to support, and the time has arrived when he shoald/put' his bread and butter before his orioket. To play meane three or four months aWnoe^rbmi work without, pay, and if the pnblic,-who lake their sport so seriously; must Have him, they must pay for him. ' He is' quite willing to be left alone at his work;- and £180 is the smallest sumth'at will take him away. In a young single man, bbwever^brilliant a. cricketer, 8uoh:*n«ttttaaemiguH-&»egarded as discreditable^ a^nnBport«mBnlike,;jigti in Giffen's case after :inany jb»i?b 'isplenalia'; 'service;' and nt :4iisVa«, . ft .W* c^rtsitdS,': defensible. The sum he'' is askinR'may*ber excessive, but the prinoiple on which it is based is a justifiable one. Giffen practioally prefers not to play, as he cannot afford it,' but indicates what inducement would make him consent. Whether it should be oflerod simply depends on whether the maintenance of the cricketing' prestige of Australia demands- the inclusion of Giffen, and whether that prestige is worth the outlay. The 8. M. B era W.oouiments upon the selection of the Australian team as follows : — It was generally admitted !as early as the opening of the season, or indeed since the visit of the Englishmen was an established fact, that the certainties, provided all were in good health, were — G. Giffen, F. Iredalo, U. Trott, J. JJarUng, G. iiiU, 11. Trumble, S. E.Gregory, E. Jones, and T. R. M'Kibbin and J. J. Kelly. Tlie'' question as -to eleventh and twelvth positions was, however, a very vexed one. Towards the olose of last season on his then form1 Noble was looked upon as almost certain for a place. The others who had claims for recognition were Lyons, Donnan, Mackenzie, and M'Leod, whilo another who was mentioned was Bruce, and fa a lesser degree Worrall — the last two beoause of their performance - against the Englishmen. It is hardly likely (that the voting at the meeting will be divulged, but it needs no ghost to come from the grave to say that the selection must have been a majority one. Notwithstanding this, it has been gathered — and in this oase there is no need for seorecy — that Giffen was the first man chosen, although it was felt that he would adhere to his determination not to play — a decision that has since been confirmed. As M'Leod was nominated as twelfth man with Giffen in the team, he will take the Matter's place, mainly for the reason that he is claimed to possess the twofold qualification of being a batsman and a bowler, but it cannot be said that his inclusion has given as much satis faction as Donnan's or Noble's would have, done. ' M'Leod's bowling, judging by: his want of success in the two matches played by ? Viotoiia would appear to have become lost to him. Therefore his only qualifications are, in reality, .batting and fielding. His perform - anoes.witb. the bat this season are 63 and 14 against the Englishmen, and -6 and 44 against South Australia. He has given ample evidenoe that he possesses a great heart, his best efforts having been shown when things were going against his side. There are, however, others who have also exhibited great determination — notably Donnan, Mackenzie, and Noble. The first-' mentioned, by his past and present perform ances against the Englishmen, should be easily selected. So far as the opposing bowlers are concerned, he has 183 for Once out— run out 104 and 29— and no one can question his work in the field. As It became a question of a bowler taking Giffen's place, Noble's selection would have been justified prior to M'Leod's. It is, however, quite in accordance with the chances of cricket that he, the wisdom of whose inclusion was doubted, might come out of the ordeal with distinction. ' -? The inclusion of Lyons is a highly popu lar, selection. ' He is -regarded by almost everyone as a '.match winner.' He is reported to have played^brilliant crioket in the two matches in which he has figured, scoring well against the Englishmen, and when opposed to Victoria he compiled 79 for once out. Trott and Darling say that Lyons this season has shown better batting than on any previous occasion during the past three years. With regard to the selection, it must have been a very close go between Noble and M'Leod for the eleventh plaoe in case a bowler dropped out ; while it is evident, from the fact that- Donnan is thirteenth, that had a batsman alone retired he would have been called upon to fill the vaoancy. Asked as to how the present team com pared with the first team that met Stoddart's previous eleven on the former trip, H. Trott, one of the selectors, said that he thought that the present combination was stronger. AU except Jones may be expected to get runs at any time. Trumble has been scoring remarkably well in Melbourne, and M'Kib bin, who seldom has much opportunity to show what he could do^ has got runB when everyone else had failed. . ' You remember,' said Trott, 'how well M'Kibbin batted at times lost season. Personally, I think it is a mistake for a bowler to pay too much attention to batting, or vice versa ; but the fact remains the team is a very strong one in batting, although, of course, had Giffen consented to play it would have been stronger in Loth departments.' Beferring to C. M'Leod, he remarked that in the. recent matches for Victoria, though he did not get more than sne wicket, he bowled very well indeed, beating the batsman on many-occasions and having chances missed off him, and, added Trott, 'he is in ex cellent batting form.' Wilh regard to Lyons, Trott said that the South Australian appeared to play Hearne better than anyone else in the team. All of us, said the probable captain, miss Giffen very niuoh, and we shall in the, match, for he bowled splendidly against Victoria. i'. a. lxeaaio tnuiKs, tamng tne team in clusive of Gifien, that it is a better one than that which represented Australia in the previous tost matches in the colony, for the reason that Jones and M'Kibbin were then practically untried, while now they have so much improved that they are looked to to provide the best part of the attack. 