ftife BETRAYAL OF JOHN F0RDHAM. By B. L. PARJEON, Author of ' No. 119, Great Porter Square,' ' 'Grit,' ' The March of Fate,' 11 For the Defence,' ' Aaron tho Jew,' etc. CHAPTEB xxxiv. (Continued) 'A capital mac. Pick him up in five minutes. Sure to beat home. JuBt married, and in want of a job. Name, Bob Garliek.' ? ''Mi')!, the man for ub.' I hailed a growler, and Wocc-Ier told tbe driver where to go. 1 fahve fc-'jv^ed Maxwell's addr'Bs out ot &la; ame Lambert,' t sal»J,' as Wff rattled al'ttg 'You would have lunWpfl If votf had heard ub argue— 1 fairly frightened her. I shouldn't be surprised it he and Louis, and perhaps Lculs' mother, are preparing for flight, and 1 hope to catch the lot to-night. Tbcro's nothing in the last two that would warrant us in arresting them, but it is on tbe cards tbat 1 shall arrest Maxwell for tbe murder of Morgan, whose real name is Philip Barliw.' ' How do you know he murdered him ? Best be sore of your ground, Godfrey.' 'J will make sure. The plan I have in my head wt!j not fail, I never In my life felt more confident, W everything, of Coersct depends on our coming iao£ t? *ace witb thfe eCotindrelly flrew, Wc are golcg straight to thoir horise, you, 1, Bob Garliek, and Jack, and then we' shall see Wbfet we shall see,' What my plan was will presently bo made nlear. Sufficient now to say that we fonnd j otlf new recruit at home, and that he took it I as a corhplimcnt to be Invited to work with me. Jack also joined tis. He was overjoyed to hear that it was not a ghost he had seen in Finchley Road, btit Ltrtrls himself in the flesh. ' You've lifted a ton weight off me, guv'nor,' he said. ' That clears me, don't It?' 11 You will come out of it with flying Colors, my lad,' 1 answered, clapping him on the shoulder, ' 6dt W did it happen f' he asked, is wonder, ' We shall know soon,' 1 said, ' Only keep' cool.' Poor sorgan t' he sighed,* with genuine feeling, ' 'E wail ttoftfe a 'indrcd of sech ?tuck up cads as Louis.' . Over a ha»t, and ample meal, for a fall stomach puts courage into a man, I gave my recruits their instructions, and then the four of us rattled on to Lethbrldge Road, Night had fallen before we reached^ our diStlnatton. A dark night, too, for which I w£s not Sotry. Directing the cab where to wait for n£, we procdedCd to the house. ' Hew are wo to' get in f' whispered Wheeler, . I did not answer him, but rang tnS bell, and gave the donble rat-lat of a messenger from the telegraph office. PART IV, CHAPTER XXXV.— PAUL GODFREY, PRIVATE DETECTIVE, CONCLUDES HIS NAbBATlVE. Whenever a summons of this kind is answered quickly it betokens ( ithcr tbat the inmates are in a nervous state or arc in dread or expectation of important news. A peaceful household takes things more calmly, and is content to let the telegraph boy cool his heels on the doorstep, I did not expect this household to be at peacc witb itself, nor did I wish it, for stidh a State of things would have argued ill for the succcbb of my expedition. I was therefore pleas. d ttf hesr a rush of footsteps in the passage, fallowed by the swift opening of the street door. The woman who answered the summons held a Candle in her hand, and there was nothing -particularly clever in my jumping at the conclusion that Louis' mother stood before me. Until this night 1 had never Seen her dr her son, nor, so far as I am aware, had they seen me; I had counted iipon this si of importance in the mote I was abotft to take. . We being in the dark, and Mrs Fordbam in tbe light, we bad the advantage of her. As she peered forward and held out her hand for the telegram three of us darted into the passage, Wheeltr, Bob Garliek and myself. Jack was on the watch outside, to be in by a whistle when he was re quired. Mrs FordLham fell back with a shriek of alarm, and a man rail out of the nearest room, crying : ' What's the matter ?' This man had a scar on Ins forehead. 11 Mr Louis Fordham, I believe,' 1 said, advancing, while Mrs Fordham continued to retreat. 'Yes.' 11 No' The two answers came | simultaneously from the man and the woman, the man acknowledging his name, the woman denying it. We were moving slowly towards the room 1 from which Louis bad emerged, and now ! reached the door. Mrs Fordbam flung her- i self against it, crying, *' You can't come bcre | —this is a private house,' and actually bad the boldness to blow out the candle. I could not but admire her for it, for she must have seen that there were three of us, and pluck, especially in a woman, always commands my admiration. Bat she reckoned without her host, for two bnlTs:eye lanternB instantly flashed their light upon her face. ' Have you come to rob us ?'' she demanded. ' I will call the police.' ' Save yourself the trouble,' I replied. 41 Wc are officers, and 1 warn you not to resist. Here iB a police whistle, if you would like to use it.' tihe did not take It, and driving ber and Louis before us wo entered the room. The gas was lighted there, and it was clear to 'see what was going on. Trunks and bags were open, and the floor was littered with clothing and travelling requirements, on the 1 point of being packed away. ' Preparing for a journey,' I remarked. ' That doesn't concern you,' Mrs Fordham retorted. ' No, it concerns you more (than us,' I said. ' 1 am afraid 'your journey will have to be postponed.' I motioned to Wheeler, and pointed to an .inner door which com municatcd with another apartment. ' See who is in there.' ' It is my bedroom,' screamed Mrs Ford ham. ' You ruffians— how dare you ?' ' See who is in there,' 1 repeated. ' There is nobody there,' she said. Wc did not take her word for it. Wheeler examined the apartment, and returning, said it was empty. ' Whom did you expect to find?' demanded Mrs Fordham. ' Shall I give him a name ?' ' Yon can do as you please about that.' ' Ob, 1 thought you wanted to know.' ' You shall suffer for this,' she said, but curiosity was too much for her. ' Give him a name, then.' ' What do you aay to a party of the same of Maxwell f Bhe made no answer, and I observed that her face grew suddenly white, as had been the case with Madame Loubert when I made a good shot. In dealing with self-willed women|this is always a satisfactory sign. My observation of the tender sex lead6 me to another conclusion — tbe most obstinate of them, when the barriers arc broken down, show the most fear and are the most sub servient and submissive, though I am bound to say this was not exactly the ,casc with Mrs Fordham. But then she was an excep tional woman, and she hated John Fordham as only a woman can hate. *' Who is in the house besides yourselves ?' I asked. ' You wouldn't have dared to molest us,' she answered,' if we had protectors.' ' Answer the question,' 1 said sternly. ' You know that we arc alone in the house.' ' Go and see,' 1 said to my two assistants. ' I can take care of these.' They departed on tbeir errand, and until their return, when they informed me that the house was empty except for those who were in this room, not a word was exchanged between me aud Airs Fordham. As for Louis, he had taken no part in tbc conver sation. He was evidently ruled by his mother, for he kept his eyes upon her, and took his cue for silence from her. '?Now,' said I,' wc are here upon very serious business, aud 1 don't waut jou to in criminate younelvts. 1 have had an inter view with one lady today— a friend of yours, Madame Loubert, piovision dealer, Sohio— and after some stupid reluctancc on her part, I put it to her, whether she would treat me a6 a friend or au enemy. If it had been as an enemy she would have been in prison by thjg time. 1 6hould have had her arrested. Bi*t she acted like a sensible wttman, and accuptod me as her friend. fcCognjfling that ii was her only chance of being' kept out of tlie criminal dock. The consequence is, she is free— and safe.' I repeated the last two wordfi. 'And safe. I offer you the same dliance. If, witlxrofc incriminating yourselves, you can do as she did, I adrise.iou to follow ber lead. If it iB to be the other way, blame yourselves for the course I shall take.' Louie made a motion, as though about to jptak, but blfl toother restrained him. ' Be silent,' she said. ' Prrcy what ccrarfle uu you propose 10 tatce 1 ' I shall nrrest you, Mrs Fordhaui, *rid you, Louis Fordham, on the charge of com plicity in the murder of a man kuown as Morgan over a year ago in Liverpool ?' Louis staggered and caught at the mantel piece for support and Mrs Fordham rushed to his Bide. 1 remi?mbrrcd what John Ford ham wrote in his confession the love she bore her son, &bd; I now had evidence of it. ?* You are not very strong,' I 6aid, elating a palpable fact. 'Probably you still feci tbc effects of the wound you received on the night Morgan was murdered.' And now Louis was not to be n-strained. 'What do you kuow of it?' he screamed. ' What do you know of it ?' ' Up to a certain point,' I replied, ?? I know everything. Of tbe company you kept in Liverpool and elsewhere, of the way you apent your da; s and nighte, of the gambling that was going on, of your accusing Maxwell that he cheated you at rards, of your being stabbed by him' — I stopped here. 1 had given theru an inkling of what 1 did know, but had no intention of teUing them what I did not know ; 60 1 branched off on another tack. ' You are both aware that John Fordham is in prison for a murder be did not commit. Your presencj alone in a criminal court will prove him 10 be innocent. But wc do cot need that to set him free ; it can be accomplished without your aid. And for the rest — well, it is in your hands. 1 shall not give you long to decide.' ' My son was a victim,' said Mib Fordham. ' He is no murderer.'- '? You can prove that to a ju^ga and jury instead of to me if you prefer it. lhav- a conveyance waiting for you. Be advised. Don't triflo with me.' *' You mentioned au alternative, you have not explained it.' ' Ab, you are growing sensible. I must have plain answers to plain questions, and a plain statement of facts.' M May 1 apeak privately to my eon ?' ' I bave no objection, but it muBt be in this room. We shall not let you out of our eight. You can thlk over there, and we will remain here by tbe door. If you speak low we shall not overhear you.' She dragged Louis into the corncr, and there they held a whispered confcrcncc. 1 did not seek to ov- rhear them, but 1 saw tbat Loaie, overcome by fear, was ready, even eager, to unb^BOin himself. Such op position as was apparent to me camc from her. She was the kind of woman that hates to give in— *he and Madame Loubert would have made a pretty pair— but in the end she allowed herself to be pt-rsuaded. ' We will answer j our questions, such e6 we think fit to be answered,' Bhe said, ' under compulsion. Understand that — under compulsion.' I Bbook my head aud smiled. ' That will not do. You will have to answer my ques tions of your own free will, or you will answer none ; and your deuirc iB to assist the course of jasLice.' Sue shut her mouth with a snap, and 1 tbiok she wonld hav'i liked to bite me.' ' If you don't answer,' cried Louis, ' 1 will.' ' Put your qm stioos,' she said frowning at him aod ub, ' You wiBh me to do so f' I asked, know ing that 1 had her in my power, and Bhe was forced to answer, 'Yes.' She did cot exactly love me at that mome-nt. 1 pointed to the litter of clothing and open trunks, ' You arc packing up to go away ?' ' Yea— we bavo a right to go where we ploaso.' *4 To Paris?' ' Yes.' ' And from there ? ' ' Ic is not decidcd,' ' It was -our intention to travel by the night train 7' M Yes' ' Wbo waa to go wilh you ?' A friend.' '' He is not a friend,' Louis exclaimed. ' I don't care for jour dark looks, mother ; I will speak ! He has never been my friend. Didn't he rob me— didn't he nearly murder me ? And you stand up for him because — because ? ' ' Hold your tongue !' she cried. But though he did not finish tbe sentence 1 did, in my mind. 6he stood up for Max well because there was a tie between them ; h'i had obtained ahold upon ber through ber affections — for even sucb women a9 she can love. Oinj ctuns, of course, but 1 after wards learned that they went straight to the bullVcvc. 1 concluded. ' Maxwell was to be your companion 7' ' Yes ' ' He is comicg for you ? You expect him here to-night 7' It needed bnt the Blighest hesitation on her part tu cause me to turn to Louis, and when be answered, ' Yes, he is coming for us,' 1 thought sho would have struck him. ' Quarrel away,' thought 1, ' it all maktB for us.' It made for ub, also, that she was torn two W4yg at once— by ber undoubted love for I Louie, aod by what had taken place between | ber and Maxwell. | I ?* At what time do you rxpecL 7' 