EEMASXABLJbi DEATHS. 'fl hare interested myself somewhat in looking ?up unusual causes of death.,' said a 'well-known physician, 'and have met several wellauthenti cated instances where fright was the cause. The English Surgeon-General Francis tells of a drummer in India across whose legs a harmless lizard crawled while he was h'jlf asleep. He was sore that a cobra had bitten him, and it was too much fofr. his nerves, and he died. Frederick I. of Prussia wias Irillea l.y fear. His wife was insane, and oae day she escaped from her keeper, and, dabbling her clothes in blood, rnshed upon her husband while he was dozing in his chair. King Frederick imagined her to be the white l&dy; whose ghost was believed to invariably appear whenever the death of a member of tbe royal f uraily was to occur, and he was thrown into a fever, and died in six weeks. But perhaps ttie most remarkable death from fear was that of the Dutch painter' P«ntinan, who lived in the seven tesnt.h century. One day he went into 'a room full of anatomical subjects to sketch some deaths' heads and skeletons for a picture he intended to paint. The weatb.ee was very sultry, and 'while sketching he fell nsleep. He was arouse#d.by bones dancing around him and the skeletons sus pended ironi the ceiling clashing together. In a fit of terror he threw himself out of the window.,* and, though he sustained no serious injury and was informed that a slight earthquake had caused the commotioli among1 his ghostly surroundings, he died in a few days in a nervous tremor. 1 could cite many other cases where toe shock tp the bervous system which, we know as 'fright has produced death,— London Paper. ; Mr. Andrew Lang has recently told the story of a well-toed little girl #ho, having beea taken to church, was careful, on leaving it, to turn to the verger, whom she obviously regarded as her host, and say sweetly, 'Thank you for a very pleasant afternoon!' This Is capped by the tale of a certain dowager-duchess 'who went one Sun day with her daughter to the ChapeL Royal, Lon don, and found ft crowded. Seeing it was impos sible to obtain seats, she said to her companion,* 'Come', away, Louisa; at any rate, we' have done ihe «ivil thing.' , 