St. Alban's Church, Goodna. —— : o : —— LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION-BLOCK. SPEECHES BY THE GOVERNOR AND BISHOP WEBBER. Since the Rev. A. R. Bartlett, M.A., took over the rectorship of the parish comprising South Ipswich, Bundanba, and Goodna, he has been most energetic in its interests. Last year the people of Bundanba got their Church o All Saints ; and this year the Church of St. Alban at Goodna will be erected. The founda- tion-block of the proposed new edifice was laid yesterday afternoon by his Excellency the Go- vernor, Lord Lamington. The main building is to measure 22ft. 6in. by 23ft. 6in., and there will be a chancel 13ft. by 15ft. and a vestry 3ft. by 7ft. 6in.(inside measurements). The walls are to be 11ft. 6in. in height, and the principal roof will consist of rafters boarded on top covered with galvanised iron. The chancel and both sides of the church will be provided with Gothic windows. Hardwood weatherboards will wall the structure, which is also to be lined. The whole will rest on bloodwood blocks with galvanised iron caps. The architect is Mr. G. B. Gill, and the contract price is £185, Messrs. Worley and Whitehlead being the suc- cessful tenderers. Although the work was only begun last Wednesday. good progress has al- ready been made, all the blocks except two having already been put in. A temporary floor placed on these for the special occasion yesterday formed an excellent vantage from which to witness the ceremony. His Excellency, accompanied by his private secretary (Mr. Stewart) and the Hon. H. Tozer (Home Secretary) arrived by train in Goodna about half-past 1 yesterday afternoon. As he was not expected so early, no demonstration took place. A visit of inspection to the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum was made by the distinguished visitors. There was a large contingent of Church people from Ipswich--St. Paul's, St. Thomas's, and All Saint's Church, Bundanba, being well represented. Goodna people were, of course, present in large numbers, and there were also a great many persons from the surrounding district. In honour of the viceregal visit flags were flying in different portions of the town- ship. At the intersection of roads just below the Catholic Chapel, an arch of greenery sus- taining the word " Welcome" had been erected. The church grounds had also been adorned with bunting. The School of Arts, which was gaily decorated with greenery and bunting, was made the rallying-ground. Here between 3 and half-past a big crowd had assembled. His Lordship the Bishop of the diocese, Dr. Webber, arrived about a quarter-past 3, and was greeted with cheers. The Governor and party were driven over, shortly afterwards, from the Asylum in Dr. Scholes's pony-cart, the fine little pair being skilfully piloted by Miss Alice Scholee. As the vehicle drew up, those present joined in singing the National Anthem. A procession was then formed and marched to the site, the members of the choirs of St. Paul's and the Goodna Church being in the lead, with the clergy and chief visitors following, and behind a long cavalcade of vehicles. "Onward, Christian Soldiers" was heartily sung en route. The clergy present were the Bishop, the Rev. A. R. Bartlett (rector of St. Paul's), and the Rev. A. Davies (rector of St. Thomas's), Messrs. Kitson and Lilley (lay readers) being also in attendance. The procession, with the white robed choresters in the van, was an imposing spectacle. In the service which ensued the musical portion was admirably sung by the members of the choirs. The mallet with which his Excellency performed the ceremony was an elegantly-constructed tool, of tulip wood, with silver mountings, which had been made by Mr. Wright, of Woodend, and presented by him for the occasion. Having seen that the block was properly placed in position, Lord Lamington tapped it with the mallet and repeated the following words:-" In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Bishop said: " Here let the true faith and fear of God, with brotherly love, ever abide; and be this place dedicated unto prayer, and unto the invocation and praise of the most holy name of our Lord Jesus Christ, Who ever liveth, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen." The Bishop then delivered a short address. This ceremony, he said, was one of no little importance to this great land, for it was to the Church that they were to look for the Chris- tianising of the nation, and he was willing to give that expression its widest meaning. At present our State schools did not take any part in that work in which the schools of a similar character in the old country almost universally took a part—he meant teaching the simple elements of the faith and fear of God—Bible teaching in the elementary schools. Some of them were hoping and labouring for that time to come when, like the sister colony of New South Wales, we should admit that teaching in the schools. At any rate, until that time came, all the spiritual responsibility rested on them, who had professed the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ. It was especially incumbent upon them to see that that work was unimpeded in this land. They should put their shoulders to wheel and not be at all backward in making sacrifices. He thanked his Excellancy for finding time, despite his smany calls, to come and take part in that work. He trusted that the example the Govenor had set would have the effect of stimulating those who worked throughout the length and breadth of the land and he expressed the hope that those who had taken part in promoting that work would go on and persevere until it was brought to a glad consummation. He congratulated the rector of St. Pauls on the results that had attended his rectorship of the parish. Mr. Bartlett had not been very long among them, and yet this was the second work of the kind in his parish at which he (the Bishop) had had the pleasure of officiating. He was sure the results which had come from his active labours had been such as they might well be thankful for. He had given the whole diocese an example of what might be done by persevering and energetic effort under the blessing of God. He again thanked the Governor for the part he had taken, and earnesly hoped that that effort would not only be a blessing to that neighbor- hood, but go as esxample far and wide. The Rev. A. R. Bartlett, in the name of the Council of the new Church, said that they were all very proud of having his Excellency among them, and thanked him very heartily. They had there, he thought, a happy combination of Churchs and State. He spoke highly of those who had been working so very enthusiastically with him since he had had charge of the parish. His only regret in looking forward to the open ing of the Church was that they would not have the Bishop with them, as he would be in an other part of the world. He concluded by again thanking the Governor for his presence and assistance in the ceremony. His Excellency said that it gave him great pleasure to have been able to accept that day's engagement. He thanked the previous speakers for the kind words spoken on account of his being there. He was sure that they would encourage him to take up and carry out the serious duties which had been allotted to him. He earnestly hoped that that laying of the foundation block might result in the erec- tion of a church which might be a means of guidance to those who wished to travel safely through the troubles of this world; where those who were afflicted and in want of consolation might find peace; and always lead to the promulgation of the Word of God. He thought every means l should be used for the encouragement of the worship of the One who ruled the destinies of them all. He hoped that that church would shortly be cleared altogether of debt, and that there would be a good con- gregation to worship in that place. He thanked the previous speakers for the kind words which had been spoken, and reiterated his expression of the pleasure which it had given him to be present. His Excellency was at this stage pre- sented with a beautiful bouquet by a little girl, Miss Molly Pitt. One of the caps was then placed on the block, and while "The Church's One Foundation" was being sung, offerings towards the building fund were received, his Excellency being the first to contribute with a £5-note. A short prayer having been offered, the service was brought to a close by the pronouncing of the benediction. Those present then adjourned to the School of Arts, where abundance of light refreshments was obtainable. The building was tastefully embellished with greenery and bunting, and over the gate was an arch. After the Governor had partaken of some refreshment, he left amid cheers in order to catch the through train for Toowoomba. Most of the Ipswich visitors returned by the train reaching Ipswich at a quarter to 6\. Although a storm had been threatening all the afternoon, they were favoured for once by the weather. The day had been excessively hot, but the heavy clouds prevented the glare of the sun while the block was being laid, and the rain did not come on till nearly all were safe at the station. The site of St. Alban's Church is high out of flood mark, on a piece of land generously donated by Mr. C. Holmes. The offertory yesterday amounted to £16 7s. 6d., which brings the sum already subscribed and promised towards the church to over £170. Further expendilure, over and above the contract price, will be required to furnish the sacred edifice; but the parishioners who have laboured so zealously towards the erection of the new church are not likely to let this daunt them. 