A BAGK-BLDCKS BISHOP. GREEN OF GRAFTON Does a Toot on the Flute. Dr. Green, Bishop of Grafton and Armid&lo;, does nut meet with beds of roses when doing the rounds of hia dioceee. tiomt of his experiences were related to a South Yarra audience on Wed nesday night. To those uninitiated into tbe hardships of bush life, the fact of the bishop haying; to grease hie wheels, groom his horses, and boil his billy for himself seemed more like a page from the diary of a sundowner than the personal experience of a gaitered gentleman ot the cloth. Some stages of his journey covered a stretch of 150 miles of country with an occa sional settler's hut as the only sign of civilisa tion marking the entire ronte, so that the re quirements of 'both man and beast had to be car ried. Some of the scenes witnessed by the Bishop in his travels were reproduced on canvas by the aid of the camera. One of these was a little church in a mining town, surrounded by a ! symbol of mammon in tbe shape of a trophy re« | presenting the amount of gold tbat had been I extracted from the surrounding country. The 1 religious education of the people in some of the Queensland berder towns seems to have been sadly neglected. In one of these towns the in habitat, ignorant of what a religious service meant, flocked to a barn in which one was held, attired in evening* dress, thinking they were going to enjoy some form of evening entertain ment, to be followed by a dance. An interesting picture for the Freetraders of South Yarra was a political scene in one of the eupar towns of northern New South Wales. Mr Keid, Premier of the colony, was pourtrayed standing on the balcony of an hotel, the stroet below being thronged by the inhabitants, who besought him not to ruin them by taking the duly off sugar. Instead of bread, however, they were given a stone. The Premier advised them to give up sugar '{growing, and grow cows instead.— Mel- bourne ' Age.' Old Nindy'a getting toney now, with their high f&lutin; ways, And readin' of their doin's makes me think of olden days ; Nindy Gully was my tauri once, and round the Condamine, From Bandilboginbuckingal to Merril gandramine. There was Dublin Bob, Three- fiagered Mick, and also Whispering Joe, We'd do our twelve months yacker and we'd never cry a go ; And then we'd have onr ' annual,' which is every bushman's right, For if you do not get it you cannot sleep at night, And the devils they come whispering all sorts into yonr head, 'You'd better have a spree, old man, or else you'll soon be dead.' No matter how yoa fight them back fresh ones will always come, j If you sleep enough to dream at all yon'll dream of drinking ram, So we always got to know at last they'd beat us in the end, j And we'd roll up in the morning and make straight for the bend. Old Jerry kept the 6hanty then, old '^Tone-eyed Jerry Carr, And as good a men as ever stepped has breasted J erry's bar ; And when your cheque fell off the pin and vanished ont of sight, A signal that your time was up, yon wasn't in a fright, For Jerry set 'em up himself with a smile an acre broad, ( Here's wishing of yon back again, and a bottle for the road.' Old Jerry Carr is dead and gone, and the rest has petered out, And they say that our reunions was a simple drinking bout, And the parson's fonnd his way out I there and things has altered quite (He was tellin' of his trials down in Melbourne t'other night, He had to feed his moke himself and put the billy on), 1 wish old Dublin heard him, but Dublin's dead and gone. And when he got to Nindy, as he pitches of his yarn, No Cathedral being handy, did his dodging ia a barn ; And when he told the Nindies that he was goin' te toot, They thought he was a circus, with a darnce thrown in to boot, And they wept for joy in Windy (old Ashton being no more, And they liadnct seen a oircus since he crossed the golden shore), - And they scraped the old tea-kettles and polished up their boots, Bowling up to see the circus in real clawhammer suits — Tommy Tanna and his Mary in real clawhammer suits ! I've seen a power of Queensland, seen as much I think as most, But if I'd seen that torn oat I'd a given up the ghost ; There . is no one like a parson when ones he's got the flute, He can beat die beat old Gulfer when he's really on the toot ; Tommy Tanna and his Mary in a real dress suit I Just fancy Dan the Bager in e real dress stdt J — -BINGrHI. Cinbar, who Is now in Key's stable, was tried over the hardies yesterday at Randwiclc, but Bhaped very moderately. I An immense unnamed gelding bv the Swiveller horee, Sycle, strode over tbe Band wick hurdles yesterday iu rare style, lie , waB ridden by ,' Snowy ' Cox, who looked like , a tom-tit on a lound of beef when bo was mounted on the giant. 