THE MARYBOROUGH SUGAR FACTORY. [To THE EDITOE.] Sib, — We, the sugar planters, had hopes that the factory would start crushing this next season, but your remark at the end of my letter last week has completely and rudely taken away all that hope, slender as it was. Your statement that from inquiry made by yourself, more than once, no prospect at all for a start exists, leaves no linno U n. in that n.iov+o.- Wo oil ™ I-'-1'-' ' ^ to deliver our cane at the factory at 10s. a ton, which is the price we were guaranteed by an agreement with them, but without delivery, and we were induced to do this in order to euable them to make a start with better prospects of making it pay. It is pretty well known that this reduction would leave the grower next to no profit at all, and it is very questionable if it would not result in a loss ; still to en able us to get off our crops, we would be prepared to make the sacrifice. But the next thing to be considered is this : If the directory are unable to make a start, why not give up the ghost. They have already spent a great deal of valuable time with their meetings and consultations. It was reported that some syndicate was prepared to go on with it as a juice mill in connection with tho refinery at Yengario, to give the farmers 10s. a ton for their cane at the stump, and further that they are willing to lend the farmers money at tho lowest rate of interest, to enable them to put in new cane areas. If this rumour is well founded, it would be about the best thing that could befall the factory as well as tho farmers. The latter want some kindly assistance in their present condition ; for it is only too plain that most of them cannot afford to put in any more cane on the very off chance of getting it sold. The season is now in for making preparation for cane planting^ It is true that just now, it is unfortunately impossible to do any cultiva tion but such a state of things may close any day. It is quite immaterial to the fanners who will boss the factory, so long as it is carried on. Of course it cannot be denied that Messrs. Cran and Co.'s offer of pecuniary assistance for cane planting is most cheering and therefore the farmers would hail their proprietorship of the factory with acclamation. But whoever is to be proprietor it will be strictly necessary to go into the concern with the full intention of making it a per manent institution, otherwise cane-growing will languish. It is needless to add that the strongest guarantee for its permanence is a strong company to back it up. If con fidence in the solvency of the proprietary is established, cane-growing will go ahead as a natural consequence. It needs no other encouragement but this certainty of a market. It is well enough understood to be the most certain crop that can be grown with us, on account of the seasons, and it is almost the most re munerative in regard to money value. In this letter there is no intention to reflect on the management of the directors. That the whole thing was mismanaged — that is in the sense that it did not pay, is only too true, but by whose fault that unfortunate result came about it is difficult to state with oertainty. The .two seasons that the factory was in existence were the most unpro pitious that ever occurred -with us; the cane was frosted badly and diseased as well. However, if the factory is to prosper, and if the sugar industry is go ahead, we must have a new order of things, and that with as little delay as possible. With these objects in view the best step the directors can now take is to make as good terms as possible with Messrs. Cran and Co., or \iith any other strong syndicate, who may be open for the negotiations. — Yours, &o.;, Old Planter. May 24th, 1897. - [Our foot-note to 'Old Planter's' pre vious letter does not bear the construction which this correspondent has placed upon it above. We said that, as the result of inquiries, we had nothing definite to announce with respect to the resump tion of operations by the Sugar Factory. We were, however, informed yesterday by one who knows that the factory will certainly crush, though under what financial arrangement we are still unable to state. That fact, however, . is apparently all the growers care about — that the factory should take their cane. That is to be done, somehow. — Ed. M.G.] 