the mystery of A NAME. A Present-Day Romance. CHAPTER VII. Robert Grange made a point ot being one of the first arrivals at Mrs Stone’s that evening, partly to save himself the confu Bion of being announced before the entire company, and partly in the hope of being there in time to watch Miss Mary Smith’s entrance. In this he was successful, being, indeed, the first gentleman to put in an appearance at all, and Mrs Stone, fortu nately for him, met him just outside the dram'ng- room door, where she greeted him fflost effusively, and overwhelmed him with her gratitude for the honor he was doing her.° Thus he was able to have a few minutes’ conversation quite privately with her, in the course of which he begged her not to introduce people to him on the strength of his name, and repeated the fact that lie greatly disliked being ffited. He could hardly help smiling at her expression of "ratified importance as she assured him how flattered she felt at sharing a secret with him, and she wished that Vansturt could have been with him, not only to join in the joke, but to help him to carry it through should any difficulties arise. Many as his adventures had been, he had never met with one of this description Gradually the rooms filled, and being occupied in receiving her guests, Mrs Stone quite forgot for the time, the existence of the illustrious stranger, and to his delight he was left to his own devices. He stood near the door, leaning against the wall, and eagerly scanning the face of every girl who entered the room. Mostly the an nouncement of their names was swallowed up in the buzz of talk going on around, and so many arrived together that some were never announced at all, so ho had plenty of opportunity of criticising the young ladies and wondeiing which in all that crowd was the one he had come so far to see. He had not seen Mary’s photo graph, so had only a vague notion of what sort of girl to look for, for though Van sturt had described her to him as well as he could, such descriptions are almost necessarily misleading, so many people in the world seem to be made after one pat tern as far as mere features and com plexion go. Thus it happened that Bob fixed on no fewer than three girls as per fectly possible Miss Smiths. Mot that they were a bit alike, but they were all rather tall, had good figures, nice complexions, faces that were neither pretty nor plain, and they all looked about the age of four and-twenty. The worst of it was that he was not well pleased with any of them, and j decided that one looked sour, another stupid, and the third sly. As he watched them he felt he had made a mistake, and began to wonder whatever could have in duced him to come on such a foolish errand. Indeed, it would be hard to ex plain what motive had led him to come, beyond the gratification of an indolent sort of curiosity on the subject of his name, and had he had anyone belonging to him at home or anything that had needed his presence there and given him occupation, he most probabljj would not have thought twice about going to look for Mary Smith. He wa3 revolving in his mind whether he should slip out while no one noticed him and go back to his hotel, or should ask his host to introduce him to any of the three, and if so to which, when the servant announced, in tones surely louder than any he had used before— “ Miss Smith!” Grange started and looked towards the j door. There was no mistake this time; not only was the name correct, but he ac tually seemed to recognise her as the girl of whom young Harper had spoken so enthusiastically. She looked the sort of girl one would be enthusiastic about, though why, it would he hard to say. She was quite alone, but seemed to feel no awk wardness from the fact, though the room was crowded and many people stopped to greet her even before she reached her hostess. Her movements were neither un duly hurried nor slow enough to suggest that fine ladylike indifference which seems to some of us so very like bad manners. She wore the new white dress that Mrs Smith had so wished her to wear at the Rectory dinner-party a month or two be fore; the fact, though uninteresting in it self, is worthy of notice because it gave the whole company something to talk about for the next ten minutes or so; some of the ladies ridiculing it because it was so very plain, and most of the gentle men admiring it for its extreme sim plicity. Bob, certain that this at last was the lady he was in quest of, made a step or two forward, almost fancying that he had the right to speak to her ; he recollected himself in time, however, but was near enough to hear her cordial congratulations to Mr and Mrs Stone, and to admire the pleasant tones of her voice. When she made way for the next comers, he kept as near to her as ho could and listened as she accosted an elderly lady who was sitting close by. “ How do you do, Mrs Harper ?” she said. “ I am so glad you are here ; mother Baid that you told her you were afraid you would not be able to come.” “ I did not think that I would come,” answered Mrs Harper, in a tone that im plied that she had not thought it worth while, “ and I should not have done so, only that Miss Jones had no one to come With, and very rightly was of opinion that it was not quite ladylike to go to a party herself. You are not so shy.” “No,” said Mary quite simply, “I am not Bhy, I should not care to enter a room full of strangers by myself, though if it had to bo done of course I should do it; but I think it would be too affectedly pru dish to mind here, where I know everyone. Besides, 1 am older than Miss Jones.” “ Yes,” assented Mrs Harper, drily, “ a good deal older. So you got a new dress for the occasion; it made you quite conspi cuous as you came in.” "I am glad it was such a success,” re plied Mary, looking complacently at the folds of her white silk, as if she desired nothing better than that it should occasion remark, though in reality she thought less than most girk do about her clothes. “ It 13 satisfactory to know that when one has a new frock it is recognised as such. To change the subject, I wanted to tell you that,! had a letter from Willie this morn “Did you? We did not,” said Mrs Harper. “I know; he had not time to write to us both this week, and he has not written to me before at all; and then he knew I would tell you all the news. He is very bright and cheerful, though of course he misses you all very much-” " my dear Mary?” interrupted the elder lady somewhat irritably, “I think he is more likely to miss you than any of tts.” As Mary had predicted, Willie’s mother had never quite forgiven her for having en grossed so much of his last day at home. " Indeed, no,” said Mary. “ Naturally I hope he misses me too a little, but he says it seems ages since he left you. Mr Van sturt has been very kind and nice to him, and he has got to know some of the other young fellows by now, so it is very plea sant for him. New York is perfectly lovely according to his account, and he ^ikes the rooms Sir Vansturt got for him better every day. He says that they are rather high up, but there is a magnificent view from the windows. He has been to on® or two theatres——” " I hope he is not going to make that a practice,” broke in his mother severely; such a thing occasionally I do not object to, but 1 do not like the way the young nien of the present day must always be at theatres or races, or playing cards or bil liards; it generally leads to trouble of some kind.” “ I am sure you are right,” Mary agreed, “ but I think you may trust "Willie to keep straight. He likes a bit of fun of course, like the rest of us, but he will never put his pleasure before his work, or carry it further than he can afford.” “ William is not serious enough,” Mrs Harper went on. “ When he was here his mind was always full of tennis and boat ing and dancing or some such frivolity. If he was at home for meals, it was quite as much as we could expect.” Mary knew that this wa3 a dig at her, because he had been her constant com panion, but she laughed good-humoredly as she answered— “ Oh ! we were much more serious than you imagine, Mrs Harper. You cannot think what an amount of serious reading I induced him to undertake, and our con versation was often of a deeply intellectual and instructive description.” “ Indeed! I did not know it,” put in Mrs Harper in her most crushingly polite manner. “Besides,” continued Miss Smith not a bit crushed and without apparently noticing the interruption, “ he had no real work to do then, and he is only nineteen; don’t you think a little frivolity is natural at that age ?” " Oh! of course you know best,” re turned the elder lady stiffly. Mary felt she had had enough of this. Without a trace of annoyance on her face she rose from the seat she had taken and moved away to speak to friends at the other end of the room. She was scon sur rounded by a group of some of the younger members of the party, who had been very indignant at her wasting on Mrs Harper so much of the time that they considered be longed by right to them. Once Dr. Arm strong would have been the first to attach himself to hor, but now he stood apart, silent and grave, merely bowing to her as she passed him. She was grieved, for she really liked him and found the chatter of Dick Bilton and his friends very unin teresting compared to the young doctor’s conversation; but she saw no way of lessen ing the distance between them without seeming to mean more than she wished. While she was thinking of this and talking rather absently meanwhile to Miss Jones, she suddenly observed a strange face among the numbers that she knew so well, and curiously enough, as she did so, she found that the eyes belonging to it were fixed upon her with a gaze of deep interest and evident approbation. Bob was not of course the only strange gentleman present, but he was almost the only one who would be likely to attract any attention, and Mary was much struck by his appearance, which seemed to indicate an amount of ex perience and knowledge of the world not common in visitors to Fogeyton. He had overheard her conversation with Mrs Harper and not only was pleased with her share in it, but particularly admired the dignity with which she put an end to it. It would have been so easy, es pecially for a woman, to retort some thing sharp and telling, bnt she had done much better. The smile with which he had watched her still lingered on his face, as Mary met his glance, and he looked like a man who had just had a pleasant surprise. She was about to ask someone near her, who was the tall, handsome man, with grey eyes and dark moustache, when Mr Taylor, whom she had not seen since the memorable evening at the Rectory, came up and spoke to her. Remembering with malicious enjoyment her confusion and her blushes when he had mentioned him upon the former occasion, he immedi ately asked after Mr Robert Hatton Grange. But she was so used by this time to being questioned upon the subject that she answered him quite without embarrass ment, in fact rather enjoyed disappointing him, for she easily guessed his motive. There was a little music in the course of the evening, but Fogeyton talent in that direction was not of a high order ; Mrs Stone also managed to get up-a couple of tables of whist, but the charades could not be done at all, for as everyone was willing enough to play in the second, but no one would take part in the first, they naturally fell through. However, most of the company seemed quite content to do nothing in particular, and there was no flagging in the buzz of conversation that went on all over the room. It was pretty nearly time for the grand supper and Mary had just risen from the piano, when she found be side her the gentleman she had the whole evening been furtively watching and secretly admiring. After the murmur of thanks for her playing to which scarcely anyone had listened, had subsided, the general chatter recommenced, and Mary found herself for the moment with no one but the stranger near her. ‘ 1 hope you will forgive the liberty I take in introducing myself to you, Miss Smith,” said the young man suddenly. “ I have asked several people to do me the favour, but, as they have all refused, I can not help hoping that you will allow me to dispense with the usual ceremony.” “ They refused ?” said Mary smiling, though much astonished at such a strange occurrence. “ That seems very odd.” “ Yes,” he answered. “ especially as they all laughed and declared that I knew you already.” “ How funny !” she exclaimed. “ Per haps I have met you before.” “ That I can safely say you have not,” ho replied, “ it would have been impossible for me to have forgotten it.” She laughed. “ That is very nicely put, but-” “ Scarcely original, you were going to add,” he put in. “ Of course you are right, but such truths cannot be repeated too often. Anyhow I havo not been in this part of England since you left the school room, so l think it unlikely.” “ And I suppose I strike you as being of so entirely the country-cousin type that I could never have been anywhere else—in London, for instance,” she remarked, with a quiet smile. “ By no means,” he answered. “ But that does not shake my absolute conviction that I have never met you before.” “ Well, it was only a suggestion,” she said, “ and was made solely for the purpose of trying to find a reason for our friends’ refusal to introduce you to me. Which reminds me that the said introduction is incomplete. You seem to know my name doubtless it is one you have heard before; but I am yet in ignorance of yours.” “ My name is Robert Hatton Grange,” he said, watching her intently to see what effect his words produced. Luckily for Mary she was at that moment looking at something at the other side of the room. She started visibly, and the warm blood rushed into her cheeks, but, by a grsat effort, she managed to keep ; her eyes away from him for a few seconds, while she recovered herself; then turning slowly towards him she said— “ I be,r your pardon; 1 did not quite h the name. e repeated it, admiring her self-posses the while. &.r6 you any relation, to the "writer of name ?” she asked. In spite of her mess, so astounded was she, that it Id scarcely have added to her surprise he claimed the closest kinship with gentleman. , Well, no,” he answered. “ To tell you truth I am curious to find out some g about that mysterious individual, ar as I know I have not a relation in the Id named Grange, and yet you would 3 thought that no one but a relation Id have had exactly the same name. I 3 been travelling about for over so long, had never heard of him till I got home ly. I was pretty soon made aware of existence then, though.” Were you mistaken for him ?” asked y, beginning to be amused at the queer tion of affairs. I should think I was,” Mr Grange ied, with a rueful laugh at the recoilec . “ I was not at home a week, and I it the whole of my time in vainly assur my friends that I was not, never had l, and had no intention of becoming an author. I did not meet a single creature who knew him personally, so I had no one to help me in my endeavours to make people believe that it was a mistake. Indeed, I am here to-night under false pretences.” " How is that ? ” “ Why, Mr Stone Baw my name in the visitors’ book at the hotel, and made my acquaintance upon the strength of it. I assure you that I did my utmost to con vince him that I was not the man he took me for, but he refused to believe I was serious, and at last I gave up. So here I am, under my own name, but not in my own character; a modern instance of the ass in the lion’s skin, I fear. I thought they must be beginning to susp»ct me of being an impostor when I could get no one to introduce me to you.” “ That is easily accounted for,” said Mary. “ No one here has ever seen him, but they all know that I am personally acquainted with the other Mr Grange. Otherwise, no doubt, I should also have fallen into the popular error.” “ You know him ! ” cried Bob, with well feigned astonishment. “You do not mean to say that I have really come across some one at last who actually knows him ? I hope you will tell me something about him ; I seem to have got so mixed up with him lately that it will be quite a relief. But please do not betray me for this evening; they might suspect me of a design upon the family diamonds, and turn me out. At an earlier stage of the enter tainment I could have borne such a fate with resignation, but now that I have a chance of really enjoying myself, do not let the name that was the meanB of my presence within these hospitable doors be the cause of my exile.” Mary was troubled; it had never oc curred to her that there could exist any one bearing the name she had chosen for her disguise, and she felt almost as if she were talking to a ghost. “ I will not betray you,” she answered at last, gravely. " I cannot quite understand it though; t never heard of any one of that name—any one else, I mean.” “Nor I till your friend took to writing books,” he replied. “ Do you know him well P ” “ Yes, very well indeed.” “ Ah ! then why should we not, just for this one evening, pretend that I am your friend?” he suggested, regretting the words almost as soon as he had uttered them, for she coloured furiously, and though she was happily not aware of it, he of course knew perfectly well the cause of her confusion. For the moment she did not know how to reply; knowing how popular report had enlarged upon her acknowledged friendship with Robert Hatton Grange, she could not quite do as he proposed, and yet she did not see how the matter could in any way be explained. “ I think the best way,” she said, “ will be to leave things as they are, and say nothing at all about it, as it is only just for to-night. I can easily put it all right afterwards if it is necessary.” “ I wish it were not only for to-night,” exclaimed Bob, feeling an unreasoning dis like for the other fellow, to whom, of course, she was engaged. At this moment Mrs Stone joined them, and began at once, with a knowing smile— “ Ah ! Mr Grange, I see you have done without the introduction you were so anxiously asking for, after all.” Mary sincerely hoped that her new' acquaintance would not detect the mean ing of the smile or of the remark that followed. “ I said nothing of your arrival even to Mary, because no anticipated pleasure comes up to an agreeable surprise. But I assure you, I was disappointed that-” “ It was very kind of you, Mrs Stone,” Bob interrupted quickly, “ to havo been so considerate of my wishes in regard to my presence not being announced. Miss Smith was kind enough to dispense with an ordinary introduction.” “ You surprise me,” cried the jovial lady. Of course he knew to what his hostess alluded, but he saw that Mary was getting nervous and uncomfortable, so he tried to start Mrs Stone’s ideas in another direction. “ I hear that you have received some very beautiful presents to-day,” he said. “ I hope you are going to allow us to see them. I believe it is usual upon such occasions to do all you can to induce your friends to break the last commandment.” “ Certainly you may see them,” she re plied ; “ they are all in the library. Our friends have indeed been most kind and generous. I am not sure that their gifts are not more numerous and valuable than on my real wedding day, five-and-twenty years ago. But you cannot go and covet them just now, for I have come over to ask you to take Mary in i o supper. By rights you ought to have fallen to my lot, but I will be generous for once, and waive my right in favour of this young lady. I hope you appreciate my self-denial.” “ So far from self-denial, one can easily see that you are prompted by the fear of being bored,” he answered, laughing. “ But with so many older and more im portant gentlemen present, I should have been much astonished if you had accorded me the honour, though 1 need hardly say that I should have appreciated it deeply.” “ A very charming way of saying you prefer Miss Smith to Mrs Stone,” laughed the lady, as she left them, to go and pair off her other guests. “ Whatever the manner of saying it, the fact remains,” observed Grange, as soon as she was out of earshot. “ I hope you are not sorry that my supposed friendship with you has procured me the pleasure of sitting next to you at supper.” “ If you expect me to make you a pretty speech, I fear you will be disappointed,” said Mary, demurely. “ I suppose that if I had particularly disliked having you for my companion, I could scarcely have in formed Mrs Stone of the fact.” “ As 1 am sure you would not have said that if you had objected, I am satisfied that you do not,” he answered, as he offered her his arm, and they joined the stream going supperwards. (To be Continued). 