THE DAY OF REST. A BLESSED REIGN. tBy F. W. FARRAR, D.D., Dean of Canterbury.] Preacbad in St. Margaret's, Westminster, on Sunday morning, June 20, before the Speaker and the Mew barn of the House of Commoiis- "Tttou bast -loved righteousness and bated iniquity, therefore God, even thy Ged, hath anointed thflf with tile oil of gladness jitoTE t-tiy fellows.—PSALM XLV. 7. I am called to a great task in addressing the members of the House of Commons, the most ancient and the most venerable of .Parliaments which exists among imen, assembled to thank God for long-continued blessings on an occasion which naf?t be for ever memorable in the annals of our people. When I recall the place which tliIF year must occupy in the recollection of future generations, 1 might well shrink from the responsibility imposed upon me. My poor words are yery small moment. To-day the heart? of all of us should bo hushed to hear the voice of God sounding to us across the centuries. How widely and how happily does this occasion differ from others on which the representatives of our Commonwealth have met in this very ancient Church. These walls echoed to their voices when on September 25,1642, in days of deep disquietude, they swore with uplifted hand? to keep the Solemn League and Covenant. On December 20,1648, there rang a terrible and impassioned sermon expiated by the preacher on the scaffold, when, blinded by merciless passion, after the agonies of civil war, he urged the Legislature to doom the King of England to the axe of thf> executioner. During the long reign of Her Majesty the House of Commons has but twice assembled heie, once to give thanks for peaei after the hard-won victories of the Crimean War, and once, when, ten years ago, we celebrated the Jubilee of our Queen, and under the memorial window then erected one of the foremost of our living poets wrote this well-known lines. That poet has since then departed to his rest. So have the two venerable former Speakers, Lord Eversley and Lord Hampden. So have the two much loved Archbishops, Dr. Benson, of Canterbury, and Dr. Thompson, of York, who both took part in the service, and the bright-hearted man of genius, Matthew Arnold, and the Leader of the House, William Henry Smith, and the Hon. Edward Stanhope, and many another who on that day sat on those benches. They have passed through these ten years as we must all shortly pass that vale dense as midnight, yet thin as a spider's web, which hangs between us and the unknown world. They have but headed this our procession which is ever vanishing into the darkness, after crossing for a moment this narrow stage of earth between the two immensities and the two eternities. A EEIGJT ONPEECEDENTED. And we who are alive and remain are met here to celebrate the completed sixtieth year of the same beneficent and marvellous reign— a reign all but unprecedented in length, and unparalleled in its progress and prosperity. It has been all but unprecedented in length. Not only han it been the longest in the annals of England among Her Majesty's thirty-six predecessors, but to find other reigns as long we must go back nearly two centuries to the time of Louis XIV. and of two Chinese Em perors, seven centuries back to the time of Alfonso I. of Portugal, or nine centuries back to Gorm the Old, who united the Kingdom of Denmark, or three milleniums back to Kameses IL of Egypt. In all the annals, therefore, of the human race there have been but one or two sovereigns in a millenium who have reigned so long as our Queen. But how intensely memorable should it be to us whose days have fallen in this reign on this epoch in man's history! I say, carefully measuring my words, that it has been altogether unprecedented in progress and prosperity. In tha age of Pericles Greece rose like a morning star among the nations, but eresixcy yearshad sped that star had setin blood in the Bay of Syracuse. Rome in the days of Augustus dominated the world, but after him, under a succession of rulers, Bome wretched and some infamous, she whom mighty kingdoms curtsied, to, like a forlorn, desperate castaway "did shameful execution on herself." The spacious days of Queen Elizabeth, which lasted but forty-five years, were chequered by the gravest anxiety, and were followed by an era" of decreptitude and difficulty. The reign of the Grand Monarque, begun in childhood, was shaken by thunders of wicked and needless wars, and ended with persecution, bigotry, and deserved collapse. The reign of our beloved sovereign began in the brightest promise, and it bids fair, by the kind hand of our God upon us, to be golden to its peaceful close. VICTOBIA THE GOOD. Since, then, we are met to commemorate by thanksgiving to Almighty God an Accession Day of such blessed significance, let me first speak, as I am sure you would wish me to speak, one loyal, respectful word about our beloved Sovereign herself. It would be impertinent, it would be fulsome to say of her what in days, haply far less blessed, will be Bpoken by that posterity which ' will undoubtedly bestow upon her the noblest of all titles already earned, of Victoria the Good. Surely the keynote of her reign was struck in those words spoken to her mother when, called in early youth to this sovereign office, in answer to the question, "Are you. not afraid of the great charge which you assume to-day?" the reply, worthy to be written in letters of gold, was, "No, because I am sure of my inteptions, and I know that I love truth and justice." . In that answer we read the secret of the rich blessings outpoured upon her and upon England. The prosperity of the Queen's subjects has bathed in reflected lustre the pure happiness of her English home. Married to the Prince she loved, a man richly gifted and truly noble, the Queen found in his humility and his wisdom a tower of strength. He saw that life means service, and he reminded us that the interests of often contrasted classes are identical, and that it is only ignorance which prevents them from being united to the advantage of each other. In the Great Exhibition and many another fruitful scheme his high, unselfish labours were devoted to the amelioration of misery, the ennoblement of the poor, the peaceful progress of the world. Wedded to such a consort, the Queen has experienced the benediction of the Psalmist—with thirty-three grandchildren and thirty Rreat grandchildren, some of whom are destined in the natural order of things, not only to occupy the minor thrones of Greeoe and Roumania, but to sway the destinies of mighty empires like Great Britain, Germany, and Russia—she has seen the children of her children's children and peace upon Israel Contrast the gracious reign of Her Majesty with those of other Queens of England. "I, words are written in the only known autoraph of Queen Margaret of Anjou. Queen Mary Tudor, after years unspeakably tragic in their depth of misery, forbade even the semblance of a crown to be placed upon her tomb. "I am weary of my life," said Queen Elizabeth; and when the old crowned lioness of England coiled herself up in her desolate lair to die, it was, it has been said, with the whole Book of Ecclesiastes written upon her heart. From life's natural trials, which come to all alike, the Queen, of course, has not been free. She has had to shed many a bitter tear over the graves of her husband, and her children, and her grandchildren. While the gifts of the evil genii are curses in disguise, on the other hand the bitter aloes of the tender hand of God heal where they wound. And now in advancing age Her Majesty has twice reached splendid anniversaries, riding on prosperously because of truth and of righteousness, amid a number of princes aad potentates, not only of Europe and America, but of all lands, from Persia, and India, and Morocco, and Siam, and China, and Corea, and Japan, and the far Pacific Isles; it may be said of her far more literally than of Solomon the Magnificent, "The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents, and the kings of Slieba and Seba shall offer eifts." Two days hence the mighty voice of a great and happy Empire will be raised in her honour from thousands of cities all over the habitable i jlobe, raised to her amid the rejoicings, celejrations, and festivities of rich ana poor, of old and young, of which never was earthly sovereign more worthy. Her Court has been pure, her household simple, her life deeply yet unobtrusively religious, her tender heart the wellspring of sympathies, which, flowing forth upon the humblest of her people, have comforted the anguish of the widow, and dried the orphan's tears. And publicly she has set the example of that wise and lofty self- repression which has made her the most constitutional of our sovereigns. Kings there have been who have tampered with the liberties of their subjects; she has protected them! Rulers there have been who by their bad examples have poisoned the morals of their people; she has ever striven to make them sweeter and more pureAnd so God haa blessed her in the love of her subjects and in the stability of her Empire. TEE MISFORTUNES OF SOVEREIGNS. What trials have we in our own life-time seen in lloyal Houses. The fall of the Orleans dynasty in France; the rise and fall of the Republic; the rise and fall of the Second Empire; Paris taken by her enemies; Paris wrapped in flames by her own sons; a Kiuir of Franco and an Emperor of France dying in exile upon our shores. In Italy the kingdom of Naples,^ the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, the Papal States have disappeared ; in Germany the kingdom of Hanover; in South America the Empire of Brazil. An Emperor of Russia has been assassinated; a Sultan of Turkey has been assassinated ; an Emperor of Mexico shot; an Empress has lost her reason; a King of Bavaria and a Crown Prince of Austria have died by suicide. Two Presidents of the United States ha"e perished by the hands of murderers. The lives of an Emperor of Germany and of a President of France have bien attempted. A Pope has had to flee from Borne; an Emperor from Vienna. A v^ueen of Spain has been deposed; a King of Spain has abdi cated; a King of Italy has abdicated; a King of Bavaria has abdicated. In 1S4S throne after throne was shaken, and city after city bathed in blood; but the throne of our Queen has remained as at the beginning— Broad based upon the people's will, Encircled by the inviolate sea. And whew at such a day we remember the calamities of many another realm, and our own immunity from disaster and rebellion, we say from full"hearts through the "xwturies— A people's voice in full acclaim, A people''' voice, the proof and echp of all human fame, A peoplr".: voice, when they rejoice With civic revel, and pomp, and came. And with the long illumined cities' flame, Attests their much-loved ruler's claim And honour, honour, honour to- her, Undying honour to her name. THE WINDOWS OF HEAVEN" OPEJTBD. fa>- the personal worth of princes may ensure 'he prosperity of their people is not a question into which I will enter, but assuredly this genera *ion and this epoch God has, as it were, opened the very windows of heaven. Its marvellous advance is beyond all possibility of contravention. Many times in recent years have its triumphs been enumerated. Our age has been conspicuously an age of science, both theoretical and practical. It has for the first time deciphered many a riddle of the universe, and it has also learned to rift the hills and rule the waters. The age of ocean traffic, it has covered the seas with ships like floating cities in magnitude. independent of wind and tide. The age of electricity, it has girdle^ the globe in a few moments with its flaming messages, and now the whot~ world thrills constantly with common sympathies as the ambient air vibrates with every sound. The age of healing, it has combated a disease, it has minimised anguish, it has materially lengthened the average of human life. It has been the sige of empire, not only amazingly expanded, so that now the flag of England flows on the wings of all the winds, but also of empire securely consolidated—an age in which India became ours, from Cape Comorin to the Himalayas, in which TJ» have advanced in Africa to the possession of two and a half millions of square miles, and in which Australia has advanced from a few wretched convict settlements to colonies enjoying the fullest extent of political and relierious freedom, and with eight hundred thousand children in her schools.. The age of population, it has so enormously increased in England that whereas less than a century ago Napoleon first said that fifteen millions in Great _ Britain must ultimately succumb to forty millions in France, we hav«> now forty million citizens in Great Britain, and there are only thirty-nine millions in all France! It has been an age of industry to which Phoenicia and Carthage sink into insignificance. In six decades wealth has increased far more than in the previous six cen- turies and by such leaps and bounds that many a simple citizen now possesses an ampler fortune than was once the revenue of the whole kingdom. Further than all this, it has been inferior to no period as an age of intellectual activity, of noble literature, of mar vellous mechanism, of varied arte. Had we read in some book of fiction that all this and much more than this would be accomplished in little more than half a century by a bleak island, the '' Penitus toto divisot orbe Britannos" of Virgil, the Ultima Thule of Seneca, the "ghost-haunted, mist region" of Procopius, we should have been inclined, as Lord Stanhope said on our conquest of India, to fling the book aside as too preposterous for credence, and say that such marvels had never been accomplished by the lamp Qf Aladdin or the wisdom of Solomon. Happy are we that in the short course of a single lifetime our ears have heard it and our eyes have seen it, and not in dreams. And it is very far from being all, for to this record must be added the far diviner fact that this our age of magnifioent achievements -has also been the age of religious enlightenment, of philanthropic activity, of great services conferred by the Church upon the young, the afflicted, and the poor. The sneering critic may try to minimise the blessings so gigantic and so indisputable, and may listen to that with oynical 'weariness, but the Christian and the patriot will on fit occasion welcome even their reiteration with a glad and grateful heart. At the beginning of this reign men heard them prognosticated; we have had the happiness to see them accomplished. TEE LIGHT OF BETTER GOVERNMENT. In St. Paul's Cathedral sixty years ago, on the Queen's accession, the Rev. Sydney Smith, rising as it were on the wing of prophecy, said, "What limits to the glory and ^happiness of our land, if the Creator should in his mercy have placed in the heart of this royal lady the rudiments of wisdom and mercy, and if, giving them time, to expand, He will grant to lier a long sojourn upon earth, and let her reign over us until she is well stricken in years! What glory, what happiness, what joy, what bounty of God!" I ask, have not those aspirations been gloriously fulfilled? Speaking in the same year of the Church Missionary Society, of which he was President, the good Earl of Chichester said, "A star has arisen above our political horizon, a star of beauty and of promise, and from thousands of British hearts there are rising daily prayers that the dawn of her reign may be the dawn of her country's glory, that herself reflecting the beams of the risen Sun of Righteousness she may gladden and refresh our drooping land." I ask you, have not those prayers been abundantly fulfilled? Tes; it iB because they have been abundantly answered that this age has been an age of immeasurably increased comfort suid happiness to all, but pre-eminently to our densely crowded multitudes. And it should be a special causB for thankfulness to this audience on this occasion that to the vast amelioration of social conditions, to the substitution of .loyal contentment and patriotic enthusiasm for secret fury, the legislation of the House of Commons has contributed a preponderating element. The light of better government has shone in the cottage even more beneficently than in the palace. Nor is Sir Robert Peel our only Victorian statesman with regard to whom I expressed the hope that bis name would sometimes be mentioned with gratitude in the humblest homes of those who earned their bread by the sweat of their brow. The great novelist of this reign, Charles Dickens, whose first work Appeared in 1837, devoted fiction to the lofty purpose of the amelioration of abuses. As one of yourselves, a brilliant member of your own House, has said, the Judicature Acts and the New Practice have saved millions of money and destroyed a system of legalized injustice which seemed at one time as if it was meant to defy the world. In the history of our journey to the goal of an honest, cheap, and speedy administration of a a just and certain body of law, the reign of Queen Victoria must always occupy a foremost place, from which it cannot be dispossessed. In the words of an eloquent Lord h Chancellor, "Law was a' sealed book; it is now an open letter. It was the patrimony of the rich; it is the inheritance of the poor. It was the two-edged sword of fraud and oppression; it is the staff of honesty and the shield of innocence." Read but the barest list of the legislative enactments of this reign, and you will find them characterized by progressive mercy, a progressive tolerance, a progressive subordination of the monopolies of the few to the mterests of the many. Yet disregard for the sacred rights of the many has still continued, and so we still say, "Oh, statesmen! Guard us! Keep our noble England whole, and save the one true seed of freedom till public wrong be crumbled in the dust." The efforts to secure these advantages deserve assuredly our deepest gratitude. There is no statesman here who has taken a prominent part who does not know that no improvement is ever secured in Church or State save at the cost of painful self-sacrifice. Think how two plain and simple citizens of the commercial class—Richard Cobden and John Bright—fought on for years, amid measureless insult and hurricanes of opposition, to abolish the protective duties, which were causing starvation to the people ! See how Sir Robert Peel had the magnificent courage alter his first convictions because he brought to politics, like Edmund Burke, a horror of crime, a deep humility, and a pure conscience, and because, as Lord Brougham said of him, he could always turn from the storm without to the sunshine of an approving conscience within; and recall the impassioned battles which accompanied the passing of the later Reform Bill. Every true man must always be ready to brave the blows of opposition, to face the hiss of malice, and to advance in the teeth of antagonisms. The noblest man, said Pericles, is he who has a full recognition of the difference between hardship and pleasure, yet never shrinks from dancer. And because it takes true men to choose this lot rather than answer the multitude according to their idols, therefore we must ever pray "God, give us men!" A time like this demands strong minds, great hearts, true faith, and ready hands— Men whom the lust of office'does not fill; Men "whom the spoils of office cannot buy; Men who possess opinions and the Men who have honour; men who dare not lie. AGENCIES OF BLESSEDNESS. I must pass over what I would otherwise have said of the great work done by this age, especially to the training and education in a thousand ways of the young. It is impossible to enumerate them. Should we not thank God that they are too numerous to exhauet— the multitudinous agencies of blessedness now at work among us? One beneficent career haB been a stimulus and example to many. Enter the western door of our great Abbey, and on the white roarbleof thestatue. not whiter than his life, read the two monosyllables which sum up the career of beatitudes in the life of Anthony Ashley, Earl of Shaftesbury— " Love, Serve." He took them as the law of his future life in silent self-consecration when, as a Harrow boy, he was the indignant witness of ; .>« levity at a pauper's funeral, and who was so strengthened to fulfil his will that of him as of John Howard it might be said, "For departed Kings there are appointed honours, and. the wealthy have their! gorgeous obsequies; it was his nobler lot to clothe the nation in spontaneous I mourning, and to go down to the grave amid 'the benediction^ of the poor." Let the cynic and the worldling sneer as they may, the response of every good man's enthusiasm, even at this summary and imperfect retrospect, will be " Lift up your hearts! We lift them up unto the Lord. Let us give thanks to our Lord God, for it is meet and right so to do." Surely amid our processions and festivities, our bonfires, our millions of waving flags, an(l all the pomp and prodigality of a capital fax more stupendous in its wealth and population than Hie world has ever seen—truly, while all thes«- splendours are the natural expression of gladness for these God's inviolable benefits, it T-ould prove but the urter unworthiness of the nr+ion if a retrospect P" blessed ended in nothing but outward exultation.' Shall an unvarniaJied record of prosperity so incalculable leave behind it no permanent lesson ? Shall it bs powerless to stimuli^" generosity, to uplift in mtc nobler and mrre spiritual magnanimity, to make us ashajned of petty greed and the slimy marsh of mere personal or domestic selfishness? Surely it should in spirn our souls as with n. morning wind! OCR MOST ROBHIDABTIE "WEldES. W" hear a great deal of national honour. Pauperism is national dishonour; so is drunkenness, so is pre ventible disease, 89 is the miserable squalour in which our poorestlive. These are our most real and formidable enemies, and if we attack them seriously we shall have fighting enough in our time! . We must bew-re of the peril of our own prosperity. The tale of ruin of many a nation is that wealth brought apathy, avarice, and sensualism. "It is in the relaxation of security, n said F4mund Burke, " it is in the expansion of prosperity, it is in the hour of dilatation of the he»rt and of its softening to festivity and pleasure, that the real character of the man is discerned." If we are selfish, then, we ma well tremble lest our glory should fade. I England, amid the tremendous days of toil and conflict which undoubtedly await her in the future, and in the near future, grows in sloth and greed and sensualism, if she lose her faith in the eternal messages of the living God, if Bhe use her wealth only as a means of selfaggrandisement, and 'not for the service of mankind, then will her wealth make itself wings and fly away. Her pomp will be brought to too ground and the noise of her viols, and there will be the utterance of the dread fiat, " Thy kingdom has departed from thee." The ghosts of the foreign kings of nations shall say to her, "Art thou too become weak as we? Art thou too become like unto us?" O God, avert the omens of our unfaithfulness! May it teach us by faith and by faithfulness to prevent that twentieth century which soon will dawn upon ns in glory from setting in earthly eclipse! On such a day as this, I will not conclude with even a shadow of a gloomy prognostic. Rather will I say with Milton, " Metninks I see in my mind a noble and puissant nation rousing herself like a strong man after slee| and shaking her invincible locks! Methinks. see her as an eagle mounting, renewing her mighty youth, and kindling her undazzled eyes at the midday beam." Rather let us pray that by steadfast determination to do the thing that is right, and to speak the truth from the heart, this our glorious country may never sink, as so many other countries have done, into decay and decrepitude, but, nnder sovereigns as gracious and as merciful as our Queen, may still in the future be, as she has been in the best days of the past, not pusillanimous, not dilatory, but fearless in the cause of righteousness, not acquiescent in stagnant abuses, but strong as the lion, swift as the eagle, in the contest with every form of villainy and vice, and so may prove to our own people and to all the world, by God's blessing upon men's faithfulness, the fulfiller of that well-painted ideal that she should be a source of light, the oentre of peace, mistress of learning and the arts, faithful guardian of great memories in the midst of ephemeral visions, faithful servant of time-tried principles amid the temptation of licentious desires, and amid the cruel and clamorous jealousies of the nations preacher of goodwill towards men. 