ºiqxanldrý & ' qa gtudnir d FRIDAY, DECEMBER 24th, 1897. OUR CHRISTMA8 GHOST8. I- Wno does not regret that young MIa millius never told that story of " sprites and goblins " which his mother Her mione was so anxious to hear 7 Who is not sure that it would have curdled his blood most delightfully. and made each particular hair to stand on end, and given him that charming feeling of "creepiness" up (and down) the spine, which a first-rate ghost story is war ranted to produce? If you remember, r it was to be of so awesome a nature r that the boy declared he must " tell it softly," so that " the crickets should not hear it," and, no doubt, its opening promised well. " There was a man dwelt by a churchyard "-this we know and nothing more. The story-toller did not get nearly so far as that other and older raconteur who left half told " the story of Cambuscan bold," or Keats with his " Hyperlan," or Color idge with his " Christabel"; and the literature of ghosts wants what would probably have boon its finest and thril ling chapter. Every sensible person laments that Squire Hardcastlo never told (for the world's benefit) that " story of ould Grouse in the gun room " at which Diggory had been laughing " these twenty years." We have the squireo's own assurance that the story was " a good one "; but he would infinitely rather have had the story of young 1Mamillius. Like the unfinished window in Aladdin's palaco, however, unfinished it must remain. Rash hands have essayed, it is true, to solve " the Mystery of Edwin Drood," but the story which a Shakspearo be gan only a Shakspeare could complete. "There was a man dwelt by a churchyard." Well, in a certain sense, each one of us "dwells by a church yard "-the churchyard, the hallowed ground, in which are gathered to gether the green graves of the past. Alas, the number of these graves I Ah, there's the pity of it I An Christmas follows Christmas to that bourno from which no Christma?es return, how fast they multiply, until, on looking backward, we can see nothing but the wan white memorial- stone, which marks the last resting-place of the vanished hope, the crushed ambition, the lost friendship, the betrayed trust. Every week, every day, adds to the tale of our dead; lengthens out the record of I our chequered memories. If Mamillius I had finished his story it would never I Shave-had for us the pathos of that sad eventful narrative which each man's own particular churchyard whispers in his ear-tells " softly "-for it is one which " the crickets should not hear," which concerns hunielf alone. As men must work, though women may weep, we most of us keep the gates locked, so to speak, and the churchyard is still enough throughout the year; but now and again, as at Christmas time, the departed rise from their graves and through the open gates troop in among us to remind us of what has been. These are our Christmas ghosts, which the meanest have at their command as fully as the oldest of old families, with their traditional time-honouredscoptres and mysterious visitants, who make night hideous for timid housemaids, or uncourteously disturb the repose of stranger-guests. Our Christmasghosts I These come to us once a year at least, and every year the company grows larger; but the faces of the older comers are less clear of feature, and their forms more shadowy; and, by a merciful provision of Providence, we look upon them with increasing com posure, and a growing sense of hope fulness and faith. For our part we think we ought to welcome their company. It is not good for us to turn our backs upon the past, and say that we will have noth ing more to do with it-that hence forth our lives shall be wholly in the present or the future. The truth is, we cannot so easily cut ourselves ofl from it ; it has helped to make us what we are, and its influences, for good or e[ vil, are with us still. Besides, if the I grim churchyard turns out a gristly array of "sprites and goblins," it also sends us many a radiant angel-form. If on our annual resurrection-day the disappointed ambition and the baffled aspiration start up to perplex us, so, 1 too, the dear ones who have gone be fore come with the air of heaven about them to soothe, to inspire, and en courage us. The mother whom we loved so tenderly, the child who was I taken from our reluctant embrace in the bloom of its poor young beauty, the friend whose faithfullness never gave way in the hour of sharpest trials, these are with us, sit by our hearths, occupy their well-remembered chairs, and unite our present lives to their past by links of gold. Would you deprive yourself of this great joy, because of the sarrow which mingles with it Z be cause "withered hopes on hopes are spread," like the layers of the dead leaves of many autums in the forest glades Memories that make the heart a tomb, Regrets which glide through the spirits gloom would you shut yourself out from the shadows of happy hours-the bright and sweet and joyous recollections which the past has alone to give 1 There are ghosts and ghosts. It is clear from veracious chronicles that if some make it their unpleasant mission to terrify and injure us, others come with timely words of counsel, warning, and comfort on their spectral lips, and these predominate in " quantity and quality." The world's wrong is more than compensated by tholworld's right. The pleasures of life, if we could weigh them, would be found to outbalance its pains ; or as Brennus flung in his sword to weight the scale against the conquered Romans, we, too, can al ways turn the balance by throwing in Hope. There are numerous mounds in the churchyard, but there are many more daisies ; and the man who dwells by it may, if he will, see something of better omen than the mere signs of mortality. At the head of the grave do you not plant the Cross. We remember to have heard once upon a time an eager discussion of the problem whether the realisation of a I pleasure is equal to the anticipation of it 1 But better than realisation, which always has its unexpected drawbacks, or than anticipation, which is neces sarily overcast with uncertainty, is the reminiscence. And there is this advan tago-that the reminiscence lasts ; and yet another advantage-that it grows continually sweeter and more consol ing. Take our Christmasses for ex ample. We look forward-or, at least those of us who are not cynics and smart essayists-look forward to each coming Yule with pleoasureable thoughts. It is the rallying-time of domestic affections and old friendships, and the circle so often broken in upon by adverse circumstances is for this once to be renewed. But it comes the long-looked-for Christmas; and with it various vexations and crosses, insignificant in themselves, but, at the same time, sufficient to infuse a dash of bitterness into our cup of joy-that "amari aliquid "which Fate is so fond of offering to human lips. By- and-bye, howover, when our Christmas ghosts sweep before us, we see nothing of this. The ocloud has gone clean away; our wistful eyes rest only on the brightness. So it is always. The Christmas of last year seems to us brighter and better than the Christmas of this; and the Christmas of the year before brighter and better still. In this way our Christmas ghosts grow les forbidding every year; and in time we come to think them the best of company, as indeed they are. Yes; even the saddest, grisliest, and most gloomy I For all have something to tell us-words of advice and caution, the precious leseons of experience. Tihe ghost of a crushed ambition warns us to limit our desires to the measure of our means ; the ghost of a: shattered F hopeo teaches us to be on our guard against illosions of our own creation ; t the ghost of a lost love counsels us to P raise our hearts above the things of t mortality, and to reach forward, with a strong, unflinching faith, to that land it beyond the Dark River, where love be comes immortal and partings are un- r known, and trust can never more be b betrayed, and there are no ghosts- al because, thank God I there are no dead. D 