r CURR&JONG.; [from oub own correspondent.] Juno 29. A grand cnange lrom perishing drought j to that of lovely growing weather prompts I me to quote the Shakesperian words of tho I 3rd Richard, who once ruled in England, and may be read in the sense they were written and literally, ' Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer.' While the mighty host of loyal English was assembling in our dear Mother land to render homage to Victoria the Good and Great, while tho people of by far the greatest empire on earth were joining in song of thanksgiving in every quarter of the globe, the blessed rain came down in our district, and changed its woe begone aspect as it were by magic, into one of fatness and plenty. The extraordinary manner in which the native grasses have sprung up, and the very marked alteration for the better in the sugar cane fields, at this time of tho year, is, I believe, almost if not quite unprecedented since tho sugar industry was founded in Queensland. A few weeks more of cold dry weather would have entirely ruined thousands of acres of cane in the Burnett. No frost ever yet experienced would have had such a deadly efiect upon the crops. ' Jubilee' rains and humidl.y warm weather, however, cams in time to save tho country from severe loss it must otherwise have sustained. - The mass of browned loaves on tho cane are now being rapidly hidden bv verdant green ones, and all vegetation seems like tho proverbial ' refreshed' lion, to have taken a new lease of life. The Gin Gin Central Mill will commence crushing on the 6th July. Considering the long term of dry weather the cane has had to battle with, and the condition the mill is in co work night and day from August and then close before Christmas, it would, in my opinion, have been better to post pone the crushing if frost keeps away, for now the cane is growing, and will continue to do so while the present warm and moist weather lasts. It cannot be profitable to any mill or cane grower to force on crush ing in a season like this. The «nly good reason for early commencement would be that frost had affected the cane. That, however, haB certainly not been generally the case. In some very low-lying patches frost has injured the oane a bit, but the acreage is insignificant. As is the case with the subject of public baths in Maryborough, which croeps out of sight in cold or rainy seasons, so the rather absurd idea of starting no less than two 'cuthroat' dairy companies, with butter factories and ' a' that,' (in a district, too, where dairy cows are but rarely seen) has taken a decided spell during the late severely dry time. The public in the meantime have no doubt ruminatively chewed the cud, and probably may now see that if the dairy - industry is to be established in a proper manner it will be advisable to start with one united company ; and so dispense with, as much as possible, with unreasonable competition. The money they were pre pared to chuck away in fighting for supremacy they may now consider would be better expended in buying reliable milkers, and introducing pure-bred bulls. That the Burnett is destined to be a great dairy district is beyond question. Dairying will be its greatest industry, but to rush the business with two competitive factories, when scarcely ready to provide milk profit ably to one, looks very much like nonsence. Bundaberg is still hammering away to get the western line that will some day con nect Hervey's Bay with the Dawson country. It is, however, only playing into the hands of Brisbane, who hope to push out a line via Nanango. If its people would agitate for the extension of the Cordalba line, via Stanton Harconrt, to hit the trank line to Gayndah, they would do themselves and the district some service ; instead of crying for tbe setting moon, without a ghost of a chance getting it. 