[?] A The fact that Uutlor'a «l»oat has not ap poarod to haunt anybody, uud that the Rhostu of Bullor'B vicbiuis preservo what my frlond jack Haynoa would call an 'ominous ullonco,' goos to show that the ghost business la aboub played out. Even n brinul now melodrama, with Fiedler's ghost in a slur part, wouldn't fotch much of a crowd nowadays. Fischer's ghoflt, by 4-\\\n **?«« 1« /\nn i-vP fUrttlrt Ilfltl wlllP.ll if fit !1 ft. ' hoary roputatlon by autiqnity. Thuro is | ono 'simple explanation of tho allowed I mystory which does not appear to havo ! Htruck any of tho oreduloua puople who ; ltavo talkod and written 80 inuuh about it. i In Fiaohor'B tirao tho opprobrium attuchod | to an informor In N.8.W., or, in fact, to nny cltizun who boro witness in a oourt of | law nguinst another wns such aB to amount (ilmost to a boycott. Bather lluin risk ' tho social ostracism which would attend I upon thoir putting Fisoher'a murderer away, tho pooplo who knnw all about iti iuvontod tho atory of tho giddy Bpook I whloh Btood on tho bank of a chilly wator | Iiolo and pointod out its own corpse Bub : that was a long tirno ago. Tho youngor gonoratlon aturdily rufuso to boliovo in spooks, unlosB tlioy bo flosh and blood ! opirlts liko Mrs. MoIIou'b. ' Brunkor, tho Rood and virtuous Brunkorj t Brunkor, who novor told a Ho (even I although lio ia a parish politician), has | dotormincd to put down tho salo of tho Blxpenny plug on Sundays. If n Johnnlo i wants a cigar on tlio San-bath ho can walk into tho God-fearing Govonimont'sK:iil way Kofroshiufiiifc Boom and part up his thrummor for it, but if a working follow lias ueglectod to provide hlmsolf with a : black plug ho can wait till Monday, and bo , damnod to him. Brunkor haa ordorod tho ,' polico to fllmli up tho tobacconists, and ) Brunkor is boss until tho noxt gonorul I election, anyhow. If the working moti of I Now South Wales do not Rot up and jump i on tiiispulliijj.hypoorltloivl.paltoring, proto plasm of a Government uoxt yoar thoy don't I doaorvo to Itoop tlio magnificent country I God Almighty has pub at thoir disposal. j Tho working elector han a clear duty boforo him — to kick tho Btuflliig out of that unholy Siamoso combination botwuun Hold and M'Qowen, which has prevented all j useful legislation, and thrown Now South I Wales back about llfty yoars in tho inaroli | of progroso, ? Hero Is a vory fair aamplo of Australian ?iudustry, A poultry f armor up Purro ' inatta wny, a baoliblor, had sot thirteen i prlzo og(*s undor ono of hia broody hens. I The lion faithfully attended to her duty I until Jubileo wook, when, it is suppoand, ' tho oolobrations upset her, and she loft ' tho nest flvo days bul'oro tho chicks wero duo. Tho poultry man was in a dilemma, but ho suddenly got a call, and, going out, ho gathered thorn up carefully in his hat, brought them insido, and got vdo bed with them. At tho mid of tho time hoprosuntod himsolf with a family of ton ehluku, and now that ontorprlaing Australian goes , around hin fowlyard oluekinj* and congra tulating himself ou hia happy inspiration. ? ? ♦ ' Brunkor is saving tho ponnios afc tho Government Printing Oflloo. Tho augolio cow-punchor is bringing tho now Govern- - ( monfc printer up in tho way ho ought logo. A Membur of Parliament mislaid hia 1 Hansard tho other morning', and spoedod round to tho prlntor'a for anothor oopy. Ho wnu told that owing to the rotronoh i no nt season hn could not j,rol- a duplioato. Druukor had issund ordure that tho Govern mont printor'a supply of sausage wrappora wore for private mile only, und that tho ? \- intitltulion under Mr. Applogatn Clulliok wan ono fur tlio tiuppi'nsBion, and not tho j dimioniinutlon ol knowledge, and that ap | plicnuts for documents had to go (o Oool ! gardio or olmiwhoro. Tho lion, niumbiir wont up to tlio Ilmisi) iu a white hoat and com- ? J plained about it, and thci Treasury Mogul ' explained (o (lio above cftVcb. Afc ouo tinio nny pnrson who had rv reiifiouabhi nlaim to Govoi-nmonfc prinloil malli'r could j;.jfc it, I but now tho responsible authorities, ovi | dontly consider that all useful knowledge nhould bo kept from tlio public, as inunh as posfiihlo, (.'.specially uu the public urn taxed | tc keep up Hid Government Printing OJlleo, | und pay for thu printing, paper, Ink, labor. und everything oonnoo.lt'd with tho imitilu tion. At ono (lino tliti 1'rens would bo courtoouiily tiupplicul, and rifjhtly, with any Govurnuiont (looiinuintii \l iiMjuiri'tt on appliualiou, now tlm ovor-paid lunrtioniivloa who oflU:iat;o inuloi- riruuluir put ovory j possiblo oli.itftclu in tlm way of any nown j)apor thatupplic.'i fur pi-iuUul mutt fi'. This llovurnmonti iiiuut liavo u i;ood dual to conciial. » » » Tho rampauli rnlu of ofllcialioin luul ivnol.hor iiiijolonl; oxamplo in Mio roRont oxuliiiiion of an unfavored licctlnu of tho 1'roflii from Iluthir'n oxiuiutinn. Olilof ; JInii-(iiinii M'a.ybury, wil.h iiuwiirrautod j olTronti'ry, tool; it U]-on him.-ilf to refuso : ndmlusion to oorlaiu iSydncy nutviipapern, ! n)iioii((iifc whiuli wi-r« (hn Hiii,i,i:tjn /mil Sunday Tijihh. Hy wlial.evcr inotivou, pcr.ionivl or othorwine, J\rr, Khorifl ivaii iicliiuitud, ho otirtaiiily oxcoednd hii- duly, iviul (/' fc/iti MinUdoc tov Jiisliiio linn not 1 nlrauly n])prifioil Ihin iu»vly- ajip(iliil.(ul i servant of tho paoplo to that effect, ho no doubt will do so lator on. It seems to mo that as soon as some peoplo aro invostod with a little paltry authority thoy really ' Duuno where thoy are.' Musician Kowafaki has taken up his resldcnco in London lor a tinio. It is rumored that tho Franco-AuBlraiian com poser's trip to Europe is not nlto^othor a business one. II, Henri may bn as subjuct to malade de occur as another. Wliy not P A society writer on a prominonb Sydney weekly onco made an awkward mistrilco in lior deacription of a small gatliorin^ at ono of tho Pointa. After u poutic description of the drosses and the illuminated grounds, oho concluded i 'And the I;vdio3 moving about under tho sparkling lampllt trcos lookud for all tho world liko jhouls, newly arrived from some underground uitvern in fairyland.' She meant to havo written Ib ' gnoinoB,' but tlio womon wore ropablo. Thuy thought tho kindly critio meant to infer that they hud just been dug up. Anothor old colonist has gono to join tho majority In thu poraon of Arohdoacon King, who was buried at Wavorley ou Monday last. Tho Kind's havo played a largo and lionorablo part in Colouial history. They tiro a good stuck, from Governor King, who saw sorvioo in the old wooden frigntos of Ills MajoBty Georgo III., down to tlio third and fourth generations, scattered about the colonies iu various responsible positions. * ? ? The magnetic golden neodlo is at pro aont pointing to 'Kloudyke.' Klondyko ia a.wolrd, god-abandoned pluco iu British Columbia, ivlioro guld is said to oxist in largo quantities Tho now liuld is about as cold us Coulgiirdie is hot, uud tho country oven moro deadly. What tho world wants juut now is a big gold Hud. (somewhere within easy reach of the tram und tho throupeuny 'bus. Most all the mineral discovered of late yours lias been situated iu oub ot Uio ivay places, and a fellow is bound to get his foot wot travel ling to them. Tho world is getting smaller and smaller overy day, bub for my part I would rather may tib home and catch typhoid from tho family draiu tlvui journey all tho way to If ulgoorlio after ik. I nupposo I don't; liungor aftor gold uiuoh; uoL if 1 havo to go and dig for it, anyway. 1 look at it this way. it costs Jild to get to Coolgardie, and about the aatno to get to Now Ciuluca; tho chnuoos are about equal ) if anything, Now Guinea has tbo advantage. Well, for wClG I can gob Aftoeti slmros in Tatt.'s, and ono excitement is as good us another. VViieh I liaru Jilfi to spare I will speculate ib that way. I may nob got anything, nob ovoa a fovor, but I boliuvu thu iuvestmeub ia lioulchior and X won't havo to do any liumpiDg. I did buy soiuo ahnroa iu a mine onco. A vory old and dear friend pub mo ' on. Ho said ib wan a. dead sure thing, Thoy culled, the venture the Geluouda and Ophir, Ltd, Ib is eighteen years ago since I bought thab ucrip, bub I huve nob given up ail Jiopua of a dividend y6't, PorhapD ib would havo beeu better for mo, liko good . Air, Brunkor, to have taken shares in the Now Jerusalem — tlireepeunorthuweek on ?Sunday, * * ? Molbourno has anothor aonsation. Tho latuBt nasty ease from tho City of Nasty idniollu is that of Leonora Lowla, a young woman of 18, who says that uhu weub to a llouL-lto-Btioeli duntlsb some tiuio ago to have lior teeth iixed, uud while she wna uudei' tho luilueuee of coealno tho donlist took advantage of her. As the result a ohild was born, and ab a coroner's enquiry on tho deulh of tho infant thla extra ordinary allegation wna inado by the mother. There in a moral attached to this story, true or false, which all young dentists will do well to follow. Always havo a lady attendant iu your rooms, Most (luntiats, reuderud wiuo by experience, do taUo this precaution. There is a puuttltar feature about the Melbourne case, iis cocaine iu guucnilly employed iu den tistry only an a local luiiUHUioiio, it being oxlri'iuoly daugoroiiu to adniimuter it iu quantitrioti tniltlcieut to deprive a pationt ol' uouaovumwuo, What will tho Government do when there ia no moro titiud to iihilt and no more fjonib to cut ? 1-1 ow will I hoy /iiul vvoi'lc lor tlm unemployed I1 I'robably tlio wino lUr, ivoid will i;o out oi? utlicu ami k'ave hiu uucue^.iora to muut tho titorni, Tho Acting-l'remiorV: latest act; of pro uumjition i^ to risfujo in.yiHtanco iu iho mallei' of housing a parly of French fioliliurn who (vrrlvoil iu .Sydney Ijy tlio diitabluil liLeamer Tuiialu. '.i'liiii it; iiotliing luuu than \incivilhiud booriiihno.iM, which will, without, doubt, bo attributed to Now Bouth V.'ali.Mi collnctlvoly by tlio Fronch nation, whureaii it Iu tlm aut oi an Indi vidual who known no butter. J Sut. if the oluulorn will puu peoiile hlco Drunker into roKpomiiblo poiillioiiii wliatcan I hey expect. Thin act el' olmrliuli Inhotipil.alit.y is iu !iiii|;uliu' coutraiit (o tho kind ami luunauo troutinoiit nlt'onlnd lo liliipwruekod iJritoiib on many cccnuloiiM by tho Froncli, 