/ THE LITTLE AUNTIE, 4 , BY MISS BRADDON. . . CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) Mr. L'erwiek and Colonel Paraby went off o the paddock together. Tho other gentlemen strolled away along tho lino of drags and car riages, and wero. lost in tho crowd. The boys asked their father if they might go with him to hpo TtnrlmnHh and hniner nomewhat clirtlv refuaed. llioy found iifo hardly worth living. Fluff did not conceal his disgust. The coach had been delightful as long'as it was moving; but to sit on tho top of a horseless vehicle, looking at tho crowd, and the downs, and the sky, was not enough for pleasure. Paul began to climb down, when his mother litopped him. "You are to stay with us, Poppino." "Us! Who's us? All the mtn ate gone." "But you are not a man." "No, but I ain't blind. I want to walk about Bnd have a look at things — and so does Fluff." "Yes, yes, mummy, I'm tired of being up here." "Oh, you naughty boys, when father Is giving you such a delightful treat." "It ain't a treat to be up here among a lot of Women," grumbled Paul. "If it is, why don't Colonel Famby and the Governor stop?" "How dare you talk of the 'Governor?' " "Oh, you want boys to be spoons, and say Papa' llko a doll with a phonograph In Its Btomach," retorted Paul, In cpen mutiny. "I iwnnt to go to tho paddock and see if Badmash looks like winning — or. If I mayn't go there, I can stroll about tbe course, and look up my friends." "I won't allow you to leave the coach. You would be going about among the ragged children, and getting scarlet fever. Look, there's a dog on the course. The race is going to begin." , "Aud there's a bobby chasing him!" cried .Fluff. Tho dog made a diversion, and it was fun to see tho clerk of tho course riding gallantly up and down, and the bluo coats thrusting tbe crowd back on'elthcr side, till the long strip of sward lay clear and smootb, like a green ribbon. And then came the race before tho Derby; and eleven horses in whose fortunes the bookmakers seemed the only people interested distinguished or disgraced themselves after the manner of horsc-flcsh. . And when tho race was over, Mr. Lerwick came back to the coach flushed and feverish, laughing and talking more than usual; and more champagne bottles wero opened; Indeed, Paul, watching his father keenly, noted with a strange childish fear that the owner of Badmash was drinking nearly all the time between that preliminary race and the event of the day. Fluff,- less thoughtful, but as observant, re marked upon tho fact. "What a lot of cham pagne father drinks. Isn't it bad for him. Mummy?" "It won't hurt him to-day, dear. He only takes It because he's anxious about the horse." "But Badmash will win, won't -he? Father Bald we were to see him win." "I hope you will, dear. But horses are so uncertain. They never seem to know their own minds," answered the mother uneasily, and then she clasped the big doeskin paw with her delicate little hand. "Tony, he's going to win, ain't he?'.' . "God knows. There's a dead set against him in the ring. The hookies will he hit hard, aud 1 Shall mako a pot of money if he wins." "Do they give you your money In a pot?" asked Fluff. "What kind of pot?" But Anthony Lerwick was too preoccupied to answer infantine questions. He stooton the box-seat with his Held glass In his hand ready to sweep the course. The tumbler of champagne . bad left him pale as ashes — aud even Pamby the facetious was strangely silent, after his seventh brandy and soda, and only muttered little jocosi ties to Mrs. Lerwick to keep up her spirits. Poor Tony! He had tried so often for this prize, bad backed his own horses with " such un flinching faith In horse and jockey, and nothing but 111-luclc had been his portion. He had never calculated how much his racing Btud and his book — that fatal book, which was but a register of mistaken opinions— had cost him. A man twho doesn't know how rich he Is need not keep any account of his losses; hut he knew roughly that he had been losing a good many thousands a year ever since he went on the turf. He didn't mind about tho money. His income from Lcr- iwlck and Co. came rolling in every year, and he bad to get rid of it somehow. What he felt (was tho disappointment, the humiliation, the shame of failing where other men succeeded. No horse could have looked finer in the pre liminary canter. Mrs. Lerwick devoured the ani mal with her eyes as he bounded along, seeming scarcely to touch the ground. His light bay coat sbone like golden-brown satin, and the mauve and , white — her choice — were the prettiest colors on the course. White jacket and mauve sleeves; mauve and white cap. "It's much prettier than if the jacket were mauve and tho sleeves white, Isn't It, Tony?" she asked, squeezing her husband's hand. "Yes, dear, yes, awfully jolly," he answered, .watching the horse. "He don't go feelingly on his off-fore, does he, Pamby?" and then they muttered together, with grave faces. The flag fell — the horses were off with a sound like thunder. The course was hard as Iron, and Badmash was a heavy horse who would have had a better chance on heavier ground. The favorite .was light' a3 a sylph — fine as gold wire. ' The great seething crowd of London, let loose for a holiday, seemed to breathe as one man, and that ' onau was holding his breath. One minute of rhope, half a minute of doubt, half a minute of despondency, and then — fifteen seconds of blank despair, and there rose that roar of unanimous IVoIces which acclaims the triumph of the favorite. .."Has Badmash. lost again?" Fluff asks dole- jfully. "Not again, my laddie. This Is the gee's first achievement on this particular course," answers Famby, who has only been grave in sympathy with his friend' not having adventured so much as a solitary sovereign upon Mr. Lerwick's horse. "His first and his last appearance In this particu lar race." "But father lost the Derby last year." "Yos, Fluff, but with another horse. It takes a fresli 'un every time." "Badmash Is a beast," says Fluff, with serious Indignation. "And I shan't have my sapphires," sighs pretty Mrs. Lerwick, aud then with a little gut of af fection she slips her hand under her husband's ' ' arm — he lias dropped Into the seat at her sWe, while Pamby goes off to the paddock to Interview -Bndir.ash's rider. "I hope you don't feel very disappointed, Tony.' "I oughtn't to. I'm used to It," he answers, ' (with a bitter lightness. "I wish you'd sell all those horrid horses and sack your trainer," she adds coaxingly. Of course when one is ridiculously rich, spend ing a little more or less can't matter; but still to ,Mrs. Lerwick's feminine judgment that train ing stable, with horses that never win a race, seems a sad waste of money. There was a villa near Lecco to be sold last September when they ' jwere at Bellngglo, and she would have liked Tony to buy it. Tbe price sounded a great deal In lire but the villa would hardly have cost as ' much as that, stupid stable— and it would he chie to own an Italian villa on the loveliest lake In -Italy, even If one seldom bad leisure to live In It. CHAPTER IV. — BUT OVER ALL THERE HUNG ' A CLOUD OF FEAR. There were no more treats after the Derby Bay. The London season was now at Its fullest power, and mother was going to parties every lil&h;'t.' The evening upon which she was due at only one party was an exception to the general rule of two and three engagements nightly. She was always having new frocks. Fluff knew, for lie was often called into her room to look at something especially pretty, and when he ad mired a frock or a mantle with enthusiasm he was said to have very good taste, to be altogether In advance of his years. Or it with Infantine candor bo called a frock ugly, he \va3 laughed at gaily as a baby, who knew no better. "Why, It's the very height of the fashion, pet!" protested Mrs. Lerwick. "Is It? Then I should like something lower down." . . Paul was not consulted. He bad been found -unsympathetic, brusque almost to clownishness. He wondered why bis mother had so many gowns; talked about "you women," and "the r money you chuck away on trumpery," as if he iwero a political economist. A boy of that kind could hardly be petted by a pretty young mother like Mrs. Lerwielc. Fluff .would sit on tbe iloor and turn over her jewels in their velvet nests, and choose the diamond neck lace he was to have for his wife when he grew UP and marl-led. "Father must have heaps of money to buy you all these," exclaimed Fluff; "or had you any of them before you were married?" "No; girls don't have diamonds." "'Don't they? Not even rich girls?" '"'Not even rich girls. It Isn't good style." "'Were you a rich girl?" 'No— not exactly rich." ""Not rich like you are now?" searchlngly. "No." ; "'Were you poor?" "Of course not. How can you ask such silly fjuestlons?" "The little Auntie doesn't look as If she were tlch." '"No; because she lives In the country, and idoeBn't go to parties, and doesn't want smart Clothes." "Doesn't Bhe like pretty things?" ' "'She couldn't wear them In a Devonshire vil lage — whore your grandfather lives." Fluff asked a good many more questions. He bad a thirst for Information that afternoon. ' Why didn't mother have auntie to live at Pala tine-square, and give her pretty frocks, and take her to parties — and then, perhaps, she would marry a rlch;man, like father? On which his mother checked him indignantly, and told him,lt iwas very vulgar to talk of people's money. "That Is tho way servants talk!" "Yes, It Is," assents Fluff; "they talk of you — End father's money; and that you ore both 'stra. vagant enough to run through your fortune if I! was twice as much." "Do they say that— to you?" "No; but I bear them. I listened at the door yesterday when Sarah and Loo were cleaning tbe schoolroom." "Insolent wretches — but you mustn't listen; Fluff. It's low and vulgar to listen. Only horrid little boys listen. Did you hear any more?" "Loo said you're not so pretty as you was a year or two ago." "Not you 'was,' Fluff— as yoti 'were.' " "Loo said you didn't wear well." "Loo! You must never call a servant Loo. I can't think where you get such vulgar ways." "Sarah calls her Loo. And father calls you Nell." "That's quite different. People of the same class may call each other what they like." And then Mrs. Lerwick, in her light way, tried to explain to him the great gulf there was be tween a little boy who lived In Palatine- square and the servants who waited upon him. She did not go quite so far as to say that they were made of a different clay, but she tried to make him understand that they were always to be treated as creatures of a different race, with whom ho could have no thoughts or feelings in common. "It always distresses me to see your familiarity with Tandy," she said. "But while you are small and he has to ride by your side, I suppose that can't be helped. When you are big enough to manage your pony, Tandy will ride behind you." "I'm not afraid ot my pony; but If Tandy rides behind me, who shall I have to talk to?" "Your brother, of course." "Paul's so Ignorant. Tandy knows everything —all about horses, and dogs, and rats, and birds — and everything. Tandy lived with a country doctor" — here Fluff sank his voice to a solemn whisper — "who kept fighting-cocks— and they fought; and Tandy used to bold one, and the doctor held tho other, and they were 'game' to tbe last feather!" concluded Fluff, in a burst of enthusiasm. "If I had known that of Tandy he should never have been engaged in our stable." "Oh, come now, the stable's father's p'ovince — I heard him tell you so once when you grumbled at his horses always losing. The stable's his p'ovince. What is a p'ovince?" It. was a glorious summer. There was hardly a rainy day between Epsom and Goodwood. As cot was a Saturnalia of hot weather aud smart frocks, and society babble. Mr. and Mrs. Ler wick hired a house at Windlesham for the race week — a "place" In a park, where there was a pond in a wooded seclusion that offered an ever lasting silence for any stony-broken member of the Jockey Club. The place at Windlesham was roomy enough for a large house party, but not large enough to acccmmodate Paul and Fritz and their belong ings. "Besides," said Mrs. Lerwick, during one of her rare visits to the schoolroom, as if continuing a line of argument, "it would be a pity to inter rupt Paul's studies when he is getting on so well with you." She looked at Miss Warren for assent and encouragement, but that lady, who was always more provoking than anybody else In the world, cliose to take an opposite view. "I am always sorry for any break In Paul's studies," she said, gravely, "but I think in this hot weather the change to the country would do him and liia brother worlds of good. If you did not care for me to run down by rail every day, I could lodge at a cottage iu the neighborhood, so that there need be no Interruption." Mrs. Lerwick — who had never lilted Miss War ren — looked upon this proposal as an artful at tempt of the dally governess to get herself in cluded in the Ascot party. "You forget that every cottage Is let for the race week, and that the Ascot trains are abso lutely impossible," she answered, pettishly. "Then I could give Paul a holiday task, and he could send me his Latin exercise and bis Euclid every day." - "It's absurd to talk like that when there Is no room at Windlesham for the boys and their nurses." "If you had said so In the first Instance, Mrs. Lerwick, I should not have talked absurdly." "My husband always Invites too many people,", grumbled Mrs. Lerwick, as It she were called upon to justify herself. "My own particular friends will be horridly squeezed. /The only com fort Is that In this delicious weather we shall almost live iu the grounds, and those are too lovely." Little as the two boys saw of father or mother In the London season, the week they were at Ascot seemed long and blank and dull, aud the ghosts had It all their own way in Palatine Square. The staircase — the landings — the win dows were full of ghosts in the lingering June twilight — In those still hours when London was dining, and there were no sounds of carriage wheels in the Square, and when the roar of the Palatine Hill was subdued to a distant murmur that might have been the summer sea. The si lent house — from which all tho servants except one kitchen wench and a boot-boy had fled to their evening amusements — echoed with phan tom footsteps. The very air was full of ghosts — or the feeling of ghosts, which was worse than the actual thing, Paul thought, since it Included such hideous possibilities. Miss Perry had given him a little book of ghost and goblin stories, translated from the German — a fat, close-printed duodecimo — and from that book of grisly horrors Paul had peopled the house In Palatine Square. He loved the book— indeed, books could not be too grisly for his liking— and after such strong meat he bored himself with Tom Brown, or Jackanapes, or the boy who was "Misunder stood." "I don't want to read about boys like myself," said Paul. "I'm misunderstood. I like some thing that makes my hair stand up on end — or would, if I was a funk." In the June twilight, when the deserted offices and servants' hall testified to the willingness of the ancillary mice to tuke tho uttermost advan tage of the absence — to spend the afternoon at Putney with a married daughter— of the house keeper eat, Paul was a funk; for then the fiends and midnight hearses, and shadowless men, and doppel-gangers, and skeletons hung with clank ing chains, and vampires gorged with human blood, came out of the little fat book of German stories, and waited for him iu every shadowy angle of the stairs. He could not see them, but he knew they wero there. The empty rooms and closed doors— that sense of spaciousness and soli tude — appalled him. He passed shuddering by his father's room on the halt flight, a fine room built out at the back, over tho offices, with a large window at the end, from which Mr. Ler wick could look into his stable yard, and evau talk to the grooms. A cheery room when father was at home, and people were talking there, and passing in and out; but ghostly now, when there was nothing hut silence and solitude behind the closed door.. Paul paused one evening, with his hand on the door-handle, wanting to go In and peep about but afraid lest he should see Ills father sitting there in the twilight — the spectral likeness of his father, who was away at Windlesham. And there was no electric light on that awful silent staircase— no friendly light to be turned on at the touch of a button. Mrs. Lerwick objected to the electric light, because It was cold and garish, and— unbecoming. There were only In accessible gas-lamps which that odious young man, the second footman, would not come and light until tho house was pitch dark. No! He was in the stables enjoying himself. A loud burst of vulgar laughter rang up from the mews to the open window on the back staircase now and then, but there was nothing human in the sound— it was like the laughter of those German fiends. Upstairs In the schoolroom Miss Perry sat by a window poring over a scrap of fancy work. Fritz had been In bed an hour, and Paul was en joying the privilege of hi3 superior years, and sitting up till nine. "Are there no candles?" he asked despairingly, looking round the low dark room. "Not an Inch of candle. I've rung the bell till I am tired," walled Miss Perry. "I don't believe there's a human being in the bottom of the house —unless It's burglars." Plttman, the middle-aged nurse, had proved her confidence in Miss Perry by going visiting three evenings our of four during the Ascot week,' but she had generously suggested that Miss Perry should treat herself to a little outiug on the fourth and last evening. She bad friends In London, no doubt, who would take her to a theatre. Yes, she had an aunt, a widow Iu comfortable clrcirmstances, who would give her some kind of treat, if she were free to accept It; and this being so, Plttman did not rest till Miss Perry had settled all about her evening out, which was to ho to-morrow, Friday. Mr. and Mrs. Lerwick were expected home on Saturday. The gates of the Windlesham Paradise would close with the end of the week. Beauty, fashion, rank, and wealth would fade away like the figures in a diorama. "111 make those beastly servants hear," said Paul, pressing his finger on the button, and keep ing it there while tbe electric bell trilled shrilly through the big empty house. He had been holding his finger on the button for five minutes before the kltchen-drab appeared, breathless and indignant. "Where are the candles?" roared Paul. "It's disgusting the way you beasts of servants? behave when your master and mistress are away." He felt there was manhood in this remon strance, but he kuew that he would not have dared to say as much to the butler, who would have withered him with Imperial scorn, or to the second footman, who would have chaffed him, which would have been even more humiliating. The kltchen-weneh was surly, apd told him that she didn't know why there was no candles, and it wasn't her work to look after the schoolroom candles. It was the third housemaid's work to clean the rooms. It was the second footman's place to wait upon the young gentlemen. "And am I to be left In the dark because the second footman chooses to go out, you low beflBt'?" demanded Paul, feeling that this was a fit occasion upon which to assert himself. "Go and get some candles Instantly." To which the resentful kitchen-slut muttered that she didn't know where the candles "was kep'," and that At wasn't her work "to look for no candles." . (To bs continued,) 