THE CHRISTIAN. by hall cainb, . XIV. Half-an-hour afterwards there came to the door of the Orphanage the single loud thud that Is the knock of the poor. An upper window was opened, and a tremulous voice from the street below cried, "Glory! Miss Gloria!" It was' Agatha Jones. Glory hastened down- stairs, and found the girl in great agitation. One glanco at her face In tho candic-llght seemed to tell all. "You've found him?" "Yes, he's hurl — he's " "Bo calm, child; tell mo everything," said Glory, and Aggie delivered her message. Since leaving Holloway, Father Storm had been followed aud found by means of the dog. The crowd had set on him. and knocked him down and Inlured him. He was now lying In Aggie's room. There had been nowhere else to take him to, for the men had disappeared the moment he was down, and the women were afraid to take him In. The police had come at last, and they were now gone for the doctor. Mrs. Plncher was with the Father, and the poor dog was dead. Glory held her band over her heart while Aggie told her utory. "I follow you," she said. "Did you tell liirn f was here? Did he send you to (etch me?" !.'He didn't apeak," said Aggie. "Is he uncousclous?" "Yes." "I'll go with you at once." Hurrying across the streets by Glory's side. Ag- Ele apologised for her room again. "I down't live thet wye now, you know," she said. "It may seem strange to you, but while my little boy was i alive 1 couldn't go into the streets to save my life — I couldn't do It. Aud when 'Is pore father died labst week " The stone stairs to the tenement house were thronged with women. They stood huddled to gether In groups, like sheep In a storm. There was not a man anywhere visible, except a drunken sailor who was coming down from an upper storey whistling and singing. The women silenced him. Had he no feelings? "Tho doctor's came, Sister," said a woman standing by Aggie's door. Then Glory entered the room. The poor disordered place was lit by a cheap lamp, which threw splashes of light and left tracks of shadow. John lay on the bed, mutter ing words that were inaudible. His coat and waistcoat had been removed, and Ills shirt was open at the neck. The high wall of his forehead was marble white, but bis cheeks were red and feverish. One of his arms lay over the side of the bed, aud Glory took It up and held H. Her great eyes were moist, but she did not cry, neither did she speak or move. The doctor was bathing a wound at tho back of the bead, and be looked up and nodded as Glory entered. At the other aide of the bed an elderly woman In a widow's cap was wiping her eyes with her apron. When tho doctor was going away, Glory fol lowed him to the door. "Is he seriously injured, doctor?" "Very." The doctor was a young man, quick, Jirusque, and emphatic. "Not dangc— — " "Yes. The brutes have done for him, nurse, (hough you needn't tell Ills friends so." "Then — there Is — no chance — whatever?" "Not a ghost of a chance. By the way, you tnight try to And out where his friends are, aud send a line to them. I'll be here iu the morning. Good-night!" Glory stuggered back to the room, with her hand pressed hard over her heart, and the young doctor, going downstairs two steps at a stride, met a police sergeant aud a reporter coming up. "Cruel business, sir!" "Yes, but just one of thqse things that can't easily be brought home to anybody." "Sad, though!" "Very sad!" The short night seemed as if It would never end. When daylight came, the cheerless place was cleared of its refuse — Its withered roses, Its cigarette ends, aud its heaps of left-off clothing. Towards eight o'clock Glory hurried back to the Orphanage, leaving Aggie and Mrs. Plncher in Charge. John had been muttering the whole Bight through, hut he had never once moved, and lie was still unconscious. "Good morning, Sister!" "Good morning, children!" Tho little faces, fresh and bright from sleep, Were waiting for their breakfast. When the meal was over, Glory wrote by express to Mrs. Callen- der and to the Father Superior of the Brother hood, then put on her bonuet and cloak, and turned towards Downing Street. The Prime Minister had held an early Cabinet Council that morning. It was observed by his colleagues that he looked depressed and preoccu pied. When tho business of the day was done be rose to his feet rather feebly, and said — "My Lords and Gentlemen, I have long had It in mind to say something — something of Importance — and I feel the Impulse to say it now. We have been doing our best with legislation affecting the Church to give due reality and true life to its relation with the State. But the longer I live the more I feel that that relation Is in itself a false onp, Injurious and even dangerous to both alike. Never in history, so far as I know, and certainly never within my own experience, has It been pos sible to maintain the union of Church and State without frequent adultery and corruption. The effort to do so has resulted in manifest impostures in sacred things. In ceremonies without spiritual significance, and in gross travesties of the solemn worship of God. Speaking of our own Church, I will not disguise my belief that, but for the good and true men who are always to he found within its pale, It could not survive the frequent disre gard of principles which He deep In the theory of Christianity. Its epicureanism, its regard for the interests of the purse, its tendency to rank the administrator above the apostle, arc weeds that spring up out of the soil of its marriage with tho Slate. And when I think of the anomalies and inequalities of Its Internal government, of Its countless poor clergy, and of Its lords and princes; above all, when I remember Its apostolic preten sions and the certainty that he who attempts to Sive within tho Church the real life of the (Apostles will incur the ri6lc of that martyrdom whloh It has always pronounced against innova- tors. I cannot but believe that the consciences of many Churchmen would he glad to be relieved of a burden of State temptation which tliey feel ' to be hurtful and intolerable — to render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's and unto God the things that are God's. Be that as it may, I have now to tell you that, feeling this question to be paramount, yet despairing of dealing with it in the few years that old age has left to me. I -have concluded to resign my ofllcc. It is for some younger statesman to fight this battle of the separation between the spiritual and the temporal iq the Interests of true religion and true civilisa tion. God graut he may' be a Christian man, and God speed and bless lilm." The Cablnc-t broke up with many unwonted expressions of affection for the old leader and many requests that he should "think again" over the step he contemplated. But every one knew that he had set his heart on an Impossible enter prise, and everyone felt that behind it lay the painful impulse cf an Incident reported at length In the newspapers that morning. Lett alone .In the Cabinet-rocm, the Prime Minister drew up his chair bcrore the empty grate and guve way to tender memories. lie thought of John Storm and the wreck Ills life . had fallen to; of John's mother and her brave renunciation of love; and finally of himself and his near retirement. A spasm of the old lust of power came over him, and he saw himself — to- \- morrow, next day, next week — delivering up his seals of office to the Queen, and then, the next day after that, getting up from tills chair for the last time, and going out of this room to re turn to it 110 more — his work done, his life ended. It was at that moment the footman came to say that a young lady in the dress of a nurse was waiting in the hall. "A messenger from John," ho thought. And as he rose to receive her, heavily, wearily, and with the burden of his years upon lilm, Glory came into the room, with her quivering face and two great tear- drops standing 1n her eyes, but glowing with youth, and health, and courage. "Sit down, sit down. But," looking at her ISgain, "have you been here before?" "Never, my lord." "I have seen you somewhere." "I was an actress once. And I am a friend of (John's." '.'Of John's? Then you are " "I am' Glory." "Glory! And so we meet at last, dear lady! But I have seen you before. When he spoke of you, but did not bring you to see me, I took a Stolen glance at the theatre myself " "I have left It, my lord." "'Left It?" : -And then she told lilm what she had done, tils old eyes glistened and bis head sank into his breast. "It wasn't that I came to talk about, my lord, t>ut another and more painful matter." "Can I relieve you of the burden of your mess age, my child? It lias reached me already. It Is iH all (lie morning newspapers." "I didn't think of that. Still, the doctor told gne to " "What does the doctor say about him?" "He says " "Yes?" "He says we are going to lose lilm." "I have sent for a great surgeon . . . But Ho doubt It Is past help. Poor boy! Tt seems only yesterday that be camo up to London so full of liopo and expectation. I can see hint now, with bis great eyes, sitting Jn that cbalr you occupy, talking of his plans nnd purposes. Poor John! To think be should come to this! But these 'tumultuous souls whose bearts are battle fields, when the battle Is over, what can be left but a waste?" Glory's eyes liad dried of themselves, and she (was looking at the old man with an expression of pain, but he went on without observing her. "It Is one of the dark riddles of the Inscrut able power which rules over lifo, thatjthe good man can go under like that, while the evil one lives nnd prospers." He rose and walked to and fro before the fire place. "Ah, well! The years bring me an ever- de- «dng sadness, an, ever- Increasing' sense of our Impotence to diminish the Infinite sorrow of the world." Then he looked down at Glory, and said, "But I can hardly forgive him that be has thrown away so much for so little. And when I think of you, ray child, and of all that might have been, and theu of the bad end he has come to " "But I don't call It coming to a bad end, sir," said Glory, In a quivering voice. "No? To be torn, and buffeted, and trampled down in the streets?" "What of It? He might have died of old age In his bed, and yet come to a worse end than that." "True; but still " "If that Is coming to a. had end, I shall have lo believe that, my father, who was a missionary, came to a had end too when lie was killed by the fevers. of Africa. Every martyr conies to a bad end. If that Is a bad ending. And so does every- . body who is brave and true, and docs good to humanity, and Is willing to die for it. But it isn't bad. It's glorious! 1 would rather be the daughter of a man who died like that than be the daughter of an earl; and If I could have been the wife of one who was torn and trampled down in the streets by tho very people " But her face, which had been aflame, broke In to tears again, and her voice failed her. The old man could not speak, and there was silence for a moment. Then she recovered herself, and said, quietly — "I came to ask you If you could fio something for me." "What is It?" "You may have heard that John wished me to marry liim?" "Would to God you had done so!" "That was when everybody was praising him." "Well?" "Everybody is abusing him now, and Tailing at him anJ Ii-sulting him." "Well?" "I want to marry him at last. If there Is a way — If you think it is possible and can be man aged." "But you say he Is a dying man?" "That's why! When he comes to himself he will be thinking, as von think, that his life has been a failure, and I want somebody to he there and say, 'It Isn't, It Is only beginning; It Is the grain of mustard seed that must die, hut It will live in the heart of humanity for ages' and ages to come, and I would rather take up your name, injured and Insulted as it is, than win all the glory the world has in It." The tears were coursing down the old man's face, and for some minutes he did not attempt to speak. Then he said — "What you propose Is quite possible. It will be a canonical marriage, but it will take some little time to arrange. I must send across to Lambeth Palace. Towards evening I can go down to where he lies and take the license with mo. Meantime, speak to a clergyman, and have everything In readiness." He walked with Glory down tho long corridor to the door, and there he kissed her on the fore head and said — "I've long known that a woman can be brave, but meeting you this morning has taught mc something else, my child. Time and again I thought John's love of you was near to madness. He was reudy to give up everything for it — everything! And he was right! Love like yours Is tho pearl of pearls, and he who wins it Is prince of princes!" Later the Bamo day, when the Prime Minister was sitting alone hi his room, a member of his Cabinet brought him an evening paper contain ing an article which was making a deep Im pression In LoDdon. It was understood to be written by a journalist of Jewish extraction; — " 'HIS BLOOD BE ON US AND ON OUR CHILDREN.' "This prediction has been for eighteen hundred years the expression of ail historical truth. That the whole Jewish nation, and not Pilate or the rabble of Jerusalem, killed Jesus is a fact which every Jew has been made to feel down to tho present day. But let the Christian nation that is without sin towards the Founder of Christianity first cast a stone at the Jews. If It is true, as Jesus Himself said, that he who offers a cup of cold water to the least of His little ones offers it to Him, then it is also true that he who In dicts torture and death on His followers crucifies Him afresh. The unhappy man who has been miserably murdered in the slums of Westminster was a follower of Jesus if ever there lived one, and whosoever the actual persons may he who are guilty of his death, the true culprit is the Christian nation which lias inflicted mockeries and insults on everybody who has dared to stand alone under the ensign of Christ. "Let us not he led away by sneers. This man, whatever Ills errors, his weaknesses, his self- delusions, and his many human fallings, was a Christian. He was the prophet of woman in re lation to humanity as hardly anyone since Jesus has ever been. And he is hounded out of life. Thus, after nineteen centuries. Christianity pre sents the same characteristics of frightful ty ranny which disfigured the old Jewish law. 'We have a law, and by our law he ought to die.' Such Is the sentence still pronounced on reform ers in a country where civil and religious laws are confounded. God grant the other half of that doom may not also come true — 'His blood be on us and on our children.' " (To ho continued.) 