k Uliost Siory. tSnme stnuge plx-iionioim have liitnly been stiiriliiic tlie liuf^e district of thn Jreut Vw Level of Huntingdonshire and Cambridge shire. It itppenrs Unit in Tick Fen a Itniii sc.y magistrate lias n farm, at the extremity of which, far away from oilier buildings, live n. liorse-Urrper named Rowthan, his wifo und a bed ridden daughter. The cottnge is a typiciil fun shniity of wood nnd thatc'i, nnd mljoiiiint; it is a bimilur tenement, occupied hy the fnnn foi'f mun, Levitt, ;md his wife. Miss Uowthnii, who is 15 yenrs of ;igc, mid lias Ijfen confiucd to her bed for nearly 12 iiioiilliK, slept in a room nenr the thatch, her Iwktpud resting iigainut the guble end of the i oof. The oilier Monday, at midnight, ?jfi'itli! mppings nguinst, her hed wei'e heard, and as the »iills«re wooden thn noise was moie iippment. At first the sounds enme in sequences of three or four, increasing to six nr seven at a limp, and growing louder us they piocoodpd. Then tlioy ceased for n. space, mid recommenced more viciously, until they were lend l-y the. next-door neighbor* — nccoriling to one report, at a lariuliou,KP r-00 yards oil'. The mother :ind father, id rest, in the shiiig i-ouiii, were silso tilunuei), hut for n time did nothing, thinking the iiiHniffi'italioii would CMse Tliesp, instead, ine.re.-.sed until the 'ghosts,' as if Hiige.reri .-it, bMns; pooh-poohed, became so noisy ns to iilmist threaten a terrific crash. No'liing wiis to be seen, tlioujjli it was clear and star light, and the disturbances continued to ring out ucross the fens. The rnppings recurred at intervals until the advent of dawn seemed to drive the malicious 'spirits' before it. On tlw following »igbt, though at n diflm e.nt time, a repetition of the phenomena oc curred. Meanwhile the inmates, who had suflerp.d the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon decisive siction. On the third night the father, taking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but the rappings were renewed wore vigorously uiau e*er. Search parlies were organised, but everyone cemiined baffled. Tho countryside began to talk of the mystery, and wiitch parties as sembled in the cottages until morning. . No timid ghost was this, for the pulsations con tinued while eyes were fixed on the very spot upon which the invisible blows were given. The landlord's estate bailiir, together with a companion, look puins to keep vigil in the ' haunted house' freni midnight till three. The noises were repeated with the greatest freedom, He drove back to Hani cO«t nf titnna in Hip mnminrr. admittiusr that he' was baffled nven in tlie cleverest of the theories he had in his own mind conjured up to pecount for tbe mystery. Hundreds of people have visited the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers and others from the sur rounding district have made critical exami nation of the house. The girl has been re moved into the adjoining house, where the rappings are not audible or so fiequeut. 