A WONDERFUL « A«,| or, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXX. (Continued.) .With her letter in her liana, Cecil went r.p to her room — that pretty assure and ormolu chamber, to which she must soon hid adieu. Then she opened, and read Sir Arthur's letter. It was very little like a. lover's letter, though he wrote of their long-standing' engage ment, and you could see he eonscien-, tiousl'y did his best. He told her of 'Tregenna — of the alterations and decora tions he had planned. He spoke of the day — very near, he hoped — when he would see her there' its mistress. He did his best, but the spirit of love that 1 would have warmed and rendered him eloquent was wanting. "Another mistress will reign in Tre genna," she said, as she laid it down; "another, who, with all her faults, will be a far worthier mistress than J. She does not love him now, perhaps; but she will — I feel it. Lord Ruysland will one day have his wish — his daughter will\ be Lady Tregenna." She began her answer without delay; it was easy enough to write, knowing what she knew of him. "If he- loved me the task would be a difficult one. As it is — though he may never own it, even to himself — his re lease will be a relief." l't was necessarily a very long letter, . since it comprised the whole story of the treble discovery— the discovery that Katherine Danger-field was Lord Ruys land's daughter — 'the discovery that Katherine Dangerfield and Miss Hern- castle were one and the same. She dwelt at length on the noble self-abnega tion she had shown in the end — of all she had been made to suffer, of her piity, her forgiveness, her generosity, of . her last flight and renunciation. Lastly, she spoke of herself, telling him her own story, and releasing him from the ar ranged alliance. In any case, even had we loved one an other, I would still have said this. In that case, it might have meant nothing — been but a form — words I was bound in honor to say, knowing how far be neath you in birth I was. But it is no form now. When I say, Sir' Arthur, this letter is iny farewell, I mean it. You must not try to shake my resolutions. You do not care for me — in that way, I knew it from the first. I might have gone on to the end, and done you a,nd myself the still greater wrong of marry ing j'ou. The woman you honor with your hand should love you as you de serve to be loved— as you will yet be loved, I foresee. Again, I entreat you, do not, from any mistaken idea of honor, endeavor to shake my resolution. It is not to- be shaken. Farewell. Your . wife I can never be— your friend I shall be always. CECIL. Three days after, and the remains of -Harriet Harman were laid in Castleford churchyard. A new and nameless grave, beside which no one lingered, except Iter whom all the town looked upon as the Earl of Ruysland's daughter. Why she should kneel by the grave of the dead woman — why she should linger there in the grey of the summer evening when every one else was gone — Castle ford could not understand. And why from the grey slab at the head of Kathe rine Danger- field's grave the brief in scription should be obliterated, and tihe stone left nameless, Castleford could not understand either. By order of Mr Henry Otis, who six years ago had put it up, this was done. Mr Otis had returned to London with Nurse Hannah, to find Katherine there before him. What transpired at that first interview no one ever knew. The dream of his life was at an end. The day might come that would make her a wife, but never his. Perhaps Cecil dive was not the only one to whom some inkling of the truth had come — that a feeling of love for Redmond O'Don- tiell had, in the eleventh hour, been her redemption. "I will make my home here if you will let me," she had said. "Your mother lias been the kindest of mothers to me, you the most faithful of friends, the best of brothers. I should like to have a home— the thought of a lodging-house and strangers is terrible to me. I am tired, Henry — tired in body and soul, ,wi!th my long and sinful struggle. Thank Hea-ven that it is over— over for ever— that it is still not too. late for repent ance and a new life. Let me stay here if you can— if you can look upon me as a sister, not else." A year ago he could not have given her the assurance. He could give it to her in all truth to-day. Even such love as his must starve and die without hope to feed on. He had hoped against hope — all that was over now. "Whilst my mother and I have a home, Katherine," he answered. "I don't think I need tell you 'that home is yours. But surely you forget there is another who has a claim upon you now.' You are TiO longer a free agent. You are the daughter of the Earl of Ruysland." "I am Katherine Dangerfield. The dear old name that was mine in the days when I was happy and innocent shall be mine again until I die. For Lord Ruysland, I shall never be more to him than now. He would be the last to desire it, and his pride shall never suffer a pang through me. Lady Cecil Clive honors the name she bears — I should disgrace it. I go my own way, forgetting all that is past, if I can. Nothing can alter me. Whatever is changed in me"— with a smile— "the old obstinacy, I fear, will remain unchanged to the last." And the day after, when Lord Ruys land— having found out her address through a private inquiry agent, whose professional instinct had put him on the right, track— came with Lady Cecil, .Henry Otis found she meant to keep her word. Katherine was the least embarrassed of the three. As Lady Cecil strove to speak and broke down, she took her in her arms and kissed her. . "You "will let me, I know." she sairl, '.'unworthy as I have been. Forgive me if you can. and let me be your sister. I ask no more," "Forgive, you!" Cecil echoed. "I for give you! I, who for twenty years have usurped your name, your rank, your birthright! Forgive you, who by my . "mother have been wronged beyond all reparation! When I think of all, of all you have suffered, of " "Don't think of it." Katherine inter- posed, gently: "I never shall again, if I can help it. Of you my thoughts are all sweet and tender. You were kind to me when " "Others who had a better right were not," the earl said. "Katherine, what, shall I say to you? What can I say?" " Say nothing," -she interrupted, hastily; "neither were you to blame in the least. The fault, the blame, is all with the dead. Let the dead rest. The day may come when I can forgive even her. It has not come yet. Yon thought me what I .was — an adventuress, and you treated me accordingly. You did your duty. Have no fear for me. The secret shall be a secret through all time. The world shall never know. Lady Cecil is still your daughter. For me my life shall be peaceful and harmless — at least, here with rr.y friends. I think I know what you have come to say — ii will be 379 useless to say it. Nothing can shake my f resolution. I remain here. Lady Cecil j returns wiih you. When you come to j visit me, I will gladly welcome you ; j when you are away. I will hear from you. I hope, and rejoice in your welfare. Make the story known, take her place, claim you as my father — I never will. .And the laws of the Medes and Per sians," wiih her old, rare, blight smile, "were as reeds to be broken compared to my will." They remonstrated, they argued, they entreated, in Vain. Nothing could move hen All should remain as though Katherine Dangerfield indeed had never risen from among the dead. She would remain with Mrs Otis; they return to their own world. "And what will you do?" his lordship asked, in a broken voice. Something in her grand renunciation touched him, as nothing perhaps in his whole life had ever touched him before. It won for her what else she might never have won — his honor, his love. "I will teach music— not a very hard life, after all — and .1 will life with my mother and brother — here. Ah, never were mother and brother- in this world more loving, more fatihful than they! And, as I said, you will come to see me sometimes, and you will try to believe this— that I shall not. be unhappy. The knowledge mai .L am Uuiuk ris- Ot — thai I am aio it n& ot the past — will oe naopmess in itseii. The t t La D v i ih earnest urging of tne earl, were aiisve in vain. Kathe: i i as a smile on her iace as sue watched tne-m drive away — a smile mat made nor the Kath erine of oin. Her dartv.. earnest eyes, lingered ia.sc on tne sweet flower face" of La Retne .man one. "She will be' happy as Sir Artnur Tre- genna' s wife," she thought. "It will be an easy task to learn to love him." Lord Ruysland and Cecil went back to their stately room at Fenton's, St. James's street, to find Sir Arthur Tre genna, in a fever of impatience, await ing them. On the receipt of Lady Cecil's letter, with an extraordinary in telligence, he had hurried up from Corn wall. followed them to London, and stood before them now, still wondering, incredulous, almost indignant. The earl left them alone — he 3cnew what was to come. "It is all perfectly true." Lady Cecil told him. calmly. Miss Herncastle, or Katherine Dangerfield, as she chose henceforth to call herself, was Lord Ruysland's daughter. She herself But what need to repeat that story? A.nd he was free — nothing could alter that. He pleaded as though he had really loved her. The story made no differ ence to him — she was worthy a ducal coronet. Let all the world know it, it Avould be the great happiness of his life to make hers. '"Ah! hush!" she answered, wearily. "You know it can never, be. You are all goodness, but you cannot deceive yourself nor me. You do not love mc — you never have. No — do not speak— it is no fault of yours; only, why try to make yourself believe you do ? A.nd I do not love you. My pride, my ambi tion, would not let me tell you before.- To gratify them I would have married you. You deserve better than that, Sir Arthur. If I were heart free I might, in spite of all, yield to the temp tation, and accept your generous offer. But it is not. It is due to you to tell you I love one from whom I have parted for ever — one whom I never expect to see again. I have loved him with my whole heart for six years." He was not surprised. He would not acknowledge it to himself, but a great, a sudden sense of relief filled his heart at his freedom. "I think I must, have climly suspected all along," he said. "It is " A pause. She finished the sentence quietly. . "It is Captain Redmond O'Dormell." CHAPTER XXXI.— HOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. That never-to-be-forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Sears wood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing ail the land in living- green. The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the King's Oak; her sketch book in her lap, the flicker ing lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy play- eel at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Danger- field, in the drawing room, played waltzes on the piano-; and Lady Cecil let books and pencils fall listlessly, and sat "lost in memory's mazes." Eight months had passe.d and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Tregenna had stood by her side at yon der sunny boudoir window. Eight months since, in the hotel parlor, he had pleaded with her to marry him — pleaded while all his heart was another's — plead ed. and in vain. They had met but once since then, and then liovv differently! He had gone abroad, and resumed his wandering life. Before going, however, lie had called upon Katherine — a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meet ing for both. Why he had gone he could hardly hai-e told; some "spirit in his feet" — some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave Eng land for years without seeing her. There was very little to say on either side— a mutual restraint held them — the inter view had been silent and short. He looked into flie pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large eyes, and knew move strongly than he had ever known, it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was the only . one he eirer had or ever v/ould love. And knowing it he had left her. Was it not wisest? Earl Ruysland's daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all reparation she might be, but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud — proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent. No . whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escut cheon? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter's fears — to play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her. and went wan dering over the world, striving to for get. But forgetfulness would not come. "How is it under our control to love or not. to love?" He could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him. from his heart. The pa,le, wistful face, the dark, sad eyes, followed him, haunted him wherever he went. And just three months after his departure there came to Miss Dangerfield a letter, post-marked Con stantinople. pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all his love— a full confession. He could not be happy without her— would ' she be his wife ? Her answer was a refusal. "I would indeed be unworthy . the great compliment you pay me," she wrote, "if I accepted your generous of fer. My life .has gone, -wrong from first to last: all the years that are to come j will be too few for atonement. Sir ! 'Arthur Tregenna's wife must be above j reproach. No one in the future shall j lift the finger of scorn, and say the last j of a noble line disgraced it by marrying 3 roe. It is utterly impossible. Sir Arthur, I that I can be your Avife. But the know- | ledge that I once w on a heart so true, so I noble, will brighten all my life." j He had written to her again, and she had answered, gently, but with unflinch ing resolution. Again he wrote, again she replied, and the correspondence went on between them.. During that winter- long letters from every city- in Europe came to the residence of Henry Otis. And so — they hardly knew how — they grew to understand one another as they might never have done else. Slip learned, as the months went by, to look for the coming of those pleasant white-winged messengers as gleams of sunshine in her sober, drab-coiored life. As for him — how eagerly Sir Arthur Tregenna received and welcomed the re- ' plies, only Sir Arthur Tregenna. knew-. Lord Ruysland had gone abroad. There was always a little amusement and gambling at Baden-Baden and Hom- burg. To Baden and Homburg the noble earl went. For Cecil, her home was still at Scarswood — occasionally doing duty as governess, vice Miss Herncastle, re signed. In London Katherine's was a busy life. She had as many music pupils as she could attend, and she worked indefatig- ablv. Her home in the Otis residence was a peaceful, a pleasant one. No mother could have loved her more ten derly than Mrs Otis; no 'mother half so well as Henry Otis. She had her foreign letters, too, growing strangely precious, and as winter -warmed into spring there was -o, sudden and most unlooked-for visit from their writer. "In the spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love." Well, not quite that, perhaps — Sir . Arthur's thoughts turned lightly up;n "ow things, least of all that. A great longing to see her, to hear her, had come upon him far off in Africa. All one white Eastern night he lay awake, watching the yel low stars through the opening ot' his tent, and thinking- of her. Next morn ing he started for England. All the rest— his jnurneyings by sea and land — was but a feverish dream, un til the reality-' came, and he was stand ing in the little dravvnigmom at Mr Otis's holding her hand, and looking in to the sweet, gravely thoughtful eyc-s. Was she growing beautiful, he wonder ed; was it- only the blindness and glamor of love, op — and this was mast likely — was it the serene sweetness of an altered life shining through the deep crey eyes? Again' he pleaded — again she rofusc-d. "It cannot be.— it cannot! Oh. believe it, and forget me! It is impossible that lj after all that is past, can over marry!" "Always the past!" he 'cried bitterly. " Does all your suffering, all your wrong-s, all your atonement go for noth ing? If I can forget the past, Katherine, surely you may?" "You forget it now. In the years to come you may be forced to remember it; and. as your wife, I don't think .1 could bear that." "Am I a scoundrel in your eyes!" he cried out, a passion in his voice very new there, "that, having won you for my wife, I should ever give you cause to re pent it?" "I did not mean that. I think nothing of you but what is generous and noble. If you repented, I know well -I should never see it, if jmu could help it; but I think I should see it for all that. She who was once Helen Herncastle can never be Lady Tregenna." He turned away from her— such ' keen disappointment, such bitter pain, writ ten in his face, that her heart relented. She liked h-im so much— so much that she began to wonder if the liking were not loving It was hardly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love as his should not beget love. , "Oh, forgive me," she penitently cried, "if I have wounded you! Indeed, I did not mean it! I do like you, but it is for your good, your happiness. I speak — can not you see that?" "I can see nothing but that without you my life will go wrong — will be utter ly miserable. Katherine, I love you! What more can I say? Love me in re turn, and be my wife!" He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute — longing, yet dread ing to go, for his sake. "Come to me," he pleaded, "my bride — my wife! Forget the past has ever been — it shall never come between us! Come, and make the happiness of my life!" And then, as he enfolded her. and her head fell on his shoulder, . Katherine knew- that peace had found her out at last. (To be continued.) 