AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. " HAMLET." The Dampier Dramatic Company -sprang oi a surprise upon the playgoicg by deserting, on the last night of their the fertile fields of modem melodrama tbe histrionic heights and dark ravines of tragedy, selecting the play of "Hamlet" lor their performance. There was good all-round house, the gallery and being very well patronised, and the in the circle by no means though not large. Physically Mr. made a manly enough Prince of Denmark, • being • well- knit, and carrying himself easily, the sombre trappings of woe, in tho graceful picturesque fashion of the fitting him finely; but, although his barring a mannerism, was correct at times, effective, be being an accomplished experienced actor, his speech partook of a lacbrvmose tone, due, in a measure, to the fact that he has been suffering from a severe cold for several days, and was not in good form. Mr. Dampier s Hamlet, careful study though evidently was, lacked the potter and depth the character; his musings and soliloquies almost degenerated into mere complainings, and bis receptions of his friends licked the warmth and stately' courtesy consistent • with noble nature of the man; in short he was the " melancholy Prince," not so rnuoh the "-glass fashion" as "the mould of form," and the of spirit pervaded nearly all hia We feel quite sure that Mr. Dampier appear to much better advantage than he did last, night, and . we know that be was under physical difficulties, owing - to illness, ana make allowances. Miss Rose Dampier was heavily handicapped with the role of Ophelia, and was only seen to real advantage in*the mad scene, which she enacted with feeling. Miss Julia Merton made a physically , exuberant Queen Gertrude, and that long-dated Shaksperian actor, Mr, F. C. Appleton, had the part of Cl&ud;&is; the King, while Mr. E. Holloway came on as a substantial ghost. A description of the'various Ghosts in "Hamlet" in their habit as they stalked "would fill a volume. Some have come up through the floor like Mephistopheles, some through the masonry of the castle walls, transparent, and some tramped hard by. the footpaths. Mr. Lachlan McGowan was. a by no means bad Polonius. and deserves our gratitude for not making the aged Lord Chamberlain a doddering old fool, as so many do. The time when Hamlet fails in good breeding is when he twits Polonius with his age and infirmities, sooth to say, he will not ^let the players do it. " See that you mock him not." Polonius is not a dotard, though garrulous, tedious, and occasionally wanting in .tact. Mr. Alfred Rolfe as Laertes, Mr. W. H. Smith as Horatio, Mr. Esmelton as Rosen-' cranz, and Mr. E. Duggan as Guildensterii acquitted themselves right gracefully and manfully. The First Gravedigger, with hij dry, grisly humour, found an excellent exponent.in Mr. Buller, and the balance of the company filled up the bill sufficiently^ The piece was satisfactorily staged, and th^ audience testified satisfaction by frequent applause. • i Mr. Dampier finished his season with credi^ his company, and comfort in his coffers. j 