ACTORS OP THE PAST. ? ?» ? Before we come to the year of th Queen's accession, and the heyday of Macready's career, lot us glance for a moment at Edmund Kean through the eyes of Hazlitt and Leigh Hunt. With the possible exception of Mrs. Siddons, Hazlitt regarded Kean as the eroatest actor he had ever witnessed. ' Nor,' he says, ' excopt in voice and person, and the conscious ease and dignity naturally resulting from those ad vantages do wo know that even Mrs. Siddons was greater. In truth of nature and force of passion in dis crimination and originality, we see no inferiority to any one on tho part of Mr. Kean ; but there is an insignificanco of figure and a hoarse ness of voice, that necessarily vul garise or diminish our idea of tho characters he plays ; and perhaps to this may be added a want of a certain elevation and magnitude of thought of which Mrs. Siddons's noblo form seemed to bo the only natural mould and receptacle' Kemble, according to Leigh Hunt, had faded beforo Kean like a tragedy ghost. 'Kemblo's Othello,' he declared, ' was not the man, but his mask; a trophy, a consul's robe, a statue ; or, if you please, a rhe torician. It was Addison's Oato or an actor's Schoolmaster, which you will, but neither Shakespeare nor genuine acting.' Kemblo had never moved him except as Lear. Kean he never saw ' without being moqed, and moved, too, in 50 ways — by his sarcasm, his sweetness, his pathos, his exceeding grace, his gallant levity, hia mea sureless dignity : for his little per lon absolutely becomes tall, and .'iBesto the height of moral grandeur ti such characters as that of Dthello. Such was tho actor with ivhom Macready had to challenge ;oniparison when ho came to London in 1816. The critics paid him tho compliment of at least comparing him with his great rival, though seldom to his advantage — in the 3xprossien of domestic tenderness :ilono would Leigh Hunt allow that ho was the suparior. Talfourd was perhaps more f'avorablo to him than the rest, describing him as being the ' most romantic,' as Komble was tho ' most classical,' and Kean tho ' most intensely human ' of actors. Somo denied his right even to the title of tragedian, contending that he was successful only in melo drama, but; this George Henry Lawos, a reliable as well as a bril liant critic, declares to be absurd. It was in tho first year of the present reign that Macready, then a man of 44, undertook the manag ership of Covent Garden Theatre, Ono of his first acts was to petition tho youug Queen for her special patronage, and for tho liberty to assume for his players tho title of ' Hor Majesty's Company of Per formers.' This is recorded on August 19. On August 23 he received a gracious reply, thus sum marised by Macready himself:— ' Tho Queen had expressed herself much interested in Oovent Garden, stated that sho had great respect for Mr. Macready and admiration for his talent, that the precise object of his request required con sideration.but if it should be deemed impracticable to concede, that she trusted other means might be found of rendering assistance to his un dertaking.' In November tho Queen visited tho theatre, and asked to egg Macready after the performance was over. The evont is thus recorded : — ' I dressed my self in full dross, and went to wait on her as she retired. At length tho Queen— a very pretty girl — came. Lord Conyngham told her who I was. Sho smiled and bowed, and said, ' I am yory much obliged to you,' pointed mo out to the Duchess of Kent, and bowed re peatedly to mo.' Thirteen years later Macready performed boforo the Quoen under circumstances less pleasing to himself, Tho occasion was that of a production of Julius Caesar at Windsor Caftle under taken by Charles Keau, whom ho regarded with but little favor, Kean was rewarded for his services by the present of a diamond ring, which he lost ; whereupon a wit gave out the report that it ' had been found sticking in Macready's gizzard.' Macready has painted his own portrait for us, warts and all, in tho facinating volumes from which I have mado these brief quotations — his ' Reminiscences, Diaries and Letters,' edited by tho lato Sir Frederick Pollock, one of his most intimate friends. It ia a striking and on the whole a pleasing, por trait ; and the warts aro ' painted in ' so conscientiously aud uncom promisingly that one does not hosi tato to accept it as a faithful like ness, In the company of his favorite associates, Dickens, Forster, Talfourd, Bulwer Lytton. Lalor Sheil, as well as in his family circle, Macready, was kindly, affectionate, a delightful companion. In his dealings with his fellow actors, un fortunately, ho waa less admirable, with them he was unsyinathotic, irritable, churlish. As appreciative as another of the delights of his profession, ho could not endure its discomforts and drawbacks, He had taken to it unwillingly, and he chafed throughout his career at tho social disabilities which it involved. ' Whenever his foot touched tho boards,' as Mr, Archer puts it m his admirable biography o£ the actor, ' his self-respect, liko Bob Acres's courage, began to ooze out at the finger tips, and tho groat check upon hia lower uaturo wa3 re moved,' Needless to say, he was not popular in hia profession. Once, when ho was absent from rehearsal on account of illness, tho explanation waa crivon that ho had hearts disease. ' What !' cried an ?ictress (still living-') who was stand ing by, ' Macready suffering1 from heart disease ! You might as well try to make me believo that Walter Lacy could suffer from brain fever.' 'Macroady, liko many another actor-manager, was given to taking the centre of tho stage. ' When he played Othello,' says George Vanaenhoff, wittily, ' lago was to be nowhoro. . ,* , lago was a mere stoker, whoso business it was to supply Othello's passion with fuel and keep up his high pressuro. Tho next night, perhaps, ho took lago, and lo ! presto ! everything was changed. Othello waa to be come a mere puppet fov lago to play with.' I am afraid that, carried away by my own interest in his character, I have allowed him here to indulge this peopensity onco more, to tho undue exclusion of those other notable figures of his time whoso names I havo men tioned.' 