THE DUBBO LIBERAL AND MACQUAîîfE ADVOCATE. WetnMday, jLag-ntt IS, ISO*. WHICK Mr. W. J. Lyne, the leader of tfae Opposition, was in Dubbo not longer «go than the 31st of July, he made much of the feet that the deteBted Freetrade Press of Sydney had, by means pf artfully concocted para graphs, sought to draw from him a déclaration of Iiis policy, with the deep ulterior design of appropriating it presumably with modifications-on the ere of the next general election. But Mr. Lyne was too old a bird to be caught with that particular kind of chaff. He had " been there before." On one memorable occasion, when be was bathing io fancied security, the late 8ir Henry Parkes had stolen hi * clothes, and the next time he saw them that veteran politician was jauntily wearing theta ia Macquarie-street. He could also recall various other in stances of political p irty larceny, and this time be was not going to give the other side a ghost of a show. Speech might be silvern, but in this particular matter silence was as refined gold. Nevertheless, the carefully- guarded against has happened. The badger that no amount of harrying could draw at Dubbo, his come out of his hole in Sydney. The particular bait that fetched hiut was the Bill to Vali date Portions of thc Land and Income Tax Acts. As that Bill contained no new principles, was, in fact, in no sense of the term na atnendiag bill, it could not have been said to be put forward with the object of alluring the leader of the Opposition from his secret lair. Yet, on last Thursday evening, when the measure was before the Legislative Assembly on the usual preliminary motion of expediency, Mr. Lyne did come forth. He declared that " This tax, and the method in which it was collected, would yet be repealed, and thut before very long," And then werft on to dwell on "<A¿ method nj eollectioH." It is here that we bare thc whole crux: of Mr. Lyne'e opposition to the Government policy of direct taxation. Wore he in o IS ce to-morrow he would still have a land tax, but it would be levied and con trolled by local govcrniug bodies, who would expend it upon roads and bridges without any Government inter ference. It is Against the machinery of the land tax, not the principle, that; Mr. Lyne and lu's friends fulminate. ] Surely nothing could be clearer than this as conveyed in Mr. Copeland's amendment,-" To provide that the ' revenue derived from such land tax, ¡ less the cost of collection, shall be J handed over to the several municipal oonnciiB where such exist, for the pur pose of being expended on the streets, -roads, and other public works in tho district in which such revenue is raised." The Opposition policy in so far aa the land tax is concerned, and BB expounded by Mr. Lyne and his immediate followers, is to levy it just tbe same-with, perhaps, some modi fication as regards amount-but to remove the disposal of the proceeds from the central government to purely parochial bodies. The directness of the impost would be the same, only a little more so. When dealing with this aspect of the land tax in his Dubbo address Mr. Lyne said, " Though direct taxation might fall tn the first instance upon the man of means and the employer of labour, it ultimately got down into the pockets of the employees." How does Mr. Lyne propose to remedy this state of affairs ? By merely transferring the power of collection from A to B ? ¿Jurel r the direct taxation will ulti mately " get down into the pockets of tbe employees " quite as inevitably, and probably even by a shorter route! The country now knows what to expect from Mr. Lyne and his party should they come into power again; and it strikes us very forcibly that the con clusion arrived at by even the most enthusiastic Protectionist will be as summed up in the axiom, " Better the devil you know than the devil you don't know." Mr. fieid g'ves us di rect taxation minns heavy Customs duties ; Mr. Lyne would give us direct taxation plus the Customs duties. This should be fully understood at the next general election. In this electorate, on the last occasion the people were called on to make their choice, many staunch Freetraders voted for tbe Protectionist candidate under the misapprehension that by so doing they might defeat the introduction of direct taxation in the, to them, objectionable forms of land and income imposts. Now that Mr. Lyne has declared him self, they will be able to estimate what remote chances there are of a Pro tectionist ministry repealing these statutes. True, they might repeal them; but it would only be to re introduce them in another guise. Freetraders must not forget this when next they are called on to exercise the privilege of the franchise. CONCERT.-To-night (Wednesday) a concert will be given in the Pro testant Hall in aid of the Dubbo Branch of the League of Wheelmen. A very erood programme has been arranged, and anyone wishing to give tite bicycle club a, helping hand and at the same time have an evening's enjoyment cannot do better than attend. HELD OVER.-Corr «pondence, stock pasiings, and vaiious items of local news are crowded out ot this issue. "NEWBT'S" LDÍCTÜS (REGISTERED) for coughs, colds, asthma, bronchitis croup, etc., will give inmediate relief if taken in a little hot water. Sold in 1« and 2s bottles. E. Nightingale, Sole Agent for Dubbo, Apothecaries' Hall, Macquarie-street, Dubbo. 