THE MURDERED PROSPECTORS, Mining in New Guinea and Mining Meeting will be found on our first page this morning. F OURTH PAGE.—The following additional reading matter will bo found' on our fourth page this morning Mining Kowi and Notes, Eaglebawk, City Counoil and Peculiar Qar oiebeo Ca««. ' .v .V OUR SUPPLEMENT to-day contains a con tinuation of the serial tale, Pate;” “At iho DoohivcJ” by “Mosquito” ; Sporting Notes by “ Cod^oo"; by; “ Tangent’” • “Amdngrt tbo 1 /Pleasure Sookers," by “ Vet" s Cheas bit”; Cbildren’aColamn and “ ! a" "varietyof ; useful and entertaining reading matter. To-day's Events.— Meeting delegates from Councils re celebrating tbo Qaeda's Diamond. Jubilee, Town - Hail, , 3 p.m., ; meeting Journeymen Bsk-ra, Fire- Brigade Hotel, 7.30 p.m.; meeting EnginodrirorV, Trades r .Hall, 8 p.m. Forfeited Shares in the Lazarus, Clarence, Great Extended. Hustler's; Unioorn, New NOrtb Prince of Wales, Shamrock 'and, South Frederick tbo Great Companies will bo sold by public auction to-day. . Religious Services* will bo oolobratod to 'various ohurobos to-morrow as advertised. The Clbroy and Federation. —A petition from tUo-membera-of the-PreßbyteriabiCbucoh of 'Victoria to tbo Federal Conveqtiodi'at AdoNido has (tbo Age says) been forwarded, tor presentation, entrusted to the osro of, .Sir George Turner, the Premier, The' petition urges that in tbo preamble- of the Constitu tion of tbo Australian'. Commonwealth there: shall be expressed a recognition of .Almighty God as the Supreme' Ruler/of-'Nation*; and : the; ultimate source of' righteous law and liberty amobgit people,' ; It aKo aska that in. oases of ’national "peril or' /'dellvoranob- ftbo proolaira a day' of batioimV;^•uppi).o*ti6o 4 'mr. thanksgiving, The pHitidn bpi bodn lsignod by Cbogn-gaiionfl.of tbo qhurcb.all oydVtbe. oo>bi)y. it,6onjains ; iomd 10,000 signature!,j. the;roll of namoßboing£32ft in ohurobos of tbo colony are sending/petitions to •• like- effect. : State B‘ohool .DRiNEiNa - Water,— MrE, W. V. Gribbo, to wndlerk, 'Eisebdbb, ? soot''a oiroqlar to the- City Councill yMtqrday; ’aa tci og , their co-operation infringing■ pressure/to ibear on tbo Eddditidbdepfrtmont>. Wlth ;lbe view of schools throughout -Iho oniony, flo that -the children may, particularly In the summer; time, have pure wftter tp drink. Council bad approached thofßouoatioo department In the rontter,and reply ib the'effect.that fujidu warp nobr avail able for tbo purpose. The. mat,tm*j JiowpvoA., ■hadprovod.of such importance, -especially ■:io, iwocml ftn (1.1 m purl tie*. in*enio:bf>,tho school Wpaduriogtho past summer that'-iV-was .con sidbredßomolhirig should bo done ovonnt tpo curtailment-6t other less important expendi ture. Tbo Public Hoaltb -dwtpipnt • Were aiiXlou* to boo the filters, provided, and wore moving -in tbo mallor. C^opoP^tion: if w granted .on tbo motion of Cr-Ballos. f- **i / Dulness and Low Priors.-Otoe; Age, touching oh tbo oanaos of diilposs Id yiofcddttn , mining and Jow pricwr in.thd Bbtro.DjfttKOMjof i Melbourne, Bendigo, Ballarat, .oto., « What in wanted to give 'a groat impptud to mining in‘ Victoria ia tbo diversion ,lo pur own goldfields of « portion of thob stream of English capital wblob ia now flowing; towards tho sites of wild oat sohemeir in other part* of tho world " " • „ .. The Milk Supply, -Mr F, Dunn, city analyst, for warded a report to tho City Ooun oil yesterday onan analysis of seven sample* of milk received by him from Clly.ioßpt.otor Pabpy. The analyses disclosed tbofoil^lng percentages:—Water, , 88,46, . 87’IQ, 87'7Q, 88*68, B#6l, 86*15, 87*28; 8oi ?»> 8*36, 9*15, 9*&. 0*24, 9-70, 8*87; fatty Halids, 3 30, S’?®, 3 90, 4 20, 4 26, 4 15, 3 88., This showed that three of tbo samples passed tho standard, two passed tho limit allowed and two wore slightly below tpo limit In tbrtr pfiroontago of non-fatty solids. Ho roooro I mended that other samples ba obtained from itbo vendor* of those-at* a future date. Tbo report was adopted: _ Old Age PENSIONS'.—Tbo first tho Old Ago Pension.Comroisrtoo, of which Mr Klrton, M.L.A.,' is dhalrmao, has boon fixed for Monday next, at U i.m/' Arrange- I mentß will bo made as to tbo lines upon which the inquiry Is to bo conducted and tbo ote*s | of evidence to be taken. Tbo secretary, Mr ’F, 1 T. Short/of the‘treasury departmynt, ba* collected a largo amount of literature on tbo subject, including the reports of tbo two OU Ago Pon»ion commissions appointed in Eng. land. The first of ,thbso submittod Ite re port in 1895, recommending a scheme which ~Wnotd cost an onorraous sum something like .£18,000,000; tbo second commission, which bai' not yet otmplolod' it* labors, l« mutely engaged in inquiring into that oaloulotlon with a view to eooing’wbotbor it can bo re duced. Tho bill introduced In tbo Now Zealand Parliament last year, but abandoned, will also offOr roatorlal for the oooMderatloii of tho ocramtesioo in this colony. An ar rongomonl for regular sittings of tbo com mission has not yoi boon made. I’HB SMOKE PROM THE TEAMS. Mr P. B 8, Cooper, secretary of the Bendigo Tramway Company, wrote to tho City Council yesterday staling that tbo directors desired, to reduce 11,0 smoko from tho motors os muoh ns possible and that at present coke was burnt at both termini. It was intended To continue doing so as long as tho necessary coke could bo obtained. Whenever It was possible to obtain o regular supply of smokeless fuel |(at a reasonable oo«t) tho direc tors would bo only too ploo*od to burn ilj altogether. Tbo mayor remarked that tho council had no power to compel tho com pany to burn coke. Cr Abbott: “Hm the company power to create tbi* nuisance?” The mayor replied that tho city solicitor had given an opinion on tbo matter a short time ago, and it wa* to tho effect that while tbo council could do nothing, any ratepayer could telco action against the company. Cr Abbott asked if thoro wore anything in tbo council’s agree ment with tho company giving them tho right to run along MoHteon street. Ho thought permission bad boon given to run up to tho railwoy atalion. Tho mayor replied that nothing was said in tbo agreement about the tram* running along Mollison rtroot. Cr Abbott: “Then wo can sboo find out if the council has any control over this nuisance or not, Tho engines flro up in a street the com pany havo no right to run in.” Cr Carolin remarked that the council should be very careful. They raised no objection to tbi. company going on tho streot, end tho com pany bad taken no advantage of the oounoil’s mistake. Tho matter then dropped. The Easter Pair Sports.— Among tho numerous entries - that have boon received for this popular gathering to bo bold in connec tion with tbo Batter Fair, tbo following world-renowned riders have already intimated their intention of competing:-Eelph, the recently arrived English champion; Boidi, tho Kalian champion ; Tebbutt, tbo winner of tbo lost Austral; and others. Tho sooreterv, Mr H. M. Marks, has completed arrange meats for tho latest cycle motor and Eiffel Tower Cycle, to bo shown at tho Fair during oaob day. We are requested to remind in tending competitors that entries close for all events on Tuesday next, 30th inst. A special mooting of tho “Citizens’ Rafrovhment Booyflfewas hold at the Town Hall last even ing. IT was decided that the flrstprize in the art union .would be a pony and phaeton. Tho fund*, for the purpose wore ooileotod from tho various townspeople by Mr T. Hogan and Mr A. Biaoamp, to whom a hearty vote of thank* was aooordad. Tbo secretary (Mr W. R Tardif) stated that a largo demand for art union tiokots bad already sot in, and that tiokets will be available on Tuesday next. Early Closing on Saturday Night.—A meeting of drapers and tailors who are mem hors of the Bendigo and Eaglobawk Tractors' Assooialioo, was held yesterday morning at Mr Pickup’s office, Mitchell streot. ‘ Mr T. H. Honderaou presided. The< mooting had boon convened in response to a requisition signed by a number of drapers who wished to discuss tbo advisability of altering tho hour of alosteg on Saturday night-*. After some discussion Mr. Lse (Craig, Wi’> lianrjHon and Thomas) mpvod that a sub committee, consisting of Mows, T. , H. Henderson, T. 3. Gibson, A. M Pool and th - mover, bo appointed to wait on the drspeis and clothier*, and obtain their signatures to a document Undertaking to close at 9 30. p.m. sharp on Saturday*. In the event of thou interested unanimously agreeing to the proposal, the earlier closing of the drapery establishments will commence at ones,, and the sub-committee will wait on tho shop keepers in other lines of business, and induct them to do likewise. The Hostler’s Royal. Reserve Lease, A letter was road at tho council mooting ys. H. Y. North, manager of ,tho' Hustler’s Royal Reserve Company No. 2, ap plying for an extension of the agreement t-> mine in Rosalind Park existing between th* company and’ the City Council for a furth“r period of 16 years upon tbo same condition-, as in the present agreement. Tho Crown leases recently expired, but renewals wore ap plied for as provided by tho Minos Act, and arc now pending. It was decided to grant th extension on the motion of .Cr. Hoskins. Tub New Fire Station.— At yesterday’* mooting of the City Council a letter was road from tbo secretary of tho Country Fire Brigades’ Board, stating, that tho - lenders received for tho now Central Firo Stetteo were laid before a meeting of the board bn Thursday. They wore in excess of the con templated expenditure, and wore held, over for further. consideration. The, letter was r - ortvod. ,1 - V-; - Op? to the West. -Aftho meeting of B'. Kilinn’s branch, H.A.C.8.5., on Monday even* log, it was doeidod to make a t> Bro G. E. Butler, previous lb hi* departure' for West Australia. It was resolved to'tusko tbo presentation at tho Court House Hotel on Monday evening, nnd : a dommitleVwas ap pointed to parry out the arrangements. A meeting of the. committee .was held last: bight, when very satisfactory reports were .robbrkod. An Idiot’s the last few nights (says our Bobuoa. oorrespobdont) Cornea returning.homo Jjbjthe- dlrpptiob of -tho Bouth'rn Cross and..whovpstron;so tho railwav line have been soared by thb-antios ,of a (all ghost which follows th*m and raises [ two srm* about six feet- long over thoir beads. -They trying to see tbe jeaiurbs of the being. It may bo interesting to the ‘-‘gboat” to loam that no I« being'nought-for by two- or three - reildonts armed-with shot guns. : .* Cadets.— A monthly, parade of . tbo. I«t Battalion V. V. Caduls w*a held at Castle- Detachmonte wero present from Eblmo*, Kynoton, Castlsroaine, "■ Eagia-*. bafkr Central ,B*ato »ohool, and Gravel Hill, Bendigo, and Golden Square, under tbo com mand of Lieutenants Opio, Partridge,‘Taylor, Bsod, Coohrano and 'Parker. . A steady parade of over two .hours’ diffntion In instructive battalion movements was hold, under the. command of Captain Daley, at the conclusion of which tbo battalion, the bugle through the main .streets of tbo town Before dismlaaal. •' A. Promising Vooaxtst.— Miss Winifred Hoskin*. daughter of Cr J. R. "Hoskins, , and. pupil of Mr Ch. K!bg, haa been successful In carrying off the 30-guinpa prizo offored by Mrs Emory Gould, .at fcho J( Mel 'b'oaralC'7' ‘‘ ; '7 '•'■■■ -•" • . D U P.B. ■Dispensary.—Tbd'raonthly meet-; ing was held at- the instilcte last evening. .There was a .fair, attbndanoe, tbo_preeldonti ’Mr W. Stubb*, being in tho chair Thotexooiif jtlye pommittea’.ii ropocb, ; whioh l Blated that-tho’ land' that a' tobdor jor jehnp had'beoh lot, was to ,;fpr.wavdyja v dolench to the vvlddjy;^lalb^r„Q. r : R®g'd^; ,A letter wo^ropplvod Jibe, Forest, ATO-P,, Bppqiatipg; Mr;"<R-r:T.r Barlow; dologxto in the - thh iste Mr Q Rood. Acobunts to -Iho ompaht ■<ot;£Zo9 < :I6s;3d;'werb passed', fbt.payafen(!i, : >,.'>• / : Druids’ -tfdnn'ebljpn* Iwith'tho Druids’ Xnhual^ala^tbls'^ to bold an^loteMcriffiSaV'Band;'C6n"» ; beiag mado - to Inacgqrate/tho n 'feature^,fpv a rpfioStrbjrodltep^thp Mr.;. J.; J>Brenh»n, iin bTdpr-:tb lhduoe -buofdf^fchPteelebrat^ibibdi^ ibsfo to visitthi*. colony understand that his with sudodls, tnd thkfcylbb rlaon B*nd bps tl i l. J' ,vit £ Uod, Thio lofdrmalloß>i)| intVo^- Inovery partToftho oolon*y,-'aod whoa add eel tbnt; the, f WMos and ’ uiTcaoaß appo»r« lo bo/aMurod. Of Boara *J£! 5 item on tho pragrariimp; is In fc op motfvW ArlNftion. wlfll'At* first prize pf £looo'for W and 124 other prizes, as '. a “ v ®wl Used, tho tiokoU foe wblflh wjll admit to the pop lost,, my it. ool used,, have a phanoo in P ho Howbrt.—The ‘Ladles* Committee. o* thin portion,of thoEastor Fair attrootionß aro working my bard to mako- ti>o Pair ft# oomploto QB o»ro, onctgy. «p* 6_,. and b<ird itr; They ; oro living rioi b ißg.'ff iiddno ' that',will tend to I nowato tho groat interest ilr»t i8 r nlra»drh«lhg: t»kon Ip the movement. Tho Doll ->how prbmiHO of bolog a grpafc altraatlon. Intending oompotHoro for, tho ' many boautirul pr zoa dohatvd can obtain all Information on appllco tlon to Mis»Ltzzi« J*okson, tho honorary seoreUrv to Tho Bowery, or to U*a. Marks, tbo honorary ooorolory to tho i air, _ City 'Power Court —Tho. n»j® r Marka), Messrs Day to, Morrow,. >.. J«:P M attended yeßUrday. J. f ‘ . aeoured a vordlot for £l9 U2d against Gharlefl Drao, with £1 3i 6d oosta. A paront ”W flood £1 for ncglootiug to have his obfja vaooi , noted. A. dbaler’a lioonia was granto , * A, Hontor, and oollcotor’B license* grantecl to John Clanoy, Joseph Nelson, Cr0 «& Albert Ranee and Chas. H«#rf, ® ul , Ham Callaghan also applied for a o lloonno, bat was refused, a« bo twd on y recently boon bonvlbtod of stealing a whip an pulley. Injector Murphy remarked thatthe in-in had a good deal of impudence to oomo there, udder tho ofroumslanoes. A goroiohoo oato Is reported elsewhere. _ Roubino THE Doctor's Bouse.— Dr J»«« Bidio, of 49 Balaclava -road, reported to tbe local poiico on Thursday that Soino tjmp dar ing lest month a robbery wa< committed at hie residence* The property stolon in° lad ®“ * lady’s gold bar broooh set wl'b poorl*. BA‘*. ring sot with a diamond, gold chain and some Pi DHATUO* Alt Infant.-OnThar*day»ftor n-*on Mr W. Wobb, J P., bold a nuw^*‘® r »■ inouiry on tbo body of o mole infant, B*4 hour old. non of Mr William Hudeon, ple«torer, or Flore HUI, ’Beok Credit. Frbm tbo evidence it appo-jrs that the child -was born at A V o’clock on Monday night, Mr* Mary Downes, nurse, of Rolroot Road, B.ck Crook, be'°B a I tendance, fcbo remained until 6 o'clock in ® following morning, when ahe loft She notioe that tho Child, wbon boro, had a SUgn* l “ Tthorzlog” lii tho chest, but otherwise n ® was healthy. Mrs Lydia'Smith, rasrriod woman, residing io Retreat Uoad, B' oK Crei’k, doposod that obe iront/ to the boo 8 ® after tbo nur«o loft on Tuesday mornings Tho child was cross all that thy. Witnca gavo him a toaspoonful of castor;'ellwand b booom* quiotor. Sho did not retailin' aJ J night, but on returning at 6 o’clock oox morning was informed 'that tbo beby 'bad slept well during tbo night. After-giving Mrs Hudson her breakfast witness wont to wesb tbo child, end noticed that bo was of a peculiar color. Sooo after the child died. Dr J. Cook, who made a, post mortem examination, deposed that death was due to congestion of the lungs. Ho considered tbo child had received proper treatment, A ver dict to that effect was returned. Insolvent,—Thomas George Trowbridge, Pegjog roud, Eoglohawk, miner. Liabilities, £92 6j Id ; Besets, £5 ; deficiency, £B|7 6s Id. Causes; Want of employment, ex panses through illness of wife and ohildrou, and pressure of creditors, Assignee, John Haakor; attorney, Moms Kennedy and Wood ward. Firemen’s Social —The annual concert and dance in connection with tho Long Gully Fire Brigade will take place at tbo Odd fellows’ Hell, Long. Gully, on Monday night at 8. . .. ■ ■ , ■ Alarm of Fire,-r-About throe o’clock yes* terday afternoon tho watchman tolled the alarm of flro in tho No. I Brigade district. The No/-1 reel was taken out. and tbo cauap of alarm was found to bo a heap of burcing rubbish on a vacant allotmaot off Mundy street. Address to the Queen,—Mr C G Darvall of California Gully, has just completed to the order of tho Boeobworth Shlro Council, o bountifully illuminated address for presenter bion to her Majesty on tbe occasion of the Diamond Jubiloo celebrations. As is usual with Mr. DarvallV work, tho address is ex quisitely artistic In design and finish. Drawing Room Entertainment.—Last evening a . drawing room entertainment and musical evening w?ro bold in St. Paul’s schoolroom. There was a very good attend ance. Tbo following ladies and gentlemen took part in the programme, which was well executed. Misses E. and V. Rogers, B. Claridge, Watson, Jackson, MaoQlllivray, M. Jonos, Mueller, E. .and A. Dyason and Messrs Tiokier, F, Walter, T. Hill, W. Cahill.and J. H. Bryan. Tbo Misses B->yd, Henderson, atornborg, Illingworth, Taylor and. Hod lor wont through a skilful * performance' in club swingiog. They were led by Miss, E. Fogarty, Mr A, G. Finstor led tbe orchestra. Re freshments were banded, round, and an enjoy-, able evening was spent. v Presentation.—At the close of tho meet ing of tho Religious Instruction /Class do Tuesday'last, tho Rev . j. ; Westaoott - was the recipient of a valuable cruet stand from the children. Mrs. N. Peyser made (bo presenta tion for tbe'obildrad in tho prosendo of some of tho parenbs. -The roy. gooUemap thanked Mrs. Poyaer and the children very .much for their present, and assured thorn it bad been a great pleasure to him to meet tbo obildrpf) week by week op Tuesdays at .Ironbatlf.. was under groat and lasting obligation to Mrs. Peyser for assisting at the organ. Be would always look back - with ploas-imv upon tbe meeting- at Ironbark, and was quite sure tbal bu and bis abloV-siManb had not laboured in vain. Hb hoped to meet them all in heaven. Bt. Andrew’s,—At the tvoi>v..g service in 8t Andrew’s Church to morrow Me. Niobnl?, | agent of the British and Foreign Biblo So* i oiety, will preach, Tbo Rdv A, 8 C, Jambs nil] preach in fcho morning. Mombars of (bo congregation who did pot contribute to . the golden offering la«t Sunday are asked to make their offering to-morrow. ’ - I. The 43bd Anniybrsaby of tbe Forest street Wesleyan Sunday school will bo cele brated to-morrow. ’ The . Roy F. Neale will conduct the morning service, .tb.e Roy 'll. DUtoricb tbe afternoon, and Mr John, Rogars the evening Special anthems will' bo sting by tho scholars, A to* moebiog will tako.placo on Wednesday evening. I “Bible Work in Many; Lands" is tb* eubjeot of an address; to be ’ delivered by Mr i Arthur Nlohbls, bf-the Britiah ahd.Foreign Bible Sooioty, at the Congregational Churchy on Mooday. oveniag at B'o’olopk. The Anniveesary SBRVtOES of tbe .lßpe shot Wesleyan. Sunday School wore*; held on Sunday last, tbe_R*v R. .pltterjpbj nffloiating afternoon and evening. .Tberpv/wotb,_gb!>d on eaob Tpo. annual tea mohliag took ; place bn Monday bvoni-.g and was also .well altendod,. Mesdimos Pe*t ■bury and. Holland, 'and;tbo Willr ’-.mane;' Bucrofl ’and Sphedo presided at the various tables. The aft'^rr'mooting was" ad dressed by the Rev. R, Dittsriob and Mr. J. Pollard; Mr. W. Glay'was.riD (ha chair. Tne flaanoiaLreport.as road -by.,‘Mir J. Turnbull showed a credit' biianoo. 'On : 'the following day.the children’s piaaip ,was hold, at >ybjch the great,majority of tbo sobolara put An., an •ppoaranbo,. :.together with ; friends and rola tiveyjsndVblhoc., visitors. Tho usual amuse mbnU. wbro^b'oarti|y r po tored in to . during; ,tho dav.'a'An lmprpraptu conoprb in l the* ovbping terminatbdavepyaucoessful'abniversaryi:-; ; GhUROII PESTIVAL . AITOyPRBpNTATIQN A® L6OKWGOJ>.^tDu ring lhe ; pai t wbek-Lopbwopd waa ou fQt«. On Bun Bay leßt’ h*»yeat tßanks- wore held ip -Bt.~ BbepboVs. Church. , It waa. vory taalofajly decorated withy.vegetables, ' fruita, tjb v and- ovor grpebs, Tbe c ohurob was opowded hoth after noon and bvening,’ The oboir Bon’8 f •eryloe irttn groat;spirit; together..with special antbemVand hymns. ;. The Rev.u:. H.- Scott preaphed both .sermons.On Wednes day 'the annual tea mooting and' op.aoert' paipo • off very suooossfplly, ;lbb dVdie| of Tbe' opny gregation presiding 'at the'- tablVsl, The ‘ 'con - oort was exoellopt, withß programme bg. .: 21 items. Among, went but 7 were Misses jSdar iop 'J one?, Nipholibn, Hoskjps, A , SparUn,*; Lyons, of Mardng, Vnd reft-., derod numbers. - During the obnb<*rt a break; was made to prasobtMrCb'arlos-WiokenSjj.lhe; •eorptary, wboup.Jabout. tp;,leave; for.y Wp*t, Au,ttraUB l *.wlth' ; EoA'ddresB' 7 ■tuds. Mr WiokenB, ~Is hold in" high esteem. Tho read.b the phairmsDi .the for 1l»olf'!' : -“ t dians of St. - thn lost' -of'' sporetary, jbd;;. make horpp.Ab qualities of obarabl«rf ;^barJ' l >ld in all j manner have v,ellblt^ ; .,*^ J»ff jptiop. 57q 'with''- for ybur'i vin.djistry^odyfsWbdllbwf‘ypiir co', and ; ;p*utlbp, ; -upright-' thoominopd. who require* men.;! ■An; This Iwby' >pd.,guarcUaniiiTi b . liwllh Institute of Awiariei, England, worklpg i i The special; ■ ploaVprb'4'tb| nbjjoV losspo to .the" b.row.d^of^lybuDg-jfnSenA jptppqnty.ojcr^bo^ .’pommended -the ; example ,!of;; theii'reoipionte 'tAi 7 '* m^*^®b;">: '*Mr-7;Bltwayt;yytbbVSßbicoV bfroSidentsiotVlbtfdlstf i^reaented^Mr,^ InttoT A mo«6 enjoyable evenfng ««» *V - o a close with a v/te of * ttiankp siofters and all- concornod i.nph* proposed by Mr Stuart aod Mr C Woken* fnS to which qt Hoskins responded, look the opportunity oao&eSS; oburob on possessing' »uob ao ooorg log of dolppale* -frorh>tb« City* Hortt|f» Str» - Anril fi Mossr. G. H. Hobson .and Cojvil] ncnduot c flale of valuablc freohold properties, situated In Napier *treot r ,,EagIehawk, nndor instruotions ifrom Mr JoWph t f THIS ATTRBNOOJT at the Victoria Hotel,! at 2 SockJaios*re It .O’NoiHaad Co., will, sell Eroler stroot, American ona ® r ' ■tpnntione front Mr J. _ i- At tbolr-Ha?gro«y«a 8 A reefc . T * rd * - at I o’olook,- Messrs;: L. Macp.her«oo;,8t«rD berg aod Co. will soil 40 good useful hordes. f»w account of the exeoalon in „ "bVll M. P.triok O'Krt.pJ ;® Bentley will, at tbo Victoria Hotel; o nVlook soil a «;b. house and miners right =?lttment fn Abbott street, «oat v the - Gra^ol On*°the' TBBMISB8, “Gamma,*?' Barnard atroS ocf Tuesday n«t »t U o’clock, Mosfefa ‘jH m! Marks and Co. will opbduot an sire sale of - modern bousohold piano, etc., under instructions from IWr VV. Rottio. ■ • ’ ' ' r: ' i, ■ a Sunday school tea and entorWlnmrfot will bp hoW Hill Wesleyan Ohcroh on W Tbo ft8 S r rS ,ng of tto QaartaopoVi* T7 A O D . announces that' tbo - roeifcings_wlll in futar?£/haT at the Bendigo United Friendly 8 °IotjwlUt° of winners of oertifleatea tion, with the tit. Joh “>. a slight-correction has to bp »?*••£■ given as Miss Elliott phoold bayp been Mrs , Kiiiott; • - - '- - rn- 