RAPPINGS ON A FEN FARM. In Tick Feon-so we read in the "Potor bodrounlii Advertiser"ci Rham~ ey nmagis trate has a farm, at the extremity of .which, far. away from any other build ings, live a horsekeeper named Row than, his:wife, aand a bed-ridden daugh ter. The cottage is a typical fen shanty of wood and thatch, and adjoining it is a siumilar 'tenement, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt ,and his wife. Mfiss Rowthan, who Is eighteen.years of age, and has been confined to her bed for nearly twelve mouths, slept in a room near the thatch, her bedstead rest nlg against the gable-end of the roof. On Monday week, at midnight, gentle mrapings against her bed were heard, and as the walls are wooden the noise was more apparent. At first the sounds came in sequences of three and four, increasing to six and seven at a time, and growing louder as they proceeded. Then they ceased for a space, and recommenced more vigorous ly, until they were heard by the next door neighbors-according to one re port, at a ltrmhouse 500 yards off. The mother and father,, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed. but.for a time, did -nothlng, thinking' the mnianifesta-' tions would: cease: - Thee instead in creased-until the "ghosts," as if angered' at being pooh-poohed, becnme so noisy as-almost to threaten a: terrifi crash: Nothingt was to be seen; though it was clear and starlight, 'and" the' disturb ances continued to ring out across the fens. The mappings recirred at intervals until the advent of dhwn seemed to drive the malicious "spirits" before it. On the following night, though at a dif ferent time, a repetition of the- pheno mena occurred. 'Meanwhile the inmates, who had suf fered the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon decisive actibn. On the third night the father,taking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but the rappings against the gable were renewed more vigorously than ever. Search parties were organised, but every oone remained baffled. The countryside'begau to talk of the - mys tory, and watch parties assembled in the cottages until morning.- No timid ghost was this, for the pulsations cou tinued whilst eyes were fixed on. the very spot upon.which the.izivisible blows were given. The landlord's estate bailiff, together with a companion, took pains to keep vigil in- the "haunted house"' from midnight till three. The ioisses were repeated with the greatest freedom.- He drove back to Ramsce at three in.the morning, admitting that he was.baffled even in the cleverest of thi theories he.had in ;is own mind 'con. jured up to actcount for the -mystery. Itund:eds of people have visited ithe place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers and .others fromi the surrounding dis trict havre made critical examination of the.house. The.girl has been removed into the adjoining.house, where the rap pinigs are not so audible nor so fte'iuent. 