BREVITIES. T.I- » .. • London. Radicals agitating for annexation; of Crete by Greece. Earl of Glasgow, late Governor of Taa.-. mania, cleared out by the China. Wont be. greatly missed. F. L. Outtrim suoceeds. Stftibert at the G.P.O. Smibert ia off to. Postal Conference, at Washington.. Salisbury does not agree to. exercise, pressure upon Greece. The German Im«. perial Crank, furious. Great scratching of backs at the Star- Theatre yesterday when the three honorables. had their conventional, outing. Th.e. local A.-N.A. a*oke too late. Thereis not the ghost of a okance to get even the. tail end of a Federal. Convention Candidate, n.ojv- German press walking into- the- English premier's affection?. Italy sides with Eng.. land, and has a leaning towards Greece. So. h.a a France too. Federal Convention to be held. aj> Adelaide.. The work of. Western Australia, who hasN^ crow to pluçk with Premier R<sid. and. New. South W⩽ generally. Alfred and Henry Walker, 12- and 10 years, old, up. for train- wrecking alt Caiisbrook.,. Caught red-handed, placing wood on. the rails, with a view to seeing the train "jump." Lord; Brossey camp down, a cropper afe Albert Park. Horse fell and rolled over r him, breaking hia noble collarbone and; otherwise injuring his gubernatorial, anatomy* Sir George Turner has.discovered, that the. country cm- do., without him. while hp.has a^ ran home to the festivities. Also discovers, that the London, fete oominittee ccunnot do, without him. The date for the hplding. of the. B&rna-.; wartba Races, has not yet been.fixed. The. .generalopinion seem» to.fav.ora, Wednesday, as on thai day thQçe fe a half- holiday at Chiltero..- The Old. Buffers crioket matoh. was to, have been played to-morrow, but it had to> be postponed.. Woutf. not the holding of it: on a Wednesday afternoon, he. a, step in theright direction ?- Harbour Trust dress down Best, theconsequential, in a dignified letter. Whydon't the Australian Natives try and get old? Styles, up here. That's, the. sorjt of fftllow.- to suit a Chiltern.audience,. The Hon.. Mr Melville, who desoribes: himself as. a. Free Lance,, never heard of; Ireland. Another grievance added to lier.- burden. And he ean hppe. to. get into tho- Federal convention,after this!. Greece a. regular little fighting oack, Ha&; all Europe nearly by the ears. Will solvethe Turkish problem^ herself, when the big. bullies have shrunk in oowardice from* suppressing the brutal butcheries. Uncle Sara's Senate passes a resolution of sympathy with Greeoe.. Bravo Uncle Sam». The plucky little thing Tgaqts all the moral ir support that can. be given her - just now.. She has.asked for no physical support • David Syme sending a Rifle Team home at: his own. expense. This, is the way Dave, to. get the K.C.B; in spite of tl e-Conservativ^ crowd» who shut their.eyes to your patriot-, ism and see only* your fiddling to the Radi-. oalmob, Arise, Sir. David Syme 1 Victorian Mining Accident Relief Fund* has £20,000 qu mortgage and 4S00 on bank., deposit, besides £180 to their credit on. current account, and all this..the spontaneous... outcome of. a liberal burst of public, generosity, a few years.ago. Contractors near Dookie advertise in vaii*, for men to break stones. Five shillings a, day. to be made, but attraction proves futile,. And still, our Park ip fjall of. loafers, who beg. for a.mprsol of bread, but wont earn. it. If.; the Police cannot arrest, them.as vagrants,, they ought to be allowed to.starve. Though Beechworth; is unable to payinterest or sinking fund on tho £27,000* borrowed, for water supply, she ia.not to bedeterred/ however, and is.now going in foran additional scheme, entailing an ex-., penditure of £200 a. year for tlie next ten< years, plucky. !• 