ARCHIIE'S TROUBi.E. You say London is a big placeo. I call lt tery little. I hare found the world to be a little one and Loudon is not quite equal to that. Perhaps when you have roamed about it as I have you may think the same. Buppose, that on your first visit to Yoka. hams or Dunedin, the first man who greeted you an out wtlked into your hotel, was your old \-- negnnour-iooeuuso wuu . u . - .-. yours at home, or when walking into the news. room of the " Metropole "at Naples, you found that the thin man at the reading stand beside you was your old college chum Robinson, wouldn't you think that the world was not so very wide after all P Meetings of the kind take place daily. I am going to tell you of one of them, only this took place in Loudon. One ot qur largest country buyers was expect ed in town,so it was arranogd that I should meet him.. As he was an important man to us, it was decided that I eshould give a full day to him if necessary. So I went over early to the brokers'. in Mark- lane where he was to call, and learned that it was uncertain when he would arrive as he was known to have other businuse in the city and might transact it before coming there. 1 found that there was nothing for me but to wait about until he arrived. ° At two o'clock he had not come and his brokers thought that as it had grown so late. he would probably not call until the following morning. So I decided to go to lunch and look In again after. electinug one of the quietest of the cafes Inathe lane, I went in and ordered some light refreshment. The house was one of the newer \--anounrm'ot-'n ryprcars'onudon revo?suwt-eitalidg it to be frequented by ladies. Seeing a vacant chair at a small table near the end of the room I took mny seat there and was soon enjoying a pleasant lunch. Making a survey of the surroundings, I noticed that three of the four ladies who had been sitting at the table next to mine, bad risen, leaving an exceedingly pretty girl of about 18 as my nearest neighbour. Her side face was toward me and there was such an easy grace about her. that she became an object of interest to mu.The trim outline of her well-cut jacket and the neat hat of brown bearer gave evidence of a faultless Itate In harmony with the sweet-face of the wearer. I had finished my lunch yet I satstill,enjoying the delightful presence of the girl near me. A waitress approached her to receive payment for the refarshmrnt she had ordered. The girl's hand slid quietly into her pocket. I could see that she was feeling for herpurse. A lookofoon. sternation came over her face. The purse was evidently not there. She felt again. Her look became on. of despair. She bit her lip and then seemtd as if trying to recollect something: Turning her face, every lineament of which be tokened Innocence, upon the waitress, she said \---- tna mear tnougt aslightl?treieulous voice. "I have either lost my purse or come without it. I have no money at all. Whatever shall I do?" i' The waitress smiled dubiously. " It will be necessary to pay madame. Have you no money P " she said. " None. I am absolutely without a penny as mj purse is gone. Whatever shall I do P " the girl asked piteously, looking round. Her full fAce was now turned to me. Her embarrassment was painful to behold. I was as certain that she was telling the truth ss I pas of my own existence. " What is the amount P " I whlspered to the waitress. " tily a shilling, sir," was the answer. I handed the waitress a shilling, and taking out Scard stepped acroes to the girl. " I noticed your difficulty," I said. " Your puree has most likely been stolen. I have paid, and shall be very happy if you allow the matter to rest." " I cannot do that, nir," she said, colouriog ~? L--? ak... foi the loanof the money, but please tell me where I can return it to." " It is not worth troubling about. I will, however, leave you my card with pleasure," I said, thinking that I might hurt the girl's feelt lags if I refused to give her an address to which the money might be returned. I took out my pocket-book and handed her my card and then rose to go. I saw that the girl was struck by the name. A look of astonishl ment appeared on her face. Seeing that I was about to leave the cafe, shebo rose abruptly and stepped lightly after me. a Excuse me, sir," she aid, timidly, "but will you tell me whether you have a friend in Lon don named Carruthers-Archie Carruthers P" I was perplexed. Outside of my own family circle there was just one rman in all London that I oared to regard as a friend. 'that man was Archie Carruthers of Chelsea. But how on earth had this girl struck the name P " I certainly have a friend of that name," I ...-- .,-..,unr,-r ,..enh.., ..csw. i?.. . r...s-.r ...t. lg, bahsael eyes. " I felt sure it must be you," she said, with returning confidence. " Archlo is always talk. inag aboutyou . lie will be so delighted when ;he learns you have helped me out of this stupid dilloully." ." Pray tell co with whom I am cor.versing," I asid, my curiosity now being aroused. " My name is Gladys Manville," she replied in tones of silvery lightness, her embarraesmenl having all passed away. She was Archie'safianle. This was the girl he had so often enthused over to me., and to whom he had promised me an early introduction, " Lucky dog I" I thought, as her countenanoe was momentarily lit up with a smile of delicious sweetness, " I am truly happy, Miss MIanville, over the good fortune which has enabled me tomeetyou, and do you a small service," I said, agree. I Ably. " Archie will bo very grateful to you, as I am," she replied, extending her hand. " I s? afraid, though," she continued, " I shall have to make another claim upon your kindness. I have come into town to see Archie, and as I have not my purse, I really have not what will ? .............. s. wr a ut.Rot to l.ueue aquare, I shall be so much obliged to you. I' will aak Archie to retui, it to you. I'erhals you don't know thalt lihe is ill," she added, a Itok of anaiety taking thl. I lace of tlheu Inie which Iad bearmed il1po, me r liroleint lbiforIL,. I confr-sed my ignroenilr lnd lYstkedi her fII psrtleulars oefimr fie nIiits ailmenit. It llshed arross my mind that it was natrly a mnth i lnce I hiad en h r , n ,lulte unrhard of period to pasa wlthoit a vinit tromn lrI.ir tliss Manville esreind to regret hlavig madeln allusinn to ArchhIllr'n ildlI.loilitirn. To my questlion anl others whilch ftllhwred, sht gave replies which were conIIrutiIIid ald nvcinrt ensaite. One remark, hIowtr re, which she Ilt llroil, bred my eurinaly and cauetnl 1 ol tU dsteruiiin to accumplnlsy her to CBhlea if I could arrillg It Ifer remark cunveyld that Aiehin had wordried himself ill over Its "' trulle at Ithei amcr." As I knew tiat ie wrs cashlier to a cily 1irm of high itanlirng, the remanrk iarl in ul very uneasy. It lisd a signaricance sao i ever dreamt of. Inlss blaneille aoo.'.l iioverjoyed when I ai g. Lgested arenopsontll g lihr to thiul,. llillaiii Ilg that I coull orly drino if thle iely I wishe, to use wero r, .t hkihly to srrive, I lernnldrl hlor e walk witt. inn tC" 'le Irmko?rs' tIhat I night accurnal nr.s.. .. - .. ?,, elegrarm wan balnded to me, It aLdvIseid that IMr. Ctllhrt. Uen Our ee'torn*r, hurd ln rum tileln tir ,et to wn, but that he wruld be at Mark Ilnen iy wn on the followinrg nornlrng. i A I read the tLlregnrr adn rratlelld lhat I c lree for the day, I leemdrt to ese iomeahrngl e than bane in Cflluthlertouna nun.arrivlal .?..:d In conjurctlon with t)e way luI which Ie of Arohble'l trouble had reachel mei Y .a h11qrMu4lea r 1 ul." * without delay. Telephoning to Cannon-street that C'utlbertsoon had not come; and that I shoubl probably not return to the offllice that night, as I had been unexpectedly summoned to visit a friend who was ill, I accompanied Miss Glanville to the station and booked for Sloaesnaquare. ... At ten minutes to four we were ushered into Archie's presence in the sitting room of his house in lanor-street, Chelsea. Thnnah we:had tecn announced, I thought Archie would have fainted when he saw me walk luto his room with Miss Manville I learned that she had been quite qdexpected,and as for myself. Archie would as soon have ex pected the Czar of Russia to break in poen him as me. With a shy and nnsasy air he rose to offer mne his hand. In a few words I rexplained howe I had be come atcqualted with bliss llanville, and found myself under the double obligation of accom panying,her on her journey across the city, she being his Irirnd and alone under rather awk ward circumstances, and of, paying him a visit to ascertaiu how he was. Archie smiled as I filis.hed my narrative and thauked me profusely for what I had done. " As you have been so good as to come to see what is the matter with me, I'll tell you the whole story," he said, settling back in an easy attitude, though his look still betekened a troubled mind. The story be told me was this. Three weeks before, to that very aftcinoon, he had made up at the office, as was his custom, his firm's amount of cash and plisper for payment into the firm's account at the bank. The sum was £670, among which were two notes of £100 each. l'h r Ctlom was for Archie, as casier, to count the for the aoistent cashier to proceed with they bag and key to the bank and pay the umoiuit in. On that particular afternoon, when the cash was taken from the bag at the bank, the two hundred-pound notes were missing. George Chiswoll, the 'asasiltnt cashier, immediately notillied the lore to the bank and hastened back to the ofico to inform Archio of it. Archij was dumbfounded. Almost the last thing hi had done before Chiswell left for the bank was to check off the notes with some others and some bills. Though he had implicit confidence in Chiswell, the fact remained that he had taken the beg to the bank and had had possest sion of the key to it. To add to their con fusiont a slip of paper which hbd borne the ounm. ber of the missing Dotes had alpo disappeared so that there were no means of stopping them. Archie was confident that be had been the viec tim of a well laid plot ; the question was, who was the thief. Ito was satisfied that Chisewll had not consciously been a party to it, but this conviction only deepened the mystery surround ing the matter. The principals of the firm had been immedi ately apprised of the disappearanc of the notes and they had caused the officials of fcot land Yard to be informed without loss of time. The case had been put into the hands of two of the most experienced detectives, but up to that time no clue to the notes had been obtained. From the facts that they had disappeared from his own department, and that until the matter were cleared up, suspicion would naturally at tach to Chiswell,Archie had made himsef ill by worrying oDer the robbery, lie had now been at home for four days, and it was easy to see the low state into which he had worked himself. "What is your theory of the affair ?" I asked when he had finished his story. " That some one in the oficec took the notes, I feel confident of it, though I have not a ves. tigo of proof,"he answered, his eyes flashiong excitedly. " Do you suspect anyone P" I asked again. i " Well, you koow, it is a very delicato and' serious matter," he answered, deliberately. " It is," I pursued, " all the more desirable that auy reasonable suspicion shbould be followed tip. Have you no suspicion of any one ?" " I have a svagu and lurkiug aeaootation of rtii?'?i r pa~ry wth` th' b affair," said Archie., rising and pacing the room uneasily. " I can't dismiss him from my mind. Night and day his face obtrudes itself, and yet I haven't the ghost. of a shred of evidence to connect him with it.": " Who is he ?" I queried, my interest now being awakened. " A clerk in a good position. You would take him to be a principal by his manner. Ile's an awful lot of ' side' about him ; droesses immacu lately and talks glibly about city affiirs; just the kind of man you'd expect to find dabbling in stocks." '. Can he have taken the paper P" "That's just the point. Assuming that he meant to take it, he might have done. IHe is one of the clerks whose business it is to confer, with eno about charges and particulars in state] mentse of account. This brings him pretty free quently into the cash-omce. Ite had been to it that afternoon,but I've not been able to connect' any visit of his with the time of the disappear' anee of the notes, nor has Chiswell. In fact, I -wiitld'diinlsahim from memory only I can't.'j Archie could tell me nothing more about thi matter. It had made him Ill. Learning of his illness, Miss blanville, his .irncee, had comq from Forest Gate to see him. Bhe had first gone into the city and hall called at the restaurant in Mark - lane for lunch: Archie pressed me to stay to tea, but I declined. There was still time to get hback to Cannon street before the tfice closed, so I bade Miss Manvilloand hin"Good afternoon," promisinge to run out to Chelsea again in a day or two, As I travelled to the city, I found my mind running most provokingly upon Archie's mis* hap. I hail a strange and vague prmontllion that in sonmers unlooked for manner I should help hint to clear up the mystery. I could not dis* miss the thing from my mind. Most of the staff had gone when I reached our house in Cannon-slreet, as it was then half. past five. As I entered, our cashier, Pied Thorubnhill, was leavilg. It was past his usual time as he had remained to make up some mail I made a practice of informing Thornhill of any interesting eases of manipullation of lush or bills which calme to my kinoulcilge, as a hearing a story that will inlreal .you." . " Ih I " hIe rclpliod, smiling. " Is it sto e. thirg very good P "i "'istll coerllll backl for ie IiIuteisid I ltellte you ilo lhIrt it WhiuP iit 1r IIli i Iny Iillclr, I sair, lesding the way to iny my ivat the. le sat rldown aill I r l rleatlrd thle lrrory lut the loe?of Archie' tao hunIrlried.illond no,.us 'T'hornhill litrned wi mi rapt aittietiou. 'Will, really, Mr. ('tarl s," hi seia, rogeily wheni | bIl h 1a1i1 , " yolu recall a iirrll nllllll e that cerlstaly Iiiel ian oldte frmn sny mindr itholilghb at the tiulllll it eIIIIItlld l IIrIIrsil that I noted it. Abumt a fInrlliight eiro a ehil rllllm il for £200. It wn s thIe! lln llll Ia IIilIt, £200 IIrnlerVlrii o llrll Ihe I L Itok Ibiy aIttlIrIUO, si I lollkl'l at hel cher.s. It t IaI toseil (through two h ulls In i.11 ii t errile to iiI, aid I saw that the first inllrlllllllt waI by t'rIake sit l)lrwrrut, thrcs ilikbrorirs. I couIrbaed that it hcI Illee r llrlhl to thiin l arnIrLrlllrt rf s i c Io nk-ldeal ni I rarlllrrtiioi, I rIm!eim elll wuoiderill whether it wss oirelu ,uIrggirs tlley hIral got hrlll of wlo had ierii laps rIe'led his sarlngs ansl haolll iteenl vrer to be ilrade durrks rand drirae ir,." "Whiat was thie rIlieers IIaeir Ii" I skn?ild. " I can Ilk it u1 11 it il rif any ioei?niit" ' esli Thrrnlrllh. "I ,?teat tdown iat ele teroe." " It o s,, iloao ; Ihi ierniri lrg sill drlI" I sint sitir faeelliig ef qsulckerned liritest li tlie I hedr Th'lrnhill " tllield light," enrd he dIs aSrted for romle. I hiatd nireid thlt Arclr stlinllllisly re. rallielr frot mnrriritihlrg uli1iiS, s si the rsirty hle Sillllecled. I iioiw wishlle I h r psrllrlled hi for it llit. 1 irrirlrg wwlrliPred to ells that I lmust obtain it. Hr I lsat duwnr and wrote to Archi beginlul him to send I * byie O hl person he tuspeoted, by return of poet. Then I went home. All the evening, and for the greater part of the night, Archie's case occupied my mipd, It eermd to havre become my own ludividual affair and that I was bound to solve the mystery for my own credit's sake. $-This is the name of the drawer of that cheque, Mr. Charles," said Thornhi!l, as I walked into the cash department the nest morning. tie handed me a slip of paper with the words * Lawrence. Drand, Beptember 26," written li ink upon it. I had not then opened my letters, Going to the private omfiee I found them arranged upon my desk, Looking quickly throdgh them, I noticed one with the Chelsea post.mark,: I knew 'that was from Archie Carruthers. Eagerly openung the envelope I took out the on. closure and read: Dear Charlie,-The name of the party I alluded to is Lawrence Bland.' For good ness' sake, mind what you do with the in formation.-Yours sincerely, A. I did mind. Within half-an.hour the detes* tires who had the eaco in hand were apprised of the facts that whereas, on September 24th, two one-hundred-pound notes were stolen from the oflice of itossrs. Cantyre, Crewdson, and a Co., on September 20th, a cheque for two hun. drcd iounds was drawn upon a certain bank by one Lawrence Brand, a clerk in the employ. ment of Messrs. Cantyre, Crewdson, and Co., in favour of a well-known firm of stockbrokers. Before mid.day it had been ascertained that on fieptoieber 25th two hundred-pound notes had been paid to the private account of Law rence Brand at the bank upon which the cheque qirsano"' rYtro anad tie etetive, bad none, acid when the ciroumetances which had come to our knowledge were laid before Mlessrs, Can. tyro and Crewdson, they too, were satisited that Brand was the culprit. The two principals accordingly summoned Mr. Brand to their private office. Bidding him sit down, Mr. Crewdson calmly ilformed him that on Septeomber 24th thetwo notes of one hundred pounds each were stolen from Mr. Carruthers" desk or cash bag : that on the following day, he, Mr. Iawrence Brand, had paid the said two notes into a private account in a certain bank, and that on the next day he had drawn a cheque for the same amount on account of cer, tain satockdealing transactions. " We want to know why you stole those notes, and what you have to say for yourself P" rocluded Mr. Crewdson, fixing a searching look upon Mr. Lawrence Brand. SThe culprit was so utterly taken by surprise that he could make no intelligible reply. Charged with the theft in the face of the known facts, he could only imagine the case complete against him. lie fell down upon his knees at Mr. Crewdson's feet whining for mercy. Archle Carruthers is now married. He and his wife are my two beat friends outside of my . eown family circle. I never meet Archie without if him referring in some way to what he calls my t " miraculous introduction to Gladys." I can't i. persuado him that there was. nothig unusual n about it'; that this world is a very little one, r and that such events come about quite in the regular order of things; UYINUG EIIIRS TO THRONES. Writing with reference to the Czarina's visit to her invalid son,the Czarewitch, a contempor. try says : Europe's heirsanpparent seem to be in a very had way. In at least three of the great Powers the men who stand next by right of succession to the throne ifself are enfeebled from disease, and one is on the brink of the grave. In several other nations the princes next in line to the crown are sickly, and it is only by a careful suppression of the real truth that distressing rumpours are not enciroled about them. It is truly a most remarkable state of affairs. In tRustsa, George, Grand Duke and Czareviteh, is now dyihg of consumption, breathing painfully with but a aingle lung. Thn Czarevitch had a terrible fall from the maintop of a ship to the deck during the trip around the world of the three Princes (limself, the present Czar, and Prince George of Greece) in the summer of 1891. This fall seriously injured George's spine, and he had to diz continue his trip and return home. Then con sumption,a malady now hereditary in the family of the IRomanoffs, set in. In vain he sojourned in Athens and Algiers. Finally he settled down in the Caucasus. There was a pretty telegraph girl of Tiflis, Mile. Isch, whom (lGeorge ardently desired to marry, and probably did marganatic. ally. It was only upon the stern command a f his father, the Czar,that he finally gave her up. After the late Czar's death his condition grew rapidly worse. He expressed a strong desire to see once more the Palace of P'etrhof, where he had been brought up. The change of climate proved serious for him, especially as the Peterhof Palace at that time had fallen into an unsanitary condition. He then was taken to Denmark to visit his grandfather, King Christian. The climate of Denmark proved quite aa dangerous for him as the cold of northern Russia, ,That coosumption should have seiaed Prancoi Perdinand, who, since the death of Rfudolph, hae been the idol of the Austrian people, is remaikable,for his life has been a vigorous one. For years he has been an untiring officer in the Austrian Army, and noted for hil skill and endurance. He spends the days sittilg silently oin a tent pitched in a little garden on the Bay of Clgala. It seems to he general debility that Is grade ally sapping away the life of young Victor lImmanuel, Prince of Naples. Of late he has been cruising about the Levant in hopes of getting strength. Though very young-he was born Ia 183S--this prince has made himself a distingulshabd person in Italy. Ilia greatest popularity has been not among his own people but in the fortign olonies of Naples Untd IRome, where he has cut a wide swath among the pleasure-loving higher class of those merry Italian cities. If the remaining Cuontinental Rluyal failirs laluuuiiu..iinsaitimat .nuaua.aar.L.mai no heir to a throne in Eluope who is stronllg and lusty, anid gives ruomise of a vigorous reiAl after the presen.L ruler paesses away. '1 he pos. sible exrcectioln is l'rilce 1ioyal Augus.tu .i S~wedtll, a yuiII? Ilman ol 37 years of age, who has develouuieui II, vices and acqlllril IiIo Inindies. 'i'ii riece is an enoergetu', athiltic yolung anu has literary mtaest, sd will in ail 'koliielhood enioy a long ire. tFor ryeaee tiie King of tClo licailns, (;ircrge 1., has lureel lhe vijtiin of a diienrum ci ihe kid n ae'Hl e hetedt:y cuulUiuit, andihkeham Uio, Ou~rmifully visieed Als-le-lhinai or tveatmueot. 'T[ rl I' huli qullillLtitl thlt 'lillre Constanll. tiltr, his chluetL oli, in ill thn lllpioint otugrs ilf hliis diieisi., Iithtugh there ia nlltilllg verry mirhkeut or uueuious, us yiit. The huttlm Ciiiwii live Williun oi iiriumuuiy, ,1 if'ltn the Ini lltry cegini e Iis i thllma ?tic father, Wi'iliaul II , has Inde hiIII unlldergI, is co.tulhrlully del.lnet. IThough thie rhlest l that higi fmllvn of boy that rmakes IIII the iirst Ihouseluhul of (lerlianiy, this thilrtieni-yrer-oli fhal llt nilarly tile vital forue, lhe dashl anil Ills auilavlly tiiat ile brother nest ini age, Ilvie, losieeir. Ies i l a srleen l serciimei oii yiiug (irlllanyl, tall, vigiiorouus, iiandI strong o[ arn Isnd Irg, while youug W1Vliam is anlost weak and I y ihelde IIni, thin amd uilfeow chestedi nail easily tiei_, 