THE WEATHEB. Fine, but extremely cold, weather pre* vailed yesterday, a thick fog hanging over tbe city doling the earlier part ol the day. Our correspondents reported as follom :— PUNOBLAN, Tdmdat.— We have bad line Tery rongh, squally weather since Saturday, bat It has now cleared. The rain fall registered was 21u 10 points, AVOOA, Tuesday.— Tho river Is 2ft above the summer level, and is etUl rising _It-U!l.. ani,,. .-.II.., I- fl« FINGaL, Tdebdat.— The drought bai at last broken np, and we have been favored with splendid rains. MATHINNA, MOKDiT— A welcome and very severe ibaoderstorm. which was fol lowed by a very heavy downpour of rain, occurred hare last night. The thunder was aevere, and the heavy rains which fell will do a wonderful amount of Rood. Tbe minus were f€e'.lng the want of rain very badly. BOBN1B, Tuesday.— We bave been ex periencing some sjvere weather since Batnr d»T- A storm broke over the town at abont 1116 on that day and lasted for upwards of half an hour, daring which tbe »ln fell in torn tits aud the wind blew with banicane force, bnt strange to sav very lUtle damage was done apart from fences being blown down. Mr F. W. Wclla bad a chimney blown down and a shod somewhat damaged, and Mr A. Statterd's verandah to tbe dwelling-house w*a slightly damaged, and onmbers of treea blown down. The b.b. Aoa'ralla, whloh waa dua here from the Wtst Coast on Sunday, has not yet arrived, bticg detained by bad weather on the West Ooaat ; and the b.b. Graf ton, which shoa'd have called here from Devon port for Btrahan yesterday, did not turn up till early this morning. The weather con tlonea very touch overcast and cold, winter having begun in earnest The rain was needed by farmers in order to get land WKBTBUBV, TCH9DAT.— The weather for the past three days baa been very rough and cold. Very high winds prevailed through out Saturday night and Sunday, with a good snaking rain. On Sunday afternoon a thunderstorm, with some very vivid flaebce of lightning, passed over this district. Tbe wind, though very strong, did little, if any, damage to property here, beyond blowing down a few panels of old paling f enocB. The western ranges are capped witb enow, «d everything now points to tho early approach of winter, ? HOBABT, Tuesday.— The weather con tinue oold, with occasional heavy showers of rain, while snow is lying on tbe mountain, GAoueoN Parade— A special parade of tbe Laanceston Garrison for the purpose of practising for the Queen's Birtbday man oeuvres was held at tho bamoka last olEht, when deUcbm^nls were present from tbo Artillery Beximoat. Bine Begiment, and cadets, High Bchool cadet., and Grammar School cadets. The men fell in shortly before S under the command of Major Martin, the other officers present being Major Cell Ins, Oaptatr-B Elrkland, Harran, Gould, and|LleotenantB Perceval (adjutant), Crate, Obapmao, Eildra, and Heritage. Several movements were smartly executed by the men, among them being form square from line - and column and advancing In review order. Three rounds of ammunition were fired, and tho men dismissed before 10 o'clock. ' Hope.'— This Is the appropriate tide of the latest aBDOal rr port issued by tbe Sal vation Army In connection witb IU social work in Australasia. ' It is very attractively pot pp, interestingly written, well arranged, »nd profusely illustrated. The frontispiece Is a folding elBCOtyped picture of tbe Army's new social farm at the loot of tbe Dandenong xwDgea, oayawater, ana uie »ruauu wuik througboDt tbe booklet is of a blgh class. The institutions dealt with in tbe report have Assisted no leu than 8526 poreona daring the put year. Of thla number 1158 were women, 273 babes and children, 1939 men ex*oriminala, ont-o'-worka, etc., and IBS boys and glxia, tbe latter for tbe moat part Government wards. An interest ing adjunct of Army work U its enqnlry do p&rtmeot;, through whose ageney ever 800 mining Individuals were discovered oat of 1015 enquired for in 1696 Of tbe rescae and criminal oaaet, over £0 per cent, have turned oat well, and interesting eases In point are quoted in ' Hope.' Commandant Booth hu initiated a csmprebonsive scheme for tbe advance cf acclal work in these cilooies, and this is folly Bet «nt In tho volume. By the way, tbe Commandant is bimeell an author oi considerable literary mult, his latcFt production being ' Tbc lirewer's Ghost,' an excellently printed booklet, strikingly written,' dealing in n fanciful way with the drink question a affecting the brewer. This book, too, 1« well illustrated, and is qnito np to date from ft publisher's standpoint. 