THE CRIME ANT) THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. [ALL RIGUTS 'ISSERVED.] SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. The opening chapters of the story are narrated by Mr. Thomas Tennant, Lon don, Stock and Share Broker. Tennant, who is a good natured mall, but, irresolute in a crisis, is attacked by' an adventuress named Ellen Howth, while the two are travelling in a com partment on the London Brighton Railway. Tennant is acquainted with E'a;en'- career in the past, and the woman, fearful lest he should prove an awkard obstacle in her path, up braids him so savagely that he en deavours to leave the compartment while the train is in motion. She tries to prevent him, and in her struggle loses her grip on Tennant who has opened the door in his effort to escape--and falls out. A strong wind is blowing, and ere Tennant can recover from the first horror of the situation the door is violently slammed, the glass shivered, and the unfortunate mall's face badly cut. Instead of raising the alarm, the man's irresolu tion is his ruin. He remains terror stricken In the carriage until it reaches the nearest station, where he is confronted by an adventurer, who from the next compartment has over heard the quarrel between the stock broker and the woman who has, in reality, fallen out. This individual, who is a "blackmailer," has, it appears, been employed to trace out a missing heiress known as Louise O'Donnel, and he starts forthwith to make what capital he can by holding a veritable Sword of Damoclee over the head of the nerve-shaken Tennant. In suc ceeding chapters Reginald Town send, a handsome "man about town," is introduced, and it becomes apparent he is in some manner mixed up with the fate of the missing Louise O'Donnel. Tennant, horrified at the position in which he finds himself, en deavours to drown remembrance oat it in a round of gaiety, but his dissipa tion is beought to a termination by his seeing what he believes to be the ghost of the dead woman. During the illness that follows he confesses all to his devoted wife, who confronts and disconcerts the Importunate black mailer, who is constantly demanding "hush" money from her husband. The scene shortly afterwards turns to the meeting house of a number of aristo cratic scoundrels who have formed an institution called "The lturder Club," and Reginald Townsend is one of the leading lights. At the gathering Townsend relates the details of a mur der he has committed near the "Three Bridges" on the Brighton railway line, the motive being "the honour of the Club." In the meanwhile Tennant is arrested for murder, and the plot thickens.The interest now begins to be come centred in the doings of Reginald Townsend, who, despite his innate vil lainy, is in outward manner a very attractive man. He becomes engaged to Dora Jardine, an heiress, and for a time the story departs from the sur roundings of the unfortunate Ten nant, and an insight is given into the career of Townsend. The interest in the "Three Bridges Murder" becomes general, and all London is astir about it. A second meeting of the "Murder Club" is held, and Townsend is shown by Pendarvon, one of the members, a secret read of escape from the gather ing room should the police effect an entrance. The second drawing for"the honour of the Club" is made, and the murderous number is secured by Archie Beaupre. Then the scene changes to Archie's rooms, where a most graphic description of a gambling bout is given. Beaupre, who Is T"own send's rival for the love of Dora Jar dine, but less selfish than the arch villain of the story,subsequently makes an effort to induce the latter to have pity on the girl, and not link her to a man of his character. The effort, however, is unavailing. About this stage the reader is told by Mrs. Car ruth, the real history of the "Three Bridges Murder." This adventuress is the woman who had the altercation with Tennant in the railway carriage, and who fell from the train. She met Townsend the evening of the "Three Bridges Murder," and was, in fact, an eye-witness to the Louisa O'Donnel tragedy. Mrs. Carruth falls in love with the handsome blackguard, and the question is, will she denounce him for the sake of saving Tennant, against whom she nourishes some antipathy? She is aware Tennant could reveal her past career, did he know she was in the land of the living, and Mrs. Car ruth is anxious to obtain a footing in society by marrying Townsend. She determines to make Townsend marry her as the price of her silence, and the reader is next treated by her to a very dramatic description of the trial of Tennant. When the trial is con cluded, and Tennant is found guilty, the adventuress removes her veil, the condemned man recognises her; and in teresting developments follow. 