THE BREADTH OF A HAIR. a ? ' Hear ye! Hear ye! Hear ye! All persons having further businoss with this Circuit Court and Court of Oyer and Ter xniner will now draw near and give their Attention so as to be heard ! ' The crier stepped down, and the Judge's gavel foil thrice with short, sharp raps. Tho great trial was about to begin. From every corner of the spacious court-room anxious-eyed speotat ors poerod expootantly toward thn rrvmin nf n.p.tnrs. each of whom was soon to play his part in the life drama which began as a comedy and would pro bably end as a tragedy. Up in his lofty high-backed chair sat His Honor, with gold-rimmed eye-glasses and. generally distinguished appearance} he leaned over and made a remark to the sheriff, who nodded and replied. To the right stood the District Attorney in conversation with his associate. Back of this couple was tho object toward which tho curious gaze of tho throng was over directed' — tho prisoner. Those were no ordinary features which met tho curious gaze of the onlookers so firmly, and that was no ordinary figure who sat calmly surveying the scone with no indica tion of emotion or oven passing interest — a young man scarcely in his twenties, with the stature of an Apollo, expressive cold grey eyes and palo cheeks. Ho was in whispered conversation with his attorney, a stout littlo man with gray hair, after tho Wilkins Micawber style. A ripple of excite ment passed from mouth to mouth as tho spectators crowded oach other for a bettor view. 'What! that boy P' said one. 'Why, he's hardly out of his swaddling clothes. 'Yes,' responded his neighbour, 'but ho may bo old in crime. I don't like his face, It's too cold- hard.' Tho speaker scrutinised tho countenance before him with the oyo of a connoisseur who boasts of ability to detect the faintest shadow of temptation floating ethereally across the nether side of the experienced felon's heart. 'Too hard,' ho repeated, soliloquis ing, ' too hard !' There was a lull in the Babel of voices j the jury had filed in and taken their seats. For a moment the cloudless face of the defendant turned toward tho men into whose custody tho law had entrusted the balance of his being— life, death. He studied each face earnestly. Then came a brief pause, succeeded by reading of the indictment, which proceedings were inter rupted by the confusion caused by tho ejection of a drunken loafer from the crowd surrounding the doors, The read ing continued, and was followed by an in terval of profound silence, during which the prosecuting attorney arose and began his opening address to the jury. His state ment was brief and concise)) he was not a man of metaphors, ' ' You will observe, gentlemen,' he said, in the course of his remarks, ' as we pro ceed with this trial that the defendant is guilty of one of the most heinous and cold blooded crimes ever recorded in the annals of the jurisprudence of this country — a crime committed in a moment of perfect sanity, actuated by no hope of personal reward, inspired by no satisfaction of pri vate ambition, but resulting rather as the climax of a controversy so ordinary in its nature as to hardly cause in tho heart of a reasonable man even a tinge of acrimony, much less revenge. Fortunately, gentle men, there is in this case no conflict of evidence, such as usually obscures and renders more difficult a trial of this kind So, gentlemen, in reaching your decision you will be hampered by no doubt, troubled by no uncertainties. '? Wo will show you that on tho 20th day of Jxine, 18 — , one Lawrence Canell, the prisoner at the bar, registered as a guest at the Holden House, a small hostelry located in the village of Plymouth, in this country, having arrived on tho evening train. He was assigned a room, and a small hand-bag which ho carried was taken to Jus apart ment, according to his directions. He then seated himself in the office of tho hotel and called for stationery, which Avas furnished him. After having written several letters, he arose from his chair and was about to leave tho room, when a gentleman entered and, remarking that ho had just come from the station, enquired of the clerk if ho could secure lodging. The clerk replied that the last room had been secured, whereupon the defendant said, ' I will share my room with you, if you don't object.' The gentleman expressed his thanks, introduced himself as 'James Do Land,' and having lighted a cigar and offered the defendant one, the two men sat down in the rear of the ofllco directly within sight and hearing of the clerk, who all this time was tho only other occupant of the room. ' The clerk (Mr. Banks) will toll you that, after having conversed upon various subjects, the defendant alluded to the political situation, and expressed extreme sentiments in support of his opinions, which led to mild criticism on the part of his new acquaintance. One suggestion followed another until a heated discussion took place. At eleven o'clock the two wont to their room, still engaged in energetic conversation. Thomas Kingsley, the porter, will relate to you that, in obedience to orders from the defendant, he went with a pitcher of ioe-water to the room occupied by the two gentlemen, and that as he approached he hoard sounds of animated argument, together with exclamations of displeasure, which continued after he entered the room, and so long as he was within hearing, showing that the. two men wore in the midst of a controversy, These, gentlemen, are matters of fact 'and will ,bo proven. ' Wo will further show you by other witnesses that in the morning Do Land did not appear, nor could he be found. Upon being questioned, the defendant persisted in declaring that ho knew nothing of Do Land's departure — doggedly denying all knowledge of his whereabouts. ' The occurrence was of such an unusual nature that it was reported to the local authorities, who proceeded to an investiga tion. De Land's hand-bag was found, par tially open and covered with blood, near tho bed where he had placed it on the previous night. The carpet near the bed was spat tered with blood, and clots were upon the pillows and covers. Furthermore, drops of blood were discovered leading from the door of the room through the corridor, down a flight of stairs in the rear of the building and to a stream which flows past the out houses. At this point was a largo pool of blood. Some six yards further down the stream, a hat, which was identified as that worn by De Land, was found caught in some overhanging shrubs. ' These, gentlemen, . are the principal facts in this case. Are they not enough ? Is thnre need of more conclusive proof P Can there exist a shadow of a doubt in any rational mind, gentlemen of the jury, when we shall have proven those facts, as to the guilt of the defendant ? Excited by the criticism which his fanatical opinions had elicited from the lips of De Land, the de fendant fell upon him and succeeded, either by tho aid of a weapon or by brute force, in overcoming his victim, and having rendered him insensible, he calmly carried his in animate body and deposited it in the water, whore the swift current bore it away. In the name of right and humanity, the people of this State call upon yon to punish this atrocious and terrible crime, that the blood of an innocent man may bo avenged. Their voice is the voice of a multitude, which arises like a mighty tumult and clamours that justice shall bo dispensed, that tho punishment shall fit tho crime and that Lawrence Canell be made to suffer the full extent of the law for tho murder of James De Land on the 20th day of June, 18—.' The District Attorney resumed his seat amid the deepest silence, He busied him self with his papers. Tho defendant had again turned, and was speaking with his counsel. He smiled calmly as ho observed the movements of the District Attorney. The latter presently said : ' The firBt wit ness for the prosecution will be Sideon Banks.' The crier's voice rang out : ' Is Sideon Banks in court ?' A middle-aged gentleman, whose promi nent features were a sot of red ' Burn Bides,' came from tho end of the room and mounted the witness stand. In answer to the Attorney's questions he said he was clerk at the Holcten House. He recollected distinctly the occurrences upon the night of June 20, Ho identified the dofendant, and recited the history of the case more in detail, but substantially as tho District Attorney had done, The cross-oxaminatio.i was a prolonged, a clever, bub unsuccessful attempt to confuse tho witness, and he was finally dismissed. Tho next witness sworn was Thomas Kingsley, the porter. Ho corroborated the statements of the District Attorney as to his knowledge of tho affair. His manner was so aggressive that the defendant's counsel had occasion several times during the cross- examination to rebuke him, 'A prosecution,' said the counsel, ' is not necossa.rily a persecution.' But tho evi dence remained unaltered. As the witness left the stand, the excite ment of the spectators demonstrated itself by frequent ejaculations and whispered conversation here and there. Jousten Porus, tho sheriff of the county,' was next called. Ho 'testified that he had conducted the examination at the Holden House, He was the one also who found tho hat of the missing man. An argu ment between the attorneys took place at this point regarding the admission of this evidence, James King, M.D., a corpulent gentle man, , whose .voice reminded one of Sohu b'ort's Serenade in B flat major, took the stand, tie swore that ho was the coroner. He had investigated every feature of the case, and was prepared with a whole arsenal of medical phrases and terms of the profession. Tho cross- examination revealed the fact that, while this ' expert ' could detect without diflioulty tho dif ference between the blood corpuscles of a human being and those of other animals, he could not ostimato tho specific gravity of tho pancreatic juico. He swore that the blood discovered at tho Holden House was human blood. Tho District Attorney conferred with his associate, and then announced that the people would rest. . Tho court took a recess. The first witness called by the defence was the prisoner himself. After the usual preliminary questions, the counsel asked : ' Do you recollect the night of the 20th of Juno last P' ' I do, sir, distinctly.' 'Whore were you that night P' 'Ileft Bolton City at five o'clock and arrived at the Holden House in Plymouth at eight o'clock.' ' State what occurred at tho Holden House after you arrived.' Tho witness related what took place up to the time of his going to bod with De Land, verifying tho statements of tho other witnesses. ' Had you ever known Do Land previous to this meeting?' ' I had not.' 'Did the conversation upon political subjects, which you say you had, continue attor you reached your room ?' 'It did.' ' And when did it stop ?' ' As soon as wo Avere in bod.' ' About what time was that.' 'Nearly half-past eleven.' ' State to the jury what else, if anything, occurred after that.' ' That is all I recollect, sir. In the morning when I awoke Do Land Avas not in the room ; I supposed he had arisen and gone down stairs. I dressed, and, after eating my breakfast, prepared to depart.' ' Well P' ' The sheriff mot mo at tho door and took mo into, custody.' ' Is that all you know of tho affair P' ' Positively all.' Tho District Attorney smiled ? com placently, Avhilo a murmur of contempt passed from mouth to mouth. In the face of these demonstrations tho Avitness sat unmoved, with erect head. The District Attorney rose sloAvly to cross examine. ' So you Avero discussing political affairs, eh P' Tho witness assented. ' It was a rather heated argument, wasn't it?' ' Wo were both very much interested.' ' Well, now, Canoll, when you 'arose in the morning did you notice any blood spots on the carpets or anywhere in the room ?' 'When tho officers took mo to the room they pointed out tho spots.' 'And isn't it a fact, sir, that in order to leave the room in tho morning you were obliged to pass directly oyer the place whero the blood avrs P' 'Yes, sir.' ' And do moan to swear that in Avalking to tho door you1 did not see blood P'' 'I do, sir.' The counsel glanced knOAvingly afc the jury. ?:..;?-,? ' Well, now, Oanell, from tho time you arose till the time Avhen you prepared; to depart from the hotel you nay you did not see De Land P' 'Yes, sir.' . . ? . ', ' Did you make any inquiries concerning his whereabouts during that time P' 'I—no, sir,' 'That is all,' , . ? . . ' I have one more question,' said the defendant's lawyer, rising, ' is your eye sight good ?' ' No, sir, I have suffered from astigmatism for years.' Several witnesses wore callod to testify to the previous good reputation of the accused. Tho defence closed. The address of tho dofondant's counsel was a magnificent effort. Tho charge of tho Court was neutral and briof. The jury filed out amid opprossivo sileuco. During the proceedings the prisoner had maintained tho stoical indifference which characterised his demeanour at first. Ho dis played now no ovidonco of anxiety, aud when after 20 minutos had olajjsod, ho showed no signs of oven passing interest. Tho clork of tho Court rose. ' Gontlomoa of tho jury, have you agreed upon your verdict P ' ' Wo have,' ropliod tho foreman. ' What say you, gontlomon, is tho prisonor at tho bar guilty or not guilty ? ' ?? Guilty.' A murmur of applause camo from the sx- ectators. Tho prisonor smiled. # # # # # # . . * Two men sat in tho 'smoker' of a train conversing over their ciga'rs. ' Spoaking of adventures of that kind,' remarked one, ' reminds mo of an ex perience I once had. I was ono day callod on professional business to Kingstown, and in order to reach that city from my home in tho western part of the Stato, I was obliged to chancfo oars at a small town up the lino called Plymouth. Owing to delay I was compelled to remain over-night at the latter place. Having arrived late, I went 'immediately to tho hotel, where I occupied a room jointly with a younjjf follow, who smoked my cigars and talked anarchy. After going to bod I suddenly reinomborod that, having made my toilet hastily before leaving homo, I had for gotten my pooket-book. I had used all the change in my pocket in purchasing a ticket. This worried mo. Finally, how ever, I fell asleep. Early the following morning I had a severe attack of nose bleed, I arose, and aftor dressing left the room and wont to tho rear of tlio building, where was a stream of water ; there I succeeded in stopping the hemorrhage although I lost my hat in doing so. It occurred to me that I would save myself considerable embarrassment by not returning to the hotel, as I had no money with which to settle my bill; so going directly to the station, I awaltod my train and proceeded to my destination. Subsequently I enclosed the amount of my bill at the hotel and forwarded it to tho proprietor without explanation. I've often wondorod how he regarded thomanucovro,' The speaker paused, attracted by the peculiar expression on his companion's face. 'What the devil's tho matter with you, man ? Yoii'ro paler than a ghost.' The other's lips trembled a little. ' Oh, nothing) you see, I am the' District Attorney for- — county. A year ago I prosecuted aud convicted a man for murdering youi I am on^ my way to his execution now, he swiugs in — let me see ' — aud ho looked at his watch — ' two hours and twenty minutos— I — I — am glad 1 mot you, sir.' — Exohanye, 