A GREAT VIROHG OR, THE .1E.YSTJ YIgI' OF i, L JT.ICI LrOLLO W GRAXNGE \--- --- *·*m ------ CHAPTER XVIIL--oaCuTINu a. " Well, Donsid, what news do you bring l" questioned Doctor Nugent from the little table where he was busily engaged preparing powders fcr Ambrose, who lay in the ad. Joining chamber, not dead, but utterly un. conscious. Donald sat down, and began to rub his horn v hands above the blazing hearth. " lad enough news, doctor," he replied. "They couldn't find the less, Isabel, and the squire diedl yesternight, just after thle dalk." "'Oone is he ? Well, I kuew be'd never rally again, when I left the house," the doce. teor answered. " Lord bless us, Donald, what a power of mischief tlhese fair-faced, rattle. brained girls bring about I" "Ay, ay, sir I" responded Donald, hear tily. "If that girl lhad remained at home. in stead of running off to her rain, poor Mhel ville would be a!ive to-day." '" And to think of Ambrose, my poor, hand. some lad." thle mother.began to whimper, "as might have been her husband this morning-" "Hush I" interrupted Donald, sternly. "D'ye want such a rash girl for the lad's wife, dame ? Better for him to be lying as he is than yoked to the likesof her. Do you think the lad'll get oever it, doctor ?" the father continued, his vir.oe unstea ly. "CertainyI he will. Who ever heard of a broken arm, and a cracked cranium, and a cracked cranium, and a st.b or two, killing a big six-footer like Ambresel IHe'll rous nup after a bit. Now, I'd:give a pretty penny to get at the bottom of this mystery. What Cuold have been going on at the olt manor I And vwhat took Amhrose thlere tlhat night I" Donald shook his head, andt his wife whis. eno.I in an awed voice : "The manor's haInted, doctor, and it were all alight the night o' Ambrose's wed ding. The murdered lady comes back-" " Poohl I pooh I you silly woman I There was something Iesides ghosts at the manor; it took tesh, and blood to give the lad them ugly holes in his side. Ilow dlid the old place look this morning, Donald-was all quiet ?" "Allquiet, sir," replied the seaman, ad. ding,in a sort of awed whisper, "but the dog's there yet." Thie doctor wheeled in his chair. "There yet? Well,.now, Donald, that's confounded strange I What can keep the beast up there 7" Donald shook his hIead again, with grave solemnity. "Tbhat I can't s-a, dodtor,~ he Yepiied. '* but there be is, ani there he'll stay, inspite of you. Didn't we fetch him home yester day,and hack he went like a flash I He was on the-terraeo as I camn- by-;anod whenB - called to him he rave a cry that was human Ile'a'dunaodoentsing, doctor-there's no mis. take about tlet I" "Found what, man Wasn't the old hoose searched yesterday I I was over there myself. It was as empty as a drum ; not even a stray ghost in sight." "So they told me; but the dog found something all the same. I have every conf. drnce in that dog. Somewhere, in that old house, there's a human creature hi, ''m sure ef it." "Father ?" It was the voice of Ambrose tha,, alled. Donald leaped to his feet as if a bullet had struck him, and made for toe adjoining room, followed by the doctor and his wife. Ambrose weas sitting up in bed, a look of sager intelligence on his white, haggard face. "What was that you were saying abouet the dog. father?" he asked, as Donald reached him. "Is he watching at the old manor I" i That'u It, lad,"' replica tle tattler, ray. leg his hand upon his Ihead, lwhile his rugged frame shook with repressed emotion; , the dog's up there. But my son, I am glad to sea you getting better." The mother fell on her knees by tne bed, and began to weep noisily, while the doctor proceeded to mix a composing draught with all possible speed. "Yes, father, I'm gettineg better," Ambrose continued. "How long have I beet sick 1 Howdid I get home ? I can't qoite remem ber." "We found you up there, dead, as we thought, and fetched you home, my lad," sobbed Donahl. "Yes, yes-you found me at the manor, you mean. There, father, pray don't worry, father, I'm all right. How long since you found me-" "'Twas yester morn, Ambr'so--Wednes. day morn." "And this is Thursday Yes; and the dog'sthere yet 2" "There yet, Ambrose." "Here, you drink this.yonng man," inter. posed Doctor Nug.nt, proferrine hisdraught, "andlie back uoon your pillows and keep your body quiet, and your tongue, too I" Ambrose swallowed the draught, but did not follow the little doctor's advice. " Doctor, am I much hurt ?" he asked. " \\\'ell, quite seriously; but I'll have you on your feet in a fortnight-" "Nonsensel Imust go out to-day, at once I" The doctor only laughed. " Father," said the young man, turning his haggard face toward Donald, "get ouat the sleigh and harness Bl?ack Bess. I must go up to the Haunted Manor, at once." The father shook his head disapprov. ingly. "I must go," Ambrose continued "to satisfy my own eyes-to see what thedog bhas found. Teere was a woman there," his white face flushingswiftly. "I heard her. She may be there now, father. I must go and see I Vl'l you go with me ?" "A woman 1" shrieks the dame, wringing her hands. " II's seen the murdered lady's ghost. Oh, mny poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place on his wedding night, and cheated of his bonny bride." "Silence I" commands the doctor, sternly. "Not a word more, if you value his life. Youug man," he Continues, "if you're not a lunatic, you won't talk of leaving your bed in a week, much less leaving the house. The ihaunted manor was searched yesterday by tie proper authorities, and not a soul found. Doubtless you were decyed into a trap of some sort." "Spare your words, doctor, please," smiles the young patient, "and mix me a strencoth. ening draught like an obliging fellow. Hers mother, help me into my clothes; and, father, hurry with the sleigh, will you 7 Gr:cious heavens," he goes on, leaping sud denly out of bed, and standing tall and re.o. lute nd bhaggardin their midst; "a day and a night I've been lying herealready, and she may be dead or tying I For mercy's sake, father, be quick." " Do the best you can for him, doctor," whispers Donaht, as he goes out to harness Block Bees. "There is not a bit of use op posing him; he'll go1 if he crawls on his hands and knees." "M ere fool he," growtl the doctor;pro. ceedinc to prepare the draught. " I wash my hands ,f the whole business. Neverthleless, being a humane and obliging man at heart; when he finds that his pa. tient really will go, Doctor Nugent accom panies him. "'Tis a judgment sent upon me and him for the wickednes 'l've done," moans the wife of Donald,standing in the cottago door, as Black Bess starts oft, all her silver bells ringing a merry peal. "Look at him now, my handsome lad, that I thought to see Isa bel's husband, well nigh murdered, and his brain crazed, and it the work of them wicked souls as haunt the old manorl 'Tis-a judg ment on me; but Ican't tell. I can't break Donald's heart, and he a happy man so many years. I've kept the secret so far, and I'll carry it to my grave." "Look I there's the dog on the terrace steps," cries Donald as they reach the main gate. Ambrose leans forward and watches the aalmal as he comes flying-dawui-tomeet them. "What t! it, my good dog ?" he callBs, At s50inll or ll masrters r o!e tne noegges into ecstoio, leapline upon the seat, anud heking the young mni's iain.ls. then witll a .ihd, i(ctliar cry he is off again in the di •rectlan of the manor. " We msnt fotinw him, father," saiys Am brose, litj I1. 'rGive me your han:d--li'm Very stilt ,tn(d Bore." " You'll find yourself worse than stiT, b'sy, tomorrow," grumbies. thie doctor,-as Donald atnistl (is ison; "and no one to blame but yourself." Ambrose only smiles in his quiet, reso lute way, and, fastening I:ack Pss tonpost, the three go on abreast, folowing the dogs loot!. As they reach the terrace the little doctor looks up with some awe at the gray front of the silent house. He does no: relish the unldertakiig at all thowugn he ftels none of ie superstitious dread that curiles Donald's blotd. "We shall tfind olrselvesin a nestof thieves or couuterfeiterr. and get our heads smashed for our rashness," he mutters. BDt Amhbrose takes no heed, and they go ou. Straight into the manor, down the the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty stairs the doe leads, leaping on with wild, frantic barks that seem frouogt with human entreaty. The oln house is as silent as a tomb, as cold and as cheerless under ito winding sheet of snow. Not a sound greets them, not even a stray mouse crosses their way. Up the silent stairs, on and on down the dreary length of t::e long corridor, until they reach the oil libhrary.room. which opens into the black idraped ante-chamber. Ambrose follows the dog with steady, resolute steps, though his face is awfully wohite and his breathing sharp and short, and his father and the doctor follow him. In the library, where the dust-laden ilor is stainIi hIerne ,nl there with drops of blood, the dlog pauses, with a long, wild cry, then be leaps into the ante-room and disap. peers. The three men follow him breathlessly, and fiudi him "uder the tattered black arras ecratching at the solid oaken panels. "WhVat is it, my good dog?" cries Ambrose, tearing away the somber drapery, his face tushing with eager excitement. The poordut'bh creature tries hard to tell. He leaps to his master and caresses him, and then throws himself against the panels, tittering plaintive cries. "There's some creature hid about here," remarks Donald. "Ay, father," Ambrose answers, "that there is. Itee, my good dog, where is he Show me where." The dog throws himself against the central panel with wild force and frantic crtes. "The dog's mad,"growls Doctor Nugent * " and you are as white as a Chost, Ambmrose. Come away, Donald; we'vc had enough of this folly." "t--o if you li?cdbctor," Ambrose ansers, curtly. "I shall remain. Father, can there be a secret passage anywhere here, think you? Some of these aid borderedwellings had them, yottknow " .- "I never heard of one in this house," Donald replies, tapping on the oaken hoards. "Then, what does the dog mean, father?" Donald shakes his head, in dire per plexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine thepanels, every crack, and joint,and crevice; hut to no purpose. His broken arm and wornded limbs sain him terribly, and he begins to grow sick and dizzy; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. "I wish we had an axe," Ambrose says; "I'd burst these panels in. There must be something behind them. Suppose you let me rest a bit, father, and you drive over to Do. tiam's and get an axe I Dotham will come with you, too, and he's a stout fellow. I wish you would, father I" Doctor Nugeut gives utterance to an ex. clamation, that we will refrain from record. ing, andt stalks out of the black curtained ante-room, in high indignation; but Donald, who has indulged and obeyed his handsome son all hia life long, answers hesi. tatingly : '" if I thought you could bear it, Ambrose; but you look so white and ill-" " I can bearit,father-my will always was the strongest part of me," the young man cries. " Keep me in suspense and doubt, and I'11 go into a brain fever before midnight. I must get at the bottom of this-you'll go, father, to oblige mel" Donald turns to go, but he is barely out of the room when a sharp exclamation from his son causes him to hurry back. " Good heavens, father I look here I" the young man cries, his fingers on a tiny steel spa1k imbeddted in the solid oak. "Can this thing be a secrec spring'" As he speaks he presses on the shining point with all she might that excitement has lent him; and Io I with a sharp click the spring moves, and the oaken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which looks to the amazed eyes of Donald like the mouth of the bottomless pit. Toe dog leaps upon his master with frantic cries of joy. Ambhroe strokes his head, but it is a full mninute before he can speak,so great is his excitement. " You are nght, my brave dog,"nhe gasps at last; "you haven't led us here for nothing I Heavens, how black it is below therel Shout, father; perhaps someone will answer. I can't command my voice yet." Donald drew near the aperture, hi5 face white and awed, his knees shaking under him. "Halloo I Who's below there?" he shouted, lustily. A minute of breathless silence, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer. Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry of triumph. "Father, did you hear it ! A humsnvoice -a ? ,omans' voice. It is she. F'or Heaven's sake, let me go down quick. Only think, she has been down there a day and a night. Let me go l" "Ambrose, are you mad?" cried his father, attempting to hold him back. But the young man half beside himself in his. eagerness and excitement, eluded his grasp, and leaped through the aperture, into what hefancied to be a sort of passage that would lead him to a dsecending stair. way. But the instant his feet touched the dusty flooring beyond, there was a sort of rasping ounol, and swift as thought, as if by the woroing of some unearthly magic, the solid foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap- door, on which he stood, shot rapidly downward, hurling him headlong into the black pit below. CHAPTER XIl. LIdH FELLOWSHIP BaEGETS hOVE. The Highland storms had blown them. eelCer out; and on the bills where the snows were melting, and in sheltered moorland nooks, where the fitful sunshine fell, the tender green of springing grasses could be teen, In the old cottage-home, with the bleat ing lanibs and the kids about its dooa?rsam. brose Cerhart still lay, weak and powerless as a babe, Very near unto death had hebeen-so near, that those who loved him best,had kissed his white lps, as they believed, for the last time, and shed team of bitter agony over his unconscious head. Yet he still lived, and the early spring sunshine, streaming through the casement. fell tenderly on his worn face and clusteriua hair. \Whebther the genial influence of the yellow sunbeams, or something more subtle. penetrated his stunned senses, we know not; nut his-eyes slowly opeerd, and waudered from one object to another, with a sort of childish wistfulness, resting at last upon the face of the woman who s4t watching beside his pillow, h Tue sick man's weary eyes reposed upon this face, illumined asit was by the glory al the setting sun, and to him it seemed the faet of an angel. -Tacrough mli~is-ho ccrt-nbire-rcp-t-hii sweotpre?.nce had been near him; whenthe vary death agony clutehed his heaer ande hi" feet toiuchedl tIle brink of the chill river,thi, woman a tendvr touchi had lured him back to lic; thu soft ireat of her smilinr ltUaLi, othe dline pity oi slIr tedllar eyes, ha t o.oue .l aadi btrengthened him, even oin his uaoiciousuaess. He looked up at iter, ashe lay there feeble taid pos'erleao, and tae light of a love that €.as ,nsahle?s kindled ir. his eyes. He -pout--·rtu _Ais_.haaeL_ ? ?.ontouel bepte alfec e. SYou are a strauger; I do not even know yoor nam,' he wkisperod. "blut your face is like an angel's. I tniak ye .: presence oas soaved my lile. \VII you sy~uki to leou" Snue started from her sve,, a lovely flush flaming in her ceceks. "Tuoan Heaveoul" she cried, bending above his pillow, her sweet eyes swimming with tears, that smile upon herswoet moutu which a woman gives only to the man she loves once and for ever. "You will live 1" " I shall live. You have raved me." " Nay, say not so,"her sil:ken touch upon his forehead, "it wosyou who .uaved my hife aad risked yourown-well.nigh losnt .. It was your presence on that stormy night that. frigbtened off my enemies, and gase ile tile opportunity to escape. But I will not thank yons ti, yonu are too weak to hear me. Drink this and sleep." He drinks the draught she proffers, and with her soft fingers on his brow amid his hair, he falls asleep, utterly oblivious of all things, of the whole world save this one sweet woman and the love he bears her. Miss Lenore they call her in Donald's household, and as yet she has toil them no thing of her life or the men who treated her rwith such fiendish inhumanity, and ab sorbed as they have been in their solicitude for Ambrose, they have not cared to ask. For weeks she hab lived in the fighlan-d cottage, shut in from the worll and all her troubles by the white circle of the Scottish hills, dreaming a sweet dream, learning for the first time in all her proud life that lea. son which sooner or later comes to every woman, the lesson of love. Miss Trevethon, the proud belle of Lon don, the brilliant heiress whom no man could win, sits beneath the peaked roof of the Highland eottage, her eyes luminous with an infinite tenderness as they rest upon the white, pain-worn face of this man, who has served her, and saved her life, and won her woman's heart-won it, too, with. out the asking, and he the son of a sailor and a goat-herd, and she the descendant of "a hundred earls." Her cheeks flame and her proud bosom swells as some such thtought crosses her brain, and she rises quickly and descends to the kitchen, where the mother of Ambrose is busy with preparations for the evening She looks up with ratter a sullen brow at Miss Trevethon's entrance. She is a good, kirndlly creature, this dlark-browed Highland - dame, but she cannot forgive this fair, patri cian lady, who has been the cause of so much trouble. Blut for her, instead of lying at the door of death, all maimed and crip pled, Ambrose might be the happy husband of little Isabel. She looks up, sda hna unsmiling. but she drawz forwar! the best -airand promffesit to her guest. "Sit down, Miss Lenore, if ye won't mind the smell of the cooking; and there's the papers. Donald fetcLed 'em from the post town, a while ago; a heap of 'em there is. He were an oncommon reader, the poor lad, and laid out every spare penny for the papers, and now he may never Itak at 'em again, and they're a-lying here for him. It is hard to bear." Lenore sits down, an unwonted flush on her cheeks, a tender brightness in her eyes. " Yes, it is bard, i know, for a mother's heart to bear," she answers, softly: ' yet I think you may take hope now, for your son is surely better. He spoke to me a minute since, and I left him in a sweet sleep." The mother glances up from the venison steak she is preparing, her brow still clouded. Ambrose has spoken to her, this pretty, dainty creature I Even if he lives, ha will surely iearn to love her, and she will lure him into foreign lands. And he might have wedded little Isabel, and lived and died amid his native hills. These are the bitter thoughts that till her mind as she cuts the red. juisy steak. Meanwhile Lenore unfolds the papers and glances over them listlessly. Ifer heart is not with the great, gay world she has left, but with the man who lies under the peaked roof overhead. Glancing carelessly a startling announce ment catches her eve. It comes under the head of" Marriages in High Life," and an nounces to the proud Belgravian world, and to all others concerned, that Miss Lenore Trevethon, the beauty, the belie, the heiress, was privately married, in compliance with her own wish, to Richmond Trevethon, son and heir of her guanrdian, Sir Geoffrey Treve thon, of Lyndish Hall, awl the happy young couple have gone to Rome for their honey moon; and thence for an indefinite tour,the bride's precarious and failing health requir ing the balm and warmth of snuthern isles and tropical seas. She reads this, her cheeks whitening, her blue eyes flashing darkly, her proud heart heaving. But in one swift moment heremo tion passes. 'What does it matter ? Even this cannot move her, so great is her present content. She will let her vengeance rest; she will bide her time. Even if she were cut off forever from her name and her birth. right, it seems a light grievaneCo in the gloryifying rapture of hernew joy. She nus. derstands the old phrase, "All for love, and the world well lost." She throws the-paper aside,-her-eycs growing mistily tender, as she looks up at the mother of the man who has suffured so much fur her sake. "He is better," she repeats with a strange girlish timidity ; "and, thank Heaven, I am sure he will live now. It would have been endless misery to me if he had died. I owe him such a debt of gratitude I could never have known another peaceful hour if harm had come to him. " Ay, it would have been bitter it he had died," reoeats the peasant woman. " It is bitter enough as it is, to see himon his hack, all crippled for life, perhaps, and he is in the prime of his youth and strength, and to think it was his weddin..night when he was de. coyed to that awful Haunted Manor." Miss Trevethon felt all the blood in her body surging in a fiery torrent to her heart. "His wedding-night," she said, her voice faltering. "Ay, his wedding-night, and his bride the prettiest lass in the county, oud bringing him a snug dowry besides." Miss Trevethon rises to her feet, white to the lips, despite all her dauntless pride and self-command. In all her life, in her direst peril, when she crosched in that black, reek ing tomb, with a linerering death her only hope of rdscue, she felt no such pain,no such dumb despair as she now feels. But she sets her white teeth hard and clenches her hands. She will die rather than betray her weakness. (To-auo . - - - 