j ... .. STARTING LIFE. ; j u., aeorr the First Situation. u girl decides, from choree or neces Joiii the army of bread-winners, the \---p is to become qualified, to do so. Let iWofa special line be carefully- and ih t usideved, and then abide by that p My,'.'Oh, 1 em do almost anyt hing. 'uo it is to be regretted ; for one :> certain—success rarely attends- -a ■ 3 «lw tushes from that to this, and from •■-tliiit. The longer one follows a par- . -tine, .the,more valuable becomes the -*> ®d the labor is performed with «®tion. 1 have become competent to oiler : -rum in some line, do not be afraid You need not expect to .sitat home, -,t ga(j(l position' come and find you. j . "J'Hiswcr an advertisement in person, j • don't wait until somebody fclse has \ •ol tie vacant post. Wlien you'do so,' .1 • "<av all your best clothes ; they.-will j /"U the position. Do riot beg for, a ti I ^-'"iscnably independent, but don't over t- ! « own abilities: have secured ji situatioii-thc-first-. . ,=?«! must make up your mind to do is \- [Dnctunl. Let nothing you can'control ^ Jfroiii being in time. There can, be' or atrs" about this rule; a stated . your time belongs" toj'.yo.uT/eiW" '■ Jiiil you owe it to yourself to give that j %ides, the habit of punctuality will IjJ?'^e value to yourself in many ways, i j.,or®' l'lfcisuve to your friends., ' . Scndpiice, we all know, is fast beconi \ 4 Jna:l'iient;Ll principle iivthis country, , Mimes there can be too jrtucli of any Ji ;s qUj^e possible to. be too , tliVis becoming'- ungracious— polite. Politeness always, pays. A '"tsimle and a bright ".Good morning" ji.," in!5, ftri(l, besides.the pleasure they T-usually;voi-y good policy in ahyjvalk ^ ,, H.lay difficult to be pleasant &,|i6 circumstances, but self control is ■ K'tsunal value, and a gentle woman \ gentle.us≥ b rvvho enters business life must loam | jy'thout note what may'be termed i i V(', jUy',0'"1" K,,1»a)i'.s personal appearance is h::;-V»er favor or against her. Neat i'^L, J. '^ifi and carefully-kept finger j*Uvn Unos that denote refinement-, and |w t\;nVfle'lns an indication of vanity. Do ferd lme moinent that a busy em j!t:rj?/>es n°t notice such things; he cer | v_" es' Dress becomingly always,'for . that is a duty ever}' woman owes to herself and to those about her ;1 bur. dress appropri ately for .yourbiisines^. Showy attire',. jewel lei-y, and furbelows are entirely 6ufc<if place in an office, for instance.• •. • ; • OX TEE TRAILING AND EDUCATION • ; •- OF CHILDREN. ; ;,r I So far as possible a love of Nature should'' be early and continuously inculcated. Nature is; in a physical sense^-tho father and mother of us all,anda child that grows up,to maturity with a genuine love of rocksjind trees,flowers and insects,, animals and plants, storms and ' sunshine, cold and heat, fresh air 011 the ocean w-in-e ; of .every, varying hmdscape and. mood nature, arid all Hie ■ activities around us, "stands not only abetter chance of possessing, a wealthy nervous sysfcui;; but of maintaining' it I during life,1 'thai! if the opposite has beeii_ thjecase. am not at all in-sympathy with' any system of education* whicli takes children fay away from,Nature. Nature is a.book,, a grpat library-of books, whoso authorship is thp Infinite. Our little, works, our libraries, vast and valuable as they are, .cannot be com pared-with it.They.are.poor.transcripts :afc bestof the thoHghts-of-half- developed human beings.*—Dr. M. L. Holbrook: ' ; It is an evidence of:the advance, of know l©4ge that the wise parent to-dav studies the child and measures -his physical development byi the physical standards that science lias established '1 'He keeps himself familiar Svitli thfe befsfc'lrhciwl6d'g£.' Foods are no longer con- ' sidered merely the natural provision to meet' the demands-of hunger,-;but as the remedies, ' the protection; the substitutes provided or mdet. the physical rieeds of eacli'body. .This; is bne-of the i'esiilis-of child study. Preco-' ciq'usness;' rt^d$.tuj;idity';ire 2-egarded as synip1* toils, "dnd1 no longer as the «tuse: of pride to shjime.1 The physical causes lire studied-.v -If thp child is stupid, his-sight, his hearing, mrty be at fault. If lie does not spoil, an efiorfc is made to discover whether he is tone deaf. If he'grows . tired quickly, common sense seeks to discover whether his chair and his desk are suited to his height. If he is irritable, it becomes a question of food. If lieidoes not develop physically, it becomes a qubstion of exercise and nutrition. The temple of' the Holy Ghost is considered wcjrthy of the best care and intelligence that time and education have developed.—The Oiiilouk. : HOW TO MARRY THE GI CvLS. It is not v'ei-y difficult to marry off our daughters, writes Mrs. Rentoul Esler in the' LAdijtiJiailm, provided wo set about it in the ngftt way. First, the girl—we take them in! turn—must never be all" wed to realise the object in view, or instantaneously she will; revolt, will think cruel things of her m;jtch:inakingmamma, and willrenaerherself veiy unpleasant to every man whoapproaches her. : It may be salutary, on the contrary, to indicate to her the various careers open to celibate women, so as to find out which of th&se;she would fancy. The next step is to take the conceit out of her without wounding hei' unnecessarily or unduly. The easy, pampered ;life of., the- average girl in com fortable cirenmstances'tends to foster conceit ovienniii. !The latter is a serious drawback to i-i girl's attractiveness; the former is fatal; I it jnay be forgiven in a great beauty, but it J will not' be; forgotten,..1 and Svith'; thne^the votfndis'ttiiiflfct&l;/ will li;6avengcRl1''To tier .attractive' argLil^shoiild "be iiatural, and her •injdividutiHy .^iiouid^ke {'oheyisl^oi'I,:iv^fclHri limits. The girl, who 'possesses 'a gay originality of iier own-has a charm far be yond that of* beSiflky- Should she lack .-.tllis, then her special aptitude should be cul tii-ated, ;as ,fnr i*s it, will jOxtend. The jprl. m^io .tloes, any thing .well^singSj or t fetches, ,,ot rides, or rows^pr, is gyen go}o£ iijt games-' ?s certain to find herself in sympathy with ,'sqine one "some tinie^'when- thc'girlTvho does a (little of everything, and. has'rio individual tasbes?. iuid:no; personal, taleuts, will; prove iil'osome. Intercourse is essential ,40 ipar-t |ijilifcy. .. Where intercourse' bet\ve6ri|young , men and young women, is easy, the way of tlje ma tcli making'mothermay be as pleasant as a path of roses. .' <j COOKERY- •< . i i The Queen's i Soup.—To nmtoh Vfonnula l'cjcentlypublished for a soup much, esteemed ;by the German Emperor;is one thatris.said 'to be a'favorite-'of the Queen; and is'fre ■ ;jiiently' servecl, at ] Windsor..' Haif:tt-pqutid • ,o| pomi barley- gently1 for an houv-and a-half.in three pints of veal 'stock ; a third of the compound (is-then transferred to another soup-pot, while.the. remainder is put through' a sieve { the two portions-are then united, a half- pint of- cream and-a jjinch of salt are added, and the soup, when very hot, isj ready to serve. . . I Norman Soup.—Put a knuckle of veil into four quarts of cold water with a quart of -button 'onions, and boil gently foritwo'liouts; Then 'cutriig into it.half a'loaf bf:bread and 1 cjok .for' an-' hour-and-iirhalf_iongei\\_L Then take out the meat, scrape it all from the bone and .cut it fine, and press the, broth, bread, and onions .through a sieve. Then rub together a tablespoonful -of butter or oleomargarine with two tablespoonfuls of flour until quite smooth, and stir this into a quart ■ of jnilk placed on the stove and brought to the boiling point, but not allowed to boil: When the hour lias been cooked ill this add it to the.soup, put back the pieces of meat, add pepper and salt to taste, and serve. 'Steamed Mufcloiir—Tins'' SHitees"'iftffqr. lisrhfc and wholesome dish, particularly suitable for invalids and children. Take a jar which has a well- fitting cover,- and set it in a saucepan of water ; into the jar put two pounds of mutton, a carrot, a small onion arid turnip cut into dice, a tomato, .and sea son the whole with pepper and salt to taste. Iiet the-mutton cook for three hoiu'S, ' taking c;ire that more water is added to the saiice pjin as .it boils away. Place a border of bailed rice on a dish,.set the mutton in the centre, and pile the chopped vegetables on Hie top. Scatter minced capers over and adrve. • i Nottingham , Steak.—A good under-cut; fr;om the sirloin or a slice off the rump is best for this. - Rub'it over first with the following j mixture':—A spoonful of 'Worcester1 sauce, satae,'.;of salad oil, also of vinegar, a little bijown' sugar,, some pepper and' salt. 'Ruti w£ll on both sides, then let-the steal; lie in this raavlnce for an hour. Wrap it in but tefed paper and toast Or bake carefully for > about thirty or forty minutes Serve with •thick, brown gravy, in which a few tomatoes halve been cooked ; flavor with,, horseradish, in; should be carved in -thick: slices across the st^ak.: ■' j 