His Grace Won the V.A T.C. Hurdles. Chills at Coolgardie. SunBtrokesin England. Candidates' agents proxy hunting. Next Thursday—race day—a bank holiday at Kalgoorlie. Nothing like a new broom says the friends of the solicitor. An old horse for a hard road Eays the Bellinghamites. A Turkish Pasha accuses the European admirals of incompetency. Dr. Youll probably inspected more corpses than any tfian in Australia. Mr. T. J. Tobin has decided to settle in Coolgardie and practise law. Wanted.—The views of candidates on questions of municipal policy. Intrigues of the wily Djevad Pasha in Crete causing uneasiness in Europe. Vosper, M.P., denies that he advocated a remission of the timber duties. Large number of sporting visitors have arrived during the last two days. W.A. runs a good third to Victoria and Queensland in its gold production. The Australian Star, the Pro'ectiouiat daily in Sydney, destroyed by fire. After recent experiences, Editor Norton must be getting about" Truth "-ful. Proposed to begin with an expenditure of £100,000 on the Perth drainage scheme. King O'Malley's latest fad : The legitimization of children born out of wedlock. Mr. G. Bellingham and Mr. A. G. JenkinB nominated for the Mayoralty of Coolgardie. With improving rcturnB the W.A. goldmining industry muBt revive again shortly. The S.A. Treasurer would like to see a railway line from Port Augusta to West Australia. Prince Henry of Orleans has agreed to stand up be shot at—no bloodshed is anticipated. Foritheifirst time for years the lawyers have beaten editor John Norton at their own game. Poor federation I Thrown out in Brisbane, anathematised in Sydney, stonewalled fir Adelaide. Le Var, Yale Lock, First Bolt and Cressy, in charge of P. Bolger, are quartered at Pell's sttblea. Perth architects favor the erection of the new Parliament Houses on the barracks site, St. George's Terrace. A South Australian Government injunction fruitgrowers is " Let up spray." But the fruitgrowers object. Canadians object to American syndicates working their mines. They want all but Britishers excluded. Harry Williams, the roller skater, makes his first appearance with the B&nvards; at the l'ivoli Theatre to-night. " How to make ends meet' is the problem agitating some of the members of this up and down community. Mr. G. Bellingham on the bench this morning. The business not important enough for the popular one. The irrepressible John Norton, of Sydney, been ordered to pay £100 for commenting on a case that was sui- jutiiee. At Puckapnnyal (Vic.) a mother poisoned herself and four children—a six year old boy and the baby died. Bovers backing themselves to kick three goals more than Coolgardie in the football match to-morrow afternoon. A Perth newspaper proprietor swore that he agreed to pay his " i-assiety " editress the mammoth salary of 10s per week. According to a calculation whl"h ought to be well informed, Dr. Nanseu will make about £30,000 out of his Arctic book. Chronicles concerning Millionaire Hooley: He has pu chased Osborne Estate (I. of Wight) ; he is about to be confirmed. Labor representatives on the Mining Conference are to be paid 10s per day, in addition to being allowed reasonable expense;. Perth Chamber of Mines Iformed to work in harmony with, and to the advantage of, other Chambers. This is what the promoters say. Captain H. T. Rowe presented with an .illuminated address by the employes of the Lady Hampton Consolidated Gold Mine yesterday. The old daydreams of speedily ncqulring a fortune and retiring to enjoy the same in some picturesque corner of the Kast have vanished. Rabbits affected by chicken cholera are giving up the ghost rapidly in Queensland. Suppose the ghosts will walk on the goldfields next. The people of kanowna arc raising a fund to pay the expenses incurred in defending the recent libel action against the local Democrat. Captain Douglas Saunders, who in plaintiff in anac'ion to recover £500 in the Supreme Court, from Sultan Rag Mahorr -:t, leaves for Perth this afternoon. " Nap" in the Committee roomB and naps on the benches of the Houses of Assembly, appear to be the order of the day when the Federal debate IB on. The O'Malley is eviiently making up for the time spent in the West. He now challenges the S A. Government to strictly enforce Sun lay closing. Perth for is it Vosper) wants a Chamber of Mines. Henuing, M.L.C., properly remarks the altitude of the new chamber must not be one of patronage. There is a probability of Mr. Hugh M'Calmont, the English millionaire,sportsman, and owner of Isinglass, the Derby winner, paying a visit to Australia at the end of the year. The death is announced of the well-known and successful imported sire Glorious, who ended bis days at Manson's Farm, near Maffra, Gippsland. Ajn)ng the many real good ones Glorious sired were Cremorne, Boolka. St. Lawrence and Collen Jtiura. Mr. Keith, the editor of the OHBOMCI.B, received a wire this morning stating that Nurse Keith was at Albany, having been obliged to leave the steamer, "seriously III and quite unable to walk." He leaves Coolgardie this afternoon anil hopes to return by Wednesday morning. 