AMUSEMENTS. GAIETY THEATRE. The Hudson's Surprise Party presented another change of programme at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday night. Long before 8 o'clock every available inch of space was taken up in the lower parts of the house, whilst the dress circle was crowded to excess before the curtain rose, and many persons who had dared the inclemency of the weather were unable to gain admission, and had perforce to postpone witnessing the performance to another occasion. The Zealand footballers were present in force, and at times added zest to the proceedings with a series of weird war whoops and other vocal efforts. The programme presented on Saturday night was bright and sparkling in every way, and went well from start to finish, the very large audience present Being most liberal in their applause. The first part consisted of the usual musical one, the opening number being a sparkling overture arranged from the incidental music to " Dorothy." Mr. A. J. Boyd, who has a voice of fine quality and considerable power, sang a charming ballad, " Sunshine Above," receiving in response the warm applause of the audience. Miss Stanbridge sang a most pleasing " Lullaby," whilst Miss Elliott was heard to great advantage in her song, "The Diver." Mr. Hudson him self brought down the house with his " Ludifcrettes," evoking road after roar of laughter, and being encored again and again. The acrobatic song and dance by Messrs. McKisson and Kearns was an excellent number, The tumbling of the two performers being remarkably good. The end and serio-comic songs were well rendered and received. Mr. Wallace King sang " Plymouth Sound in excellent style. He was in good voice, and sang with taste and expression, receiving an enthusiastic recall. A farcical sketch entitled " The Rival Telephones" concluded the first part of the programme. The second part was opened with Signor Altro's equilibrium entertainment, some novel and difficult feats of balancing being introduced by the performer. Mr. Hudson followed with some of his quaint songs and dances, and, with Miss Linton, gave a highly ludicrous skit on very up-to-date drama. Miss May Habgood's pianoforte " Fantasia on Irish Airs" was a most enjoyable number. Miss Habgood plays with much sympathy and taste, whilst her splendid execution and delicate phras- ing show her to be a musician of a very high standard. The Gourlay's secured an immense success with their amusing sketch, which was one of the strong points of an excellent programme. Misses Stanbridge and Elliott and Messrs. King and Reed were heard in a vocal quartette, Blumenthal's " Evening Song." This number, which was harmonised in the chorus parts in a most charming manner, could not have been better rendered, and delighted the audience, who testified their approval by no small measure of applause. The remaining items of the second part were all well received, and the programme was brought to a conclusion with a really laughable farce, dealing with the vicissitudes of a ghost. SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS. ALBERT-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. The usual popular organ recital at the Albert-street Wesleyan Church on Saturday night attracted a large audience in spite of the showery weather. "The Rev. J. Bowes gave an interesting lecture, " Scotch Life and Scenery," which was illustrated by a series of limelight views, consisting for the most part of pictures of famous abbeys and castles, and buildings of historical interest in the land of the heather. Mr. Benson played incidental music on the organ, which added not a little to the success of the lecture. The soloists were Mrs. Perceval (Tasmania), Mrs. Browne, and Mr. J. A. Fisher. Mrs. Perceval sang Sullivan's '. Lost Chord" in a very artistic manner, and was warmly applauded. Mrs. Browne sang " Jessie's Dream" and "Auld Lang Syne." Both of her songs were illustrated, and the scenes of the relief of Lucknow illustra- tive of the dream of the brave Scotch girl were particularly good. Mrs. Browne, who was in excellent voice, received encores for both of her songs, but simply bowed her acknowledgments. Mr. Fisher's songs were "Scots Wha Hae" and " March of the Cameron Men," both being illustrated and sung with considerable skill and success. Mr. Benson's organ solos were Lemaire's well- known " Military Patrol and a charming " Gavotte" by Rameau. Both of the numbers were rendered with that organist's excellent technique and splendid control of his instrument and the applause vouchsafed his numbers I was liberal and well deserved. Next Saturday night will be devoted to " Welsh Scenes and Life." CENTENNIAL HALL. Putting it mildly the weather conditions on Saturday night may be described as unpleasant. The Scotch mist prevalent was drearily damping, and the streets of Brisbane, apart from any criticism of their average state, were muddy, stodgy, in places almost impassable. In spite of these things Mr. Bent ley's concert at the Centennial Hall met with an amount of success more than equalling that of its notably successful predecessors. The house was packed to the doors ; many music lovers were, per- force, turned away unsatisfied. Lady Lamington and a party from Government House arrived fairly early, and remained throughout The programme was admirable, and well balanced as usual. Mrs. Palmer, of Melbourne, made her first appearance at these concert. The song, first, a pretty thing by Barnard-" I trust you still, the Lindsay's " I cannot mind my wheel ;" and, with Mrs. Gilbert Wilson, She sang effectively in a long popular duet of Mendelssohn's, " I waited for the Lord." Mrs. Wilson was in fine voice. A song of Willoughby's, " When Spring comes laughing," was her best number. Mr. R. Armour sang Frank Fowler's .. Australian. Marseillaise" admirably, giving as lite second number an artistic sons by Mattei. Mr. Collier gang " The Devout Lover'' well, and joined Mr. Armour in a duet, "The moon has raised her lamp above, by Benedict Mr. F. Kaye did the piano work effectively as usual, and Mr. C. F. Ferguson recited with much success. The piece de resistance, of course, was Mr. Walter Bentley s " Twenty Minutes to South Africa." The recital, or monologue, was vivid and historically accurate, a narra- tion and description of events and places which have found, and still may find in larger measure, a permanent place in history. Mr. Bentley does this kind of thing remarkably well, and his lecturettes, touched with pleasantness by the inclusion of many humorous passages, have become a necessary feature of the very enjoyable concerts with which his name is associated. The officers of the French despatch boat L"Eura were present, on Mr. Bentley's invitation, and appeared to enjoy the proceedings much. I next Saturday Mrs. Palmer will make her last appearance prior to her return to Melbourne. Mrs. Gilbert Wilson will sing, Miss Sheehan will recite, Messrs?. Cottier and Bottger will sing, and Mr. Walter Bentley will give the usual lantern display. 