DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. ' HAVE CURED MB. JARVIS OP LOCOMOTORATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSl'lTALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN CONSIDERED INCURABLE DV THE MEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. HAS A UIRAOLE BEEN FEKFORHED ? (From the Auitralian Workman.) la reply to the preliminary questions, said : " You want to know all about my case? Well I am glikd of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "About five years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, aud after four years of gradual development of tho malady I was foiced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I dould bear. They were far all the world like as if a saw was cutting my bones iD two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everynue else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, aod could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known dnotor, and he told me that my, cuse was utterly hopeless. However, he gave* me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order." " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Fife weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; iu fact, I oould not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, aud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or. six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I wai suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spiual cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that mcdical opinion is not infallible.). Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by an advertise ment describing the cure eBected iu the case of another boiler-maker iu England, which I read in the Juttralian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a bpx. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was inoredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Fink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recover ing my former vigor .and vitality. You see these orutckes here? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I waB too weak to use them, aud now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Tou see I am rapidly regaining my strength," " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mra. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have eaved his life, aud made another man of him." A friend who called iu at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "ha\e a cold bath, and all the feeling has oome back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work us a boiler maker, and you kuow I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I um better to-day than I have been at any time during the past fivo years. I osorible all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in do pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me haB been amazsd at the change in int. They can hardly believe thoir eyes. My being about again has oausod quite a scusation out hero." Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' l'ink "ilia for l'al People. 1 hey cure locomotor »taxy, partial Saralysis, and spinal disease, also the many isorders which arise from an impoverished . ate of tho blood, such as amentia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains iu Hie back, nervous head aches, &c.; These Pills arc a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with tho full name, Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists anil storekeepers gene rally, or the Dr. Williams' Mcdiciuu Com pany, (jiicen's-place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order ono box for 2s !lil, or half-dozen for Us (id. 