. SlOlf- Sf ®lf a « PATTY EBSKINE; I awoke with a start." I lay for Bomeminutes, as I often lie after a. sodden awakening, afraid to move hand or . foot, pitifully, : childishly frightened of I Tlmevr not what,: while . 1 jkdnally remem- hered the events of the previous day.' There — 'had been nothing alarming in it, nothing bat a long railway journey, a drive, a kind weloome to an old friend's house, dinner and bed, and then this sudden start which had " set my heart beating till I could aluiost hear it in the silence of the room. I struggled with my absurd terror and felt ." for. the matches. Of course, they fell, on the ->- flodr and .1 did not dare to pick them up. Bat someone else found them for me, and gently put them into my hand,, frightening me so much, that— 1 own it candidly — I screamed aloud. '.Oh, how silly you are,' said a girl's voice r' from the matches, ' don't do that. I wonder why 1 always frighten people. 1 did want to talk to a woman so . much. I haven't spoken to a woman for years ' — here a sob oaugnt ner voice, -xcuneeu nor ngnt tne candle ; you cannot see me.' u But. with: the cheerful companionship of the lighted candle, my spirits and courage all returned.—"' - „' Who, and what are you ?' I asked boldly, \- although my voice quaver 3d. Patty _ Erskine, Margaret Erskine; have you not seen my portrait downstairs ? It is a Gainsborough, and they are very proud of it ; but I am prettier, much prettier. You do not know how dreadful it is to be pretty, and have no one to see yoii !' \- ' Patty Erskine,' I said, 'who — 'a natural' delicacy in discussing a. lady's misdeeds with her ghost prevented me from finishing my sentence. .' Yes, I killed him, said the Voice wearily. ' I killed hitn, and I killed myself. He was cruel to me, and the other man was kind, oh, so kind ! and I was very young; 1 was only Bixteen when I died. Shall 1 tell you the Btory P I have never told anyone, because I died before help came, but I should like to tell you if you will be kind to me.' 1 felt as if 1 had a naughty child to deal with; the voice was very young and very . near me, and the remembrance of the youth ful and beautiful face in its frame downstairs was very vivid. Where are you, Patty ?' I asked. Quite close,' die said. ' I will tell you how it happened. £ never meant to kill him. The other man was in there — I forget, you cannot see if I point. This was my room, that door led to my boudoir, and . he was there when my husband came in, and said things that he should not have said ; 1 was angry. I took a pistol and shot him, I never meant to do ic, 1 never thought he was dead, I thought he had fallen down to frighten me. Then; the other man came in— it was his pistol that 1 had used— and called me ' mur deress,' and said that I had put his life in danger as well as mine, and that he would not stay there to be hanged with me, and, in spite of all my tears and prayers that he would save' me, he, who had always been so good to me, he opened the -window, and ran for his life. When I saw him fun across the ' lawn to the tree where his horse was tied, and knew he would never oome back to me, it did not seem worth while to live any \- . longer, so I shot myself.' " "There was something inexpressibly ghastly in the toneless, weary voice coming oat of nothing in the dusky room, telling its brief 'unhappy story with its tremulous mention of 'the;other man. T come . here efery night,' it continued. ' If I could be sorry, 1 could rest, but I can- \- -not be Borry, and. I am not sorry. If he were here now, 1 would kill him again, 1 can never forgive him, never, never, never.' The voice was ringing now with passion, . .. and , caught .with sobs. A great longing : came over me to take the poor little ghost in my arms and kiss and comfort her, but alas ! I eould not even see her ! when the sobbing ohanged suddeuly into a laugh, and . the Voice said, ' And now yon oan talk to me.1 I want to know all about the fashions. I eome here and I look at people's olothes, but they wear such queer things, I cannot understand them. Tell me what yon wore last night.' . I gasped. A ghost telling murder stories is comprehensible if a little commonplace, but :a frivolouB young ghost talking about fashions is an anachronism. Would yon like to know what I should he wearing if you could see met the gay Voice Baid. ' The last dress I wore was a sacque of blue-flowered brooade over a green satin skirt, and I had my hair powdered as it is in my picture downstairs. It was yellow hair, you know, and my eyes were blue ; I . . was one of, the belles of the time, and a reigning toast for a Beason, but it is all over . . now. Imagine it, I have not spoken to any- = one for close upon a hundred years, it is enough to make one die of the dumps, if one were not dead already ! It is so strange to be dead — let's change the subject. What will yon wear when you get up in the morn- ; ingP What- morning gowns do they have now?' My visitor's changes of mood were as, sudden as they were surprising, but I had my -wits by this time, and was able to answer her question. 'We don't wear morning gowns,' 1 said; I shall put on my coat and skirt. Your what? Baid the Voide. " - Goat and skirt,' I replied. : ' I-'doh'.t understand,' sighed the Voice ; what is it like F It'is never easy to explain yourself to a person who has no clue to our meaning, but it is . particularly difficult to describe -your dress to the ghost of a murderess who died in the last century, and I completely failed, to make myself .understood. : ' If I could only see it,' she wailed; and then, with one of her sudden changes of voice and mood, 'ah! but I can, it is you that oannot-see: me, not I that cannot see yon. Are not your tbingB .in the wardrobe ; I sa w the maid nnpack for you this afternoon, you will not mind if I turn your things out, I know where they are. Oh, why did I not think of this before !' I glanced anxiously at the candle ; it was long and would certainly barn until the short summer night was- at an end ; for I felt that, were I left alone in the dark with that voice, which could no doubt Bee as well in the dark as in the light (if a voice oan be said to see), I should certainly go mad. Otherwise, with the aid of the candle, my fear resolved itself into a creepy nervousness. The wardrobe door opened, and my coat and skirt got down from their hooks and came across th6 room. 'The coat,' said the Voice, thoughtfully, ' reminds me of a riding ooat ; but the skirt —don't you have hoopB now-a-days ?' 'They went out of fashion years ago,' I said. 'You see, we are more active now; girls could not play tennis or go oh the top of an omnibus if they wore hoops.' My skirt fell in a heap on the ground. ' What is an omnibus ? queried the V oice. ' A kind of stag's ooach,' I said, hastily. _ ' Do yon ride in stage coaches ?" she said, disdainfully. ' Oh, yes,' I answered ; ' everyone does.' ' In my day we had our own coaches,' the Voice replied with polite scOrn; and my dress returned to its peg. Hats interested her greatly. She tried them on before the looking-glass, or so I supposed, for all I saw was my hat hanging in mid air, while I heard her peals of laughter as my hat turned round and round before the glass. She must have been a small woman, I judged, from the height of her hat from the ground, about five feet two or three, 1 should think. . It was very gruesome, lying there in the shadowy room while the light of the candle and tlie coming dawn struggled together, and the swish of the ghost's silken skirts passed to and fro as she turned over every thing and looked at all my clothes. She was evidently enjoying herself very much, \- and T had lost my fear of her and was even becoming a trifle sleepy, , and wondering if she would ever go away, when she spoke again. ' What is this P' she said. My best evening gown was close to me. 'Chiffon,' I answered, yawning. ' You are very kind,' she said, politely. ' People don't answer me generally, in fact never, and I have often tried to speak to them. What is your name ?' I told her. ' Maud !' she said, but from the sound of her voice and the position of my bodice I gathered that she was far more interested in my sleeves than in me. ' What an odd name !' 'Patty,' I said, ' why don't you talk like one of Miss Barney's novels? Your con versation is positively modern.' She laughed. ' I do not know,' she said, ' yon must ask cleverer ghosts than I ; but I suppose we talk after the manner of the person to whom we appear ; £ cannot talk to other people I know. May I try on this gown F I should like to have a new dress, the firflfc for a Viiindrad tranru —hut: T am keeping you awake, I am so sorry, and so selfish.' She seemed very near to me now, and near tears, so that onoe more I felt a wish to comfort that fascinating little ghost 'Patty,' 1 said, sitting up in bed as I spoke, ' Patty darling, it's all right ; try it on by all means, only don't cry. \- She laughed again, the bodice rose from ' the floor, and I lay back watching the un seen hands of that long dead beauty, busy with my very modern satin dress, till the bodice came close up to me and the gay voice of my visitor implored me to help her ' do it up.' Mechanically, feeling that the dress stood ont but feeling no body within it, I did up the hooks ; it sprang from me as I fastened the last of the set, and, the skirt far too long for the little ghost, held up in both hands, it ran to the glass. 1 1 want a necklace,' cried the laughing voice, ' may I have yours ? Oh, I know you will lend it to me ! Here is the case, your keys are in your pocket, are they not? Which is the right one? Oh, be quick, be qoiok !' She seemed to be all over the room at once in her excitement, my necklace hanging in the air a few inches above the lace of mv dress, and I sat up watching it, half in fear, half in amusement ; she was such a frivolous little ghost, and so gay ! Dawn had come upon us while we were busy with my dress.- Already the candle burnt dimly in the lessening twilight, and now the first beam of the sun . shot through the opening between the curtains. ' With a cry of fear and horror my dress fell ' in a heap on the floor as the sunlight struck it, and turned its white to scarlet ; my necklace, clattering to the ground, lay like drops of blood in the warm red light. The sun !' she oried, ' ah ! how it hurts !' ' . ' I never saw her again.- -M. A. Boyce. 