NOTES AND COMMENTS In response to the usual " numerously signed requisition," a Mr. Raven has decided to contest East Perth. In this instance it is probable the electors and not the raven will cackle -' Nevermore," or " Not taking any," or words of similar decided import The fortune of Her Majesty the Queen is estimated at £26,000,000. If by way of reciprocating the loyalty and devotion of her Australian subjects she gave a fiver each to every soul within our coast line, she would still be the richest widow in the world. There is no information as to how her pile was made. She never had much Westralian stock, or the position might be explained. The " West Australian 'Review" (Eng.) is responsible for the following:—A London director who recently went out to "Western Australia to see a property in which he was interested, duly inspected some hundreds of tons of hungry white quartz, a dry dam, and a battery hung up for want of water. Casting his weary eye over the barrenness of the place, his attention was riveted i>y the solitary blue-gum that ornamented the lease. " I think," he said, turning to the manager, "I think you had better take great care of that tree ; some of the shareholders might want to hang themselves some day." One reason why the Australian Eleven was so willing to visit Kalgoorlie. while not specially anxious to play in Coolgardie. is the desire of various members of the team to meet'by himself on eleven different occasions each individual who was a party to sending that telegram after the test match in which our boys got such an inglorious set-back from the Englishmen in their own country. Months have passed, but the memory of the message is still fresh with them, and Hart's Happy Hours will not be a circumstance to the pleasant time the senders of the cable will have, after he is found and called upon to show cause. The cipher message " Wisden's Best" was written to be sent in reply, but. it was thought the point might be missed, as the code words would have been unintelligible to the recipients. Citizens of the suburbs are warned that when they desire to indulge in revolver practice at living marks they must fire at Afghans or other aliens. Employes of this office are exempt. Yesteriay afternoon one of our machinists, while asleep in his camp, was disturbed by a bullet, which ploughed its way across his chest just below the left nipple, and came very near to making an angel of him. Fortunately he sleeps on his back, so as to perfect himself in snoring. If he had been lying on his side he must have been killed. Any person who may shoot at an employe of thia journal after this notice will hear about it in due course. " I don't think much of cheese myself and never eat it."—Sir John at Cue. It may be so with you, Sir John To whom cheese perhaps gives indigestion, But why you keep the duty on Is to our folks a puzzling question ; :Tis selfish surely, on your part To tax because you cannot take it, The more, as still an unlearned art In W.A., is how to make it. To Heave Q we pray for daily bread (No word for pie or cake we utter) To you we pray—our country's head— To let us have free cheese and butter. Man may not live by bread alone, 'Tis crumby, dry, and hard to swallow. So knock the duties off, Sir John, You say the word, your team will follow ; Let food come free, we eat to live, And work to pay for what we're eating. Make property its quota give, To save your Treasury's depleting ; Tax incomes, land, and wealth, and charge The rich for all their luxuries, 'Twill keep your revenue as large, And furnish duty free our cheese. The Perth Fire Brigaie is not an organisation which permits its heels to run away with its head, or its euergy to take liberties with its discretion. Oa receipt of the information of an outbreak of fire a form of procedure is insisted upon before the corps is turned out. First the person who gives the alarm has to find a justice or magistrate, and, after filling in a form for such purpose provided, make oath and pay that he has good reason t > suppose and doth to the best of his knowledge and belief affirm and declare, and, having in mind the penalties and pains attaching to wilful and corrupt per jury, slates that he believes a house in Haysrreet (or elsewhere) is in danger of being consumed, to wit, the same blazing like perdition with the draught doors open and a consignment of kerosene tipped in to make the light show. Then a policeman is awakened and started out to find the owner or occupier o l the premises, who fills in another form, in which he sets out his name, occupation, address, age, religion, whe'her married or single, and if so why and what he thinks of it, specifies his birth-marks, height, depth of chest, empty and inflated, age of parents if living, if dead how long, and where buried, also what they died of, and what the doctor thought about it. This is merely preliminary. He is then asked if the house which is alleged to be on fire is his own property or rented, how long he has occupied it, and why he did not get a place not likely to-take fire ; also, whether it is of wood or stone or brick, or all or any of them, for how much insured and how soon he intends going back East after collecting the amount of his policy. He is then photographed in six attitudes and advised to go and see how the place caught light and informed if the flame? damage any adjacent premises he will be held responsible. Then the bell is rung, and within a couple of hours —sometimes even less—the brigade is on the scene—tying their socks round the leaks in the hose, and wondering how long it will take to get the engine up from Fremantle. The Transvaal is evidently a good place to live out of, judging by the way the levers of the law are, on occasions, operated. We take this case from a South African paper —" According to the British Award (the j Convention now in force) 300 farms oh the " South-Western Border had to be given up, and President Kruger admits that 1 the owners had to be compensated by the Transvaal,' A German named Theo. Doms purchased 27 of the farms in 1870, '71 and ! 72, but could not get them registered, nor would the Government buy some of his farms outright. In 1887 Doms applied to the High Court for power to compel the registration of the farms in his name. The day before the case came on in the Court, the Volksraad passed a besluit to prevent Doms from having, access to the Court. On the discussion, the President said : It was neces=ary to pass this besluit because if Boms was allowed, to come into Court lie would assuredly win, aivd tlve farms would have to ie given up to him, amd for political reasons this could not ie allowed. Thus Doms and others, after having the title deeds of the lands, have had to go without thfrir property and without compensation." There is room for comment on this, but the papers in the Vaal do not make any. Oom Paul has a style of protest against criticism which checks it. He shuts down on the offending newspaper, and its first adverse opinion of the Volksraad is usually its last. We have before us the " Cornish Post and Mining News," published in Camborne, Cornwall, England. The paper is a very presentable sheet, and fills a couple of columns with " News from Foreign Mining Camps." Some of it is interesting, and some is otherwise. The first item from the "mining camp" at the Transvaal is " The Stveets of Johannesburg are full of mud." The item is a few weeks old, and the weather may have changed, but the news is given in good faith. The next item is rather a laige order from the mining camp—a somewhat scattered one —of " Australia." and refers to the appearance of a white-eyed nigger—who is a Cornishman—at a theatre in a place called Sydney. The South Australian "mining camp" furnishes something in. the way of a sensatl-ou as under :— " SHOT THE MANAGER. Charles Cockburn. manager of a quartz battery at Heron Island, Brisbane, has been shot by Thomas Harris, who had been discharged by him for drunkenness. Cockburn will recover: Harris will not." Except that Brisbane is in North East Australia this paragraph is substantially correct. In the South Australian news also is Tecorded " An awful story from Melbourne " (another "mining camp" of which some of have heard). Melbourne is in South Australia, but in the Victorian section of it. A horse-race is run there in the early part of November each year, and is witnessed by several people, some of whom make small wagers on the result. It has a railway, and boats sometimes call in at the Bay (Port Phillip) on iheir way to England. From the " mining camp of New South Wales the news is derived that " probate of the will of the late William Hooper, of Glenelg, has been granted for £20,700. ' He leaves £100 to each of five institutions and £50 to the Glenelg Congregational Church;" and further, that " John Treloar. for having smuggled goods ii his possession, has been fined £25 at Melbourne." Glenelg is in South Australia proper, and Melbourne is Iocs ted in the last paragraph. Moreover. N.SW. is credited with a sensation, to which it can lay not the shadow of the ghost of aclaim,inthefollowing paragraph:— "SHOT A CHINAMAN. Shortly after midnight on Saturday two men named Nancarrow and Walters, watchmen on the Catherine* United battery, Eaglehawk, saw a Chinese stealing pyrites. Walters fired and shot Ah You. alhi£ ' Six- Fingered Jack,' right through the back. He was not seriously hurt, and was arrested and charged with the robbery." Eaglehawk is in Victoria, which many years ago was portion of New South Wales, but was going " on her own" lone before Eaglehawk was specked. From the same source we learn with alarm and suspicion that over 400 people were treated at Coolgardie Hospital during 1S96 for fever, which raged with such violence that 40 patients died within two days. Also that the fever scourge is more violent than ever, and that for three months at least there will not be any diminution in the number (147) admitted during January. The local doctors have not supplied this information to the local press. Another item of Coolgardie news is furnished the intimation that • : Mr John Penrose was on Wednesday evening re-elected Mayor of Silverton. This is the sixth consecutive time Mr Penrose has been elected to the position—which about constitutes a record." Silverton is not in Coolgardie. It is the capital of Thursday Island, near Sydney, Tasmania, and is peopled mostly by aboriginals and pearl fishers, who elect Mr Penrose every year to the mayoralty, as he is the only citizen who can speak English—a language none of them understand. The last item of " camp " news is from Broken Hill, where a man named Brokenshire was killed in the Lake View South Mine, Kalgoorlie. Our Cornish contemporary is a little out in some of its details. For instance, Australia-- is not a mining camp—at least not all of it. There are mines in the district, but in some parts of it there is agriculture and pastoral pursuits, and manufactures give employment to some hundreds of people. It is a large country. If Cornwall were taken up in the night and dumped down on the smallest of its territorial divisions it might be weeks before the papers got hold of the fact, and if it were possible to lift England and drop it in the heart of Westralia, the inhabitants of the island woulcL perhaps, not be discovered for 50 years, unless its loss was reported, and explorer Calvert sent out with a policeman and a search warrant to look for it. It is to be regretted that these errors find their way into English newspapers. A more intimate acquaintance with the Australian geography should be cultivated, and chiefly, the fact drilled into growing lads who may emigrate, that the capitals of the provinces are cities richer and larger than many in Europe, thai most of the people are white, and are taught to speak English as well as their native language. Also that Melbourne is the capital of Sydney, and New South Wales is in Victoria, the metropolis of which is Albany, SoufSfe Australia. The newspapers—we will do them the justice to say— know this, but the knowledge should be given out, disseminated as it were, and not locked up, like the secret oath of a baldheaded bushranger, in the editorial breast. 