Tocun Gossip. Brief, thea-What's the news.-KING OHN. Something like 20 men are engaged in the work of cutting railway sleepers in Terry's bush. * Butter this week has been 1/4 per lb in town, and eggs to 1/8 per dozen. On the upward grade. Mias Murray, of Five Dock, and Miss Rebecca Stewart," of Newtown, are on a visit to the Rev B. Keenan's. During the Show Senr-Constable Mur dock and Constable Bennett, both of the Metropolitan Detective Force, were in town. Mr. F. J. Barnett, Postmaster at Mount Victoria, and a son of Mrs, Barnett, of George-etreet, was in town during Show week. Mrs. E. Gosper, of Warren, with her infant daughter, has been spending a holi day in town with Mr. J. T. Gosper, of the Terrace. Mr. Nettleship has been appointed assis tant at the Windsor Superior Public- school, to succeed Mr. Cameron, who has gone to Cleveland-street. Miss Allen, pupil teacher at Windsor Superior Public-school, successfully passed her examination this week, and has been promoted to Class III. Mr. and Mrs. J. Ford and family, who some time ago went to Parramatta to re side, have returned to Windsor and settled down on the Peninsula. Conditional Purchase Inspector Brown paid a visit to Mount Wilson last week, and Bpeaks of the locality as being marvellously pretty. He was very hospitably treated there. For prime pickled pork and hams go to H. A. Clements', George-street. Groceries of top quality at bottom prices. Crockery always on hand, and farm produce at lowest market, f Mr. Jas. Critchley has disposed of bis steam launch, " The Lottie," to Mr. Christie, of the Biver. Steam launches in Windsor appear to be most expensive luxuries. We have a letter complaining about some of the judging at the late show, but as it does not bear the name of the writer, we have been compelled, in accordance with journalistic rules, to hold it over. Melbourne-grown cauliflowers were sold by a hawker in Windsor on Tuesday last weak, and on the same day we saw a farm er purchasing a bag-full of vegetables at a Chinese gardener's cart, near the GAZETTE Office. The University Junior and Matriculation Class at the Windsor Grammar School, .are hard at work at present. The candidates from the Grammar School for the Junior Examination will sit in Sydney for their examination. Mrs. D. Gosper and Miss G. Primrose last week returned after a month's stay with Mr. and Mrs. Frank Onus at the Bui ga. They drove there-140 miles-in two and a half days, and the trip was a most enjoyable one. A correspondent wishes to know whether all the potatoes shown at the recently- held Hawkesbury Exhibition were grown in the district by exhibitors. He questions the assertion that they were, and contends that some of them came from Warrnambool. Rev. Father Cairns, now stationed at Sandhurst, Vic., and who came to this country 28 years ago in company with Rev. Father Hayes, of Windsor, has been spend ing a brief holiday at the Presbytery. The two priests never met during the 28 years referred to until last week. A dispicable trick was .played a few days ago upon an old resident o I this district, and the fact that he is blind makes it all the more cowardly on the part of the perpe trator. It seems that a certain person owed him 4/-, and in payment handed to the old gentleman two pennies, saying, " Tiro half-crowns- that's near enough." The clever one departed before the fraud was detected. The following ladies and gentlemen have been proposed to act as local committee for the Junior Public Examination, to be held on June 7th :-Mesdames Hall, Holland, Primrose and Fitzpatrick, Misses Hull, Greenwell, Primrose and McCauley, and Rev S. G. Fielding, Messrs S. T. Green well, J. G^Fitzpatrick, J. D. Smith, J. J. Paine, -m Berckleman, T. Lobb, and Geo. &cCaUi;#(Hon. Secretary). The Revs S. G. Fielding and J. Howell Price exchange pulpits oq Sunday morning. Mr. J. Gosper has disposed of tbe well known blood stallion Grown Jiwel, and be goes to Queensland. Mr. Jack Bateman has disposed of his bay pony, " Jumbo," to Mr. Harris, of Farramatta, at a satisfactory figure. The gutters in the vicinity of the Coun cil Chambers have been in a dirty Btate for some time past, and would be improved by a good flushing. Mr. Wollaston, late Public-schoolteacher at Ilford, in the Eylstone electorate, has been appointed successor to Mr. Loader at Sackville Reach. One of the trees in front of the Court House is as dead as the proverbial door nail, and should be removed. It is by no means an ornament to the grounds now. < No less than ten dogs were poisoned at Newtown, Windsor, one night or early morning this week. Someone has evidently been throwing baits around indiscrimi nately. Mr. W. Morgan, M.P., has been advised by the Bail way Commissioners that the revised time-tables will shortly be issued, when passenger fares on the Richmond line will be reduced. - Our old friend, Mr. G. M. Pitt, of Sunny side, paid a visit to Melbourne last week, and had a good time. The Victorian Cus toms-officials didn't make him pay very much on his luggage. Mr. E. P. Walker, of Windsor, supplied the music at an enjoyable social held at Kenthurst last week, when among those present were Mrs. Tomkins and Misses Whitling, of Rouse Hill. Windsor Gas Company Directors decided at a meeting on Wednesday evening, to al low in future a discount of 10 per cent, to cash customers, which really means the supply of gas at 9s per 1000 feet. Several Wilberforce residents started out a few week's recently on a wild bees-neBt expedition in the bush around that locality, and in a couple of days secured about 870lbs of honey, which they took from five nests. The Sunday afternoon address by Mr. Wells (" an Evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church") delivered in the School of Arts, was poorly attended. Another address will be given this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The frost which was experienced in the district on Sunday morning last has left iiB mark in many places, most of the potato and pumpkin crops being completely burnt off. It is estimated that the winter crop of potatoes will be a very small one. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, Archpriest (who for several years was parish priest at Windsor) after forty-six years of work in the Diocese of Sydney, is taking a rest. The Archpriest has been granted twelve months' leave. It is unlikely that Dr. Sheehy will go to Europe. Two valuable stock dogs belonging to Mr. J, Jones, of the Peninsula, were pois oned last week. If the town was ridded of a number of howling curs which are an abomination in our streets, few people would complain ; but there is a difference in des troying useful dogs, which annoy nobody. This Saturday evening, a concert takes place in the Australian Hall, Wilberforce, as a benefit to the widow of the late Mr. Wilson. The beneficiary, who is as present on a bed of sickness, is in needy circum stances, and we feel sure that the public will respond nobly to the appeal on her behalf. Messrs George Routledge and Sons, Limited, of London and New York, have purchased the copyright of a novel by John Shaw, entitled " The Mystery of Wiseman's Ferry Road." The story appeared some 20 yeaft ago 'n the columus of the now de fuuet " Cumberland Mercury," which John Shaw was editing at the time. The famous cure for many diseases, Viney's patented Pine apple Rum, cures la grippe, bronchitis, influenza, eore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, catarrh, croup, This liquor to be had in any quantity, and at any price, at the Railway Hotel ONLY. Advice free at any time. Angelo J. Viney, Railway Hotel, Windsor, proprietor. Estab ished 10 t The engineer of a river craft delayed the Court on Tuesday last, whilst giving his evidence, so much so that one member of the Bench remarked to him, " That if it took him as long to turn his boat round in time of danger as it did to give evidence, the vessel should certainly be fouudered." The witness, to use his own words, had not been used to that sort of game (giving evidence). A meeting of the local Land Board takes place at the Court House on Thursday, 27th inst at 10 a.m. Mr. James Padley, who has recently re turned, after a loop stay in Victoria, pa:d Windsor a visit on Saturday. Mr. J. Pye, of Newtown, after three weeks' severe illness, is, we are glad to see, about his regular duties again. A large number of persons were present at the slaughtering and weighing of the big bullock at Mr Farlow's slaughter-yards on Thursday. Mr. Davidson, of Ebenezer, during the week, left a persimmon at this office, which for side and colour is a splendid sample of this luscious fruit. It is reported that on Saturday night a visiting dealer was robbed of about £20, and that only ten shillings of the money has yet been recovered. The hearing of the assault case on Tues day last occupied the whole morning. It was brought to a close a little before 1 p.m. -the Bench having no jurisdiction. At the local Lands Offico on Thursday last, an annual lease of 850 acres in the County of Hunter and Parish of Jamison, I was taken up by Mr. C. Davis, junr., of | Rylstone. | The next sitting of the District Court, which opens on Wednesday, is likely to be ! a protracted one. The largest number of cases recorded for many years are set down for hearing. Messrs Abbott and Kirkby received great praise for their non-competitive exhibit at [the Show last week,-a door, elegantly decorated in the French style, Louis Quatorze period. Mr. W. Morgan, M.P., and Mr. T. R. Smith, M.P., are to engage in a public de bate at an early date, the subject being " Freetrade and Protection." The wordy war will take place at the Castlereagh Council-chambers. Someone sent along a skit last week, re lating to an alleged haunted house in New street. It appears that the whole thing was a joke-as there is no foundation for the statement that the domicile in question has any ghosts within its precincts. The local Halt-Holiday Association, evi dently thinking they have been doing it too strong of late, have made an addition to their rules, to the effect that the half-holiday shall not be observed on the Wednesday, when a public holiday falls in the same week. We are getting quite accustomed to the irregular running of the morning goods train, which brings the daily papers and a mail to Windsor. There seems to be no regular time for its arrival, and during the present week it came along any time between 8 and 10 a.m. Despite the remarks, " He's a newspaper Johnny," "What does he know about horses," " He might ride a wooden horse," &\- Mr. H. H. Morant (better known as "The Breaker"), rode the buckjumper at the Show,-to use " Banjo" Patterson's words, "just perfect." A prank was played at Lower Portland recently which will prove a costly job for the person or persons concerned, if dis covered. A horse running in Mr H. Law's paddock was ill-treated by having all the hair removed from its tail, and Mr. Law now offers a reward for information that will bring about a conviction. A sample of the Cadbury's chocolate al leged to have been taken by Dr. Nansen to the Artie Regions, was given us at the Hawkesbury Show, by the representative of the firm, and after three years' travelling through icy regions the sample appeared equal to that quite recently manufactured. By the way, how much cocoa did Nansen take with him altogether ? The Windsor Grammar School Cadet Corp3 and Rifle Club are in active practice, as they contemplate entering for the Rifle Asssociation sports, to be beld at Randwick (Sydney) in October next. The members of the Club will almost immediately be put through a course of rifle practice at the Windsor butts. The names of any young men desirous of joining the club in question will be received by the Captain, the Rev. B Keenan, or Sergt. Major B. Howard. Williams' Pink Pills 2/6, Seigel's Syrup, and all Patent Medicines, Perfumery, etc., at R. A. Pye's, the leading Pharmacy in the district, where you get only the best drugs, and Chemicals, School Requisites, etc. The Aerated Fountain is still in full swing. Come along and try a Kola-uut if you aro a bit oft-only 2d per glass. Try Pye's Stomach and Liver Pilh for head ache, constipation, etc., 1/- per box. If you have the toothache don't forget R. A, Pye is the premier surgeon dentist.* . '??"?? H U . - J iWH MPiii !???? Mr. H. Harris, of Clarendjn, has gone on a fortnight's trip to lbs Richmond River. The Hon. W. Walker andRev.C. A. White attended the Presbyterian 'As sembly in Sydney during the week. It will be noticed that the o&sntng; of Messrs D. Holland & Co's new drapery store has been postponed froth the 15th till the 22nd inst. '' What are you chirping at," feaid Aid Dean to a brother alderman who had made a remark to which he objected, on Wednesday night. Mr. P. Greentree has been in charge of Mr. R. A. Pye's shop for the past irtfek, during the Jatter's absence on a week's holiday at Kurrajong. Owing to the illness of Rev. Father Hayes, the Masses at St. Matthe w'slfcC. Church were on Sunday last celebrated by Rev. Father O'Brien, of Richmond* Mr. Edgar Moody, an old Windsor boy, who is at present holding a good position in the Royal Agricultural Society's office, was in town on Friday last. ' WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS Is a professionally recommended and uni versally esteemed diuretic to restore the kidneys to activity, averting gout and rheumatism. Mr. J. Manchester, once of Nelsbn,but now assistant teacher at the Redfern Superior Public School, paid Windsor a visit on Friday evening last, reraaintag tril Monday morning. A valuable dog of Mr. F. tiadle^ of the Terrace, was poisoned during thf week. Some of the light-fingered fratern ity in this locality don't like to see watch doga about a house. Mr. J. Jones, of Newtown, has pur chased a steam boat for trading purposes on the Hawkesbury (between WilKjsor and Peat's Ferry). He will probably start operations this week. "Jimmy" Castles, the musical wonder of the Salvation Army, was fairly onihe job with the local corps for acou&pof; days last week, and drew large crowds to the hall during his stay in town. A visitor to Melbourne recently s4Wa volume of the Hon. W. Walter's poem* amongst the colonial collection iq a Victorian Library. A volume of Charles Harpur's poems was presented to same Library by the visitor. Harvest thanksgiving services will bt held in St. Matthew's Church of England, Windsor, on Sunday next. At thp ffigrn ing service, as well as at a children's floral service at 3 p.m., Rev. J. H. Price, from Richmond, will preach. _ The members of the Rouse Hill Mwi's Club, having had their recent aunf\^t&fry; celebrations interfered with by the fain, propose holding a variety concert to-hi^ht (Friday) to celebrate the first year bf< club's existence. The entertainment Win be given by Parramatta amateurs. , Mr* £. parlow, of George-stnoet pur chased Messrs Guest and Skuthorp's. two prize bullocks at the show sale on Satur day, the prices realized being £8 li- fbr the bigger one and £6 10/- for tfceotttw. Mr. A. Cornwell purchased twelvefcead, not quite so heavy, from the same yard of bullocks. I Mr. M. Waters, senr, intends to pro ceed against the Windsor Borough Coun cil at the District Court for the recovery ^25» damages claimed for injuries to a horse. It is said that the animal Stepped in a hole, fell, and injured itself, whihf being driven along George-street some months ago. A pair of Mr. G. Davis' prize pigeons were stolen at the show-ground on Satur day- Mr. Davis was collecting his birds to bring them home, and while .his .back was turned for a few moments some gat ing thief, who most probably &s;& teen watching his opportunity, got clear away with a couple of his best birds. Two exceptionally heavy frosts, for this time of the year, were experienced on Sunday and Monday mornings. A great many of the blooms of Mr. G. Davis* choice chrysanthemums were injured, and this is the first time during the many years he has been growing these flowers they have been affected by frost. Messrs Angus and Robertson, Sydney, are now exhibiting in their windows beau, tiful steel engravings of Wind <or, sketched from Roberts' Hill, and Wilberforce, as they were in the year 1822. They were engraved in the year 1824, from paintings by. J- Lycett, Governor Macquarie's artist. The work is of a very primitive character, and absolutely untrue in regard to details* # ^ * 