CONVERSION. By Amory H. Bradford. Whatever unbelievers in Christianity may assert concerning other things, they would not deny that great changes are wrought in character and conduct by what is called con version. Th6 supernatural cause would doubtless be denied, but the change in the individual would not be disputed. I am not attempting to account for these changes, but only to show that there are facts outside the physical series as unquestionable, and probably as numerous, as those within it, which have a claim on the attention of all who seek a scientific explanation of the life of man. Illustrations by the thousand could be given of those whose heredity was bad enough to bind them to evil as with chains of steel ; whose actual indulgence in vicious courses had been long continued ; and whose environment was full of gross and selfish influences, who yet without cause (using cause as a force in the physical series) were truly converted. If it be thought that motives more or less selfish, such as desire for outward prosperity, ac count for the change in some, this expla nation utterly fails in the caBe of those Who surrender all that ministers to selfish ness, and devote thmselves to undoing the mischief of their previous lives. When the phenomena ofconversion in thousands of instances are studied scientifically, what is discovered ? Events without a physical cause ; an absolute revolution in character and life, due not to any discoverable element of heredity, nor to any difference in environment. Due to what, then ? Either to a sovereign act of will or to a change of spiritual environment whioh Christians call the presence of the Holy Ghost— probably to both. I once read a paper on heredity to one who is now in the front rank of his profession — a man of fine and noble character. As point after point was made, an aspect of solemnity crept over the face of the hearer. But before the reading had ceased, he was called out of the room, and taking the chair he had occupied, I saw written on a scrap of paper on the table these words : ' That is true, and my heredity is all pure devil.' After wards I found that what he had written was probably true. Yet he determined that the devil should be ohained, and ohained he has been ; with full many a tendency toward base living, the man walks the earth everywhere useful and deservedly honoured. A Christian would doubtless call this an example of the Spirit's work in that man, and quite justly ; but even the Spirit of God does little without the consent of the individual. Speak gently to the erring one, know he must have erred in vain ; Perhaps unkindness made him so, oh 1 win him back again. 