RELIGIOUS NEWS. St. Peteb's Cathedral.— Tuesday next, June 29, being St Peter's Day, special ser vices will bo held at the Cathedral. In ihe evening Sullivan's Festival 'Te Deurn will be given by the Cathe dral Choir and Oratorio Chorus. A full orchestra will aecomptuy the work. The music is said to bo ane of Sullivan's best efforts, it having been composed for the recovery of the Prince of 'Yales. As far as is known at present, admission to the servioe on Tuesday night will uo quite independent of tickets. Opening of a New Jegak. — St. Andrew's Church, Walkervillo, lias long felt the want of a buitablo organ for ;ho celebration of the choral services for which it has been noted, and tor wbieh a small one-manual instrument ha3 hitherto done service. The occasion of the Queen's Jubileo wa3 thought an appro priate opportunity to appeal to the congrega tion and friends of the Church for funds to provide an organ suitable to the requirements of the service, and tho response to the appeal 1\. as such as to enable the Wardens to purchase a new organ, which was formally dedicated and opened last Sunday. Tho front pipes are artfetically decoratod in colours, with gold and silver relief, and altogether the instrument preeent-s a decidedly handsome appearance. The service on Sunday opened with a pro fessional hymn by the full surplice choir, unaccompanied, after which the Very Rev. Archdeacon Dove read the dedication ser vice, the choir and congregation joining in the responses. Aa an appropriate opening, and une calculated to show the quality of the organ, the National Anthem was sung, and aa the tones of tha beautiful instrument swelled through tha sacred ediiico a feeling of patriotism and piety pervaded tha crowded congregation, aud furnished a scene' which worshippers have seldom witnessed in the Church before. After the Litany had been road and hymns appropriate to the occasion had botn sung tho Archdeacon preached a most impressive sermon suitable to the Jubilee season. The offurtorj . which was in aid of the new organ, was highly satisfactory, and the Organist, Mr. J. H. Lloyd, and the choir vied with each other to render the whole ser vice as impressive and at the same time as hearty as possible. Obdixatios of a Catholic PeiestT^Oii Thursday morning an impressive ceremony took place at St. Patrick's Church, West torrace, when Mr. Frederick Adamson, of Black Forest, was ordained priest of the Catholic Church. Archbishop O'Reily cele brated mass, and afterwards performed tho ordination, being assisted by a number of the clergy of the Arendiocese, including the Vicar General Dr. Byrne, Archpriest Nevin, and tho Rev. Fathers Williams, Hurley, Murphy, Davis, Andrew, C.P., ana McEvoy and Cos grove, Masters of Ceremonies. Roman Catiioiio Stnod. — A Synod of the clergy of the Archdiocese of Adelaide was held at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Wednes day, June 23. Archbishop OTieily presided over an attendance, which included nearly every priest in the Archdiocese. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was said by the Very Dr. Byrne, and the gathering was held immediately afterwards. It lasted for about two hours, and matters of a purely ecclesiastical character were considered. The Very Rev. Father Williams was ap pointed Promoter of the Syuod ; Father Cosgrove, Sacretary ; Father Hurley, Director to the Clergy ; Father McEvoy, Master of Ceremonies; and Archpriest fs'evin, Dean Kennedy, and Fathers O'powling, S.J., and Hourigan, Diocesan Examiners. 