(CorUPYIlIIT COLLEGE JACK. A REMARKABLE, YET TRUE STORY or TtfE IX.:. :!.,its of Yan Diamin's Lald. By CIP1,1Y LlI CIE SIYOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CII.IPTERS. In the wild and grandly picnresque reqin of the east coast of. Tan Dirman's Land, at the foot of the Fingal ranges and on the banks of the IInonecckle Creek, it situated the pleasant homestead of Jilhn Edwards o:ne f the old. ct and most pecsnronm settlers in that country dnoing the year ISMt. The steor opens on tie night of the 3rd of May. Mrs. Edwards and her three eson are shsent, rleaing SIar, their only danghelr, and- herr father alone at the hnme?ntl,. In the evren ing about dusk sMary Eflonls oherres her father galloping h,-me at a furious pace evi dently nder snrelgrzertera.tt. On dismennt irg he hsstilr ror-eyr. to hif doghl:er tihe startling iutlligenre fiet aa nntrins character, Lnown as C llfge Jick, t•rntlher with two other a.eigned servants, kle hare Iern working on a farm owned by thoe ' nrrows " at Falmouth, have escaped, takii to the het, after first atrtacking the homrs:ed, nnrieir.g old SMr. Barrows and attempting the life of the son, ypong Tom, aho, by the way, is engaged to Stry nEdwards. During the night the three ontlawo make a most determined attack upon Elrwards's homestead, firlly wounding the old man in thtir first roley. MSIry .eomieally holds them at hy single handed and makes here cape on hnraehackt?u.er enerof the darkness jut as C.rlreg Jack, who?s real name is Terfeton, and his remaininng eomnanin, Jim M3irner, force anentronce hbbreakingin thefront door. Mary reaches a place of ssfety and immediately re turns ascompanied by four of the neighboring settlers nlr to find the hrmestetd in fiames. Wieth difficulty the fire is extinguished and the remains of her father rescued. A few days after her father has been laid to rest, the sad intell:lgeee of the death of Mrs. Edwards is brought Iy her brothers, who at once form a strong parry rele.mt:ly pledged to verrnge the death of threi: prrents. leaded hby John Ed wards. who is supported'by a constable named Milcs Gritin. a noted bushranger hunter, the party foll r the tracks of the lgitirves for several day?, through the rough and almost in arcessible fastnesses, in the direction of Mount :Nicholas. On reachinga chasm in themountains the pursuers are suddenly attached and a des perate encounter takes plaee in which Tom Barrows is slain on one side and hixner on the other. Daring the fight a strange apparition appears for a moment upon the rocks opposite beckoning the brothers. To their horror and consternastion they recognise in it the well known figure of their sister, Mary, evidently in the power of College Jack. The pursuit is eontinued with renewed rigor leading in the direction of the sea coast, which is reached on the morning of the following day. From the summit of a high cliff overlooking the ocean a small boat is observed making straight oa to sea in which is seated Tarleton and Mary. The Istter upon seeing them waves her hands and gives utteranc to a strange, hysterical laugh as the boat disappears in the closing darkness. CHAPTER VIII. "I am afraid the ruffian will kill Mary in the meantime unless, impos sible as it may seem, he has relented and is taking her back to her home again. It almost looks like it in his coming this way amidst the settled district. God grant all may turn out well yet," replied the leader of the ex pedition. "If not I wish I had never undertaken this mission of revenge," he added, and then I would have been at home to guard her from harm. "The greatest care will not always do that. My own opinion is that your sister will come out safely in the end, and that is not far away. Keep your patience until to-morrow, friend," I returned Griffin. This was the best advice he could give and all the men were fain to pro fit by it. The night passed without in cident and at daylight the tracks were again taken up and followed due east. "I don't understand where they are making for in this direction. I thought they would turn north or south but they are going straight on and will come up with a sharp turn soon. The coast is not more than a couple of miles away and there is no escape in that direction," spoke the constable about an hour after noon as he was laboriously tracking the fugitives. The small footmarks of Mary Ed wards kept beside the larger prints of the man and there was no mistaking the trail in consequence. Each hour they became fresher, and as the sun de dined in the western heavens the four men came in sight of the ocean at a point not far from Falmouth Bay. They were now not more than a mile distant from it, and as the tracks led straight on it occurred to Griffin that the fugi tives were making for one of the numerous caverns which indented the coast line in that direction. "Of course Tarleton would have some knowledge of this locality, but it is absolute madness on his part to think of escape in such a manner. I will run him down in twenty-four hours if he adopts that idea. He will not have the ghost ofashow, and he must be insane to think of such a thing. Yet why does he bring the girl with himn in this fashion ?-and she appears to be willing enough to accompany him, too. If she was the heroine her brothers picture her, why she would have given him plenty of trouble before going this far. It's a queer affair altogether, but Miles Griffin is just the man to elucidate it," the somewhat puzzled constable mused. There was a conviction growing up in his mind that the girl was not ac companying the outlaw against her will for it seemed scarcely possible the man could force her to do so under the circumstances without using extreme violence. Of course he did not hint his suspicions to the brothers, who seemed as if a dark cloud of woe had fallen on them. It was near sunset when the party arrived at thie cliffs which fronted Tas man's Sea. In places they were a couple of hundred feet in height and so pre citaous that no human being could p,,ssibly descend their rugged sides, but there were many weather-eaten spots wrhere the explorer could descend to the beach far below. The footprints led to one of these marine paths and before going down the constable led the party over to a ledge of the chiff where it might be possible to get a good view of the coast line. "W\e may have a chance of seeing the fellowr, but if not we will go down at once. It will not take us five minutes and may save hours. The tracks, as you noticed, are quite fresh so that they cannot be far ahead." This was so, and the three men will ingly followed in the eager hope that thelr might he able to catch sight of the girl if not the bushranger. There wras a magnificent view from the spot though the mists of evening were be ginning to fall upot the ocean and sea- t ward little could be distinguished. To the north and the south the party i looked but nothing met their eyes save the stretch of frowning coast line. To the south the small harborofFalmouth At Broken Hill £325 was paid in rates to enable residents to qoaliy for the Iramchise, n was noticed scarce two miles away, and in this direction the constable fixed his gaze as he felt it was possible the bush ranger might take the girl and leave her there rather than make a sacrifice. His attention was attracted by a wild cry from Frederick Edwards, wlo stood on a projecting rock in the cliff about twenty yards away. The young man was standing with his right arm out stretched in a northerly direction and his whole hearing denoted intense ex citement. 'Wiih a run Miles Griffin was at his side and stood dumfounded for a few minutes looking in the in dicated direction. The other two men joined the group and they looked upon a novel scene and one they never forgot From a small cove not above three hundred yards from where they stood a small boat had shot out and in it were a man and a woman whom the specta tors at once saw were Tarleton and Mary Edwards. The latter appeared quite composed and was sitting in the stern holding the rudder while her ruf fianly companion rowed. The boat was making straight out to sea, and though the water was com paratively smooth it sometimes seemed to disappear in the hollows between the rollers. Almost as the constable reached the side of young Edwards the outlaw saw the group, and he ap parently pointed out the men to his companion. The girl turned her head and looked towards the cliff and then waved her hand. Almost immediately afterwards the group of men heard a strange laugh which they could scarcely recognise as that of their sister and it mystified them more than ever. The tall outlaw plied his oars vigor ously and the little craft responded to the strokes, and as the sun dipped his chin on the western horizon the gather ing mists swallowed up the strange pair as they went phantom-like into the white gloom. With strained eyes the four men tried to pierce the veil which hid the boat and its occupants from them, but it was in vain; and with a heartbreaking sigh John Edwards turned his mut , appealing eyes to the constable and the latter understood. "It is only a ruse to put us off. That boat will come back in an hour or two and we must be prepared for it. There are only two places along here where they can land, except at Falmouth. Someone will have to go there and rouse the settlers to keep a watch along the coast and also bring down the body of Tom Barrows from the mount. If you'll go, John, we will remain here on the watch--at least I'll stop here while Michael and Fred take up a position at " yonder path. It is the only t'ing we can do, and if you rouse the two settlers and their men at Falmouth and tell the constables at Barrows's homestead what has occurred we will soon nab them. I You might find out about the boat, too. It must have been stolen from below, or at least it belongs to someone about this district If you are willing you had better start at once, but if you want to I stay here perhaps one of your brothers will go. What do you say to the plan ?" spoke the official. "I will go by all means. We must not forget poor Barrows, and the infor t mation should be given at once, as you say, in the hope that it may lead to the capture of that man. He must either intend to return or commit suicide for a boat like the one they are in could not live five minutes in a rough sea. My poor sister ! I can't quite make it out I'll go now and reach Falmouth before it is quite dark," and with a last look at the fog-covered sea John Ed wards turned to the south and left the group. "Now, lads, you can either stop here 9r go to the other pass about four hun dred yards across there. Of course we can't stop them from landing even if we wanted to do so, but I wish to prevent Tarleton slipping us again and making for the ranges. He would do it in a moment if he got the chance. By watching the passages to the beach he will be prevented, and in the morning you may have revenge on him. The least rise of wind will drive him back whether he wants to come or not, and this time we must be careful not to give him a chance of getting away," said \- Griffin. "Any post will do Fred and I and the one you mention is as good to us as another. I would like to ask you a question, Miles, and give me a true an swer. Do you think my sister is in her right mind ?F' queried Michael. " Well, I never gave such an idea the least thought. Why do you think she is not ?" asked the constable. "By her strange action in this matter and the peculiar laugh we heard just a few minutes ago. It was not the laugh of Mary Edwards though the form was hers," responded Michael. The officer was a hard-headed man, who attributed wrong-doing to every cause but madness, and he was about to tell the brothers he thought the girl was sane enough when the look in their faces stopped him and he cleverly ef fected a compromise, which lhe did not believe himself, but would calm in a manner the fears of the two men. "There may be a good deal of truth in what you say, for the girl has gone through enough to send her crazy, and at her age the mind often becomes af fected; but still she may have been carried off by force to act as a hostage as I told you before. In the latter case her mind would be all right, and in order not to bring down the violence of her captor-which could do her no good- would probably do as he direc ted. Tarletonjust now would order her to wave her hand to us as much as to signify she was going with him of her omn free will, and she was sensible enough to obey the order. The scoun drel has got her in his power and wrould not scruple to kill her if she declined to act as he wanted. We Ihave run him down at all events, and there can be no escape for him now. I will see he does not get back this way and I expect you to carefully watch the other pass," re plied Miles Griffin. Soon after the two men left their companion and went towards the point where the passage led down the cliffs to the beach. Selecting a position at rwhich they could not be seen by any one comning up the path, they passed the night without having to act in such an emergency. The constable was similarly circumstanced. lie kept guard on the narrow way by rwhichi alone the ouitlaw could leave the beach and make once more for the ranges. Miles Griffin did not doubt for anl in stant what the man's object was;. lie felt convinced that being forced down to the coast hlie had by some meanss be- t come possessed of the boat, and enter ing it with the girl waited tuntil the ex pected pursuers would make theirr appearance. Then he would put off in the desperate hope they would imagine New Zealand butter Eelling in the home market upto i on10, t : he was going to risk death on the- sea or make for a point further north- or' south of the position. The official wad too old a bird to be caught with such chaff. He well knew that for many 1 miles to the north there was no landing d place, and he had provided for the t southern contingency even if the man should be foolish enough to go to a place like Falrmuth where he would d most likely be seen and captured. It was more likely the outlaw, think ing the pursuers would not stop long at d the spot whence they saw the boat dis a- ppear, might return under cover of the n darkness asd make fer the interior i again, and to defeat that supposed ob ject the constable lay concealed in the e rocks and watched like a panther a during the whole night. As he lay, e with the silence around him, the thought of Mary Edwards toolk idller I possession of him and he marvelled at 3 what it could all mean. The idea of e the girl being held a prisoner against h- er will was fast disappearing, and he now concluded there must be a mystery a in the business whichl he could not fathom. P'erhaps after all she was mad, I for her behavior was almost sufficient e to convey the idea. When her sweet e heart, Tom Barrows, was slain before her eyes, and partly through her instru- inentality, she did not appear to libe s sensibly affected by the tragedy. This I was inexplicable in the eyes of Griffin, a for some months previously when on a y flying visit to the Fingal district he had a seen a meeting between the two and y was firmly convinced they loved each t other sincerely. So the officer mused during the night, each hour of thought causing him further mental disquiet a and making the web still more tan s gled. When morning broke and nothing r had occurred to justify his theory some e thing like anger filled the breast of the constable. The fog was slowly rolling a back from the still placid ocean, but no e spec of sail or black dot of boat could t be seen. Going down the passage g about forty yards he reached a position from which the beach could be observed e for a long distance, and, shading his eyes against the rays of the rising sun, .t the constable took in the northern a view. Nothing but cliff, sand and sea e were noticeable, and after assuring e himself there was nothing suspicious in i. that direction he turned to the south. d There two or three moving figures broke g the view, but he quickly saw the ob y jects were men from Falmouth whom f John Edwards's news had sent forth. i There was no sign of the woman or e Tarleton, and, greatly disappointed, ihe 1t turned and retraced his steps to the e summit of the cliffs where lihe was at s once joined by Michael and Frederick e Edwards and later on by a couple of .t settlers from Falmouth. They knew little or nothing about the matter save that a boat belonging r, to one of them was missing from its it moorings about a mile distant from d where they stood. As it was the only o craft in that particular part it must be s the one in which the girl and the bush ranger had put off from the coast in. The two men had not heard anything it about tile outlaws nor the fight on the r- mount Both had been on their own u farms keeping a look out for a possible e enemy, and they were greatly relieved r when John Edwards told them the real r positior. of affairs regarding the out d laws. He had left them to go to the t. constables at Barrors's house and it neither of them had seen him since, h as in obedience to his request they had t taken up watch on the beach until day I- light. The story about Miss Edwards e was quite incomprehensible to them and they could not understand it. So e far no word had reached Falmouth \- that the girl was missing from her home e at Honeysuckle Creek, and from that e fact it was clear she could not long have it been taken away by the outlaws. g Such was in effect the narrative given a by the two men, and the owner of the y boat supplemented it by saying the e little craft which belonged to him was g seaworthy enough but-and there was a e great deal of meaning in his but-it k could not possibly weather even a light d gale on that coast. So if the man kept e out at sea he and his companion must dI inevitably be lost As it would be quite possible to re I main on the water for days in the pre s sent state of the ocean, the constable a decided to take immediate measures to \- prevent the bushranger landing unless r he ran the certainty of capture. There was another small settlement at tE e Helens, about ten miles to the north, e and Michael Edwards, who knew the distance well, agreed to go along the r coast and warni the residents there, who a would guard thIe coast and capture tIhe a outlaw if he appeared in that direc S tion. "Keep a close watch seawards and along thie Ibeachl, Michael. If you catch a glimpse of themi it wrill be best for you t to return Ihere and get our help. At I any rate get someone to assist and you rmay possibly have the fellow alive so that we may worm out his story. The t path along thie cliff is a good one and Syou should be there in three hours from now. Get Jones, thIe constable, there to use his best endeavors in having tihe boat sent down from thIe end of the 1 point, and if you succeed it would Ibe as well to return this rway by water. SIThe fellow may bIe riding in somre nook a where he can't be seen from the top of : the clifi Use your own common sense I in the matter, and remember, Michlael, Sthis is the time to exercise your mind >and body. There will be plenty of \- time to rest rwhen this trouble is past," r spoke Griffin to his fiiend. The instructions fell in withi the views r of thie party, for it was quite rpossible :for thie occupants of thie boat to itil \- along towards the north andti effect a Slanring in that direction. 'IThe fog on thie prevrious evening and thie gatirering gloorm hid the boat from sight beforer it was half a mile from thie clifr and it was quite likely 'l'arleton lwhen hie could no longer see the figure.s on thie laind wrould chantge hris course and head for the north as being safer than a southerly run. It was out of the question to be lieve he would keep due east, as the nearest land hie could hIope to meet in that route was New Zealand mnany hun dreds of miles away. Without delay Michael ilEdwards set off and thie remarndidr of the party writh the exception rof Frederick, who weas ordered to remain on thIe lfighest part of thire cliff and keep watch, descended to the beach and began a close search around ti;e point at which the boat had left thie shore. As the constable ex pIectedno footmrarki:s were visible at the place, but the tracks that led down the thIe path all trended south thus showing Tarleton anrd hiis comrpanion must have gone straight to thie boat and then rowed to the part whence the men had caught sight of it. CJ 8 (To nE CONTINUED,) Versy little damage wa, done at Orbos by the fioods, 