IB Dll HULY. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued). ' 'I should think you two might have selec ted Bomc o,thor apartment in tho house for a promenade, and not come interrupting hore,' he said, advancing. ' Miss Hose and I wore ,-mjoying tho first t cle-a-tele wo have had einco injr ? arrival. ]3ufc aa you are hero, ? ? rand as Ibolieve wo aro to' dance tho german together ? ' ? ? , ' And you resign Miss Rose to mo P' said 1 'Doctor Frapk. -?:'; ! , ' 'Thoro is no alternative. Take good care of her, and — adieu.' , ', Ho led Kate out of tho conservatory. Doctor Frank offered his' arin to Rose, still hovering guiltily aloof, . '..?.. '?--?.?'..' And I bolievoyou promised to initiate mo into tho mysteries of tho gorman. Well, do you want mo?' ThiB last was to a man sorvant who had entored, and looked as if ho had something to ?say. ' Yos, sir— if you aro Doctor Danton.' ' I am Doctor Danton. What is it ?' ' It's a sorvant from tho Hall, sir. Captain Dan ton's complimontR, and would you go thoro at once P' : Robo gavo a little scream, and olutchod her ? companion's arm, ' Oh, Doctor Frank, can papa bo sick ?' y ' No, miss,' said tho man, respectfully, \ ?' it's not your father ?, it's tho young woman v .what sews. Thomas says'— hesitating. \ 'Well,' says Doctor Frank, 'Thomas Wyswhat ?' \ ' Thomas says, sir, she soo a ghost !' \' A what P' r Y A ghost, sir; that's what Thomas Bays,' \liod tho man, with a grin ; 'and she's ,-7/ho off into fainting fits, and would you; ,-?' '\\-turn at onco, ho says. Tho Bloigh is at the ' ^oor.' ? is ' Toll him I will bo there immediately. Ho turned to1 Robo, Bmiiing at hor blank face. ' What shall I do with you, inadomoisollo ? To whom Bball I consign you ? I must make my adieus to Mrs. Ponsonby, and depart.' Rose .grasped his arm, and hold it tight, hor bewildered eyes fix«d on his face. ' Seou a ghost !' sho ropoatod, blankly. , 'That is twice ! Dr. Frank, is Danton Hall haunted?' ' Yes, haunted by tho spirit of mischiof, in tho shape of Rose Dnnton, nothing worse.' , ' But this is the soebnd timo, There wob 'Oid Margery, and now^Aghes'Darling. Thoro 'must bo 'something in it !' ' 6f , course thoro is ^ an over-exoitod imagination. Miss Darling 'has seen a tall itreo covered with snow waving in tho moon x light, and has gpno'irito fainting fits. Now, ' V^y deaf miss, don't hold mo captive any '''^gor : for, trying as it is, Iroally mustloavo ? :'''S ^droppod his arm. -\,. ? /-'ios, go at onco. Novor mind mo } I am . going in soaroh of Kato.' It took somo timp to find Kato. Wbori found, Bho was dancing with a rod-coatod ofdeor, and Roso had to wait until tho dancd ?wfts over. .'?.('? Sho made hor way to hot BiBtor's aide im modiatoly. Miss Danton turnod to her with ra brillantsmilo, that faded at tho 'first glanoe. ' TIow palo you aro, Roso ! What in it?' ; ' Am I palq'p' said Roso, carelessly ; ' tho' llioat, I daro say. Do you know Dootor Frank has gono P' ' ; 'Gono!. Whoro?' . ! ' To tho Hall. Papa has 'Bontifor him.' I 'Papa? Oh, Roiio— — -' ' Thoro!' Thoro is,-no occasion to bo Alarmed ; papa is ttoII onough ; it is Agnes Darling.' ' Agues 1 What is tho matter with Agues?' ' Sho has soon a ghoat I' Kato stared — so did tho young ofllcor. ' What did you say, Roso P' inquired Kalo, wondovingly. -'? Sho — has — soon— a — ghost I' slowly ro ?rioatod Rouoi 'as Old Margory did beforo 'her, yon know ; mul, liko Margory, has gono ''off into fits. Papu sont for Dootor 'Frank, and ho dopavtod half an hour ago.' Slowly out of Kato's faoo orory traco of colour faded. Sho ro«o abruptly, a frightonod look in hor bluo oyoH. . . ', Roso, I must go homo — I must soo Agnos, Captain Griornon, will you bo kind enough to ?find Mr. Stanford and sohd him?' ' Captain Griorson hastonod on his mission. Roso looked atlior with wido open oyou. ' Go homo — so oarly I Why, Kate, what r ~afo' you thinking of P' / 'Of Agnus Darling. You can stay, if you liko. Sir Ronald is your escort.' . 'Thank you. A charming oBoort ho is, too — grimmor than old Timo in tho pri'mor. No ; u you loavo, ho do I.' Mr. Stanford sauntorod up whilo sho was fmoakiag, and Robo draw baok, ?? ''What is it, Kato P Griorson says you aro going homo.' , .,. _ Kate's aimwor was an oxplnnation. Mr. Roginald Stanford not up an indooorous la^A ghost ! That's capital ! Wlrf did you not' toll mo botoro that Dauton Hall wits -, haunted, Kato ?' , „ \ 'I want to roturn. immediately, wns fato'B answer, a.littlo ooldly.r'! mustHpoak ;,Tto Mrs. Ponsoriby, dud find Eotm To 11 Sir * Ronald, ploaso.and hdld yoiiraoif in roadinosH to attonrt hb.' ? Sho swept off with Roso to find their hostess. Mrs. Ponsouby's regrets were unut terable, but Miss Danton was rcnolnte. ' How absurd, you know, Helen,' sho said, to her daughter, when they were gone ; 'such nonsonso about a sick seamstress,' ' I thonght Kato Danton was prond,' said Miss Helen. ' That does not look liko it, I am not sorry she has gone, however ; hajf the men in tho room wore making idiots of them selves about her.' Kate and Roginald Stanford roturnod as they had come, in the light sleigh ; and Sir Ronald, Rose, and Eeny in the carriage. Rose, wrapped in her mantlo, shrunk away in a corner and never opened her lips. Sho watched gloomily, and so did tho baronet, tho cutter flying past over glittering snow, and Kate's sweet face, palo as tho moonlight itself . Captain Dnnton met them in the entrance hall, his florid face loss choory than usual. Kate camo forward, hor anxious, inquiring eyes speaking for her. ' B.efctor, my dear ; much hotter,' hor father answered. ' Doctor Frank works miracles. Grace and he aro with her ; he has given hor an opiato, and ,1 believe she is asleep.' ' But what is it, papsi ?' cried Roso. ' Did she seo a ghost?' ' A ghost, my dear,' said the captain, chucking her under the chin. ' You girls aro as silly as gooso, and imagine you soo anything you like. She isn't able to toll what frightoned her, poor lifctlo thing ! Eunico is tho onlyono who sooms to know anything afc all about it.' ' And what does Euaice say ?' askod Kato. ' Why,' said Captain Danton, ' it seems Eunico and Agnes wore to sit up for you two young ladies who aro not able to tako off your own clothes yet, 'arid they chose Rose's room to sit in. About two hours ago, Agnes com plained of toothache, aud said bIio would go down stairs for somo paiu-killor that iras in tho sowing-room, Eunice,, .who was half asleop, romained where sho was ; and ton minutes after hoard a scream that frightonod her out of her wits. Wo had all retired, but tho night-lamp . was burning ; and rushing out, Eunice found Agnos loaning against the ?wall, all whito and trembling. Tho moment Eunico spoke to hor, 'I saw his ghost!' she said, in a choking whisper, and fell back in a dead faint in Eunico'n arms. I found her so when'! camo out, for Eunico eried lustily for help, and Grace and all tho servants wero there in two minutes. Wo did everything for her, but all in vain. Sho lay liko ono dead. Then Grace proposed to sond for her brother. Wo sent. Ho came, and brought tho dead to life.' . 'An extraordinary tale,' said Reginald Stanford. ' Whbn she came to life what did sho say ?' 'Nothing. Doctor Frank gavo hor an opiate that soothed her and put her asloep.' As ho spoko, Doctor Frank, himself ap peared, his calm face as impenetrable as ever. ' How is your patient, doctor ?' asked Kato. . . ,. , . 'Much bettor, Miss Kato. In a day. or two tvo will havo her all right, I think. Sho is a nervous littlo croaturo, with an over strung and highly imaginative temperament. I wondor she has not Keen ghosts long ago.' , . 'You aro not thinking of leaving us?' said Captain Danton. 'Wo, no, I won't hoar of it. Wo can givo you a bod and ibroakfast hero oqual to anything down, at tho hotol, and it will save, yon a journoy up to-morrow morning. Is Gvaco with hor yot ?' 'Yos, Grace insists on remaining until morn- ; ing. There is no necessity, though, for she will' not awako.V ' Kato gathorod up the folds of hor rich ball dross, and ran up tho polished oaken stairs; nodding' adion. Not to hor own room, how oTcr, but to that of tho soamstrpss. Tho small chamber was dimly lighted by a' lamp turned low. By tho bodsido sat Grace, wrapped in a shawl j on the pillow lay tho white face of Agnes Darling, calm in hor Blumbor, but colourless as tho pillow itself. Kato bont over hor, and Graco 'aroso at hor entrance. It waB'sueh a contrast ; tho' stately, boautiful girl, with jewelled flowors in hor hair, hor cosfly robo trailing tho carpotlesB floor, tho perfume of hor dross and goldori hair scenting tho room, and tho wan littlo oroaturo, so wasted and pale, lying asloop on ,tho low -odd. Eor hands grasped tho bed clothes in hor shnnner, and with ovory riso and fall of hor breast, rose and foil a littlo lockot worn around hor nook by a black cord. Kato's finger touched it lightly. ' Poor soul !' sho said; ' poor littlo Agnos ! Avo you going to stay with hov until morning, Graco P' . . 'Yos, Miss Danton.' , : _ ' I oould not go to my room without sooing'horj but now thoro is ho nooossity to;, liugor. Good-morning,' Miss Danton lo£t tho room. ?? Grixoo sat' down again, and lookod at tho lockot curi ously. ?? ''I shbnkl liko to open that and soo whoao! picture it contains, and yot — 1_' , Sho looked a littlo ashamod, and drew baok | tho hand that touchorl it. But ouriosity— ', woman's ilifcousoat passion — was not to bo' roHistod. ? ' ' j 'What; harm can ifc ba ?' aho thought. 'Sho will novor know.' ? „ '; Sho liftod'tho lookofc,' lightly touchpd tho! Spring, and it flow open. It containod moro; than a pioturo, although th ore was a piottmr of a handsomo boyish face that sopiohow had 1 to Graoo a familiar look. A slip of foldod paper, a plain gold ring, and atrosB of brown, oiii'ly hair droppod' out. Grace opon'od tho' littlo slip of paper, and read it with an utterly confounded faoo. It was partly writfcon and partly printed, and was the marriage certificate of Agues Grant and H'onry Darling. It bore date Now York, two yoars boforo. ' Graoo'droppodtho1 paper tiBtoundod.' Miss AgrtoH Darling was iv married woman, thon, and, childish as sho lookod, had boon so for two1 yoars, What woro hor roaHons for' dony irtg it, ancl -whoro wasHonry Darling-^tload or 'deBoi^tod P , \ Sho lookod at the pictured faoo again, Vary good-looking, but vory .youthful and irresdluto; Whom has she ovor soon that lookod liko' that P Somo one, surely, for it was as familiar as hor' own in tho glass1, but who, or wlioro, or when1, wasull donsost mystory. ! Thoro was an uneasy movomont' of tlio sloopor. Graco, fooling ghilty, pnt baoklmsfc ily tho'troHB of hair — Ins, ho doubt, tho ring— a wadding ring, of coiit'sd— and tho marriage cortifioato. Sho olosod tho lookdt, and laid' if b'liok' on tho fluttering hoiirfc. : Poor littlo AgnoH I'thai, grijrtt 'tro'ublb of 'womiui'fl' lifo, loviiig'anil' letting, had:c6tnb; t6 lioi' thon ul ready.1' - In the cold, gray dawn of tho early morn ing, Grace resigned her office to Babette, tho housemaid, and sought hor room. Agnes Darling still slept — the merciful sleep Doctor' I Frank's opiate had given hor. CHAPTER IX. A GAME I'OR TWO TO I'LAY AT. A. cold, raw, rainy, diaraal morning — tho sky black and hopeless of Buushine, tho long bleak blasts complaining around tho old house, and rattling weirdly tho skeleton trees.' The rain was more sleet than rain, for it froze as it foil, and clattered noisily against tho blurred window- glass. A morning for hot coffee aud muffins, and roaring fires and newspapers and ensy-cliairs, and in which you would not havo tho heart to turn your enemy's dog from tho door. Doctor Dantou stood this wild and wintry February morning at his chamber window, looking onfc absently at the slanting sleet, not thinking of it — not thinking of the pale blank of wet mist shrouding tho distant fields and marshes, and village and rivor, but of some thing that mad o him knit his brows in por ploxed reflection. 'What was it sho saw last night?', ho mused. ' No spectre of tho imagination',' and no bonafide ghost. . Old Margery snw some thing, and now Agnes. I wpnder ? ' Ho stopped. There was a knock at tho door. ' Oomo in,' ho said, and Grace entered ' I did not know you werp up,' said Graco. ' But it is vory fortunate, as it happens. I have just been to Misq Dai-ling's room, and sho is crying out for you in tho wildest man ner.' . '. ? ' Ah !' said her brother, rising, 'has sho boon awake long?' ' Nearly an hour, Babetto tells mo, and all that timo sho has been frantically calling for you. Hor manner ia quite frenzied, and I fear ? ' ' What do you fear P' ' Tkat last night's fright has disordered her reason.' ' Heaven forbid ! I will go to her at onco.' Ho left tho room as he spoke, and ran up Btairs to tho chamber of the seamstress. The gray morning twilight stole drearily through tho cloBod blinds, and tho lamp burned dim' and dismal still, Babotto sat by the bedside trying to soothe hor charge in very baoV Eng lish, and evidently with but littlo success. The bed-clothes had been tossed off, the littlo thin hands closed and unclosed in them — tho groat dark eyes woro wido and wild — tho blaok hair all tossed and disordered on the pillow. ? Babotto roao precipitately at tho doctor's entrance. ' Horo's tho dootor, Meos Darling. May I go now, monsieur ?' | 'Yes1, you may go j but romain outside, in case I should want you,' ; He shut the door on Babotto, and took hor place by tho nick girl's bedside. Babitto lingered in the passage, staring at tho stormy morning and gaping forlornly. . ..'I hope .ho worvt bo long,' sho thought.. ' I want to go to bed.' . Doctor Frank, however, was long; Eight struck some whoro in the house j that | was half ah 'hour, and thol'o: was no sigh of his ;coming. Babotto .: aUivdi'od uiidor 'her shawl, and 'looked' moro droarily than ovor'at the' lashing sleot. ' ' Nine— ^anothor hour, ' and' ho 'sign; from tho sick-room yet. Babdtte ' i'obo up in despera tion, but just 'at' that moment Graob camo up stairs. ' You hero, Babotto !' sho said, surprised, ' Who is with: Agnos ?' ' , , ? ' Tho doctor, madomoisollo j ho, told nio 'to wait until ho camo out, arid I have waited, and I am too sleepy to waifs any longpri May I go, mademoiselle ?' ; 'Yos, go,' said'Gracb; '' I will 'take 'your 'phibe.' ?.?'' ! '?-''?,, BabotW departed with/ alacrity,' and, . Graco sat down by tho stormbeatpn. window!,' Sho listonod for 'somo'sound from the sib'k room, butnoho rewarded hor. Nothing was to bo hoard but the storm without, and now. and thon tho opening and shutting of somo ? door with'ili, . ti ' ^ : Another half-hour. Thon tho door of the dressmaker 'b room qponbd, 'and hor brothor camo out. How palo ho 'was^ — palpr and graver than his sister over romombored seeing him boforbi ' Woll,' sho said, rising, ' how is your pationt?' , . ,.'??' ?'Bettor,' he briofly tvnsworod, ' yovy mnoh hotter.' ? . ? : 'I thought sho was worse, you look so' palo.' .'?' 'Palo, do IP This dismal morning, I suppose^ Grace,' ho said, lowering Iub tone, and looking at hor fixedly, '' whoso ghost did old Margory say sho saw P' ' Whoso ghost p What a question 1' ' Answor it I' ... ?' Don't bo so imporativo, pleaso. Mastor Harry's ghost, sho said.' : ? . i 'And Master Hurry as Onptain Danton's Son.' ' : ; 'Was — ho is doad now?' 'Yos, yos 1 ho was [killed iii Now YofTe, I boliovq.' . . ' So they say. Tho family nbvor speak dfi him. Ho was tho blaok shoop of tho flook, ; you know. . But why do you ask P Was it, his ghost Agnes saw P' ?? i , ' Nonsense! Of oourso not! What should! sbo know of Captain DautonV'son P Somo ono — ono of tho servants, probab'ly — camo' up tho stairs and frightod lior out of hor nervous wits. I havo boon -trying to talk a littlo son's'o into hor foolish hoad thoso two Kdurs.' ' And liavo you' HuocoododP' ???'? 'Partly. But don't ask her' any' questions on tho . subjoot, and don't lob Miss Danton or any ono who may. visit horask any qu'ostions. It upsets hor, and I won't buanHw'orablb foi1 tliooonsoqucncos.' ? *' Itis vory strange,' 'said Grapoj. looking at hor brothor intontly, 'vory'Htrango that Old Margory and Agnos Darling should both soo aii apparition in this honaor' Thoro' must'bt' somothing in it,' , ? ? 'Of oourso thoro in — didn't I toll you bo P \- — an overheated imagination. 'Ihavb'knowii moro extraordinary optical' 'illusions than that in my timo. How in Morgory-^bottor again P' . i'No, intlood. Sho will novor got bvbr hor soaro in this woi'ld, Sho koops! a/ liglit in hor roonvall night, and 'makes ono of tlib'nmids sloop with hor, aiid won't bo alouo a mtimdnt, .niglit or day.' 'Ahl' Baid Dootor Fraiik, with _ yvo IfosBional apathy. . 'Of oourso i; 'Sho is an 'old woman', and wo - oovtld hardly oxpeo'tsany-' :thing olao. . D6os 'eh'o talk muoh ol tho' ghost'B'' ' No. The slightest allusion on the subject agitates her for tho whole day. No ono dare mention ghosts in Margery's pre sence.' 'I hope you will all be equally discreet with Miss Darling. Timo will wear away tho hallucination, if you women only hold your tongues. I must caution Rose, who has an unfortunate habit of letting out whatever comes uppormost. Ah ! hero sho is!' 'Wero you talking of mo?' inquired Miss Roso, tripping upstairs, fresh and pretty, in a bluo merino morning dress, with soft wnito trimmings. (To he continued.) 