THOMAS JARIVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble homes of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Orown.lane, Ultimo. He was discovered, nursing a two year-old baby, sad his face declared him to be one of the hapliiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " flow long were you sufferingl" "Well, twelve months ago I got so had that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accilent; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt.street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years gradual developemeot of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Gl?be Island." " What were the symptoms !" "Simply indiscrihbble. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as Icould bear. They were for all. the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hope. leas. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Inatitutions." "Did you make use of the order " "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charao terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and ditticulty in co-ordinating voluntary move. ments. Ife told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Juost then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in tile case of another boiler.maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a cas, which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box., The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, andl am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with tile aid of astick, and alm gradually, but surely, recovering my firmer vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The inok 'ills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvia looked ten years younger that day thian he did a fortnight previously. SI can nlow," continued Jarris, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs, If I keep on going tile way I amn, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to wo k at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past live years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to those Pink Pills. They have nssel my life. I ams in no pain now', whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mentelpiece there is a box of opium and emorphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden tile excrucioling pain. But they cau stay where they ae, for I no longer need them. Every. body who knows ale has been amazed at the chauge in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. Jly being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable listory, and it eoufirmus what is said in all the chiei news. papels of this country of the astonishiu, cures wrought by Dr. \\\illi mns' Pink tells for Pale People. They cure Incm e taor etaxy, partial paralyeis, awl spinal disease, also the many disorders lwhich arise fromn an impoverished staete oi the blood, such as an:emia, pale an I sallow complexion, general nuscular weakness, indigestion, less of appetite, shbrtness of lreath, pains in the back, nervous ?sadache, etc, 