DELIGHTS OF DROWNING. AN EXPERIENCED VIEW. "Drowning Is a pleasant demir i » remark constantly uimlc ny those who never gulped ilovvn salt water into the delicate tissues of their lungs. . . . As a lad I was bntliiua in rouirti weo. tlier on the bench of n wnierhig-pkicc lu Northern France. Swept out to sea, 1 struggled, sank .became Insensible, nud was saved by the courage and skill nf u gallant Fivuehnmn-whu wrote his name that day in my mother's .\Vu Testament as a memorial of the rescue. This was all. The clrcmustnnecs were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact that 1 remem- her all that happened during a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but which appeared to bo ns many hours. Almost immediately J entered (he water, thu much-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful— full of foreboding nnd ter ror. Ashamed of this fancy, I Instinc tively hut foolishly.fougiit my way sea wards, and was promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to ruii any risk, for 1 could not swim, but be cause the strong current had scooped out a hollow lu the sandy bottom, which had six feet of water on the top of It. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of Ihe moment when the water closed over my head for the first time oanuot he described. It was the bitterest |k>!ii1 of the si nig gle. Ortiel and omnipotent, force, with out warning or reason,. surrounded me. and my frantic und determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to cease holding my breath, and to Inhale once nioiv. t fell Instinctive- ly. a 1 writhed in Hie cold, black water, that If once 1 Hueeuml»eil Io tbe tempta tion to expel my -breath, which nlmos; hurst the ribs In. my angry efforts to 'rrtn'ln 'Iry fhi'onfi' wuulil should be compelled to breathe Inwards while covered with the ptes-dug salt water. At lids time I must have given way. and tlie dreaded stream of air- bubbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before L bad watched Hie drowning of a eat on the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, ami bad fought with upturned face for liberty. When Ihe bubbles rose In a sliver fountain from the corners of Its mouth. It stood at the boltom swaying lu the gentle cur rent. turned over, aud after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene iiiiiu> vividly before me. i thought of this wretched cat. and was half amused to think that my en so was tho case of the cut. There was no fear; the actual circumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape, nud the Inability of my efforts suddenly became subordinated to the .feeling of luioter- ahlc palm Eyes, chest, limb, were all one solid pain. Just tliou 1 touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand ami water to thrust In .my mouth to end Hits struggle for air. All I wanted was to end Hie pain. No thought of death, except as an Inte resting nnd Immaterial fuetor In the 'situation enine over mo. h is true that I remembered that I should he missed when dinner time came, aud 1 was found missing; aud thinking of the home people. I thought of a blue He 1 had left on a ehest or drawers In my bedroom, which 1 bad intended to put on. Then, suddenly. I found my eyes above water for u second, and I saw nvo blurred figures near. On this 1 Mink again, nud was conscious of re laxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what Hie dreams weir. From this I awoke In great pain Iu the centre of a crowd on the beach, whither my reseller had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite aud unreasoning shame; but tbe nausea caused by swallowing so much salt water quickly brought inc back (o earth again. 