THE-GHDST CF HEYTOH CRANOL ! /ypSSf'- / ft)s OMK years ngo I f% / ' ' n ^^ m e b Gascoyne -ty'S- \ dressed in a suit ?-&/' N^ of Scotch gray Nkxi\rf^ \ sporting clothes. is?' ' irv^hi \ Ifc wa3 at il rai1' l/ll^i \v£MJ tt'ay stalion« and l^^Amfflr --o had beside v^^^, him his gun-cuse and fishing-rods. Knowing that iie was not a man to spend a great derd of money on his own pleasure, I guessed at once that he had been lucky enough to receive an invitation from some one who possessed fishing and shooting rights. ' Hallo, Gnscoyne,' I ¥aid, as I came up with him, ' what's ihe eame now ? This looks something like business.' 'Ah, my boy.' says he, ' I should think it does, tuo. Old Jefferson has been looking out for a country place for some time, you know, and he has managed to find one up in the north at a marvellously cheap rent. He's liiken it for twelvo months, and if he likes it he has the chance of bisying it at a ridiculous figure. ' VVIiy, what's the matter with it?' I Fa id. 'Oh, uolhing,' he replied, ' I hat I know of, but. it doesn't suit the owner for some reason, and he has iiad it on his hands for a veiy long time and could not let it, and 1 suppose he got tired of it and thought ho would get rid of it at any pnec. Jefferson writes me that it is really a grand place, with sume glotious shooting and fishing, and u ruilly magnifi.ent hou.-e, and he's asked me to go and have a month's sport. ,1 thought it was loo good a chance to be missed, and su I packed up my traps at once, and I'm of!'.' At I hist the I rain came ut) and after see ing l.itsi conifi rtably scttlid in a corner seat and -.vishiii}; him goud sport and a high old time 1 strode away. H'hut was my sus j.iisc, in a little more than a week aheiwaids, to meet him ono evening in Ihe .High-street as I was return ing from business. '? Why, (j'asp.oyne,' I saiJ, ' whatever has bn, ught you back again so soon 1 I thought you were going to stay a month.' ' Nover a ni:iirtli would I stay at that place for any price,' he replied ; ' bub come, let us walk up lo ihe Ring of Bells al the end of the vi htge. We shall bo quiet there, and I'll till you all about it. It makes me feel so cjurer tveiy time I think of it that, I really can't (ell you without a glass of something.' Ws went up lo the old inn, and before a comfortable alass and blazing liro we I. tour I.iipus, and he commenced : — f '.k-llersun w.is right when he said he had a splendid p. ace. It's lallen into disrepair a link- through being uiilcuanicd so long ; but Hey t on (Jrai-.ge, as it is called, is a regular country nian.-iun, with a magnifi cent hull, frio laige entertaining rooms, and 1 dou't know how many bedrooms up u t airs. I found he'd iuviltii quite a number of fellows, and inlenduil having a regular spooling party s aying in the house, but he had asked ni-i u a day or two in ad vance, so that wo could have a quiet time together before Ihe ri'St came. ' We hud throe most enjoyable days The country round was magnificent. We had a few idle shuts, and cast a fly or two for trout as we sauntered along, talking of old times, »nd these lazy I rials were suffi cient to show us th.it we should have fine sport when we commenced in earnest. We spent these d.tys alone, aud J- fit- rson and* I slept together dm ing that time, for we are old fiiends, as you know, aud I liked better to be with him than t- be in the room allotted to me in I he far off west wing until that part of the hou?e was occu pied by suine of the other visitors. On the fourth day they came. We had a glorious time of it. and went to bed t it ed out. I chopped to sleep at. once, but after some two hours 1 woke up 1'iiUicd in a cold per spiration and with a Icniblo feeling that I could not account for. '? Whether 1 had been dreaming or not I could not toll, but. I raised myself on one arm and looked around the room, and there right by the foot oF the bed I saw— the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. ' The face was as while as marble and the eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me. Terrified, 1 was unable to stir, and the figure gradually floated away and disap peared through the panels of the wall, heaving its it did so a low, deep sigh. ' Of course, sleep was impossible after tlnil. I lay in a state of terror until morn ing, but 1 managed to drop into a troubled, brtken sliimi.er as daylight appeared, and slept on uneasily until I was startled by a knock at the door, aud the announcement that the first bic.ikfa.-t bell had: rung. I ...a..* rl..««..i ^i Ii *vtt/f;wf. witli I li;- nf?V*pt*3 n the night's apparition r-t 'II upon me, though wearing away and graving fainter eveiy moment, and inline I hml fiui.-hed my second cup of cike. what I had supposed to be the usual -|uer» in suuh oases arose in my mind — C/'nu!d I. after all, have fancied that the apparition appeared ? ' Was it possible that it could be the result of ii disordered imagination ? In the night 1 had made up my mind lo tell my fiieud what had ocouried and leave Iho house at once, but now I feared ihe ridicule of the company, aud was, indeed, likely soon to laugh mys-elf ai d wonder how 1 could have been so su| er.-tittous. 1 raised my head and bigan to join in the conversa tion and lo talk ovi-r the arr;nigen o ils for another day's sport, when at the far ind of the table I m ticod a guitleinaii who laughed the loudest yesterday, and whose eallies had amuse 1 us all, but who was now silent suit! taciturn. ' ' He teemed quite unable to do justice to Ihe guod things provided by our host, and oiilv utiswirrd in monosyllable's when sp- ken lo. It was evident that his mind was ill at eii:t:, and that ho was labouring under som« stiong exc t. me tit.. As soon as brcnkiWt was over I sought him out and said to him — 'I am afraid aunclhing has happened to :lislurbyou ; you wire in'such excellent spun* no «e P't'ed 1 ist m»hl aud btomed so very clilTtjieiil at iho table I his morning that 1 feel sure something must be tho mutter.' ''No,' ho replied. 'I'm all right, thanks; I .certainly don't feel vc-ty lively jnsl now, bunt will «-ar off ptc-intly.' I * * 1'crli »!-** \ol- didn't ha»e v good uight't-ie-i:1 I -ij».in'l '?p--lI»'J»; slowly -ttid pomicdh. -? ? iwi| J) «, iJ, I t.nii of » i ih it I did, but I do not. wish lo epeitk of it ; 5t would only put Jtflor-oti about.' ''Tell me,' I said, 'did anything dis turb you ? Did you see anything V and in my eiigernocs I laid my hand upon his shoulder. '? ? I did,' he slid : ' why do you ask ?' ' ' Because 1 eaw something myself ; what did you see ':' ' ' 1 saw,' he said, and shuddered as he spoke. ' the bust of a woman cut off at the waist !' xTeciseiy wnau x uuvo c^» *?? *???« night !' I ejaculated. ' I saw it at the foot of my bed, and it seemed to disappear through the panel of the wall. Is your room in the west wing at the end of the great passage V ' ' It is,' he replied. ' ? Then the apparition must have en tered your room when it left mine, for you are evidently sleeping in the next room to me. What is to be done ?' '' We cannot stay, and I certainly do not like the idea, of breaking up tho party.' wen, we rciiKeu ii/ over wu^ mm earnestly, and at last arranged to stay that night at any rate and see if it visited us again. ' After another day'u sport, during which we forgot our fears, night came on, and we once more retirnd lo our rooms, but not to bed. I was very tired, and I sat up watching until long past the time Ihe ap parition had appeared on the previous night, and then overcome with fatigue I threw aside my fears, and throwing my self on the bed was asleep in a moment. ' I could not have slept very long — not many minutes— when I awoke with a start, and I felt at once that the thing was by me. In terror I opened my eyes. Oh, horrors ! The bust of I he woman was lying by my side on the bed, with her head upon the pillow ! ??What happened after that I do not know, for I musi, have lost consciousness for a moment', and when 1 recovered the fearful thing had vanished. I jumped from the bed and rushed instantly into my neighbour's loom, hu! iie was lying upon ths rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on his face, and as he opened h'-s eye.s and revived a little I made him ts'kea goud draught of brandy fiom uiy hunting flask which I had with mo. '?He quickly came to himself, and silting up he tokl me iie had dozed ofl in his chair and had been suddenly awakened by the toucn oi a iieam-coin ntinii upon ins i ore- head, and found the apparition close to him, ga/.ing with entreaty in her eyes into his face. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as 1 found him. 'We Nil tout-llicr and talked long and earnestly, and at length decided th-tt we would make the be.-t excuse to our host, urging some sudden call back loour homes, and would leave ihe house that morning. 1 am afraid Jc-ilerson must have felt hurt at our sudden departure, but stay we could not, fo we came away, and here I am,' Gascoyne and 1 sat talking and con jecturing about the ir.\sl.rious visitant un til late I hut. night-. Weeks and months passed, anel it gradu ally became only a teriible memoiy of which we spoke now and again, until one day Gascoync: knocked hurriedly at my tloor, and saying in an excited manner, ' Put on your hat and come wish me,' he led me without, a word to the ol:l Kintr of Bells. As soon as we weie s,;\ted in the little room behind the bar he began hur riedly — ' I've jurt had a letter from Jefferson. He had a Christmas parly at He- ton last week and one of the gua-ts who had been placed in the room I slept, in shrieked out that she had seen a ghost, and when they had ca'mul her sulJieiently to speak coher ently she declared thut it took the form of the bust of a woman. Jeffeison remembered our hasty flight and thecmiously embar rassed way in which we made our excuses for leaving him so su.l 'eiily, ami believing now that it mu:t have beer, in some way connected with I he .apparition that, so lei ri fle;! his lady visito1', ho made ii,- his mind there aud thin that together with ihe bravest , of his visitors he woulti himsel watch on thr following ni^ht. lie did so, and soon afte-r midi.iglit- ihe re.-llers spirit returned .once, niore. He and hisfiieiid nerved tliem.sehesaiid spoke to.it, demand ing the reason for its piescuce.in the house. It gazed upon :hem for a moment, and beckoning them to follow it fl-al- d out and led them through a secret door on ihe lop landing into a small room under tiie roof, where they found a worm-cat en chest, mid whieh the appari'. ion scuikri! to disappear. They rushed downstair.-, and quickly returning wilh two -r thive men servants they broka open the lid and wore hornli d to discover the lower part of a woman's body, wlr'c'i. f:oni its (I composed state, had evidently been I here, for years. Upon inquiry t hey learned that a long t'nio before a murd. r ' had been commit tefl, «nd the murderer, who was theuiifur.(unrJ.u woman's husban 1, had severed Ina victim at the wairt, and that her bust^iaving been dis covered it had beeiivbiiritd in the church yard, but that. scai ch for, the lower pan of the body had Ijc-jii in vain. As soon as Jefferson and iii-s .fik-n.ls co'..L! arrange wilh the am hoi ilie»a the ghastly object in Iho trunk had .been, buried bpsi'le the bust.' That whs Gascoyne's tale, and he was able lo inform mo from a furl her communi cation he received fiom Jefferson that the midnight visit tint had nev-.r appeared again My friend was a .nuui for whom 1 enter tained the highest regard, and I had eveiy reason to believe in his integrity. Ho declared to me that every part of ihis strange narrative is true, and I have never been inclined to doubt it. 