TIE HOST OITHSAf-i MILL, BY W. W. It does not matter to llio reader that I was not always a trapper; I am one tiow, but have kept enough of my old literary taste to enjoy a paper now and then, and to take a great interest in the stories printed in them, especially if they have appearance of trutlifui «ess with them: and it lias occurred to me that someone might like to read a story about the old mountain mill, for the truth of which I am ready to vouch. A few years ago, things having been steadily going back with me for some time, I invested what little I had left in a horse and trap, with some bedding and such necessaries as might start me fairly in the trapping trade. I do not mean rabbit trapping; 1 was going in lor more profitable skins,and had made some skirt of the Buffalo ranges my intended locality. It was pleasant weather at the end of summer, and. I vastly enjoyed the journey up. .1 reached the last bit, of civilised track, as I might call- it. near sundown one . day, and deciding to camp there, took my horse out. of the trap and camped by the side of the creek opposite Carr’s Accommodation House. When. 1 had fed the animal and made things snug for the night. I went up to Carr’s. As 1 neared the long, low tenement of wood, that, was store and shanty and accommodation house all in one. I stood in the middle of the road and looked round me at surroundings one does not see many times in a lifetime. A greitt range of hills, running just there almost due north and south, with gaps and gorges breaking them up hero and there, and mountain streams among the tangled wildness oj’ green growing things. Hashing down from rock to rock in the fading sunlight that made the waters red and golden for the moment. "A land of beauty.” I said, aloud, as I joined the man I took to lie Carr, standing in liis own doorway. “Yes,” lie answered, "and a land of romance, too, if you only knew it, but, for all that, the devil of a wilderness to dwell in. Are you coming in? 'and. if I may ask without offence, where are you shaping for so late?” "I go no farther to-niglit: I camp Iiere to-uiglit. and I don’t think it likely that I shall go very much farther, .in the morning. I’m come up with the intention of trapping.” "Oh, well, you couldn’t find a more likely spot, I take it. The hills are smothered with possums and native bears, not to mention tiger eats and all the varieties’of the kangaroo tribe. That first gorge to the right is just your ticket, and there’s a sort of track up as far as the old mill that would be useful to you as you have a trap.” “The old mill? What’sort of a mill is it?” “A sawmill. .Oh. come inside and sit down, if you want to bear some thing about the old sawmill. Didn’t 1 tell you we laid our romances? Well, our romance is the old sawmill.” The man was laughing, hut. not in an open, hearty manner, as I followed him and seated myself more anxious to talk about my own prospects, and to get information than I was to bear ro mances. "Are there any dwellings at all up the gorge or gap where the mill is?” I asked. "There must be some one about tile mill if it’s working at all.” . “Now, if yon will listen to me I’ll fell you the queerest stoiy you ever heard in all your born days.” the man said, quietly, "and by the time you've hoard it you’ll know all you want to know about the dwellers in the gap. If you turn your eyes westwards you will see that there are a good many settlers and cultivators, though many of the ■places where they live are bidden by the spurs of the range, and the heavil.v timbered laud here and there on the slopes. That was the reason why the mill I’m going to tell you of paid so well, after old Peter Dolman put it up and got it into working order about eighteen months ago.” "Isn’t it paying now. then?” 1 ques tioned. as Carr paused to get his pipe. "Wait, aud you’ll hear. Dolman was always known in the neighborhood (which is a wide one. as you see) as a disagreeable, crusty old chap, who had got a good bit of money saved up. and was not satisfied without adding to it, though lie is nearer eighty than seventy, and without a soul belonging to him but one grown up daughter that lives with him. Well, lie got tlie sawmill put up, engaged a young man who understood the work, and started, as I said, about eighteen mouths ago. “There were not so many settlers then as there are now. hut there was it good bit of busli building going oil, so that the mill was kept busy, there being none other nearer than the one at Craysfoot ten miles oil’. Things went -on all right, until one night, about six months ago now, young Kingst’ord. the -chap that worked tlie saw-mill, disap peared, was murdered, it is said, aud so now tlie mill is worked by his ghost.” "Stuff and nonsense,” I cried. “It’s worked without hands, anyhow, and I don’t mean to try and explain such mysteries of tlie other world. I believe in the spirits of murdered men appearing, I do, and so you may think I’m prejudiced, but any man about here will tell you the same story.” "I. don’t quite understand what yon mean. How is the sawmill worked without hands?” ’ . “When a man round here wants any rough sawing done, he simply carts liis , timber to the mill, and leaves it there, . marked as lie wants it sawn, and when ! he goes to cart it away he leaves tlie ] money inside tlie old hut on the win dow-sill. You may be sure, that is done by daylight, for there isn’t a man in tlie valley that would go into that hut after dark: f The blood*stains.are red yet where it is believed young Kings l’ofd fell under the murderer's hand.” “Was tlie body ever found ?’’ “No, it wasn’t, aud so old Dolman's .story that be packed him off because be had tlie clieek to be courting liis girl on tlie sly was listened to; but when the-spirit of voting Kingston! began to be talked about, aud the; saw-bench be gan to move at night, when the sluice was turned oil without bands, no man believed old Dolman’s tale.” “Pah! It's the old fellow himself fhat’s working the tiling,” I said; "I suppose he gets more for the sawing by encouraging tlie ghost belief.’’ “He gets nothing: it would be simply impossible for old Pete Dolman to step over bis own threshold now. lie was struck with some sort of paralysis of tlie legs the very night that. Herbert Kingston! disappeared. If I believe in spirits, 1 believe in judgments, too, and I believe that old Dolman’s ‘stroke’ was a judgment on'him for his sin.” “Ob, if judgments, as you call them, were sent on ns for sin, neither you or I should have escaped,” I re marked. “Neither you .or me have committed the sin we are talking about,” lie an swered, sharply. "I hope’neither of us are murderers. I know I'm not.” I laughed a bit, seeing that Carr was angry. . “Well, we won’t quarrel about it. Mr Carr; you say no one would go into the lint after dark. What sort of it place is it?” f i “A tidy enough place, built with] rough sawn timber, and lias a good bush chimney. I've not been up my self, but they tell me that it’s just as young Kingsford left it.” “I wonder if the old chap would let me live in it.” "Live in it ? . Ton? By the Lord, I wouldn’t live near the place for hun dreds a year ! Oh, I daresay he'd be only too glad./ At all events, the mill is not a quarter of a mile from Dol man’s place, and if you go up the gap you can easily ask him.” "I ■will. I will go up to see the place early to-morrow, and if I like it I will see Pel or Dolman.” I thought a good deal of Carr's story before I fell asleep that night, under the tarpaulin thrown over my trap, for I had a little bit of super stition about me. although I had not exhibited it to Catr. 1 was full of ro mance. too, as an old schoolboy, and felt a deep curiosity about the mystery of young ICingsford’s disappearance, as well as a hope that I might be able to throw some light upon it. A lovely drive the next morning iuto the gap, that was a perfect wilderness of Australian nature, brought, me, after about, a mile’s drive, to the old mill that was at the end of the green barely marked' track that I had fol lowed. Oue could not conceive a lone lier place. The mill itself was only a big sited, covering tlie rough machinery that workd the circular saw, and the long saw bench on which the timber was laid and cut. The driving wheel was worked by water, but the sluice that led the stream from a little dam higher up on the hill was dry when I first saw it, though there were heavy dew drops on every bit of herbage around it. ■ I had dismounted from the trap and turned to have a look for the where abouts of the hut. It stood half hidden among tall, thick trees, whose shadow lay heavily on its roof, and it was about forty yards from the saw bench. Going closer to tlie lint,I saw that the wooden door was fastened only on the outside by a hasp and staple, through which a peg of wood was passed loosely. I opened tlie door and entered. The chimney was wide, and the rain and drip from the big trees had been running down its stone sides and back, wetting a heap of sodden ashes that showed the remains of a . > wood lire, There was a bed place in one corner, a few- rough shelves and a. hush table. Tlie floor was roughly covered with boards that yet retained deeply tlie marks of the circular saw used in cut ting them, and in front of tli.e fire was a great red stain ingrained, into tlie boards, and splashed in more than one spot between the principal stain and the door were red marks, fresh looking, as if they had been made but a few days before. 1 went, to tlie little window of four panes, and looked through it, seeing nmy hero and there between tlie droop ing branches and undergrowth parts of the mill bench, and the shed that sheltered it. I noticed, then, for the first- time that the side of the shed nearest the imt was hoarded, in for about half its length. Then I,looked down at the bit of board that formed tlie window- sill Carr had spoken of.aml took up a bit of paper rliat lay there. The paper had evidently, been wrapped round coin, and bad oil it tlie words in pencil. "Fifty feet for Dan Tynan.” It was a lonely, miserable-looking place, that empty liut.aud a dozen mur ders might have been committed in it without the world ever bearing of them, but it only wanted light and air. A few hours’ work among the trees would let tiie sunlight- in, and give the ghosts a chance to (escape from it. That was my decision as I went out agaiu. leaving tiie door wide open to let the air in. Going hack to tbe trap I licard the sound of wheels.-and turning in the di rection saw coming toward the mill, witt* two roughly-squared, logs on a dray, a horse driven by a man' in bis shirt sleeves, who didn’t seem to be much impressed by the dread of ghosts." ior he was whistling loudly. The road lie was advancing by was a much bet ter ;rack than the one I had approached by. and seemed to have been used fre quently enough to keep dowu tlie grass on Die footway. A very matter of fact customer was this new-comer; he took no notice of me'whatever until lie had deposited his logs in the vicinity of the saw bench, but. then, as he drew the liie-ge away, and the body of the dray fell back on the shafts, lie put in the lynch pins and spoke to me. ".Stranger, I guess';” he questioned,, as he turned his sharp eyes from my trap to myself. "Yes.” I replied. "What's the game, mate?” "1 intend to try trapping about here.” "Yes: well, it’s a better spot than a good manv. Have you beard of the Hill Ghost?” "Yes; I stopped at Carr’s last night.” "Yes, yes; he’d tell you the story of the ghost, never doubt him! But I’m very sure lie doesn't believe a word of it himself.” . "Why should he tell it as if be did, the u?” "To make himself a. person of conse quence before strangers, and because lie has. and always had, a down on old Dolman since they quarrelled a couple of years ago.” •‘You don’t, believe that a ghost works the mill, then. ?” "Do I look like a fool?” he asked, with ineffable contempt, as lie drew a. bit of chalk from his pocket, and, stoop ing over his logs, scrawled on them, "quartering, John Mills.” "No. sir; I don't, believe in humbugs of a'iiy sort, and Bill Carr is about as 1 big a one as you’ll tiud. I don’t believe ; that ITerb. Kingsford was murdered at all. nor I don’t care whether lie was or 8 not. as l’ar as that goes. One thing I ' do know, and that is that the other saw mill is ten miles off, and'it pays me to give old Miser Dolman a cent, or two ’ more for tlie sawing I want. Dolman was always a. queer card, aud if lie wants to make a gliosf'of himself be fore liis time it’s nothing to me—ghosts don't want, money.”-., "But. Carr said that Dolman is para Ivsed?” •'Maybe lie is. and maybe lie isn’t. “It's all one to me so long as I get. my wood sawn. If old Pete doesn't do it himself someone else does;” and with a "Gee up!” and a. "So long!” .Tolm Mills drove liis empty dray home again, whistling "I Care for Nobody. No Not I; and Nobody Cares for Me,” as lie sat oil liis shaft, dangling liis legs over tlie long grass by tbe roadside. Of course, tlie man liad talked sense. I knew that very well. Still, I was an xious to find out what old Dolman’s reason for pretending that lie was para lysed. as well as tlie truth of the report about young Kingston! having been murdered. However, my first business was to see to tlie safety of my property, aud without tlie least hesitation of con science I unharnessed tlie horse, and tethered him among the rich grass near tlie haunted mill, and then 1 unloaded the trap aud carried all my belongings iuto the hut, fastening tlie door with • the padlock belonging to my “ tucker box.” Then I set my face toward old Peter Dolman's place, to which Can had directed me the nearest way, which was up the hill behind the saw mill, and following pretty closely the race that was fed by a sluice from tlie more elevated dam. I found this out as I trod tbe well-marked path that followed the easiest c-urves on the face 5 of the Range, until it landed me on the bank of the little dam, which had, 1 thought, very unnecessarily been form ed to store the waters of a never-failing mountain stream. Once there I saw the simple mecha nism that admitted the water into the sluice, and thence to the race. I noticed too that .the water in the dam was below its usual level, although I could from where I stood hear the leaping fall of water over the mountain - cas cades, and see in places the white spray rising from the deep pools hidden by the thick shrubs far higher up on the Range. I was observing the margin marks on the border of the dam, show ing the lowered level of the water, when I saw what looked like the brim of an old felt hat just showing at'the clear edge of the shallow. You .may be sure I was curious enough to pick it. out, and hold-it up, all dripping, for a nearer inspection. It had been a brown boxer hat, and there were dark stains along one side, under a straight cut that might have been made by a bullet. Now. I had never heard the particu lars. or, rather, the supposed particu lars, of young Iviugsford’s murder, but if he was really missing and this should prove to have been his hat the evidence might be valuable. I stowed the hat carefully among some long grass under a bush, and went on my way to old Dolman’s. , r . I had not much further to go. On a plateau that sloped .gradually down to the valley beyond stood a weather board and weatherbeaten house, with a good many stable or other buildings arid sheds at the back, where there was also a great stack of newly-cut hay. .There were garden and vines in pretty good order, but-no more cultivation in sight than just enough to grow fodder or grain for the; use of the cattle that were here and. there about, the fences, not yet perhaps having scattered to pasture or water since they were milked. There was a middle-aged man feeding calves inside, and I went straight to him, asking if I could see .ur Dolman. The man looked at me curiously while the calves finished the milk in the trough, and then he said he would see. Mr Dolman had not been well during the niglit, and might lie tell the master ivhat my business was? "You may say it’s about the old saw mill!” I replied, and I saw in the man's eyes a queer anxiety that puzzled me. He was riot loug gone, however, when lie came back to lead me into the house, where I saw old Deter Dolman, for the first time. The first look into his face assured me that it was not the owner who work ed tlie mill at niglit. for he looked more like a dead man than a living one. as far as color went. His deep sunken eyes, however, glared with a feverish looking fire, as they;turned to me ques tiouingly. and his hollow cheeks were movpd in and out by the working of ibis almost toothless jaws. He half gat, half reclined, in an old-fashioned arm chair. that had rough home-made wheels to it. and the. lower part of his body was hidden by wrappings of blankets and rugs. "Aye?” lie. said sharply, “aye? what’s tliis you want about the sawmill. Dike your cheek indeed calling it an old saw mill, aud it built since that dog was pupped..' AYhat do yon want about tlie mill? I wish you'd rent. it. Open your mouth, man, and don’t stand, staring there like a donkey!” , “I will, sir,” I replied, as I drew for ward a chair and seated myself.' “I ex pressed myself badly to your man, I’m afraid, for my business is not concern ing, the sawmill at all, but about the hut!”' ••AVbat .about the but?'’.. . “I want” to know if you’ll let me live in it?” “What!” he roared, “live in tlie mill hut! Don’t you know it’s haunted by the spirit of a murdered man, and that ids blood is in great stains on the floor!” •*Ivc heard that, yarn, and don’t be lieve a word of it.” Old Pete laughed a horrible laugh, that made me think of unholy things. “Neither do I. I’m glad to hear a sen sible man talk at last. Of course, you can live in it and welcome, and if you can find out. wlio is playing the ghost down there to annoy and drive me mad I'll make you a present of a five pound note. To think,” lie went on, in an excitement, of rage fearful to witness, • to think that I'm here helpless, a man that six months ago was the strongest within twenty miles; to think that I must sit here helpless! Oh, if I had only my legs! My hands are strong enough yet to tear the villains that are mocking me to pieces, but I can’t stand! Why was such a. curse put upon me ? I, that six mouths ago could toss a man over my shoulder dead or alive, aye, j and did it!” “Oh. father, you will be ill, indeed you will! Calm yourself; you know what the doctor said.” “Curse tlie doctor, and you too! It was your uudutiful conduct that brought me to this. Get but of my 1 sight and let me talk to the man.” The girl, a. sweet-faced woman of 25 or so, turned to tlie door with great pain and sadness in her gentle eyes, and seeing how ill the old man' really looked I rose to go. “I’m going to trap for skins in tlie Gap.” I said; '‘and if I have your per mission I will camp in tlie hut l’or a time at least. But you are uot very well this morning, Mr Dolinan, and I will come up to see you again about the matter.” “Stop!” lie whispered, after, a glance round the room to see that we were alone, -stop!” and he held out a visibly shaking hand to emphasise what he was saving. “If you see anything of a real spirit down by the mill you will come and tell me, won’t you?” "I will; I promise you faithfully.” “They say the sluice is opened, and the miil worked without bauds every night; but it’s a lie. isn’t it?” “I'm quite sure it is. Tlie tiling is quite impossible.” "Thank"Heaven for that!" Yes, it.is quite impossible. Oh. I’m going to get well very soon, and then I'll go down and make spirits of them—the cowards! Tne cowards to torment an old man so. But I’m strong yet, and I’ll be even with “I went out. with a feeling of horror over me, for from tlie wretched old man's manner I had'drawn the con clusion that he had really murdered the poor young lover of his daughter, and that his conscience was arousing from a hardened sleep. Standing outside tlie door into tlie yard was tlie girl Margaret Dolman. She was holding her apron to her eyes, sobbing, and near her was the man wlio liad been feeding tlie calves. It was tlie latter wbo addressed me. “She is in great trouble about the Father,” lie said; “he’s very bad. isn’t, he?” “I am afraid he is. If I had known tlie state he was in I shouldn’t have come. I’m afraid I’ve excited him.” “Is it true that yon want to live in the mill hut?” . “Quite true; he has given me permis sion.” . •‘And you’re not afraid?” “Now, my good fellow, don’t think me quite a fool. I do not believe in ghosts.” “Well. I can swear to it that the saw works at night, for I’ve seen and heard it myself,” he returned, doggedly. •‘Yes, I know it does; and it cuts tim ber, too. There’s a couple of logs down there now waiting to he sawn, hud the man that's coming for the quartering to morrow will pay l'or the work, ranil doesn’t believe in ghosts that can saw logs into planks no more than I do.'”. “Who is the man?” \ “The name on the logs is Mills.” \ Margaret had dropped her apron by that time, and as I mentioned Mills’ logs, I intercepted a quick, glance of fear exchanged between the two. but then in the silence the girl .turned such a pleading, pitiful look of her eyes upon me that I put out my hand impul sively and caught hers. “I can see you have a secret about the sawmill,” T said; “bid count on me as on your side. I am an honest man, and no betrayer.” “I am sure that you are to be trusted,, a.nd it is nothing wrong.” “I am sure of that, too.” And so I went away-down the hill again, certain that the secret of the mill was no secret, at least to Margaret Dolman, and that 1\. should learn all about it in due course. I was very busy in the gap all that day. I set my traps in various spots on the range, and, while my supper was cooking, arranged my belongings in the lint entirely to my satisfaction, for it looked a snug little place when I took off my cookery, and sat down to eat a comfortable meal. When I had finished and cleared i away I put a log on the fire, for, of ! course, the hut was damp, so long with- j out a fire, and under the shadow of those great trees. It was getting dusk when I looked out of the door before lying down. .Tohn Mills’ logs were ly mg at the saw bench -just as lie had lfcft them. ; • . When I laid myself down on the com fortable bed-1 had arranged on poor young Ivingsford’s trunk, I had no in tention of sleeping,' for I was determin ed to watch that sawmill, and catch the ghost at work; but the unwonted fa tigue, the mountain air, and the good supper eombiued to do their work, and I was sound asleep before I had time to i think. I had not slept so sound for years. I am sure of that, because the mill must have been going for a good bit before I awoke. I started up a bit puzzled at first as to my whereabouts and the strange noise that was rushing and. grinding outside, and then I re membered all—the ghost was at work! . The log was aglow in red embers only, and I was cautious to.show no light. A j lantern was among my things. 1 lit .the bit of-candle in it, and carrying it in my hand closed.- was going out when all at once the roaring rush of water ceased, aud the wheel stopped—was I too late? It appeared so; wlieu I went cautious ly round the trees and undergrowth un til I c-ould have touched the saw bench, there was not a sound under or around the mill-shed. I stood still for a few moments and listened intently—nothing rewarded my patience.- Then I opened the lantern and saw what had been John Mills’ logs lying a neat pile of 'quartering awaiting removal. I was as far from the secret of the saw milll as ever! At least I thought so. and when I went back to the hut I felt very angry •with myself for having so easily let sleep overtake me. All I had to do now, however, was to exercise my pa tience until another load of logs should happen to be delivered at the mill. I entered the hut aud closed the door behind me, and then I saw between me and the fire the figure of a man.stand ingstill. • Now,- a man may be as great an unbeliever as his knowledge of how little he knows will permit him to be. and yet be excused if he felt the queer shock I did at that moment. Could it be the spirit of the dead man that stood so silently there on his own blood marks? The reply came as I flashed the light in his face, “Don’t, be afraid; ,.I_am a living man, and not a dead one.” It was a good looking young fellow who had spoken, and he had fair hair curling under a dark cap. He was rather lo w of stature, and slight. I saw that in a tussle with him I would have a fair enough chance, and, besides, I bad a small revolver in my pocket. “One would think you had read my thoughts.” I returned, as I set down the light. “I was wondering if you were the Mill Ghost after all.” “I am and I am not. I am going to tell you all about it.” “Well, sit down, and do it at your ease.” He did so, keeping his face to me and looking at me as he asked if I guessed who he was. ■ “No, not ex actly; but I am sure you are the man who works the sawmill.” “With help, yes I do; but I am a man you have heard of a good deal lately. I am Herbert Kingsford.” • “You were not murdered, then, after all?” “I was and I wasn’t. I am going to tell you all the story. You were up at Dolman’s this morning, and got leave to live in the hut?” “Your hut?” “No, Dolman’s hut; but the one I used to live in. Of course, your being here was greatly-against the secrcsy I have been practising about the mill; but Margaret—that is, Dolman’s daughter urged me to tell you all and trust you. Margaret is a good judge, and she says you have a good face.” I laughed a little at the idea of a young woman living so far out of the world being a good judge of faces; yet I had often heard of-a good woman’s instinctive knowledge. “Margaret does me honor, and she is your sweetheart, is she not?” “Thank God, yes; but she is more—she is my wife.” “You surprise me; but go oil.” “You have heard how much Dolman was against my hopes of Margaret—he was like a madman when he found out. He ordered me off, and when he found that Margaret intended to be true to mo lie came down here after dark and mur dered me.” “Oh, come, come!” I sad, laughing, “draw it mild.” • “Well, he did his best, anyway, as you will hear. He came in here when I was sitting before this chimney and fired a bullet from a revolver at me— there is the mark, see.” . Kingsford took off his cap and turned his'head. There was a deep scar along the side, making a bare track in the thick fair hair. “Yon were wearing a brown boxer hat?” I asked. “Yes, I was; why?” “I found it yesterday at the edge of the dam above.” “Yes? Well, I’ll go oh. The bullet did not pierce my skull, as the old man no doubt believed it did; but it stunned me, and I fell. I knew no more until I found myself in the mill dam and strug gling for my life.” “Good heavens!” “Yes, you know now how determined the old wretch was when he would not even give me a chance. But I suppose, believing me dead, he was only secur ing himself by hiding my body. You may guess what strength and determin ation he had when he threw me over his shoulder like a sack and carried me up that rise; but it has come back to him now. Old Peter Dolman’s strength to do evil is gone for ever.” “Yes, indeed; finish your story.” “I guess it was the shock of the water that brought back my senses to find that I was drowning; but he had thrown me in where my struggles brought me to the surface, where an old gum hangs oiii3 young branch into the water. I caught it, and managed to crawl out.” “What did you do then';” ! “Lay there until Margaret brought Dan down to look for me. She had seen her father steal down, and was afraid. They took me back to the hut here, and that very night Dolman had Vhe stroke that made him helpless, so k was easy to nurse me until I was able to.work the mill again as a ghost.” ‘‘Why did you neverlet Dolman-know that you were not dead?” •‘To punish him!" the young chap said, vehemently. “A man cannot be mur dered with cold blooded villainy with out feeling bitter against the wretch that did it. At least I couldn’t. Only for the sake of Margaret I should have 1 made his days end in a prison cell for his vile deed. As soon as I got well enough I insisted on Margaret becoming my wife. What claim lias such as Peter Dolman on a daughter’s obedi ence? Dan helps me to work the mill, aud itive up at the house without fear of Dolman knowing, since he is so help less.” “What was liis reason for being so set against your courting the girl?” “I believe it was nothing but pure sel fishness. : He lias made a slave of Man ga ret; ever since her mother’s death years ago, and he couldn’t bear the idea of her escape. Silica his partial paraly .sis, I have got t6 be a bit sorry for him now and then, and if he would only show the least symptom of repentance for what he did I would let him know that lie is not a murderer; but Dolman lias no conscience—the devil has har dened liis heart.” . “You must uot judge. For your own sake. I would, if I were in your filace, tell him the truth. In my eyes, he looks very had, and most likely another stroke will carry him off.” "If he would only show some repent ance for what he did.” “We are. uot told to wait for our ene mies’ repentauee to forgive them; per haps the repentance may follow the knowledge that his sin is not the great est of all. murder. I have read of men who believed that murder was the un forgiven siu mentioned in Scripture.” •'I promised Margaret that 1 would take your advice.” lie replied, “and I will come up in the morning—for Dol man is iu bed by this time—come up and break it to him; but I charge you to try firsthand get one word of repent ance out of him.” “I will do my best.” “And see, I have beeu thinking about ■that hat you found; take it up with you and say I told you to show it to him. Perhaps that will fetch a confession of sorrow. If it does. I will forgive him.” I weut up to Dolman’s about the same hour'that it had been on my visit of the day before, and I carried in my hand, covered with a. paper,tlietornandstain ed hat. Old Dolman was in his chair oil the sunny verandah, looking much the same as I had before seenliim: but the old man’s expression was changed. I-Ie was haggard aud anxious looking, without the spiteful, fierce look he had before exhibited. “Ha! you did come, then? I’m glad. Have you any news for me? Sit down there and tell me. I’m not right at all this morning, my hand is numb-like, so I came into the sun. Did yon find out who’s making a fool of me, pretending that it was a ghost that was running the mill?” “I did,” I answered, seriously. “I found out the—truth. There is no doubt that the young man Kiugsford is run ning the mill at nights.” “It is a lie! He couldn’t—lie couldn’t!” . “Why?” “Because he’s dead!” aud into the hol low eyes again flashed a strange fire. “Didn’t they tell you he was dead, mur dered?” “But he liiay not he dead for all that.” “I wish to God he wasn’t. I wish I was as sure of a hope of Heaven as that Bert'Kingsf owl is dead!” I gazed at the man, whose trembling hands were for a moment outstretched as if in appeal to the dead, and won dered if the sorrow for his deed that his victim had waited for was there at last. “And you say you saw him. You couldn’t—you couldn’t. I tell you he is dead.” “I saw him,” I said calmly, “as cer tainly as I now see yon: aud what is more, he sent a message to you.” “A message! to me!” The old man was now greatly agitated, though put ting the strongest self-repression over his words, his eyes all the while fixed -awfully on mine. “Where did you see him?” “In the hut. A young man stood there before the hearth last night when I went in after dark. He told me not to be .afraid, that he was Herbert Kiugsford, who had been foully shot there on his own hearthstone, and he told me that I was to tell you that you ! would be forgiven if your re pentance was sincere.” “Oh, my God; my God! it. is, it is! I have lived an hourly death ever since that God-abandoned night! But you are a stranger, and you are mocking me! It is a lie! . Would you make fun of an old man, who is sitting helpless on the borders of death this moment!” “I am not mocking yon. I have told you the simple truth. If you do not believe me, look-at this. Kiugsford told liie to show it to you.” I had unfolded the hat and held the thing out before him, torn and muddy and blood stained. He stared at it in oue moment of horror, and then he ut tered a cry that I shall never lose the memory of. "Oh. may God in liis mercy forgive me! I was mad when I did it: mad with pride and obstinacy and rebellion against'Thee! Oil Lord, for Christ’s sake, forgive the poor sinner!” aud Dol man fell hack insensible. When lie recovered. Herbert Kings ford was supporting him, aud Margaret by liis side, holding and chafing his hands. We had feared it might have boon another attack of paralysis, but it was only a faint, from which a sip or two of wine gave him back some little strength, and lie looked iiito Kingsford’s face with a gasp of horror. “It is all right, father. I am not dead. I got out of the dam and re covered. Don’t be afraid—I am real flesh and blood; feel my hands. It can grip hard. All is forgiven!” “I don’t understand,” murmured Dol man, weakly. “You are alive, and you called mo father.” “So you are; for Margaret is my wife. Cheer up, for all will be well now.” And it is to be hoped that all was well with Dolman when, a few months later, lie was found dead in his hod, having apparently died quietly iu his sleep. I believe he was truly repentant for .liis siu, and had looked in the right place l’or forgiveness of it. I am stiii living in the mill hut, a con tented and healthy man. There is a garden of flowers now where the big trees used to keep the sun from the roof of my humble home, and there is no loneliness in the neighborhood, for the saw mill is iu full work every day. I have vistors, too, in addition to Kings ford and his sweet faced Margaret, for two of their little ones often come to make merry around me, or to get a ride when my horse is harnessed to go for goods sold still by our too superstitious friend Carr, of the roadside, store, .who looked grievously disappointed when he was obliged to Own that there was no longer a Ghostly Secret of The Sawmill. 