The Vote of Censure Debate. The only general conclusion to be drawn from Mr Lyne's vote of censure motion ib that Parliament is in its second childhood, nnd that in view of tbe impending general election it is impossible to take, very seriously any thing which may just now occur. As for bb Mr Svdnev Smith's action in re gard to tbe Lncknow ttrike goes, it has been very generally condemned, but it was a political mistake for the Leader of the Opposition to have made it the grounds for a vote of censure motion, for the action of the MiniBler ?was so evidently intended to placate thft Labor Party that it was absurd to expect labor memberB to make it a pretext for voting againBt the Govern ment. There nover -was the ghost of a chance of carrying this motion, and it was not even treated seriously by the Government, bo that from the Btand point of party tactics it can only be. regarded 8B a blunder. Whatever may be Raid of Mr Lyne's ability as a Par liamentary If-ader, he ? has frequently shown himself to be very deficient in tact nnd judgement. A pood general never risks a battle without some fair proapect of success ; but in this case, whatever opinion may have been held as to the action of the Minister for Mines in regard to the Lucknow strike, even MrLyne m'isthave known tbat there was no prospect whatever of a vote of censure being carried, for whatever the personal feelings of the Labor Party the mere fact of the question of salary and the near close of the session was sufficient to keep them true to the party in power. Mr Lyne's contention tbat tbe Govern ' tnent could not possibly obtain a dis solution evidently had very little weight with members who are too well satit)6ed with their position and salary to take on unnecessary risk. It gave some of them an opportunity to talk at the Government a bit, but that was all. Unfortunately, however, all this I means waste of time, and each sitting of the House is said to cost the coun try a matter of £300. How man? I nights have been -wasted during the j present session it would be hard to j aay, certainly a very considerable, num I ber. One of the arguments aeainat n I triennial Parliament was that it would I take members twelve months to settle I to their work and twelve months to I prepare for the following election. It I certainly looks as though the present I Parliament was inclined to spend its I time in idle debute and recrimination, I rather than in useful legislation. 1 [Since the ftbo»e was in type we lhayo received a telegram announcing ?that Mr Lyne's censure motion wa- j defeated by 65 votes to 33.] 