BY FAlSE- PRETE1CES; 4hJ- itemma p joimmn eannoo. A' OqRiIs'r'MAs STORY. \- - - Br ARTt DAVIs , . Author of. 'The Glitter of 3old," " On the Edge of a Precipice," &&_ : CHAPTER I. A FATAL QTARRFEL. It was ain intensely hot night, about a fortnight before Christmas. The bright enonlight cast weird shadows from the tall aum trees athwart the sandy expanse, by courtesy called the main street of the townshipof Yanooc. Theusual character isties of a hush township - the inevitable store, hotel, butcher's, and blacksmith's- facing the aforesaid strip of red sand, with about thirty wooden cottages with galvanised iron roofs straggling irregularly for a quarter of a mile on. either side. Tonight the moonlightgave the ordinarily common-place township a somewhat romantic look, compared with the sordid ness of its appearance in the full light of the garish day. Even the iron roofs lost their hideously-commercial appearance, and gleamed in shining patches against the sombre background of the melancholy uncalypts.- Outside the hotel two kerosene lamps sufficed to shw the recumbent, forms of three or four laboring men-carters and the like - who were lolling lazily on the floor of the verandah, finding it too hot even to talk about racing, while on the weiter-trough at the edge of the cart-way sat several others, apparenfly of a grade higher in the social scale. - - Said one, "Let's go'dowii to Leon Caron's win: shop, an have a hand at cards." "No fear," said another. "Tfoo hot to-night to play cards. Costs' too- much at Caron's too.': "Well,' rejoined the first speaker, "if you win you win more." "Yes, and if you lose, you're broke," laughed his companion. "Anyhow, it's too hot to be inside to-night." During the conversation the glances of the party had been directed with languid interest towards the furthest house visible to the right, where, at that distance, could just be distinguished a light--the only one apparent in the township, save at the hotel. Approaching it from the centre of the township, Caron's dwelling appeared to be similar to the other cottages, but on the spot, it could be seen that the build ing extended considerably at the rear, where a large room was fitted up as a wine saloon. It was always; a puzzle -why Caron should have opened a saloon- of this charactec in a place'like Yanooc,' with its limited population. Still, there was a large area of good- country on every side, and there were few, from squatters to rouseabouts, in the district, who were not patrons of Leon Caron. Not that the wine he sold had a greater charm than the whisky or colonial beer of the hotel, but because there was always the chance' of .winning-or losing - at cards, and the mibonotony of bush and station life knows no variation so acceptable as the excite ment of a gamble. " Some of those who frequented his place shook their heads dubiously when Caron's business was under discussion, and hinted at more than one squatter being. under the financial thumb of this suave furtive eyed French man. Whether wineseller, sharper, or usurer, Caron gave no man a clue to his affairs, and his customers just accepted his polite ness for what it was worth, and enjoyed themselves in their own way-anl paid for it. To-night there were only two persons in the saloon. At a small table, at one end of the room, they sat; a hottle of wine and two glasses on an adjacent chair, and a little pile of gold on the table beside the cards. Caronl wasabout forty, swarthy, lithe and muscular, with a suggestion of the savage inlhissinisterexpression. His companion, Norman Lennox, was twenty-three, fair, with a naturally frank, good-looking face, and the physique of an athlete. But his features were just now distorted with intense passion, while Caron's grew more evil in their expression momentarily. The two men sat bolt upright, regarding each 'other fiercely. Lennox, with his right hand had gripped Caron's left, which covred a card on the table. The situation was obvious--Lennox had caught him cheating. A mnoment later Caron's wrist was given , half twist, and the card lay revealed. "You French dog !2! said. Lennox, savagely. - The men rose to their., feet simiil taneously.. .Lennox still -held Caron's wrist in that - vice like grip, and the Frenchman- winced. -But it was at the speech, not the'pain. His right airid lowly dropped to. the pocket of his sae coat..- Lennox, never taking his glance from those basilisk eyes, now furiously ablaze, noted the movement and its import- The next instant there was a gleam of steel in the aih, but the other was too quick, and a terrific hit on the point of the jaw from his adversary's left had hurled Caron backward, the gleam of'the curious-bladed knife describ ing almost a circle in the air, as its owner fell, striking his head sharply against the iron-hooped edge of a quarter-cask of wine standing on the floor. Lennox relaxed his aggressive attitude as Caron, with a convulsive movement and a gasping cry, grew strangely still. His eyes lost their blaze, his face became pallid, and from beneath the dark head canme an ominous crimson stream, that soaked ! showly into the sawdust oa the floor, 1 A horrible fear seized. Lennox. He I knelt beside the prostrate man, raising his head. He could feel the warni h'o~A trickling through his fingers. He called Caron by name, but there was no reply, and an ashen hue overspread the French man's features. A slight noise made Norman look up. f In the Zloorway stood a tall, well-dressed man:' Hle had a riding whip in one hand, and .with the other he was thoughtfully stroking a well-trimmed black -beard. I His natural surprise at the sceife before him was mingled with a curiously sardonic 1 expression, and his air was that of one who is rapidly solving a suddenly-pre. seuted problem. Lennox sprang to his feet with an exclamation of relief. " Oh, Martin, I mun glad you're here." Quickly explaining what had happened, he concluded, " See if he's alive. I'm afraid I've killed him." There was intense agony in his request, but the inscrutable figure at th, door did not move. Still stroking his beard de liberately, Dr Martin Shaw looked search ingly at the prona heap of humanity, at the knife on the floor, the overturned table, and the scattered sovereigns. Then his gaze rested on the blood-stained hands of the man who was addressing him. Without moving, he said coolly " It would be no loss if you had killed him." Lennox made an impatient movement, as though he would have taken the doctor Iby the arm and dragged him forward. Without apparent intention, Shaw evaded the grasp of those blood- stained hands, and came nearer to the prostrate man. He bent over the recumbent form, felt the pulse, and laid his hand on Caron's heart He gave a slow significant shake of the head. Norman Lennox, watching him closely, felt his blood chill and his knees tremble. He sank into a chair, where he could not see the. ghastly face on the. floor. Dr Shaw rose. and stood before him,' looking down at his white anguished features as one would look at a rat in a trap. In a dry, husky whisper Lennox asked : "Is-is he- ?'" He could not say the word.? . The doctor nodded.- "His neck is broken," he said Norman's head sank on his breast. "Great.;Leaven I :Martin, what shall I do ? " he gasped. There was an oppressive silence for a minute, or' two,. and. then "Shaiv, said quietly : . "Take my advice-get .out of this. You have- no nerve.. There is no one here but ourselves, for I saw Caron's man down at the hotel as 1 came by. Did he. see you here?" " I saw nobody but Caron," was the reply. "I have only beeni here an hour." The doctor's eyes gleamed. "Tberi get away. Go back to my place. Take. the first train in the morning to Mel bourne, and book your passage by the earliest steamer to London. Lose your self there for awhile.'. " What's the use? If .I change my name, I sliall meet somtebody who knows "I don't say change, your name," said Shaw, in the same even tones There is nio need. Follow me e uickly .in what I say, or we shall: be found here. Nobody but myself krioirs you have been' here. If opu leave Yanooc in the morning and take the train at Larana I will give out that you went away early this morning. You have not been near 'the townshiF these two days.". "And what' about-that i'. and Nor man shuddered, as he pointed to the door. " Leave that to me," said the doctor. " But I must have some money to work with-to. cover the retreat, as it were. It's a big risk for me, hut I'll do it for you. You won't be heard of in the mat ter, but get right'out of the country, for, you'll betra: yourself if you don't. Write me a cheque for £500, and I'll hide the whole traged,. Be quick, man, unless you want to be hanged. Wash your hands, and:write me the cheque." Like a man in a mesmeric stupor, Len nox obeyed him. The doctor stood listening attentive'y for the sound. of approaching footsteps, but as yet there was no sound except the occasional chirp of a cricket, or the droning hum of the myriad mosquitoes attracted through the open door by the light. When Lennox handed him the cheque, Shaw said : " How about that £100 I owe you 1" "Don't mention it," said the other. " If you:can save me from this I shall owe you everything." '"Rely on ne,"' said Shaw. "Don't ask me how I'll manage. You'll know soine day. but vanish from Australia as quickly as you can. Don't change your name, mind, or that may provoke sus picion .somewhere. You need not be. apprehensive, if you do as I tell you. Not another word-go," and he urged him through the door, closing it behind him. Norman walked, as in a horrib'e night mare, away from the township towards Dr. Shaw's house, a mile and a half dis tant. He had been staying with him on a visit for the past month. There would be no one in the house, he knew, for the doctor was a bachelor, and his domestic arrangements were attended to by the wife of a neighbor, who. came in for an hour or two each day. - He reached his room, flung himself on the bed, and gave himself over to an agonizing retrospection of the-events of the night. -When the door closed behind Lennox, Dr. Shaw turned away with a.courious smile upon his face. He stooped and picked up the scattered coins, pocketing them, with the slender stiletto-:ike knife whiclh had dropped from Caron's hand whenhe fe:l. He set up the overturned table, and then, taking, off his coat and rolling up his sleeves, he proceeded to deal withthe body of Caron. CHAPTER II. A CURIOUS RGCRPTION. The Orient Company's steamer Chim borazo was ploughing its way through the waters of the Indian Ocean before Nor man Lennox began to breathe freoer. Albany was a hundred and fiftymiles m the wake of the vessel, and :Norman, as he remembered this, gave a'sigh of relief. The morning was clear and bracing, and he felt the invigorating influence of air Iand sea lend a buoyancy to his feelings to which he had been a stranger since that horrible night at Yanooc. As he sat on .deck, watching the ceaseless roll of the restless waters, he mentally reviewed the main cireumstances of his past life. He recalled his earliest impressions of the home in Queensland where he was born- of his mother who died so early in his career that she was but a shadowy memory. He recalled the personality of his father, the absolutely affectionless old man who had the reputation of being - next to Jimmy Tyson- the hardest man in Queensland to drive a bargain with. During the years of his son's boyhood, Norman's father had allowed him to run wild in the company of boundary riders rabbit trappers, and rough and ready selectors, a neglect which had worked for the lad's good, in 'providing him with a stock of vigorous health, and saving him from imbibing the polite meannesses and vices of polished society. When old Gordon Lennox did manifest a special interest in his son, and order him to repair to an educational institu tion in Sydney to study, it was an un pleasant command for the youth but he swallowed his distaste for the change, and his educational attainments satisfied his father, who, although he never be stowed upon his son an affectionate woid, left him all he had amassed in the twenty-five years of hard toil and privation since landing, a poor man, in the colony. Norman was only twenty-one when his :father died, and although he felt the loss of the only relative he knew in the world, yet the tie had never been one which was calculated, if broken, to lacerate the hearts of those whose lives it bound to gether. Norman recalled the fact with a feeling akin to self-reproach, which was deepened as he recollected how, during the past two years, he had done his best to dissipate, in foolish or dubious pur suits, the fortune his father had left to him. That it was seriously diminished he knew. Whatever• real estate his father had left he had converted into cash, having a de termination not to be bothered by business matters while having Ihis fling. This, he mused, was just as well, after all, for it had enabled him to leave Australia without dislocating a lot of business affairs. Then he fell to thinking of Dr. Martin Shaw He recalled his first meeting with him in an adventume where the doctor's part in the performance impressed Nor man with a high admiration of his cool self- possession and splendid nerve. He was a mysterious fellow. Norman had heard queer things about him, but these were libels, undoubtedly. Shaw had proved himself a priceless friend to him. Then Norman fell to wondering what the doctor had done to hide the horrible result of that unlucky blow. Day after day,-on his arrival in Melbourne, Nor . man had opened the morning paper in fear and trembling, expecting to see, in staring headlines, " Terrible Tragedy at Yanooc. A Saloon Keeper Murdered 1" But not a line had appeared. Norman could only suppose that the doctor had certified that Caron had met his death by accidentally falling, and, if Caron's em ployd had proved over-curious, that Shaw had made it worth his while to be silent. But suppose this was not so. Suppose the tragedy was only hidden for the time being-clumsily hidden, may- be-and that its details should leak out. If sus picion was aroused, it might fall on the doctor, and, although Norman had full faith in Shaw's willingness to screen him, he could not conceive of the doctor risk ing his life and reputation to save a friend who was guilty. Norman shuddered as he thought of the word "guilty." He did not feel himself morally guilty. It was an accident, but who would believe that ? His very flight, he reflected with an uncomfortable feeling, would belie his avowal that he was innocent of murder. Then the old dread came back that lihe had felt while in Melbourne, and again when the steamer touched at Adelaide the fear that he would be confronted by a minion of the law with a warrant for his arrest. Still, he could banish the fear for a while. The steamer called only at Capetown-but one stoppage before reaching England; he had chosen this route in order to avoid the numerous ports of call by the Suez Canal route. During the few days he had been in Melbourne. awaiting the departure of the steamer, lie had remained quietly at his hotel, not desiring to meet any of his ac quantanees. He had met none of these, but he was somewhat perturbed when booking his passage at the shipping offlice, by a gentleman who claimed him as an acquaintance. He had just given his name to the clerk, when a gentleman standing near turned and held out his hand. " How are you, Mr Lennox ? Going away already. You've had a very short stay in the colonies." " You have the advantage of ume," Norman had said, coldly decliniing the proffered hand. " I beg your pardon," said the other, frigidly, but regarding Norman with a curious expression, which, in the then state of his nerves, made him shiver. When the gentleman went out of the office into Flinders-lane, Norman asked the clerk if he knew him. " No," said he; " he's a new arrival from India, I think. Came last week by the British India Company's Rangoon. I forget his name." Norman recalled this incident now, and found himself wondering who the man was, but speculation was futile. Still the episode jarred on his nerves as it had at the moment of its occurrence. Norman "ecalled, too, the fact that this was Christmas Eve. It was going-to be a wretched Christmas for him, lie thought. He had blood upon his hands, and, for aught lie knew, a price .upon his head, and he was an exile-a. fugitive. The thought embittered his mind, and caused him to hold aloof from thesociable com bination of the other passengers in their preparations to make their Christmas at sea reminiscent of the festive occasion in the home life on shore, an'attitude which he maintained to a considerable extent all through the voyage. On arriving at Capetown, and -finding no communication had been received from Australia to intercept him as "wanted," Norman's spirits rose. During the long and quiet hours of the night, as he lay listening to the ceaseless throb, throb, of the mighty engines, and the monotonous swish of the water, as the huge vessel drove through the billows, le :could not, escape from the melancholy recollection of the fatal result of his folly; and the ghastly face of the dying Frenchmanbecame visible again to him in the darkness. It was often the central-feature of fearful dreams, crowded with horror. But in the daylight, with its bustle and activity, its panorama of sea and sky, the glorious sense of free, unrestricted motion, as the steamer rode onward through the waves, these morbid fancies vanished, and his youth and strength asserted their power,-and made his pulses beat with renewed hopefulness. And, passing from " the summer of the world " into cooler latitudes, he braced his nerves yet more tensely,'and the wretched past seemed as far distant as -the shores whence he had come. But, with the first sight of English soil the- pizturesque Cornish headlands -his depression returned.- What if, after all, he had come this far only to have the hand of the law clapped on his shoulder, and to learn his first experience of England in a felon's cell. So strongly did this feeling actuate him, that in spite of a longing to leaie the ship at Plymouth, he refrained from going ashore. -No, he would go' on to London, he reasoned. There he would be safer if he did land ivithout interfer. ence, and even if the news of Caron's death had been telegraphed to Scotland Yard, he would still have a few days liberty on board the vessel ere she reached Gravesend. When at length the steamer reached London, and the exodus of passengers began, Norman lingered in his cabin, not because he was undesirous of losing him self in the labyrinth of the modern Babylon, but because he instinctively avoided the many strangers who had come on board. Nor lhad lie any heart to witness the cordial greetings of those who were vwelcoming friends and relatives after their sojourn in lands on the other side of the world. He fel his own sense of loneliness sharply accentuated by these demonstrations of welcome, and they recalled the fact that at neither end of the world could he expect a welcome; for, although lihe. had the means to do as he pleased, he had no claim to the interest or affection of a solitary being, and the disaster which had overtaken hi-,l two months before had even cut him off from his friends and acquaintances. When the confusion on deck had some what abated, Norman came from below, and leaning over the rail took an in terested glance at the shore. It was a clear day, a sharp frost had crisped the face of the snow lying upon the ground. and the wintry sun made the hulks lying in the river and the distant bank of the Thames glisteri as with a midlion diamonds. A little steamer was being loaded with pas sengers and their luggage for conveyance to Blackwall, and he watched this with an absent-minded curiosity. He was startled. out of his reverie, by hearing a strange voice at his elbow : " Mr Norman Lennox, I believe." He felt himself turning icy cold, asen sation of faintness made him dizzy, and he clutched the rail for support.. This, then, was the end of it all ? Nemesis had overtaken him I - He had not turned his head, but as he heard his name spoken a second time, he steadied himself by an effort, and turned to face the speaker. He saw a stout, well-.preserved man of fifty or thereabouts a man evidently on good terms with himself dressed with great care, from the patent-leather boots on his feet to the faultlessly glossy tall hat, which he raised in acknowledgment of Norman's mechanical salute. He looked like the proverbial English mer chant or banker, with iron-grey whiskers, cut in the orthodox mutton-chop style. His lips had a pleasant smile which, somehow was discounted by a foxy look ir his cold-grey eyes. But Norman was not looking at him now. The man was not alone. Imme diately behind him was a lady. appa rently about twenty years old, and prettier than any girl Norman remem bered to have ever seen before. She was richly attired, her dainty figure. set off to advantage by the stylish fur cloak she wore, and.the coquettish Alpine hat poised upon her shapely head. Her deep blue eyes were fixed- upon Norman: with a look of anxious curiosity. - At the sight of her a revulsion of feeling set in, and Lennox felt the.warm blood, which a moment since had surged to his heart, -coursing again through his veins. He felt bewildered. This, surely. Was not what he had dreaded. " I see no have startled you," said the gentleman. "You did not expect anyone to meet you, I know. Allow me to introduce myself;: Iy name is Carter. -Robert Carter, financier-an old friend of your father's; and this is-my daughter, Miss Alice Carter." - Norman mentally shook himself- fHe feared he was dreaming ; but the charm ing smile of the lady, and the- preasire of the small hand withdrawln from- the muff she was earrying, convinced hi tho was talking to real liesh a01 bl0od But." .said e recoverino hiadele little. "How did you know Iwas imsel, to Eongland? I was unawar comi knew. " anyo "Alt," said the othersmilin that my little aecret. But that;'-st n lessen in your mindthefacttat o* delighted to see you. And ? ou %e want of knowledge of us tour pree vent you accepting Our hospit t You have no very definite plnPtalr t I presume ' nao as ye "Indeed, I have not," said more puzzled than ever. "But a there is some mistake ?" sur "None whatever, I assure you" Mr Carter. "But see, the stea nearly ready, and I have m ey waiting at Blackwall. We will talk go." For a moment Lennox stood irreso] but as he looked from father to he felt that he might as well yield extraordinary request. Whatelet tot transpire, he could not improre " by declining. ? tt In a few minutes he had made necessary arrangements respectne luggage, and half an hour nlore esa seated beside Miss Carter, her fat occupying the opposite seat in a fi appointed closed carriage drawn pair of high-stepping horses. Whi'e on the crowded steamer h had been merely an interchange of mon-place remarks, but Norman was anxious to learn more of the situti'a which he found himself. Mr Carter readily acquiesced "This, of course, is your firat visi England, Mr Lennox. I ama very friend of your father's, and owe debt of gratitude. It may not be k to you,-and you will pardon me f, ferring to it, but he married againt advice of his friends, and his own ness was not enhanced thereby. Id wish to pain-you-by reference to th having now spoken of it, I will ' again refer to it. But now that both parents are dead, I, knowing pm what your father's desires were, am a that you should reciprocate the inater feel in you as the son of Gordon Le and do me the honor of considerin your friend." " I am sure," replied his perpl listener, courteously, "that I esteem the privilege." • I am' gratified," said MIr C urbanely, "and now, if you don't we will leave reference to family for the present.". Norman bowed, but he could n frain from asking again : " But how did you know I was to England T" "Well,' said Mr Carter, reflec " I may say this much. 1 learnedf friend of mine, who.is interested in -welfare, that you had left Austr the Chimborazo, and we came to you as our guest." Instantly Norman's mind reve Dr. Shaw, and for a moment he t at the recollection of that awful n Yanooc. But the next minute the cal voice of his fair companion,ad him, diverted his thoughts The carriage drew up before a mansion in Cadogan Square, and minutes later Norman found himt sumptuously furnished room, evi prepared for his use. As the door behind his host, he sat down in chair, and - pressing his hands temples, tried to think the curio lem out. It was no use. After an hour' reflection, he gave it up. He fe come what may,- he must drift fresh current that had set in affairs. And throughout all his d tiuns the sweet face of Alice Carie with gentle insisteince before hiHfs mental vision. lHAPTEl Ill. THE GROWTII OF LOVE. The' dinner at Cadogan House that openingng was the '-most enjoyable meal Norman Lennox had ever partaken of. To one who had spent six weeks on ship. board, to say nothing of his idle days in the colonies,- the luxuries of a well.appointed table were thoroughly acceptable, but these were nunor points in the category of Norman's enjoyment. His host exerted himself to the utmost to make his guest feel that he was completely welcome, and in this effort he was ably seconded by his daughter. If Norman thought hLr lvely when lie saw her first, lie thought her superlatively charming now. Her rich brown hair, in shinil!ng coils, gave an increased charm to her face and form; her movements had the grace and dignity which evidenced gentle birth and culture, and when she spoke, Norman, who "had hitherto cared but little for the society of women, felt a thrill of intoxication fill every fibre of his being. Thiere were no other guests. The family party was made up by the widowed sister of Mr Carter, Mrs Hilliard, who managed his household, and acted as chaperone to Alice, who, Norman learned, had only returned from France a year -previously, where she had been to com plete her education. Her mother had died five years before. When the gentlemen joined the ladies in the drawing-room, Alice played and sang for them. .Her voice, -a rich con tralto, lent an added beauty to the slnti ment of the songs, and Norman sat entranced, scarcely heeding the occasional remarks of Mr Carter and his sister. That night he scarcely slept The change from the motion of the-vessel, with its monotonous chant of engine and wave, to the stillness of the luxurious room, was of itself sufficient to 'keep him awake, but the excitement of. this new trend in his affairs absolutely forbade sleep. - During the next few days lie learned more of his host. He was a city magnate, the principal'of the firm of.Carter and Carter, whose financial operations dea't with speculations in every part of the globe. Norman was ashamed to confess io himself that he had never heard of the firm, as he listened to Mr Carter's description of the magnitude of their operations.: The elder man appeared to lay special stress on this, and took Nor man to see the city establishment with the evident-desire to impress his guest with the idea of his solid financial standing, a fact of which the house -in Cadogan Square was quite sufficient to convince Lennox. The days slipped rapidly by-halcyon ' days they were to .Norman, who by this time had relegated the miserable memory of the past into temporary. oblivion. The members of the family appeared to vie with each other in making his stay plea sant, and day- by day he felt himself fall ihg more desperately in love with Alice Carter. He yielded weakly to the temp tation, though, ever and anon, the sha- dow of the past would glide across his pleasing thoughts, but, as he was daily in her company he doggedly refused to think of anything but her charming per- sonality. Sometimes it puzzled him to see the evident satisfaction her father appeared to find in their companionship. Such favor, Norman felt, could not have been more freely vouchsafed had he known him for :years,_but .it was quite palpable such was the case. Three months passed, the winter had gone, and the opening spring gave oppor. tunities for pleasant rides and drives, in which the young people were thrown to- gether more than ever, and it was at this time that Norman became sensible that he was regarded with a deeper warmth of feeling by Alice. An increased diffidence when they were alone, a variance of touch and tone, the thousand and one indications of the presence of unspoken affection, daily enlightened Norman to the growing regard of the girl he loved for him. When this became clearly apparent to him, he took himself seriously to task, and, after a mauvais quart d'heure, resolved he would go away. The dark shadow of the past be- came a funereal pall, under which hisie dearest desires must be buried. But Mr Carter would not hear of it. He was particularly insistent, and added that later on, when Norman had enjoyed his leisure a little longer, there were cer- tain business matters to which he would ask his attention. Norman did not quite grasp the meaning of this, but forbore to question him, for on several prior occa- sions, whent he had commenced to speak of his father, or of his own- prospects, MIr Carter had begged of hin Ilot to refer I to the matter just then, or had deftly turned the conversation. And always fromi such a colloquy Norman would retire sliglttly dazed. And when-lhe o en. tioned the idea of going away to Alice she said nothing, but the look in her .eye decided hint to stay. The friendship with the Carters lhtro duced Norman into a select circle of Lg?n don society, and a pleasurable round of gaiety of a subdued order gave himi ample opportunity of learning the ways of a fashionable aorld of which lie had often read, but, in his past days, had never supposed he would be particularly ints~ rested in. It was intensely enjoyable ; it was all so novel, and at times, to his vigo. rous, practical mind, so amusing,. and Alice took a keen delight in listening to his criticisms'of the people ;hey met and the functions they attended. In the summer season they accepted, with. Mrs i lilliard,-an invitatiori to. Scar borough; to the seaside residence of a friend of Mr Carter's--a Mrs Noel. :This lady had a hobby foir keeping dogs, a dozen or so of various breeds being scat. tered about the.establishment. One of these animals :was a splendid- mastiff called Nero. - Norman, with an Austra lian's keen eye for a good animal; horse or dog, took a great pleasure in watching this thoroughbred specimoen, and his into rest was's source of great satisfaction to its mistress- - . It was the afternoon of -a very hot day in July, and. the guests had dispersed in various directione. Most of themn were on the.Esplanade, listening to the muasic. Alice, with 'Mrs Maitland, was walking to and fro on the broad piazza facing the sea,-' and Norman :was standing at the open French window, facing the lawn, and- from which he could just hear .the tones of Alice's voice as she. talked with Sher aunt..- : Below on the lawn. was, the mastiff Nero. 'Norman was abstractedly watching him, and wondered why dthe dog did not lie in his favorite position on the cool Sgrass under the trees. \\\ith his head down he was moving round and round in slowly-widening circles, and giving vent to shortangry snapping barks. Just then a gardener came through the shrubbery from the stables, carrying in his hand a I hay fork," with two steel prongs.- The man looked at the dog, then, leaving the shrubbery, walked a little way across the e lawn. Just then the dog lifted up his massive head. :-Foam was dripping from his jaws, and his great eyes had a wolfish look..: . The ~man- dropped the fork and ran. As he neared the .house he called, to I Noiman: ' The dog's mad, sir ;] must get a gun and shoot him. Shut the window." Norman half closed the window as the dog, attracted by the; fying gardener, ti came creeping after him. At that moment o Norman remembered that Alice and Mrs u Hilliard were on the piazza ,ntside. A ec terrible fear seized him, and as the dog n crept, tiger-like, into the shrubbery-path, h he sprang out into the garden, and snatch- n ing up the fork the man had flung aside, he turned toward the house. Three steps led up to the piazza at the kt head of the path. Near the steps was i' Alice petrilied with horror at the sight of the huge beast, who had crept to the foot of the stops and was contemplating a a spring upon the terror-stricken girl. Mrs e Hilliard, at the far end of the piazza, was a vainly trying to open one of the windows. i With a bound Norman sprang to the f side of the cro sching animal, and poising a the fork in both hands, drove it with all I liia might, aiming it at the dog's head. n But the animal swerved, and instead of f the prongs piercing its head, they pinned I himt to the gtound, one on either side of a the neck. Norman knoew that his only salvation I now was to keep the brute there until hi'p arrivel. But the aniinal was power ful---doubly powerful in its madness, and n with its great back arched, its eyes bulging, and every hair erect with fury, it. wricthl and struggled to get free, while Nornnan, his every imusclestrained to its itisqoet tenIion, forced the beast's head down until the stout ashen handle of the fork bent under the pressure. What if it should break. It meant death to all three--the most horrible of all deaths, by a mnadness like that of the poor brute at his feet. Noriman could feel his strength going. Thu veins on his forehead seemed burst ing with the exertion, a red mist swam before his eyes, when a sudden exp!osion rang in his eara-another-and then he liheard :-. "' Let go, sir -he's done for." Norntan loosed the handleandstaggered back. The gardener stood witha double barrelled gun in his hands, and the dog was in the throes of death. Norman looked at Alice. She was still standing, like a statue, at the headof the steps. Her beautiful face was white as marble, but her eyes had in them' an expression he had never seen before, but which made his pulses beat madly. She held out her hands to him:: r "Norman," she "cried; and the next nmoment she had fainted in his arms. - CHAPTEl IV - nocro MAterTIN SAW." It was the latter end of iOctober, and London society was beginnitig to return from the moors and the sea-side,, from Switzerland and the Riviera; and all those delightful places .where .its members had taken refuge from the dust and discomfort of the great city. The Carters ' were back, at Cadogan House,.but Norman was now, located At a fashionable club, as hei was iiow in the enviable position of the betrothed of the daughter of the house. " ? After the'episode at'Scarbbo ugh there was no possibility of .evading: the natural conclusion, -and the. evident pleasure of Mr Carter, independently of his heartfelt gratitude to Norman for his brave act, made the course-of true love run particularly smooth, as yet. . The engagement was three months old and it was arranged that the marriage- should take place at Christmas. Already certain necessary preparations were being made, and Norman yielded to the delirious ex citement : of his .new `rold: without a thought or a care for anything that had happened before. . But with the extinction of the sunshine, and thi arrival of lthi dreary fogs of November, 'l e ,begani to i suffer from occasional fits ,o. depresidon when he was alone. .Per?ps it was 'the- reaction from •~ -' ··. . L ,.? ? / ., { , "; -: " '? the ecstasy-when lihe was in the presence of his ladylove ; - perhaps it was the murky atmosphere; but, whatever the cause, he was wretched at times, and he could not help thinking that he was too happy to last, and that this was a pre monition of coming disaster. I One day he sat moodily smoking in his room at the club, when with an apologitic knock, the attendant announced a visitor. Norman looked up. It was Dr Martin Shaw I The visitor stood in the open doorway, a walking cane in one hand, and with the other he thoughtfully stroked his beard. There was something horribly reminiscent in the attitude, as though it were cynically premeditated, and with a whitening face and a dull, heavy pain at the heart, Norman saw the whole of that fatal scene at Yanooc rise vividly before him. He felt his present existence, with its refined pleasures, its keen interest, its affection, slipping fromaround him. Unconsciously a couplet from Eugene Arain slipped into his mind - "So wills the fierce avenging sprite, 'Pill blood for blbod atones," and hIe shuddered. This man, with his saturnine face, and his sarcastic smile,. standing in the doorway so suddenly, seemed to Norman's startled vision the personification of the avenger. All this passed through his mind like a flash;. " Why don't you say 'I amn glad ydu've come, Martin,' " said Shaw, and by the sneering tone, more than the iteration of the words he so well remembered, Norman knew that Dr Martin Shaw came as an enemy. He roused himself. "Come in, and sit down. I never expected to see you here." - The doctor took the proffered cigar, and helped himself to a glass of whisky from the decanter on the table. " Probably not," he said. " Nor. by your manner-- should I suppose -my. presence is. particularly welcome to you. Don't argue the matter," he added, as Norman made a. deprecating gesture. '"It will, perhaps, simplify miatters if I am plain with you.. I am an unp'easant I reminder of that which you would rather 1 forget.-. Save for me, you appear to have forgotten pretty easily. It is not yet twelve montlhs since you were a - well, siticeyou were flying from justice t possibly the hangman's rope-and now you are a curled darling of aristocratic society,. a member of a select London club, and engaged .to be married to the beautiful daughter of a wealthy city man. And I"-I have had the devil's own luck, I though I haven't mulrered anybody-not a even a Chinamani-and as you once told i me if I got you out of the 'scrape you I would owe everything to me, I want you s to settle the debt." s :tWhat do you want d You are plain S-brutally plain," said Norman, wearily. S" I want a fresh start." said Shaw. I a want to do as you are doing now. I want a you to give me ten thousand pounds." -'Tesa thousand pounds " exclaimed Norman. .f- Noisses. : Fifteen thousand e pounds is all I have. e 'But you owe meeverything," was the I sneering answer. - "Anyhow, think it f over.: I shall" not leave London without it-or-ivithout you," and, rising, he e stood for a minute looking down on the e crushed figure in the chair, as he looked it at hiin oice. before in the saloon at d Yanooc, then turning on his heel, he left n Noriman to hia own. reflections. The .next fiew days were days of torture ;- to Norman; It was not the contemplation a of th~e unreasonable request of Dr. Shaw d that made him miserable. fie would have freely parted with every penny he had e, could he have felt that never again would f the accusing past rise up before him. i But he. saw clearly that there was no is inality'in. this demand So long as he m lived .he ..would be liable to" blackmail. And there was the agonising fear that there was some other who might know the secret, for Martin Shaw could scarcely have disposed of Caron's body alone. A few days since how happy he had been, and now how wretched he was. Alice, with the keen insight of love, noted 'he change, and anxiously rallied him about it. For her sake, he strove to banish his fears when in her presence, but they returned tenfold when he was alone. One evening he arrived at Cadogan House just before the dinner hour, and Mr Carter, drawing him aside into the library said : \- "I hale a little surprise for you to night." Norman started. His nerves were getting unstrung. Be dreaded any more surprises. " What is it ?" he enquired. " An old friend of yours. He is here to dinner." Norman's heart sank within him. There was only one man whom he could possibly think of in this connection, and to meet him here would truly be the death's head at the feast. Be followed his host with the feelings of a criminal going to his execution. " Mr Lennox-Captain Leroy," said Mr Carter, and Norman saw before him a bronzed and bearded man with a distinctly 'military bearing. The two men looked at each other for a minute; and then the captain said, quietly : "There is some mistake Mr Carter. This is not my friend, Mr Norman Len nox r "That is my name, certainly," sail Norman, "but I never saw you before to my knowledge." ' There was a dead ailence for a minute or so. The two men looked curiously at each other, but on the face of Mr Carter was an expression of sudden alarm. ' You are joking," he gasped. " Not at all," said Captain Leroy. "This gentleman is wonderfully like my friend, but it is not the Norman Lennox I knew." " Good God I" cried Carter, sinking in to a chair. Then starting up he turned fiercely to Norman: - "Are you not the son of Gordon Len nox ?" "Certainly I am," answered Norman. "Gordon Lennox, the banker,. of Aldergate, in'tho City of London I'" "No-as certainly not," retorted Nor man; on whom a sudden light began to dawn. "My father was Gordon Lennox, of Brisbane, Queensland, who left Scot land for Australia twenty-six years since." Carter's jaw dropped. His face was ashen pale. "I see it now," he gasped. "My friend was-your.father's cousin," and he slipped down, a prone heap on the foor. The two men looked at each other. " There has been some terrible mistake here," said Captain Leroy. "There has, indeed," bitterly replied Norman. "Come with me to my club and we will try to understand this mys-. tery." \- Norman rang the bell, and bade the footman attend to his master, and, with a brief message to Mrs Hilliard, they left the house. When they were seated in Norman's room, he told the captain briefly his own history, and how he became acquainted with the Carters. "Isee it all clearly now," said the cap tain. "Now let me explain. Old Gor Ion Lennox, the banker, your father's :ousin, it appears, married a lady against lhe wishes and advice of his friends. They quarrelled soon after the birth of their son, who like yourself was named Norman. She was an Anglo-Indian, 'nd, being possessed of -ample- private means, left her husband and returned to India. It was there I became acquainted with her and her son, with whom I was very friendly. About two years ago she died, and Norman made up his mind to travel. Twelve months ago he went to Australia. and I have not heard from him since, until I learned from Mr Carter that he was here. The rest you know." After Captain Leroy had gone, Norman made up his mind. He could see clearly now. He could see the significance of the brief conversation with the stranger at the shipping office in Melbourne. He had been mistaken then for the other Norman Lennox. It was no use struggling against fate. Nemesis was at his heels in the shape of Dr. Shaw, and in the eyes of lir Carter he was little better than an impos tor. True, he had not deceived him; Carter would neve: allow him to talk of his family, but the complication was there all the same. If it were not for the stain of blood on his hands he would marry Alice in spite of all, but it was better he should go. He would not link her fate to that of a miserable wretch like himself. He sat down and wrote a tender fare well letter to Alice, and a brief note to her father, and despatching these he or dered a cab. Packing his portmanteau, he drove to Euston Station and took the express to Dover. The next day he was no Paris. He put up at a quiet hotel in the Rue dela Roche, and for a day or two wandered aimlessly about, cursing his existence. s On the morning of the third day after his arrival lie was sitting in his room speculating as to the wisdom of putting an end to his life, when the waiter knocked at the door. "A gentleman to see you, monsieur." "No, no," said Norman, "' I have no acquaintance here." " But," persisted the man, 'lie says Mr Norman Lennox. He has observed you enter. He does make no mistake.'"i, " Then ask him his name." said Lennox savagely. The waiter returned with a bit of paste board. -Norman took the card. As he read it he turned pale. It was as though he had seen a ghost. That night Norman returned to Eng land, in company with his visitor. . The next evening, he presented himself at Cadogan House. IMr' Carter,- lhe learned, was from home, and Miss Carter was ill. Captain Leroy was there, and Norman had a long interview with him. At the close of the conversation, the Captain said- " One other matter. Since you went away, Mr Carter has received a visit from an acquaintance of yours in Australia, a Dr Martin Shaw, who, I understand, has made some serious allegation against you, the purport of which is not clear, but it seems evident that he desires to sell the information to Mr Carter. He is'coming here again to-morrow morning." And Norman determined that he would also be there That night lie wrote again to Alice and her father. To the latter he merely said that he intended to be present when Dr Shaw arrived. The next morning Mr Carter, Captain Leroy, and Norman were seated,in the library at Cadogan House, when Dr Shaw was announced. On entering the room lie was evidently disconcerted at seeing Norman there.. "You villain,"' Norman burst out wrathfully. "You murderer," the doctor retorted, contemptuously. Captain Leroy touched the bell, and a man walked in. It was Leon Caron I A malignant look of diabolic hatred. flashed across Shaw's ..face; the -next minute lie had recovered his wonted self • -" ?: .:i. - - . / . ~.. • .·: , : Oossession, and taking up his hat and cane, he bowed mockingly, and left the room. To Mr Carter and Captain Leroy this was as so much nantonime, the full significance of which they did not, until later, comprehend. But when the outer door closed upon the departing schemer, Norman said " I have some important, though I fear, sad news for you, Mr Carter. It appears that my namesake, the Norman Lennox you supposed me to be, reached Australia about the time I left. tie spent some months travelling about the colonies, un til on a certain occasion, he met with a serious, and as it proved a fatal accident. Hie died in the Toowoomba Hospital, and before his death, committed to this gentleman, who was himself in the hospital at the time, certain papers, which he desired should be personally conveyed to the firm of Carter and Carter. I met MIr Caron in Paris, and learned of this from him, and have hastened to bring him to you. Mr Carter took the packet of papers, and slowly examined them. His hands trembled, but when he laid them down, his voice had a distinct note of cheerful ness. "This has taken a great load off my mind," he said. Of the rest there is not much to be told. It appeared that when Dr. Shaw, in order to extract more money from Lennox, urged the latter to fly, he knew Oaron was not dead, and speedily brought him round -after Norman's departure. After events showed that Shaw was the cleverer gambler of the two, for he trans ferred all Caron's ill-got gains to his own pocket. There was a fashionable wedding at Cadogan House at Christmas, when Nor, man Lennox-and Alice Carter were-made min and wife.. It was not until after the marriage that Norman learned what made his father-in law so anxious to search out the son of his old friend. Gordon Lennox, the banker, was practically the owner of the house, of Carter and Carter, of the solvency of which Alice's father was so fond of insist ing. When Lennox died, he left the whole of his fortune, some fifty thousand pounds, to the son whom he had scarcely seen. The money was held'in trust, the trustee being Mr Carter. In order to prop up the declining fortunes of the firm, AMr Carter had used twenty-five thousand pounds of this trust money, and it was fear of the discovery that made hint so desperately anxious to find young Norman Lennox, and, if possible, to wed him to his daughter. To this end he had caused inquiries to be made, and had. learned that the young man had been heard of in Mrelbourne, and later that he had sailed for England in thie Chiniborazo. By the death of thie banker's son, the money re verted to the next-of-kin, Alice's hus band, and the legacy was a very satia factory Christmas-box. Christmas Day was transferred from January 6th to December 25th by Julius 1. It is curious to note that in London the "waits" are remains, as it were, of the musicians attached to the Corporation of the City under that denomination. To denote that they were " the Lord Maoynr' music," they anciently wore a hadge on the left aim. iMrs Gadd.." Your husband appearto be very busy to-day, Mrs G'abb." lr?o Gabb-" Does he? Well, if he is very busy at anything, you may just bh sure it's at something of no earthly use tos. body but himself." 