The Sensations of a Drown ing Man. 'Drowning is a pleasant death,' is a remark constantly made by those who never gulped down salt water into the delicate tissues of their lungs. . ? ? As s lad I was bathing in rough weather on the beach of a watering place in Northern France. Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, became insensible, and was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant Frenchman, who wrote hiB name that dav in mv mother's New Testament as s memorial of the rescue. Tiiis was all. The circumstances were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact that I remember all that happened during a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but which ap peared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water the much-resounding roar of the waves struck me ae desolating and sorrowful — full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fancy, I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth ; not because I intended to ran any risk, for I could not swim, bnt because the strong current had scooped oat a hollow in the sandy bottom, which had six feet of water on the top of it Tumbled over by tbe waves, the concentrated agony of tbe moment when the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be de scribed. It was the bitterest point of the straggle. Gruel and omnipotent force, without warning or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic and determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to cease holding my breath and to inhale once more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if once I succumbed to the temptation to ex pel my breath, which almost burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, tbe end would come ; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while covered with tbe pressing salt water. At thu time I must have given way, and tbe dreaded stream of air bubbles rose to tbe surface. A few weeks before I had watched the drowning of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from tbe corners of its month it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene cams vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the cat. There was no fear; the actual cir cumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts suddenly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs were all one solid pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my fingers end knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except ss an interesting and im material factor in die situation, came over me. Itistrnethatl remembered that! should be missed when dinner time cape', and I was found missing ; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bedroom, which I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I felt my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was con scious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what thedreamB were. From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach, whither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of indefinite and unreasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by swallow ing so much salt water quickly brought me back to earth again. —OoweCV Fatmhf Magazine. 