LITERARY NOTES. Mr. John Murray is shortly to commence | the publication of his new edition of the j "Poetical and Prose Works of Lord Byron." The possession of almost all the. original manuscripts and proof sheets, , which are now undergoing most careful; and minute collation, will enable Mr. j Murrav to lav before the public for the i first time (says the "Literary World ) an ; authentic and genuine text of Bj ron s : Works. Several new poems and fragments, will appear in this edition, as well as the : letters and materials collected by Mr. Murray's father during upwards of 50 years," besides documents and correspon dence in the possession of the Earl of ■ Lovelace, Lord Byron's grandson, who is editing this re-issue. "A Publisher," writing to "The Times," complains that bad spelling by authors is on the increase. The amusing thing is that he winds up with bad spelling himself. "Are we in the midst of an epidemic of bad spelling? That is the question which has been perplexing me of late, for the number of people who write misspelt- letters and offer for publication misspelt works of fiction seems to be steadily on the increase. Within a few hours, on the day I write this, t have read two letters and chatted with the author of a novel. Both the letters and the novel are disfigured by had spelling. The novelist in question is a lady, who is really a woman of culture, but she coufesses that'she cannot spell, and a special reviser \- will have to he employed to correct the proofs of her book. The two letters I mentioned are both from authors. One of them hails from Scotland, and has con cocted .a rather telling letter, only stum bling over- the word frontespieee until the end is reached," when " he shows the cloven hoof in the expression, clearly written, 'exceed to my request.' This gentleman writes 'F.S.A.Scot, f' after his name. My other correspondent writes to offer for pub lication 'a story of entreagues and adven ture.' For the past 20 years I have had thou sands of letters a year from more or less educated people, and I am struck with the j prevalanee (sic) of badly-spelt letters of late." The explanation in the case of lite rary men sometimes is that through over exercising their brain they occasionally 1^®® the power of spelling automatically, and when they require to think how a word should be written the memory play6 pranks with them. Under the title of the "Cambridge Mo dern History," Lord Acton, the regius pro fessor, has undertaken (says "The Times ) to edit for the Syndics of the Cambridge University press a comprehensive history of modern times, which will consist of 12 volumes of about 700 pages each, beginning with the Renaissance. Each subject will be assigned to a competent specialist, and the following distribution of subjects has already been provisionally made: — The Bishop- Designate of London will contribute an Introduction on the Outcome of the Middle Ages, Mr. EL Brown will write on Venice, Professor Jehb on the Humanists, Dr. Fairbairn on Reformation Sects, Mr. James Gairdner on the Early Tudors, Mr. Sidney Lee on Elizabeth, Major Hume on Philip IL, Professor Gardiner and Mr. Firth on the 17th Century Mr. Leckv on the Reign of George IV., Lord Wolseley on Napoleon in Egypt, Mr. Thomas Hodgkin on Italy, Professor Bury on the Ottoman Conquest, Professor Michael Foster on the History of Scientific Ideas, Mr. R. H. Hutton on Masters of Modern Thought, Professor Laughton on the Armada, Professor Douglas on China, Sir Alfred Lyall on India, Mr. Payne on the Discovery of America, Professor Side wick on English Philosophers of the 17th Century, Dr. Cunningham on Economic History, Professor Flint on Theories of the Philosophy of History, Sir F. Pollock on Results of International Law, Sir D. Mac kenzie Wallace oh Modem Russia, Mr. 0. R. Thursfield on the Evolution of the Naval Arm, and Sir George Clarke on the Crimean War and on Egypt Binee 1881. Sir Richard Burton, according to a writer in the London "Standard," when asked what creed he professed, made this replv:—"I profess no creed, hut if you asked me what I atn, I would say more nearly a Mohammedan than anything else. There is something sterling in that re ligion. They do what they profess, which is more than most Christians do." Burton, during his long service as British consul in Syria, &c.;, became an accomplished Arabic scholar, and -once made the pilgrimage to Mecca, disguised as a Mohammedan, from Afghanistan. . \- Mr. J. M. Barrie, the novelist, says:— "There are writers who can plot out their ttarf beforehand as clearly as though it Hffrt -a railway journey, and adhere HiTOtjgfrottt to their original design; but I fffwy one of those. I spend & great jfegf of time* indeed, in looking for the t**4 road to the map, and mark it with jsTtofc; but at the first by-path, off my ao. 'Come back,' I cry, 'you A jue off the road!'/%e prefer this way,' gfr reply, I tor bullying. 'You are only gMMfeto a book/ I about, 'and it is my jb^baod I can do what 1 like with you, iTeame back!' But they seldom come, tp end* with my plodding after % fffilff of Mr. Jerome K. Jerome's Men to a Boat" has discovered that the hook contains a passage which, though printed as prose, scans after the fashion of Longfellow's "Hiawatha":— But tho river, cliill and weary, With the ceaseless raindrops falling On its brown and sluggish water, With a'sound as of a woman Weeping low in some dark chamber— While the woods all dark and silent Shrouded in their mists of vapour, Stand like ghosts upon the margin Silent ghosts with eyes reproachful (bike the ghosts of evil action— Like the ghosts of friends neglected)— Is a spirit haunted water, Through the lands of vain regrets. Mr. Jerome, when written to, assumed that at the time of writing the passage it was his intention to obtain the result pointed out, "although when one is in the vein one unconsciously drops, Silas Wegg like, into metre." "Alroy,' one of the least read of Disraeli's novels, is poetic prose almost from beginning to end. A story of "turning the tables" is told by Colonel Pollok in "Fifty Years' Remi niscences of India" (Arnold):—" H., of tbe 30th, had struck his matey boy in the presence of witnesses. The native took out a summons against his master, who was fined by the cantonment magistrate. Such a thing as a native hauling up his master for a blow was unheard of in those days, and H. bided his time. He said nothing, and kept the boy on as if nothing had happened. One day "when his servant brought him his early cup of tea. II. jumped out of bed, and, fastening the door, said, 'You infernal blackguard! I'll teach you to haul me up before a magistrate; there are no witnesses, and I'll give you a d d good thrashing.' The man pretended to cry, wiping his eyes on his sleeve, and blubbered out, 'Master, sure no witnesses got?' 'Quite sure,' replied H. 'Then,' said the matey boy, dropping all pretence, 'I give master one big hiding,' and, to his astonishment, walked into him in fine style. H. bad not a chance; his boy was far stronger afid a far better bruiser, and knocked his master into a cocked hat. II. was on the point' of crying peccavi when he bethought liim that he had on a pair of stout shoes, so as a last resource he kicked up, caught the man in a verv tender part, and doubled him up. Just then two of us came up to see H.; the door was burst open, and a native rushed out, writh ing in agouv, howling, 'Master not fight fair; done kick me there!' " A biography of Sidney Smith, by Stuart J. Reid, has been issued under tbe title "The Life and Times," &c.; It is almost impossible to tell anything new about the witty divine and "Edinburgh Reviewer," but even anecdotes that are old will bear repeating. When on his rounds as a York shire rector Sidney Smith met on the road a rustic youth, whose "stony British stare" amused him. " 'Where are you going, my boy?' inquired the rector in his blandest tones. 'To't Sunday- school,' answered the lad, with his eyes still fixed upon him. 'Who do you think I am?' 'I dun' noa.' 'Am I Mr. Mayelstone?' The answer came with ill- concealed contempt. 'Noa!' 'Am I Mr. Mayelstone's mother?' 'Noa!' 'Who do you think I am, theu?' The stony stare j disappeared in a merry twinkle as the bov replied, 'I think you're mai6t like one of them chaps that gaugs aboot wi' knives and j Irazors!' The rector "was delighted with the I shrewd retort, and pulled out half-a-crown in payment on the spot." Possibly, ados Mr. Reid, he was thinking of this Jxmues borough incident, when long afterwards lie declared, "The whole of my life has passed like a razor—in hot water or a scrape. Napoleon iB the subject of a new book— "Napoleon's Opera-glass, an Histrionic Study," by Lew Rosen (London, Elkin Mathews). Mr. Rosen deals with Napoleon as an aotor. - The celebrated man was always acting. The well-known scene between liitn and the Pope at Eontainebleao is thus described:—" Napoleon met an obstinate opponent to some of bis pretensions in l ope Pius VII. The Empsror. accordingly, had the Pontiff brought from Itome to Foutaine bleau, and in the chateau at that place oc curred the interview vivitied by the poetic art of Alfred de Vigny. M e are told that during that historio meeting Napoleon raged and stormed as he paced the polished lloor, while Pius VII. sat in a huge eagle-studded chair, attentive and calm. Napoleon made promises, threats, and boasts, l'ius VII. simply answered with one word, ' Comme | diante !' Napoleon overheard the word, ami rious. 'Comedian! I, a comediani!' was furious. he exclaimed. 'Ah, 1 will give you comedies such as will make you all cry like women and children! Comedian! Ah, you are mistaken, if you think to get the better of me by insolent coolness ! My theatre is the world! The part 1 plav is that of manager and author. As comedians I engage all of you—popes, kiDgs, peoples ! The thread by which I move you i6—fear! Comedian ! Ah, it would take a better man than you are to dare to applaud or to hiss me!' I'ius VII. moved uneasily in the chair for a moment, and then he checked the soldier's torrent of language with nnother word— ' Tragediante!' Napoleon sobered in an instant and continued in more subdued tones. ' Ti'b very true. Tragedian or come dian .' All is acting—til has been costumed with me for a long time, and will be so for ever ! M'hat fatigue, what littleness ! Sit ting, always sitiing in full face for this party, in profile for that, according to tneir notions. You see I am open-hearted with you. I have plans for the lives of forty emperors. I form one every morning anil another every night Life is too short to stand still."" "An insatiate rsader while on his travels, Napoleon complained, when at Warsaw, in 1807, and when at Bayonne, in 1808 (says Mr. Lew Rosen in his study of Napoleon), that hie libraiian at Paris did not keep him well supplied with books. 'The Emperor,' wrote the secretary to Burbier, ' wants a portable library of a thousand volumes in )2rao., printed in good type without margin, and composed as nearly as possible of forty volumes on religion, forty of epics, forty ot plays, sixty of poetry, a hundred of novels, 6isty of history, the remainder, to make up the thousand, of historical memoirs. The religious works are to be the Old and New Testament, the Koran, a selection of the works of the Fathers of the Church, works respecting the Aryans, Calvinists, ol mytho logy. &c.; The epics are to be Horner, Lucnn, Tasso, Telemachus, The Henriade, &e.; Machiavelli, Fielding, Richardson, Montes quieu, Voltaire, Corneille, Racine, and Rons sean were also among the authors men tioned." The scheme was never carried out, on acconnt of the expense it would have entailed. 