A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. March 19. "This roaring month of daffodils," be ing on the torn as to its age, might be expected to give eigne of the adoption of its traditional lamblike aspect; but it does nothing of the kind; inside and out we are iu the condition of Myles- na-Coppaleen, we have "got into settled bad weather." Only the very unsympathetic can regard ilie aspect of foreign affairs and our own relation to them with the indifference to the great questions and the current events °f the time necessary to taking one's usual interest in the doings of society, the vagaries of fashion,- and the proceedings of le nionde ou l'on s'amuse in its constant endeavour to accomplish that puqwse. U here is great uneasiness abroad In the fcorld even where it is worldliest; people fj0 are not given to thinking of public interests and other countries, whose lives are of the pleasant and frivolous order, and f,h°se views are accordingly narrow, al tbough they may be, and many of tnem «re, kindly and well-meaning folk within their limitations, are beginning to talk H"i .a. difference. It is not all theatre I?? chiffons. I have been impressed by f . °f late, having seen a good deal of ".^"""ng-of-season Bociety in the most crowded early season I can remember. If " should settle into "the fashion" to talk I enrise than after the Alice in Faiiy be» a g?°2 thing it would !w 7k « general feeling of xegret huno- W^iT6^ °I Ju^°® ®tould be over »nSmm« shadow of European discord^ aPPwlieaBion is felt last Her nnJ1^ h mayL Buffer from the tamily complications that are involved, in the present state of affairs. There is grim D^. i'n C0I}trast presented by the actual position with regard to Greece and the hopes that were so confidently enter , last year on the occasion of the fru8 VIS. to Balmoral. , . , brief visit of the Emperor of Aus T ,to, tfae Queen at Cimiez is not regarded as of any import, but it is , and even Picturesque incident, for the two sovereigns are those who have had the most pro longed experience of the power, the pride, the pomp, and the penalties of royalty, rue Austrian Emperor has indeed known the horror and calamity of war. As those dreadful truths never have been brought home to the Queen of England, although England has been fighting somewhere al most all the time she has been on the throne; her insular isolation, as much as her sex, has kept her from the sight and the knowledge of all but "the pomp and circumstance' cvf military parades, state reviews, and the sailing of a fleet to a foregone victorious conclusion. Francis Joseph has seen the horror, the ruin, tue spiralling cruelty and desperate folly of war; only, it is true, from the safe eminence allotted to the great, and therefore is ignor ant of the suffering and the sentiments of the mere food for powder (somehow the French phrase "chair a canon"sounds more ghastly), but he must have experienced in his _ time something of the impression which was made on Alexander III. by the terrible scenes at Plevna, viewed through his fieldglass, and which remained bo strong and lasting as to render him the determined friend of peace that he was. The Queen is in excellent health so far, and enjoys her foreign holiday with her accustomed zest, although it is! less restful than usual, owing to the greater number than ordinary of communi cations that reach Her Majesty daily. I have frequently heard men who had a great deal of responsibility in their lives say that the only real holiday condition is a voyage to Australia, because in any voyage of less duration you have so little I time to realise that you cannot be "got at" by postmen and telegraph boys. The Em press Frederick has returned to Berlin. Ij met at dinner on the day of her departure j a gentleman vefy well known in the literary world and also in political so- j ciety, who has the honour to be an terms of confidential intimacy, "if any such there be," with Her Imperial Majesty, and, while preserving the proper reserve (which it is strict etiquette not to infringe by a question, however much one may secretly lang to break the rule), he said that it was sad to see how oppressed and distressed she is by the attitude of affairs. The familv quarrels of the Hohenzollerns are as much matter of history as the family affection and union of the Danish royal house. The peculiar feature of the family quarrel in the instance of the present head of the i Hohenzollem race is, that when the parties are the Emperor and a very near relation, the former entirely discards the outer sem blance of a gentleman, and comports him self, as I have heard it described, "like an infuriated slavedriver of Uncle Tom's Cabin days." An eye-witness of the scene, told me that in a quarrel with Prince Henry, when thev w£re-~both -boys," Prince" .WiHiam fdl into a fit from sheer rage, and otherwise,conducted himself like Frederick L, Mr. Carlys's "dumb poet." St. Patrick's Day (Wednesday) was cele brated in London with unusual heartiness. It ivas curious and pleasant to observe that the "wearing o' the green" excited in the crowded thoroughfares of Fleet-street and the Strand a quick and friendly interest on the part of non-Irishmen. ^ erv rarely does one see the busy Londoner take notice of the passers-by on business like himself, but, I suppose because the bunches of shamrock in buttonholes and hatbands rave a jaunty J and holiday air to the sons of Lrin (though some of them were very work-a-day indeed) and so differentiated them, they encoun tered smiles and even occasional nods on all sides. My progress on that day took me i through Kensington, the Strand, the City, I and Westminster, and I met a number of ladies who wore as conspicuously as the men the "shamrock so green." It was luncheon hour in the newspaper kingdom when I got there, and Irishmen of all the grades of the profession were on view; a goodly propor tion of them wearing the "sign of the pat ron saint of Ireland. I did not notice so manr on Ludgate Hill, but as I turned into Paternoster-row a sharp-looking black-eyed Soy wheeling a light cart full of books came very closely uy mc. I stepped a little aside, and the lad, taking one hand from his task, removed his cap with a salute which I in stantly perceived by his look was directed to the shamrocks I wore rather than to me. "Have you no shamrock? I asked him, and then the cart was stooped for a minute. "Sorra a bit, ma'am." ''Didn't they send vou any from home?" "Shure, there s no bodv there, ma'am, this long while. J gave him the biggest portion of my buncn, aud pinned it into his cap for him-ueven hardlv a yard from the Hill, but that suf fices for "seclusion in the Row -and the cart was getting into seemingly hone ess difficulties in the midst of the traffic below St. Paul's immediately afterwards. In the morning I had inspected the long row of flower girls in Kensington High-street,heard from them of the demand for shamrocks, and had -seen that their stock was running low. I had also seen how largely a certain kind of clover was doinzduty for the triune variety of wood- sorrel that the genuine Irish shamrock is. Even natives them selves as racv of the soil as their own emblem are deceived in tins respect. 1 have had clover tributes from ontre mer sent to me in the utmost singleness °f/al h'onrd, on my return from the citv, that Sliamrock Day had beaten the record at Covent-garden, and went to headquarters to inquire, the city supply was by this time exhausted May I say in parenthesis that the show of spnng flowers all along from Temple Bar to the Bank is a beautiful spectacle, and one that would awaken the utmost astonishment in civic ghosts, revisiting the glimpses of the moon in tfiat wonderful place, who in habited it much less than a century aeo. I learned from a salesman, with whom I have kept up acquaintance since those far distant K?; when . "p.rtr to the ante" m the early morning, when the bloom ib on the fruit and the dewdrops have not evaporated altogether, was a pleasant item m the *d®' of London that.thedemand had been unprecedented. It could not be met in fact, although the supply from the south and weat of Ireknd was very large. I dined with friends who are not Irish, and * should not have expected to regard the em blem, of the much^disputed Champion of ikfcnstenaom. Tomy surprise And pleasure 1 round the dinner-table spread with an .exquiBite specimen of Irish damask, a table cloth of the very latest mode; the pattern being wreaths and sprays of shamroclc, with a tana of the drawn work that is a speci ®"ty of the Irish convent workschools, forming squares of insertion with intervals of the distance of a foot. Under these squares and on the dazzling satin-like linen was laid a broad satin ribhon of pale green tint, each piece bearing a little spray of the shamrock in a deeper green. i he effect was very pretty; I had seen tablecloths ribboned in yellow, m order to match the current daffodil decoration, but not in green; and the' effect, the electric light shades over the I table being of the same tint, was charming. One more example of the use of the sham-' rock in art and I have done. A very beauti ful young lady whom I know is shortly to be married to a gentleman who has made a large fortune r'in the city," and she has been presented with a diamond tiara by a member of the firm to which her fiancee be-: ! longs. It was ascertained that the young ; if . ' W i° ,, 8 Pa<^ only the opportunity of I being a belle of the season for "just once" IS.u ri1|Sr1 , este-te, was born on a certain 17th of March, and the intending donor of the tiara had a truly happy thought. The1 regal-looking headtire has been fashioned into a circlet of shamrocks, rising on their! slender steaks _ and leaning towards the centre, which is raised considerably above the inclined line of triplet leaves on either side and forms an ornament something like the neur de lys, but much less stiff and more nt for the common of mortals to wear. We had a private view at the Institute of Painters in Water Colours on last Friday, it was densely crowded, and nobody at tempted to look at the pictures. I had seen them on the previous day, and was therefore calm, but some people present proved them selves unmistakably to be country cousins by expressing their annoyance at being pre vented from seeing what nobody ever ex pect* to see on similar occasions. I did not notice anything very remarkable in Di° j j dress among the crowd,which in cluded some distinguished personages, but many wonderful hats were in evidence, vividly recalling coloured prints of head attare in ladies pocket-books of the early years of this century. I remember when we prized those pictures as curiosities, and re garded the heterogeneous things as "funny old _ fashions that never could come up ' ., Among the recent revivals I noticed the chapeau - tambour," a drum shaped construction, with crossed bands of gold lace, a rim resting on the wearer's fore head, where it stood bolt upright, and a curling tuft of grey feathers at each side. This fashion for women was set by an ad mirer of Joachim Murat, innkeeper's son, Marshal of France and King of Naples, who wore such a hat, and the famous Bettine, a Court milliner, who dressed the Empress Josephine, carried out the idea for the lady with 6o becoming a result that the mode was adopted in England after the Empire came to an end and Paris modes oncc more ruled in the land of the hereditary enemy. Wings and bows which widen out the head and extend as far as the shoulders are not to my mind becoming; the new hat-orna ments are all stiff and meaningless, and I fully expect that we shall come before, long to the sentinel figure which was associated in my childish mind _vrith the nursery -rhyme .aboutthe iittte"man who had a little gun, and his bullets they were made of lead, lead, lead. The death of Professor Henry Drummond and that of Mr. Henry Blackburn are con spicuous items in the ever-growing tale of our losses. The author of "Natural Life in the Spiritual World" and the "Ascent of Man" I knew only through those and other admirable works; but Mr. Blackburn was a dear and honoured friend of many years' standing. He had gone to the Riviera on his way to Italy on an art tour, and I saw him just before he started, in good spirits and full of energy and anticipa tion. He was a man whose sterling excel lence endeared him to his friends, even be yond the attraction of ? hiB remarkable talents, while his services in the teaching and popularisation of art of an elevated kind render his loss a grievous one in a pub lic sense. His "Academy Notes" was an in stitution which we cannot imagine the Royal Academy without. I hope the admir able idea which he originated and carried out for twenty-one years with such remark able success will be perpetuated. The last words he said to me were, "Good-bye until the next press days-end of April. I shall have seen a good deal, and have something to tell you then." 