? RODNEY STONE. • - - — CHAPTER XX. (Coi tinu» (1 ) It was his despaiting cry, v.hen lie t'oui.d that 1 was prool against Mil his uitrcatig;, which reached your ear», Clmles, and council you to en your chamber door and lo s«e me •'5.1 ituirncd to un room.' My untie dre* a long sigh of rtlief. • Nol!in« could be cltr.utr he mur m ired. "'In the illuming I eamr. as )nti ieincu;t)«'-, to )uur loom, and 1 returned )our inonry. 1 did the s;>ii>r to ."ir Lothian 11 u re I «nid nothing of ii.y reasons for doing so, for I found Vut 1 could not bring m>s«lf to cm less our di^raee to you Then . ame the horrible di-.covety which has dai I en»<l n>) If.-. and which was as great a •iny.i«iy Lome as it l-.a« t.ccu u> you. 1 > u tlut 1 was s'l [ireu-d, and 1 SAW, alio, tlut even || I Were to clear my k< iCir it Cuiil I «: ly U: doi.E I.) a JUI'MC onttsuo.i wi t!i« in'tiny ot my hrothtr. >1 shrank from it, Clunk's. Any persoi.-al j kUflVrtn- .sfeun.vl to l.e ber,«r vlun to bru.g public shame up..i. a Innnly whicli IMS held an unUini ,hed lecoicl | Uiro i jh >»o nuny vemutit-s 1 IUJ Irom ;•')•> tlici'iioi t, and di3;,pt,caicd I "+A»in i lie w oi ld. ' 1 A 11 alt, a was necessary ! thai I -, idd in;uc ai i.ui^MiH nts lor ; ti'C tf » . I', 1,1 tthoje • Mstci.Gv. .iiui ii,^ 11ci Ii lends : were i^u.ui.i, it v>uii shamr, i iimi 1 conks, it, anu I aeknow j JMjC to >otl tllrtl tin- lil.oili of ;tll the I coniopience* rests ni h mc lulher Uimi | Willi UJ.I .M I He .1 lie- ilwic rtiic n-* 1 »v>n«, !))>*• lupjil y I -OIK; past,' nine i mvi« me determine m.a the son Tr«s Ut.er aj.au from the n.o iitr, Triune at th.U ;i;c lie would iu.1 m i * 1 woiil I h.<\c Liken yuit ' into m\ i wn'idt'iicc, Chai I \ li.iu it i.et J llC«H til«! \oUI Kl-pi; I Mil ll.lll H-UllOeO ! Ill* Ut«|i|) — lot I Old Iiwi .11 Ilia, time imi!%i>Uud iio>v hiii n^ iiif icn»i'iis w *rt ntuc'i 11.1 prrj ,i .ucd )ou .igainsi inc. .^Uc).v tlTt < s •ninJ| alter ih« tragedy 1 f]«d to London, ami arranged thm my wilt s otild h*\ r « a fitting allowance o.i condition tint did not interfere with the child 1 hid, as you leniein b»r, had n.uc!i t« d,» with Hjirison, the prize Ii-liter, and I lud often lud cccastvn to Kd i.ire Ins simple and hon«st nature. I took my hoy to '"him now, aivi- I (ound iiiin, us I expected, incredulous as to my ?»uilt, «hd reAdy to as*i,t m« in any way. At hifc wife's entr»*tv he had ju»t retired Irom the ling, and was uncertain how he should #mploy hiuntlf. I was able to fit him up as a smith, on condition that (it shtul i piy his trade at the village of Friar's Oak M f a*recment wa* that James was t« b» brought up as their ntphe*, and that he should know nothing of his unhappy parents. ' Vou will ask ni« why I selected i .Fiiar's Oak It was because I had : ircady chosen my place of conceal- i w^nt; and if 1 could not see my boy, u was, at lea»t, »ome consolation to ' know that he was near me. You are | aware that this mansion is one of the j '• oldest in iinjand ; but yen are not I <0lrarc that it hae been built with a very ! \- social eye to concealment, that there af» if less than tw» habitable ttciet chambers, and that the om*r or ' thicker walls are tunnelled into paiMfes The existence these rooms i*S llways been a family secret, though j wa: one which i valued so little tint wao ottiy the chance- of my aeldom ijng the Jiouse which !.ad [irevented : • Tr«m peiniing them out to s^me ; fiand. Now 1 lound that a secuie re treat was provided "for me in my ex trerility. i stole down tu my own ! jnaneion, entered it at night, and, lean g ail that was dear to me behind, 1 _ pt liVc a rat behind the wainscot, to i lire •ut the remainder of my weary life in iolitude and miiery. In this worn Charles, and in thi« grizzled hair, •U may read the diary of my mest miserable existence. ' Onee a week Harrison used to bring Hie up previsions, passing them hrough the pantry window, which 1 j ft open for the purpose. Sometimes I would steal out at night and wa k •ider the stare once more, with the ! bree*e upen my forehead ; but ! this I had at last te stop, far I was ! seen by the rustics, and tumors ef a j spirit at Olifle Royal began t« get about. One night two ghost hunters—' ' It was I, father,' cried Boy Jim ; ' I and my friend,-Rodney ttone ' ' I know it was. Harrison teld me so the lan.e night. I was proud, Jamee, to see that you had the spirit of the Barringtons, and that 1 had an heir whose gallantry might redeem the family blot which I have striven so hard' to cover over. Then .can e the 'ay when your mother's kindness— er mistaken kindness—gave you the means of escaping to London.' ' Ah, Edward,' cried his wile, ' if you had seen our boy, like a caged eagle, beating against the bar*, you Id- have helped to give him even so •hort a flight as this.' ' I do not blame you, Mary. It is possible' that 1 should h*ve done so. lie went to London, and he tried to open a career fcr himself ">y his ewn strength and courage. How many of our ancestors have done the same, save only that a sword-hilt lay in their closed hands ; but of them all I do not know that any have carried themselves more gallantly !' 4 That I dare swear,' said my unci* 1 , neartily. ' And then, when Harrison at last returned, I learned that my son was actually matched tw light in a public prize-battle That would not do, Charles ! It was one thin" to light as you and I have fought in our youth, and it was another to compete for a purse of gold." 'My dear (riend, 1 would not lor the world ' 4 Of course >ou weuld net, Chailes. chose the best man, and how i!d you do otherwise ? l*ut it would that the lime i/onld reveal myself a-7 lliM'e wer- bi'in^ iny boy at last to \\\u- side nf hi m.l.Htum.u- lather.' I !t;n- wasilrm I some lllllc, mill t.lu'ii it was my 111 M 1 < • S S\ Ilcc whii h biokc it 1 You've been the most ill-used man | in the- world, Ned,' said he. ' Please ' Clod we shall have many years yet in which to make up t , you for it. but. alter all, it seems to me that we are us tar as evt. r from learning how your unfortunate brother im;t his death.' For eighteen years it was as much a mystery to nic as to you, (Jharlcs But now at last the f^'uilt is manifest. Stand iorwatd, Ambrose, and tell your story as frankly and as fully as you have told it to me.' CIIAITKR \\\1. TDK V\l,li|'n STOKY. I'IIK valet had shrunk into the dark cerne-r of the room, and had remained so motionless that wr had forgott«n his presence until, up >n this appeal Irom his former master, he took a step forward into the li^ht, turning his callow I'acc in our direction. His usually iuipassivi- Icatuns were in a sl.ita DI painful agitation, find he spoke slowly and with husitution, as though his lreinbliii» lips could hardly frame the words. And yet, so ,-,tro.ig is habit, that, even in this extremity of emotion iie assumed the deferential air of the high-class valet, and his sentences lorined themselves in the sonorous lashion which had struck my attention upon tlfit kir.it day when the curricle ol my uncle had stopped outside m\ lather's door 'My Lady Avon and gentlemen/ •-aid lie, ' ll I have iiimcd in thi> matUr, and I lieeiy conies^ that 1 have alone so, 1 only know one svay in which I «an atone for it, and that is b\ making the full and complete (:i>Iiio> siimi which 111\ noble master, Lord Avon, has demanded. I assim vou, then, I.ii.it what .1 am about to tell you, sui prising as it mo seem, is the absolute and undcniat>!' truth concerning the mysterious death ol ( aijilaiii I>.ii 11nglon ' L in o' seem impossible to yon that one in my lumiolc walk ol hie should biar a deadly and implacable hatred against a nun in the position ol C.iptani barmigton. \'ou think inal the gull between is too wide. 1 can tell you. gentlemen, that the gulf winch can lie bridged by unlawful love can be spanned also by an u. law In I hatred, and that upon thw day when this TOMII< man stole from me all that made my life worth living, I vowed to ilea sen that I should take from him thai foul life of his, though the detd would cover but the tiniest fraction oi the debt which he owed me. 1 see that you look askance at nie, Si-r Charles Tregillis, lu.t you should pi ay to Cod, sir, that you may never have the chance of iiuding out what vou would yourself b« capable of in the same position.' It was a wonder to all of us to see this man's fiery nature breaking suddenly through the artificial constraints with which he held it in check His short dark h lir seemed to brittle up wards, his eyes glowed with the intensity of his passion, and his face expressed a malignity of hatred which neither tho death of his enemy nor the lapse of years could mitigate. The demure servant was gone, and there stood in his place a deep and dan- gerous man, one who might be an ardent lover or a most vindictive foe. ' We were about to b« married, she and I, when some black chance threw him across our path I do not know by what base deceptions he lured her away from me. I have heard that she was only one of many, and that lie was an adept at the art. It was done befere ever I knew the danger and she was left with her broken heart and her ruined life to return lo that home into which she had brought disgrace and imsery. 1 only saw her once, She told me that, her seducer had burst out a lau^h ing when she had reproached him for his perfidy, and I swore to her that his heart's blood should pay me for that laugh. ' I was a valet at the time, but 1 was not yet in the service of Lord Avon. I applied for and gained thai position with the one idea that it nii^ni giv* me an opportunity of settling my accounts with his younger brother. And yet my chance was a terribly long time coming, for many months had passed before the visit to Cliffo Royal gave me the opportunity which I longed for by day or dieamed oi by night. When it did come, however, it came in a fashion which was more favorable to my plana than anything that I had ever ventured to hop« for, 'Lord rivon was of opinion that no one but himself knew of the secret passages in Cliffe Royal. In this lie was mistaken. I knew of them — or, at le tst, I knew enough of them to serve my purpose. 1 need not tell you how, one day, when preparing tho ehambere for the guests, an accidental pressure upon ^art of the futings cause a panel to gape in the wood work, and showed me a narrow open ing in the wall. Making my way down this, I found that another panel led into a large bedroom beyond That was all I knew, but it was ail that was needed for my purpose, The disposal of the rooms had been left in my hands, and I arranged that Captain Barrington should sleep in the larger and 1 in the smaller. I could come >ipon him when I wished, and no one would b« the wiser. 'And then he arrived. How can I describe to you the fever of impatience in which 1 lived until the moment should come for which X had waited and planned. Lor a night and a day they gambled, and for a night and a day 1 counted the minute* which brought me nearer to my man. i'hey might ring for a freah wine at what hour they liked, they always found ma waiting and ready, so that this young captain niceoughed out that i was the •node! of a.l valets My master advised me to go to bed. lie had noticed my llushed cheek and my bright eyes, and he set me down as being in a lever. So 1 was, but it was a itver which only one medicine could assuage. 'To be Continued.; 