WESTERS xe irs. BLACKALL. The Barcoo Independent ol thc 7lh instan Bays : Mr. G. T. Callen, of La Plata, haspurcbasci Messrs. Curtis und Haylock's Lancevuli Station, in the desert country between Jerichi and Blackall. It «ill be remembered that about t wei vi months ago portion of the skeleton of t human being was found on the Blackall Barcaldine Hoad, about six miles fran Blackall, buried in thc centre of thc road only a few inches from the surface. Thi bones were removed and buried at thc foot o a tteo near the place, and the matter hat almost been forgotten. But interest in thi affair has considerably revived of late. Thi supcruatural has been in evidence, and now the Baroatdiue Road claims thi dignity of a full-fledged ghost. Thc firs' recorded appearance of the spectre wat about a month ago. On that occasion a bright moonlight night-Mesars Banks'i coach from Barcaldine was piBsing thi spot where thc bones were found at aboul about nine o'clock, when one of the pas seogers-a representative of one of the lead ing Sydney woolbrokcrs - saw what hi declared was a man standing by the side ol the road a short distance in front of tilt coach. Be drew thc attention of the drivel and the other passengers to the mau, who, ht thought, was waiting for the coach ; bul when the others looked tho figure had dis appeared, although there was not tnt slightest shelter or hiding place near. From there to Blackall record time was mado ot that occasion. The wave of excitement wat dying away, until on Sunday last it wai revived in all its intensity. Just after dari in thc evening a local cyclist was passing the place, when be saw thc shadowy forir of a nun with arms uplifted above hil head. The phantom figure slowly dis oppeared into some small scrub near ; bul the cyclist's attention being taken from hit bicycle tho machine struck a stump and thc rider came a cropper. CLERMONT. Yesterday afternoon, says the Peak Downs Telegram of the 7th instant, a second fatal accident happened at the Deep Lead. A mau named Amarau Wettig, with his brother Challes, J. Daun, J. Murchison, F. Baker, and M. Graban, was sinking a shaft near thc site of thc old bore, and were down about 56 ft. Charles Wettig worked in the shaft up till twelve o'clock, and at this time there waB nothing to suggest the pretence of foul air. The mcu knocked off for dinner, and on returning at one o'clock Amaran Wettig went below to do his shift. While the lattet was being lowered he called out to the man on top to stop, and immediately after to lower away. Deceased reached bottom, and soon after was heard to .ay, " Pull up quick." The windlass man started lo wind up with all possible speed, und when Amaran Wettig was about 15 ft. from the bottom be fell oft thc rope. Charles Wettig called for assistance, and getting on the rope quickly went down lo ascertain the cause of the accident. On descending bc noticed the presence of foul air, and also that his brother was stunned and bleeding from a nasty would on the head. CharleB Wettig alBO felt he was being overcome, and taking his brother in his arms, called to those on the lop to "haul away, for God's sake." lie remembered no more. When the brothers had boen brought up a few feet both were teen lo fall to the bottom. By this (¡mc a number of meo had collected around the shaft. One of thc males, named F. Baker, taking a lighted candle, went lo the rescue ; but before he reached the bottom thc bad air put thc light out, und he was hauled to the sui face. He tried a second time, but failed. Then thc hem of thc tragedy came ulong in thc person af Mr. i JamcB Dann, also a member of the party. A quantity of water was thrown down the shaft to disturb thc bad air, und then Danu was secured to one rope, while a second rope was sent down to bring up the brothers. Dann first brought up Charles, and going down a second time brought up Amaran. Tho brothers soon regained consciousness, and Dr. Kent arrived in a few minutes, An examination of Amaran Wettig revealed a huge wound on the right side of the head extending from thc cyo over tho lop and nearly tn thc back of thc head, thc scalp lying over tho right car. Thc unfortu- nate man was taken to the hospital on a stretcher and twenty-four stitches put in the wound. He remained unconscious for about un hour after his admission, when he expired. Charles Wettig was able to walk, and from inquiries made at the hospital this morning wc find thal beyond a severe pain in his right arm and a few scratches he is little thc worse for his unpleasant experience. Thc deceased is a mun ¡ed man, his wife being in Western Australia. He is a native of Linton, Vic- toria. Together with his brother aud others he left Western Australia, intending to go to New üuinea. ï'hc party got us fur as Cooktown, aud the reports from thc former place not being very cheering, they decided to come to Clermont, and arrived here three weeks ago to-day. Thc brave conduct of Daun is worthy of more than passing notice, as wc aro informed that while a number of men stood around seem- ingly powerless to move, he acted with such courage and coolness as to carn the admira- tion of his fellows. He went faca to face with death to the rescue of his mates, and the fact that he brought thc first man to the surface, und, although feeling thc effects of thc bad air, went down straight away and rescued the second man, stamps him as a man among mon. Everybody honours a brave roan, and such conduct as that of Dann should not be allowed to'pas« unrecorded. 