The Fife Brigade ancVtheif; . - Superintendent. ! TnE Rov. '-R; A; Stool o'litbriniiiod tlio mora- borsbf' the Guoanhoyii'i iYoluutebr Firo Biigado'a't u furowoil evoniiig party! ot tho Munso on Thursday Inst, whou a plousiint ovoning-was piissod between tho, brigade mid their cstecihbd' su'perintonduiit. Tho party was . unoxpocted on tlio part of tho brigndo, and in this respect tho tnomhorn had boon, forestalled in their iiitoiirion.- Thoy thcmso'.vos ' hail already nrningoii to bid farowoll to tho gcntloinnn'who olficorcil thorn so succossf ully and so long, liy invit- iiig him to u supper ut tho Firo-Stution on "Jiiturduy iiight lasf.v Tho guthoriiig wiis li vory happj- onu. ; Tlio Mayor.(E,-II, Land,; Esq.); as president of tho brigado, sat lit tho hqad of -tho.tabto, having tho guest of riio.oyoniiig nt'his,. right hand. . A gliind' ropast" lind' boon ' prbvidod )by 'Mr. Stool's onlui tniiiors, and nftor , all -hail , pnrtakoni tho hbnlth o! tho retiring suporinteiidont was proposed by tho chairman and received with honours. In proposing tho sentiment tlio Mayor passod high 'licpniuins'oii' their guest hot. alono for' his' expprionco, tact, and cfilcicucy as tlio. directing power nf tho lirigndo, but for-th'o prominont part ho lmd played in connexion with. othor organisa tions. Tlio firemen, ono aftor anothor, nlso tosrifiod to thcii superintendent's many stcrling qualities, and said how sorry tlioy wore to losb'such nil excellent lender and wb/kor; Mr.: Stool rosponded in fouling 'Jorins; end was evidently dooply moved by whiit had boon said cf liiin. ' Ho said much of his" 'own success and tlrb efficiency of tho flro-brigndo was duo to tho good 'qualities of tho membors thomsolvos. A sinoko con cert followed, songs being randbrod by (ho ghost, - secretary Dniishuri, 'ai)d 'Bremen A. ami E.'Lazarus, opd jShumnck.';. Fireman R. .Boatty reoited Rio Griinda's Last Raoo ; and another rendition by. ecoretnrv Dnn- ehca was very mirth-provoking. Aftor the singing of Auld'Larig Syho mid God Save tho Qucon,. tho qompany, taking, a 'formal laayo 'lot- thoir loader, disporseil. < 