SOME SIMPLE SUPER . STITiOIS. v (By ' Boondi,') Superstition dies hard— in fact I very much' doubt if it will evor die at all. And if there is anything in popular superstitious beliefs the present year should prove a particularly unlucky one, for it began on a Friday, and, as every old sailor will tell you, one might as well name a brig after a woman, or go to sea with a cargo of black cats, as begin any enterprise of nqfeona Friday. Furthermore, this ominous New Year was ushered in with nuch strange signs and portents, such terrible tales of stormB and tempests and the like, that one might exclaim, as Casca did of the fore bodings which presaged the mighty Casaf s fall.: When these prodigies Do so conjointly meet,' let not-men say, ' These are their reasons — they are natural For I believe thoy aro portentous things Upon the climate that they point upon, o o o Considering that Cafica had already planned all the devilry that was to ensue, and was the first to get his knife into Csesar and set the mischief going, it was pretty safe ou his part to prophesy that the very unsettled state of the weather would lead to matters of dire moment. Had he lived in these days Casca would have made a splendid weather prophet, or he might have riseu to affluence as a Bporting tipster by ' stiffening 'five horses out of a field of six, and then putting all his clients on to the only other ' trier.' He stiffened Cffisar anyway, and it was a cute dodge of his to play beforehand . upon the superstitious peoplo of his time by telling them fairy tales about a lion which ' glar'd upon him against the Capitol, and then went surly 1 by ' ; about men, all in flames, who walked up and down the street, like tramping tar barrels on fire, and about tbe bird of night, Which did sit, even at noonday, upon the market place, hooting and shriek ing, and perhaps derisively whistling ' Johnnie, Get Your Gun, Get Your Gun !' Casca's notion was to make the people believe that when Cajsar wa3 wiped out it was their duty to find a verdict of ' died by the visitation of tho gods,' but Marc Antony euchred him badly, and all his prophecy went for nothing then. tf o o The first man created was superstitious — possibly, like one of Victoria's ablest judges, he had a holy horror of apples — and iu all probability the last man left on the earth will die of fright the first time he sees a crow before breakfast on Good Friday. Every being alive to-day has some pet superstition of his or her own, although it may be kept a strict secret, my own fancy being that it is a most unlucky way of beginning a week to be knocked down and killed by a hearse on a Monday. There is in our nature something spiritual — some hazy presage of a future life which com pels us to cherish some strange fancies and abhor others — and you cau no more reason a person out of his pet superstition than you can talk the curl out of a pig's tail. © o o It is just possible that a man may be of a superstitious nature and yet not aware of that fact until something happens which proves it beyond all matter of doubt. For example, a party of German students were sampling beer together one night when the talk turned on the not over-cheerful theme of churchyards, and the chances of their occupants coming out to enjoy a little fresh air when most of the living world was wrapt in sleep. s o o One of the students^ a sturdy young Teuton, named Carl Richter, laughed th.e whole thing to scorn, and when his friend, Frauz Reiloff, began to champion the ghost and quote Hamlet's remark to Horatio concerning the limited extent of ' our philosophy,' Richter called him a ' hoftenpoofemgunzerwhulschumbug,' which I take to mean a ' double-barrelled ass.' This led to a bet that Richter was not game to go to the local churchyard at midnight and drive. a dagger in his father's grave, and when the time came Richter wrapped himself in a long cloak and started on his silly mission. SCO He was undoubtedly as brave as a lion, for although tbe night was cold and as dark as pitch he walked alone to the grave with firm, steady strides, knelt down on the mound and buried his dagger in it to tho hilt. Then he rose to go, but as he did he was suddenly jerked back by some unseen force and thrown across the grave he had desecrated. Instantly the long latent vein of superstition in his nature burst out with full force ; the poor Btudent felt that he was held in check by some ghostly hand, and when his comrades came to him at the hour agreed upon tbey found their unlucky friend was dead. But there was nothing supernatural about his deten tion at all. In driving his dagger into the grave he sent it through a fold of his cloak, and when he hurriedly rose he was, of course, jerked back at once. He could not see what held him in the darkness and — superstition did the rest. o o o Another good graveyard story comes from Killarney, the place where the moving bog is now holding a go-as-you-please pedestrian tournament on its own acount. The churchyard of a certain village over there is said to be haunted by the spirit of a murdered man who was buried there early this century and therefore ought to be better employed than polka-ing round in its night-shirt to-day. One morning in the winter of '79 a fine old pine tree which had grown for years beside the 'ghost's grave ' was found uprooted by the storm of the previous night and lying partly across tho tombstone. Hero was a splendid chance of obtaining firewood for nothing, but the poor, superstitious peasants would no more think of touching it than they would of asking the 'jintilman in tho coffin' to step up and dine with them on Sunday. Whenever the matter was men tioned they shook their heads gravely and whispering asked, ' Why was (hat tree, of j all others, blown down ?' o o o ] One night, however, two brothers, who I were braver or perhaps colder than their neighbors, were daring enough to chop a j load of ' firing ' from the branches of the fallen giant. Next morning they started j off for another load, but they returned a durned sight faster than they came, for the tree was standing upright in its old spot. Forty men could not have lifted it, but there it was, apparently as firm as it ever stood before the storm. o o o According to the peasants, the ghosts or the ' good people' must have done that, but the scientific explanation is that when the giant pine was blown down the huge mass of clay which came up attached to the roots was poised over the hole then formed. The brothers when they came along with their axes lightened the other end of the trunk so Cinch as to leave the whole affair almost in a state of perfect equilibrium, the tree being a sort of monster see-saw resting on the tomb. During the latter part of the night the wind, (which had veered right round, gave the treeitop just the little lift that was necessary to start it j the heavily weighted roots more than counterpoised the branches, and the 'Ghost's Tree' stood up once more as tbe roots sank down into the hole from whence they came. The tree still flourishes, and I think the pea sants also aver that the murderer comes round and hangs himself ona-branch every night after his victim has obligingly risen and thoughtfully Boaped the rope, o Q o Some time ago a select squad of society swells in London who had nothing to do, and plenty of time to do it in, started a Thirteen Club by way of defying' supersti- tion, and having worried -along for a year they decided to invito all the leading men in the land to attend a banquet and rejoice j with them over the alleged fact that super, stition was dead. To their very groat Bur. prise, howevor, thoy found that supsrsti Hon was vory much alive even in ths minds of the most intellectual and courageous men of tho day, and tho publicity givou to this fact strengthened the uncanny cr.use considerably as well. Viscount Wolsely declined the invitation on the ground that the ' club's objecto were quite out of his plane of sympathy, since he not only believed in, but positively hugged, a number of so-called supersti tions,' and I think Herbert Spencer also declined because he ' wished to still enjoy a few mild superstitions.' con Subsequent revelations showed that Queen Victoria is very superstitious, and believes firmly in a score of old signs and warnings. When the Prince and Princess of Wales were married her greatest .con cern was shown about the pelting of an old slipper after the bridal carriage. Parnell's nature was steeped in superstition, and ho believed thoroughly in certain colors, lucky days, and a thousand other thinga familiar to every old woman in Ireland. Napoleon I. made a special study of dreams, omens, and the like, and General Gordon, a most brave and pious man, once turned back from a diplomatic conference because he encountered two black crOWQ _ on his way thither. o o o Military men are almost as superstitious as members of the theatrical profession, and in former days no great fighter ever led his men to battle without ' consulting the oracle,' even though the only oracle at' hand was something in the liquor line. Apropos to which Suetoniun spins a spicy story of that notorions free-thinking and free-loving Admiral of Ancient Rome, Claudius Pulcher, who was once off the coast of Sicily ' spoilin' for a fight,' when the reverend augur on board began to ' ; bore him about the necessity for trotting out the- Sacred Chickens and tempting' them with food in order to ascertain if the gods would favor an attack being made, o a o To the great disgust of Admiral Claudius - and the dire demoralisation of his men tha * Sacred Chookies positively refused to touch . : a morsel of food, and as this was reckoned ' the most unfavorable omen that could bo shown, the augur sternly forbade the shipa to fight. Furious at this ecclesiastical mandate, Claudius immediately rushed for- ? ward, caught the holy coop containing the Sacred Chickens in bis arms, flung the lot overboard, and shouted as they drifted , away on the waves, ' Now, you miserable little beggars, if you won't eat, by the gods I'll see that you have a thundering good drink.' Then the fight began and — score a trick to superstition — the Romans were ' biffed ' to the bottom, and as che Admiral hung on to a spar and struck out for the shore the pious augur shinned upon a cask and derisively shouted: 'What did I always tell you ? ' o o o Superstition seems to be part and parcel of a woman's nature, and at times it will , come to the front no matter how hard she tries to hid© it. I once heard a strong- ? minded woman holding forth for half an hour on the preposterous idea of thinking there could be anything in ' omens, dreams,, aud rubbish of that sort,' and yet she nearly fainted when her husband came home and told her he had weighed their newest baby, because then she ' knew the dear child would dio before the year was., over.' v o o c 'What a courageous woman you musfe be to keep peacock's feathers in this room,' said a lady visitor ; ' don't you know they are most unlucky?' ' I have heard some silly superstition of the sort,' replied the hostess, ' but I despise such folly, and I'm proud to say I am not the least bit super stitious about peacock's feathers or any thing else.' The conversation then turned on bimetalism, or the rival fiscal policies, or some other subject equally dear to woman's heart, but after a timo the strong minded hostess suddenly said : ' There's a death next door this morning. I knew there would be because their dog howled frightfully in front of their house all night, and you can't have a surer sign of ?' 'Jl, approaching death than that.' ' Oh, I don't know,' replied the visitor, ' our dog howls most dismally all the time that horrid woman nert door to us is at her singing lessons, but no one ever dies there — worse luck !' o o o A really sensible woman once remarked t ' I am a firm believer in certain kinds of omens. For example, when you think that you'll make what is left of Sunday's joint into a bit of hash for Monday's dinner that is a sure sign that some of your most criti cal friends will ctyrop in about dinner time and stay for the meal as well. Then again, when a young woruan begins to pull a young man's necktie straight, and pick fluff off his sleeves, and insist on holding his overcoat at every opportunity, you can set those things down as omens that a wed ding is likely to occur at an early date. When a sick woman grows particular, about the frizz of her hair that's a sign . she will soon recover ; and when you have , one chair in the house that is weak in the { back, or groggy about the legs, that fore- : tells that every man, especially every fat man, who comes into your parlor will dis- 1 cover and dump himself down on that particular chair. A man can pick out by instinct that one broken chair among a hundred thousand whole ones. So much for signs and portents. Now let us run to our houses, fall upon our knees, and pray to the gods to intermit the plagues that needs must light on a year that began its course an a Friday! ? 