[?] ! IRVINE PROPHETESS'S CAREER. The last, ef the Buchanices, Andrew Innes, was alive less than fifty years ago. A Buohanite he continued firm to the end— a believer; in one of the most daring and rank -lmpoater&jtnat.-ever.; lived ; a woman wno fier- self .p5endc3 io!he the Third Person of the Godhead lniarriate. 'who manaared to sedncn' from'his "Calvinism the. Relief minister 'of- , frying, andacolaimed 'him Ihe'Man Child of ' Revelation ar d .herself his spiritual mother; who persnaded a large company of people to journey with her to Zion, and who actually imbued them with the belief- that she would translate the whole' of them :to Heaven with out lasting- of /.death. It is ai long time. since the. story has. been told, and it will well bear re-telling. Elspeth, or ; Eispath, Simpson was the child of poor parents, and her early years in Banffsfiir.e were spent in poverty. She had. a natural aversion to manual labour, and when circumstances brought her to the South- W est of Scotland she associated with evil ' company, and contracted those loose notions of matrimony that; played so promi nentia part in the faith of whioh she was founder. She is said to have married a working potter at Ayr, named Robert Bnohan, but of this there is no record in the parish papers. She lived but a short time with - her /husband, who, shocked ., with her immorality, took her baok to Banffshire, wli6fS he left her to provide for herself as best she could. She had two daughters and a. son, whom she scandalously neglected, ' to oarry.out the details of a divine apocalypse ' charging her with a heavenly mission.. J'his was in the year 1774. She remained in the North) warring with: the clergy, discussing her as yet unformulated mission, and spread ing dispeace in. the: community ; but her manner of life was . most offensive to those with whom she was' connected, and she had very .little success. She returned to her hnsband in Glasgow in 1781, and he received her cordially. rThe Rev. Hugh White, minister of the Relief Uongregation of Irvine was at that time one of the most popular preachers of' his sect in the West of Scotland. In December of 1793 Mrs- Buchan heard him . preach at. a Sacrament in Glasgow, and being " captivated with his oratory, she wrote to him as ' one whom she loved in 6ur sweet Lord -Jesus Christ,' and as 'a -promised seed aotually borni from above.' Mr. White, though a. man of some erudition and before- time a Professor of Logic in an A merican College, was' exceedingly flattered by the Compliments of his admirer, and in 1793 he invited hep ,to. Irvine, where she was well received, by the Relief congregation, and where her heavenly conversation and extra- otdinary gifts caused her to be regarded as a valuable' acquisition to the party. When she left Irvine to return for a little to Glas gow,, she 'wrote to Mr. White, ' her dear j Childj' and hailed him as. one chosen of God. Mr .White, reoiprocated her admiration of him and declared her to be a saint of no ordinary description, and the harbinger of a light that wouldvunveil the darkness of Antichrist that had long: overshadowed many lands. This was more than a section of his flock could Stand) and they bronght the matter before the Presbytery. His friends did all they; could, partly for his own sake and partly for .the sake of his wife and two yonng children , bat 'Luckie Buchan,' as she was familiarly called in frvine, persuaded him to stand firm. This he did, and accordingly in August, 1783,. he was unanimously suspended by his co-Presbyters from the exeroise of his minis terial functions. Driven out. of the Relief Chnrch, Mr. White'preaohed in his own house and in his garden, and several mem oars ot nis old con gregation rallied round him, including Peter Hunter, the Town Clerk, and John Gibson, a well-to-do- builder. The people of the town, howeyer, were alive to the scandal, and they angrily demanded that Luckie should be expelled from the town. To this the magistrates wonld not consent, and the mob . took the matter into their own hands. They broke the doors and windows of Mr. Hunter's house, and when Mrs. Buchan, whtf-was with them tried to esoape '.'.they intercepted her. ' After dragging her through! all the streets of the town, nearly in a state of nudity, many were for dnoking her in the rivek, but the majority was for hounding her; home to her hnsband . to the sound; of an old tin kettle, and they actually trailed heu to Stewarton, a village eight milesdjaH from fr vine, on the road to GlasflgjgrfrW would raise her up/ accord'"" 5s ." mbny of one of her whoollwe,d the hope of .gherfrom the hands of as 'high as they could, calling aZyiidTor ber to fly now to heaven like Enoch or Elijah, at the same time letting her drop tb the ground, exclaiming, ' She cannot fly yet ; we must take her a litte further and try her: again.' When they came to a bridge at Stewarton, they took her to the ledge for the purpose of throwing her into the river, and would have done so had not one of the party opposed them, sayinsr, ' She has done .us no -personal harm, therefore we will not kill her outright — let her hnsband do that if he pleases when he getB her home.' Luckie Iiianaged to cteep back to Irvine in a most pitiable plight— bareheaded, barefooted, with sdh'rcely a rag tb cover her nakedness, and covered with blood. Yet she was cheerful, jahd Accepted persecution, as the price she must pay for her convictions. Fearful of further- outrage Luckie, or Friend Mother as her disciples now Galled her, was sent off to Glasgow, and thence ed Muthill, in Perth shire, 'whence she wrote oharacteristic.letters to her ' dearest, dear Man Child) Mr. White. . ,'iMy bodyi/_ she wrote, in a postscript, 'is loaded witha great oold, but my senses are like pipes of new wine, all running from a free fountain .' The Man Child followed her, bat his reception in Muthill was so dis couraging, as he openly exposed the errors of the. Confession of Faith, that he returned "with his spiritual mother to Irvine, where the riots began . afresh, and whence the magistrates decreed the expulsion of Mrs. Buchan on two hours' notice. What it was that speoially excited the ire of the Irvine folks was the -doctrine inculcated by Luckie of having all things in common. She broke down the bonds of matrimony. She cpn- , ferred... the gift of the Holy Spirit,, ' with "postures and praotiees, to quote the words of Robert Barns, 'that are scandalously in- decert.' 'When the Holy Ghost of God occupies all t(ie person/ she declared, 4 and' ' reigns5' throughout th& flesh, it matters not whether they marry or not. As for self- denial/ she added, ' it would not do with me to be Belf-denied,.. but even, averse to self- denial.' Without, and notwithstanding these things, her disoiples. agreed to . accompany their Friend Mother, and they departed from Irvine 'singing on the why .to the New Jerusalem.' Mrs. ! Bnchan rode in a cart with Mr. White,. 4 and often! -halted to lee- ( i tore them on i-hq . loveliness - of the land, and . I to cheer them with food from what she called the garden of mercy, and with drink from a | large" cup called the comfortefv'- -All shared alike except Friend' Mother, who, after she had divided the brad, ' lighted her pipe and took a smoke of tobaood.' The number of Buchanites at thisperiod was 46; By slow degrees, sleeping in barns or in public houses, the party reach: d Thornhill, where they spent their first Sunday, and where Mr. "White preached twice. The magistrates of Irvine issued a fug® warrant ior tne recovery oi tne xown uiers, ana sent a messenger at arms to bring him home.' His wife and children continued with Friend Mother, and the whole party halted at the farm of New Cample, in Nithsdale, to wait the return of Mr. Hunter and of one or two more of the enthusiasts who had accompanipd him to Irvine to settle np their business, and some of whom) freed from the sorceries of the ' witoh woman/ never made their appearance again among tho New Jernsalemites. The tenant of New Cample wonld only make a temporary grant of an empty barn, but when he found that the emigrants were good eas terners for his farm produce, that they paid ready money for all they got. and that they' were not slothfnl in labouring on his fields, and that without reward, he not- only let them remain till his crop was gathered in bat also gave them gronnd to erect a house for themselves, . This they did, and it went in the locality under the name of Buchan Hall. Here Mr. White preached, and here as sub sequently in his ' Divine ... Dictionary/ he. described Luckie Buchan as ' the mysterious woman predicted in the Revelation, in whom tut? <ugui. ui tjruu was icatupcu tu tin? wurui, where it had not been since the ascension of , Christ, bnt where it would. now. continue .till the period of translation in to the clouds to meet the Lord at His second coming.' The folks at Closeborn. scandalised beyond' maasure at the conduct and pretensions of the Buchanites, gave them a taste of what Friend Mother termed 'the great red dragon's wrath,' bnt.without avail, and they not only held their ground, but enrolled a number Of converts from England. Luckie Bnchan and Mr. White, had by .this time led them all to believe that in a little time they would be taken bodily up into heaven, and they waited in faith for the hour of ascension. One night they heard what they took to be a great voice from the olonds. The children, aocompanied by ' our great luminary,' struck up their favourite hymn — O hasten translation and come resurrection ; O hasten the coming of Christ in the air. And there was a rushing together of the party from every corner of the house. Mr. Hunter tumbled down the loft in his hurry, but instantly bounded from the. gronnd cry ing .'Hasten translation.' A scene of in tense excitement and bodily agitation fol lowed: The farmer came rushing in, deter mined to go up with the rest. All were ready for the aerial journey when Luckie destroyed their hopes by telling them that she saw they were not yet ready for the change. Then .' she called for a tobaoco pipe and took a smoke.' In the morning the floor of the apartment was fonnd to be ' strewed with watohes, gold rings, and a great . namber of trinkets which had been, in the moment ' of expected translation, thrown away as useless in our expected oountry. My own watch,' adds the ohronicler, ' was of the number. I never saw it more, hut I afterwards learned that John Gibson.-, our treasurer, had collected all -the watches and jewellery then thrown away and sold them in Dumfries.' The same authority averred that Friend Mother's face shone with the/ lustre of the Trans figuration, a proof that she was the Divine Person Mr. white represented her to be.' Luokie attributed the failure to ascend to a lack of faith and ordained a fast of forty days and forty nights in order to prepare her followers for translation. To this, ordeal the deluded Buchanites consented, and- for nearly six weeks, with the exception of Mrs. Buchan herself and Mr. White, they, all but starved. Luckie allowed them np solid food. She gave them occasionally a little treaole mixed with hot water, and, incredible as it may seem, it really appears as if this was all the nourishment they had. The appointed period having expired, Luckie led her dupes to the top of Templand Hill about sunrise. What followed is described by a gentleman who chanced to pass the foot of the hill on horse back, and who stealthily crept np to witness the speotacle '.of fanaticism. 'I recognised several fades that I had seen at Buohau Ha', particularly that of Luokie Budhan herself. She was raised nearly her whole length above the crowd by whom she was surrounded, who stood with their faces to the rising sun and their arms extended upwards as if to clasp the great lnminary as he rose above the horizon.'; Afraid of being discovered, the observer retreated to a wayeide inn. at Brownhfil, where, he encountered the land- iviu a usa Lwu uuuuauuco) w uu uau out when half-way through the part, and who were, anxiously waiting to hear whether' the aeqension had taken place and they had been left behind.- A sentinel soon came running in with breathless haste with tho news that Luckie and the whole band were on their way back to New Cample. We all hastened to see them retrace their steps to their wonted abode ; and suoh a company of half-famished looking creatures I never-, saw5 before. They were all deadly! pate"'""-11' emaciated to the last degree ; ; tliev like living skeletons jnst eiorr$m , grave or newly-fmporjid ekiel e val ley of dry bpnkl £eesoeptin of Luck® herself 01,0 01 those beauties the caiiivas of painters with hil- JvSofis of rosy flesh. Her hair was unbound, and hung profusely over her back and shoulders.' The failure of the attempt to .ascend shat tered the faith of some of the Buchanites, and though Luckie and the Mm Child re mained steadfast the movement' made no farther headway. Luckie purified the rem nant by a ceremony 'too rude to meet an ear of modesty. There were rumours in the country- side, and some apparent ground for them too, that the Buohauites practised in fanticide. - To try to raise the fallen standard was .an impossibility. The party had to leave New Cample and take Up house and farm at Anchengibbert, and here they worked aWay awhile under the active super vision of the Friend Mother. Bj this time, in 1791, she had reached the age of 53 years, but the hardships of her lot in life had told severely upon her, and she became rapidly weaker. She died on the 29th of March, but before she became speechless she called her- little flock about her, reaffirmed that she was the Spirit of God, that Ctirist was her elder, brother, and that she could hot die. She might appear to do so, she added, but they were not to be discouraged) for she would only sleep. ' If their faith was pure, with out alloy, she at the end of six days would return for them, but if they remained faith less she would not return to take them to Heaven till the end of ten years, when, if they still continued , unprepared for the change, fifty years would elapse before sh6 wonld reappear on, earth ; bnt she would then at all events descend to convince the faith less world, of its error. Needless to say she never awoke more. Mr. White and some of the more central figures in the story cut a hole in the roof of the barn in which she lay in state and pretended that she had risen. In reality they opened a newly .made grave in Kirkgunzeon Churohyard and laid , her there; and later her remains were dug up by Andrew Innes, one of the faithful, and duti- fully kept by him in hiB own house. Andrew , saw the ten years eo by, and the fifty also, and was much depressed, at his Friend Mother's failure to return, but he.oontinued true to her cause to the end. Mr. White recanted and sailed again for Amerioa. A dozen or more of the Buchan ites consorted together at Crocketford, dying one by one, and in a few years/the heresy was extinguished. And so ended one of the most extraordinary delusions that Christian ity ever witnessed. That Lnokie Bnchan . ; J was . a woman - of immoral. Kfe.V. Was .. undoubted. - That she was possessed,. of unr., usual gifts and of great force of .character, is ; equally plain. The re ost wo; . lerful thing of all is that she should have beguiled so many otherwise respectable and responsible douce , Piesbyterians in the very cradle land of the Covenanters. 