A PERILOUS TASK. It is a popular belief that there is no slave beneath the shadow of the British flag, but, unfortunately, this idea is hardly borne out by facts. In our West African domains there are many slaves, right under the nose of Consul and Commissioner, too, though generally their servitude is by no means severe the Government sees to that. As a rnlo, when, on oextending authority into new districts, the white officers find a man in the possession of several slaves, they leave him in peace, so long as the latter are not ill- used. It also happened not very long ago, when the black trooks destroyed the stockade of a robber-headman in the Oil Rivers, that the Consul allowed the friendly natives from thecoast to appropriate for their own use the offender's slaves. This he did because he knew they would be much better off under his own eyes than in the power of the bash tyrants. Among the Niger creeks, too children are a valuab!e asset, for their parents sell them openly, and it would be in teresting to know how many native wives some of the white traders have purchased at five pounds' worth of cloth a head. Now, the British Government winks at such things, for the simple reason that these slaves are secure from ill treatment or the risk of being sacrificed to Jo-J0 devils, while beneath its pro tection ; but it has entirely suppressed the shipment of black ivory abroad, and does what it can to put down the ex tensive traffic in human flash, and the horrible midnight raids and village burn ing, which goes on to-day in the wild " hinterland." There lies in the kingdom of Ashantee, beyond the swampy forest of the coast, a tract of dry country, covered with rustling plume grass, which was once the centre of much trade in the small African cattle (tiny, cream-coloured beasts, like diminutive Alderneys), and also the fine native cloth, which comes from the looms of Kano, in the far-off Kanssa land. Of late, owing tothe ex tension of traffic with the white men, the natives found it more profitable to raid their weaker neighbours, and sell them for slaves to chop mahogany and gatherrubberfor the tradero of the hinter land. A little while ago, it occurred to the Gold Coast authorities that it was time that kind of thing was put a stop to, and accordingly a force of Hansaas was sent up into this wild region. One scorching afternoon, the two white officers in charge of the detach ment lounged in monkey-skin chairs in the scanty shade of sweeping palm branches. The elder, MIr District Com missioner Howard, known to his friends as "Daisy Bell," leaned back against their basket-work hut, and his clothing consisted of gauzy pyjamas and native slippers. He would have dispensed with the latter, too, but for fear of the foot-boring jigger insect, for be was not a man of conventionalideas. The other was a lieutenant lately from England, clad in all the finery of iKahki uniform, snowy pith helmet, and plated buttons, who had a firm belief in his own ability to set things straight geserally in the hinterland-once he got the chance. A wiser man would have known better, for Nature is too strong for the European in West Africa, and the negro is case hardened against a hasty civilisation. Presentlg, Lieutenant St. John broke the silence. " Can we do nothing to pot down the abominable raids," he said, " two caravans driven off to Dahomoey in a month-it's a disgrace to civiliea ation." 0omuninloner rooweru yawuce as e answered:-" Sofily, leoftly, man catch monkey," in a good proverb. We can't tackle Gwclo unlesa we can catch him with slaves in his hands-and he is too knowing for that. Besides, the Gor ernor's orders are that there mnst be no bloodshed, and his place is a strong one. Look at it." The Lioeutenant turned his eyes north ward across the yellow waves of rippling plume grass, over which there quivered a dancing haze, and saw a lonely, fl.t topped mountain, rising abruptly from the plain-a patch of dusky purple . against the azoar heavens. Then a hoarse challenge in tho Hanesna tongue rang ont through the quivering hoest; there was a rattle of arins in the cool shade oi the pallns, anod two tall soldiers, with fear and disgust written upon their ebony faces, came forward, while before them walked a decrepit negro, old and withered, tlhe drie.d entrails of goats twisted round his waiAt, and strings of charms abount his naked body. " A repnlsivo object, said the Lioe tenant, snifling, and he was right; but Commissioner HIoward whistled softly, and observed, " Gwelo's Ju-Jo man the Fetish priest turned Queen's evidence. We'll hear Bomething now." After the nsunal greetings, the Jn-Jn man equatted down in the hot dust of the compound, and, working his jigger acnten feet into the rod powder, told his story in a whining voice. Thb District Commissioner and the Haosass gathered the gist of tise matter between them, while the Lieutenant, who understood no words, looked blankly on until the older man turned langnidly towards him. " It's an interesting story," hoe said. S 8piritnual and temporal powers of Gwelo town at loggorhoeads, and the opiritnul ide givces tho other fellow clean away. Guclo thinks the Fotiah men aro gotting too rich, and comforted by what a missionary told him about the limited power of tlhe evil one, has done a kind of IIoenry tho Eighth trick, and oonfisacnted their hoards. They don't like it, so the great high priest ov tho ,lu-Jo dopilo has come to any that Gwelo has a big caravan of slaves on the mountain,. and that he can show us a hidden path. There'll be fan to night," and the Commissioner chucklej. Then he added : " I suppose you are not afraid of ghosts r" " What foolpy is this ?" was the answer, and the Commissioner laughed again as he said : " There are unlimited ghosts in Africa, ghosts of men, cattle and goats, ghosts of poisoned arrows and spears, and legions of evil spirits. Anyway, it's rather a ghostly place, I believe." Afterwards he spoke sharply in the Ha'esa tongue. " Take him away, sergeant, and feed him. Every man under arms in two hours." Late that night half a company of Hausas struggled out of the plume grass, and cast themselves down, pant ing, upon a shelf of rock which over Icoked a deep ravine. The perspiration streamed into the Lieutenant's eyes, and his smart tunic was stained with the acid, yellow dust of the grass plumes, which smarted eyes and nostrils intoler ably. His hands were slashed by the saw-edges of the whitening blades : and he began to realise that setting things straight in West Africa was neither an easy nor a peasant proccse. A nauseat ing odour ro'e out of the black ravine, while upon its farther side the Gwelo mountain rose dark, and shadowy over head. Commissioner Bell said wicked things about the heat, then he drew onut his big revolver, and ostentatiously loaded every chamber before the Jn-Jn man's eyes. Languid as he seemed, there were few men, black or white, who could over reach the Commissioner, and he had a way of always turning up where most wanted. Then he gave the order, "March; any man who fires a shot deals with me," and with a Hanses bayonet on either side, and the Commissioner's revolver at the back of his head, the Ju-Jn man led the way down a winding path. When they reached the bottom it was pitchy dark, and a clammy mist filled all the pit- like hollow, a faint phosphorescence gloaming here and there among the wet grasses. There was no sound to break the stillness, until, with their fingers tightening on the rifle stocks, the Hanssas moved forward, and then a harsh "crunch-crunch," and a sharp snapping of something dry and brittle, rose out of the mist, and presently Lieutenant St. John felt a choking in his throat and faltered in his stride. " Hold up; for Heaven's sake don't break down. It's only the damp and the smell. Here, take a pull at this. Down with it, quick," said Commis sioner Howard, handing a brandy flask to his shaking comrade; and the latter gasped, " Thanks, I'm better now. Pah I Let's get out of this awful stench. Whore are we, anyway, and what's all that blue shimmering ?" Meantime the Hanssas had halted as though by no means anxious to go on, and the Commissioner raised his voice a little. " Forward there. Are the Moslems afraid of dead heathen ?" he said sternly, and turning to his com panion, added, "We're apparently in the Gwelo cemetery or something very like it. Elementary funerals here. They tip the departed over the cliff, though there are places where they eat him." SThe troops went ahead again, while Commissioner Howard swore hard under his breath, for the valley seemed filled with the load crackling, and every now and then a Haussa tripped up, and wont down with a rattle of arms, full length in the tangled, wet grass, from which he emerged shivering and shaking. At last, just as they neared the steep, tree-clad ascent, which rose above them, Lieutenant St. John trod upon some thing soft, which yielded beneath his feet, and turned deadly sick as he harried away. Then they climbed up wards into the murky blackness beneath groves of paw-paw trees and cotton woods until the foul odours of the death valley grew fainter, and the fragrance of acacia flowers filled 'the air. Presently the soft tread in front ceased, the Haussas came to a standstill, and the white men hurrying forward saw two tall wands set up on either side of the path, decorated with tassels of curious charms. "Great is the magic of the heathen. Even the Moslem dare not pass here," said Commissioner Howard. "Every man to his trade. Bring up Mephie topheles, yonder." The Ju-Jn man advanced towards the staves with an ugly smile upon his face, and muttering some incantation, held op his arms while the troops passed, the Haus-:as casting uneasy glances over their shoulder as they went by clenching their rifles. A little later the Lieutenant sprang aside, for something whistled out of the bash and sang past his head, and next moment a light-shafted spear struck quivering in a paw-paw trunk. The sight of a tangible weapon and certain danger acted like a tonic on the white man, and shaking off the vague, half superstitions dread which had crushed down his courage, he drew the weapon forth, saying sarcastically, " This is the ghost of a spear, I suppose." " No," answered Commissioner Bell, lingering the blade, "very real steel this time, and poisoned, too; but if that fellow gets away it's all up with our raid. Don't shoot, for your life," and he grasped his comrade's arm as the latter pointed his revolver towards the bush where there was a faint rustling. The officer shook off his grasp, and would have bounded into the shadows, for he grew quite hot with indignation at this cold-blooded attempt upon his life; but the Commissioner's fingers gripped his collar, and he heard a stem voice say, " Be still, you madman. Do you want to bring the whole place about our ears ? ole will hardly escape the Haussas." go for a space they waited, broeathing hard, and listening to the crackling of undergrowth and rattle of palm branches, while the Jn-Jn man in the iron grip of two soldiers, and the Commissioner's teeth met as he wondered if the Feddah had betrayed them. It would have gone very ihard with him if he had. 'I'hen a faint cry came oat of the blackness, followed by a breaking of bushes, and tlioe two white men ran forward until they saw a Iaonasa in a desperate struggle with a naked negro. The Com missioner's revolver bntt fell like a sledge hammer opon the bnlack forehead and the man dropped with a moan, whilo the Hanuusan tolraighte.oedl hi back and gasped for breath, after which he pro ceeded to bind the hands and feet of his prostrate foo with his own waistcloth torn into strips for the purpose, reviling him for an accursed heathen meantimne. "Jo-Jn norico, out of harm's way now. Stuff his month with palmleaves," said the Commimaioner, and again the march went on. " Grelo in not so clever as he thinks," said the Commissioner as they hBalted for breath later on beneath the rustling branches of a palm. "The joke of the matter is that he has doubtless armed sentries and a nice little ambush and barbed spears prepared for anyone who approaches his front door. This path is evidently only used by the Ju-JIn priests when they descend to the cemetery for some ghastly purpose of their-" He broke off suddenly, for there was a clattering overhead, and along, sinuous obiect, gleaming even in the blackness, slid down the curving fronds of the palm, and fell at tha Lieutenant's feet. Then there was an anery hiss, and Com missioner Howard said hoarsely, " Don't stir if you value your life." A ritlebutt came down with a dull thud, and the white man sprang aside from something writhing in the leaves. Presently stoop inc down he made out a big snake lying before him with a broken back, while a Haussa, rubbing his Snider heel-plate in the mould, said in the vernacular, " No man may escape his fate, but the officer man was very near his death this night." As they moved away Lieutenant St. John felt that a little of this kind of thing would go a very long way ; then he turned round, for he heard a sound of dull blows, and saw a group of shadowy forms dancing like pigmies around the reptile. " Only black monkeys," observed the Commissioner. "There's war to the end between the monkey trises and the snakes. They are taking it out of him now he's helpless. I've seen human beings do the same." Eventually, worn out, dripping with perspiration, and drenched with drw, the little band came out upon the flat top of the hill, and at a low order sank down behind festoons of trailing creepers on a low ridge which com manded the village. Before them lay a narrow strip of clearing, and behind it the black outline of a stockade. There was a dry rustle of palm fronds over head, and from beyond the barrier rose the monotonous "tap-tap" of a monkey skin dram and the croon of a mournful chorus, while at interrals a flickering light moved from hot to hot. "We must wait a while. They're sure to get up some kind of a feast to celebrate the raid, and that's always held in the dark. When they're stupid with palm wine we'll seize the gate," said the Commissioner softly, after con sulting with the Jn-Jn man, and silence settled down. Presently a woman lifted up her voice in a long, eerie wail, and Lieutenant St. John shuddered as he lis tened. "The death howl; her bus. band's dead," said the Commissioner softly. Afterwards shrieks of pain and the sharp cracking of glass-edged whips of manatee hide rang out through the steamy darkness, and the Commissioner ground his teeth as he listened to the cries of the unfortu nate slaves. When the sound died away the red glow of a fire blazed up in front of a huze basket-work house, and a hideous din of native drums rose into the air, followed by a full.-throated and byno means unmusical chorus; and the Commissioner smiled grimly. He knew that inside the chief's house headman Gwelo was making himself drank among his guests with Jumbo wine, and that presently he would mock at the British Government and revile the name of the White Qaeen, ignorant of the fact her hand was already lifted to crush him. '' Confond them," said Commiss sioner Howard, softly but viciously, shaking the hoary dew from his thin jacket. " I'll be down again with fever after this. Why those brutes always feast at night I don't know, any more than I do how to get in, and Apollyon here can't tell me either. We could storm the place, but then someone would get themselves killed, and the Governor would talk. It's a case of 'soilly soily' again." Another burst of fierce merriment rang out, mixed with drunken shouts, and so, heeding not the handwriting upon the wall, Chief Gwolo, like Bel shazzar of old, held high festival and boasted before his guests, knowing not that the enemy were already about his gates, and that lie would be sternly called to account for the innocent blood that he had shed. Meantime the two white officers and the Hanssas lay still as the dead among the undergrowth, drinking in germs of disease with every breath of reeking miasma, with the Ju-Ju man among them, the Commis sioner's revolver muzzle a foot from his breast. roear of the village, and four dark figoree came forth, the flickering glow of a torch falling upon something long and heavy they carried between them. They halted on the verge of a cliff which overhung the valley, the light shone full upon the rigid figure of a dead negro and again the Lieutenant shuddered. A hoarse voice cried alood, there was a swaying of shoulders, followed by a sickening thud far below, and the torch went out suddenly. The Ju-Ju man rose to h's feet, and, whispering to the Commissioner, went forward alone. When he had a start the little party crept out into the clear. ing, and, while some movel like flitting ghosts towards the main entrance. which was not the one that lay nearest, the rest followed in his steps, keeping carefuolly in the loom of the palms. Then five men moved from the cliff side towards the opened gate, and Commis sioner Howard gnawed his monstache as halting in the shadows he wondered whether the wily Feddahb had duped him after ail. A moment later there was a sharp shallenge from the gateway, and by the omoky glare of a torah the white men eaw the Fetish priest waving the sen tries imperiously aside. The mn heosi-. toted. Chief Gwelo's orders were sharp and stern, and they knew he visited hie displeasure open the disobedient with keen steel and scorching flame, but they feared the Jn-Jo devils even more than Gwelo, and the gate was opened wide. Lieutenant St. John caught his breath as he waited for what would hap pen, until a low whistle sounded, and be heard his comrade shouting hoarsely in the Hanuss tongue, and there was a rush of many feet towards the gate. Next moment he was through thestock. ade, and charging down the main street of the village, revolver in hand, among the bayoneta, the Lhantis flying wildly before them, until again there was a sharp order, and, while half the men faced outwards with rifles at the reandy, the rest spread a shining are of steel about the doorway of the Chief's house. A mocking voice rose above the cries of the villagers, "Come forth, Gwelo the Great," and the redoubtable raider uIrched drunkenly forward, shouting with rage at the sight of the exultant foo. Looking stupidly about in search of a weapon, and finding none, he stag gered forward, and nould have leapt upon the bayonets to grasp at his be trayer. A UHansa sergeant called, " Slay him not: Emite with the butt," and a private swung his snider by the muorle, and striking the headman across the shins, a negro's vulnerable point, the bie warrior went down bead foremost within a foot of the shining steel. Then, as the slave raider and dealers came out one by one, the Government interpreter proclaimed aloud that after fire minutes' grace every man seen with arms in his hands would be shot, and, furthermore, that the town would be fired if they did not deposit their wen pans before the white men in that time. So, finding no escape, for there was a guard at both gates, the Gwelo people yielded with the best grace they could, and thus, without the spilling of a drop of blood, the raider was taken red handed. Early next morning, leaving a pile of snapped spears and broken flintlock guns behind them. the troops marched south, convoying the liberated slaves. Gwelo is in durance vile, and it will be long ere he raids the hinterland again, while the Ja-Jn man, who was prevailed upon to visit Accra as a cariosity, re ceived a liberal rewart, and then, after attempting to poison a sick official, who was foolish enough to test his powers, fled suddenly by night, and his where abouts are unknown. Probably he did not return to Gwelo for urgent reasona. Commiseicner Howard smiles his usual languid Emile as he tells the story, but the heathen o! the Hinterland now treat the warning of that officer with much consideration, and are no wise eager to incur the wrath of the White Queen. 