THOMAS ,JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursdayafternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jar-is, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest nme in Sydney. tHe was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that Ie was an invalid r on the rapid road to convalescence. t In reply to the preliminary questions, he e said: " You want to know all about my a case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to a tell you. The facts may be of value to those t who are stricken as I was." t " How long were you suffering?" 1 " \Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave otff work, and I have done nothing since then.. About live y'ears ago, nest Chlritmas, I met w ithu a ?i::ci.ent n I w-s lbadly setledly while taking a bath in Pl'it-street., Sydney. Ni ce the accidejit I ? have been i t failing hte lth, and after four y vears: of gradual dcvcloiment of the mudlady, Si ws-' futrccd to give up iy billet at the G;lo-be dl Islud." W" \hat were the symptoms 7" d Simply iunde:cribuhae. The pains were someth?ing t:r ible. They were just albout as mui h ais 1 .ould be.ir. They were fo, all the wlori li.'e as if a saw wtere cutting my bones in two in eve:T lart of me. I had uno control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I d was incessansly shivering and shaking, and of could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd e. March last I saw a well-known doctor .and he told me my case was utterly hopemle Swsir, b prttme aaarWstotbaDirectO "' id yiotixrikb tue' of the olide P' " o; I came home and went to bed. and have been pretty well in bed ever, since. Fire weeks ago 1 could not walk across the floor; in fact, I couild not get out of bed., T felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would' give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was .in. I,was under him for.'live or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotorataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charace torised by peculiar disturbances of gait; and difficulty in co-ordiun ting voluntary move ments. He told me that I mightlastforten years, and that I might never get the use or my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). 'Well,just'as a drowning nan will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills foiPale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as as it was magical.. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day It was incrxible. I im mediatel left the bed and was able to move about.` .1 have itakenufour boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually. btIt surely, r"eedvering my.former vigor and vitality, Y~iu sts those crutches there? They,.are perfectl, new, and 1 have tever used tlem. r''he? Were-maide foi me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use ithem, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had comein and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and nade another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a lortnight previously. ".can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold biath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am," I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascrite all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved nmy life. I am in no pain now what ever, and feel like a new nm.ui. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to dealen the excruciating p.in. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chiefnews papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by D)r. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of ap petite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &e.; 