FROZEN FACTS. Onxt one man in 203 is over six feet in Tiie breaking' strain of an inch rope is 9,000 pounds. Ax apple diet is recommended as a cure for dyspepsia. There are more Germans than Irish in the United States. Nova Scotia and British Columbia furnish most of the Canadian coal. Madame Altiani began learning music when she was only four years old. It is a remarkable fact that the deepest parte of tlic sea are in all cases very near the It has been computed that one of every eighteen inhabitants of Germany is a sol Tiie Japancso believe in ghosts, and pic torieally represent them as pale- faced women with hair hanging over their eyes. Bullocks have no foreboding or fear of death. They will witness their companions being killed, and yet go on placidly eating and drinking. Greenwich records show that for H years there has been an average of but 20 hours of sunshine in London in December. In China a man may wear tho same gar ments for a lifetime without being out of style, so little does the fashion change. It is reported that since the Czar an nounced his intention of maintaining auto cratic rule in Russia he has been the recipient of numerous Nihilist threats and mauifes Ix China the “ ju ming ” or “ milk name ” is changed upon the child starting to school, and again upon marriage, or in tho event of selecting a trade or occupation. Statistics of life insurance show that in the last 25 years the average of man’s life has increased o per cent., or two whole years, from 41*9 to -13‘9. About two hundredweight of water from St. "Winifred’s Well at Holywell is, it is understood, posted every night in sealed cans to all parts of the country, America, and the colonies. Ix Brussels during the winter the sculptors often make statues out of show. These are 'exhibited in the public parks, and the pro ceeds from the tickets aro given to the [ The temperature of the planet Neptune is .bcleived to be about 900 degrees below the zero of Fahrenheit, while that of Mercury is inuch too high to admit of a possibility of air-breathing animals inhabiting it. Medical opinion, apropos the rage for cycl ing amongst women, declares that the exer cise is peculiarly harmful for young girls, and that it is a fruitful source of consumption and heart complaint. The cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs, half of which is to be provided by the State and hnlf by the city and the Department. It jWill be 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. i America is certainly the land of promise ! for women. Miss Elizabeth Fleming has been 'appointed crier of the United States District iCourt JitPortland, whilst in Kentucky a Miss •Tompkins has been appointed Assistant Mar I shall of tho United States Supreme Court. Tiie Brazilian soldier at the present day is extremely well paid compared with European soldiers. A private soldier’s monthly pay is £1 18s., with Government rations, or £3 10s. if he finds his own rations, while a second lieutenant is paid £15 10s. a month, and £5 extra when actually in the field. i It is a strange fact that while the teeth of j the negro on the old plantations were remark - jable for their whiteness, those of the freed negro of the present day are in an infinitely worse condition than those of his white brother. This is owing entirely to the change of diet and the coloured man’s weakness for sweetmeats. It is well known that oatmeal and bran have a most softening influence upon the skin, and if there is roughness it should be used in preference to soup, especially where there is any tendency to skin disease. Soap irritates,, whilst oatmeal and bran have a healing effect, and also allay the intense itch ing. Sir Robert Rawlinsox has never forgotten that in early life he was a stonemason. On one occasion, while passing through Chorley with a friend, lie pointed to a step and said, “That step is well set, don’t you think?” “ How should I know?” retorted his com panion—a well-known lawyer, by the way. “ Ido,” was Sir Robert’s rejoinder, “because I set it myself.” The Japanese infantry is said to be sup plied with shirts and drawers of paper, of course not such as commonly used in Europe, but a yellowish paper of such tenacity as to hear making button-holes in it the same as in linen. The various parts of the garments are partly stuck together and parti}* sewn by machine or hand, and provided with porcelain buttons. During the reign of terror in Paris in 1793 many of the nobility were reduced to starva tion and beggary. The abattoirs sent their hides fresh to the tanneries without removing the tails, and in cleaning them the tails were thrown away. One of these noble beggars asked for a tail, and it was willingly given to him. He took it to his lodging and made (what is now famous) the first dish of oxtail soup; he told others of his good luck, and they annoyed the tanners so much that a price was put upon them. Most insects, says a scientific observer, seem to be deaf to the sounds which are heard by human beings. At the same time there is no question that they produce souuds and hear sounds that are entirely beyond our own range of auditory perception. Sir John Lubbock has said that we can no more form an idea of these sounds than we should have been able to conceive a notion of red or green if the human race had been blind. The air is doubtless often vocal with the sounds made by insects of so high a pitch ns to bo entirely out of range of man’s power to hear. The Chinese are regarded by some travel lers among them as the politest people on earth. For instance, in addressing a perfect stranger, a Chinaman commences his letter, “My eldest brother.” The letter contains such a phrase as “May all tho blessings of life bo showered upon you, such is the wish of your imbecile junior.” In speaking of his own family, the writer says, “We ants.” The address on tho top of the letter reads, “From my humble cabin to tho glorious Palace of Pearls for my elder brother,” and the preamble is, “ To my excellent and bene volent brother who ascends the staircase of honour.” People who disappear and aro never heard of again are more numerous than one would suppose. In tho dominions of the British Empire alone some 8,000 individuals vanish every year without loaving any indication as to their whereabouts, or ever appearing again. Tho ingenuity of suicides no doubt may have something to do with that result, for many beings of our species seem to have inherited a share of that instinct that teaches our dumb fellow-creatures to dio in well-selected hiding-places By far tho largest number, however, is accounted for by the desire to evade domestic responsibilities by runaway husbands and fathers 