PERIWINKLE. CHAPTER VI.. fUMIJ, paralysed \vith fright, I fell back against. the pas- sago wall, my arms extended be hind mo, my oyos wide, strained, un willingly fascinated; fixed upon tho' narrow stair-laddor which led up to that evil place. No moon light touched tho garret stairs ; all there was an impenetratable gloom. . . Unci my life depended , in my promptitude in. flight, I eonld have stirred neither hand or foot. I could only keep staring, in n \- voiceless agony of dread, upward at that flight of stcep'bnro stairs which led to my uncle Simon's don. . It scorns to take minutes. in telling, but actually seconds only could hnvo 1 elapsed ere I dimly porcoived advancing toward me the tall figure of a man — advan cing with groatj care, and like a blind man, fooling his .way .as ho came. Then from the ugly sha dow ho stepped into the beau tiful moonlight ; and a stifled ' shriok, partly of relief, partly of mingled wonderment and joy, broke from my dry lips. Tho man was Daryl Darlcwood. Ho saw me, stared — he was al ready very pale— came quickly forward and sank upon one knee at my feet. Too startled yet to utter a word, I could only stand fhero petrified in amazement, with my quivering arms spread for support against tho wall be hind mo. ' My darling forgive me !' he whispered passionately. I did not mean to disturb or alarm you, but I could not help it. I found tho skylight in tho roof unfasten ed— moveable. It seems however that it closes with a peculiar kind of a spring, and I was speedily made a prisoner. I struok a light "and luckily then found an old key or ' . . My heart was beginning to thaw, as it were. My tongue became loosed and' was once more my own. ' But — but, Mr. Darkwood,' I gasped, ' what is tho meaning of this ? Why nro you hero at all ? It is — it is terribly wrong. Why— oh, why did you do it — ' Flower, I love you !' ho cried Drcnrniessiy. j. love you, ana mean to save you from tho deso late, unnatural life yon are now living. Dearest, this house, be lieve me, is no place, 110 fit home for you. Tho people here have whkedly deceived you — you are nothing to them, are not of their kin. I- am convinced of it from what I huve hoard about them and you in Btonyhampton and elsowhero. Yet, before making this known to you I was resolved to ascertain tho truth for myself —and to-night I have dune it. It is very ugly truth ; and, Flower, you must quit this plaee, say adieu to it for ever — tho very hour that I can arrange for you to fly with me to a happier shel ter. My darling, with mo you will .bo safo. No oue can take you from me or in any wise harm you when .you aro.onca my wife.' in pity,' 1 wnisperea distrac tedly, 'ndt so . loud. You will awaken my aunt else, and that would be dreadful, dreadful. Go — please, go.' 1 1 will. But you must solemn ly promise me that you will-be in mo quarry, to-morrow morning — nay, it is now .morning— not later than eleven o'clock. I will ex plain everything to you then.' Oh, I will promise anything, if you will ohly go 1' I moaned, almost sobbed, wringing my hands in mi agony of distress. He sprang to his feet and clas ped me fondly in his arms. I was too weak and unnerved — in deed' utterly powerless— to resist \- him in the least. I could only lie passive in his sustaining arms whilst he pressed his lips to mine. ' Farewell, beloved, for a few hours 1' ho murmured. ' Show me the best way of escape — and I am gone.' ' The best way — the best way,' I repeated dazedly to myself. Yes —yes. That would be it — tLo quiokest and the best way. ' 'See — straight beforo you — down this passage,' I explained feverishly — is . the door of my room. .Tho window is- exactly opposite to my.Jdopr; the moor itself js, as you know, only a few ' feet from tho window-ledge. It is I he. best way. Oh, be quick, Mr. Darkwood, if you would bo kind to ms— and go !' '' 'Not until I have heard you say, Daryl, I love you !' . _ It was— this extraordinary mid night encounter— but the - fourth time in mylife of seeing him. I poor moth in the flamo— obeyed him nevertheless.' , : ... ' Daryl,': I breathed, trembling exceedingly, 'I— I love you.' ' Periwinkle,' he murmured back, caressing my head, 'you are all the world to mo, lovo. My pretty, Flower, Heaven shield you and bless you.' Again did he strain ran to his heart, his lips fixed- up >n mine; and then, releasing mo, ho van ished down the moonlit passage ; and I was alone. CHAPTER Vn. I rose up betimes to sit by my ppon window, and tho fresh pure air of the morning Wrought ihe more good tlian anythiug else could have done. It cooled my nouing head and fevered eyes, and brought baok to me the bod ily Vigour of which the excite ment of the past uight hud robbed me. Notwithstanding, at present steady and collected thought was a sheer impracticability, thut must wait until the day was' older and I had learut more than I already Ifliow nP tkn m t> olo w V\v«rw»<l_ ««v » V «IV IUJ VAVA J IUUH UJ UUU ed over Moor Edge. I could not, would not yet think of thut. A dispassionate view and reasoning of things must ho put uside until I had again seen Darvl Darkwood. Daryl — Daryl I I could think only of him, and not yet of uncle Simon and aunt Hunnah and Moor Edge. When I heard aunt Hannah astir below, opening doors and windows and raking out the ashes from tho kitchen grate, I arose quietly from my chair by tho casement and wont downstairs to join her in her work. I began to wonder whether in appearance I was at ell changed from the Flower Crccdy of the night be fore. I suppose, though, thejre was no' perceptible difference-in me — at all events to tho eyes of my nunt Hunnah— for, when she looked at me and said good morn ing, she made no observation of a personal character. She, I was glad to notice, look ed bettor than usual ; evidently a night's thorough rest had in every sense been beneficial to her. ' Did — did you sleep well, aunt, after all ?' ventured I, as careless ly as I could speak, as I shook out and spread the cloth for our breakfast and clattered the croc kery upon the tabic. ' Sound as a roach,' answered sho quito cheerily for her. 'Th t grog yon made, Flower, must have been very strong, I feel sure, and I wonder I have not a head ache this morning — that I do !' ' I told you it was strong — I tllOU&ht; VOII flfli'Hl'rl ifcan T dti-nnlr in with a short forced laugh. ' You did not want to hear that cock crowing all night, did you?' 'No, indeed,' shivered my aunt as she poured the boiling water on tho tea. 'I daro suy you won't believe it, hut my very marrow ran cold as it was.' Again I laughed a little absent ly, perhaps somewhat unfeelingly, and strolled to the back door. Why, where was Jack ? Why had he not, as. was his wont, come scampering indoors, his stump of a tail quivering iovouslv. the moment ho heard us moving in the house ? Bare-hcadcd, I went into the sunny : court, and gazed up and down it and ovor thio wall into the yard. Jaok, Jack,' I called— little ITinYl Tl/llAVA nva vrnn 01 A ml iVah " w»w J WU 4 AUU IUUU I whistled for him. But there was no glad hark in reply. Where could he be, my dear little mongrel friendand compan ion? I ran to his barrel and looked into it. A sharp cry hurst from me. I fell upon my knees by tho barrel's month. My tears had suddenly gashed forth and blinded me. There, upon his side in the straw — half in, half out of his tub —he lay, my faithful 'little man' that; would never more answer to my merry call, never more wan der with me over the wide and windy moor. ' His glassy eyes were partly open, his tongue, slightly frothy, hung from his jaws. His body, his limbs eold and stiff in death—he lay stret ched to his fullest length, which was yet barely that of a good- sized hare. . My cry of bitter grief speedily brought out aunt Hannah. ' Is— is ho doad ?' said she, turning very white, ' Yes— deud I' was all I could say. Aunt Hannah stooped over the little dead dog, and warily exam ined tho hangingtong<ie. Then she looked up at- me, Iu an awc- strioken voice she suid — 'It must have happened last night when tho game cook wns crowing. Ho has been poisoned —that's plain. And who — who can have done it, I wonder ? Oh, Flower,' whined she, 'didn?t I say tlmt misfortune was coming ? And now — and now, depend upon it, mere's worao ocmnar. ' - ' ' My dear, do not, oh, do not cry so piteously. It is terrible for me to se'o you. Take heart, Flower. lii a little while you will bo far away from that dismal place yonder. 'We shall bo al ways together, in a purer" atmos phere — morally purer, you know, I mean — with no care, no. trouble and as happy as the day is long.' 'It is so — so much to have lost in a single day, at a single blow,' I sobbed, although Duryl's dear arms were holding ine as. we. sat together upon tho grass-grown quarry stones, and'Heaven's own fair radiant sky was overhead. 'JjFaith — one's utter'fuith in one's nearest and host — shattered at a single blow, and — — ' . ' Now do not call that old vil — that old man your "nearest and best," Flower. I tell you that he is nothing to you — 1 am convin ced of it ; nor are j'ou nught to him. He is an outcast, a pariah, a kimFof. leper— a kind of leper — what you will — that is all the world over 'shunned by his fellow- men. Moor Edge, as I tried to make you understand last night, is no fit abode for you, my dur- ling. It is an accursed house — haunted, bo sure, by: many a ghost, if ghosts of- the pooy dead there be. You must . hy-itnd-byo forget that you oyer lived there, that you over called- it homo.' 'That will be impossible. I have known no home but that ; and — and uncle Simon has been Si ways so good to me. I owe him so much — overything indeed !' ' You owe him nnthine. What- ever he may have done,' ray dear little girl, rest -well assured he lias done in the way of atonement —having so wickedly wronged you. And, Flower,? my lover said almost sternly, .'do hot any more, I beg you, speak of him as "uncle Simon." I do not like it, I cannot bear it. I have a sensi tive ear, Elowei, and " uncle Si mon" grates upon it painfully.' I sighed heavily, wearily, and could not stem the flood of my tears. 'Then — then there is Jack,' wept I, 'my dear little dog. Oh, I loved him so — I loved him so ! He is gono— all iB gone 1' ' Come— are you not a trifle ohildish, darling ?' said Daryl, half geutly, half playfully. 'Jack, after all, was only; a dog, and — forgive me, Flower— a precious ugly, and, I think, a dangerous ono.' ' Ah, hut he was so faithful,!' I managed to say. . ' No doubt. But some one) I daro say, with intent to destroy stoats and other vermin, had been throwing poisoned flesh about,' answered Daryl. ' I— I. don' t kno w . I wish I did,' said I sadly. Talking in a light and tender vein, Daryl did his best tosootlio and to eomfort me. And I was with him, his arms were around me, hiashoulder was my aching head's sweet resting-place;, und so my. grief over the unalterable past aud my vaguo nervous quail ing from a -shadowy and an un known future were alike us- suaged by his nearness, his touch', his dear companionship, which soon would be a constant joy that was never more to be taken away J .. V _ My lover 011 that morning, since I had joined hiin in our sheltered trysting-place, had told me many strange and disquieting things; explaining also hiB start ling appearance at Moor Edge in the dead of this past night. He declared to me that bp had felt that ho could not rest until with his own eyes lie had beheld the iuterior of Simon's Creedy's gar ret. He hud heard from tho folk at- Garlands and from other gbs-. sips in Stony harnpton ' what the plaoo was' said to contain — what gruesome secrets .were believed, to be hidden from tho. light- of day in that attic under tho roof ; but, beforo in any manner ven turing to influence me in the taking of the serious step which must for ever cut me off from u icle Simon and his guardianship, he wished, ho said, to make quite certain that rumour for once was correct. When all doubt upon tho point- was thoroughly set at rest, then no time should be lost in persuading mo to fly with him, thenceforward to turn my back upon tho evil abode. -As there appeared not the remotest chance of his— Daryl Darkwooa's entering uio liouso by fair means, why, he must — so he reasoned — have recourse to moans that were not exactly fair. Ho described to me how simple a matter it was to scale the walls and roof of Moor Edge — -remarkably simple to a skilful olimber — how he had found the skylight in tho roof ajar— he supposed for ventilation und had at oncq carefully lowered himself . into the small aud stuffy den beneath it, To his horror, the skylight had closed with a spring, the secret of which ho uau ueeu uuaoie 10 detect, and there was ho in tho roof of Moor Edge, a prisoner caught like a rat in a trap, laughed iriy "lover?— ? As I told .yjaii; last ..night,, my dear one,' he addediii "; ' ' Bat— hut .was it . not very— . very dark and horrible up there?' I faltered. ' Dark enough, in all conscience — however, I had with me a box of waxlights; and there was, as you- know, tho cold white moon light besides. White and weird as it was, it was nevertheless suf ficient to show- me what I saw.' 'Oh, Dnryil,' I whispered, womanlike kiudlin'g with curiosi ty, notwithstanding my sorrow and uneasiness, ' what did you see? Remember, I was never. in the attic in my life.' To be Ooiitiuned.) 