THE GHOST OF THE "WESTERN BELLE." [BY CAHTI. CLARR,] I freely confess myself a boliovcr in ghosts, for I've soen them. Whst sailor tins not P Wbo could sail the seas for well nigb fifty yoars mid not witness some of tho strange occurrences which ninety-nine sailors out of every hundred set down as Kuperuaturul without more ndo. You see, there nro tho occurrences. They are of a natnro wholly different from a sailor's daily eipnricnom. And they usually take place under conditions which would be likely to strike an educated landsman with awe, so it is no wonder that sailors have a settled belief in haunte 1 slilph end phantom skippers I've been on night watch out there in tho f?outh Pnoitlo when tliero's been nothing to do but look at the stars and wish for wind, the hands squatting under tho ship's nide fast asleep for want of somothing better to do in a dead calm. If you have auy partiality for ghosli, these are the conditions for conjuring thorn up nt plea sure. Ofton I'vo heard a sudden orecp of the water under the stern or at tho bow ns a mvoll j bus lifted the ship, that yon oould have sworn j wan tho or; of somoono in distress. Or maybe one of tho hands from below, unable i to sleep, lus como sottly on deck to havo a turn in tho frosb nil'. Ho | hu oome up before you no tin apparition juBt when your mind was on your wife or sweetheart ten thousand miles away.^maybe. There are plenty of ghosts of thnt kind at son. But I've generally found this. That if a ship's ghost be run to berth or.wherover you can fix it, you'll find flesh oud blood pretty well alive at tho bottom of it. Tho best piece of ghost business I ever had to do with was when I was " first " on the " West ern Belle." Thiugs had been bad in the freight trade so tlir-y sent us " tramping " round about New Zealand, Australia, and tho Cape The Bolle was a handy littlo steamer of 1,800 tons and was then nuder Albert Townshond, one of the best captains I over sailed with. Ho had been dodging about South Island and rau into Cbristchurcb. Here, Townshond got I ho offer of about half a cargo for u quick run to Port land, Victoria, and took it as there was nothing else visible. We got the cargo on board and started, Tho Belle bad fair accommodation for pastengers, but as wo had only five in the saloon, a family of four and a single man who was orossing to a Victoria house, we had lots of room for ghosts both bolow and in tho cabins. Tho Bocond night after leaving Cbrist churcb I was on duty through the middle watch. Tho soa was lileo a mirror. The stars twinkled upon it as brightly ah in the sky. I nu leaning ovBr tho rail at the starboard aide wondering what our next luck would bu when I hoard on UDUSU.i1 sound behind me. Turning quickly, I saw one of the watoh staggering uguinat tho port side opposite where I stood, as if reeling from a heavy blow. .' What's up now ? " I shouted, crossing over to where tho man stood supporting himself against the ship's side. I found it was one of the men named Jack ton, a simple fellow they called " Crank," on account of his oddities, .' Hallo, Crank ! " I said, " What now P " Ho pointed towards the stern, whore wo hud a range of spare store-moms on oach mdo under a covered deck with a spare steering-wheel in the centre. I couldn't see the man's face, but I could tell from his movements that he wan terrified. " What's up, why don't you speak f " I said again, sharply. " Tho-the-shin's haunted, Ther-there's a ghoot-I seen it," be stammered, pointing again to the stern. " What's the matter P Don't be a fool. What have you seen p " I said peremptorily, annoyed at tho mun for what I thought his stupidity. A fuce-a girl's face-a pale facp," ho gasped, moving u. little forward as if for protection. " Don't be a fool. Crank ! Come along and show me where it is p" I said, poing aft. He slowly followed me. An oil lamp that we always bad alight at night to light the space about the spare wheel was burning dimly, I looked into the gloom beyond it. Thero was nothing to be seen and was not a sound except the hissing of the buflbles in our wake us they rose from the propeller. " What did you see P" I said again to Crank as he stumbled up to me. " A pale faoe-it was there, abaft the wheel; a girl's faoe with a shawl round it,"|>o said in a tone that left no doubt in my inihd as to the honesty of his declaration. " Nonsense 1 You're dreaming man," I suid, lifting down tho/amp and casting its beams into the stem-way. " No dreaming," he answered, shaking his head, "I'll take my solum oath, it was a girl's face, pale, and with a shawl round it." " Well, there's neither girl nor face hero now," I said, " is there ?" " No, but I seen it," persisted Crank. " Come along forward," I said, " and don't scare tho ship with that lubberly yarn.'' It was just a quarter to four. I was taking a last turn round the ship to see if all was right for the starboard watch which was coming on at four o'clock. I had been forward and was coming aft along tho poitside. As I passed the galley I heard the sound of feet, and directly after three of the watch tumbled on top of me. '. What's this ? " I said, Bharply, recovering my balanco and planting my baok against the side. The men had not seen mo in the dark and had collided with me in their flight. They were breathless. " Something's there aft, sir 1" said one of them pointing astern. " Where-what is it I " I asked, alarmed at this second demonstration. " A woman's head-a ghost," answered the man. " Aye I A girl's head-a face white like death," chimed in another of the men. " Hero I We must put tin end to this," I said. " Come along men. Show me where you saw it," 1 said, leading the way aft again. We proceeded to the spnco at the end of the deck. The lamp was still burning. *' Now, where did you see it?" I asked, throwing the light into the depth of the covered space beyond the wheel. "There-(here ! " replied two of them, pointing to a spot immediately abaft the wheel. " Go and get a fresh light, " I said to one of the men. We examined every nook and rope, and round in the bend of the stern, but not as much as a rat was to be seen in form of a living thing except ourselves. The man came back with a newly-trimmed lamp. " Open each of those doors," I said, pointing to the store-rooms at the port side. The first door was unlooked and opened read ily, I cast the bright light of the lamp around. Paint-drums and spare ropes wero the only things visible. We passod to the noxt room. This too, contained old ropes and deck-stores. The next rcom door was locked, so we crossed over to thn starboard side, where there were three more rooms corresponding to those we had just left. Two of theBe were locked, so wo passed them. The third we found to contain old boxes and timber without a trace of any living thing. Four bells rang out, " Come on," I said to the men as I heard the hail from the starboard watch. " And don't you fellows go and make fools of your selves in the focas'l over this," We went forward and the stnrlio&rd; wmte ciime on. Captain Townshend was coming out of his room as I passod. " Good morning, Mr. Brindley 1 Anything fresh P" ho said. " Yon, ghost reported on board," I said, laughing. " Good heavens I What's up, Brindloy P" bo asked, startled. I told him (be story, nnd of how wo had ex amined all of the ikek-roomn at the storn wo could gut into, and bad fouud nothing. I sanr by the light of the lamp that bis brows were knit, and a cloud had coma over his fnco. " A bad job that. We'll do no more good with tbo men if wo don't clear it up," ho said as he loft me nnd passed aft. Nothing more was scon of the ghost that night. The story was known to every hnnd on tbo ship bnforo daybreak. It was pitiful to sco the eil'ect it bad on the inun, Ihuy went about their work with terror on their faces, cringing at every sound. 1 hud thought of having the whole of the deck-rooms rummaged during tbo riny, but tho chango that hail come over the men was no great that Captain Towns hend agrerd with mo that it would bo best not to go near them or name them unless something further wet'O seen. I ho next night the Captain naked mo to Icocp I a sharp look out for anything strnngn. find to ' call him immediately if anything happened while lie whh not about. The Hollo was steered . from the bridge, NO that after the piutKi'iigcrs hnd turned in there was little occasion for tl.o men to go nft while llio wi- uthor ; kept line. The boatswain, the lamp'trlmmer, | ami myself were about the only ones who I troubled that part of the ship with their prcti ' ence during the middle watch. i At half-past three I thought I would take a ' quiet turn round the dock, ustern. Except for : the throb of the euginen, tho occasional rcrapo of the shovels iu the lire-hole,and tho hissiug of the bubbles iu our wake, all WAS Btill. I walked noiselessly by the deck-houses, keeping as well iu the shadow of them as I could. By the otid of the captain's room I stopped and looked. he lamp under the aftcr-deck WAS burning and 1 could see tho dim outline of tho apare wheel. 1 stood and watched intently. 1 was nboub to resume my walk when A move ment of some object beyoud tho wheel ri vetted my attention. Slowly and noiselessly thoro emerged out of tho gloom a form at first indis tinct but gradually assuming shape. In a moment it changed its position,and a luce, puto in tho dim light of the oil lamp, wwb turned towards me. 1 elutohud at tho frame of tho deck-house,for my heart scorned to have stopped beating. Tbo figure wns moving about tbe stern boyond tbo wheul. Thcro wns only a bond mid shouldtrs visible, nil but tbo Fnco being swathed in fiooio light-coloured, I'nbrio. na Crank Jackson bad nfllrmoil Iho previous night. The face again turned towards me. I was confident it wns that of n girl though what it meant was a mystery. Gently oponing tho door of the onptain's room,, I urouved him und told him that I had teen thc> apparition. He roso immediately und caino ou deck The face nnd form hud disappeared. "There's somotbing in it, Cuplnin," I said, ns I saw bis look of astonishment. " Let us gut the keys of the rooms that are locked, and make a thorough examination at once. I bare un idea wo shall discover something worth finding." " Get them, and bring tho purser along with you. It's mostly his stuff wbieh is in thoso rooms," said Captain Townshend. I found the purser,and obtained tho keys and! a couple of good lights. We joined the Captnip> and went quietly uft. We examined tbo throe rooms on tho port sido, and then crossod to tho end room ou the starboard side. Wo found that tbe door wnt unlocked, but would not open. Applying oui shoulders to it and giving a heavy push it at lust yielded, I entered with a light, tho Cop tain und the purser following. Tbe room had boon used for tho storage ol our spuro sails, and contained soverul sails and pieccs of sail-cloth, some folded up nnd some tbruwn down loosely. There was no one hu> oursclveB visible in it. " There's nothing hero," exolaimed the purser, casting his light around. Wo were about to leave and pass to the next room when Captain Townshend and I simul taneously obsorved n movement of what seemed to be a roll of sailcloth projecting from beneath an unfolded sail, , , " What's that ?" he exclaimcd. I crawled across the sails to where tbe roll lay and touched it. The feol was that of i. human body. Throwing back tbe loose sail, It uncovered what was beneath. There lay thH form of a girl with a piece of sailcloth closely wrapped around her. We lifted her up and took her outside. Slid began to cry bitterly nnd besought us to have pity on her and not harm her. Wu managed to pacify htr, and then, still sobbing, she told us hei story. Sho had enme out from Englaud as a domestic servant and had not found life iiij New Zealand what she had expeoted. Hor money was almost gone nnd she hud neither friends nor prospccts. Sauntering along thu quay she had learned that tbe "Western Belle'' was on tbe point o[ sailing for Victoria. SbtJ had gone on board and made some inquiries and had noticed that tbe dcck-rooinB were only part filled with store*. Sho had gone ashore agniu and obtained a small stook of provisions, and theu returning and waiting her opportunity she had boarded the steamer and stowed her. self away in tbe sail-room, intending to remain! unobserved during the voyage. The closeness of tbo room, nnd tho vibration of tho propellei; beneath her, hud brought on sickness, and dur-i ing the two uights on which her pale face was seen she had stolon quietly out to obtain a littla fresh uir. Our lady passenger took the girl in charge, and on reaching Portland induced ber to remain in ber service. Tho captain was too glad atr having satisfactorily disposed of the ghost to be angry with tho stowaway. Had be not solved tbe mystery, tbo crow would have de* serted to a man on touching port, for no sailor stays on a haunted ship if be knows it. 