PEQPESSOS DAVIS'S FANTAS- TIQUES Last night the Theatre Royal was well filled by a fashionable and critical audience to witness Professor and Madam Davis in their mystical and mirth provoking entertainment. The Professor having come to CoolgaTdie with great credentials great things were expected, and the verdict of the large audience* at the close of last night's entertainment was that he well deserved the applause given him and his wife. A number of clever tricks with cards was the opening item of the evening, in which the apparently impossible was performed with the greatest ease, after which the Professor, while •'chained, cribbed, and confined,*' was the means of some clever " cabinet work," in which even the genial " Sir John," would come as a bad second. The first part of the programme terminated with a very clever ventriloquial entertainment. A duet by Professor Davis and one of his especial friends being extremely good. The second part commenced with the clairvoyant exhibition by Mrs. Davis, which was certainly the most interesting and most appreciated item of the evening. The lady, who is blindfolded and seated near the back of the stage, gives with unerring correctness different figures written on the blackboard by an assistant selected from the audience. Then a number of questions, wr tten on pieces of paper which neither the Profe«?or nor Madame Davis had an opportunity to see, and circulated, are answered carefully and correctly, to the mystification of the audience. In answer to the question, is carting going to boom," the happy questioner was ^informed that carting wag going to boom, while several people who had an ambition to visit other parts than Western Australia were informed of the approximate dates of such visits. This was followed by the exposure of Mrs. Mellon's famous " spooks," and an illustra tion of the manner in which modern ghosts are produced. In this scene the professor's hands are bound with a stout rope beliind his back, and he is placed sack tied round his neck, all knots being sealed. He is then p! in a cabinet, which after a careful scrutiny by the committee is pronounced to be empty. The curtains are then drawn, and the lights turned down. Almost immediately the spirit manifestations commence. The first to ap pear is " Little Cissie," who walks about the stage asking for chocolates. She retires to her spiritual slumbers, and " Geordie " takes her place, greeting the gentlemen OD the platform with a most earthly shake of the hand. "Josephine" appears in due course, after which Mr. Davis, free from all the trappings with which he had been so securely bound, steps out of the cabinet. He retires for a few seconds, and at a given word the curtains are thrown aside, and the Professor is found seated on the chair bound in exactly the same manner as when he first entered. On examination the seals are found to be unbroken. Altogether a more novel and interesting entertainment could not be desired. Professor Davis will appear again this evening with a fresh programme, and those who are imbued with a love for the mysterious shonld not miss the" opportunity, as to-night is his last appearance, and the bookings are already numerous. In reference to the letter which appeared in yesterday's issue of the MrNER asking certain questions regarding the recent race meeting. Councillor Levinson, one of the secretaries, has informed us that no notice will be taken of the letter until the writer's name is made public. By reference to our advertising columns, the public will notice that the W.A. Fresh Food. Ice and Cold Storage Company have decided to close their shop in Bayley-street. They find this step necessary, particularly during the hot season, so as to ensure delivery of produce in the best condition without unnecessary handling. The shipment just received ex s.s. Marloo consists of a prime assortment of beef, mutton, lamb, pork, poultry (all sorts), English irout, flounders, whitebait, New Zealand cod, &c.;, rabbits, butter, and eggs, all of which can now be obtained at the shop in Sylvester-street. Delivery carts will call on customers for orders daily. W. L Cosgrove and Co. (by their auctioneer Mr. John Macnamara,) will hold a very important sale this day at their mart. The catalogue is a very long one, and consequently the sale will commence sharp at 10.15 o'clock, and continue through luncheon hour. The sale being a tota ly undeserved one, the attendance of buyers no doubt will be very large. Up to a very late hour last evening the firm's employees were busy getting all lots in order so as to allow buyers every opportunity of inspecting prior to pur- 