A WILD HIDE. / What yon nnv is quite tine, sir. thntr. mnn Oughtn't to bo fr»|»lt( itcil at anything ; but do. . fyuiuknow, Fvo-got to I hink-Tliat-tliivbruvest mum of nil is the cno th it :.s rmhttuud nud don't fabow, it.-.; You. «.cn tin r«i nin t mdhy'meD itbut are what you'd r ill 44 bi »vu nil round." | I've soon n fellow Hint would tin vojruii any> mnn 'through u.«> noon . nsi he/looked at him, almost jump out of bis skin when be trod.upod nlitlle bitoi a sunkn ' V | ; 'Xburu's inysc-H, for instance. ' I'm aaoldiorf ond itu old ono, i too. Fvo got the Kandahar nicdnl, as you sec; and ono or two. other things' us Mvoll r nmf l tlunlc l.njny say.i w«thoilt'br<g' ging/that Fm not moro mvuu to. bo reared Ikuif. ". . other folks. .. , .-,1; )<» <<? ) JWell, I rnjstjf otico got iis fcn:! a/fright ns over nnv. tni«u got yet, mul what's' more, :itj hsppemd not - ten tulcs. from where wu'rq tanning now, tmd not morc'irsix months ago. |Iow wan. that ? soys your- Well/ that's just inlinl IiUMi'going to tell you.. - ; 'i p Our. old'coloneli— I .won't speak ill 'of tbo'pbot" old chap, lor. bo died only. t'other day— hiit'tip- juns one that you d got to be precious careful .with, I em led you. Whatever. ho had -to-do. he'd have it done his own way, or he'd send iver thing-flying; and. hko a good many'officom, who've boon a long tunc out here, hed got sot used to orderirg the Hack follows about, that at last be got to do it with nil that came near > 'him," black or white. ' Col. Medley Iris nimo was, but, from lus slap-dash wuv, vre used to cull lnm-D . Col.. Headlong.'.'; i >'- 1 hv Well, sir, you've hem up the Bolan.Fiisg, so of rouisu you know that little branch Hue that jthey're making ffon. Sibi to Fir Chowki,at tbo jtuouth of the pass, to help carry stores arid troops - up - trad down. Yes, to be liuro, 1 .remember, jou were saying that' you'd been at Jthoopening.or «'bndg«on'it jiifct tfie otliir'doy/ />' It'cll, Ixlore that bridgo waR'.buill, tbcro was- . & sort of make-shift: across tbo obnnaid of the: jriver ; and nafor tbo hue itself, though it wasn't insularly 14 opemcil " (and isn't yet, for that nnntter) it coulu:carry & traiu at a pinch, all the. .eighteen miles whenever there wore a. few com panics of Soldiers or a few wnggoinlouds.of stores that wanted, to be sont alonginn hurry! j.' Now it; happened by bad luck that wbrn' we' camodowu from Qnctin. four mouths ago,, with thp.old colonel/at our head,, the engine /driver- .on this 1'ir Obowki Jin'e was a. Frenchman, whore name was l'cl er Troucbet. 'v.p , ' i lie whs4 qu'te (is high-bund'edn followja, his, w'ay ris bur colonel himself, arid'whbri ho did get in u tantrum, enrt topes wouldn't holii him.' |Tliuy ray he'd lost. his' last berth all along of wnntimr Tu.ficht a duel with the suncrinten- di nt : . but don't know bow that ; would have bran, though ita just the sort of thing bo would do, ton/ / Wfcll, of courso, wo all knew, though, wo little 'dreamed what was (o come of it,' that when two'such peppery ones as Die colonel and this 'Frenchman met there Was hound 'to be n! pretty, good. -.row, and so it turned out/sure enough.; When wu got down to the'.milwny at 1'ir Cliowki, where a special train was waiting to take us on /to Sibi,, the old colonel, was ns crura cs two slicks. . t He'd bad a good, sharp twinge of gout, for ono tiling, and riding over tbnt great plain frcm- tl.o mouth of'tbo Pass to Fir Cliowki didn't! sweeten his temper much, splashing through livers and stumbling among big'stonus' every minute, r Then, again; tbo engiuc-drivor bad .been out in the sun all uioining, arid yoil ' know, how .snappish. that- makes a man hero. fc'o, when Col. Medley came bolJoring and, bully 3ng along uud commenced to rough bim up, tlio Frenchman fuccd Shout and answered bim back qtiilo saucily. ' You 'should just have scrn the old colonci'i! focr. . It.' turned as rctUas bis coat, and for a minute tl almost thought huVI got Into'a (It. .Then bo jumped Torwnrd andbook bis list in the V,ri;iiehmanfs eyes and ronrnd out.: . ; Hold your tongue, you impudent dog, or I'll put you lindor nrrost! Go to your work, will you? And puu'd, no nonsense uliout couplitigH being )oo:m and wheels shaky ss an excuse for Rtbpptng bftlf way. If 'you halt so muirh <'Hs.,baif . a second -bi.tiveeii (bis arid JSfDi' I'll broak overy bouo in your dirty Frencb akin !".. : t : - > 1 was , slauding close .to tbo colonel «as be spoke, nud 1 saw Ibo Frenchman's face . harden all nt once, like melted leod wtcn you throw. it, into cold water. Then lie said, very .quietly, but just as if be wis biting eveiy wcril short off ' Veieu g6bd,'Moiiisieur le Coloucr, you'sball' bo s.ilisfied ! " . Aiid::awuv he wont- to his engine' witlioul another, word. But there was the wickedest- look iii bis eye that I oversaw yet, and it made me fctl qu. ur just..fur ttuomcnt, altbotigb 1 liafln't a ghost of an idea (as indeed how'sboubl 1 ?) what be was really up tor : "NVoIlr./rii, we all got nud, begun do make our .(vdvc-f.j.uugt (oxpcctiug to bc ucarly.a couple ol .hour? uii' the road, for it.wasover.eigbtcep mile, .to' Hill,' o'iidltbe lino lining only a makeshift jouc thni, llu.-rn wns a iootlcC 'up forbidding aiiy driver to ruh'bis train uioro tbaii tcn':niiles aii hour.i'/J.'lio train bucked abit to get a fair sfart) eml away Ve went. ui . , : ; J dop'tAbiiik nity of us noticed; anything ut of tholwp'iHdn't. atuny rate— for. tb.o first niinute or two hilt, allst ouco ny rearrauli uiPM.-llnb lJurtop; sings out : 4 'MVell; if this" aui't inoru'n ten miles an hour;' I'm a iliftcUuifin !;' ,j ; Jlo'd lufrdly spoken when . the train g&vd; a lurch tbutrshook us all together like epples in a bng, uud then another toward- the other eide, and I ben— talk of, fling! Fling was nothing, tc it — 't-us more ,likc beiig fired out of a gun. The very air summed, to whiz pastas, and all at once wcrli'eard the' Colonel yeU'out from bis window: ': 44 tSlucken speed,!you" rascal I Do you want to kill us all ?" - - - Tbo J'ri-itcbmau arTswprCd only with a horrid, scieaiiiiiig lutigb 'nud 110W we began .to get sc;iroiluTn! earnest,' for wo took iu lhewhole thing4 for tie ihst time! There we were, run;, niug more. than a niilo a juiuuto' over nn. unsafe lice, wilii til) our lives at the mercy of a man who was m-u fy a mad as lie could be.1 'J hu-Iirst iVitlgc Avas already iusight,- and tbo fellows working on, it scattered every way wbeo they saw. us coming, screeching Jiko anything. J Ix-ard Die hi jjgc , crack ;is we flew over it, and felt it giyu ; null liow we over escaped I can't iiiinlc > , 44 F' cued Bob Barton, springing up, 44 1 won't flit still and let that lubber uuirih-r us all, \n»\UtU ovuurn iicw.» lkro goes'." \ ' lle'nmdipr tlio door as he spoke, «ud would huvo bciii cut upuu tbo footboard in another moment, when wo clutched bim and droggod I him buck ; . tor w ith (he pice we were goiug, and tile w:iy the train racked, it would have been cerium death to try it. Ovijr the sr.coml biidgu we shot like lightning nnd went fixing round tbv last curvu towards blbl. . Just then I haw somotbing that brought my beurt into my month— a stone lying on the liuu ahead of us, big enough to wreck the whole tram Tlion'l tboiigbt a\l was over. I jut muttered 41 Clod bavb liieroy on us !" und shut my i-yes. But I opened 'oin again next moment juat ir liisio to sou the stono (lipped over, I fancy, by thu Hb'tking of the rails, which were rather looHuiat the spot) roll oif just ss wo came up ta v'it. : .-ye - Fruiciitly, aftor that (whether it was a in 1 mile or an hour after, 1 could never toll) J caught a gliiuse of a plutforni covered witL people shouting and running about ; and then wo begun to slacken speed, und at last utopped altogether. f Tbon I drow as long a breath as if I'd jusl icomo up from thu bottom of U10 «»a We'd iuo half g miJe p»#Ubo Sibi ststuoi hoforo we could pull up, nud U»-ard afterward that we did tho 'eighteen miloK tu ten minutes. Wbeu tbo colonel got rut it made ma fairly intart to loofc at him, llo tottered so he could yAj-dlyjloifj, ami his fuco was ull druwu and pitched like the face of s corpse, I don't think it wn.s altogether his own'dnngcr that upset him so (allbougli I'm suro it well might), hut tlio' thought that one hasty Word of bis hnd nearly cost tbo livis of aU.the.rucn tinder, bis t;cbnrgo. was enough to give any man s turn. ; As for\3In«tfr Frenchinnn,' he got; offfhnil bolted tbn minuto tbc trnin stoppoil. It was lucky for bim be did, for lie wouldn't bnvo been very safe among us justDhon.; and tbo colt pel, bn.coming to himself a bit, vowed to bang bim if.it cost bim ten tbousatid( rupees. . ' | 'But it' couldn't be proved I hst he meant to upset the' train (ns I.dou't suppose he Did, judeed), so that all' they could do wns to givo hirn two mouths' impri«oumont for exceeding ibo fixed rate of speed. .> But'of coursr, bo.batf to rlearo, tbccountry, snd. l-wasrptrSorryifor one ; for, rather than be on tbo .train. with bim again, I'd tramp ail the way from hero to' Cab cuttn. " 