" : : w. EVERYBODYS COLUMN: " Ada Cambridge," who recently pub lished " A Humble Enterprise," i< in private life Mis. Cross, the wife of an Australian clergyman. J'iie Duke and Duchess of York will probably gn on a voyage to Australia in the »utnni:>, and it is understood that H. M. S. Terrible will be placed at their disposal. Cause and EBect.— From the French : — Tlie Advocate : " I wish, Monsieur le PrdsMent, to call two witnesses who havs riot been subpeenaed." The President : " Are you satisfied they will help us to arrive at riio truth ?" The Advocate: "Quite satisfied. I have not iiad time to communicate with them." Mr. Whistler was standing bare-headed in a London hatter's one day, wlien a fop mistaking him for a salesman, walked up to lliin and said. c ' flpmmn r.hi« hat dnn'fc fir. ' Whistler surveyed the youth in silence a moment, au-1 then remarked, 'Deninie, no nor your coat either." A correspondent sends us the. following ben trovato story from the neighbourhood of Ban Nevis: — "A shrewish old body tried to lead h<-r husband from the dram shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten J- lin <>n his way home. 'Who ara you?' asked John, as the apparition rosu before him from behind a bush. ' I am Auld Nick 1" was the truthful reply. 'Are you really ?' exclaimed the old reprobate, with much satisfaction, and not a trace of terror ; 'mon, come awa' ; gi'e's a shake o' yonr hand. I'm raarrit tac a sister o' yours ! 1 ' On Saturday we referred at great length to the new memoir of Lord Bowen, which it is so difficult to obtain. One story there alluded to is too good to be lost. Chancery lawyers are very api, fauta dc mieux, to bid the Court of Appeal "search for the equity." In reply to such aii invit, aton Bowen once said, " Are you not asking us, Mr. , to perform an opera- tion similar io inar, or a ruiuci man looicmg m a dark room for a hlaclc hat which is not there 1 " Liverpool has new followed the praise- >voi thy example of some other large towns, and c»n boast its crematorium. London took the lead, then came Manchester, next Glasgow, and it is to be hoped that other populous centre may soon see it to bo to i heir ad vantage to afford facilities for the incineration of their dead. It cannot he said that the movement iu favour of cremation has progressed by leaps and bounds. List yea ihere were only 220 bodies so dispos d of. Still, the increase has been steady, for daring 18S5, die first year that' the crematorium at Working was used, there were only three, although now the annual croinitions have to be c-mnted by the score. Prejudice in a matter of tiiiskiud (lies hard, but thought ful people a "u more an! more coming to the conclusion that the cremaiioiiists are on the right track, and we may look for a continuous accession to their ranks. "Gurus for consumption" are apt to leave the bacillus thriving while they UUUGf IU1IIU buu UliUIUl llblUUIl HI UOD patient, but the latest — the application of t!i-> Ro'.itgen nys— has at least the merit >>f being harmless, if it is not efficacious. A Mr. St-ittner writing to tlie Standard 'his in- wiiing, c lied attontion, among other things, to some experiments by a Dr. Lo itet, of Lyons : — Dr. Lnatet, Dean of the Faculty of Medicine of Lyons, inoculated six guinea- pigs with tubercular poison. Throu of iliese, ivhich were exp >sed to the eff-ct of Rontgen'srays, remained perfectly heal hy, while the o her three not subjected to these rays rapidly develop- ul signs of phthisis and died . He draws the conclu sion that the bacillus of consumption — which to the sorrow of our race, thrives enormously in the dark — is greatly distur bed and even killed by these invisible rays, which penetrate through a wall as easily as through the thorax. Rnnlgeu ray baihsaro likely to become a popular remedy, for other physicians suggest that they are also good for eczama. We like tlie flavour of a " deaf" story which is reported in a country paper. Utie uay ivo men, one ui wnoui was very deaf, were walking by the railway. Suddenly an express train rushed by, and as it passed the engine emit'ed a shriek that seemed to rend the very skv. The hearing man's ears were well-nigh split, lint the deaf man si ruck an ecstatic atti tude. Then taming to liis suffering friend he said witli a pleased smile, "That's the first robin I've heard thin spring." A Philadelphia contemporary describes the latest freak of fashion in the City of Brotherly Love. "The younger society men" keep a note- book in which thev paste the signature and last line of each letter received from a lady friend. When tlicy meet they compare notes, and tlio exquisite with the fewest signatures in his book has to pay fov drinks. The sys tem sesmsquite as iiifc-llectua! as "Tommy Do Id," or "Odd man nut," but it is scarce ly perhaps, in such good last--. In an article on mushrooms which anpearod in " The Globe " last week, it was said that most people preferred to test the edibility of strange fungi vie -.rious- ly. A late medical man m Franco was, how ever, of a contra- y opinion. Hearing t lint certain customers of a restaurant were suffering illness after eating mushrooms there, lie boasted that he himself never had and never could make a mistake when pi.-king them ; and to prove it l.e went to the field whence the poisonous fungi came, picked. a area: number, and ate tlicin. It turned out that he could make a mistako very easily. Many queer thing happen in hotels nowadays, quite as queer as those which happened in the davs of Mr. Pickwick. And doubtless the experience of a c-rtain young married lady who lives at. Clifton is not unprecedented. She had been visit ing friends in the North ; and, as she had decided to come back by way of London and do a little shopping, her husband 'bought he would run up and meat her. Their trains were timed to arrive at diff erent stations at about the same hour, so they arranged to meet at a certain hotel not a hundred miles from Charing Cross. Now it happens that railway travelling always givts the husband a severe head- ache ; so, arriving at the hotel wish his head splitting, and finding that liiadanie had not yet arrived, he ordered a room, and said he would go to bed at once. It appened that at the same time there ar rived a certain commercial traveller who had been travelling all night from Berlin, and who also was anxious to retire for the night. The Clifton man left orders that his wife was to be shown to his room on her arriv»l, and the two men were conducted nps'airs by the same chambermaid. In a quarter of an hour they were both snugly tucked up in the bedclothes. Then the wife arrived, and was told that her hus band awaited Iicr in the nuptial chamber, with a bad headache. She, too, went up stairs, conducted by the chambermaid. It was here the inis'.ake arose. For the maid had confused th» t >-o men. The lady entered the room quietly, and seeing, as she thought, her husband wrapped up in the bedclothes, began to undress. We are not quite clear as to liow far she had proceeded ; but we understand it was the fall of one of her boots upon the flo-what causeu a ueau — wuiuii was not- mac or ner husband — to pop out of tlie bedclothes, and a cry of surprise to startle her. The lady kept her presence of mind, and, has tily readjusting certain things that well required readjustment, protested that the stranger had got into the wrong room, and that he must leave at once. The commer cial traveller said he was very sorry indeed, »nd that lie would leave the room if the lady would first retire for a few moments — for reasons that she would be first to. comprehend. The lady hurriedly re-ar ranged her toilet-, went out, and summoned the chambermaid, who quickly rectified llm midfftli'p. Sn. rnnlKr 1 ova . nm » .< « harm dono. 