hdruib. LOOKS, BOLTS, AND BARS. ' Convicts often have strange whims and fancies,' said the warder to a special Com missioner during one of their conversations, and a reflective light came into the offioer's eyes as he thought of some of the men he bad had to deal with in the days when he was in harness. A questioning, 'For instance P' set him going, and he mentioned the ease of a foreigner who was serving a sentenoe of ten years for 'throwing a corrosive fluid with intent,' as the prison documents in their usual roundabout way, describe vitrol throw ing. This man was from Bulgaria, and, although he prided himself on being able to speak half a dozen languages, one of which was English, he could barely make himself understood when he tackled Saxon. He was a great talker, and, as is well known, one of the striotest rules in our prisons forbids con- viots addressing any conversation to one an other. The Bulgarian, however, would talk, and this predileotion of his often brought trouble not only upon himself, but also upon the prisoners to whom he spoke. The worst of the matter was that, owing to his inabil ity to speak English even passably, he was, perforce, driven to use signs as well as verbal utterances ; and these, together with his load voice, always attracted attention. The silent system is such that no convict, un less be be the most surly or broken-spirited individual, can resist the opportunity to use his tongue. Probably, knowing the rules, he will not risk getting himself into trouble until he is spoken to, but when he Bpeaks ho does so with his head down so that tbe warder may not see his hps moving and tries to impress the official spectators with the Wonderful Amount of Caee and attention he is devoting to his work. On the other hand the Bulgarian would drop his work, talk loudly, and at once draw the attention of the guard to him. A sharp order to stop would be obeyed for a little while only, and then he would break out again. Thus he was constantly before tbe governor, and the punishment for the offence was meted out to bim. After be had undergone several doses of punishment be began to think that all the officials were down on him. This he shortly beoame convinced of, and he got an idea into his head that everyone, from the newest guard up to the governor, was in league against him, and was being bribed to kill him. He was not insane, hut nothing oonld shake this belief. One day he was taken ill, and had to he removed to the hos pital for attendance. Here, of course, his food was much better than when he waB a working convict, hut he would have none of the good things. Like the Sultan, he was in constant fear of being poisoned by the officials, and as he bad not a retinue of ser vants to act as tasters and sealers of the var ious dit-hes, he decided to go without the food. Strangely enough, however, he would eat the ordinary prison fare with great gusto, but whenever anything better was brought to him his suspicions were aroused, and he refused the nourishing food. Even after he finished his time and was let out on ' ticket - of-leave ' he kept to the same story, and to many people be averred that the prison officials tried' to poison him on many occasions. Another prisoner, a big, burly fellow, struck quite another line of conduct. He waB very fleshy when he entered the prison, but being 1 able-bodied he was put upon hard labour. Now, the treadmill is a fine thing to train on, if one oan look at it in that light, but it is the hardest of hard work when you have to walk it the whole day with rare intervals for rest. It does one thing, however. A con vict who is too beefy begins to loso his super - abnndanoe of fat, and this was the case with the oonviot under notice. He began to lose flesh rapidly, but his inuBcles beoame firmer, and he looked the picture of health. His food also was never sufficient for him, but this is not an unusual thing in prison. So he complained that His Health was Breaking Down, and was, of course, examined by the prison doctors. They could find nothing wrong with him, and as a matter of fact, thought his condition had improved during "the time he had been in the prison. ' The convict, how ever, was not malingering. He really thought he was rapidly dwindling away, and nothing could convince him to the contrary. He did his work well, but invariably made his complaint, which eventually became a standing joke in the prison. Eventually, as he was well behaved, he was taken off his usual tasks and given one of the much-coveted positions in the bakery. Here he could oc casionally sneak an extra supply of bread, managing to satisfy his hunger. He was watched for some time by one of the warders, and it was found that on days when he had been unable to get any extra food he made his complaint, hut on the other days he ap peared to be satisfied with his lot. It is in teresting to know that when this man fin ished his term, on of three years, he Battled down to work at his trade at a place where he was unknown, and eventually beoame a respectable member of the community. His experience in penal servitude had taught him a never-to-be-forgotten lesson, and up to the present he has Bteered clear of both the police and the gang of lawbreakers with whom he had associated. A prison, one would think would be quite free from jokes, and convicts would not be suspected of play ing them. Tet they often do, and although in any other place the jokes would not raise the ghost of a smile, in gaol they serve to break the eternal monotony, if only for a very short time. When a convict is before the camera he almost invariably extraots plenty of amusement for himself out of the process of having his pictnre taken. It is the rale in prison that as soon as a man enters he is photographed, and examined for marks. A new hand submits at once, and, thinks no more about it. And old ' lag,' however, knows the value of these photo graphs to the police, and he will contort his face up into all sorts of comic grimaces. Some of the pictures turned out are really most laughable. Then, also, a man will Invent Some Masks and tatooing for himself. These he will put upon his chest and arms with a piece of char coal or something of that sort. When he strips for examination it is more than pro bable that these marks will pass muster, and a correct description, together with a draw ing, will be taken of them. Then the wily convict washes the marks off, and when he again gets into the hands of the police and is suspected of being 'John Brown,' who bears certain marks on the body he can prove by the absence of the marks that he is not. In the exercise grounds the convict fre quently plays a game on the guards. The conviots walk in oircleB a couple of yards apart, and proceed, as a general rale, with tne steady left-right, left- right movement of disciplined troops. Sometimes, however, they will break by oommon consent or on a pre-arranged plan into a different movement, like a pack of schoolboys, their steps keeping time with some well-known air. In one prison a set of convicts were very fond of walking in slow time of the ' Dead March,' although they never gave the officials a sign that it was pre- arranged. Another great joke with them is to ring their bells at any certain time. In the particular prison where this was workid the striking of a church clock could be heard and soon after ' lights out' had sounded ou the bell' the convicts in one corridor, timing themselves by the church clock, would make things lively for the night guard by ringing for him one after the other, perhaps keeping him on the jump for an hour or more. The great idea is to make a big noise simultaneously, and a favourite method is at a given signal to raise the plank bed and drop it into position with a loud clatter. Of course these things occur only on rare occasions, and are quite harm less in their way. A pavement artist: who wbb onoe locked up gave his fellow-prisoners a capital treat until he was found out. He was put to cleaning the corridor, and in thiB particular gaol floor for about 9in. or so from the wall was coated with whiting. This the artist had to do, and being rather smart he, whenever official eyes were not in his direc tion, drew various comic figures in the wet whiting with his fingers. Most of these figures depicted warders or convicts in var ious amusing attitudes, and gave the pris oners passing along the corridor plenty of laughter. He was found out, however, and stopped, bat there was no doubt but that his little ' goak ' had materially lightened the load of the unfortunate prisoners and even that of the warders. 