? (From cur own Correspondent.) \- For swagger and side, the lettece<>f correspondents to the Sydney dailies upon federation, just now take the cake The otber Colonies are _ freely described by these short sighted Sydney patriots 8S ' comparative mushrooms' and 'im peconouscripples' and soon, which for New Soath Wales tj associate herself with, will be an act of tbe utmost self abnegati m and condescension. The fol-. lowing Ht of blather is a speciman of how prominent politicians of other Colonies are being insuittd in this correspondence by men who ocght to have more sense :—Taking them at their worst,' says one gentleman, * we know that to eompare onr responsible Ministers with the type of percons who have mostly bourne rule in some other Australian Colonies, any time this dozcp years, would do to subject them to gratnitons and onderserved insult. These people' are paving, the way gradually for federation.' Compare for instance the United, States On regard to wealth and natural advantages. who will say that the wealthiest of them is not the better off by being an integral, part of that great federation. Dispeasion, antagoncajb'c tariffs, and commercial rivalry,- hayo. beeu th« bane of the ooloniss, and to secure union Sydney, may rarely be expected to make some little-present sacrifice for the sake of the larger good which through federation most come to all. One wonld take less notice of this correspondence, if it were not so evident, being backed ap by the Sydney press. S'nce depression hit Melbourne so hardly, Sydney men have beep riding t^e highest of high horses, and the truth might as well be told as not, the Federaiors of Sydney don't want federation, they consider themselves so well off with their harbotfr, and their present domination of the colony, that they can see nothing to gain and little to wish for, and with the metropolis of the mother colony in this temper, and the certainty, that at the convention this colony will be represented solely by Sydney men, (for the country has not tbe ghost of a chance of putting in a provincial Candida*e), there is to my mind very little prospect of any workable scheme of anion being arrived at. It will end in a fizzle, unless the colonies allow New South Wales, or rather Sydney, to come in on her own terms. * * * Reid tries to escape a portion by proposing that the Federal Capital should be movable from one colony to another, but as tbe Sydney Telegrnpk puts it * there is no necessity to dfeipt violently with the scheme, it b» «Af^ly (posted to die a natural deatfc.* ^oMfkllft one knows this better than Mr Reid himself, but on the whole the Premiet's manifesto is omprehensive and able. Its cauticus and non-commital chaiacter is what might, under the circumstances, hsye been expected, for in Mr Reid we have never had anything approaching enthusiasm in the federal cause. It seems to me that while tbe o >mmon sentiment of Australian nationality is so weak, and the absolute need for union felt to be so slight, the warmth and enthusiasm which woald fnsa p% into ope Eisopje ranxwtVexiig^ biesi thing and the right thtjij^'.ppt if ii is to be inaugurated by the men who now seem to have it in hand, it wUl not count fp* narucb in the general advancement of- Australia. It would be a marriage without love, and the evil df that is nnfortrnately a matter of daily experience. If tbe people of the oologies have QQ broad patrtowi! love for each other as Australian?, they hag better remain apart. * • « The holiday on Thursday fine except for a sharp thunder storm in the afternoon which caused every one to rqg for shelter, bat it cooled the sir, for tlg$ day had pr«ytou8lybeea olose and muggy. The principle eyent waa supposed toJMS the regatta, but both the rsc?a aod pricket ground wgr* wall patrpnise^, latter especially fpr wheq the tide turned for New South Wales at the oomenenoement of the seeonfl innings, Sydney ti^rned opt in force Is see fhf show ; and there waq no doubt, some playing WftU worth seeing, fpr Sid Gregpry and dale and Ddnpan thprougblj retriey^ their ill luck of the previous innings and ^myed play, |od pajres fV^fe only on the ^qpn^L Jiqt in Market Sc. too, wbere the Evening Nevd§ has erected a great s?pnng board which shows the runs as they are made; the overs, and everything else pretty well, as though the spectator was jgp'aally on the ground. The telephone ig the means of commnnication which pjjr tVf» WJ }? cpmipg mor$ f^d more to the front in !|eferopplif. There int^st faft gftting on far 3,000 telephones in use in S;d||f| & spbarbs, and t^ey 'fb| H»n| 93 fast as the instrqmgnt^ can be obtained fro{n Europe. Urderf some handreids deep how await execu'ion, and ndmbers of people have the wire affixed but only to tantalize the^i, for the instrument is not forthcoming. One wonders nQ.w however business was con ducted prior to the in'iodnction of tbis most useful invention. 