AUSTRALIA'S FIRST NATIVE- BORN BISHOP. \---------***-------------- CONSECRATION OF DR. DWYER. THE CARDINAL'S RECEPTION AT MAITLAND. (From: Our Special Reporter.) When it was announced that the Cardinal- Archbishop would leave Sydney on Friday last to be present at the Consecration on Pentecost Sunday of the Right Rev. Dr. Patrick Vincent Dwyer as Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland, the event was regarded, not merely by the Catholic population of the Diocese of Maitland, but by all Australia, as one unique in our Church annals. The Catholic Church in these lands had during the century of its existence given many evidences of its vitality. We had had young levites of native birth consecrated to the service of the altar many a time and oft during those hundred years. The first of these— the Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, O.S.B., now in Tasmania— will on June 16 of next year attain the golden jubilee of his ordination. We had had a considerable number of Australasian priests raised from missionary duty to episcopal dignity, including Archbishop O'Reily of Adelaide, Archbishop Dunne of Brisbane, Bishop Lanigan of Goulburn Bishop Byrne of Bathurst, Bishop Dunne of Wilcannia, Bishop Doyle of Grafton, Bishop Cani of Rockhampton, Bishop Hutchinson of Cooktown, Bishop Gibney of Perth W A. Bishop Moore of Ballarat, Victoria, Bishop Corbett of Sale, Victoria, Bishop Reville of Sandhurst, Bishop Gallagher, the Coadjutor of Goulburn, Bishop Delany, the Coadjutor of Hobart, and Bishop Lenihan of Auckland, N.Z. But none of these prelates were born in the colonies. To Dr. Dwyer was granted the great distinction of being the very first Australian raised to the purple. And to Maitland and district it was recognized that a distinction no less great had been vouchsafed. The decision of the Holy See had given the venerable Bishop of Maitland one of the dearest wishes of his heart, and approved of a nomination which more than a year ago was hailed with gladness not only in the Diocese of Maitland, but throughout Australia. In the Catholic Church the word ' popular ' is rarely used in connection with Episcopal appointments, but in this case we hope to be pardoned if we say that the Holy See's selection of the President of the Sacred Heart College as Bishop Murray's Coadjutor was in every sense a popular one. To young Australians it was in a special way most gratifying to see one of their own, one of whom they had reason to be proud, raised to the office of Bishop. Just as it should be, the day selected by the Cardinal upon which to start for Maitland was one of those gloriously sunny days, after a period of rain, which somehow correspond with the duty in hand. All along the line there was a suggestion of a second spring in the physical order which in this case fitted in pleasantly with one's idea the new era about to be inaugurated in the religious history of the country. All along the line, too, wherever a stopping- place marked the centre of a Catholic community of whatever size, smiling faces greeted the approach of the train bearing his Eminence and party. At Newcastle Father O' Gorman had made arrangements to entertain the Cardinal and his fellow-travellers— Bishop Byrne of Bathurst, Bishop Doyle of Grafton, and the Rev. J. J. Byrne, P.P. of Wollongong— at luncheon ; and the party had to make their way through a crowd of eager citizens who had taken possession of the station at Coalopolis. At East Maitland quite a demonstration of welcome was en evidence in the shape of a large company of school children, with bannerets and lusty lungs, which were vigorously used as the preciously - freighted compartment drew up. But to West Maitland was reserved the honour of worthily welcoming the distinguished visitors. Although the afternoon was that of the weekly half-holiday, which meant the closing of business establishments, a brave display of Catholic loyalty was not to be prevented for such small reasons, Elaborate arrangement had been made for the reception, the carrying out of which had been entrusted to Messrs. M. P. Maher, H. A. O'Connor, R. Dilley, and J. Walsh, who proved capable generals. THE CARDINAL'S RECEPTION. When the train arrived, the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale ; Dr. Hand, Vicar- General; Father Corcoran, P.P., of Morpeth ; Messrs. M. Hickey and Thos. Bourke, Warden and trustee respectively of the Morpeth A.H.C. Guild ; Messrs. J. Walsh and M. P. Maher, Warden and trustee respectively of the West Maitland A.H.C. Guild; Mr. H. A. O'Connor and Sub- Inspector Fowler, of the West Maitland police, Dr. Power, and others were on the railway platform in waiting. The Cardinal was accompanied by Bishops Murray (Maitland) and Byrne (Bathurst), Dr. Dwyer, Fathers O'Leary (East Maitland), A. Horan (Ipswich, Queensland), and Byrne (Wollongong), acting- chaplain to the Cardinal. After a slight halt, Cardinal Moran and Bishops Murray and Byrne entered a carriage. Bishop Torreggiani, the Bishop-Elect, and Fathers O'Leary and Horan took seats in a drag, and Dr. Hand and Father M'Cormick stepped into an open buggy. The procession moved forward in the following order to the strains of the East Maitland Band .-—Mounted police- troopers, members of the West Maitland, East Maitland, and Morpeth A.H.C. Guilds in regalia, the Holy Family of West Maitland, the Sacred Heart Collegians, with Father C. M'Auliffe, the prelates, upwards of 50 vehicles, and a number of horsemen. The course was by way of Church, High, and Charles streets to St. John's Cathedral. The pavements were lined with spectators, and children of the Catholic schools were drawn up on the footpath from the cathedral to High-street. Many of the shops en route, notably Riley Brothers' establishment, were nicely decorated in honour of the occasion. The prelates alighted at the palace, and entered the building. The spectators then made their way into the cathedral. Within a few minutes the prelates entered the sacred building, allowed by the clergy and the members of the Guild, their entrance being marked by the bursting forth of the 'Ecce Sacerdos Magnus' from the organ, under the capable hands of Miss Duffy. That the building was packed goes without saying, but the utmost order prevailed. When the prelates were seated in the sanctuary the presentation was set about, for by this time ' the shades of night were falling fast.' ADDRESS TO THE CARDINAL. Mr. Michael Murray, J.P., in presenting the address to the Cardinal- Archbishop, said ; — May it please your Eminence, — Shortly after the official documents arrived from Rome, announcing authoritatively the appointment of Dr. Dwyer as Bishop of Zoara and Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland, when it became known that your Eminence graciously consented to act as Consecrating prelate, the Catholic laity of Maitland held a public meeting, at which it was resolved to present Dr. Dwyer with an address and testimonial, and your Eminence and the visiting prelates with an address of welcome. The committee appointed at the meeting to make all arrangements for carrying out the resolutions have done me the honour, however unworthy I am of it, of reading and presenting the address to your Eminence and their Lordships, and I have now very much pleasure in doing so, and in wishing your Eminence and your brother bishops many happy years. The address was as follows : — ' May it please your Eminence, — We, the Catholic laity of Maitland, rejoice at the opportunity afforded us on this important occasion of wishing your Eminence and accompanying brother prelates a most cordial welcome. That so many illustrious dignitaries of the Australian Hierarchy should come — several from distant Sees — to give solemnity and eclat to the Consecration of the first of Australia's sons raised to the dignity of the Episcopate, cannot but be regarded as a marked honour conferred, not only on the distinguished ecclesiastic who has been called to wear the mitre, but likewise on the clergy and laity of this Diocese. Your Eminence's Silver Jubilee, the twenty-fifth anniversary of your Episcopacy, has just been celebrated with demonstrations of joy and gladness by your faithful and devoted people of the Archdiocese of Sydney. Will your Eminence be pleased to accept our warmest congratulations also, with the expression of our earnest hope that a golden jubilee may crown your fruitful labours ? Your Episcopal rule in this Southern land has been signalized by notable achievements in the cause of religion and education. We recognize and appreciate the eminent services you have rendered to the Catholic Church, your watchfulness in defence of her rights against prejudice and calumny, your patriotism, and your able championship of religious and historic truth. Associated with your Eminence as ruler of the Australian Church is an illustrious brotherhood of prelates, whose labours are characterized by unfailing energy and missionary ardour which shrinks from no undertaking tending to promote the spread of religion. Catholic education, and that spirit of Christian enlightenment which is the foundation of all true liberty. With such vigilant sentinels on the 'Watch-towers of Israel,' we have no fear for the Church in this fair land, but rather every confidence that her sway will extend, and that she will be instrumental in no slight degree in bringing down upon this young country these blessings of true civilization, patriotism, prosperity, and peace.' Signed, on behalf of the laity, M. Murray.' His Eminence, who was attired in his Pontifical robes, made the following reply : — ' Gentlemen, members of the Committee, and other ladies and gentlemen here present, — It is for me a very pleasing duty to express how grateful I feel for the address which you have just read. It is not my first time to come amongst you. On some five or six occasions it has been my cherished privilege to pay a short visit to your venerable Bishop in this his Episcopal See. On each of these occasions I rejoiced to find myself associated in some religious ceremony with a body of clergy of whom any diocese in Christendom might be justly proud — zealous priests cordially united in heart and sentiment with their chief pastor, thoroughly intent on the work of the sacred ministry, dispensing to those around them the blessings of the Gospel of Peace, and by word and example guiding the flock of Christ in the path which leads to Heaven. And my joy on these occasions was enhanced in that I was in the midst of a people whose earnest piety and devotion to Holy Church, and manifold sacrifices in the cause of education and religion, have made the name of Maitland illustrious and renowned through out the whole Australian Church. It is particularly pleasant to me to come amongst you on the present solemn occasion, when I hope to confer the crown of the Episcopal dignity upon one who, during his whole priestly career, has faithfully laboured amongst you, on whom you have yourselves very justly lavished the tributes of your affection, and to whom indeed not you alone, but the whole Australian Church, conveys on the present occasion the expression of its veneration and esteem—one who, duly commissioned as he is by the Holy See, shall henceforth be a pillar of strength to sustain your venerable Bishop in his Apostolic labours, and whose whole energies will be devoted in union with him to promote all those works of religion, of education, and of charity that are so dear to your hearts. The Bishop now about to be consecrated will be the first scion of the Australian Church engrafted on the undying apostolate which the Redeemer bequeathed to His spiritual kingdom upon earth. He comes, however, from a venerable stock which in the Island of Saints, the old land of piety and faith, has borne abundant fruit. We are confident that he will render faithful service to the Divine Shepherd of souls. He will be associated in the closest bonds with the illustrious Bishop of this See, whose energy, thought, and every aspiration is for the welfare of the fold entrusted to him. The new prelate, emulating your Bishop's zeal, and directed by his vigilant watchfulness, will with patient love and unwearying solicitude scatter broadcast amongst you the blessings of religion ; his toil shall be repaid with a rich harvest, and you shall rejoice with him in seeing his mission happily crowned with the gladsome fruits of charity, concord, and peace. Your venerable Bishop, who for more than thirty years has so perseveringly and so successfully cultivated the missionary field amongst you, has merited that the Holy See would recompense his untiring Labours by granting to him the filial assistance and the enlightened aid of so vigorous a son. You have reason to be proud that your venerable Bishop is one of the few surviving pioneer Bishops who laid deep and broad and solid the foundations of Holy Church in this favoured land of Australia. No one can doubt that a grand and glorious future await the Australian Church, destined as it is to be a bright centre of Christian enlightenment and a spiritual pharos of heavenly truth and heavenly virtue for the whole of the vast eastern and southern world. In no Church of Christendom has the sacred seed of the Faith been sown amid greater difficulties or watered with more bitter tears than in the early days of this Australian land, yet nowhere is there greater freedom for the exercise of religion to-day ; nowhere is there brighter hope for the future of Holy Church, than throughout the length and breadth of this Australian continent, lit up as it is by the ever-bright, ever-illuminating symbol of the Southern Cross. But if Holy Church be thus free to-day to run her heavenward course in gladness, and to diffuse around her the blessings of God on His chosen children, if she be untrammelled in her Divine mission of mercy, and unburdened with the shackles which false friends or open foes would impose upon her — we owe this agreeable condition of things to the pioneers of religion amongst us — those men of spiritual enlightenment and far-seeing prudence, who in a spirit of devoted self-sacrifice and uncompromising earnestness fought the good fight and preserved the Faith, awaiting at the hands of the Eternal Shepherd their sole reward. Those pioneer Pastors will take their place in the privileged ranks of the Fathers of the Spiritual Israel, the men of renown of whom the Sacred Scripture speaks, whose eulogy is in all the churches — ' The people shall show forth their wisdom and the Church shall declare their praise.' — (Eccles. xliv, 15). I need not detain you by dwelling on these thoughts, familiar as they are to each one of you, which force themselves upon the mind to-day. Coming amongst you on this truly pleasant occasion I am most grateful for the hearty welcome which you have accorded to myself and my brother prelates, and once more I thank you very sincerely for the beautiful and affectionate address which you have been pleased to present.' Dr. Torreggiani approached the altar-rails and said he was indeed gratified to see such a beautiful demonstration as that which they had just witnessed. As a manifestation of Catholic faith it spoke volumes for the people of Maitland. He was extremely pleased to see how united the people were to their pastors, who were devoting their lives in order to secure their spiritual and temporal welfare, He rejoiced also to see that there was one at that ceremony whom he might liken to a sun around which so many brilliant satellites twined, getting light and lustre from him. He, of course, alluded to his Eminence Cardinal Moran, to whom he hoped the Lord would give health and strength to celebrate his golden jubilee and also his second golden jubilee. He again expressed his sincere sentiments of gratitude, wishing the people every joy and prosperity, and he hoped that such faith as they, the people of Maitland, had manifested that day would continue to the end of their lives, when God would reward them for both their faith and their good works, and for their affection and devotion to their Holy Mother Church. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, said that his dear old friend, Dr. Murray, had asked him to say a few words. A wish from Dr. Murray was a command to him. In coming to Maitland he seemed like coming home. It was just possible that in talking to the Maitland people he would feel inclined to keep them too long. He would therefore merely say that it was always a great pleasure for him to come to West Maitland, but he could say that he never came with greater pleasure than on the present occasion. He at first feared that his joy would be mingled with sorrow, but he was glad to see that Dr. Murray, who had been so long ill, was there in fairly good health, and he trusted he would be able to assist in the Consecration ceremonies. There would then be nothing to mar the occasion. There would be complete and undoubted joy amongst the people of the Diocese of Maitland, joy for the good old Bishop himself, who would be handing the work over to one who would hereafter use his crozier worthily in the great work in which he would be engaged. There was not only joy in the diocese at the approaching ceremony, but all over Australia, for it was an historical event of great importance. He endorsed Dr. Torreggiani's wish that his Eminence would reach his second golden jubilee, and he thanked the good people for the magnificent reception which had been given to Cardinal Moran, and he assured them he was thankful to be there to share in the joy they all felt. The Cardinal then pronounced his Pontifical blessing, and the proceedings terminated. THE COADJUTOR AND HIS NOMINATION. At the close of 1895 the venerable Bishop of Maitland, in a pastoral, thus addressed his people : — ' I avail myself of this opportunity to inform you that a few months ago I forwarded a letter to the Cardinal Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of the Propaganda requesting that the Holy Father would allow me the privilege of securing the services of a Coadjutor cum jure successionis. I am very happy to announce that the Holy Father has been pleased to accede to my request, and in a few days a meeting of the clergy who enjoy the privilege of recommending three names for presentation to the Holy See will be held in St. John's Cathedral, under the presidency of his Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney.' A meeting of the clergy of the Diocese of Maitland was held in St. John's Cathedral on Thursday, January 9, 1896, for the purpose of recommending priests for the office of Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. His Eminence Cardinal Moran presided, and amongst those present were : — The Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (private secretary to the Cardinal), the Very Rev. Dr. Hand, V.G. (Diocese of Maitland), the Very Rev. P. V. Dwyer (President of the Sacred Heart College, West Maitland), and the Very Rev. Fathers P. Meagher, P. T. Corcoran, T. A. Nealon, P. O'Leary, E. M'Grath, E. O'Neill, C.SS.R., F. Cleary, C.SS.R., T. Rogers, J. Foley, and several others. Previous to the meeting, Mass had been celebrated by Father Roche, and after Mass his Eminence addressed the congregation. His Eminence said they had assembled that day to invoke the blessing of Heaven upon their deliberations in selecting a Coadjutor for their beloved pastor. They had assembled with the most solemn intention, and yet in a special way it was one of the most joyous occasions. As a rule, when the clergy assembled to select some one to receive the pastoral staff of the Good Shepherd, it was when their leader had been taken away from them by death, and like the children of Israel on such occasions they wept. They lamented when a veteran leader of the people had gone, who had led them on to victory. But that day they had none of these sorrowing reminiscences. The clergy had assembled to choose one, not to succeed the departed, but to aid one who was with them — the veteran leader of an army, who after thirty years of spiritual leadership found he had not the strength to continue without help the great work which had been already achieved. The clergy had met to select one who would be a pillar of strength to him— one who, like Aaron of old, would hold up the arms of the leader of Israel, so that victory would attend the people of God. They had great reason to rejoice that their veteran pastor was still with them. Great things had been done during these thirty pears. Dr. Murray had presided over the Diocese of Maitland with such dignity and virtue, he had seen them growing like plants every day to the attainment of maturity, and now spreading their branches and yielding pleasant fruits. Religion, education, and charity in the diocese were bearing the fruits of his sacred care, and his spirit pervaded not only that diocese but through all the surrounding dioceses— a spirit of the blessings of religion and the blessings of virtue. The Australian Church had good reason to congratulate itself. It had great reason to rejoice that pastors and people were so thoroughly united. Whoever was selected that day must be the herald of Divine Truth, to comfort and strengthen the heart of all the children of Christ, and to carry on the work of saving souls. Whoever was chosen that day, they might rest assured, his mission of mercy would be given from Heaven — he should receive the staff of the Good Shepherd. They would be associated with Him in that ministry of mercy and Divine love. The clergy had come to invoke the spirit of God on their deliberations to choose a pillar of strength for their pastor to carry on his work in the true spirit of a martyr of the Lord. It would be comparatively easy work to this chosen Shepherd of the Lord to carry on the work which had been so auspiciously inaugurated by Dr. Murray. If he were asked what had been done in the Diocese of Maitland, he would point to the great works of education, to that great Dominican Convent with all its surrounding institutions in their midst, which were not the only monuments of his religion, piety, and zeal, but he had everywhere secured fountains of light and blessing for the spiritual welfare of the faithful, He could point to the Diocese of Maitland as an instance of the great things which might be achieved even with very little means, but with earnestness. He asked them to pray that the Coadjutor now to be chosen would follow in the footsteps of the first Bishop of Maitland. They were all interested in that great meeting of the clergy which would give them a youthful pastor. He would have to watch over their souls, and have to answer one day to God for the charge committed to him, but they hoped that for many years to come he would not have to bear the full burden of responsibility which now rested in their venerable pastor's hands. As a result of the council, Dr. P. V. Dwyer was in due course appointed under the title of Bishop of Zoara. WHO IS THE NEW PRELATE ? The Very Rev. Patrick Vincent Dwyer was born . at Albury, New South Wales, on the 21st of August, 1858, and is therefore hardly 39 years of age. He is the eldest son of Mr. William Dwyer, an exemplary Catholic and cultured and courteous gentleman, who has been connected with the Public Education Department for the long period of forty- two years. Mr. Dwyer is now Inspector for State Schools in the Sub-Metropolitan district. Mr. Dwyer and his devoted wife, who died last year, gave three of their children to the Church, Father Vincent, Father Joseph, of St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, and Kathleen (in religion Sister Columba), who has worn the veil as a Dominican Nun in the Maitland Diocese for some fourteen years, and who is now one of the community in charge of the Institution for the Deaf and Dumb at Waratah. Father Vincent, after passing through his primary school days, went to St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, and this institution, founded by the late Right Rev. Matthew Quinn, may now lay claim to having given Australia its first Australian Bishop. Finishing at St. Stanislaus', Father Vincent remaining practically under the same roof, entered as a student of St. Charles' Ecclesiastical Seminary. The Seminary, it may be remarked, was established by Bishop Quinn sometime after he founded St. Stanislaus'. We are indebted to it for many excellent priests. Father Vincent afterwards proceeded to Dublin, and spent some years in the study of Philosphy and Theology in Holy Cross College, Clonliffe. He concluded his studies in the Irish College at Rome, and was ordained priest for the Diocese of Maitland in the Church of St. John Lateran by the Most Rev. Dr. Lenti, Vice-Gerent, on March 4th, 1882. He arrived in Maitland early in December of the same year, and was appointed, one of the cathedral staff. In the beginning of the year 1883 he took charge of St. John's boys' school, which he for a period managed with great success. He was also appointed Diocesan Inspector of Schools and secretary to his Lordship Dr. Murray in the same year. He held these two positions till the end of the year 1888, when he was appointed President of the Sacred Heart College. In 1890 he was appointed one of the Diocesan Consultors to his Lordship Dr. Murray. In all these offices he worked with great success, and merited the high esteem of his Bishop as well as the esteem of the priests of the diocese. Last year Father Dwyer, accompanied by his father and his sister, Miss Mollie Dwyer, visited Europe, returning just before Christmas. THE CONSECRATION. As Bishop Murray pointed out at the luncheon on Sunday afternoon, Pentecost Sunday was a day of happy memories both to him as Bishop and to the Maitland Diocese. On that feast 30 years ago he had assisted at the Consecration to the Episcopate of the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, whose absence from the present function through ill-health was therefore a double source of keen regret to him. On that day 30 years, too, his Eminence Cardinal Moran — not then a Cardinal— not yet even a Bishop — had been instrumental in sending to the Maitland Diocese the community of Dominican Nuns who had since proved such a blessing to his people. But then the people of Maitland have happy diocesan memories extending back even further than thirty years, during which Bishop Murray has been regarded with feelings of personal affection by one and all. And not a little of this feeling animated many of those who travelled long distances to be present at a ceremony which was to give the final seal of Church authority to the raising up of a spiritual help-meet to the fine old prelate who for a generation had devoted himself to the social and religious needs of his people. But it cannot be denied that this feeling was combined with still another — that the new help-meet was one who had been born and reared in every good precept amongst themselves —was, in a word, one of themselves, who had already won himself into their hearts. From Friday evening till Sunday morning the city of Maitland was replenished at frequent intervals by arrivals, clerical and lay, from all parts of the country — delegates from, every district of the diocese coming by every train and every coach. Sunday morning was not promising, the Cathedral clergy having omitted from their arrangements any approach in the direction of the Clerk of Weather But even in this respect matters righted themselves as the ceremony of the day drew nigh. The Consecration Mass was set down for 10 o'clock. Although, there was an eager desire on the part of all creeds to obtain seats, the arrangements of the committee were most complete, and not the slightest confusion prevailed. Every available part of the cathedral was taken up. At the appointed time his Eminence the Cardinal entered the cathedral, accompanied by the visiting prelates and clergy who had formed in processional order. As the imposing procession, with Dr. Dwyer in his brand-new purple robes, passed up the aisle, the organist (Miss Duffy) played the 'Ecce Sacerdos.' The Cardinal was the celebrant of the Consecration Mass, having for his chaplains the Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, O.S.B., of Sydney, and the Rev. John Byrne, P.P. of Wollongong ; the chaplains to the Bishop-elect being Father Joseph Dwyer (his brother), of St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, and Father O'Reilly, Merriwa. The Very Rev. Fr. Corcoran, of Morpeth, acted as chaplain to the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who was the senior assistant Consecrator; and the Very Rev. J. Byrne, S.M. (President of St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst), was chaplain to the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, the second assistant Consecrator. The Rev. M. F. M'Auliffe, B.A,, was master of ceremonies. The other prelates within the sanctuary were the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, O.S.F.C, Bishop of Armidale ; the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton. Owing to illness the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, was unable to attend. There was a large and representative gathering of priests in choir, including the following: —The Very Rev. P. B. Kennedy, O.S.F. (Sydney) ; the Rev. John Paul, O.S-F.C (Quirindi) ; the Very Rev. Vincent Grogan, C.P. ; the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J. (Rector of St. Ignatius' College, Riverview) ; the Very Rev. Fr. Plunkett, C.SS.R. (Waratah) ; the Very Rev. Father O'Farrell, C.SS.R. (Ballarat) ; the Rev. Fr. Gurren, O.P. (at present visiting the colonies) ; the Very Rev. Dr. Hand, V.G. (Maitland), Rev. Fr. Gleeson, Rev. C. M'Auliffe, Rev. Fr. O'Donohoe (Hamilton), Rev. Fr. O' Gorman (Newcastle), Rev. Father Rogers (Branxton), Rev. Father Clancy (Burwood), Rev. Father Roche (Muswell- brook), Rev. Father Nealon. (Raymond Terrace), Rev. Father Flynn (Lambton), Rev. Father Flanagan (Gresford), Rev. P. Meagher (Singleton), Rev. J. O'Reilly (Haydonton), Rev. P. D. Ryan (Tamworth), Rev. Father O'Leary (East Maitland), Rev. J. Meagher (Dungog), Rev. Father Foley (Taree), Rev. T. Long, P.P. (Lewisham), Rev. M. Macnamara (Kogarah) ; Rev. Father Donovan (Adm. Goulburn Cathedral), Rev. A. Horan (Ipswich, Queensland), and Rev. Father Robinson (Melbourne). Space will not permit a detailed account of the beautiful ceremony of Consecration, from the reading of the Papal Brief appointing the Right Rev. Patrick Vincent Dwyer Bishop of Zoara and Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland, to the final kiss of peace. Suffice it to say that on this occasion the sacred rite was carried out with a dignity of observance which impressed everyone. The congregation were in a position to follow every detail of the ceremonial with ease, thanks to to the enterprize of Mr. Lipscombe, a local publisher, who had issued a pamphlet containing the whole sacred rite of Consecration, bearing the imprimatur of Bishop Murray. The music was of the Gregorian order, the priests being ably assisted by the choir. There was no Mass music, but the choir showed their excellent training and talent in the devotional rendering of ' Veni Creator Spiritus,' ' Unguentum in Capite,' ' Te Deum,' ' Firmetur Manus Tua,' As a finale the 'Hallelujah Chorus' from the 'Messiah' was a fitting close to such magnificence of ceremonial. The principal vocalists were : — Messrs. J. Thompson, Lynch, and J. T. Maher, tenors ; Dr. Power and Mr. F. Herrmann, bass ; Miss E. Hyndes, Miss Boyle, and Miss Riley, sopranos ; Miss Ida Hyndes, Miss Dwyer, and Miss Walsh, contraltos. Mr. T. W. Davidson was the conductor, and Miss Duffy ably presided at the organ. Perhaps the most impressive incident during a very impressive morning's ceremonial was when the newly-consecrated young prelate, having given his first episcopal benediction to the whole congregation received his father (Mr. William Dwyer) in the sanctuary and to him imparted his first individual blessing as a Bishop. THE SERMON. The preacher on the occasion was the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, who chose for his subject Pentecost ; and the discourse was the theme of universal admiration with everybody who had the happiness to hear it. His Lordship said :— 'Thou shalt send forth Thy spirit, and they shall be created, and Thou shaft renew the face of the earth. The inspired words of St. Luke which are read in the Epistle of this Sunday record the history of the mysterious event commemorated by the solemnity of Pentecost. When the great burden of the apostolate was placed by their Divine Master on the shoulders of the ' chosen few ' their gravest apprehensions were awakened by the mighty responsibility thus imposed, and by their own conscious unfitness to receive it. But Our Divine Lord did not withhold from them the consolation they so much needed, and hence we find that before He ascended to His Father these assuring words were lovingly addressed to them; ' You shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost coming upon you.' This was His parting pledge to them, and the inspired words of St. Luke give us the history of its fulfilment. Having witnessed the memorabls spectacle of His ascension into Heaven they return to Jerusalem to await in prayer and seclusion the coming of the promised blessing. Accordingly, on the morning of the tenth day, as they were gathered together in the Cunaculum, where Our Lord had celebrated His Last Supper on the eve of His death, ' There suddenly came from Heaven a sound as of a mighty wind, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And there appeared to them cloven tongues, as it were, of fire, and it sat upon each one of them. And they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues.' Such is the mysterious event which the Church commemorates by THIS DAY'S FESTIVAL, and in the whole range of her chequered history there is no incident that possesses a deepen significance, or is fraught with richer spiritual blessings. The Church first founded by Jesus Christ was represented during these ten days by men who, humanly speaking, were miserably deficient in every quality of character and acquirement needed for the great mission to which they had been Divinely chosen. They were rude and unlettered, they were poor, humble and unknown, they were timid, disheartened, and disorganized. Among them were not, only the eleven who fled from their Master in the hour of His trial; there were the disbelieving Thomas and the false Peter. But there was one thing to make up for all these drawbacks ; the memory of their Master's parting words, ' You shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost.' And when that power came, when the spirit from above, the Third Person of the Blessed Trinity, descending from the bosom of the Father in obedience to the will of the Son, entered into the breasts of THESE TIMID, IGNORANT MEN, what a striking fulfilment of the words of my text, ' Thou shalt send forth thy spirit and they shall be created, and thou shalt renew the face of the earth.' Yes, they were truly regenerated, and the whole world became renewed by a marvellous transformation. No sooner had the vivifying graces of the Spirit of God overflowed into their souls than the timid men of yesterday go forth before the world, braced with the courage of veteran heroes, to proclaim as their leader Him whom they had so lately deserted. Instead of seeking safety in flight, or in the seclusion of the Coenaculum, they stand before the council to give an account of their doctrine and to justify their conduct in preaching it by the bold declaration that ' they must obey God, rather than man.' And when in punishment of their courage in thus proclaiming Jesus Christ, ' whom you,' as they said to their judges, ' have put to death, hanging Him on a tree,' they were seized and scourged and dismissed, they go away rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer reproach for the name of Jesus. But this new-born courage did not end here. ' Their sound went over all the earth, and their words went unto the end of the whole earth.' The universe seems scarcely equal to the play of THIER BURNING ZEAL. Peter traverses the surrounding districts of Syria, and next transfers the scene of his apostolic labours to the distant city of Rome, the centre of the Pagan world. Paul carries the glad tidings of the Gospel to Greece, Macedona, and other regions in the south-east of Europe. The voice of the once unbelieving Thomas resounds along the banks of the distant Ganges ; while James, the Greater, seeks in the unknown land of the Spanish Peninsula an inviting field for the exercise of the ministry that had just been miraculously perfected in him. ' Thou shalt send forth thy spirit, and they shall be created.' They were poor and unlettered, and habituated from infancy to the rude life and associations of the fisherman. Jesus Christ had taken them into His school, and had spent three years instructing them in the beauty of His doctrine, and ' the mysteries of the Kingdom of Heaven.' But their innate dulness of heart continues. They understand little of what they hear, and merit the rebuke which their Divine Master was moved to address to them : ' O, foolish and slow of heart to believe.' But the Spirit of God descends, and ' they are created.' Immediately the teaching of their Divine Master becomes clear and captivating, and its hidden truths are propounded by them in language of heavenly beauty. They became THE TEACHERS AND INSTRUCTORS OF THE WHOLE WORLD, though that world contained at the time those who were esteemed 'masters of rhetoric and miracles of wisdom,' and they have left us— these rude, unlettered fishermen— in their inspired Epistles, those fountains of heavenly knowledge at which the brightest intellects of the last eighteen hundred years have fixed their inspiration, and on which the Church of God must ever draw in the preservation of her Divine mission as the Divinely- accredited teacher of the nations of the world. The Apostles were weak, worldly-minded men — they inherited their full share of that sad legacy that had come to all from the first sin. They were vain, jealous, and ambitious ; two even presuming to claim the first place in their Master's kingdom. But God sent forth His spirit, and they became new men. The one ambition that now fires these generous souls is to glorify God by their labours and their sufferings, and to become anathema, if necessary, to that world they so lately loved, that they might gain Jesus Christ. There is now no unseemly scramble for the first place at the table, no dreams of an earthly kingdom, no yearning for the revival of the ancient glories of Israel. Other thoughts than these dominate their mind. The glory of Christ crucified, the spread of His name among nations, the submission of all men to His sweet yoke. Such were the purposes for which they strove in the face of every opposing danger, animated by one spirit, breathing one sentiment — that of St. Paul—' Who shall separate me from the love of Christians? Shall tribulation? or famine? or distress? or nakedness? or persecution? or the sword?' And the tragic close of the life of each best attests the loyalty with which they responded to such a battle cry. Yes, dear brethren, they were created, they were new men, indeed, and the renewal of the face of the earth which followed from their labours is a still more marvellous evidence of the Divine fact. Here we must call in history to our aid, and WHAT DOES HISTORY TELL US ? That the world at the time reposed in the full blaze of that intellectual development which distinguished what is known as ' the Augustan age.' The cultivation of the arts and sciences had attained its highest perfection, the ancient philosophy of Greece and Rome its fullest wisdom, and men boasted of the enlightenment of the age as superior to anything yet attained in the domain of intellectual culture, and yet what was the condition of human society ? It was buried in a state of religious and moral degradation that was truly appalling. All the nations of the earth, except the Jewish people, were the helpless victims of a gross idolatry. ' The whole world,' says a learned writer, ' was a temple in which everything was God except God Himself.' They worshipped imaginary beings, irrational animals, the sun in the heavens, and in the one city of Rome there were 30,000 idols erected to its false gods. Nay more, so far was ' truth diminished among the children of men' that they deified their very sins, and raised up altars to the honour of their impurities, their hates, and their drunkenness. Such was the face of the earth when the spirit of God came down this morning to renew by the preaching of the Apostles and their successors, and I need not delay to remind you of the result. The face of that earth was renewed. These abominable excesses were suppressed, the huge imposture of paganism was swept away ; the standard of the Cross was planted in the centre of its mightiest stronghold ; and THE DARKNESS OF UNBELIEF gradually gave way before the bright light of the exalted doctrines of Christ, which became diffused throughout the whole world. This was only the first scene in the divine drama that was just unfolding itself to the world. The consequences of the prevailing depravity were reflected in every phase of social life. In an age so remarkable for intellectual culture the vast majority of the human race was reduced to a state of abject slavery. In the city of Rome, and for 360 years, the proportion of the slave to the freeman was 3 to 1. In Greece, the centre of the classic culture of the time, it rose in some cities as high as 20 to 1, while in some of the surrounding barbarous nations the evil was not less aggravated. These poor creatures were regarded as belonging to a kind of inferior order of being, who had no rights to be recognized, no privileges to be respected, no temporal or eternal interests to be provided for. Thousands were periodically gathered into the Roman amphitheatre to slaughter each other for the brutal gratification of the populace. Ladies engaged at their toilet might turn round upon their poor female slave in attendance and plunge their daggers into her heart if she happened to make a mistake in the adjustment of her dress. And there was a law, even, which provided that if the master was assassinated, all the slaves except the infirm and those in chains might be put to death, and there is an instance on record where 400 were so executed in cold blood to satisfy the manes of their murdered master. Such was the world upon which the Spirit of God came down to exercise His benign influence, through the preaching of the Gospel of Christ. According to the principles of that Gospel, ALL MEN WERE EQUAL BEFORE GOD, sons of the same Heavenly Father ; heirs to the same Heavenly Kingdom. Man's social status was an accident of life that meant no real degradation as such, and cast no stigma upon his immortal soul, which was equally noble, whether it reposed in the breast of the king or the bondsman. In obedience to such principles and quickened by her Divine Spirit of fraternal charity, the Church took the slave to her bosom with the fondness of a mother's love, and having washed his immortal soul in the saving waters of baptism and having introduced him among her children, she exhorted him to the practice of those virtues which till then were repudiated as baseness— humility of heart, patience in suffering, and resignation to the Holy Will of God. ' You slaves,' says St. Paul, " obey them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in the simplicity of your hearts, as to Jesus Christ Himself, not serving to the eye, as if pleasing man, but as the servants of Christ doing the Will of God from the heart.' Thus the Church sought sweetly TO REMOVE FROM THE SLAVE THE STIGMA OF HIS SLAVERY by reminding him that though he was a slave he was no less a child of God ; and that he could serve God no less effectually by offering to him in simplicity of heart that service which his condition required him to render to his master. The master, too, was equally the object of the Church's solicitude. She takes pains to disabuse him of the idea that he was the absolute owner of those subject to him, or free from responsibility in their regard. 'And you masters,' he says, ' do the same thing as your slaves, forbearing, threatening, knowing that the Lord both of these and you is in heaven, and that there is no respect of persons with Him. Do to your servants what is just and equal, knowing also that you have a Master who is in Heaven . . that there is in Christ neither bondsman nor freeman, neither Jew nor Gentile, neither barbarian, nor Sythian, but Christ the Lord in all, and ye are all one in Jesus Christ.' These were the first words of remonstrance and sympathy and hope spoken on behalf of the slave, and they came from the Holy Spirit, who had undertaken the renovation of the world. But this emancipation was to go on. The slave was not only received among the children of the Church and placed on a level of equality with his master in the distribution of her spiritual gifts, he was admitted into her sanctuary ; nay more, some were even raised to the honour of her altars, and enrolled on the Calender of her canonized Saints. The policy thus inaugurated she pursued through the whole course of her history. Slowly, if you will, but FIRMLY AND UNSWERVINGLY PLEADING the cause of the slave, and defending the rights by word, by warning, and sometimes by the fulmination of the severest censures, and with the result that the cruel institution was uprooted, and that to-day there is no slave in any land where the name of Christ is spoken with honour. If we pass to the consideration of the more intimate relations of society, the picture will be no less depressing. Woman had been displaced from her legitimate position as the equal and helpmate of man, and reduced to a state of debasement bordering on slavery. She was deprived of all social and legal rights, and denied in great part the exercise of personal liberty. Before marriage she belonged to her father as one of his chattels, and he usually sold her to her future husband for a small sum of money. After marriage she became the property of her husband, who assumed towards her the relations not of spouse, but of master. He could abandon, scourge, or dismiss her, according to the promptings of his caprice. She was denied all authority over her children, to whom she was scarcely regarded as an equal. Excluded from the family circle, and forced to lived a dreary, neglected life in the company of her slaves, woman was thus not only deprived of that respect which the gentleness of her nature and the refinement of her feelings should win, but subjected to a species of cruelty which is only to be explained by a spirit of deep seated contempt. She was declared the source of every evil, and Socrates thanked the gods that he was born neither a slave nor a woman. This sad state of feeling towards women found its natural outcome in the indifference with which the marriage contract was regarded. The general idea prevailed that when marriage became a source of unhappiness it should be dissolved. Men of the highest rank and brightest intellects put away their wives on the most flimsy pretexts, and it was popularly held that marriage brought only two happy days to man — the day of his espousal and the day on which he laid his wife in the tomb. The result was UNIVERSAL CORRUPTION, deep deformity of morals, in which neither justice nor charity, nor social nor personal purity found a place. What a field for the workings of the Holy Spirit of God. Yes, clear brethren, in the glorious regeneration of women that followed we have one \-------------------------------------------- CARDINAL MORAN, Consecrator. \--------------------------------------------- of the proudest triumphs of the Church, and one of the most striking fulfilments of the prophet's words, 'Thou shalt renew the face of the earth.' When God chose the virgin daughter of Zion as the mother of His Son, He restored woman to her original dignity. Mary, one of the despised, was raised by the hand of her Creator to a position of honour immeasurably superior to that of the angels, and set up before woman as the model in which would be found every virtue that should adorn the Christian maiden, wife, and mother. Hence that ennobling of woman which it has been the cherished mission of the Church to proclaim. Man must be reminded that she is not his inferior, his slave, or the sport of his passions, that she is his equal in intelligence and dignity, as she is in the unity of origin, the identity of future hopes. Christ Himself would have us to know all this from His tender treatment of women, and His Apostle more expressly proclaimed it when He said, ' Ye are all children of God by faith which is in Christ, and there is neither Jew nor Greek, neither servant nor freeman, there is neither male nor female.' But THE RIGHTS OF WOMAN received a still higher sanction in the Church's fearless defence of what is acknowledged as the great safeguard of her honour and dignity, the unity, the sanctity, and the indissolubility of marriage. When the Apostle of the Gentiles announced to the Ephesians of old, ' Husbands love your wives as Christ also loved His Church,' his words were a startling awakening to his hearers. Yet they expressed only one phase of that mysterious union between husband and wife which Christ had already raised to the dignity of a Sacrament, and pronounced indissoluble by earthly power. ' What therefore God hath joined together let no man put asunder. ' Here is laid the basis of what is called the ' palladium' of the woman's rights and privileges. She becomes her husband's helpmate, bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, and hence man shall leave father and mother, and cling to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh. 'One with one only and forever,' becomes the charter of her claims to that position of independence in the household, in virtue of which, while duly subject to her husband, as to the Lord, she becomes the queen of the Christian home, the moulder of the Christian family, and — shall I not say it ? — the hope of Christian civilization. Thus woman became RESCUED FROM THAT DEGRADED BONDAGE under which she lay for so many centuries, and restored to her legitimate place in society. She became the active dispenser of Christian charity ; yes, and the great exemplar of Christian virtues which till then were regarded as impossible; and hence we have had in every age and every clime since then that grand succession of valiant Christian women who have done so much towards the advancement of religion, and whose deeds of Christian heroism form some of the brightest pages in the annals of the Christian Church. How lively, then, and deep and enduring should be woman's gratitude towards the Catholic Church, which has been her true emancipator ; for, as the great American Cardinal expresses it, ' if virginal and conjugal chastity is held to-day as the brightest gem in the diadem of woman, if the wife is regarded as the peer of her husband, and not his slave or the toy of his caprice or passion, if she is honoured as the mistress of the household, and the queen of the domestic kingdom, to be dethroned only by death, she is indebted for all this to the Church, which always held inviolable the unity and indissolubility of marriage.' The elevation of woman was followed by another result no less important — the saving and the civilizing of the child. Before the coming of Christ the custom prevailed among pagan nations to place the new-born infant on the ground at the father's feet. If he raised it up, it became an acknowledged member of the family ; if he allowed it to remain on the ground, the poor little creature was abandoned in the public street, where it usually died from hunger or cold, or became devoured by the dogs. Tertullian speaks thus to the Romans of his time : ' How many are there among you who have put an end to your children ; you drown them, you suffer them to die of cold and hunger, or to be eaten by dogs ?' Again, those who were saved from this miserable end passed so completely under the power of the father that he could imprison them with impunity, beat them with rods, lead them with chains, sell them as slaves, or put them to death. We can well imagine the affliction or spirit which this deplorable state of things must have awakened in the heart of the Church of Christ. She remembered her Divine Master's solicitude for little children. ' See that you despise not one of these little oness for I say to you their angels in Heaven always see the face of my Father, who is in Heaven.' Taking her inspiration from these words, she rushed to the rescue with her resistless ardour, and exercised all her influence by Apostolic constitutions, by council, by the ordinance of bishops, to restrain such cruel treatment of children ; and when eventually she came to possess the power she wielded it with unsparing hand in inflicting condign punishment on the unnatural parent who would contribute towards the death or mutilation of the child ; while at the same time her most earnest appeals were addressed to all to recognize the rights and high destiny of the little ones of Christ, who, becoming in baptism the consecrated property of God, were thereby invited to reign with Him for ever in heaven. But, perhaps, one of the most striking manifestations of the workings of the Holy Spirit in the Church of God is yet to be considered. At the time He descended on the Apostles in the form of fiery tongues, the city of Rome contained a population of 2,000,000, in which the poor numbered no less than 500,000. Yet in the whole range of Roman history there is NO MENTION OF A SINGLE ASYLUM FOR THE POOR, or hospital for the sick ; no attempt by either public or private munificence to provide for the afflicted members of humanity. On the contrary, the prevailing spirit of the time was diametrically opposed to the very idea of such philanthropy and hence while we find men throwing away their money to show their contempt for riches, or to rid themselves of the anxiety which its possession entails, there was no thought of the suffering of the poor. Seneca tells us, no doubt, that men sometimes times threw an alms to a beggar, but, he adds, this was merely to get rid of him, and Plantus writes : ' What is the use of giving anything to a beggar ? One loses what he gives away, and only prolongs the miserable life of the receiver.' And, as a further outcome of such inhuman heartlessness, the aged and infirm slaves were usually gathered together on an island in the Tiber and there allowed miserably to perish. There could be no more inviting field for the exercise of that charity which Christ had made the characteristic work of His followers than that which opened up before the eyes of the infant Church of God in this connection, and none to which she gave herself with more restless zeal. Collections were made every Sunday for the orphans and widows, the sick and infirm ; at the time of the Decian persecution, in the year 249, no less than 1500 of these were being SUPPORTED BY THE CHARITY OF THE CHURCH, and that she regarded this work as one of her most hallowed duties is well illustrated by an incident recorded in the life of St. Laurence. When the Saint was led before the Roman Prefect and commanded to surrender the riches of his church, he asked for three day to gather them in. At the end of this time he appeared surrounded by the poor, the orphans, the \------------------------------------- DR. DWYER, Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. \--------------------------------------- aged, the infirm, and said, ' These are our riches, these are our jewels ; these are the treasures which we prize.' Yes, dear brethren, from her very first beginning on Pentecost Sunday down to the present time, her organizations of charity have ever been one of the most prominent features of the Church's enlightened mission among men, which has forced itself upon the recognition of every impartial witness, and has won from no less unfriendly a critic than the famous Montesquieu the following avowal: ' The Catholic Church, which was established to provide life to come, succeeds better than any other in stitution in providing for his happiness even in this life.' These are some of the many reflections which the great Festival of Pentecost must always bring up for consideration ; and THE IMPRESSIVE RELIGIOUS FUNCTION which has just taken place within your sanctuary is strongly in harmony with its highest spiritual significance. In that function we have had only a fresh development of the active agency of the Holy Spirit of God, which began in the Coenaculum 1800 years ago, and which shall continue through the sacramental ministry of the Church to the end of time. We read in the Acts of the Apostles that when the wants of the infant Church called for help ' as the Apostles were ministering to the Lord and fasting, \---------------------------------- DR. MURRAY, BISHOP OF MAITLAND. Assistant Consecrator. \------------------------------------ the Holy Ghost said to them, 'Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken them;' then they, fasting and praying, and imposing hands upon them, sent them away.' In like manner, dear brethren, when the declining strength of the venerated prelate whose privilege it \-------------------------------------- BISHOP DWYER'S PECTORAL CROSS. (The Gift of his Father, Mr. W. Dwyer). \---------------------------------------- has been under God, and in obedience to the mandate of the Apostolic See, to found this important diocese, and to create and guide that great religious development which has been in active operation amongst you for the past 31 years, needed the aid of a helpmate, the Holy Ghost, speaking through the Vicar of Christ, sets apart THE YOUNG ECCLESIASTIC upon whom the plenitude of the priesthood has just descended, that he too may go forth to continue the apostolic work for which his learning and prudence and high priestly virtues so eminently fit him 'Accordingly the illustrious head of the Catholic Church in Australia comes here to-day, the bearer of the Apostolic mandate, to impose hands upon him, to invest him with a new mysterious power, to raise him to a new and sublime dignity, to realize in him anew the words of the prophet, ' Thou shalt send forth Thy spirit, and they shall be created, and they shall renew the face of the earth.' Yes, dear brethren, when the consecrating Cardinal imposed hands upon him and anointed his head with holy chrism, the Holy Spirit came down to change him into a new man, to perfect inwardly in him what had been symbolized by that external rite ; and entering into his soul He replenished it with the fulness of grace, and imparted to him THE FULL MEASURE OF SACERDOTAL POWER which constitutes the Bishop, the image and likeness of the one true High Priest, ' that High Priest that has entered with His blood into the eternal sanctuary, and is the Bishop and Shepherd of our souls.' The sacerdotal character has become invested with new potency— an inward spiritual energy — not inherent in the simple priest, in virtue of which the Bishop is empowered to transmit into others what he has himself received, and thus to perpetuate the Apostolic succession in the Church of God, and to hand down from generation unto generation, 'unto the consummation of the world,' the eternal priesthood of Jesus Christ, for the offering of sacrifice, and for the remission of sin. In the ceremony of to-day this young priest has been made A SUCCESSOR OF THE FIRST CHAMPIONS OF THE CROSS who went forth from the Coonaculum on the First Pentecost to renovate the world. He has become the guardian of their hallowed traditions, a sharer in their labours, and an aspirant to that Crown, if needs be, which became the well-merited reward of their loyalty to their Divine Master. This timid priest becomes to-day a brave and a vigilant sentinel, whose duty it will be to take his stand on the watch-towers of Israel, and proclaim in no uncertain sounds the approach of every threatening danger. Whose duty it will be to guard the deposit of Divine Truth with a courage of heart and a strength of will and a boldness of action that will show no wavering, suffer no compromise, shrink from no sacrifice, that the faithful fulfilment of his trust may demand ; for ' the Good Shepherd lays down His life for His sheep.' He must feed his flock with the pure unadulterated food of sound doctrine, preaching the word of God in season and out of season, letting the brightness of His virtues, the light of His faith, the warmth of His charity, shine forth as a heavenly beacon before men to lead them in the ways of truth and justice to the knowledge and service of God. His heart must expand in all sympathy with the \------------------------------------------------ DR. BYRNE, BISHOP OF BATHURST. Assistant Consecrator. \------------------------------------------------- poor and the afflicted, and his most anxious care be bestowed upon the lambs of the flock — to secure for these little ones the blessings of that religious education that will train them in the knowledge of religious truth, the profession of religious principles, the practice of Christian virtue, the fulfilment of those Christian duties that will mould them into God-fearing men and law-abiding members of society. Such are some of the heavy RESPONSIBILITIES WHICH YOUR YOUNG BISHOP ASSUMES to-day, and they may well awaken that lively apprehension with which the burdens of the episcopal office have ever been regarded by the Saints. But I would venture to say to him that he has much to inspire hope. He has firstly the call of Him who has said, ' You have not chosen Me, but I have chosen you, and appointed you, that you should go and bring forth fruit, and your fruit shall remain ;' and if a wholesome spirit of humility should still suggest thoughts of personal unfitness, I would remind him that he is the successor of poor fishermen who had no learning save the knowledge of Christ crucified. He will have the wisdom and experience of THE VENERABLE BISHOP OF THIS DIOCESE to guide his halting footsteps, and need I add how earnest are those wishes that go out from so many anxious hearts in this diocese to-day that that guidance may continue for many years to come. It was his master-hand that took up the scattered fragments of the Church in this district 31 years ago, and moulded them into that fair, strong, compact body which we see it to-day. It was his active energy and large-hearted generosity that called into play those various agencies of good for religion, education, and charity that dot the fair face of this diocese to-day, and render it such a smiling garden in the vineyard of the Lord. It was his enlightened zeal and far-seeing wisdom that drew around him from the schools and colleges of the old world those earnest workers of the Sanctuary who have been his faithful lieutenants in scattering those seeds of faith and virtue that are to-day bearing such an abundant harvest of spiritual fruit for the glory of God and for the salvation of souls. Such is the chosen vineyard of the Lord on which the newly- consecrated Bishop enters to-day with so much promise, and as the help-mate of that aged Father who had the moulding of his early life and the guiding of his early aspirations— that Father who watched so anxiously over the ripening of that wisdom and virtue of which in early youth he had recognized the hopeful germs, and who rejoices to-day day as no other may rejoice at the happy realization of his cherished expectations. But there is ANOTHER FEATURE OF THE DAY'S CELEBRATIONS which we cannot pass over in silence, as it is both unique in its kind and full of hopeful significance. The Australian Church to-day sees in the person of your young Bishop the first of her sons attain the dignity of the Episcopacy. For the past 100 years her growth has been rapid and her development marvellous beyond a parallel perhaps. Her children have displayed a docility to her teaching, an admiration of her beauty, and loyal attachment to her interests which compare, favourably with the palmiest days of the ages of faith. Her daughters have shown an aptitude in forming themselves on the high models of Christian virtue that have been set before them, which has resulted in the production of some of the highest ideals of woman's worth and woman's virtue, and woman's heroic devotion to duty, whether in the Christian home or under the shadow of the cloister. But the service of the altar has not thus far been so largely supplied with recruits from the ranks of her children. No doubt this reproach is fast passing away. The recently- erected College of St. Patrick's at Manly has already begun to send forth its supplies to the ranks of the Australian priesthood, and the sixty young Levites who are at present engaged in pursuing their ecclesiastical studies within its walls give promise of a harvest of missionary activity of which any Church might feel proud. But the event which I claim as suggestive of deepest significance and RADIANT WITH BRIGHTEST HOPE has taken place to-day, when one of her gifted sons has been for the first time raised to the episcopal dignity to take his place in the council of her Bishops, and have his share in the guidance of her future destiny. May we not take it as marking the opening of a new epoch in the life of the Catholic Church in Australia, as an auspicious augury of future advance, of increasing blessings, and of brighter triumph of Christian truth and justice and enlightenment in this Southern land ; as the harbinger of special benediction for you who will be the receiver of its first fruits ? Let us pray that it may be so ; that the young prelate who has just been consecrated may in his future career realize all the hopes that have, been formed of his worth; that HIS DAYS MAY BE LONG AND HIS LABOURS FRUITFUL, his triumph brilliant, so that, having multiplied the works of his ministry through the quickening guidance of the Holy Spirit, having served his God and cared for his flock, and fulfilled his trust as a true soldier of the Cross, he will receive that crown which is the assured reward of the good and faithful , servant. Amen. FATHER O'FARRELL'S DISCOURSE. In the evening the cathedral was again packed, when Father O'Farrell (Rector of the Redemptorist Monastery, Ballarat) preached from the text: 'And the lot fell upon Mathias and he was numbered amongst the Apostles' (Acts i, 26). The preacher first explained the meaning of the various emblems used in the Consecration of a Bishop — the Ring, the Crozier, the Mitre — and showed the beautiful significance of these emblems as well as the salutary lessons they are intended to teach. He then went on to show the means taken by Our Lord to secure to His Church the perpetual preservation and infallible teaching of the truths He delivered to the Apostles, by the uninterrupted succession of the Apostolic Ministry, which, the preacher said, has never and can never fail or be interrupted in the Church to the end of time. He instanced the ceremony of the day as a proof of this, and showed how none can enter the ranks of the Roman Catholic Episcopate except by the door of Apostolic authority ; how the priest raised to the Episcopate to-day had to produce the warrant of his Consecration, signed with the seal of the Fisherman and bearing the name of Leo XIII. , the legitimate successor of Peter, whom Christ commissioned to feed His sheep and lambs, and between whom and the present Roman Pontiff an unbroken succession can be most certainly traced. He then exhorted his hearers to be more and more grateful to God for thus having preserved in His Church by such effectual means the secure possession of Apostolic Truth. The preacher concluded by congratulating Australia that at length and for the first time has been discovered amongst her treasures the metal fit to form a new link in the historic chain of Apostolic succession, which he assured them was the best presage of Australia's future greatness amongst the nations of Christendom. Bishop Dwyer brought the devotions to a close with Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. It is noteworthy the beautiful decorations in the cathedral on Sunday were due to the artistic taste and loving hands of Miss Manery and Miss Teresa M'Namara. The whole of the cathedral arrangements were left to Father Gleeson, who must have been gratified at the success which attended his efforts. BANQUET TO THE VISITING PRELATES. At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon the parochial schoolroom was the scene of a very pleasant gather ing, when in response to invitation 160 guests sat down to a really sumptuous banquet. The donors of the feast were the ladies of the Cathedral parish, who had given the hall a charming appearance. Not merely had the dishes been entirely prepared by these ladies, but under their artistic hands the tables, as well as the walls, had been decorated in a manner which might have excited the envy of professional decorators and caterers. In deed, one experienced visitor — and under the seal of secrecy we may as well tell the reader that the visitor was that hero of a hundred banquets, Mr. E. O'Farrell, of Sydney— declared that he had attended every St. Patrick's Night banquet, but had never seen anything to equal this one. In the decorations it almost goes without saying that cardinal and purple were the pronounced colours on the occasion. Notable amongst the motto were 'Caed Mille Failthe' and a monster shamrock, on the leaves of which were painted the words 'Peace, Patriotism, Prosperity,' in allusion to a memorable utterance of the Cardinal. Before proceeding further, we must mention the good ladies responsible for a tout ensemble admired by all present :— Mrs. George Maher, president ; Miss M. A. Moore, vice-president ; Mesdames Peter Rafferty and E. Nash, hon. treasurers ; Misses Emy Hyndes and Jennie Duffy, hon. secretaries ; Mesdames M. P. Maher, John Moylan, Thomas Moylan, Thomas Callaghan, F. Herrmann, R. Bailey, T. J. Davis, T. Wilkinson, Misses K. Dillon, Ida Hyndes, Fanny Callaghan, S. Ahearn, S. Moore, Emily Walsh, M. A. Riley, E. Monaghan, K. Canty, E. Tierney, K. Boyle, A. Navin, Amy French, B. Moylan, and M. M'Lachlan. These ladies waited upon the guests, assisted by Nurses Smith and Kelaher, from the Pierce Memorial Nurses' Home. And still another word of praise — to Dr. D. W. Power, who set an example of unselfishness which might be followed with excellent results at all similar gatherings by acting the part of majordomo for the nonce. Seated at the principal table were the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who presided, having on his right his Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer, Bishop of Zoara, and the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst ; on his left the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale, the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton, and the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney; at either end Mr. John Meagher, J.P., of Bathurst, and Mr. William Dwyer, father of the newly-consecrated Bishop. The whole of the clergy who had assisted it the solemnities in the Cathedral also graced the banquet-hall. The other guests included the delegates representing the laity of the Maitland diocese — viz., Newcastle: Messrs. John O'Grady; Alexander M'Donell ; Hamilton : Messrs. Rogers and O'Hara; East Maitland: Messrs. Jas. M'Laughlin, P. Bourke, J.P. ; Singleton : Messrs W. J. Quinn, H. Joiner ; Dungog : Messrs. Thos. Dillon, T. J. Dwyer; Raymond Terrace : Messrs. P. Moy, M. Martin ; Muswellbrook : Messrs. P. Healy, O. S. Fitzpatrick ; Burwood: Messrs. W. Burns, W. Stanton ; Merriwa : Messrs. W. Paul, J, Shannon; Scone : Mr. John Minch ; Branxton : Messrs. A. Hartcher, H. M'Connell ; Cessnock : Mr. J. Doyle. Also we noticed Messrs. Frank Clarke, M.P. ; J. G. O'Connor, M. Murray, J.P. ; G. Maher, J.P. ; John Enright, J.P. ; James O'Brien, senior, T. A. Hill, J. Farrell, H. A. O'Connor, A. O'Connor, J, Storen, Walter J. Enright, M.A., J. Kennedy, P. O'Donnell, T. A. Davis, D. Naven, T. Ahearne, T. A. Egan, M. P. Maher, J. Walsh, W. A. Terry, J. Small, J. J. Callaghan, R. Dillon, T. Moylan, J. G. Rigney, J. J. Maher, A. Hoban, J. Bamback, James Post, J. Callachor, R. Bailey, W. J. Tierney, R. J. Dilley, C. Hayes, John Post, H. Bull, E. M'Glynn, T. Maguire, J. Kennedy, T. Doosey, J. W. O'Brien, P. W. Crowe, J.P. (Brisbane), T. Dwyer (East Maitland) and J. Dwyer (Cowra), uncles of Bishop Dwyer ; J. Dwyer (Sydney), brother ; other Sydney visitors including Messrs. J. V. Casey, E. O'Farrell, J. Blakeney, P. Cantwell, and John Weingarth. THE TOASTS. The repast having been concluded, the Right Rev. Chairman rose, and was greeted with loud and prolonged applause. Dr. Murray said the first thing he had to do was to give all a very hearty welcome to Maitland on this very auspicuous occasion. They would all agree it was a very auspicious occasion. He would not go into details about the young priest who had been elevated to the Episcopate, and, who, would be an ornament to the Church. (Applause.) He wished to state that he was gratified that his Eminence was present. But he regretted, however, that his old friend, Dr. Lanigan, the venerable Bishop of Goulburn, had not been able to attend. He had set his heart. upon coming to assist in the Consecration of Dr. Dwyer, but his medical advisers thought it would be better not to undertake the journey. Thirty years that day Dr. J. Quinn, Dr. M. Quinn, and he had raised Dr. Lanigan to the Episcopate. He remembered the occasion very distinctly, and it had afforded him great pleasure. There was also another event which he must mention. That day (that is, Pentecost Sunday) thirty years ago, Cardinal Moran, who was not then a Cardinal, sent out to the Maitland Diocese the first contingent of Dominican can Nuns. Two parchments had been received from Rome which had caused all the fuss on this occasion, and in consequence of these parchments not only the prelates and clergy, but some old friends had assembled to carry out the duty which these parchments authorized — the Consecration of Dr. Dwyer as Coadjutor-Bishop. There was one old friend present, Mr. John Meagher of Bathurst (applause), whom he must specially mention. Mr. Meagher had on one occasion when leaving home, hearing that he (Dr. Murray) was dying, said that he would not return until he had buried Dr. Murray. (Laughter.) He (Dr. Murray) did not know what those present thought about the matter, but he hoped Mr. Meagher would not have the pleasure of seeing him buried for twenty years. (Laughter and applause.) His Holiness the Pope had brought them together on that occasion. He would not say that the Cardinal and the clergy had nothing to do with it, but he would ask them to drink the health of the Pope. The toast was received with the utmost reverence. Dr. Murray said he had another toast to honour. They were all met there as Australians; his Eminence was an Australian, and that fact was proclaimed by his recent speech at Bathurst, which had stamped him as an Australian patriot, and had placed him in the highest position as an Australian citizen. (Applause.) The present year was an exceptional one for the Queen. Whatever feeling the speaker might entertain towards her Gracious Majesty when he was in Ireland, out here things were different; and he had always spoken in a loyal tone of the Queen. Here they had no reason to complain, and he wished her every success on her record reign (applause), and that she might continue to reign over her people for a long time. He would now ask them to drink the health of the Queen. The toast having being duly honoured, Dr Murray said: I have now done my part. I leave the rest to my Coadjutor. (Applause.) Dr, Dwyer, on rising, was received with loud and continued applause. The young Bishop said he had rather a difficult task before him, inasmuch as he had to speak in laudatory and reverential terms of one who was present, and it was with feelings of humility that he rose to perform that duty, which was to ask them to do honour to their Cardinal. The Papal Brief, the speaker said, gave him power to choose any Bishop to perform the Consecration and he took advantage of this privilege, and he had asked his Eminence Cardinal Moran to act as his Consecrator. He considered it a very high honour indeed to be created a Bishop by a Prince of the Church, and to be able to look back upon the sacred order of the Episcopate coming through one who linked together in his own person in a manner quit unique the names of Rome, Ireland, and Australia. In fact those three headings would form a great chapter in the life-work of his Eminence. He was one of Rome's most learned priests, one of Ireland's greatest Bishops, and Australia's only Cardinal, Australians were generally credited with having a very strong appreciation of themselves, and in a measure the implication was true; but there was one fact in connection with their history which was certainly not over-emphasized, and that was that they were in the presence of the highest dignitary, after the Pope and Royalty, when they were in the presence of the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney. They saw it stated that Australia had advanced greatly in the estimation of the world by the historical event known as the sending away of the Soudan Contingent (laughter), but he believed their country had advanced in a much greater degree by the permanent residence in her capital of one who had worn with befitting dignity for twelve years the Roman purple. (Applause.) He said the Cardinal was one of Ireland's greatest Bishops ; he was also one of her most patriotic sons. By his presence there that day his Eminence had placed them all under a deep debt of gratitude, and his own sincerest wish in saying three times to him at the altar that day ' Ad multos annos' was sufficient to express his feelings towards him. He would ask them to drink ' Long life and success to his Eminence the Cardinal.' (Applause.) His Eminence, on rising to respond, was greeted with loud applause. He said that, after hearing the speech delivered by the Coadjutor-Bishop, he was not quite sure that he had not made a mistake in imposing hands upon him that morning. There could be no doubt, although Dr. Dwyer was an Australian, that he must have visited that portion of Ireland known as Blarney. (Laughter.) He (the Cardinal) remembered that some twenty years ago, in Kilkenny, he received a visit from their young Bishop, as a student, but he did not then know that he was proceeding from Kilkenny to Blarney. He (the speaker) little thought that after twenty years had passed this simple-minded student would be showing the fruits, but deriving the advantages, he received from his visit to that historic place. (Laughter.) But, seriously speaking, he (the Cardinal) could assure their Lordships it was a matter of great delight to him to be called upon to perform the ceremony they had witnessed that morning. It must be a great source of joy to Dr. Murray in having one sent to him full of vigour and zeal to sustain him in his advancing years. It was a feast of joy to his Lordship the Bishop of that diocese, and to everyone who had the interests and welfare of Australia at heart. He heartily agreed with every word Dr. Dwyer had said about Australia, There was a great future for Australia. The wishes and aspirations of Holy Church, and the Divine successor of St. Peter who guides her, were for her success. It was not without a great and merciful design on the part of Providence that after eighteen centuries had rolled by the mists should pass away, and the light of Christian faith be shed on this great continent. The darkness, however, had passed away, and she was illumined with the light of Christian enlightenment and Christian blessings. A grand destiny awaited Australia. All Australia should rejoice that one of her own sons had been crowned with Episcopal dignity. Since coming to Maitland he had made an astronomical discovery. His Lordship the Bishop of Armidale had on Friday afternoon said that he (the Cardinal) was the sun around which all the planets moved. Since looking at his Lordship, he concluded all the planets were not of the same specific gravity. (Laughter.) It was a source of joy to see young men taking up the crozier and bearing it for the standard of Christ. Dr. Murray had done good and noble work for Holy Church. His wisdom and experience and zeal had been of great benefit to his brother prelates. He had brought out the Order of the Sisters of St. Dominic and the Brothers of Alphonsus. It was a matter of great rejoicing that he had now a Coadjutor to assist him, which would enable him to continue his good work. His Eminence concluded a very happy speech by asking all to join him in honouring the Coadjutor-Bishop, whom they had assisted in raising to the Episcopal dignity. His Lordship Dr. Dwyer, in responding, thanked his Eminence for proposing his health and for the eulogies which he had bestowed upon him, of which he considered himself unworthy. He said there lived in Italy in the fifteenth century a famous artist named Fra Angelico. This artist-monk used to paint angels of most exquisite form, and when asked how he could paint in such a perfect way beings whom he had never seen, his reply was that he represented them as he thought they ought to be. His Eminence would pardon him for saying that, like Fra Angelico, he had represented him as he ought to be. From the venerable Bishop who still, thank God, ruled the diocese, and would, they all hoped, rule it for many years to come, the generous clergy, the devoted Sisterhood, and the faithful laity, all had made of him an ideal which he should be, but which, unfortunately, he was not. God was, however, able to do much good with very inferior instruments. From the position in which he was placed he could, notwithstanding his unworthiness, force a vast field of good work to be accomplished with the blessing of God, Who was there, knowing even a little of the history of the Catholic Church, who would not deem it a noble work and worthy of any personal sacrifice to comfort the declining years of the venerable Bishop of that diocese ? He had borne the burdens of the day and the heat, and he had the consolation of seeing, as the fruit of his labours, a well-organized diocese, a zealous and devoted priesthood, a band of religious Sisters of which any diocese might be proud, and a laity who were a bright example of fidelity to duty and generosity in works of religion and charity. If, to continue and advance these noble results of the Bishop, his humble powers could avail anything, he must not think of withholding them. He intended, with God's help, to devote himself entirety to the task that had been assigned him, to co-operate with the priests and nuns and people of the diocese in carrying out and perfecting the works of religion and education which they had been enabled to accomplish under the direction of their venerable Bishop, and he hoped in the execution of this task he might continue to be to him in the evening of his life what he had hitherto striven to be— a devoted son. (Applause.) Dr. Dwyer continued : They had a large number of the Hierarchy of New South Wales present, and in the language of the Sacred Writings they had at their festive board the Angels of Grafton, Bathurst, and Goulburn, and the Titular-Bishop of a distant land, Dr. Higgins. He referred to the Apostolic labours of the Bishop of Armidale, who was well known to the Maitland people through having temporary administration of this diocese ; and to the work of the Bishop of Grafton, and also to Dr. Higgins, whose oratory was still ringing in his ears. Dr. Dwyer then expressed great regret at the absence of Dr. Lanigan, whom he would like to have seen present. He then asked those present to join him in wishing long life and happiness to the Episcopacy. (Applause.) The toast was cordially honoured. Dr. Torreggiani was the first to respond, and he rejoiced that Dr. Murray had got such an able Coadjutor to help him. He (Dr. Torreggiani) said he knew all along Dr. Dwyer would become a Bishop. He had been watching him, and, as results showed, he had not been mistaken. He congratulated Dr. Murray and all the Catholics and clergy on the selection which had been made, and he would wish Dr. Dwyer three times ' Ad multos annos.' (Applause.) Dr. Doyle, in responding, said that he thought the new Coadjutor-Bishop had not only kissed the Blarney-stone, but that he had swallowed it. (Laughter) He thought they should stick to the Rule of confining the response to one Bishop, and extend it no further. He (Bishop Doyle) thought Bishop Dwyer bore two of the greatest names known to Christianity— Patrick Vincent. And apropos of this, he had found one weak spot in the Australian character. The names of Patrick and Brigid were not sufficiently venerated in this country, and by Irishmen, too. He wished long life to the young Bishop, and hoped he would be Coadjutor for many years to come. (Applause.) Bishop Higgins also briefly responded. He was pleased to come to Maitland to take part in the Consecration of Dr. Dwyer, and if his humble services contributed in the smallest degree in assisting in the ceremony he was very glad, and he rejoiced at the elevation of Dr. Dwyer to the Episcopate. Bishop Byrne, who was received with applause, said it was his greatest joy to be there that day, but the joy was mingled with regret at the absence of his old friend, Dr. Lanigan. The reason why he (Dr. Lanigan) did not go to Bathurst recently was because he said he wanted to keep himself fresh for Maitland, as he had set his heart upon coming here. He (Dr. Byrne) was asked to take his place, but he felt like David putting on the armour of Saul. The speaker also referred in affectionate terms to Dr. Murray. His dear friend, John Meagher, said he had come to bury the Bishop of Maitland, but he (Dr. Byrne) had come to resurrect, him. (Laughter.) For nine months he was almost dead, and look at him now. He (Dr. Byrne) got the credit of performing miracles recently in the West, and now he had performed one on Dr. Murray. (Applause.) Bishop Murray rose and spoke in eulogistic terms of the Bishop of Bathurst and of the journeys they had travelled together. He related an amusing incident of a time when he and Bishop Byrne were travelling into the Gloucester district — Dr. Byrne on a grey horse and himself on a black. They were met outside a town, and one who was greatly taken with the horses was heard to say, ' Dear me, what a splendid horse his Lordship has !' (Laughter.) They had not noticed the Bishop. Dr. Murray again spoke of the zeal displayed by Dr. Byrne, and said that all he had said of him referred to himself. Dr. Dwyer then proposed the ' Clerical and Lay Visitors,' coupling the names of Dr. Sheehy, Father John Ryan, S.J., Mr. John Meagher, and Mr. Frank Clarke (member for the Macleay). He said many had come from long distances to be present at the Consecration, and he regretted that the seating accommodation was limited, and that some of his non- Catholic friends were in consequence not able to attends When a choice had to be made his own flock, of course, came first. Dr. Sheehy said that the mantle of Coadjutor- Bishop had fallen on worthy shoulders. The Bishop of Grafton made much of the fact that he had been in Australia for 25 years — he (Dr. Sheehy) had been 60 years in New South Wales. Father John Ryan, S.J. (Riverview), also responded in a happy speech. Mr. John Meagher stated that it was true that he came to Maitland to bury Dr. Murray. (Laughter.) But he was denied this melancholy pleasure. Dr. Murray appeared to be, like the eagle, growing young again, and appeared fresher than ten years ago, so that the pleasure of being present to bury him was getting more remote. Dr. Murray and he had been friends for the past thirty years. His Lordship had preached and laid the foundation- stone of the Vale-road Convent many years ago. He was admired by everybody. They claimed him as a Bathurst man. Mr. Meagher concluded with a eulogistic reference to the splendid feast provided by the ladies, and paid a tribute to their artistic skill, in decorating the tables. Mr. Frank Clarke said he was present in a three fold capacity, as a representative of the Assembly, as a fellow-student of the newly-elected Bishop, and as an Australian. As an Australian, he thought the elevation of a native-born to the mitre and the purple had been a grand event. (Applause.) Cardinal Moran, at the request of Dr. Dwyer, proposed the health of the clergy, both secular and regular, and coupled the name of Dr. Hand. Dr. Hand. V.G., who on rising to respond was greeted with loud and prolonged applause, said he felt rather embarrassed at having his name coupled with the toast. He knew, however, his Eminence was kindly disposed towards Maitland, and as far back as the sixties, although in Dublin, he was reported to have been connected with this diocese, or at least was doing work for the Maitland Bishop. He (Dr. Hand) could say, without being accused of blarney, that the priests in the Maitland diocese yielded to no one in their admiration and justifiable pride in the Cardinal's illustrious career. He thought the laity deserved a meed of praise as well as the priests with regard to the elevation of Dr. Dwyer to the Episcopacy. The only touch of sadness that obtruded itself was that it was an intimation that their beloved Bishop (Dr. Murray) was in need of rest and required a Coadjutor. He would, however, have the prayer of the priests, and he trusted that when his earthly labours had ceased he would be rewarded with an immortal crown. The Very Rev. Father Plunkett, C.SS.R., also responded. The next toast was the committee and the ladies, coupled with the name of Mr. M. Murray. Mr. M. Murray, in a neatly-worded speech, said that the exertions of the ladies deserved the greatest credit, and commended them highly for the splendid display they had made. With regard to his brother workers, Mr. Murray said he had never been connected with a committee that had worked so well as this one had done. He congratulated the diocese on getting such a zealous Coadjutor for their Bishop, and said that he would receive the co-operation of the laity in the future, as was the case in the past, (Applause.) This concluded the proceedings Continued on page 14, Continued from Page 10. AUSTRALIA'S FIRST NATIVE- BORN BISHOP. \---------***-------------- CONSECRATION OF DR. DWYER. THE CARDINAL'S RECEPTION AT MAITLAND. (From Our Special Reporter.) ADDRESSES AND CONGRATULATIONS. Monday evening at 8 o'clock was the time appointed for the reception of the clerical and lay addresses to Dr. Dwyer, and though admission was strictly by ticket, long before the Cardinal arrived with his brother prelate the Town Hall was thronged with people anxious to witness the proceedings. It was a happy thought on the part of those responsible for the arrangements that the stage should present a drawing-room appearance, and also that the speech making should be diversified with music. Mr. E. Vial's' Parlour Orchestra played several enjoyable selections throughout the evening. The vocalists were Miss Petersen of Newcastle, and Miss Boyle, both of whom delighted the large audience. The former sang ' By the Fountain,' the latter ' Ecce Homo,' and as an encore The Last Rose of Summer,' which was given with exquisite voice and taste. Miss Mollie Dwyer (sister of Bishop Dwyer) played the accompaniments. The occupants of the stage were his Eminence the Cardinal, Bishop Dwyer, and the venerable Bishop Murray — looking proud and happy in the circumstances — and Bishops Torreggiani and Doyle ; Bishop Byrne and Bishop Higgins having been compelled to leave Maitland earlier in the evening. ADDRESS FROM THE CLERGY. The Very Rev. Dr. Hand, V.G., addressing Dr. Dwyer, said : May it please your Lordship, — Before fore reading the address, a copy of which I hold in my hands, you will please permit me to say a few words in explanation. When the good news of your appointment to the Coadjutorship of this diocese became. known to the clergy, the senior priests met and resolved to call a general meeting of all the priests. At that meeting every priest of the diocese who was within reach of us was either present or his views were represented. The object of the meeting was to give expression to the satisfaction we felt at your elevation and appointment. The resolutions expressive of our feelings were carried with absolute unanimity. It was resolved that we should mark our satisfaction at your appointment. For the present we have to be content with the time-honoured address and testimonial. Other opportunities of proving the sincerity of our feelings shall not be wanting, nor shall the hearty good-will and co-operation of the clergy fail you. At the same meeting it was resolved that I and the other two senior priests of the diocese, Very Rev, Fathers Corcoran and Nealon, should be the representatives of the clergy in presenting to your Lordship their address and little gift of gold. The words of the address are simple and the gift perhaps small, but in keeping with our means. I can assure you they represent a large amount of sincere affection and respect. The address reads : — ' May it Please Your Lordship,— We, the priests of the Diocese of Maitland, with whom you have been so long associated in the work of the sacred ministry, offer you our sincere congratulations on the High dignity that has been conferred upon you in your elevation to the Episcopate, and we assure you that we shall most loyally co-operate with you in every good work you undertake for the promotion of religion and education. It is a source of deep gratification to us that the Holy See should honour this diocese by selecting one of its own priests to succeed our venerable Bishop in the guidance of its destinies. In the person of your Lordship, we feel that our beloved Bishop has a Coadjutor well qualified by learning, prudence, piety, and energy to assist him in the administration of the diocese, and to watch over and extend the many important educational, charitable, and religious institutions so happily inaugurated and established by him. Your former position as Diocesan Inspector of Schools, and more recently as President of the Sacred Heart College, with your intimate knowledge and practical experience of the working of our Catholic schools, is an assurance that the cause of religious education in this country will derive much benefit from your inclusion in the Hierarchy. In the elevation, for the first time, of a native-born Australian to the episcopal dignity, we welcome a fresh proof of the growth of our holy faith and the deep root it has taken in this land. Educated as you have been, here and at Dublin, in the best traditions of the Irish Church, and completing your studies in Rome, the centre of Catholic truth, we are confident that your Episcopate will be distinguished by the virtues characterestic of the children of St. Patrick in every land — undying attachment to the Faith, and devotion to the See of Peter. We ask your Lordship to accept the accompanying gift as a small tribute of our esteem. Begging your blessing, we remain your devoted servants in Christ, — Patrick Hand, V.G., Patrick T. Corcoran, T. A. Nealon, Eug. O'Neill, C.SS.R., Patrick O'Leary, P.P., Edmund, M'Grath, Peter Meagher, P.P., J. T. Clancy, Thomas Rogers, C. J. M'Auliffe, John Foley, W. E. O'Reilly, J. Flynn, Francis O'Gorman, J. O'Donohoe, John O'Reilly, P, J. Flanagan, P. J. Roche, Jas. C. Meagher, Patrick Cullen, Michael Quinn, Patrick O'Regan, P. Cogan, M. Kiernan, E. J. Gleeson, W. Sullivan, F. D. Kilgallin, P. C. M'Cormack, M. F. M'Aulife, M. Costelloe, P. J. Murphy, Hugh Cullen, J. Tierney, John O'Flynn, F. D. M'Auliffe.' The Very Rev. P. T. Corcoran here handed his Lordship, on behalf of the clergy, a cheque for £105. Dr. Dwyer replied as follows : My dear brethren in the sacred ministry, — There are occasions in the life of a man when not only does speech seem weak to express thoughts and feelings, but even the feelings seem to fall behind in their duty. Such was the occasion of which the great Saint and Prophet of God, Jeremias, said : 'Et dixi, a, a, a, Domine Deus, ecce nescio loqui, quia puer ego sum.' And such, in its inferior measure, do I feel the present occasion to be. You will therefore understand that I am fully conscious of my inability to do justice by my words to the momentous occasion which your beautiful address solemnizes. The occasion is a momentous one for me, as well as for you. So sudden an elevation to so great a height is calculated to cause dizziness in the head, and thus obscuring the vision give reasons for misgivings as to the future. But I have the consolation of being able to reflect that in this elevation I myself have taken no active part, that I have not desired it, and that, if I have not opposed it, my motive has been — first, the uselessness of such a proceeding, and, secondly, the unwisdom of setting up my own judgment against that of my superiors. In this matter in fact I have acted as I have tried to do in all important matters of priestly life. I did not ' love to choose and see my path,' but preferred to have it marked out for me. (Applause.) Now that the Vicar of Christ has finally approved of the choice that was made by yourselves, Rev, Fathers, in the first instance, I can only bow my head and say Ecce servus Domini, fiat mihi secundum verbum tuum. It is not, I assure you, without fear and trembling that I utter these words ; for I know myself much better than others know me, and knowing I fear the possible consequences of those deficiencies which you and others have kindly overlooked. I dread lest ' in that fierce light which beats upon a throne,' the qualities by which I stood approved to you in private life may fade or wholly disappear. But on the other hand your noble address sounds to me a ringing Sursum corda. (Applause.) I need not go past the opening words, ' We, the priests of the Diocese of Maitland.' It is no small matter that these words are to be taken in their full and simple meaning. As I understand, the address is the unanimous voice of the united body of the priests of this diocese. It is, therefore, though quite a voluntary act, yet a very solemn one, being a free promise of loyal co-operation on the part of the whole priesthood of a diocese. With so encouraging a cry ringing in my ears, I can no longer give ear to voices of doubt and misgiving. (Applause.) As long as I shall hear those words as I hear them to day, ' We, the priests of the Diocese of Maitland,' I shall fear no foe nor dream of any failure. (Applause.) You may think I am making too much of a small matter, but I cannot admit that I am. I value so highly the blessing of unity among a body of priests, I know how easy, how natural, how human a thing it is for discords and divisions to come in and stay, that I candidly declare I would rather have this declaration and proof of your complete unanimity than any gifts however costly. (Applause ) Did not one of the heroes of Christianity say that with twelve good priests he would convert the world ? And may not I hope to do something worth doing as long as I am strengthened by your unbroken adherence ? (Applause.) I do make much of your hearty cooperation, and for fear anyone might suspect that the words of a ceremonious address do not always mean what they say, I say here and now that though I received many congratulatory messages — messages from high prelates and from distinguished persons, no fact in connection with those messages gave me more genuine pleasure than this, that I received one from every priest in this diocese. (Applause.) For this I am deeply grateful, and to you who have cultivated this vineyard of the Lord through long years with so much dignity and with such success ; to you whose blameless priestly lives, whose enlightened zeal and genuine Christian charity have made the name of Maitland known through out the land ; and to you also, my younger friends, whose future is before you, and whose youthful vigour gives good promise that in the years to come progress and advancement shall continue to be the mottoes of this diocese. (Applause.) I have to thank you, moreover, for a substantial gift, a something which you no doubt deemed necessary to give reality to the words of your address, and for the work of art in the address itself, which is certainly a thing of beauty. These gifts I accept with the most sincere gratitude for the open-hearted generosity which prompted them — a noble trait of that grand old Irish race to which you nearly all belong. (Applause.) And do I not belong to it myself? Yes! I am proud to say that my name and race and family are Irish (applause), and as it has been my good fortune to be born in fair Australia, I can fairly claim connection with both countries. (Applause.) But there is no opposition between the two, Ireland and Australia in matters of religion stand in the relation of mother and daughter, and I ween that a son does not honour his mother the less, if, while devoting his life to her, he bestows some of his affections on her parent. As an Australian, I cannot but rejoice that one of Australia's sons has been for the first time honoured with the high dignity of the Apostolic Office, and I trust you will all earnestly pray that the honour thus conferred on our country in indigno haerede non deficiat. (Applause.) I have been made a Bishop in order to help the venerable ruler of this diocese in his declining years. This is not the time to dwell on the claims the Right Rev. Dr. Murray has on the gratitude of the priests of the diocese which he has created. But I am confident that you will support me in saying that we all hope to be his coadjutors for very many years to come, and I will do my best to fill the first place in that high and holy work. (Applause.) The address in its beautiful artistic form I will keep as a valued treasure as long as I live. The munificent gift of money I will devote to objects worthy of the purpose for which it was given. (Applause.) You ask for my blessing. I give you this one — May God, in whose hands we are, keep us united as we are to-day for the honour of His Holy Name, and the good of the souls He has committed to our care. ADDRESS FROM THE LAITY. Dr. W. D. Power, J.P., before reading the address from the laity, said : My Lord, — As one who for a number of years past has made his home in the Maitland district, has entered into the everyday life of the Catholic people here, and may therefore be credited with some knowledge of the people's feelings, I am sure I may be permitted to give utterance to a few remarks on my own account in discharging the happy task entrusted to me by the Catholic laity of Maitland. (Applause.) If nothing else justified it, the unique occasion of hailing the first Australian born prelate would be more than sufficient. But in addition I claim the right to express in brief terms the heartfelt gratification which I share with the rest of your people that the Holy See should have responded to the request of our good old Bishop, Dr. Murray, by giving him as his Coadjutor and episcopal heir — if I may use the term — a young man known to us all so intimately as your self. (Applause.) Our pride as Catholics in obtaining the distinction of providing the first Australian born Bishop would be incomplete were we not conscious that the pride was more than equalled by our joy at seeing that you, who have grown up in grace and a wisdom beyond your years in our midst, have been marked out for the high office of pioneer to the noble episcopal army which Australia is destined to give to the Church. (Applause.) I could say more of my own personal acquaintance with your Lordship — an acquaintance which has afforded me ample means of discovering why you have grown in the love and esteem of everyone — (applause) — but I should be merely telling an oft- told tale. I shall therefore content myself with presenting you with the address in which, the laity of the Maitland diocese express their sentiments of joy and pride and hopefulness at your elevation to the Episcopate. (Applause.) 'To the Right Rev. P. V. Dwyer, D.D., Coadjutor- Bishop of Maitland, on the occasion of his Consecration. May it please your Lordship, — 'With feelings of love and veneration we, the Catholic laity of the Diocese of Maitland, desire to offer to you our heartfelt congratulations on your elevation to the Episcopate. We rejoice that a gifted son of our fair land has been raised to the exalted and responsible position of Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. You are the first of Australia's sons called to wear the mitre, and we are exceedingly proud that the honour has been bestowed on one so worthy of the dignity. You have been chosen from our own diocese by the priests among whom you have laboured, and to whom your personal worth and piety, your culture and ability, are intimately known; and it gives us great satisfaction that our Holy Father, Leo XIII., has been pleased to confirm their choice. For upwards of thirty years, our venerable prelate, Dr. Murray, has presided over the destinies of the Church in this diocese, and under his guidance great works have been achieved for the furtherance of religion and education. But the weight of years now presses upon him, and he needs assistance. To his side you have been sent to relieve him of some of his cares, anxieties, and responsibilities. For this task you possess a special aptitude. As secretary to our beloved Bishop you have become acquainted with diocesan affairs, and as Inspector of Schools and President of the Sacred Heart College you have gained knowledge that will be invaluable to you in the high office in which you have been placed. Added to this, you. bring with you experience gained during several years' sojourn in Ireland and Rome. We pray that your appointment may prolong the life of our venerable Bishop, and that you may long be spared to guide us by your example and counsel, and we beg to assure your Lordship that, in everything tending to advance the interests of the Church, you will always receive from us respect, filial obedience, and hearty co-operation. Respectfully asking your blessing, and begging you to accept our humble offering, we are, your Lordship's affectionate people. (Signed) W. D. Power, on behalf of the laity.' Mr. Michael Murray, J.P., on behalf of the laity, then handed to Dr, Dwyer a cheque for £445. His Lordship replied as follows : — Dr. Power and Gentlemen of the Laity, — The beautiful address you have just read and the princely gift you have just handed to me are a splendid testimony of the spirit of faith flourishing in the people of this great diocese and of their devoted attachment to the Rock of Ages, the See of Peter. (Applause.) But a few months ago the venerable pastor who has ruled us for well-nigh a full generation announced that owing to his advanced age and failing strength he no longer felt equal to bear alone the burden of his weighty office, and that he had in consequence asked the Holy See to give him a helper. (Applause.) In due course the request was granted, and the helper chosen ; and thereupon commenced the preparations for the due and befitting inauguration of the new Bishop. Preparations were carried on by many hands, which resulted in the magnificent display in this city of Sunday's ceremonial — a grand triumph of Catholic Faith — followed by a noble demonstration of hospitality on the part of the ladies of the cathedral parish. (Applause.) And now comes the present triumphant demonstration of your Faith, your unity, and your charity. We realize that the preparations must have been as far-reaching as the bounds of the diocese, for the different parish districts have been represented in these festivities by specially-appointed delegates, and the address speaks in the name of the Catholics of the whole diocese, and the gift is made up of contributions of very many from far and near. (Applause.) Now all these offerings, many of them made no doubt with sacrifice, all these arrangements, all these details of preparation — running together like so many rivulets to form the current of a noble river — resulting in the grand celebrations we have witnessed, were all actuated by one grand Catholic principle— the principle that has kept the Catholic Church alive through the ages amid the surrounding decay of Faith — and that principle is attachment to the Holy See. (Applause. ) The plain fact at the bottom of it all is this, and none other could explain it, the voice of the Church's chief pastor spoke one word, and the rest followed as if by magic. (Applause.) That word uttered by the august Prisoner of the Vatican travels across the oceans to distant Australia, and everything is set in motion. The Cardinal Prince of Holy Church is brought to carry out its behest by the laying on of consecrating hands. The Hierarchy of the land come from far-off Sees to assist and approve, the Clergy of the diocese report the work to their faithful flocks, and these determine to show their ready obedience by contributing from their means to supply the new Bishop with an endowment. (Applause.) This is the wonderful machinery of the Catholic Church ; and its working in the present instance makes us say a fervent ' Thank God' that we are her children. (Applause.) The only mistake that I see in all these important doings is the choice that has been made of my own person. It was in the course of things that our Bishop should grow old. Sickness and old age are unfortunately inseparable companions, and therefore a Coadjutor was an unavoidable necessity. But I cannot yet reconcile myself to think that a mistake has not been made in the choice — (No, no) — and my only consolation in a matter which has now gone too far to be altered is, that I neither think myself fit to be successor to the Bishop of Maitland, nor have ever moved a finger, spoken a word, or harboured a wish to bring about such a result. (Applause.) Now, that is not my only consolation. There is another. It is the address you have just presented to me, or rather the fact to which that address bears witness, viz., that along with the Catholic faith, which flourishes in the breasts of some thirty thousand people in this diocese, there is also a devotion to the Holy See, and to those whom the Holy See appoints to rule them, which must ensure the success of any movement they undertake in common. (Applause.) In the consciousness that I have not intruded myself into my present position, and in the belief that your address represents faithfully the sentiment of the people of the diocese, I have a hope that under the Providence who watches with special care over those who trust in Him my unworthiness shall not impede His wise designs. (Applause.) I can now do no more than promise that I will strive to the utmost of my power to assist our beloved Bishop in the task of ruling this diocese, so as to promote to the utmost the greater glory of God and the salvation of the souls of all of us. (Applause.) The relations between me and the Diocese of Maitland created by my appointment and Consecration are of their own nature, permanent and unchangeable ; and the ring which has been placed on my hand as an emblem of fidelity must always remind me that I am no longer free to wander here or there, but must give all my services to the diocese to which I have been united. In this particular matter I shall find no difficulty ; for, I need not remind you, that since my first entry into the ecclesiastical state all my poor efforts, such as they have been, were for this diocese. (Applause.) And, although I have seen many other churches, and have had occasion of knowing their people, I say deliberately that I have never felt the sense of being at home when away from Maitland. (Applause.) You have alluded to the honour done the diocese by having one of its priests selected for the Episcopate, and the honour done to Australia by the appointment of the first Australian-born Bishop, (Applause.) I also rejoice exceedingly at the development of our ecclesiastical status, which has enabled the Holy See to treat Australia in the appointment of her bishops as a country arrived at maturity ; and I sincerely hope that in the ever-increasing progress of development the second Australian-born Bishop may be a great improvement on the first. (Applause.) The sentiment of Australian patriotism is quickly growing nowadays, and will no doubt nerve Australia's sons to do and dare great and noble deeds for their country's good. I need scarcely say that it is part of my ideal of a Bishop of the Catholic Church to be among the first in action and in sacrifice in any cause that unites good men in the service of their country, and I hope to live up to that ideal. (Applause.) But it may not be out of place on this occasion to advert to the fact that with the vast majority of Catholics in Australia — and Maitland is no exception — the mention of patria, fatherland, takes them away in memory over many leagues of ocean to that 'emerald gem of the Western sea' from which their fathers if not themselves had come. (Applause.) It is of the very essence of patriotism to turn men's affections back to the cradle of their race, to the land through whose history and traditions they feel themselves connected with a glorious past. (Applause.) Now, if this is true in general it is especially true in the case of Australian Catholics ; for when we ask ourselves whence have we received the priceless heritage of the Catholic faith, whence has come that grand living and active organism amongst us known as the Catholic Church, the voice of our fathers answer, from Ireland, (Applause.) The vast majority of our priests give answer, the nuns in our convents answer, the Bishops and the Archbishops and the Cardinal all answer, 'from Ireland.' (Loud applause.) Through the administration of faithful men and holy women who have repeated in the nineteenth century the history of Apostolic Ireland in the seventh, we are made sharers in the graces of the Christian dispensation. Therefore, we do well to cherish the love of that fatherland ; and, sad indeed will be the day when Australian Catholics come to forget the debt they owe to Catholic Ireland. (Applause.) One word more and I have finished. The weighty office to which I have been raised brings with it certain changes in dress and in address, and, I must say, with all due respect to the Episcopal rank, that I find it hard to get reconciled to the gems and gold and purple and the my- lording. (Laughter.) But I trust that these outward emblems of authority and distinction will serve for myself to remind me that I have become the servant of all, and that they will not deter the humblest person in the diocese from asking my services whenever they can be useful. (Applause.) I again thank you, my dear friends, for your kindly feelings towards myself. I thank each contributor to the splendid offering with which you enable me to commence my Episcopal career. I join earnestly in the prayer of your address, that my appointment may prolong the life of our venerable Bishop— (applause) — and as you ask for my blessing I give you this one : May the spirit of devotion to the Holy See and loyalty to its decrees continue to animate you and your children after you, and may you abound in all the blessings which the grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ is ever producing in the garden of His Church. Mr. John Walsh, of Dagworth, presented the following address on behalf of St. John's Guild: — 'To the Right Rev. Patrick Vincent Dwyer, D.D., Bishop of Zoara and Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. — May it please your Lordship,— On this auspicious occasion, the day of your Consecration, we, the members of St. John's Guild, approach you with sentiments of profound respect and veneration, to offer you our hearty congratulations on your elevation to the Episcopate, and to assure you of our prayers that the Divine assistance may sustain you in the discharge of your sacred duties. The members of our society who are of Australian birth rejoice that the Diocese of Maitland has been honoured in having as its Coadjutor-Bishop the first Australian raised to that exalted position, while the members who are Irishmen are equally proud at your Lordship's elevation, as, knowing you to be of good Irish extraction, they believe you are 'more Irish than the Irish themselves.' We all of every nationality consider your Consecration a happy omen for the Church, as we believe it will be the means in the hands of God of calling many of your countrymen to His holy service in the priesthood. Judging from your Lordship's zeal and devotion to your duties as a priest, from the interest you have taken in and the impulse you have given to Catholic education during the time you acted as Diocesan Inspector of Schools, and from your success as President in raising the Sacred Heart College to its present proud position among the great Catholic institutions of the colony, we feel sure that you will, by your zeal, ability, and wisdom, not only preserve what has been achieved in the interests of religion and education by our venerable Bishop, Dr. Murray, but meet and provide for the exigencies of the Church in this diocese as they arise, aided, of course, by the wise counsel of the venerable Bishop of Maitland ; and when the time arrives—which we pray may long be deferred — when God in His wisdom will call our venerable and beloved Bishop to his reward, we feel sure that you will prove yourself a worthy successor to so holy, zealous, and learned a prelate. Signed, on behalf of the members of St. John's A. H. C. Guild, John Walsh, Warden; Henry Bull, Bursar; Michael Murray, Trustee; Robt. Allsop, Trustee; Thos. Doosey, Secretary.' His Lordship replied : Gentlemen of the Guild, — Though you are comprised in the laity of the Diocese of Maitland, and are therefore represented in the address from the laity and also probably in their splendid gift, you have thought well that your Guild, of which you are so justly proud, should have its own separate voice in the congratulations that generous hearts are just now showering on my unworthy person. For the action of your body in this matter, and for the kindly feelings towards me which your beautiful address embodies in a most artistic form, I beg to express to you my most sincere thanks. (Applause.) There is one idea in your address which pleases me in a special way. You express a hope that my elevation to the Episcopate may be the means in the hands of God of calling many of my countrymen to God's service in the priesthood. (Applause.) In those words you have mentioned what is in my mind one of the most serious defects in our ecclesiastical life in Australia —the paucity of vocations to the priesthood, — and, since I realize the want, you may be sure that I will do my best to remedy it. (Applause.) I am particularly glad, however, to hear you speak of this proficiency, for the fact gives me hope that you yourselves in you capacity of fathers of families and elder brothers will do your part, which is a most important one, in fostering a vocation to the priesthood wherever you can find one. (Applause.) I have every hope that the Guild of St. John the Baptist will continue in the future true to its traditions, a standing proof that the Catholic Church, while she has as a primary object the salvation of the souls of men and their happiness in the life of the world to come, does not forget their welfare and advantage in this life. I promise you that in so far as my duty shall demand I will neglect nothing to forward the best interests of your Society, and I hope you may continue in the future as you have been in the past, a body that will reflect credit on the Church and be the channel of many graces for the souls as well as of temporal benefits for each of the men who are numbered on its roll. (Applause.) ST. STANISLAUS' COLLEGE EX-STUDENTS. In presenting the address from the ex-students of St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, Mr. Frank Clarke, M.P., presented apologies for absence on behalf of the Rev. M. Macnamara (Kogarah) and Mr. J. V. Casey, both of whom had to leave for Sydney at the imperative call of duty. Looking at the other beautiful addresses, he felt somewhat ashamed of the poor parchment he had been deputed to present on behalf of himself and the other fellow-students of Dr. Dwyer in the old St. Stanislaus' days. None of those students would ever forget that even in those early days Dr. Dwyer was looked upon as an example to them all. He then read the following address : — 'To his Lordship the Right Rev. Vincent Dwyer, D.D., Bishop of Zoara, Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. Right Rev. and Dear Dr., — While the Catholic Church of Australia with joy and acclaim welcomes your elevation to the Episcopate, the students past and present of St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, your old alma mater, may be pardoned if they deem this, the occasion of your Consecration, which has been accomplished with so much solemnity and splendour, a fitting time to join with the assembled Hierarchy and people in felicitating you on the auspicious event, and wishing you all the Divine grace necessary to sustain you in your high office. We desire to give expression to our joy that the priesthood of the diocese in the first instance nominated you Coadjutor to, the reverend prelate with whom you have been so long associated, and that the Holy See in further proof of its solicitude for the economy of the Church in this sunny clime ratified the choice and conferred on you the right to succeed to the dignity and responsibility of the Sacred office which Dr. Murray has adorned by his piety, his zeal, and his learning for well nigh a generation. But assuredly the incident of your elevation which most excites our pleasure and appeals to our sense of national pride is the fact that you are the first Australian priest who has been admitted to a place in the line of direct succession to the Apostles. In your person we feel that the fair land of Australia has registered its first claim to personal influence in the policy of Holy Church, and we cherish the hope that you may be the precursor of a brilliant line of Australian prelates who will labour to bring their native land under the benign influence of our pure and holy religion. Your contemporaries of 1875 hold pleasant recollections of your individuality and your virtues within the walls of St. Stanislaus', from under the shadow of whose pile so many Catholic young men have passed into the world to bear their part in life, and to them, in common with the students who preceded and followed, your life of pious devotion, followed by its splendid reward, will ever remain as an inspiriting example. Apart from your labours as a missionary priest, your effective work in the cause of Catholic education stands out as one of the distinguishing incidents of your priesthood, and entitles you to the veneration of our Australian Catholic youth. The ex-students of St. Stanislaus' take it as an honour and a pleasure to be allowed to furnish your official robes, and humble though the offering may be, they trust that it may serve to remind you of their desire to be remembered in your prayers. That Almighty God may give you life and strength to labour long in His vineyard is the sincere prayer of the ex- students of your old alma mater. We are, Right Rev. and Dear Doctor, yours affectionately, George Connelly, Frank Clarke, John V. Casey, J. E. Daly, W. M'Namara, J. M. Curran, John Weingarth.' His Lordship, in reply, said he had not prepared an answer to this address, but would do so at an early opportunity, because he regarded the presentation of that address, beautifully worded as it was, and the presentation of the gift of which it spoke so humbly, but which was not so humble in cost — he regarded that presentation as one of the best features of the celebration. (Applause.) The rich purple episcopal robes with which they had seen him enter the cathedral for Consecration on the previous day, and those with which they now saw him clothed, were the gift of St. Stanislaus' ex-students ; and in the matter of intrinsic cost he thought at least the ladies who understood the value of silk would prefer the robes even to the beautifully-illuminated addresses. (Applause.) When a man was reminded of his companions of 22 years ago he was apt to become enthusiastic. He could say this— that he felt proud of his early connection with St. Stanislaus'. The pupils of that college had always reflected the greatest credit on their Church and country. They had always done everything that could be done to promote a good public spirit amongst Catholic young men, and he hoped this spirit would continue to the end of their lives. (Applause.) His Eminence Cardinal Moran, on being asked to say a few words, spoke in glowing terms of the splendid reception which he and the visiting prelates had obtained at the hands of the Maitland people. It was an honour to their Bishop and Coadjutor-Bishop, and added dignity to the great diocese of Maitland. His Eminence referred to that period when France and Germany were steeped in barbarism, and when the rude barbarian tribes came down from the North they had to be civilized, and when the question was asked after they had become enlightened, what had brought about the change the answer given was that it was the Catholic Episcopate. In Australia we had notto formulate barbarism into a civilized people, He sprang, the speaker said, from a stock the most enlightened and gifted the world has ever seen. They should, as Australians, feel proud at one being raised from the priesthood and elevated to the Episcopacy, which would serve to show the great progress which had been made in this land. During the next few weeks Europe would be celebrating a record reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria. Of all the colonies over which her Majesty reigns with so much dignity and so much success, was not there a single colony which had made such rapid progress, so developed its resources, and proved so true to the traditions of Christian enlightenment as Australia had. Australia had given us statesmen of whom the world might be proud. His Eminence, in conclusion, again thanked the people for the splendid demonstration, and the entertainment the prelates had received. (Applause.) Bishop Murray (who was received with vociferous applause) also made a happy speech, thanking all connected with the Consecration, and referred to the relations which had existed between himself and his clergy for the past 31 years. His Lordship spoke also of the part taken in diocesan educational matters by the Coadjutor-Bishop and Father O'Donohoe. This was supposed to terminate the proceedings ; but most of the audience desired to seize the opportunity not only to pay their homage to the Cardinal and Bishop Dwyer, but to individually express their happiness at the recovery of Bishop Murray from a long and serious illness ; and as there was an assemblage of some 1500 present, for a considerable time the stage became the scene of an animated levee. It may be here stated that amongst other forms of congratulation of which Dr. Dwyer was the recipient were two cable messages— one from Clonliffe College, Dublin, the other from the students of the Irish College, Rome, in both of which establishments the young Bishop had been trained for the sacred office. The students of the Sacred Heart College, Maitland, over which Bishop Dwyer has so successfully presided, decided after conferring with his Lordship to defer the presentation of their address till their Speech Day at the end of the year, when they ' will have him all to themselves.' THE PEOPLE'S GIFTS. The pectoral cross and chain now worn by Bishop Dwyer were a present from Mr. William Dwyer, father of the Bishop. The cross, which, as will be seen from our engraving in this issue, is of Gothic design, and richly ornate, weighs nearly 4oz of 18-carat gold, and is three inches and three-quarters in length. The engraving on both sides is most artistically done, the ornamentation including the Australian waratah and flannel flowers, with shamrocks gracefully intertwined. In the centre there is a round shield of polished gold, with a representation of the Lamb in relief. The corresponding space at the back is designed for the holding of a precious relic — a relic of the True Cross — which the Bishop- elect received from the late Archbishop Reynolds, of Adelaide. The chain, a massive one of open curb pattern, is 20 inches in length, and weighs 6½oz. The cross and chain were enclosed in a polished cedar case, lined with cardinal satin, and fitted with a patient lock. The whole were made to order by Messrs. Hollingdale and Kessell, of Goldsmith's Hall, King-street, Sydney. The same firm also made the ring which the young Bishop received on his Consecration. The ring is a single-stone amethyst, 18-carat gold, weighing three-quarters of an ounce. The ' shoulders' are richly chased with shamrocks and scroll work. The ring is the gift of an old friend, Mr. Patrick Ward, of West Maitland. The ex-students of St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, which claims Dr. Dwyer as one of its most brilliant ex-students, presented his Lordship with a costly set of episcopal robes. The Dominican Convent was handsomely represented by a study cabinet of unique design and perfect workmanship, supplied by Messrs. Walker, Sons, and Bartholomew, of Bunhill House, George- street. The top is Gothic in its treatment, inscribed with the name of the distinguished recipient ; while panels above the cabinet proper are occupied by a mirror on either side of which are portraits of the Bishop and his father (Mr. W. Dwyer). Another gift from the same quarter is a beautiful shrine of Our Lady enclosed in glass, the background being exquisitely formed of satin. The three local addresses, we may mention, were magnificent specimens of art from the establishment of John Sands. DOINGS AT THE DOMINICAN CONVENT. We are compelled to hold over till next week an interesting account of the entertainment and presentation which took place on Monday at the Dominican Convent. \------------------------------------------------------ In connection with the blessing of the new chapel of St Vincent's Hospital, it should have been stated that Father M. P. Malone, hospital chaplain, in addition to a donation of £2 2s at the foundation- stone ceremony, gave £2 2s at the opening. Mrs. C. E. R. Murray's name should also have appeared last week as a subscriber of £1 Is. No attempt was made to give a full list of the recent subscriptions. The list will doubtless be published in some official form. 