LADI'S' SCHOOL. The distribution of prizes took plaee ti the school-room, 163 George-street, on Friday morning, when th?e Rev. A. E. Albiston, M.A., presided. The princi ral ('Miss Wilson, B.A.), read a very satisfactory report of the school's pro gress during the year. The following is the prize list: Class marks-Class 2, F. King; 3, I. Goodwin; 4, G. Hopwood; 5, D. Wells. Examination prizes.-English-Class 1, E. Milne; 2, L. Bradsbaw; 3, Isla Haywood" History and Geography-Class 2, F. King, L. Smith; 3, J. Haywood. Scripture- Class 2, L. Bradshaw; 3, M. Wathen; 4, Ivy Goodwin. Arithmetic- Class 2, L. Bradshaw; 3, I. Haywood; 4, H. Goodwin; i5, R. Whittle. Science- Class 2, L. Brad shaw;3, Ida Goodwin. French-Class 3, E. Goodwin. Latin-Class 1, L. Bradshaw. Essay-Class 2, H. Petterd; 3, W. Pin nington. Sewing-Class 2, E. Grigg; 3, E. Cato;4, Ivy Goodwin. Mapping-Class 2, C. Petterd; 3, D. Bradshaw 1, W. Thurstun 2. Recitation-Class 2, D. Brad sha,v; 3, D. Brickhill. Spelling-Jtuior class 1, 1. Smith. Conduct-Junior class 2, E. Beaumont. Writing-Class 2, F. King; 3, E. Robertson; 4, H. Goodwin. Music E. Whitelaw. IATROBE, Dec. 11. A bread ,and biTtter hall, in aid of prizes for the children attending the Convent School, was held in. the Odd fellohvs' Hall on Thursday evening, the attendance being very satisfactory. Refresh'ments were provided by lady friends, and cap'tal music by Mr. ond hMrs. Havenhand (violin and piano). A lengthy programme, of dances was gone through, and tibe proceedings .terminated shortly after 4 a,m. on Fri day. FRANKFORD, Dec. 11. Onr Thursday evening last the chil dren, under the direction of their teacher, gave their annual entertain ment di aid of the funds for the prizes. MIr. P. W. WeebI, J,P,, took the chaAr, end at a quarter to eight the enter tainmen¢t commenced by two of the girls reciting a piece entitled "Woman's Rigibts," followed by a chorus called "Flying," by all the children, with appropriate actions, which was very pretty. The next piece was "The Mistletoe Bough," by three little girls; another chorus by all the children, called "Fire irons;" t?fhen came a comic tragic story, and a comic advertise ment, supposed to be given by a Ger man, was much appreciated. A part song was also given, together with a recmitaltion' of geographical answers; and then the first part was brought to a conclusion by a song entirtled "The seven-headed giant." The prizes wre distributed by the chairman -to the succedaful candidates, including four very nice ones presented by the Hon. Thos. Relbey, M.H.A. After this a charade entitled "Oddities" was per formed by the bulk of the elder chil dren, and it caused grealt amusement, especially When a very real ghost ap peared, much to the consternation of a select party of ladies. Nigger minstrels also appeared. During the interval before the charade, iMrs. Watson and Miss Maggie Smitlh', also Messrs. Watson, Duke, Scott, and Reed sang some songs, which were very much. appreciated. A vote *of thanks was passed to friends who had helped, not forgetting Mr. Durand, who, kindly lent his piano for the occasion, and a very pleasant evening came to a conclusion, with a vote of tha.nk? to the chairman. SCOTTSDALE, Dec. 13. On Friday evening a musical enter- tainment was held at Jetsonaville in aid of the prize fund of the State school, the proceeds amounting to over £2 gross, which will be devoted to purchasing awards for the deserving youngsters attending Mr. Cheek's es- tablishment. Music was supplied by Mrs. Cheek, Mr. W. Bonner, and the mem.bers of the Orpheus Class, under the leadership of Mr. R. B. Eccleston. Readings (comic) were given by Messrs. Cheek and D. Beattie, and re- citations by Misses Hawkes and Win- ter. After the programme was got through refreshments, were handed round and done ample jusitice to. This item of the programme is a pleasing feature of these entertarinments, and also of the genuine hospitality of our Jetsonville friends. In thanking the audience for their attendance, and those who took a more prominent part in the pro- gramme, Mr. Cheek expressed the hope that next winter, when the Orpheus Club renewed its class, an evening would be devoted towards mutual im- provement, such as debates and read ing of original papers on subjects likely to create discussion of a profit- able character, so as to, enable the young people to become used to pub- lic speaking, and assist them in getting over the natural nervousness of young speakers. I might supplement these remarks by suggesting to Mr. Cheek to include in the programme next year recitations or musical items by the school children. By doing so it would assist them much to take their place when they grew up in the proposed mutual improvement and debating as sociation. 