VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. ST. FRANCIS' CHTJBCH. At the 11 o'clock Mass on Sunday last, at St. Francis', the Very Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.R., and the Rev. Fr. Pidgeon, C.SS.R., opened the mission In the presence of a crowded congregation. A procession, in which the Rev. W. Quilter, the missionaries, and acolytes took part, proceeded through the church, chanting the " Benedictus." Fr. Quilter said he desired to extend a warm welcome to the Redemptorist Fathers, who were well known not only In Victoria, but in all the colonies for their zealous work for the salvation of souls. The mission would be continued during the next four weeks, and he sincerely hoped that thie parishioners of St. Francis' would attend the exercises regularly morning and evening. A Missa Cantata was sung by the Rev. L. Martin. After the first Gospel, Fr. Pidgeon announced the order of the exercises as follows -.—Sundays, Mass at 7, 8, 9,10, and 11 a.m.; evening devotions at 7 p.m. Sermon after last Mass and evening devotions. On week days Masses will be said at 6, 7, 8, and 9 a.m.; evening devotions at 7.30 p.m. Instructions will be given after the 6 and 9 o'clock Masses, and a sermon each evening after the Rosary^ The rev. gentleman took for his text the following words from St Paul's Epistle to the Corinthians :—" Brethren, we exhort yoto that you receive not the grace of God in vain." ... Fr. Pidgeon, after dwelling on the advantages and extraordinary graces of a mission, explains! that there were three classes of persons for whom a mission was necessary, viz., the devout, the lukewarm, ^nd the indifferent children of the Church. There was an overflowing congregation in the evening, when the second sermon of the mission was delivered by Fr. O'Farrell The morning and evening exercises were well attended on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and there is every reason to liope that the mission will prove a gratifying *uc£ cess. I' ^ ANNUAL EXAMINATION OF THE DI0CESAJ£" SCHOOLS. ^ After concluding his examination of the schools in the Woodend parish, the Rev. W. Ganly visited St Mary's Boys' School, Kyneton (head master, Mr. F. A. Buckley), on the 12th Inst. A hig-h percentage was awarded, and the inspector's report was of a very satisfactory character, reflecting credit alike on the teaching staff and the pupils. THE LEAGUE OF THE CBOSS—ANNUAL PROCESSION. Last Sunday afternoon the annual procession of the combined branches of the metropolitan district of the League ofthe Cross 'took place at St Patrick'^ Cathedral, 3 and it was noticeable that a m^ch laiiger gathering than on forthe demonr •taWga&'iimgSB $oMd not have ft&i; Ma; (^iwwutrSoop persons not w- ttiaHy "engaged in the procession. flie contingents from j thfe suburbs began to arrive, and onaefr '- itoe capable direction of ! the grti^^eclSgtaiy <Mr. P.' F. Kavana^h) and hli iSBtair, were drawn, up ffi tha pofel&oiiaiBtisigned; fjliha^^M^bourne/^o^u^liMttfr f|»p have felt highly lighted with the immense, proportions of the demonstration, wasattended by the following priests:—Very Revs. Dean M'Kenna, Fr. O'Farrell, O.SS.R. (Ballarat), Prior Kelly, O.O.C. (Port Melbourne), and T. Lynch (St Kilda East), Revs. Dr. Graber (South Melbourne), J. M'Carthy (secretary to the Archbishop), J. Kennedy, S.J. (Richmond), T. M'Bnroe, S.J. (Hawthorn), W. Quilter (St Francis'), P. Phelan (Collingwood), B. S. Benson tfSouth Yarra), P. O'Doherty and D. Milcrphy (West Melbourne), H, W., Oleary (Ararat), J. Carroll (St Kilda West), T. Quinn (Carlton), J. O'Gorman (Clifton Hill), P. Gleeson (St Kilda), and J. Gleeson (Coburg). As "the hour ap- ! pointed for the start of the procession (3 o'clock) approached, the scene, viewed from a vantage point, was a brilliant and Impressive one, and a very lively gratification was experienced as the following branches formed Into processional, order :— St Patrick's and. St. Francis' (City), St. John's (East Melbourne), St. John's (Clifton Hill), St. Ignatius' (Richmond), St. Mary's (St. Kilda), St. Brigid's (Fitzroy), SS. Peter and haul's (South Melbourne), St. George's (Carlton), St Ambrose's (Brunswick), St. Joseph's (Collingwood), St Vincent's (South Melbourne Orphanage),. St Monica's (Footscray), and St Mary's (Williamstown). The order observed was the same as published in last week's Issue. The procession proceeded through the thoroughfares adjacent to the Cathedral, and finally entered the Cathedral. The large number of handsome banners and bannerets interspersed throughout the procession greatly enhanced the effect of the demonstration, which was allowed to be the most successful and imposing ever held since the establishment of the League by the Archbishop. Although the children were marched out to make room for the adult members, there was not standing room in the Cathedral, and the wish was expressed that the noble basilica were ready to receive the motley thousands assembled to advance the holy cause of temperance. Fr. O'Farrell having received the blessing of his Grace, who presided at the throne, delivered the occasional sermon. The preacher chose for his text the following words from St Paul's Epistle to the Romans, xiv., 17 : " For the Kingdom of God is not meat or drink, but justice and peace and joy with the Holy Ghost" He said they had come once more In their thousands to the Cathedral grounds to do honour, and add strength, to the great cause of Christian temperance. That day marked another year of growth and strength to their flourishing society, and another year's rich merit of total abstinence had been laid up in Heaven. What better illustration of his text could be afforded than to see the happy faces of so many children, the contented looks of those of maturer years, and the peace and joy in the Holy Ghost which pervaded the whole manner of the assemblage which had come to do honour to the great, the holy cause of temperance. He would remind them that although they had reason to be proud of that day's display, yet their minds should not be possessed by any narrow spirit They did not come impressed with the idea that they "were not as the; rest of men," but to vindicate a fundamental principle of religion, to pi$claim their triumph over the evil maxims of the world. He hoped to make plain their position and Christian aim by calling attention tD-three different classes of peepis^ffltosComposed the ranks of the <rff) ^hfS^ross, and afterwards fexamlfie tne. pHnciples and motives of ttememberai;, (The same principles class; and they would ufound to be principles that lay, at .-eTVsa^j foui^tion of the' Christian r'etigjioi,; rPpG^^a'ijm were those who, anxious "to-respond to the commands of divine charity, had in a spirit of sacrifice, and with a desire to do good ix> their fellow-men, joined the society. The second class were those who had joined from a wholesome fear of becoming, perhapB, at some future time, tire victims of Intemperance. It certainly was not as fine.a motive, as the other, but it was,, nevertheless, a, motive put before men by our Divine Lord, and sanctioned by Him. These people had seen the effecteof . rible vice, which destroyed, more than the sword ; they had seen, it might be, great minds Thought to ruin, the strongest constitutions weakened; and the happiest homes made miserable, and in. the Christian spirit of avoiding danger they had joined, the league lest In their own weakness thpy^apuld ;b§ gradually drawn into the toll?, 4iJii that Spirit of avoiding diffiiel^Miy had joined the League of! th6 f <tfdj8s.'r that-,was especially >Jhe .^motiRe'ithat directed . the children who'forjmed ithe ferfeofc' mfejdrity < the " leaguer v .';. preacher-hererelatedr^ .GjrecUwy dflfetoiy ™ ineajw; " "" "" '"* to excite horror and disgust against intoxicating drink in the. minds of the young. The' third claiss were those who had themselves been the victims'of Intemperance, but who, in a moment of grace and mercy, had been reached by the voice of God, and who had awakened to a Consciousness of. their own degradation. With noble courage they had burst the bonds to. enjoy a peace to which they were strangers in the times gone by. That class showed forth their faith In the simple eternal truth that the drunkard Would never possess the kingdom of God. The spirit of God was essentially a spirit of sacrifice and charity Was there not an opportunity, then, of exercising that spirit, and showing it forth to the world by joining the society, if only for a year ? That was the homage that would please God ; it would show that it was possible to be happy and joyous without that self-indulgence which so many were afraid to give up, and would establish the truth of that Christian principle that the kingdom of God was not of meat and drink, but in justice and peace. The preacher concluded by earnestly exhorting all to be faithful to their pledge, and then called on them to renew It, which they did una voce. The Archbishop, who was assisted by Dean M'Kenna and Fr. M'Carthy, gave Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament, which concluded the function. GEEL0NG. The annual meeting/of.*; Association of Children, jff held at the Convent 'of 10 Mercy on Sunday ladt'.- '-There to as' 'i good attendance of membf^Sy aiiiLiha-* election of officers resulted a^&Nofce; aa^otiofreSHM President, Miss Mansfield (re-eiectgii); vice-presidents, Misses r Carroll and H. O'Brien; treasurer, Miss Carroll; secretary, Miss H. O'Brien; sacristan, Miss Conway; members forming the council, Misses K. Kenny, K. Bourke, Walshe, Kennedy, Batters, Grace, Organ, T. Ryan, B. Kennedy, E. M'Mahon, Bradley, and Grant. BACCHUS MARSH. Not without reason have the number and variety of the religious teaching Orders of the Catholic Church been compared to the various kinds of flowers In a well-kept garden. The Sisters of St. Joseph would appear to have been instituted to meet a special want in this country, namely, Catholic schools in scattered and sparsely populated districts. Moreover, these daughters of St. Joseph do not confine their labours to their own sex, but take boys ; and it is a fine thing to witness the respect, amounting almost to reverence, with which the nuns are regarded by these children. The Convent of the Sisters of St. Joseph at Bacchus Marsh has the honour of having been the first foundation of the Order in this colony. The community of five sisters came from the parent house at North Sydney in 1890, and during the past six years the convent has given ample proof of its special fitness for the work in which it is engaged. At the Agricultural and other exhibitions, pupils from the convent school have gained a number of first prizes In the educational section, notably for mapping and drawing. Indeed, the fine specimens in this department our reporter had the opportunity of seeing would reflect credit on any school. A crayon drawing, " Magdalen at the Foot of the Cross," by Master Whelan gives indication of much ability. The convent and schools, with some five acres of splendid land, cost about £2500, and very little debt remains on the estate, thanks to the zeal and untiring energy of the pastor (Rev. D. Horan), than whom there is not a more popular and highly-respected clergyman in the colony. The number of pupils, including boarders, is 160. The day school (St Bernard's) is maintained by collections and the proceeds of the annual celebration of the National Festival. The church is a fine, lofty, and commodious one, and is in every way fitted to meet the requirements of Fr. Horan's flock, numbering about one thousand. Besides St. Bernard's, there are three other churches in the parish, viz., St Dominick's (Melton), St. Malaohy's (Blackwood), and St. Michael's (Blackwood West). •:> :i , '• j WOODEND,: \ ! The Very Rev. Fr. iialier, &M;:, aiid i Rev. Fr. Hegarty, C.M:, mvettefen S tog well attended;, miBslohs .in ;the i Woodend parish 'during the paft fort- I night. The final exerci^s'were given In St Ambrose's C&irch; last funday evening, wheh, Fr. Maher pre&ched; to p. .thronged qongrega^io^ i j It was noticeable tnat many non.43atho!ics ®fee tended thfe evenlngSrt utingthe mission.' selves ofthemlniflteatitHis iBeandfen; Fatt^^Ii^j^ ,f;the Vinh scarcely Tthe aacred >. v' Last Sunday, Fr. Hegarty opened a mission at the Sacred Heart' Church, Bast Trenthaih, which promises to be attended with Wghly satisfactory results. Fr. Maher co-operated onMonday. The exercises will be brought to a close on Sunday (tomorrow) with the Papal Benediction, and on the same day the parishioners of St. Mary's, Trentham, will be afforded tho benefit of the mission. 