THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FORDHAM. By B. L, FARJEON, Author of 'No. 119, Great Porter ^Sqpare,' M Grif,' 'The March of Fate,' For the Defence,' 41 Aaron the Jew/' ctc. CHAPTER XXXV. (CONTINUED.) I looked at my watch ; there wai nearly an hour to spare. 'When was it arranged that the three of you were to go together to the Continent?' ' Yesterday.' 'Last sight yon mean 7' ' Well, last night. Tbat is yesterday ' ll was Maxwell who suggested it ?' u After he had followed a certain person bimc from Maiame Loubert'e Bbop?' II You are well informed,' said Mrs Ford* L-bm, bitterly. 'There is very little in tnis rascally aflair,' 1 responded, 41 upon which 1 am not well iuformed, but it is alwa.i s satisfactory to roctive confirmation. 1 have no farther questions to ask at present. What 1 require low is a plain statement of lucks. Relate what occurred after Maxwell stabbed you.' 1 dn not propose to s:t it down In Loois' ovvti words, Mrs Fordham wished to givu me tbo information, but 1 would not re ceive it from her, although it was to her eagerness to prove L* uia' inri03LE.ce that 1 was indebted forsone part of the disclosure. For tbo filling in of tbe narrative I am also indebted to tbe natural intelligence of a man who . knows bis business, tbat man. without any affectation of falsi modesty, being myself. The importance of this dis closure cs^inot be exaggerated, it fi icf up | the pups of t^e mystery, and n.adethe whole j thing clear. ' | I give the incidents in the consecutive order in which they occurred. Wbt-o Loujb f.-ll to the ground in the house in Byo-street, Matwcll and Morgan i believing hi in to bu dead eiool transnxed ! with fear, appalled by the tragic termina tion to their plan of robbery. Jack had Hushed from the room in terror, but this thev scarcely noticed, so engrossed were they , in feais for their own sifety. What aroused them were the sounds of a desperate light in the passage below— the light tbat was going on between Jobo Fordhain and Jack. Their impri psion was that iIjo.v had been watched, and that the police were upon them. If that w re indeed the ease, their peril could not have been greater, for, with tbe body of their victim on the ground, they would be c-ught red-banded. The conflict in the parage continued for several minutes, and it seemed as if one or mor«» of the com batants were md avoring io forec their way up&tAire.; Suddenly there was a lull— they heard the thud of a fallen body, and thi n the violent siamming of the street door. Fol 1 lowing that, a dead silence. II was long before they could muster suflicient courage to go from the room to ascertain what had takjn place. They took a light with them, and coming upon the body of a man they stooped to see who it 4 By God!' criod Maxwell. 'It is my brother in law, John Fordham t How did he conic* here I' atid then, 'What a slici of luck 1' I can almost hear Lira utter theas words as I write them down— and if he did not utter them he thought them, which I take it amounts 1 o the same ibiog. Quick as lightning he caw the opportunity of diverting suspicion from himself, and fixing the guilt upon an innocent man. Assisted by Uorgan, to whom probably 1m disclosed his plan, he carried Fordham's body into thcroom, took theknife with which he had stabbed Louis, and put in its place the gold-digger's knife he found in Fordham's sheath, sugaring it first with blood. Tbun he and Morgan removed tvery article whioh would draw suspicion upon themselves, an-f sio^e from the house to await the issue or events. Whether they kept watch upon tbr hou°c to s e what John Fordham would do lor they had ascertained th&t; he had only been flcuooed by Che f«U, sad w&e; eert&ia; to \ soon recover his senses— or went awa-* and : returned ofter an interval, is not niattrial Sufficient that they did return-— to find John Fordham flown, and Louis still lyin-r on tbe ground in a state of insensibility, and apparently dead. But the wound he ha-i received was not mortal, as we know. Hi became conscious while Maxwell and Morgan were quarrelling. Morgan, it appears, was under the impression that Maxwell intended to cheat him of his share of the spoil, and he was insisting npon a fair division then, and there. Maxwell refuseJ, and a stormy scene ensued, of which Louis was a witness though be did not dare to stir list the- should really make en end of hfm Fiotn - woros, the two men cime to blows, an i , Maxwell waij heard to threaten to servi Morgan as he had served Lonls. Bat Mor gan, thoroughly enraged, was not to be intimidated, and a savage struggle ccsaed — ending in Maxwell dealing Morgan a diatb stroke with the knife with which he ha- stabbc 1 Louie. In a paroxysm of fury he battered the face of the dead man and stamped npon i! ; and finally overturned tbe heavy table upon tbe body, and fled. Then, Louis, fearful lest the murder would b« fastened upon him, managed to rise and stumble fro'm tbe bouse unobserved. Tbe violence of tbe storm, which was raging furiously without, favored him, and he succeeded in making his way to a com mon lodging bouse, fr. q'uented by tbicveF and men of the worst character, to whom 'he sight of a man whe baH been engagt d it a difperate fl^ht was fhmfifar, There he remained in hidiog for a couple of days, h,. which time be was strong enough to leav* Liverpool and take train to London, wher are joioed his mother and was nursed by her. Meanwhile Maxwell had al«3 returned to London, devoured by anxiety, and by cnri'iFity to uscertaln what had beoome of John JTordhau], After keeping quiet for a week he' paid & ?i*it to Louis' mother, and was astonished lb' see J^ocis in her honse. As may be imagined he was 'not cordially i received, for Loois had given his mother a | true account of what had occurred. j At this juncture Maxwell's natural canning i —of which there are so many instance in Jobs Fordham's confession— came to bis aid. He profiled the greatest delight at Louis' escape, and the deepest regret that he had allowed his temper to master hita in their dispute over cardr. Concerning Morgan's death he pointed ont that Louis' peril was no less than Uie own, and that, if the worst should happen, it was not he alone whe would bo accused of the murder. Naturally, he argued, Louie would throw the crime upon him, and nataratly he woqld throw it upon Lou(s, ft was a fair assumption that his story would be believed before Louis' bccause of the wound which tbe latter had received, which people would say was in flicted by Morgan while defending bims.'lf agaioet the attack ma-Je upon bfm. These arguments were ttrocg enough to show tbe dangerous position ia which Louis stood in relation t-o the crimc. Maxwell then went On io eey that tlieir safety Jay in fixing the guilt opon John Fordba&i;, aud he related to them how tbat unfortunate miiq c^oie tn be entangled in the aflilr. Thebatrei they bore to John Fordham iodncid tbem to listen with avidity to the villainous proposal, and they bailed with pleasure the oppor tunity of bnog re* ^ngud opon him. ' He believes 3*ou to bs sgjd Max well to Louis. ' L^t bim test ia that belief All you have to d-j is io k.-ep quiet. If, ae 1 suspect, he is ia L-iadou, 1 wilitrack him down. By Bifbara's death a large sum of money has reverte4 to bim. Let mo but euccesd in finding him, and I will bleed him of every shilling. You need not be seen ; ' I will da the dirty work, and yon shall share tbe plander,1' The temptation was irresistible, and a peace was patched up between them. By what meaos Maxwell discovered John Fordham in biding ia London under ao assumed name, and bow he worked npon the unhappy man's feelings till the poor fellow was beggared, are Jqlly explained by Fordham himself in his oau feesion. Thus, step by step, was the whole mystery revealed, I had good reason to be satisfied with my work, though something still re mained to be done. When his story was finished Loglp looked Anxiously at me, bat. V was eilcnt, hiving a mind to play with him a bit. ' 'It proves* my innocence doejn't Ji f ' he asked at length. I '? 1 believe it docs,*' I'anewered, 41 The I question is, will others believe it 1 You i see. Maxwell' will stick io hie itory at jon will stick to yours. He is not likely to'bF.re any feeling of tenderness towards his betrayers/' 'Do you see whf-t yop l^^ye done, yoa fool J'' cried Mrs Fordbakn. '^Ton ? Jjayp eot that beast John free, and you haye' pd]b a halter round your , neokf We have been tricked— tricked f' Bbie looked laboat her Louis trembled tn every limb. [ 1 smiled amiably at her.'^w Inithit' nice Liverpool patty of ypnrs there cirere four men— _you?*axwell, ' j ' ' Jack 1' his' cribd. my l innocence, He saw Maxwell stab tne f * 41 Yes' I'sald, 41 he is the only tnan who can back up your story and save you from , Maxwell. If he coold be found now, and be I Induced to spebk the~trnth 7,,f- r I ' He must be found,11 eoreamed ^jppis : [ ' he most be 1 For God's sake^ivejua some thing to drink, or I shall bo Into .a fit I' His mother 'flew to ' The sldlroar^,' ! nd | poured brandy into a glass, which she held I to his chattering teeth. I I enjayed the sight— I don't deny it— and, had it not been that time was drawing near xorine appearance oi Maxwell upon the setae, I bave po hesitation in Admitting that I should have prplaugedsi.be agony. My blood fairly boiled withm.inc «« I e&ted; opon . ibe terror-stricken wretches, and thought ol the snfferings they had inflicted upon John For.iham. 1 controlled my feelings, however, and applied myself steadily to the business! had in hand. '« Talking U dry work,'! haid. f? Being to a manner -of speaking'your guests, At would be politeness on your part to pass the bottle round.' v \-- i seoond that,*' said Bob Garllck, musing his tongue over his lips.,, r . The woman took no notice ofttBJilnt, but Louis stumbled eagerly iforward,andh*eld oat the bottle to me. If J. had not taken in stant bold of it a lot of -good* liquor ^would havtf been wasted, his band was so shaky, Wc helped oarselves, and felt the better for it, and then 1 said: r~; 11 1 don't drink st anyone's^expenso— except in the way of friendship— wiihou*; paying for it. I am going to pay for tbe drinks, snd to prays to yoc' ibat'yofa Thwe' actcd wisely in trusting ns. $#^ahave called your ton a fool, Mrs Fordbmftlnd it Would be rade to contradict a iady^ Perhaps be is something worse than that, but 'at all events he has nut been-a fool to- night. .Had he followed your advice the pair 'of you*1 would haye seen the inside of prison walls. As it is, he has saved you and himself.- Do you think we left Jack out of the reckoning f No* a bit of it. At this present moment he is within twenty yards of tis, waiting for 1 oriers. aud it is a good job tbat his account. , -£ the stabbing tallies with that wo have1 just heard, 1 shouldn't like to have such a i record as yoars, Mr Louis', to my soore, bat ' rhere will be no charge of murder brought ] against you Shis is all you care for, I t x- : I pect, never mind what happens to anyone I else,' . « I His eyes literally flashed with joy when ' he heard this, and Mrs Fordham drew* Jong, i deep breath of relief. She would have made ; almo&t; any sacrifice to save both men, bat' 1 ] Luuls came first That is the Way with | mothers, even when they are the worst of 1 women. '? Is the liquor paid for f ' I asked. 'Yes, yes,' Louis replied. 'Take some more.' 1 put the bottle aside, and held up my' tiand, -£or jast then wb beard three single raps at tbe street door, a short interval te^wconeach. Then, altera longer interval, bre i rapid knocks. 'Is that Maxwell's signal f' 1 whispered ' Speak low.' i * Yes. , » Do yon have to say anything ? Must 4ie \ hear your voice ?' ' 11 Yes. And I must htar bis.' ' Go and say It, then open the door, and Jeare tbe rat to at. We -shall he behind you.' ? I did not irnst her even then, yon see. ; We stepped softly ont of the room, Mrs . Fordham first, and we at her heels. The passage was dark ; 1 would not allow her to carry a light. - I ' Who is there?' she asked. j The answer came. 11 All right, U.' Sie was in such a state of agitation that she fumbled at tbe lock, i put my band warninglyon her shoulder, and the door was I opened. j ' What did yon keep mc so long for? ' j cried Maxwell, as he entered. ' Ii tbat you, ' Louis f Everything's ready. What the — ' B^orehe contd get out another wori he was s?iz id at d handcuffed. I blew my whistle, and Jsick came up. Directing him in an undertone to remain* in the passage till 1 'tailed for him, I followed Wheeler and Bob GarJick into the room where they had een* veyei their prisoner, Mrs Fordham having run ia first. She was panting as though sho I had lost her breath. Maxwell had siid I nothing more in the dark passage, his im* I pression b-inp, of course, tbat tbe po'ice were upon him, and that silence would best serve him. When I entered he was safe in the grasn of my asdietants, and was glaring at Mrs Fordhamund Louis, neither of whom ba4 the courage to meet bis eye, ''Have yoa searched him ?' I asked of my assistants. They shook their heads. ' Well, let us ssc what be has in his pockets.' We tnrncd them ont, the slight rcsistacce he was alle to make being of no avail, There was a loaded pistol, money, keys, and ot her oddments, and a pocket book contain ing letters and memoranda. Some of the letters were old and some recently written. Among the old letters were two signed by Morgan before the Liverpool affair, the con tents of which proved the association of the two men for the purpose of robbing Louis. Tbe recent letters were from Mrs Fordham, and my hurried perusal of them left no ! doobt as to the nature of the intimacy between her and Maxwell. It was a ticklish position for a woman— on one side a lover, on the other a son whom she worshipped; bat she had made her choice, ~and there was no I retreat for her. While I was examining $he letters there was no sound in the foom except the rust ling of the p4peft. The truth dawned slowly Rpon Maxwell, and his faco grew j darker and darker a« he igaesd upon the forms of his confederates. He could no longer control himself. ' — — Jon all I' he cried. 'What is the meaning of this?' . , 11 You are charged with the murder of a man yoa knew by the name of Morgan in Liverpool, I replied. ' It's an infernal lie !' he shouted. ' And you— what have yautosay to It?' Head* dressed this question to Louis and Mrs Fordbam, but neither of the two answered him. ' So,' he said, between bis teeth, i while a deadly pallor spread over his features, I ' you have laid a trap for .me, nf ter all I have done to save you. There stands the I murderer — witn a nod of bis head towaros I Loois—1 ' and J am ready to give evidence against him.' ' What lrtnd of evidence ?' I asked. ' Tbe evidence of an eye' witness,' he said, I saw him do it— saw bim strike Morgan down I' *' Ah,' said 1, and I stepped to the door, and bepkoned ^jack (n. ' ''Wliat do yon think of yonr ghost oqw, Jack V' His face beamed, and then his ryes wandered from Louie to Maxwell. ' Don't you kaow an old pal when you see him ? ttut J forgot. He has Fomething on him which do s not properly belong to him,' - ti And as 1 6poke I plucked theJalae beard and whiskers from Maxwell's faoe. »- ' Maxwell 7' cried Jaek. Then the murderer knew that tbe game Was Iggt, That very night, after lodging Alixwell in prison aod la\ing the information against him, I paid a visit to Ellen Cameron. It' £?ag past tnidn'gbt when I readied her lodg ings. bi}t I Ijdcw gbc wonldn't mind that when she heard £bet}C^$i fcrqaght. Luckily tbe landlady of the housj was up', qr J should have had A-me troublc^n obtaining admittance ; she had a birthday party, and thev wero merry making. 1 explained to b-.r that J had some wonderfully good news to communicate to her lodger, qod sfao 41 wwca me iq go vo ner rooms, miion's voice trembled as she answered my si^mmons at her door, and trembled more when she heard who her visitor was. I called to her nottq be frightened, but to dress herse'fqaickly. - ' G90J news I' I cried. 41 The best of good - news)' I was soon admitted, . What a picture of ncatneu that room was, 'and how sweet aqd Eretty Ellen looked, despite tbe trouble she ! ad gone through J I declare a lump rose i io mv throat as I looked at her— but there I | another man had got her, and was worthy ' bf b-Tt and she of him. j ^'e ^pV^Ti'W, because her boy Viia nslocp ia the ne*t rocn^. at J as she lisk-ae'd to the; story I -had to rcjftte toir& of joy ran down her beautiful face. 1 finished, and rose to go. 'John is to be broaght up to ta arrow.' I said, ' and to morrow he will be fr?e. Come to my officQ at half -p^st nine in the morning, and we will go to the court together, ,1 know you would like to be there to welcome bim. That is one of my reasons for coming Uene at such an hour. Another reason is, {halt i thot^ht it would be a sin if I lost a pi flrtn| yon the pod. news/u ghe fell upon her knees, and buried her facc in her hands. Tears were in'iny eyes, toe, as I.wae stealing out of the rbota. Bat' she sprabgto herfeefand caught ymy -hand* and kissed It,. T s 'Bow can wc repay you— how ^an we' repay yoaJ'«he sobbed. ?'] ata-^epalil ^already,' ' I said, and 1 prcsBcd'&er; hatidand left her. And, indeed, in one way I 'was^ore -ilmh' re]-aid. You know the stir the case made in the papers, and the flattering things that were said of my skill— which., I too modest to eet down here. My proceedings were not perhaps cxactly jegniar, *nd it is quite likely that Scotland .Yard* would rather have bad thp credit of bringing the mystery to light, - I doubt if they jyould 1 have suoceeded^bad .it been left ftvtheifoj And as torvrhat l did^and the way I did it ; —well, nothing aucceeds'like success, ?- 1 became famons^ freally, Aad the4)USL-: new tnac oocsod opon mc I I am; is 'a fair - way of making my fortune. No need to go on the stage. All this happened twelve months ago. John and Ellen are in Australia, doing Veil/ and as happy as Birds in summer-time. We write tq each other regularly, and they arc continually, sending me little 'presents. Pleasant, isn't it to feel that, though many ?thousands of miles arc between us, we shall hold one another in affectionate remem brance to the last day of our lives ? And then, would you believe it, a week or two ago I 'was'ihtroduoed to a young lady so like Kllen that they might be sisters. The moment I set eyes on her my UeaTt went twenty to the dozen, and—, But that has nothing to do with this story. [The End,] 