NOTES AND COMMENTS. A Menzies paper writes :—" The death of a printer in Menzies for the first time here caused intense regret amongst the fraternity." For the first time, eh ? How many times does the patient snatcher of type handle the box before he throws his final seven in the North. Our friend the "Cornish Post" is rightly indignant at the following paragraph which it republishes:—"Ganon Hammond, on page (56 of his ' History ' (says Sir Bichard 'j angye), joins in the slanderous insinuations against the fair fame of the Cornish people, where he says, ' One is often told, as proving the steadiness of a young man, ihat he neither drinks nor smokes. He may have half a dozen illegitimate children, but that is quite a different thing : that's ; natur. ! Writes a London paper : - " Mr John D. Fitzgerald is writing some useful informatory articles respecting Australian Federation in the L ndon ' Daily Chronicle.' They seem to us conceived in a very fair and impartial spir.t. :! John D. is a brother of the famouscircus and show of wild animals of the same name. He was a compositor, but through no fault of his own dwindled down to a member of Parliament. He is the man who. at a labor convention in Ballarat a few years ago. called for "Three cheers for Jesus Christ— the first true socialist and fri nd of the worker." He has brains. Which is provtd by his abandonment of " hard yakker.' It was 110 degrees in tbe shade in a sandy corner of the gold colony (writes Moab"), when Father O'Toole called to christen M'Flynn s last baby. 11 Where is the water?" asked the priest of the mother. " Sure there's niver a dhrop in the place till me husband fetches it home," said Mrs M'Flynn : " but perha; s your riverence could heave a dhrop or two aff your holy brow; &u; e 'tis only a little spalpeen." " Woman," said Father O'Toole. with dignity, " there is no such thing as sweating in the priesthood. We'll have to put him through by dryblowing !" Sir John Forrest had his fortune told at a recent Lnndon garden party by a clever palmiste in a scarlet peignoir, with golden hair drooping in the direction musically assigned io it. Sir John's hand was described as that of a traveller who r.ever knew when he had gone far enough, who was benevolent and eminently fitted to play the friend of man so long as none was needed. Tee most remarkable indicafion in the Premier's solid palm was that of longevity, which, strangely enough, is a trait exhibited by the fatnilv. Sir John's father, Mr William Forrest, being still alive. " You may live to be a hundred," remarked the blue-eyed seer. A hundred I Another forty years of Forr. £t ! There are various ways of facing calamities. A correspoudeut of the Bombay Gazette" vouches for the following incident concerning the recent earthquake in India : —" On asking our head babu what he did when he felt the earthquake he replied, 1 Well, sir, I ran into the room where my wife and o'd mother were, to find them so frigh'ened that they could not run, so I commended them to God and ran outside myself.'" A philosophic spirit is one of the best of the gifts of the gods in life's tribulations. The following "fake" par is going the rounds of the English press:—Western Australia has been exceptionally prolific in the matter of congratulatory Jubilee addresses to the Queen. If brevity be' the soui of wit, then the people of Cue should be awarded a high degree. Their address runs : ay it please your Majesty : In the name of the Lord we wish you good luck." Now who was the pious author of this ? Surely it seems as though our respected visitor William Traylen ha-i a hand in it ? I sincerely trust the Premier will not have to read this aloud. Fancy, wishing Her Majesty " good luck!" It sounds almost as in apropos as would that ancient shellback toast, " Here's the skin off your nose, and a fair wind down Channel!" As evidence of the warlike spirit of Japan, a writer in the " Singapore Free Press " narrates how he saw hundreds of Japanese children "perhaps about fourteen years of age," being drilled with magazine rifles, and younger ones with smaller weapons. But it is just possible that the writer was deceived by appearances, for the Japanese, like • the Goorkhas in the Indian Army, seldom Sook more than boys. At a fete in London some 'ime ago "this Japanese juvenility of looks led one youth into a painful mistake, for he patted the li^ad of the wife of the Japanese Minister, under the impression that he was gracefully patronising a little Oriental child. Interviewing a bishop is a de ail which does not often fall to the allotment of work for a newspaper man. We have interviewed many celebrities—Premiers, Mayors, jockeys, advanced women, talking pigs, and other curiosities, but- never a bishop. A hangman ha§ passed through these hands, likewise one of his intended subjects who was reprieved and disohargei from gaol at 6 o clock on the morning which was to have witnessed his execution at 9. The day was the anniversary of his entrance to the world, and it was only Y<-ry narrowly he escaped making his exit on that date. His birthday gift was his life. A strange circumstance which we recall in that connection ivas the formality which had to be gone through to, as it were, restore to him his right to be lecjgnised as a living citizen. One sentenced to death is. in the eye of the law. dead. He has to be pardoced by the Queen for an offence which it has already been fully proved he did not commit, and subsequently must apply to the Supreme Court for rehabilitation and the right to exercise tbe franchise. There is but one advantage in the difficulty His debts are also dead, and he cannot be sued or made to pay any contracted prior to the issuing of the order for his hang.ng. Ho'.vevc- , a j eporter of a London contemp- rary has interviewed Bishop Riley and obtained ai interesting column from him. His Lordship has ha l " experiences " in this country, ami was bold enough to say he could show the Piemier some points in bushcraft, which, as the Bishop had been something over a year in the colony at the time of the interview, was a task he rhould have been well qualified to attempt. Some recent visitors have gone across the continent, like a bush fire through a cocky's paddock, seen the whole country from Dan to Beersheba, and had a book about it on the streets inside three months. He was once bushed, and had to camp at a watevhole with a few dead emus in it, but, as he puts it, ' it was better than nothing.' This incident somewlutt knocked the reporter, who asked—'Any more experiences V ' I was on the MacGregor, going from Albany to Esperance, when she started a leak. We were not far from the coast, so the ciptain resolved to send up a signal for help. Unfortunately, the gun did not work properly ; the shelf burst almost at my feet while standing on deck, and killed the man next to me.' His eminence got through that trouble safely, and the reporte r , whose hair by thi< lime was standing up like the bristles on the back of an Irish terrier when he sees a ghost, feebly enquired— ' Did you ever go down a mine ?' ' Yes, down almost every one of any note. It is hard to believe they are gold mines, though, until you get accustomed to them, and see the stuff they produce.' Wha r do you think of the people on the fields V Taken as a whole, they are a thoroughly good set, the working miner in particular. His language is somewhat forcible and idiomatic, it is true. Also, he drinks too much, mainly, I think, because when he is not working there is nothing else for bim to do. The custom of ' shouting' has much to. do with the trouble, and should ie discouraged.' Evidently his Lordship does not approve of " setting 'em up," though he did not object to taking a Lttle something short when being entertained by the Mayor of Menzies. " Forcible and idiomatic" is a neat way of describing "language.' and as the Bishop when at the Norseman overhear-i a miner making the necessary remarks when the handle of the windlass slipped from his grip, and flying round fetched him a dull sickening sma«h in the commissariat, and threw him over an Sft logging up, his Lordship knows what he talked of. Even clergymen are expressive on occasion?. When a numble follower is heard in the secrecy of his stable calling a horse, which by the merest accident trod on his corn, 'a pig,' it is at once admitted that tbe miner has nothing of a monopoly on 4 idiomatic 1 figurative speech. His Lordship also stated that lynchings were uncommon. ' Ave there no lynchings V asked the scribe. ' Nothing of the sort,' replied the Bishop ; ' In fact, I am inclined to believe it is the other way. A man who gets into any ordinary kind , of difficu'ty need^ on'y to be, what is called, 'a good sort.' and he will always find plenty of sympathy and helping hands.' Evidently the fatal accident at" the 6-Mile had occurred to his Lordship, who was not asked how many lashings have taken place in Frem ntle gaol in the past year. That question has been aslced in Parliament, and the answer should be available ou Wednesday. Next Bishop who visits the fields wiil be interviewed by the MINER. We had no idea they were such ' good copy.' We (" N.C. Herald ") are sorry to have to reco d the death of Mr G. W. Gibson, a recent arrival from Perth, who died at the Menzies Hospital last night of hemorrhage of the lungs. Thft deceased is a son of the late George Gibson, who was an old identity of Bendigo, Victoria. Mr Gibson was employed in the " Miner" office up to within a few hours of his death, which came as a shock to his friends, for though he was in delica'e health, his end was not expected so soon. Deceased was a compositor, and served his apprenticeship on the Bendigo "Advertiser," was afterwards foreman of the Kyneton " Observer," and from thence went to Perth in March last, where he worked till about six weeks ago, and then came to Menzies. He was well liked, and his sudden death will cause regret to his numerous fri-nds. 