The Storyteller. The Christian. THIRD BOOK.—THE DEVIL'S ACRE. IX. BY HALL CAINE, Author of "The Manxman." "Glenfaba. Oh, my dear John Storm, is It coals of fire you are heaping on my head, or fire of brimstone ? Your last letter. .wuu its tweuts of enthusiasm, came sweeping down on me like a flood. What work you are in the midst of 1 What a life ! What a purpose I While I—l am lying lere like an old slipper thrown up on thu sea beach. Oh, the pity of % the pity of 't! It must be glorious to be in the rush and swirl of all this splendid effort, whatever comes of it I One's soul is thrilled, one's heart ex pands I As for me, the garden of my mind Is withering, and I am consuming the seed I ought to sow. " Rosa has come. She has been here 8 month nearly, and is just charming, cay what you will. Her thoughts have the dash of the great world, and I love to bear her talk. True, she troubles me sometimes, but that's only my envy and malice and all uncharitableness. When she tells of Betty this and Ellen that, and their wonderful triumphs and successes, I'm the meanest sinner that crawls. ♦*]ts funny to see how the old folk bear themselves towards her. Aunt Rachel regards her as a sort of an artist, and is clearly afraid that she will break out into mad ness in spots somewhere. Aunt Anna disapproved of her (hair, which 1* brush ed up like a man's, and of her skirt, iwhich * would be no worse If it were less like* pair of breeches,' for she !ha» brought her 4bikeV Sihe taiks on Hangerous subjects also, and nobody did such things in auntie's own young days. Then she addresses the old girl ies as I do, and calls grandfather •Grandad,' and, like tihe witch of Endor generally, is possessed of a familiar spirit. Of course I give her various •Warning looks from time to time lest the fat should be in the Ore. But she's a> woman, bles* her! and it's as true 89 ever it wa« that a woman can keep the Secret she doesn't know. *'Yes, the Ideal of womanhood has tibanged «dnce the old aunties were young. But when I listen to Rosa, and then look over at Rachel with her black ringlets, and at Anna with her old fash'kmed 'front,' I shudder and ask taysclf, ' Why do I stfruggle ?' What is the xeward if one gives up the fascina tion of life and the world ? There Is no reward. Nothing but solitary old tuaidlam, unless two of you happen to be sisters, for who else will join her jfoame to yours ? Dreams, dreams, «oly dream* of the dearest thing that ever comes into a woman's arms; and then you awake ami there Is no one there, A dame's school somewhere, when the old father Is gone* but no children of your own to Jove you, no- Ibody to think of you, ecraplng a little here, pinching a little there, growing older and smaller, year by year, looking yellow and craned like an apple tlhat has ■been kept on the top shelf too long, and then —Che end ! '. "Oh, but Fan trying so hard, so very h.ard, to be 'true to the nl|g!her self in <me,' because somebody aaje 1 must. What do you think I did last week ? In my cfoairaicter ot. 'Lady Bonmtitful I gave an old folks' supper in the soup kitchen, understood to be in Ihonour \>t my return. Roast beef and plum duff, Dot to speak of pipes and 'iracoy, aud forty old people of both sexes sitting down to ' the do.' After supper there was a concert, when Chaise (Che fat olri thief !) overflowed the ' elber' cQialr, and alluded to me <as 'our beautiful donor,* «nd lured me into singling ' •Myledhar aiue,' and leading the company, wlhen ■we closed, -with the doxology. " But ♦It was not myself at aill, Molly dear, 'twas my atoadow on the wall,' and In any case man can't live by soup kitdhens alone—or woman either. And knowing what a poor, weak, vain -wo man I am at tihe best, I ask myself some times, would it not be a thousand times better if I yielded to my true nature, . instead of struggling to» realise a blood- lose ideal tlhat is not .me in t!he least, tout only my picture in the heart of some one wno thinks me so muah better than I am ? " Not that (anybody ever sees what a hypocrite I can be, though I came nenr to letting the cat out of tlhe bag ns lately as last night. You must know that wihen I turned ray back on London at the command of John Knox, tihe second, I brought all my beautiful dress es along with me, except such of them o« were left at -the theatre. Yet I <flarent lay them out in the drawers, so •I kept them under lock and key in my boxes. There they hirked like evil spirits in ambush, and as often as their perfume escaped into the room my eyes watered for another sight of them:! But In ajrtte of all temptation I resisted, I conquered, I triumphed—until last n'lgfht when Rosa talked of Juliet, what a. glorious creature s>he 'was, and how there was nobody on the stage who could ' look' her and ' play' her too! "What do you think I did ? Shall'l tell you ? Yes, I will. ,1 crept up etatrs to my quiet little room, tugged the box from its hiding-place under the bed, drew out my dresses—my lovely, Jovely brocades—and put them on! T\hen I spoke the potion 'speech, be ginning in a whisper, but getting louder as I went on, and always looking at anyaelf in the glace. I had blown out the candle, and there was no Hght in the room, but the moon that was shining on my face, but I was glowing, my very soul was afire, and when I came to the end I drew myself up and said, • I—l am Juliet, for I am a great actress !' •" Oh, oh; oh I I could scream with laughter to think of what happened next! Suddenly I became aware of somebody knocking at my door (I had locked it) and of a thin voice outside saying fretfully, 'Glory, whatever is it ? Aren't you well, Glory ?' It was the little auntie : and, thinking what a shock she would have if I opened the door and she came upon this grand Italian lady instead of poor little me, I had to laugh and to make excuses while 1 smuggled off my gorgeous things and got back into my plain ones ! " It was a narrow squeak ; but I had a narrower one some days before. Pooir grandfather! He regards Rosa as be longing to a superior race, and loves to ask her what she thinks of Glory He has grown quite simple lately, and as soon as he thinks my back is turned he Is always saying, • And what is your opinion of my granddaughter, Miss Mac quamle ?' To which she answers, 4 Glory is going to make your name im mortal, Mr. Quayle.' Then his eyes sparkle, and he says, ' Do you think so ? —do you really think so ?' Whereupon she talks further balderdash, and the dear old darling smiles a triumphant smile! "But I always notice that not long afterwards his eyes look wet and his head hangs low, and he is saying to the aunties with a crack In his voice, 'She'll go away again. You'll see she will. Her beauty and her talents be long to the world.' And then I burst in on them and scold them, and tell them not to talk nonsense. " Nevertheless, he 'Is beginning to re gard Rosa with suspicion, as if she were a w!lch luring me away, and one even ing last week we had to steal into the garden to talk that we might escape fiom bis watchful eyes. The sun had set—there was the red glow behind the castle across the sky and the sea. and we vere walking on the low path by the riT«r under the fuchsia hedge that hangs over from the lawn, you know. Rosa was talking with her impetuous 4ash of the great career open to any one who could win the world in London, how there were people enough to help her on, rich men to find her opportuni ties, and even to take theatres for her if need be. And I was hesitating and halt ing nnd stammering, ' Yes, yes, if it were the regular stage—who knows ?—per haps it might not be open to the same objections f when suddenly the leaves of the ifuchsia rustled as with a ffust of wind, and we heard footsteps on. the pahh above. "It was the grandfather, who hud comic out on Rachel's arm,, and over heard wrtrat I ha* said ! »It's Glory l f toe faltered, and then I heatrd him take his. snuff .and blow Ms nose,, ns lf to cover Oils eonfuston, thinking I was de» eelving them *nd carrying' on a< secret Intercourse. I hardily know what hap* pened next, except that, for tlhe five minutes1 following 'the great actress.' !had to talk with the tongues of men and angels (Beelzebub's) in order to throw dust in tlhe dear old eyes, and drive away their doubts. It was a magnifi cent performance, ' you go ball!' I'll never do the like of it again, though I had only one did man and. one old maid and one young woman for audience. The house ' rose' at me, too, and the pb.>r old grandfather was appeased. But •when we were fba'ck indoors I over heard Mm flaying, ' After all, there's no help for It. She's dull with, us—■w'nat wonder! We can't cage our linnet, ■Ranihea, and perhaps we shouldn't try. A song-bird came to cheer U9, but It will fly away. TVe are only old folks, dear —It's no use crying.' And on going to his room that night he closed his door and said his prayers in a whisper that I might not fhaar him when he sobbed. 11 IT« hasn't left his bed since. I fear h« never will. More than once I have been on the point of telling him there , la no reo&on; to think the deluge would come If I did go back to Dondon ; but I will never leavt him now. Yet I wish Aunt Kaoliel wouldn't talk so much of tlite days when I went away before. It seems that every night, on his way to his own roam, he used to step into my empty one and come out with his eyes dim and his lips moving. I am not naturally hard-hearted, but I can't love grandfather tike that Oh, the cruelty of Hfe t . . . I know it ought to be the other way about; . . . but I can't help it. "AH the same I could try to think how short life is, and how little of it I can spare. ' Cling fast to me and hold me,' my heart Is always saying, but meantime London is calling to me, call ing to me, like the sea, and I feel as If I were a wandering mermaid and she were my ocean home. " Later.—'Poor, poor grandfather ! I was Interrupted in the writing of my letter this morning by another of those sudden alarms. He had fainted again, and it Is extraordinary how helpless the aunties are in a case of illness. Grand father knows It, too ; and after I had done all I could to bring him around, he opened his eyes aud whispered that he had something to say to me alone. At that the poor old things left the room with tears of woe anjd a look of understanding. Then, fetching a diffi cult breath, he said, 'You are not afraid, Glory, are you V and I answer ed him 'No,' though my heart was trembling. And then a feeble smile struggled through the wan features of his drawn face, and he told me his attack was only another summons. I'll soon die for good,' he said ; ' and you must be strong and brave, my child, for death ds the common lot; and then what Is there to fear ?' I didn't try to con tradict him—what was the good of doing that ? And after he had spoken of tho coming time, he talked quietly of his past life, how he had weathered the storm for seventy odd years, and his Almighty Father was bringing him Into harbour at last. ' I can't pray for life any longer, Glory. Many a time I did so in the old days, when I had to bring up my little granddaughter, but my task to over now, and after the day is done where is the tired labourer who does not lie down to his rest with a will?' "The doctor has been and gone. There Is no ailment, and nothing to be done or hoped. It is only a general failure and a sinking earthwards of the poor worn-out body, as the soul rises to the heaven that is waiting to receive It. What a pagan I feel beside him t And how glad I am that I didn't talk of leaving him again when he was on the eve of his far longer Journey 1 I have sent the aunties to bed, but Rosa has made me promise to waken her at 4 that she may take her turn at his bed side. " Next morning.—Rosa relieved me during the night, and I came to my room and lay down in the chillness of the dawn. But now I am sorry thar I allowed her to do so, for I did not sleep, and grandfather appears to have been •troubled with dreams. I fancied he shuddered a little as I left them to* gether, and more than once through; the wall I heard him cry, * Bring him tmck,' In the toneless voice of one who is labouring under the terrors of a night mare. But each time I heard Rosa com forting him, so I lay down again without going in. " Being stronger this morning, he has been propped up In bed writing a letter, When he called for the pens and paper, I asked if I couldn't write it for him, but the old darling made a great mys tery of the matter, and looked artful, and asked if it was usual to fight your enemy with his own powder and shot Of course I humoured him, and pretend ed to be mighty curious, though I think I know who the letter was written to, all the same that he kept the address side of the en velope hidden even when the back of it was being sealed. He sealed it with sealing wax, and I held the candle while he did so, with his pooir trembling fingers in danger from the, light, and then I stamped it with my mother's pearl ring, and he smuggled it Under the pillow. 41 Since /breakfast he has shown an in creased Inclination to doze, but there, have been visits from the wardens and from neighbouring parsons, for his lo cum tenens has had to be appointed. Of course they have all inquired where Ihis pain is, and. on 'being told that he ha* none, they have gone downstairs cack ling and clucking and crowing in vari ous versions of * Praise God for that!' I ihate people who -are always singing the doxology. " Noon.—Condition unchanged* except that in the intervals' of drowsiness his mind has wandered a little. It appears to live in the past. Looking at .me with conscious eyes, Qae cadis me ' Lancelot' father's name. It has been yo all the morning. One would think he was walking In a twilight land where he mistakes people's faces, and the dead are as niudh alive as the living. "They ail thinik lam brave, ob so brave ! beca-use I do not cry now, as everybody else does—even Aunt Anno: •behind, "her apron—although my toura can flow so easily, and at other times I keep them constantly on tap. But I am really afraid, and down at the bot tom of my heart lam terrified. It 1a just as If something were coming Inio the house slowly, irresistibly, awfully, and casting Its shadow on the floor already. "I have found out the cause of his outcries in the night Aunt Hactiel says he was dreaming of my father's departure for Africa. ..That was twenty two years ago; but 1t seems that the memory of the last day has troubled Ihim a good deal lately. 'Don't you remember it,' the has been saying. 4 There were no railways in the Island then, and we stood at the gate to wnteOft the coadh that was taking Mm away. He eat on the top, and waved his red handkerchief. And when he had gone, and it was no use watching, we turned Mack to the house—you and Anna and poor, pretty, young EJlice with, the baby. He never came back, and when Glory goes again she'll never come back etCher.' "In the intervals of his* semi-conscious ness, when he mistakes me for my ifather, my wonderful bravery often fails one, and I find excuses for golug out of the room. Then I creep. uotoe ilessly through the house and listen at half-open doors. Just now I heard li!;n talking quite rationally to Rachel, but in a voice that seemed to speak inward ly, not outwardly, as before. * She can't help it, poor child,' he said. • Some day she'll know wlhat it is, but not yet, not until she has a child of her own. The race looks forward, not backward. God knew when !he created us that the world couldn't go on without that bit of cruelty, land who am I that I jtfioujld complain ?' 411 couldn't bear it any longer, and with a pain at my heart I ran in and cried, 'I'll never leave you, grandfather.' But he only smiled and said, ' I'll not be keeping yoai long, Glory, I'll not be keeping you long,' and then I could have died of shame. " Evening.—Ail afternoon he has been like a child, and everything present to hka consciousness seems to have teen reversed. The s/hadow of eternity ap pears to have wiped out tfone. When I have raised him up in bed he has de lighted to think he was a little "boy In Ihis young mother's amnsv. Oh, sweet dream ! The old man with this fur rowed forehead and beautiful white head and all the heavy years roiled back ! More than once he has asked ?ne if he may play till bedtime, and I [have stroked his wrinlded (hands and told Ihim ' Yes,' for I pretend to be his mother,- who died when she was old. "But the 'part' Is ail most too murfi for me, and lest I should 'break down under the strain of it, I am going out of his room constantly. I have just been into his study. It is as full as ever of its squeezes and rubbings and plaster casts and dusty old rune*. He has spent all his Ufa away back in the tenth century, and now !he is going farther, farther # " O(h, lam aweary, aweary ! If any thing happens to grandfather I «Anll soon leave this place; there will bo nothing to hold me here any longer, and (besides I could not ibear the sight of, these evidences of his gentle presence, so simple, so touching1. But what a vain thing London is with all its vast ado—how little, how pitiful 1 i 4 Later.—lt is all over. The scene has shut up, and lam not crying. If I did cry it would not be from grief, but because the end was so beaut*ful. «o glorious I It was at sun-set, and the streamers of the sun were coming hori zontally Into the room. He awoke from a long drowsiness, and a sereuiry ailmost angelic overspread his face. I could see that he waa ♦himself, once again. Death bad led Mm back through the long years since be wta* v idhtld, and he knew (he was an old iimii end I was a young woman. ' Have tlhe (boats gome yet ?' he asked, meaning the Iherrlug 'bouts that go at minset. I looked out, awd told 1111011 they were nt itfhe point of going. 'Let me see thwu isail,' lie said, so I flipped my arms about (him, and raised him until he wad sitting •up, ami could see down the length of iflie 'harbour -and past tfhe castle t > the sea. The reflection of the anulig'nt Iwas albout flito silvery oil Iwiid, and over tlhe dannps and eh.'lls of death it made a radtauoo on his face that was like a light from heaven. Tliora was haTdly a breeze, nud the boats wore dropping down from their berths wltb their brown sails half set. * Ah,' he said, ' it's the other way with me. Glory. I'm coming in, not going out. I've betn •beating to wind ward all my life, but I see the harbour on my lee-bow at last as plainly as I over saw Peel, and now I'm only wait ing for the top of the tide and the mas ter of the port to run up the flas !' " Then his head fell gently back on my arm and his lips changed colour, but liis eyes did not close, and over his saintly face there passed • a fleeting smile. Thus died a Christian gentle man—a -simple, sunny, merry, happy, child-like creature, and of «uch are tlie kingdom of heaven.—GLOßY." Parson Quayle's Letter. " Dear John,—Before this letter roaches you, or perbaps along with it, you will receive the news that tells you whitt it Is. lam 'in,' John ; I cnu say no more than that. The doctor tells me it may be now c:- then or at any time. But I am looking for my enlargement soon, and whether it comes to-morrow sunset or with to-day's next tide I leave myself In Ills hands in whoce hands we all are. Well Ih'aa the wise man eald, ♦ The day of deatb is better than the day of our birth,' so with all goodwill, and ,what legacy of strength old age Ins left to me, I send you my last word and message. , "My poor old daughters are sorely stricken, but Glory is still brave and true, toeing, us »he always was, a quiver- Ing bow of steel. People 101 lme that the poor mother is strong in the girl, and the spirit of the mother's race ; but •well I know the father's stalwart soul supports her ; and I pray God that when my dark hour comes her loving and courageous arms may be around me. " That brings me to the object of my letter. This living will soon be vacant, and I am wondering who will follow in •my feeble steps. It Is a sweet spot, Jt>hn ! The old church does not look so ill when the sun »hlnes on it, and In the summer- time this old garden is full of fruit and flowers. Did I ever tell you that Glory was bora here ? * I never lhad another graudchild, and we were great comrades from the first. She was a wise and winsome little thing, and I was only an old child myself, so we had many a run and romp In these grounds together. When I try to think of the place without her It is a vain effort and a painful one ; and even while she was away in your great and wicked Baby lon, with its dangers and temptations, taer little ghost seemed to lurk at the •back of every bush, and tree, and some times it would leap out on me and laugh. " It is months since I saw your father, but they toll me he has lately burnt his bureau, making one vast bonfire of the gatherings of twenty years. That is not such 111 news either ; and maybe, now the great ado that worked sucli •woe is-put by trod gone, ihe would re joice to ccc you back at home, and open (his hungering anus to you. " But my eyes ache and my pen is shaking. Farewell ! Farewell ! Fare rwell! An old man leaves you his bless ing, John. God grant that in His own good time we may meet in a blessed paradise, rejoicing in His gracious mercy, and all our sins forgiven ! "ADAM QUAYLE.* X. Glory's letter and its enclosure fell on John Storm like rain in the face of a man on horseback—he only whipped up »nd went faster. "How can I find words," he wrote, •*• to express what I.feel dt your mourn ful news ? Yet why mournful ? His llfe'6 mission was fulfilled, his death pirati a peaceful victory, aud we ought to ■rejoice that he.was so easily released. •I trust you will not,mourn too heavily, for him, of allow his* death to «top your Wfe. It would not be right. No trouble came near his stainless heart, no shadow of sin ; his old age was a peace ful day which lasted until sunset. He (was a creature that had no falsetto In ta. single fibre of his being, no shadow of affectation. He kept like this through, toll our complicated existence in this art ificial world, absolutely unconscious of (the hallowness mid pretension and aham that surrounded him—tolerant, too, and kind to all. Then why mourn for him ? He Is gathered in—he is safe. " His letter was touching In Its artful simplicity. It was intended to ask me tto apply for his living. Bat my doty Is here, and London moat make the best of me. Yet mt>re than ever now I feel niy responsibility with regard.to your, solf. The time Is uot ripe to advise you. lam on the ere of a great effort. Many things have to be tried, many thing* attempted. It is a gathering of manna—a little every day. To God's keeping and protectttm meantime I com mit you. Comfort your auuts, and let oie know if there is anything that can toe done for them." . The ink of this letter was hardly dry wften Jdhn &torm; was In the middle of soittetflifeng else. 'He was In a eoatinu.xl fever now. Above all, hSs great aeheine for the rescue and mtomption of women and children possess.' him. He called it Glory* scheme when ho talked of It to himself. It might be in the teeth of nineteenth-century mor ality, but wlhat iiuatter about that ? It was on the lines of Christ's teaching when He forgave t)he woman and shamed the (hypocrites. He would bor row for it, 'beg for it, and there might be conditions under wlhidh he w^wild steal for it too. Mi's. Callender shook her jiead. " I much misdoubt there'll be s;.'nn <fcvl, laddie. It's a woman's work, I'm thinking." "' Be tfhou as chaste as ice,' auntie, 'as pure «4 snow' . . . but no mat ter ! I intend to cbll mt Hut full power of a ignited Obardi '.nto (he warfare against this fhiglb wicked ui>s3. Talk of the Mirion of Ghriatendom ! 1/ we are in ea-rweat about it we'll unite tv> jtvo tect and liberate our wo-nen." " But Where's tihe siller to come f rae, laddie V" ' "Any where—every wilier© ! Besl dcs, I have a bank I can always draw on, auntie." « " You're no meaning the Prime Minister again, au-rely ?" " I mean the King. God wili pro vide for me, as In this, so in every thing." Thus l)!s reckless enthusiasm bore down everything, and at <!he back of all ihls thoughts was the thought of Glory. He was preparing a way for iher ; elhe was coming 'back to a great enreer, a glorious (mission ; "her bright soul wouM shine like a star ; efhe would sco that 'he !bad been right, and faithful, an>d tllieii—then. . . . But it was like wine coursing througih 'ills, veins—Oio could not think of it. Three thousand pounds liad to be ■found to buy or ."build homes with, and ho set out to beg for the money. His ilrst call was at 'Mrs. Madkray'd. Going up to the house die met the lady's poodle in a fawn-coloured wrap coming out in charge of a footman for its dally walk round the square. He gave the name of " Father Storm," and after some minutes of wait ing .he was told that the lady had a headache, and was not receiving that day. "Say the- nephew of the Prfime Minister wishes, to see her," said John. Before the footinnn had returned again there was the gentle rustle of a dress on the stairs, and the lady herself was say lug, " Dear Mr. Storm, come up. My servants are real tiresome, they are al ways confusing names." Before they were seated in the draw 'ing-roora Mrs. Macfcray had plunged Into an account of her anxieties as a mistress ; what care she took in the selection of strictly evangelical church people, jet how hard it was to trust the certificates which she always required, of . a thorough change of heart, and how often she had been deceived ! Time had told on her ; she was look- Ing elderly, aud the wrinkles about her eyes could no longer bo smoothed out. But her " front" was curled, aud she was still saturated 1u eau do cologne. " I heard of your return, dear Mr. Storm," she saiid in the languid voice of the great lady, but the accent of St. Louis. "My daughter told me about it. She was always Interested in your work, you kuow. Oh, yes, quite well, and having a real good time in raris. Of course you know she has been mar ried. A great blow to me uaturally, but, being God's will, I felt it was my duty as a mother . . ." and then a pathetic description of her maternal sentiments, consoled by the circum stance that her son-in-law belonged to "one of the best families," and that she was constantly getting newspapers fcom " the other side" containing full ac counts of the wedding and of the dress es that were worn at tit. John twirled his hat in his hand and listened. " And what are your dear devoted people doing down there in Soho ?" Then John told of his work for work ing girls, and the great lady pretended to be deeply interested. " Why, they'll soon be better than the upper classes," she said. John thought it was not improbable, but he went on to tell of bis scheme, and bow small was the sum required for dts execution. " Only three thousand ! That ought to bo easily fixed up. Why. certainly !" " Oharity is the salt of riches, madam, nnd if rich people would remember that their wealth Is a trust " " I do—l always do. ' Lay not up for yourselves treasure on earth*—what a beautiful text that is !" " I'm glad to hear you say bo, madam," said John ; " so many Christian people allow that God is the God of the widow and fatherless, whdle the gods they really worship are the gods of sliver and gold." " But I love the dear children, and I like to go. to the Institution to see them in their nice white pinafores making, their curtsies. But what you say 'is real true, Mr; Storm ; and since I came from Sent Louis I've seen considerable people who are that silly about cats . . ." nud then a long story of the folly of a lady friend who had once had a pet Persian, and it died, and she wore crape for It, and you could never mention a cat in her hearing afterwards. At that moment the poodle came back from his walk, and the lady called it to her, fondled It affectionately, said It was a present from her poor dear husband, and launched Into an account of her anxieties respecting it, being delicate and liable to colds, notwith standing the trousseau (it was a lady poodle) which the fashionable dog tailor in Regent-street had provided for It. Johu got up to take his leave. " May I then count on your kind sup port on behalf of our poor women and ch"dmi of Soho ?" "Ah, of course, that matter. . . . Well, you see," as she gave him two fingers, " the archdeacon kindly comes to talk 'city' with me—in fact I'm ex pecting him to-day—and I never do any thing without asking his advice, never, In my present state of health—l have a , weak heart you know," with her head fickle and her saturated pocket-hand kerchief at her nose. "But has the Prime Minister done anything ?" 4i He has advanced me two thousand pounds." " Really ?" rising and kicking back her tmin. "Well, as I say, we ought to fix it right away. Why not hold a meet ing In my drawing-room ? All denomi nations, you say ? I don't mind—not 1n a cause like that," and she glanced round her room as if thinking it was always possible to disinfect it after wards. (To "be Continued.) 