A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPOBTER. THE INTERESTING CASE Of hIR. THOMAS dARVIS, WIlO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIPPLRED-PARTIAILY PARA LYSED, SUFFERING FROM LOCOotOTER ATAXIA. AND HELPLESS. DOCTORS, 1108 FITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DIE AS HIS CASE WAS HOPE LESS, BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. TO DAY HE IS A NEW M1AN, FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHES IHE IHAS THROWN AWAY, HIlS DEADl LIIMBS HAVE LIFE, IIIl .APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, ADIN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. So much interest has been shown by our read ers in this marvellous case that we have pub lhsed the facts agains as they appeared in the " Australa.ian Workman " a few weeks ago : One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-line, Ultimo. IIe was discovecd nursing a two-year- old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who ire stricken as I was." ' fIlow long ere you suffering ?" ' Well, wselve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and 1 have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Chri.t mas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health and ater four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my hil'et at the Gilebe Isiand." " What were the symptoms ?' " Simply indescriable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two iu every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. Or. the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and lie told me that my case was utterly hopeless. however, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 1" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over wi;tl me. and only a question of days v hen I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and didl all lie could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, s disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and diffliculty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of mIy lgs. (dust then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the " Austrahlan Workman." by D. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Pecplc. I read in the adver tisemert of a cake which seemed ol fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It -vas the first appe'ite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of astick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here! They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink rills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I ,on't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I ant rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 percent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his li e. and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten lears younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 'I can now, continued daryis. "'have a cold bath, and ail the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am bet?.r tc day than I have been at any time during the Iest five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. I hey have saved my life, I am in no pain now, what ever, and feel like a new man. On the mantle piece there. a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciatic` pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knoss me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable hIistor-, and confirms what is saidin all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williains' Pink Pills for l'ale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many di;scrders which arise from an impcverished state of thle blood, such as anirmia, pale and sallow complexion, generalmnuscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c;, These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists ani storekeepers generally. or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post 'order one box for 2s 9d, or half dozen 14-s d. 