HIS ONLY CASE. We were in Markham's " snug," a little room to which he was accustomed to retire " to cool," as he expressed it, in such odd minutes as a heavy home- practice in medicine left him. Netherby, a surgeon from lower down the street, had dropped in at ten o'clock to smoke a friendly pipe with Markham and me and to chat over professional topics, as was our custom. Markham was great on reminiscences and struck out upon them as soon as Netherby, drawing his coat tails sententiously about him, had settled down into the doctor's wicker chair. We smoked on in deferential silence until Markham had finished. " Well !" said Netherby, with a long pull at his pipe. " I'm not much at ' experiences,' but I had one job out there near San Francisco that has always been on my mind." " What was it ?" asked Markham in his abrupt way, turning a pair of piercing little grey eyes on Netherby. " It occurred nearly twenty years ago, before I settled down," said Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing his bead back into a reflective attitude. " I had had a few turns at sea as surgeon on a North American steamer, but through a bother I had with the chief officer I dropped it at the end of a voyage out. I left her at Frisco and went on a ramble inland. I had no definite plan, but I thought it would be worth while taking a turn round the mining district. I had gone through surgery, and thought, being an Englishman, there might be a chance about some of the mining settlements. Lots of work for a saw-bones about there," said Netherby, with a significant nod. " Did you get any ?" asked Markham, sharply again. " One case—just one. And I didn't like it. It wasn't in my branch at all," Netherby replied, frowning at the recollection. " I dropped on a little mining place in the bills," he continued. "It was about a hundred miles east of San Francisco. I somehow fancied the place, so I stayed there prospecting about two months. In three weeks I knew everyone in it worth knowing. They were as deferential as you please, learning that I was an English surgeon, so I got on well with them. " I stopped at the principal store in the town, the keeper of which was a sharp and shrewd Yankee, but about as good-natured as they make 'em. " One night after I had gone to bed I heard a load knocking at the outer door. Then there were voices. I could hear the storekeeper speaking sharply to someone about coming at that late hour. In a minute I heard him approach- ing my room. He called out to learn whether I was awake, and on my answering him, told me that one of the ' bosses' of a mine outside of the town had come to see if I would go to a man who was dying. There had been a fall of stone in the workings, and the man was badly injured. A doctor of some kind was with him, but the man had begged that they would bring an Englishman to him as he had something important to say. The ' boss' thought he wanted to make a confession, and for some reason would only make it to an Englishman. You see, I was not wanted pro- fessionally, so at first I declined to go. The storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying it would look bad if it got known that I had refused to go and hear a dying man's confes- sion. So I got up and dressed and joined the ' boss,' and told him to lead the way. " He led me along the solitary main street of the place, and then struck out tor the hills. I had not the ghost of an idea where we were going, and as the night was dark it was impossible to note the way. I tried to get my companion to talk, but after one or two vague replies to my remarks I left him alone. He was either stupidly sullen or so concerned about the man that he was unable to converse lucidly. " We must have walked for nearly half-an hour when my guide gripped my right wrist and turned me sharply round, with a curt, ' Kem this way !" Still holding my wrist he walked a few paces and then stopped. I could see that we were by a low building. Going on again my guide led me slowly round the place until we reached a door on the further side. It was partly open, and I could discern a dim light within. ' Hyar we air,' exclaimed my companion pushing the heavy door open. ' Hyar's the Engleesh surgeon, mebbe 'e'll du fer yer.' " It was a mining hut of the roughest descrip- tion. A small lamp was burning on a kind, of mantle-shelf, and giving just sufficient light to make the place miserably dim and weird. A man in the garb of a miner was sitting on a rough stool by a low couch, a bed upon which I could discern a human form. ' Heaw es it now, Jose ?" asked my com- panion. ' Bad !' answered the watcher, binding forward to look at the face of the injured man. My guide knelt down by the couch. ' Ned ! Hyar's the Engleesh doctor. ' E'es come t' hyar what yer'n t' say. Can yer talk t' 'm ?' " I had grown accustomed to the gloom, and could discern a face of deathly paleness at the raised end of the couch. As I watched it the eyes opened. ' Leave 'im with me—leave us alone,' said a faint voice. ' Kem on, Jose. Let's gew out. Leave the doctor with 'im a bit. Kem on !' said my com- panion, taking bold of the watcher's arm. " The man slowly rose and left the cabin with my guide. I heard the ponderous door grate as they closed it behind them, and knew that I was alone with the dying man. " Can I do anything for you ?" I asked, bending over to obtain a better view of him. ' Draw that stool up and sit down by me,' he replied in a low voice. " Let me examine you first," I said, feeling his right shoulder. ' No, no, not that,' he said testily. ' You can't do me any good that way. 1 want you to listen.' ' I will,' I replied. ' Go on.' " Are you an Englishman ?" he asked, turn- ing his glassy eyes on my face. " Yes,' I replied again. ' Then listen. This is a dying man's confes- sion. My name's Frank Matherson. I was a diver. I was doing very well. Me and my mate, Tom Thornley, 'ad been at it for years. We were like brothers. Sometimes he went down and some- times me. We were all right until the girl came. Kate Jacobson her name was. She was my girl, I loved her with all my life. I was happy, so happy until Tom played me false He made pretence of friendship to Kate, for old acquaintance sake, he said, but I saw how it was going. He was making love to her. He took her from me—my Kate that I would have died a hundred times for—took her from me. And she left me for him. I was like one dead. Everything changed. All the hope went out of me. I was miserable, and wished Iwas dead. And he, my old mate, Tom Thornley, had done it—played me false. How I hated him ! We were mating still, diving together just as before. And they were to be married—Tom and my Katie to be married. I was mad—mad for he had played me false. He had stolen my love. She was my Katie. I won her—honourably ; he deceived me—tricked me. Oh, how I hated him ! I wanted to kill him, for hadn't he killed my hope—my life. It was all gone. Ah ! I remember.' ' The man closed his eyes and stopped," said Netherby. " I saw that he had not finished his narrative, so I said gently, ' Have you nothing more to tell me ?' In a minute the eyes opened again. They were quite wild and glaring." ' Yes,' he gasped. ' They were to be married —my Katie and him—married. But I spoiled it. We were diving at the old Merlin on a night-tide. It was Tom's turn to go down. I had to screw him up and pump for him. He went down. I thought of them, married, him and my Katie. I was mad, and I did it. I kept on turning the wheel, madly, gloatingly. I knew Tom was getting no air. We got him up, dead. I killed him. Killed him, for he stole my Katie. ' Then, I couldn't bear to look on her face. I thought she could read murder on my brow. The form of Tom haunted me. I couldn't bear to be at the old place or to touch the pump or the gear again. I daren't have gone down in that dress again for the world. I would have met him down there just as he died. I ran from the country. Now it's all over ; I can die. ' You've heard everything. Leave me—leave me in peace.' " His eyes closed and his head fell over help- lessly to his left side. He had spent himself, upon his narrative. I stepped softly to the door and partly opened it. The noise brought back my guide and Jose. I learned from them that the man was badly crushed about the lower part of his body and that the mine doctor had told them he would not live through the night, but that he would come back and see him. Finding how nearly he was gone, I did not attempt to touch him, especially as I had not been asked to render any professional service. " My guide conducted me back to the town over the same unknown way we had travelled to the cabin. Promising to let me know how the man went on, he left me by the store at which I was lodging. Before I rose in the morning the store-keeper came to my room with the infor- mation that the man I had visited was dead. " You are the only living creatures who ever heard his story from my lips," said Netherby knocking the ash out of his pipe and rising to go home. 