A GREAT WIR G; I OR, THE h MYSTERY OF BLACK y HOLLOW GRANGE. \---+-**-- - CHAPTER III. a r A 0IGHIT OF TERROR. t The datknes, of sudden night settled down upon the doomed vessel and the desolate shore near which she lay. The sea rose hligher and higher, great waves, like mountains, struck the ship, lilt r Ing her up, and dashing her hberily agkiust She rocks. Witual, the ioag thratened gtal e came on, tearing through the black fog like a shrinking demon, and beating the poor n ,floundcring .Nautilus with such merciless fury that she began to show sure signs of going to pieces, r Far away in the black distance hoarse thunders bellowed, and at intervals a red flame oflightning leapedout,giving the poor Sstuls bhtlied on the deck a glimpte of th-. awful doom that a nitcd them. Prieks and twails of lamentation rose: abheo the clamor of the storm, and ertry b minute some poor creature was dash'd into the sea. The captain, driven wild with ter ror, secured the only available boat, anM w th some half a dozen men, desert d the ship, b t the boat was swamped almost it eIantly, lastening the fate the occupants were so desirous to scaape. In the milet of all thiu awful peril, while the ,Naltilus shuddered unler him, and the great wares rushed over her, sweeping off dozens of poor souls to untimely death. An. drew tBruce made his way to that part of d the deck where the dead man had lain await ing burial, The body lay there still, sewn up in the hammock, and thrown into a sheltered cor ner, where it escaped the full force of wind and water. While scores of living men had been swallowed up by th!:e sea this dead man was spared. c Andrew Bruce saw the shrouded figure, by th Clash of the lightning, and put forth his foot and touched it. lHis face, as he stood there in the stormy darkness, wore a strange look--the look of a man beset by some t strung temptation, to which he was not wholly willing to succumb. For fire minutes, perhaps, he hbesitated, his face ashen white, his breath coming in labored gasps,then suddenly he fell on his knees hbesie the corpse of the man who had been his friend. "I may as weP' take themn," he muttered. " Where's the harm I And there's no telling what they are." a Ile drew a small knife from his pocket, anl openedI the keen, slim blade Then. with a few rapid strokes, though he worked in utter darkness, he cut an opening in the hammock much larger than was necessary for the purpose, for he rent it more than half its length. With eager hands he groped for a few moments around the dead man'sbosom. IIe found the miniature and the package of letters, and drew them forth. The package was warm, so was the ivory ease of the miniature. So also was the bosom from which he had taken them, drenched as it was by the sea; but in his terror and hurry, Andrew Bruce took no note of these strange facts. t lie had the miniature and the letters in his own breast, looked about him with i startled glances, to be certain this robbery of the dead had not been witnessed, and then fled away to make an effort to save his own life. The dead man lay where be left him; the hammock cut away, his chest and his face both exposed. An awfully ghastly face it was, as a sudden lightning flame illuminated the deck for an instant, a face very like unto death. Yet on the right cheek there was a long gash, made by Bruce's careless and cruel knife, and from this wound a slender stream of red blood trickled. Andrew Bruce, having secured the papers he coveted, hurried forward just as the Nautilus parted amidships with athundering noise. He had secured a life-preserver, and then made his way to that part of the wreck which was nearest the coast. The black waves were strewn with bits of timber, and floating chests, and boxes, and to these dozens of poor souls clung, struggling for life, be ing beaten down every minute bytherestless waves. There was small chance of escape; little hope of life, but Andrew Bruce was resolute to risk his fate. He was a daring man, and an expert swimmer. While an effort re mained to him he would not stand and wait for death. He was on the point of leaping off the wreck, which was momentarily going to pieces, when a shrill cry arrested his attention -a child's cry. He looked down, and the moon, wading through drifts of black, and throwing afitful hight upon the scene of horror, showed him a child j?st below him, clinging with both frail arms to the ressel's side, his poor, imploring little face looking up but a hand's breadth above the seething sea. The child was the son of the dead man lying an the deck bheyond. Andrew Bruce recognised the boy at a glance, and with a thrill of surprise. He thought he hl gone to his doom long ago. teoing him thus, however, his first impulse was to save him. He could save him. and give him a chance for life. He actually made a movement toward the child, as another entreating cry reached his ears; but a solden thought struck him, and he stood irresilute. "If I save him, be may come between me, and-and-what I hope for," he slowly mut tered. While he hesitated thus, a great wave dashed over the wreck and the child was swept away. With a frantic leap, Bruce gained the open sea beyond the wreck, and began to battle for his life. But his very face, as the pale moon-rays revealed it, was changed; for in that swift moment Andrew Bruce, hitherto a comparatively moral man, became a eure1rcr. The rubicon of crime was passed; and henceforth his course would lead downward. Tne opportunity had been given him to make his choice between right and wrong, and he had ehosen the latter. A e'oilless mrning followed that night of death lad horror, and golden sunshine beamed down upon the sullen sea anod the drenchedl slhores strewn with debris if the wreck anl the ghlastly faces of the drowneld. Swarms of people flocked to the scene from all qeirters. some eager for, plunder. others merely curioces to see, and a few in tent on good purposes. Among the latter were two or three ,eassnt women from the neighborhood of St. " Look, Clotilde I look I" cried one of them a l?rid dlame. speaking in her native tongue. "there's a little lad, no higger than your A-i-re, all dead and drowned, poor little iellow." Lots of them went ddwn last night, poor fellows. Here, mate. lend a hand here, will y:u ? Let us take this chap over tothe guardehousee ; he has got a queer look some bew fora eead man. I can tell a corpse by the I-,ok, and the feel, too. There'sa spark o' life somewhere here, if I'm not muchmis taken." Tie men carried the body off toward the guard-house; whilo the women weeping and chattering by turns, tenderly lilted the byr and hurried aevay in the direction of St., Malo. It is a month later, and Clotilde has re. teurnedml to her own cottage in the valley of the Loire. The summer is well over, and the lime. leaves are growing yellow, and thevineyards ha-g laden with ipurple clusters Clotilde is looking for her husbands's re. ( turn. He has been abroad for over a year; t but his last letter which reached her months ago, told her to expect him before the wintes set in. Accordingly, she has cut abshort bee visit to her sister, near St. Malo, and has re. i turned home to make ready for her husband's coming. She sits in the cottage poren .ns sunu I afternoon, watching her two children as they play beneath the limes. She calls them both her own, and loves t them almost with an equal fondness-her son Andre, and the little storm-waif, the boy found on the coast on the morning after the wreck. They restored him to life, shet and I?achel, and Clotilde has brought him a home with Andre to her own cottage. C "The dear little fellow,"s hethinks,watch. ing the two children as they follow their I hoops. "Oh, I do hope that Andrew won't mind my keeping him when he comes. I should so hate to part with himl" Even while these thoughts fill her mind a the vine-leaves rustle behind her. She looks g up and utters a cry of joy. Her husband stands before her. i Ob, Andrew, have you come at last I" She flies to clasp his neck, but be puts forth his hand and holds ier off. The charities will benefit to the extent of ahbout £1,700 by the A,N,A. fete, pr ''"Don't be a fool, Olotilde," he says,coolly. "Yes, I've come, and I'm thoroughly used up. Bring me a glass of wine." As she looks at him her eyes dilate with horrified wonder. "What ails you l What do you see that youstare at me so " he demanded with a brutal oath. She clasps her hands across jher loudly throbbing heart. "You have changed so," she whlispers,awe and terror in her voice. "Oh, Andrew, what has come over you 1" A harsh laugh escapes him, a laugh by no menos pleasant to hear. "Oh, n great deal-more than I can tell you now," l'e answers. No wonder you find me changed. The whot: wored has clanged for me. You shall hear it all in good time. But trt me have the wine nor." She turns from him like one in a dream. "What is the ca:teo of his stri?nc de. meanorr" she soii L'uises. "What has changed him so fearful'ly " At this moment, the two children came running up, hand in hand, fliushied and rosy from their play. Andrew liroce trined round to greet his own son, and thus came face to face with the son of his denl friend. lie whitened with craven terror, and nis very kneer soroko under him as if a spectre had confronted him. " Papa. papa," cried Andre, running to his side, and catching his hand. But his father threw him off, without ereering or carers, and stood staring at the otlher chill with distendling eyes and gasping lips. " I saw him go down; I saw the waves sweep him off; and here he is ;" he vicautly muttered. Clotilde returned with the wine; he reired the glass and swallowed the contents at a draught "Thrt roy ! how came he here?" he de manded then. pointing toward Richmond. Poor Clotitic trcembled. lHer English hus band had never been over tender to her, and now there was so)mething in his face that filled her with terror. "An?rew,pray do not be angry," she began, cla·ping his arm with two beseeahing ban is. yB ut he threw her from him aith an oath. "Answer me,'" he replied, his surprise and terror giving place to wrath; ." where did you get that boy 1" "There was a vessol lost off St. lIalo a month ago," Clotilde faltered "And he was on here;" he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over his face. "Ile drifted ashore. I might have known. And )you saved him, and have him here. Curse you, I'll have your life for it I" lie seized her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Clotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild rage, fancied that her hus. banwl had gone mad, and shrieked aloud for help. he clutched her throat until her face be. came purple. "Andrew! Andrew! for Heaven's sake do not murder me 1" she gasped. "I will send the boy away-" "No I no I nol" he interposed, with ter. rihble vehemence. " I'll murder him, I'll have his life I Hlow dare he come back to stand between me and my good luck " tie threw Clotilde from him with a force that dashed her to the floor of the porch,and rushed upon the affrighted child. " Curse you 1" he hissed between his set teeth. "Yon shall die 1" The lad shivered with terror, as the man's iron grip clutched him, but be looked up with clear, brave eyes. 1 " Why do you want to murder me,Andrew Bruce?" he asked, simply. You promised my father to take care of me, and take me to England." This simple question went to :the guilty man's heart like a knife, and for one minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. " Yes, I promised him," he gasped, in hoarse accents. "and called God as my wit ne0s." lie staggered back a pace or two, and sank into a seat, covering his face with his hands. "'Tis not too late now." he muttered. "I mightdo it yet 1" Clotildewbo by this time had regained her feet, approached him, and laid her hand on his arm. " Come into the house, Andrew," she en. treated. "You are not well, you'll feel better when you have rested." Iner voice recalled him to his senses, and ois momentary irresolution vanished. The evil within him was growing so strong, the good so weak. "I should have to give it all up," he mat. tered. Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, baronet,with fifteen thousand a year I Think of ihat I won't give it up." He leaped to his feet with a hoarse cry and rushed at the boy again. "He shall not live to thwart my plans,"he yelled. "He shall diel" He struck the child a brutal blow full on the temple, a sing an ugly wound,and felling him to the floor, where he lays bleeding and insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce soon silenced both with threats and oaths. Take him up and carry him into the kit. chen," he commanded. " When it grows dark I'll throw him into the Loire." Clotilde obeyed without a word, shivering in every limb with mortal terror. She laid the child down on the lounge, covered his ghastly blood-stained face,and then crouched down herself with her son at her knees, t watching her maniac husband,asshe deemed him, with affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. " You think me mad I" he asked,divining her thoughts. Well, I am mad-drunk with my own good luck, Clotilde l There's no need to tremble so; the fit is off now; it was tihe sight of that boy there that brought it on; but be lies quiet enough. lie won't y arise between me and my good fortune e again I Sit still, Clotilde; I have my ensese Sback now; I won't hurt you, my girl ; I'm 0 awfully glad to see you; and I have a wondrous story to tell you. But get Andre Ssnag in bed, and fetch out some cold meat . and a bottle of wine before I begin, that's a e good lass I" e Clotildle arose to her feet, but her limbs refused to support ber. '"Run away to bed, Andre," shb whispered, clinging to the window-sill for support, e Run away, like mother's good boy." Her son, still in terror of his father, crept rout casting a wistful glance at the couch wnhere his unconscious playfellow lay. Then the wife turned her ghastly face upon her husband. "Andrew, for the love of Heaven, what is it t What has come over you '" she faltered e ' Ar you mad I" t. IIe laughed again, that ugly, murderous oaugh, "I think I am," he answered, "and so will you be when you hear what I have to r tell. Fetch out the meat and wine, Clo tilde; my good luck hasn't impaired my ap. petite I" " But the child there ?" she cried; " the poor little lad, he'll die if we do nothing for rim." " Will he? So much the better." The look in her husband's eyes tturned her ick and faint. He used to be a handsome can, tender and gallant, when hie hot tem. 0er was under control, and shetloved him to adoration; but now she recoiled from him in shuddering fear. " So much the better," he repeated. "As soon as it grows a little darker I shall throw him into the Loire." "But you will be a murderer," she shrieked out, "and they'll hang you." "I shan't give them the chance," be an. swered, coolly. " I'11 throw the boy into the Loire to.night, and before the day breaks we shall be on our way to England. Sit down, Clotilde, and hear my story; there 's no time l tolose." I The woman dropped inton a seat from sheer I ehaustion. "I am not over fond of such jobs," her husband continued, as he uncorked his wine I butonce in a while the end justifies the deed. You should not have saved the boy from the wreck. Never meddle with what I does not concern you, Clotilde, how would you like for your son to be a baronet-a I baronet of England, with an income of r afteen thousand pounds per annum " "Andrewl" "Don't call me Andrew, please," he con. tinued, coolly. " I have chianged my name as well as my fortune. Henceforth I am Geofrey Trevecthon, the late Sir Geoffrey's only son and heir, and to-morrow I go to England to claim my tit!le ;,o' ,satea I Fact, Clotilde, upon my soul-: I boy yonder, whose life you hare I.. ,:. to save, that boy would c., and between Andre aftr :r good fortune. Jest thillt 0! She looked at him with no. 'Andrew, Andrewa, you a; . oasped. "How conuldll thisll Ii fees."o matter; it will be, as d that mnf The railway revenue continues to im.I prove under Mr Mathlesoun, "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon What right haveytm to his title and estates? I bave h.ard you say that ha never married your mother, You are only an-" : Utter it at your peril," he cried, spring. ing eorme the room and seizing her by the throat. "If you ever allude to that again you are a deal woman I Sir Geoffrey Treve. :hon dd WI marry my mother. She was a poor nctreu, Ann anso E'alial baronet, No matter; his titl athd.h lhwealth ehall be mine all the same, Womnai" beware how you-" "IItst," gasped Clotilde, some one is com* ing I'" He released her, and regained his seat just as a p.easrnt womani came in. " Why, whatnils thoeClotilde 1" she cried, shrilly; " wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man but just returned ?" "The poor girl is ill," answered Andrew,, quickly, giving his wife a swift, warningi glance. "I founl her in bed when I camen home ; and the lad there is sick, too," hecon.* tinrd, pointing to tlhe lounge. " What, Anlire sick ?" asked the woman. "No, no; the other lad; hie's a weakly; ciild. and I'm inrry Cl',tiilCe icked him up; but srhl' l;:.th to part with him; so we mutt take him with us on our journey, I Supa. Clotilde glanced at her hI:sland in amazed awe. Not a muscle of her serene, smiling face moved. " What journey? Yout are not leaving here ?" questioned the neighbor. SThat's it," r splded Alndrew, l..ki aently. "We start fir E:n-landl in tl,e morning. Mty bhlusitis calls ime, and Clotilde is too delicate to be left behind." The night came on, and after some little chat, and many rgretfllil aliclns, the woman took her departure. Andrew accompanied' her to the door, locked it after her, and pocketed the key. lie lifted the handker. chief from the child's face as he crossed the room. It was ghastly white, and to all ap. pearances lifelCe?. "He is all right this time," he mattered, with fiendish content; then lihe turned to his wife. " Clotilde, get your crucifix," he com. manded. Tremblingly she produced the crueciti and while he held a pistol to her brow, ht forced her to swear that she would never ho tray him. " Remember," he added, " I am your bus. band no longer; neither is Andlre your t?on I anm Geoffrey Trevctolln ; my son is called Richmound, and you are his nurse and com. ptnion. Swear nls to tlis !" She looked up into his merciless face with imploring ey es. "Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to this. Would you cast me off forever ? Think of the past, and how we have loved each other." " Old things have passed away, all things have become new. As to the love bctli cen us, no need to mddle with that ; you can tie my wife all the same, only the, world mnit not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevethn 's banished son and heir, and my wife di?:l abroad. Do you comprehend l Of course you do; and if you are a good girl, Clotildie, and love me at all, you'll be willing to hell me to bring this about." "But I am not willing," she replied. " It is all a wicked lie. Your wife did not die abroad; and if Sir Geoffrey Trevethon was your father, you are only an illegitimate son-" Crack I went the revolver ; the flasi blind ing her, scorching her very face, the bullet whistling within an inch of her head. The poor cresture uttered a wild shriek. Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till she was breathless. " Silence I" he thundered. "I missed you this time, but my aim will he sure next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my bidding, aud go with me and your child to.morrowv, or will you die like a dog, here at my feet 1 As sure as there is a heaven above us, I mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me in the work I have in hand. Come, now, you can halie yourchoice I I would sooner take you along. nd I'll do well by you. What do you sayf Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed I" Tue kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward the window. The night had fallen dark and rainy, there was no help within hearing of the lonely cotte?e. She lookedl up at her husband's face which mocked her with fiend, ish cruelty. "One I two-" " Oh, Heaven pity me.? Yes, I will swear." The pistol was lowered from her head. "Titat's a sensible girl now," commented her husband. " I'll take you nlong, and you shall share my good fortune ;and you'll lead a jolly life Clotilde. Even if I marry again. as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pos. session of my title and estates. I will pro. vide for you handsomely; and I'll not for. sake you either, for in spite of all this, Im fond of you, Clotilde. And you will have the satisfaction, too, of seeing your soc the heir to a baronetcy ; for I shall make the lad mo heir and successor." She leaned her head upon her clasned hands, and made no movement or answer: "Well, now," lie went :n. "One thing more, and we are done. You mast sweat never to leave me. You are to stick to me and my fortunes. Come-swear." The cold steel touched her throbbing head again. It was a hard oath to take-to stick to this man and his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, and yet not even be his wife, But she did not hesitate; after that other oath, by which she surrounded both wifehood and motherhood, nothing could move her. "Yes, I swear," she answered, quietly. He returned the pistol to his breast, and buttoned up his cont. Clotilde looked at him, as she still knelt, wondering vaguely it he could ?e the man who wo~rd and won her girlish love? lie had chanlged terribly in tihe brief time since he had surrendered his soul to the power of sin. But his voice brought her toher feet. ' Come, come-look alive, There is no time to lose. You might pack up our best thins, anid mae the bty all ready, and I will call upon Larcom,and instruct himasn tosl whatdis. position to make of what we leave behind us. But this job must be done first." (TO nE CONTINUED.) 