The Haunted Hut No. 6 Meredith, accepting the inevitable did not wait for the company to call up his contribution to the evenings entertainment, but as soon as each was comfortably settled arpund the fire, straightened himself up and opened out. ' Stories ' he said of a ghostly nature seem to find so much favour amongst us, that 1 shall offer no apologies for recounting my own little experience of a haunted' hut. Though I cannot hope to rival the glories or ghastiliness of . those that have gone before, mine will hardly be found devoid of interest. In 4ny c$se it proved as jfreat a strain upon my &eryes; as they were bnilt to safely stand. Relief in ghosts however I never bad, and always accepted oppor tunities offered of bowling out the mystic gentry, with the result that a few queer adventures - have now and again fallen to my lot. Not the least of these oocured npQn the Billabong, near Jerildera where I was enjoying a holi day at a friends station, t One evening, the conversation turned as conversations .«ften ;wiU,., apon uncanny subjects, when it was casually mentioned, that., the neighbourhood ' boasted a real haunted hut, near whioh ' no one would venture upon a stormy night, let alone ocoupy. Interested at ~ onoe I asked particulars, and learned that several years before a boundary rider and his wife lived there none too harmoniously, for' while she was a. oofirmed soold, and sloven, be was given to oooasional outbursts of violent passion. Ji. olimax was reached one stormy evening upon the man's return frqm fjis daily round, tired, ^et, and vw'8 o'oloak), for his supper. Com. ? plaint bcpught gn retort, and mutual recrtrtrinatka^fq emphasise, which uthe wom^n^j^^ '-iiroken aanoer atiher \- husband^whieh. striking him across ihe nose and eyebrow left an ugly gash. Blinded with anger '«nd /blood, he ; his.saddle.wdtohisnltimateobn sternitionvfoiipd he had feUed.her. His first~1^ulse, to repprt the iin-. ; ' he - .at .sought . to - hide : toaoefc of the crime. To. , this end he' looked dobip and window, put - out, the ' fire; aiidoonfiried the candle tight to' a small Bpot u^the^ntr^ .of |th^.«aTtl)«n floor, whioh he at onoe stated with nick and shovel t6 exoavate. , :8uSking/ ( ft hole l^rge enough to take the body, r sotoetflvB' or i«u(. tot ^ ' depfc f be oovered tbe bottom with^» J#yer of quick lime, rolled his wiles'. re _ mains 'into it. and coveted them up : with the balance of the lime; Filling by smoothing, .oyer . and |iardej^M Ae, ; , snrfaoe, throwing gurpJte^oSbris' ^i^o^w^oodad mpk «waiiig$MMfc» t:.k i. ? -.. ??? back door. The old bags which served as carpeting, were replaced over the disturbed earth, the fire relighted, doors and windows unlocked, and a normal appearance given to things. Then catching and saddling up the horse he had not an hour before released, he rode over to the station and enquired whether his wife, whom he had not he said, found at home, vas weather bound there. Of course she was not, and he pretended to wonder where she could have got to. The nasty cut across his nose and brow, he accounted for by saying that re turning in the dark he had cantered, against his wifes wire clothes lijio with disastrous results. His continued enquiries, next day among neighbours served to allay suspicion against him self, and led to the impression that she had deserted him. After a week passed in pretended search, he announced that he had re ceived, and showed, a note ostensibly from her, stating that Bhe was lying ill at a friends place near Denelequin, and wanted to see him. In response, he closed his hut, drew his wages, and set off on horseback towards the town in question. .Several weeks vfter this my friend received a letter from him stating that his wife having died, he had accepted good billet up Queensland way and would be glad if ' his few bits of things, were stored for him, until sent or called for. From that day henceforth he disappeared, and his hut became deserted ; but a strange thing happend. Three months after he had gone, an inquisitive station hand in passing, noticed a subsidence in the centre of the hut floor, which led to investi gation and the ultimate discovery of the womans remains, and, stowed away in a mustard tin between the wall plate and the roof, a written, though unsigned confession of the crime. Not till then did people assert that upon stormy nights unearthly screams proceeded from the direction of the hut, and afterwards, ready ears con firmed the foot, and seoured the place its unenviable reputation. These statements were enough to determen me to test them, and under the guidanoeof myfriend I made a preliminary survey of the premises. It was built of bark and slabs situated in, the bend of the creek two miles from the homestead, and was about as in nocent a looking structure as could be found in a day's march. It contained two roomB, in one of which was a fireplace, and a part loft, formed with bark laid on beams, between the top of the wall plate and the roof ridge. This loft extended half across the room and was empty. In tbe earthern floor of the room was a depression which had been the murdered woman's grave. Under the window, a rough table was fastened to the wall, and near the fire place a three legged rustic stool lay on its side, The whole of the premises were in a dilapidated condition ; the doors had fallen from their hinges, the windows were broken, while the bark walls and roof sadly needed repair. De solation was pictured on every stick of timber and sheet of bark about. Having located the place, I deter mined to spend the following night in it, with such company as would venture, or else alone. Alone it was, with my dog, gun, book, candle and food. Providing myself with ample fuel, I lighted a good fire and sat before it book in hand, and dog and gun beside me. Alas though for the spirit of adventure, not one suspicious circumstance occurred the whole night, and I returned next morning to my Mends, smiling at their credulity. . If was then insisted that tne gqost amy iavoureu stormy nignis, and for one of these 'I bad to wait a week. Then I ventured forth again, and got well aBd comfortably settled before the tempest broke, whioh it did in right earnest about eight o'clock. Tbe. night was pitch dark, the trees moaned heavily as they bent to the blast, and the rain came down in torrents, so that I was glad even of the .shelter provided. The night gradually grew wilder and more chilly until I found it impossible to give attention to my book, and closed it. My dog too grew restless, and frequently cast up enquir ing glances at my faoe. He would lay down a moment or two, as if trying to settle himself to sleep, then with a start .raise himself and listen to ihe wildness without. Bising to his feet at last, be began roaming round the rooms, sniff ing here and there, and giving voioe to a low growl . Finally he fixed himself at the depression in the floor, eyed it with curious suspicion, sniffed all over it with several times, andihen suddenly parted away with a suppressed /«nd trolled whine, and in evident fear, insisted npon entangling himself between my legs. Then for the first time I heard .a faint j £qqn(jUaB of olanking chains, but for tlie life of me oould not looate them. They seemed to be carried upon the wings of the increasing stonn with which they grew louder .and nearer. Added to all this, the spasmodic Bhiver SBgStofe- lo^r'^hinipg/o^ggm^rdis -tressed dog -begaii- to try my nerves un comfortably, and I listened and watched intently. The dank, clank, clank, of the ghostly chains inore&sejf; with my. tiierv5»sness, ,and induced a creeping. of ft brisk fire .oonld noi joonq uer. Presently my rest less dog looked up toward the roof ridge fett le into Ins eyes, as be whined and tried to bide l^OUjeli behind we, that I too looked up and saw a sight that quite unnerved me. Blowly these ; glided aoross the room from the luilf loft above, an indistinct ^OTffl.'Vphicli ^can'onl; ; liken tofe human being 4n . a long, -white, loose, gauzy, gown, wd as it moved, the clanking of thc'chains, like the wind and rain with out, became more violent: Hastily how . forget the sequel, ?Hie'- the report ?died arose suoh an unearthly, agonising, shriek, that for several seconds, my dog and I were paralysed. Recovering, the poor brute raced madly round the room seeking an outlet, which I now no -less desired than he, and soon found by tearing the door open and rushing out into the storm, glad to feel even the fuiy of the tempest which I could understand, rather than the- wierd presences which were mysteries to me. In spite of the chilling wind and sleet, the perspiration poured off me, and mingled with the rain that drenched, while I leaned against the verandah post, exhausted. My poor dog en tirely disappeared, and but for shame, so would I, but my reputation was at stake, and could not be lightly thrown away. What next to do I could not for some time decide, for to court a repitition of my late experience was more than my courage consented to. Between this and abject defeat appeared no alternative, - so I at last braced myself up for a return. Look ing carefully to the reloading of my gun, and keeping it at the [ready, I cautiously stepped into the doorway, watching and listening. Still there rose above the fury of the tempest, the horrid clanking of the chains, which however I now readily located in the loft above. As I crossed the door, sill too, the same terrible, agonising shriek rose, which before had so seriously shaken my nerves, and even now gave me instant pause. I however was better prepared and and listened attentively if fearfully, remarking in the sound, a strongly metallio vibratory ring, which too proceeded from the loft, and was rather more prolonged than before. Steadying myself against the door post, I watched tbe loft intently and noticed further that a thin stream of white smoke was passing from the chimney at the end of the loft, to the roof gable opposite. Tbe identity of my ghostly visitant ending thus the smoke, at once in spired me with a confidence that enabled me to search out the other mysteries with some degree of courage. I now alBO remarked that the clanking of chains varied with the force of wind outside. Mounting the table there fore, candle in hand, I peered into the loft, and discovered a pair of rusty hobbles suspended by a nail from the rafters, which were swaying about by the inrushing draughts, and clanked to gether incessently. From a crack in the chimney too, I saw smoke, from the fire below, creeping into the loft, widen ing as it came, and pass across to an opening in tbe opposite gable. Thus' assured, I became emboldened, and sprang into the loft with my candle, to seek out its remaining secret, and a speedy settlement followed, for once again tbe shriek came, long, weird, wailing, and dreadful, .but no longer mysterious. The fame of the haunted hut was undermined, and its glory was tottering to a fall, for it now stood thoroughly convicted of false pretences, of fraud and dishonorable practices upon a credulous humanity' The whole source of its reputation was an /Eolean tin-whistle ; a small sheet of tin (against the edge of which the gale blew) stuck in the roof to stop a leak. Nothing more, nothing less. Restored once more to courageous manhood, I des cendedto the floor, piled fresh wood upon the fire, and speqt the rest of the night anxious for the morning to break, that I might hasten to relate my dis coveries, These created considerable astonishment, and gained for me no little credit for having exorcised the demon of the hut. To be continued. 