The fairy tales of science have put those of the nursery completely in tho shade, and man feels himself standing on the verge J of changes more momentous than any of 1 the wondrous discoveries of tho past. The j telegraph, the telephone, tiie railway, the R6ntgcn ray arc all startling enough in their way, as is the achievement by which the whirling watora of Niagara are put in tracesand made to carry light to cities scores of miles distant. But these nre mcro in cidents in tho vestibule of the cave of. knowledge that man is rapidly exploring. When the late laureate " looked into tho " future far as human eye could see," with his poet's optics in fine frenzy rolling, it seemed to him that a vision of mrial argosies dropping down from the skies with costly bales, nnd of navies "grappling " in tho central blue," exhausted tho possibilities of a very audneioits fore cast. But. air ships and flying machines arc the tritenesses of to-day. No week in tho fifty-two of the revolving year passes us without some new announce ment calculated to dazzlo nnd astonish. Laborious chemists aro toiling away in a thousand laboratories, striving to pluck out tho heart of tho world's inscrutable mystery ; patient electricians poro ove'r tho mighty problems of the laws that govern tho lightning fluid porvnding all matter ; plodding mechanicians aro over and ever adding a new momentum to tho mighty enginos by which man masters the giant forces of inert matter. And, truly, tho results aro marvellous. The chemists tell us of " the coming on of " time " when no longer there will bo Heeded herds of oxen and flocks ot sheep to convert the verdant pastures into succu lent meat ; when the transforming cruciblo will no longer bo tho gross process of an animal's stomach, hut follow somo magical laws of chemical combinations, which aro already almost understood. In that day, near at hand wo aro assured, human flesh and blood will be manufactured out of air nnd earth and water so readily that it will bo as abundant as the proverbial leaves in Vallambrosa ; and exploring parties, instead of having to starve in inhospitable deserts, will recoup their commissariats at will. - Byron told us a verity when he said that " truth is always strange — stranger than " fiction." Nothing in Poe'3 talcs of mystery and ' imagination, nor in Vcrno s balloon stories, can exceed in marvel the discovery of bow a man can send a message to bis friend twenty miles away without the guidance of a wire or any other modo of material communication. Ib -is not so much tho actual achievement itself, startling as it is, as the existence of tho law that it lays bare, and the door of discovery that it sets ajar as an invitation to further investiga tion. " The best of prophets of the future " is the Pnst," says the poet ; nnd therein lies the key to this wonder-working age. The inventions and scientific acquire ments of yesterday aro ilie guarantee of still greater R6s to-morrow. Reverence for the Pa3t wanes with us, just as expec tancy of the Future waxes. All the world stands with its faco straining towards tho rising sun. . Ono can scarcely take up a book or a magazine without meeting some foretaste of tho revolution on the edge of which wo stand. Mark Twain in his comical way tells us how the new Knights of the Table Round will slaughter their enemies by means of an electric cordon that will strike dead all who touch it; and Edison, still harping on mammoth murder, declares that in electricity lies tho means of " laying " out " whole armies by the mere pressure of a button. Mr. Lathrop, a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine," has quite other views. lie forecasts a time when "war is at an end. A singlo old hulk " now, mounted with a telescopic gun, can " settle an angry dispute from a distance of " two-score miles." That, however, is after... the federation of the world lias become an accomplished fact. Tho vory destructireness of man's lethal weapons in that time is to bo an efficient safeguard against .their use. A telescopic cannon will bo able in those days to send forth another cannon, and the second, even in midcourse, will . discharge a. third, which vomiting n projectile on a doomed city might destroy it with the effectiveness of a first olass earthquake or an infuriated volcano. In this way the very griinness of AVar's visage will have driven it out of the earth ns an arbitrament amongst nations. Tho absence of tho war spirit is in itself a revolution. The millions who now march and countermarch opposite- each other with their threatening matchlocks in the coming peaco must necessarily bo turned - into agents of industry.' In that time a vessel is to be dis covered that will neutralise gravita tion and give us a passage to Mars in eight hours. The trams and cycles of tho future will all run with electric motors, and distance will almost bo annihilated. Air ships will not (ly aloft at risk and at random, hut be supported ori solid columns of compressed air as stable as the earth itself. There will be no citios in those halcyon days, says Mr. Lathrop. Tho traveller who then sails or floats through space will look' down and see all " the country beautifully laid out " in small towns, villages and hamlets, " with perfect roads leading from one to " another, and largo groves or tracts of " wild woodland interspersed. Every aero " of the open ground', excepting the ileitis " reserved for sports and public meetings, is " to be thoroughly tilled, with electrical " arrangement for the fixature of nitrogen " in the soil, so as to produco vegetables " containing sustenance liko that of meat, " and for raising apples, pears and peaches " a foot in diameter." Men will rarely go to any public tboatro becauso the per formances can be exactly reproduced by each one in his own dwelling by means of an elaborate and improved kinetoseopo. In short, every one may have and must have tho highest civilisation brought to his own door wherever ho lives. Mr. Malt-hus, in that day, may see in spirit how short-sighted was his tremor lost the race of men should multiply itself beyond the means of subsistence. Men in those days will smile at tho primitive idea of raising wheat from the soil and wool from the hack of a sheep, when tho same chemical processes may be put in opera tion by means of machinery, and food and clothing made to an indefinite extent by almost automatic labor. But all this is on tho material plane. There aro speculative thinkers who aro- not neglecting the moral side of man's nature. Clearly in a complex being like man it is inexpedient to permit an undue expan sion of any one of bis faculties without a corresponding growth in tlio rest. A writer in the March number of the "Fort nightly Review" strongly urges this view on his countrymen. Tiie recent rate of advance in the physical sciences renders it very advisable for a systematic movement in tho moral sphere. Ho maintains that " our civilisation depends on the possi- I " bility of constructing a rational code of morality to meet the complox rcqiiire- " ments of modern life, and of efficiently " organising the forces of moral sug- " gestion to render it opcrativo." IIo j thinks tho world's present level of intel lectual and moral attainment high enough j to allow of tho formulation of a distinct j moral codo upon which all educated people can agree. Ho thinks that tho jarring I notes of teachers anil preachers destroy all ' approach to a common ideal. But he I fails to perceive that his argument would ho fatal to original thought, whilst It would cramp all tlic higher faculties within the compass of ono uniform pattern, which in itself means stagnation and tho death of further progress. As an instance, thorc arc men indus triously working away in that dim region of nature known ns the " Borderland." The Psychical Resoarch Society is regarded by many lmrd-huadcd, practical men as a body of fond dclusionisls, somewhat akin to the alchemists of old, who grow grey nnd furrowed in searching for tho clement that was to transmute baso metal into gold. And "yet nature herself 1b unquestionably an alcbomist who lias performed tins precise operation. Sho has cortainly hidden away her secret with real skill ; but it is not impossible that the man who lets us into the knowledge of tho pro cess by which grass is changed into meat may ulso tell us tho con stituents of tho auriferous metal. Is it too much to hope that a more subtle science than cither of theso inay somo day or other light upon the scat of that wonderful entity of which wo understand only tho manifestations under tho terms "life" and "conscious- " ness"? Must it over continuo that a being who can count the stars and moasuro their courses to a hair's breadth of tlmo shall remain ignorant of wlinimn lin hiin- solf coincs, how ho exists, and whence ho travels when bound for that bourne that seams to swallow him up into nothingness ? It would scorn as if science lias no more than begun to lisp baby notes out of her dumb infancy. AVliat inay wo not hope from her when slio shall attain to virilo speech and Btature ? The investigations which tho Old Ago Pensions Commission is making into the causes and conditions of poverty should lead to useful social results. A wide field of inquiry is embraced by the question : Are old ago pensions necessary, and if so why? Lack of regular work, insufficient wages, waste, extravagance, drink, disease and death aro ull contributing causes to poverty — each a subject requiring the most painstaking and analytic investigation before means can possibly bo suggested to effectively striko at the rootof tho evil. But tho evidence already given by Dr. Strong indicates one fruitful theme in this connec tion. Tho rev. gentleman, who has had a fife's experience in dealing with distress and nll'ording charitable aid, significantly says I don't think most pcepls know how much tho poor upend upon funoral.-i. AVc often find that when we have been aijisting a family through the sickness of its head, and tho sick man dies, thcro is an elaborate funeral, coiting up to £9. Of course these are often provided by the_ frioiully societies. Their contributions aro .utilised in providing a grand funeral. That this is so there can bo no doubt ; why it should bo so is a very different matter. Analytical tables of tho causes of povortyin Great Britain, thoUnitcd States and Germany place "sickness and death" first in tho fist, want of work second, and drink third. AVe need not descend further in the table. It is enough to deal with tho first cause first. Sickness is, in Australia, very fairly provided against by friendly societies, with their systems of lodge medical attendance nnd dispensaries, sick pay and free hospitals ; but benefit societies, in furnishing a certain sum for the " funeral expenses " of their members, merely touch the fringe of the death ques tion, and what they do is discounted by the custom which prevails of heavy pro portional expenditure on interment. AA'liy a family which has lost its bread winner should impoverish itself further, and devote to tho undertaker the .scanty pro vision that 'is available to keep tho wolf, for a time at least, from the door of tho widow and orphans is unaccountable on rational grounds. It is the outcome of long custom, pride and mistaken senti ment. It is ono of tho mo3t cherished fetishes of poorer class respectability that there should be a proportionally oxtravn- gaut display of external signs of grief and mourning at a funeral. " Tho " neighbors" — who represent public opinion to the bereaved family- would regard a quiet, cheap burial either as indicating a lack of decency and respectability, or the existence of abject poverty in tho survivors. The sentiment which prompts the render ing of honor to the departed is ono co-cqnal with civilisation, pervading all ranks and classes of humanity, and is a worthy and honorable one; it is only when carried to an oxccss which sacrifices the vital interests of the living for the sake of more passing honor to the dead that it becomes an evil. Primeval man, who simply exposcdliis'dead to the elements, bad no sooner emerged from his primitive animalism than ho began to observe funeral rites, to build cairns over the dead, to hew out rough stono coffins ; anil as tho perception of a second life dawned upon him, to cater for tho sup posed wants and to seek to propitiate the favor of the chiefs, relatives or friends .who had vanished into another and niore mystorious sphere of being. Tho motives of those funeral observances were fourfold. Firstly, as expressions of affection anil regret; secondly, of solicitude for future welfare ; thirdly, of fear of tho possible influence of the 'spirit or ghost ; and fourthly, as a memorial of deeds accom plished, or of olannish pride. Moats and drinks were piled over the grave, tho weapons and utensils were added that the departed warrior might start on his new fife well equipped. Ilorsos and slaves were slaughtered on tho tomb of the cliiftf that he might be well attended. Tlio Lapps, in their land of frost and snow, remembering the necessity of lire, never buried a corpse without flint, steel and tinder. The Gonds even provided their dead with tootlmicks : and the ancient Greeks, civilised as thoy wore, placed an obolus in the dead man's mouth as a ferry toll to Gharon, and a honey cake beside him as a sop to Cerberus. Modern humanity lias passed beyond tlio region of these suporstitious observances, though the hill tribes of tho Noilgherries still let loose a goat on a (load man's grave to carry away his sins, and in Wales it was once tho custom to engage "a sin cator" to cat a loaf over the gravo on tho supposition that the sins of tho dead were swallowed with it. Progressive Japan lias abandoned the barbarous custom of submitting slaves to tho hari- kari on tho tomb of tlicir lord, substituting the much cheaper and inoro huniano ceremony of disembowelling offigies. But if we have discarded the barbarous and tho superstitious in the rites for tho dead, we have in their place developed the proportionally more expensive modern funeral. An Emperor may spend a mil- lion on tlio obsequies of his father with out infringing the dictum of Confucius in ancestor-worshipping China that "a man " should not spend more than half his " substance on tho burial of his parent." J The American millionaire may bo laid in j state for days, dressed in the most expen sively and fashionably cut garments, bedecked with pearl studs, ,diamond rings and rouge- touched cheeks, and he buried in a marble mausoleum cost ing a fortune; but those extrava gances groat as thoy seem, aro rola- tivoly insignificant beside the expenses which the poor incur, honoring their dead at the expense of tho bread that should fill empty mouths und stay empty stomachs. If money cannot be scraped togothor or borrowed, there is still the " timo payment funeral " available, and present wnnt and future debt aro incurred to make a mortuary display. It is difficult indeed to deal with the all pervading Rontimental influence, embalmed as it jj in the traditions of law, the customs of ilnily life, nnd oven in literature. AVc find it emphasised in the Inst lines of Enoch Arden — Anil when he (lloil, tlio llttlo port Had neldatn souu a coollior funor.il. It shows itself among the wild western rowdies of Mark Twain's pages, whore with sorrowful prido tlio Colorado rough describes his comrade's "planting":— " AVitli four horses, glass coach, plumes " on tho hearse, nigger in phi" " hat nnd bilod rag on the box— " there ain't goin' to bo no slouch about ® "his funeral, you bet." Ifamlet placed little stress upon tho " inky eloak and etis- " tomary suits of solemn black" ; but then Hamlet was supposed to be mnd ; and popular feeling generally is still on the side of that estimable undertaker, Mr. Mould, who would not take anytliin so low as " a walking ono of two, plain " wood nnd a tin plate." To their bitter cost and trouble, oven the poorest prefer (o make a funeral display beyond their moans, and to enable the philosophic and philan- tropic undertaker to say; — " How much " consolation havo I (Utilised among my " fellow creatures by tho agcucy of my " long-tailed pranccrs, never harnessed " under ten pund ten !" 