IS THIS A MIRACLE? b AN Mi P's. VIEWS ON THE SUBJECT. WHAT MR. LABOR-LEADER t M'GOWEN KNOWS. P From the Australian Workman. b Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, a was seen by our reporter in connection b wvith the remarkable case of Mr. Thomas t1 Jarvis which was given some weeks ago e in this paper and which is given below. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known t Jarvis from infancy. He also knew b that be had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady whtch he a developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there i was little chance of his recovery. He understoodl Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced as incurable. Mr. 1 M'Gowan was, therefore, like everyone I else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representa- 1 tive made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis,.45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convales cence. cIn reply to the preliminary questions he said : "You want to know all about my case Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering I" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have' done nothing since. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt Street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something teirible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw was cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shalking Cthe20~rd or March--sI3t-I~Sawa1~el known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order I" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and diffi cultyin co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to showthat medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in Eng land, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvel lous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was thle matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken fSor boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there They are perfectly new, and I have never Sused them. They were made for me :before I got the Pink Pills, but I was letoo weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, I and I hope soon to do without it. You \- see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. better," said MIIrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The SPink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previ ously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain, now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morpbia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." SSuch is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Wil liams's Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anmmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. 