ME. JOHN'S LOVE STOBI. The wedding had passed offexceedingly well, and everybody was satisfied, especially with the fact of its being over. It had taken place at the old- fashioned early hour, so that the bride and bridegroom and all the guests might be gone before evening, and'Mrs Wallace, the bride's grandmother, might have time to settle down again before bed time. She was a very vigorous and plucky old lady, but she admitted that at four-score years it is well to keep to regular hours. It was evening now. Mrs Wallace had retired to her dressing- room, and the whole house had resumed its wonted aspect. At the drawing-room' window stood Christy Wallace, looking out at the lingering, sunset, and meditating on the fact that no one was so thankful that the wedding was over as herself, and that for all her thankfulness life promised to be a little uninteresting just for the.present. Blanche had been there so long, that though the cousins had by no means been all-in-all to one another, they had made part of each other's existence ; and as for Harold, he had been at The House all hifc life long, and had rim in and out of Mrs Wallace's house as if it had been his own. There had been a time, before and after Blanche arrived upon die scene, when Harold had come in and out as Christy's acknowledged, if" not accepted, lover. Then - Blanche's livelier *wayS''attracte& him, and nobody had much account of Christy's prior claim. Mrs Wallace even had said little, and though she had devised a multiplicity of errands aud occupations for her elder grandchild, she had. refrained from petting, or any words of compassion —a form of consideration for which Christy very heartily thanked her. Christy was thinking of all this as she leaned against the window, and could not be sorry that the strain of the lover'B presence was removed. Blanche had behaved very well all through—been very affectionate and cousinly, but there was the faintest suspicion of kindly condescension in her treatment of the girl whom she had supplanted. As for Harold, his bluff good- fellowship had been a daily trial. They were gone, but the removal of her cross made Christy feel as if life would consist of nothing to do for some time to come. She looked up the hill to where the chimneys of The House showed between the trees, and wondered if Mr John was experiencing anything like her own feelings now that Harold was gone, an! he had the place to himself. She wondered, too, if now they would allow him the use of his surname, or if he was to be Mr John to the end of the chapter. He had gained the name during his uncle's life, and after Mr Turton's death, 'Harold, Mr John's half-brother, had carried so much the more imposing presence that the Bquire still remained in the background as Mr John. He was quiet and studious, and if he had any love for society he repressed it, partly from his disinclination to be outshone by his younger brother, partly from his desire to amend, if possible, the fallen fortunes of his little estate. It was known that his uncle had been ambitious that he should marry money, but Mr Jolm appeared to prefer to save his. money by strict economy. If he had ever paid court to anybody, he and that person were the only ones that knew it. ' Harold also wouldhavc been pleased to see him marry money, though he was generous to hini, and though Harold had a sufficient fortune of his own. Harold had been much the bigger man at The House, and Christy half smiled at the thought of Mr John being lorced by circumstances to take his own place. The sun was going down now, the garden lay in a shadow, though the bright rays still shone on Mr John's chimneys, and on the roses that clustered over Christy's window. Suddenly there was a step on the turf, and someone came leisurely around the corner of the house. "May I come in, Miss Wallace ? • It is lonely up at The House." • It was Mr John himself, and she hastened to admit him. " I was thinking of you," Bhe said, "and wondering if we were to. take to calling you "by your rightful name now that there is only one of you." " There has been opiy one of me all my life long, I thiiik, aa(L that one bss .heen Mr John. ; I&Would;'fo diSicuit to turn it into anything else, Miss Wallace." "Not more difficult, 1 should think, than, yon found it to change me from Christy to Miss Wallace," she said, with a little smile. Shat happened, and had to happen, when you grew up," he replied, with a faint flush rising to his face. " When_are yon going to grow np, then, Mr . John,?- -J.was rather slow at it'if it only happened five yearn even anoredilatory,*' .said Christy, talking for the sake of talking.. What.jdo people do when they grow up I. Got married, like Harold and Blanche 1 ./Well, I admit thatwe have let' our. juniors get.the start ofus in that." hope'jthey will have s. happy life," he ended dreamily." < 'They expect it, and - they are-lighthearted paople.Blanche is not often out of Spirits,*' • Then itiie two i&psed; iinto silence, and gat gazing out orer the.landscape. They were both thinking of Blancheand Harold and of themselves as irelL \- rfSChe jjmn -net, snEtiie ^rammer twilight liad.it tall its ojra*iy ^garden end -wood it*'.' * - id jn^adow, jOnd herc^ ifi Clir| awxngjoom, i too, whc&o; tjjthe " ' ;ures 4at by the windot^xini Christy stirred herself with a S3 laugh, as a. thrush in the acacias broke into sudden cry. " lam keeping you here all in the dark," she said, and would have risen to ring for lights. "Not yet," besought Mr John. "L came up here with a distirict purpose tonight, and I do not know how to set about it. I am a shy, awkward man. Will yon forgive me if I make a blunder?" " Surely," answered Christy in bewilderment. I want to Bhow you a letter you once wrote me," and he selected a note from his pocket-book and handed it to her. " Do you remember it T' Christy opened it aud read it by the waning daylight. He watched her as she leaned to the window, thinking what a dainty, delicate hand she had: DE&B.; M& JOHN,—I am sorry you asked me, because it is impossible. - Grandmamma could not .spare me. Harold will explain it to you. Yours faithfully, She handed it back to him. " I remember it very well, but it is a long time ago. I thought it must have offended you somehow, for it was then that I suddenly grew up." "It is possible for a man to be hurt without berigi^ofiended. The note hurt me, but something was Baid yesterday which made me think there had been a .mistake. Will you tell me what it was that I asked, and you found impossible t' Christy began to feel nervous; there was something almost portentous in the extreme quiet of his speech. His face looked pale thronghthe gathering gloonL " It was a message that Harold brought from yon. You asked me to ride with you to Bolton's Cove the next day, and j could not go, partly because granny did not think it proper for me to ride with you alone, and partly because the.servants were going to a confirmation, ahd Jones had to take my horse to drive them. Harold said he could explain all that in words better than I could in writing. I was vexed, because I. wanted to go to Bolton's Core. You see, I remember it all very welL" "Excellently well," he answered, with a curious intonation. "Perhaps you will be surprised to hear that I never did ask you to go to Bolton's Cove, and that I sent you no message on that day." " I don't understand." "No," he answered, his hands moving atlessly, in curious contrast to Christy's, which lay immovable in her lap. It seems that I had two friends just then more anxious for my permanent welfare than my present happiness. I was writing a letter, of some importance to -myself, when my uncle called me away. I'left my desk unlocked, not supposing'that' anyone would be likely to search into my private afiairs, but it proved that I was too trustfuL Harold examined my letter, and reported upon it to my uncle, and, as the result, my letter was suppressed, and a message devised for Harold to cany in its place. 1 have a copy of that letter. Let me light a candle ; I should like, you to read it" Christy sat white and silent- in her shimmering wedding-dress, ghost-like in the. faint light from tho window ; scarcely less so in the little yellow gleaui-of the candle. Not a pose or a motion of hers escaped Mr John that night. She was rather frightened now, jrhen he set the candle down on the shelf "beside her, and handed her this^second letter. The paper trembled in herliand, and she bent her head nervously,over it. As she read she trembled more and more, for this was a plain and simple proposal of marriage from a mau to whomijfie;had never dared to lift. her eyes frorp. that point,pf view, and the very simplicity. of it was so like the writer that it was like having his very words breathed, into her ears. It was written five years ago, and he was standing over her now as she read it. To him the time seemed endless as she' sat with bent 4bad considering 'those brief words. But it was more than the words that detained her—it was the shock of the whole thing, and the difficulty of realising its meaning. •She moved at last, and he took back the letter. " The^xplanation that Harold gave me was you preferred "him to me," he said, with the same forc-pd quietude of his former speeches. • • If I sent the letter to you now, what answer would,you give me 7" " Mr John !" spoke Christy in startled tones. " If you said ' John,' it would be all the answer I would ask for," he answered. Christy half rose. She thought she would feel safer on her feet, and at that moment the door opened. " The mistress wants you in her room at once, Miss Christy, and shall I bring in the lamp V Christy went up swiftly to her . grandmother—a little shocked at having forgotten her for so long, and a good deal relieved at having gained time before giving her answer. Mrs Wallace was sitting in her chair by the window, from which she might have seen Mr John's approach to the house. " So John Turton's here," she said, in her sharp, quick way. " What's he come for, Christy V Christy's wits were hardly sufficiently collected for her to give an .immediately intelligible answer. " Never mind," said the old lady, nodding cheerfully, "we.all know that he has not come to see if his brother is left behind in mistake. Now, look here, Christy, John Turton is here to propose to you, and you are a fool if you say * no.' He's no fool, and he's worth a dozen of his brother. Harold was good enough for Blanche, but he was not good enough for you, and I was not vexed when h* threw you over for. her. You take John; he's the man for youand the old lady nodded more and more vigorously in approbation. " But, granny " began Christy, appealingly. " Tut, tut 1 Never mind granny. There, you don't want to be vexing yourseU with the notion that I can't do without you—I can manage, I can manage'. You'do as I bid you. Go down and drop a pretty curtsey and say, ' If you please, Mr John.' That's the thing, and there is no H:vrold to come between you this time. Some old women aren'tso blind as they look, my dear. Come here, Christy," seeing how her grandchild stood irresolute, with face working and eyes suspiciously misty. "Bend down aifd^kUs your granny. Yon have been a good child to me, and a comfort ever since i had you, and I want to see you happily settled. John's - the man for you. Go down to him, and to-morrow you can send him up to me ; I don't want to see him to-night." But Christy lingered, kneeling hv her grandmother, really crying softly, orercojne by the -tenderness bom such an unexpected source, coming on the top of so many disquieting things. Mrs Wallace, did not allow her to cry ng- , *• That s enough, Christy!" die .said bristly. " Cheer up and get about your "business. ''You are keeping the manwaiting." . So Christy had to go down. Mr John, : listening .with the eats of an anxious lover, heard-every footfall--on-the stairs J heard uncertain steps -come across the; hall;'uncertain fingers laid on the door i handle. His heart beat as irregularly as tier feet moved. Hiseyes sought lieraas sheeuteredeagerly, ' anriouBly. ' '' What .IMB Wallaceeaidtoyou!" \- •"•She JBaid thai John *Cnrfcon had come } to propoee to me, and I WBB »Tfool If «utt 'no* Oh, John?" she Baid, in a voice that was smothered in his embrace, " if I iras not JOOJ enough- for Harold—" "Let Harold be ; he lias done us harm enough already, Christy," he said, with voice tremulous vcfth a multitude of Sings. " I am promoted to be John, and I feel that I am growing up !" "John,' she repeated, still muoh smothered, "I—I suppose they will naturally say Mr and Mrs Turton, won't they ?. We shall both be grown up then." Sir John Waters, says the author of "English Eccentrics," was the most admirable Bpy ever attached to an army. In tfce Peninsular War he gave Lord "Wellington the most accurate and valuable information about the Spaniards and their movements. On one occasion he was taken prigouer by a company of Spanish dragoons while still clad in the English uniform. He was supposed to be a stupid jBritifiher- who could not—understand s word of French or Spanish, and his captors conversed freely before him. He learned from his guards, while riding be- tween them, that they were going to kill and rob him at an old mill where the company was to stop for diuner. They would pretend that they shot him because of ills attempt to escape. On reaching the mill the dragoonB dismounted and west into the house, leaving their prisoner outside, in the hope that he would attempt to escape. The instant they were out of sight Waters threw his cloak upon a neighboring olive-bush, and mounted his cocked hat on top. Some empty flour sacks lay on the ground, and into one of them he crawled. A moment later the dragoons came out, fired their carbines at Hie supposed prisoner, and galloped ofij intending to return later to rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sacks of flour, stood near the door, and Sir John, still enveloped in the sack, managed to throw himself on the horse's back, as if he were piart of the load. The owner at length came out, mounted, and rode away, with out detecting the peculiar contents of one of the sacks. When far enough away for Bafety, Waters, finding his position most uncomfortable, managed to free himself from the sack and sat up. The horseman, chancing to look around, beheld the man covered in flour, and took him to be a ghost perched behind him. Terrified at the sight, he fell over in a swoon, and the supposed ghost thrust him to the ground and galloped off. Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greeted by Wellington. CHBXSXUTC WILIICE. 