A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A BEPOBTEB. Thb Interesting Case or Mk. Thomas Jakvis, WHO BAYS THAT A 1'EW W11KK9 A00 HE WAS Crippled — Partially Paralyzed, Suffering moir Locomotor ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and every one said he must die as his Case was Hope lsss. But they were mistaken. 'I'o-Day HE IS A NEW MAN, FUIjIi OF JjIt'JS ANU JiMiiltui, his Crutches he has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Returned, and, in fact, hk has a New Lease of Life Out and Out. i So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few days ago : — One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas JarviB, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He wa3 discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his faca declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to tho preliminary questions, he said 'You want to know all about my case? Well, lam glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tho facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident I was badly scalded while caking a bath in Pitt-street. Sydney. Since the iccident I have been in failing health and after iour years of gradual development of the malady I ivaa forced to give up my billet' at the Glebe Island.' ' Wbat were the Bymptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains wore some thing terrible. They were just about ob much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a s«.w was cutting my bones in two in every part of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I waa incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March laBt I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my esse was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of the order?' ' No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weekB ago I could not- walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing mt-, and did ali he could by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I waa in. I was tinder him for five or six week3. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progrescivo locumoter ataxy, a diseas of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I migbt last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion wa3 fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in She case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pilla for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for p. box. The effect waa as marvellous as it wa3 magical. I was able to eat and sleep gs though nothing was the matter with me.' It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those cratches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' 'He is 100 per cent better,' said Mrs. Jar vis, who hod coma in and taken the baby on her knees. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla have saved hia life, and made another mau of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that rarvia looked ten years younger that day than he Jid a fortnight previously. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back to my le»s. [f I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to ^ork at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascrlbla all the change and benefit to theBe Pink Pills. They have solved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at' the change in me. they can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is the remarkable' history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such is aniemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache. &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Mfdicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order ono box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 