[?] ; A ROMANCE OF CORNWALL. By JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of 'All Men are Liars, ' 'Fields of Fair Renown,' 'The Story of Andrew _ Fairfax,' &c-; Ciiaptee XXIV^— Tells of the Stbange Revelation Made by the Madman of Bedrdthen Steps akd of Tahhin Thus COOT'S TnEACHEBT. For a moment I gave myeelf up as lost. 1 remembered how tbe black waters of the gulf coiled and circled, and knew that there mus$ be Home strong current underneath ; remembered, too, how the stick I had thrown into it had disappeared from sight, and felt that there could be no hope for me. But this was only for a moment. I was a strong swimmer and had been accustomed to the water all my life. After all, ' iicll s Mown' was not very wiae, and I Loped I should be able to grasp the edge of the rocks and thus save myself. Then I remembered that Oap'n Jack and his followers would, if possible, keep me from ever escaping if it were in their power bo to do. I had in a moment destroyed their hopes of ever getting Granfer Fraddani's treasure, for not one of them would dare to descend into the treacherous depths of the waters where I had thrown it. AH this passed through my mind like a flash and then I felt myself drawn by a terrible current down and down into the depths. ' It's all over,' I thought; 'I shall have to go to my Maker without ever saying good-bye to my darling ;' and then death seemed terrible V to me. So terrible, indeed, was the thought of it that I determined I would not die, aud I held my breath as well as I could while I was carried along by the force of the current. How long I was under water I cannot say. It could not have been long, for one cannot live long without air ; but it seemed ages to me. As I look back now it eeems as though those few seconds were long years. I will not try and tell the thoughts that passed through my mind or of the terrible things through which I thought I went. It is not a part of this story, neither do I expect I should be be lieved if I related it. God in His infinite mercy, however, did not will me to die; for presently my head shot above the water, and that without any effort of my own ; and then instinctively I started swimming, after drawing a deep breath. As soon as I was able I looked around me, but tho surroundings were entirely strange. Above me rose a cliff a good many feet high and towards this I swam, being very careful, however, to save myself from striking against any of the countless rocks, some of which were only partially covered. Tbe sea was very calm and thisjyas^my-. salvation, for presently I was able to ge,t a footing on one of the rocks without being bi&t.; This' done I again looked around me, buiptllifi vain. On the one hand was these^'on the other rose the black cliffy ?' ... . .'?. ? ? jt As I said the 'night was very calm, only now and then the Robbing, moaning wind swept along the waters, and it was through this fact that I ascertained my whereabouts. On listen ing I thought I heard the sound of voices, loud, angry voices; but I was so bewildered that at first I knew not what they meant, but I fancied they were not far away ; then I fell to thinking of the direction from which the sound came and 1 imagined that the current must have carried me to the east side of the island, not far from the southern extremity where I had been. This brought back to my mind the reason wby I had been thrust into the water, for those terrible feelings which possessed me as I was sucked down into the depths of Hell's Mouth had driven from my mind all thoughts of the nurDOse which had brought me on the island. And here I must confess, to my shame, that roy first definite thought on realising my condition wasnotthankfulnesstoGod for having saved mo from manifold dangers, but one of anger and impatience because I had been foiled in my purposes. It soemed to me as though defeat tracked my steps everywhere. Ever and always I was outwitted by more clever brains than my own ; and now, when I fancied I had wealth and power within my grasp, it wa3 snatched from me in a moment I did not remember the probability that the sup posed treasure was no treasuro at all, for the improbability of anyone hiding a box of great value at such a place had never occurred to me. To my mind tho whole business had been plain enough. Granfer Fraddam knew of such a thing and had kept its whereabouts a profound secret ; and only through the clever nsss and affection of Eli had I discovered the hiding-place. Evidently, too, Cap'n Jack Truscott's anxiety to possess the direc tions showed his belief in the reality of hidden riches. Since then, however, I have much doubted it. It seems to me next to im possible that such a place should be chosen to hide great riches. Moreover, what was the reason for hiding it ? Why had it not been taken away before ? And yet, on the other hand, why had the box been placed there with so much care and in such a wild unfrequented place if it did not contain something of great value? These questions, I suppose, will never bo answered now. The box lies at tbe bottom of 'Bell's Mouth,' and all tho richc3 of the -world would not tempt ma. to try and drag it : from its resting-place. I was saved by the in ; finite mercy of God and, strong man as I am, I cannot help shuddering even now at the thought of what I felt as I was dragged by unknown powers through the depths of that awful place. I write this that any who may road these lines may not be tempted to ven ture life and reason to obtain that iron chest. Not even Cap'n Jack Truscott or any of his gang dared do this and what they dared not attempt is not for flesh and blood to regard as possible. At that time, however, I did not think of these things. To me it contained un told riches; in that iron casket lay love, riches, happiness, home. I bad failed to obtain it, even although I had dragged it from its restiiig-nlaco, because of the subtlety of Cap'u Jack's gang. And yet I rejoiced that I had thrown it into the culf. If they had foiled me I had also foiled them. All the same I waa en raped because of my failure, especially as I saw no means of getting back Pennington. Then I thought of Naomi at Mullion Cove and wondered how she fared. I bad told her that when I came to her again I should bring the means whereby all her difficulties would be removed, and the intensity of my lovo for her made my disappointment the crroater. I thoucht how sorrowful she would bo, and yet I rejoiced with a great joy because .of her lovo for me. Ay, ovon then, clinging to a rook closo to that lonely island with enemies near ine, I could ..have shouted with joy at the memory of her . words to me as I left her by the .cottage to which I had taken her. .. . For love overoometh all things. ' All these things passed quickly through my slow- working brain ; indeed, they were an impression rather than a Beries of thoughts. . ' Presently, too, I was able* to distinguish the words that were spoken. I could hear Eli pouring forth curses which I will not here write (down,' while the Btrauger seemed to bo speaking in_my praise.^ As for Cap'n Jock, he eecmed anxiouB to conciliate Eli's anger! ' Come now, booy,' I heard him say, ' 'tis a pity, for sure. I be as zorry as can be. I bo all 'for paice, I be. I wos a bit vexed, when Jaspar thrawed itn into the eay — who wud,dun , be 7 But I did'n main to kill .uu. flier, now, Atcaao'it bB.'elpednow ;-and JasnarPennington, ed'n tbe.fust good, aiau ithara ^gone^tp the. bottoms? the, say-,'. .'V ', ' ''/'. ,'-/ .', A'., . ,''..,. v 'HeTe ait; thp bottom .^otVEU's Month,? shrieked Eli. : ' Ycni.thrawed.. un Ihear.,,' JBjut' yo ah all suffer, Jack Fraddam. If uiaVther ea a witch, I be a wizard, and you shall suffer wuss than the. darkness of tnicky plaace. I ded love Jaspar— He wag-kind to me, ho was: he loved me, he did. He tooked little Eh round with un, he did.' And then followed words which I will not write, for, iudeed, they were very terrible. After this many things were said,' until Cap'n Jack got angry. ' Gab on, you little varmin,' he cried ; ' gab on. You thought you could outwit Jack, did 'ee ? Will yon . be quiet now, or you'll f oiler Jaspar.' 'Youdarn't tich me,' BhriekedEli; 'you darn't. I'd maake yer flesh shrink up ef yer did. I'd make yer eye-balls burn like coals of vire, I wud. Begone from 'ere now, or Til summons the devil, I will. Ho ed'n var from 'ere, I tell 'ee.' And then he said things which he must have borrowed from bis mother, for I know of no other who could think of them. Anyhow he frightened Cap'n Jack and his gang, for they cried out to their leader to leave Eli and the madman, because they were afraid. This they did with many terrible oaths and threats. All the same they left, although they tried to seem to try and leave in a bravo way. 'Iss,' I heard Israel Barnico.it say, 'Jaspar cs out of the way now sure enough. Ef you can rise un from the dead, Eli, tell un that I knaw 'bout the maid he took to Mullion, but she ed'n there now, she ed'n. She's where he would never git to 'er ef he was li vin'.' And he laughed brutally and yet fearfully, I thought. I believe I should have cried out at this had I not heard a moan of agony such as I trust I may never hear again%. It waa the stranger I was sure whom 1 had'heard. 'Tell me where she is,' 'he cried, and- I knew he had followed them. Then I heard the sound of blows followed by groans. ' Lev us do for thiuky little imp, too,' I heard a voice say, ' and_then nobody '11 know uothin'.' 'No,' cried Cap'n Jack. 'Betsey '11 vind out ef we do,' and then I heard their footsteps going northward. All this time I had been lying against the rock and half of my lxtdy being under water I was chilled to the bone. When I tried to move I found that all my limbs were numb, and again I began to fear of escaping from where I wop. But this did not remain long. The words Israel Barnicoat had spoken about Naomi made despair impossible and quickened my mind and body to action. I waited until I judged Captain Jack's gang, to be out of hearing, then I gave a low whistle, the nature of which was known only to Eli and myself. In an instant I heard an answering cry arid' a- few-seconds later I heard his hoarse, euttural voice overhead. 'Jaspar, Jaspar, es «fc you? Thank the Loard 1' ' Yes, Eli ; that rope you brought.' 'Iss, ira, my deear ; iu a minnit.' A few seconds later I saw a rope descend ing. The cliff was perhaps thirty feet in leight just here— I could not judfre exactly— but it was almost perpendicular, so I could not climb it. After much struggling, however, I reach a point where ascent was possible, and aided by Eli, who pulled like a madman at the rope I had fastened around my body, I at length reached a place of safety. 'Oh, Maaster Jaspar ! Maaster Jaspar !' sobbed Eli, 'how glad I be! How I do love 'ee !' and he fondled my wet clammy hands enderly. ' Is the madman dead ?' I asked. ' I dunuaw. Never mind 'bout he. Be you all right ? ^You're 6ure et's you ?' _ ''Sure, Eli, safe and Bound. Let us go to him.' By the aid of the bright moonlight we found him lying seemly stark and dead on the ground. I soon discovered to my joy, how ever, that he was only stunned and a few minutes later he sat up and spoke to. us. 'Jaspar Pennington not dead !' he cried. ' No,' I said, telling him how I had escaped. ' But, come, can you waik ? Have you any bones broken ?' 'No; the fellow stabbed me, but the knife only grazed my side.' 'Then let us go.' 'Go where ?*y he said in a dazed kind of way. ' I must go to Naomi,' I said. 'YeB, yes,' he cried eagerly ; ' how could I forget ? Yes, we must go this moment— this very moment. I am quite well aud strong. Come at once.' He spoke with a kind of dignity, and I looked at him again to assure myself that he was the madman who had saved me by Trevose Head. 'We caan't «?o to-night, ted'n saafe,'said Eli, who continued to fondle my hands and to utter all sorts of endearing terms. ' We must,' he cried, ' we must. There's not a second to lose. We must go straight to Mullion and find her, if she is there ; if not we must not rest till she is in a place of safety.' He spoke in a tone of authority and was so peremptory that I wondered. 'Who are youf I asked. 'What is my love's safety to you ?' 'Everything, Jasnar Pennington,' he re plied. ' I am Naomi Penryn's father.' 'What?' I cried, aghast 'Yes,' he repeated, ' I am Narihii Penryn'a father. Come hither, Jaspar Pennington, and let me tell you.' He led me away from Eli, who uttered Btrange low sounds, as he always did when he was excited, and then the man whom I had thought mad epoke to me iu low earnest tones. 'You have heard my story, Jaspar Pen nington,' he said— 'heard how I struck my wife when she was in a perilous condition. It is true. I thought I had killed her and since then I have never had an hour's peace. I will not tell you what I have done since or where I have been, except that I have been in hell. You thought me mad ; perhaps I have been— I think I have. A little while ago I was drawn to come back to Trevose, but I was af raid to ask any questions. I seemed to be followed by the powers of darkness, who forbade me-- to speak. And yet I was fascinated to the spot You can guess why. I need not tell you anything else now, you know what I would say. The thought that I have a daughter alive and that I did not kill my wife has made the world new I' 'And you did not commit suicide, then?' I said in an unmeaning, foolish sort of way. 'No. Coward that I was I ran away, and for' years— years, nearly twenty now— I have been followed by ? , but never mind, it is gone— all cone. .Only let us go 1 You love my child, Jaspar Pennington. Come, we must find her 1' 'Yes, yes,' I replied ; 'but why did 'you follow me here ?' ' Why ? In my madness I felt that you had the secret of my hfe'sjoy, and because my life has been such that I could not bear you to obtain that which is tho price of lost souls. I— I have been — where I have beard the his tory of that thing which lies under water. It is not a treasure, Jaspar Pennington, it is damnation. Perhaps I will tell you more some day, but not now. Let us leave the island.' ' But it is not safe to leave it by night' ' Yes, I know the way. I have been here jaftny .James— :l4aea.nainonH these iBlaudsv. ' , Seilttakfl ypii to fheBaililog poat whichbrSughi liiia Jto'S't. aifenes- -^e^Zv^pall y6u all .that ^eM6';t|e^g;a8;woipbiM$.?';. ... V .?MJut(3ap1ii,Jack- gang?' „ ... ' 'Their boat is at St.; Mary's.' 'How do you knpw?' . ? . ?? , * 'Enough that I have found out' their plans.' After this Eli and I followed him to a little cove where a boat rocked and ere long we were landed at St. Agnes. Here we found a good-sized sailing boat, and here, too, I dried my clothes in a fisherman's cottage, wondering all the while at the strange things which had befallen me. As soon as morning came we started for St. Ives, for thither Naomi's father determined to go — for Naomi's father I believed him to be. He said that we Bhould thus escape Cap'n Jack's gang and be almost as near Mullion as if we had landed at Penzance. We did not, however, land at St. Ires. The men .who owned the boat consented to take us on to Hay le, which was five miles nearer Mullion than St. Ives. During our sail across I reproached myself greatly for placing Naomi in the caro of Tamsin Trussott, for I believed that she had been led to be unfaithful and had told Israel Barnicoat of her whereabouts. I talked much with John Penryn about these things, over whpui a very great change had come. He was no longer violent in language or in deed, rather he seemed subdued aud very thoughtful. He spoke very calmly and carefully, and sug gested many things which would never have occurred to me. Moreover, all his fears seemed to have gone, the wild, haunted look had passed away from his eyes, while his actions were those of a refined gentleman. On arriving at Hayle we, after much delay and difficulty, obtained horses and rode rapidly towards Mullion, my heart sometimes beating high with hopo and at others lying heavily in my bosom as though all joy were gone ; for, be it known, the revelations of the last few hours had made everything appear in a new light. If this man was Naomi s father — and, as I said, I believed he was— I could no longer assume the position of her guardian and protector. She would no longer look to me as her sole helper and friend. Her father would claim to be first. This led to many other surmises, not many of which were pleasant and which made me ofttimes gloomy and dejected. . *? But these were not the matters concerning which I troubled the most. I troubled about the words of Israel Batnicoot. What did he mean by saying that Naomi was where I should never be able to get to her ? I had had butlittlesleepformany, many hours, but I fcit no weariness. My strength seemed to increase with my difficulties, and I did not once droop in my saddle or rub my eyes like a drowsy man. It must have been near a twenty miles' ride from Haylfftd Mullion, but-wo were not long in covering 1*^ indeed, after we had reached Helstoa'wo-rodfe &s; fasl as the horses would carry us. '-: -''??'''-1' On comiug in sighfr-of Mrs. Crantock' 8 house I left my -companions, so eager was I, and thus reached tbe white house with a green porch some minutes before they came up. Opening the door without knocking I entered and founc Mrs. Crantock looking pale and worried, but I could nowhere see Naomi. i ? 'Thank God you have come,'! tried the woman. ' Why ? Where is she ?' I asked. \ 'Shes gone, I know not where.' : ; ? 'How is that?' I ciied angrily. 'You promised that you would care for her, that you would guard her as if she were your own child.' ' Yes, yea. Oh ! young man, it is wrong to trust to an arm of flesh. ?'' 'Look you,' I cried, catching her roughly by the arm, ' I want no religious talk. I left a lonesome, helpless maid with you, whom you promised to protect. Where is she now? I said this like one demented, as indeed I was. I heard Eli and Naomi's father enter the room, but I took no heed, neither did I listen carefully to the story the woman told. I have some vague remembrance about her saying she went to hear Mr. Charles Wesley, leaving Naomi with Tamsin, and that on her return that morning both had gone. She had en quired of her neighbors and had been told that three men had come to the house at day break and that when .they went away Tamsin and Naomi rode with them in the carriage they had brought. It was well Naomi's father was with me, for my mind was too confused to ask the necessary questions. I reproached myself for trusting Tamsin and for not taking better precautions. I felt I had by my own foolishness lost my love and again allowed her to be in the power of mv enemies. I thought* of a score of things I ought to hare done, while Mr. Penryn asked many pointed questions. We were about to take to the saddles again when Tamsin Truscott rushed into the bouse. The poor girl's face was as paleas that of a ghost and she trembled from head to foot. ' Forgive me, Jaspar !' she cried. I did not speak, for I knew not how to control my words. 'Oh, Jaspar! I — I could not help it. It was so hard — so terribly hard. . I— I loved you, and I thought that when she was gone you would forget her, and then ? ' She did not finish her sentence, but sobbed bitterly as though ehe was in sore straits and truly contrite, as indeed I thought she was. She went on to utter many wordsof selfaccusa tion. She confessed that she had betrayed Naomi's hiding-place, with many other things which I need not here write down. ' Where is she now V 1 cried angrily. 'She is now being taken to Padstow,' she said. ' You know why.' ' Is it the priest?' I asked. 'Yes,' she answered, 'and the Tresid ders.' 'Let us get to our saddles,' I cried; 'we may get there before they.' ' Yes, you can if you ride hard.' ?'What about horses?' said Mr. Penryn, ' these are poor naga ; they were the best I could get, but they are spent with a twenty miles' ride.' ?'They will last to Falmoutb,' I cried. 'We muBt get fresh ones there,' ' 'God forgive me! bub I have no more money,' he said, and at this L too, hung my head, for I was penniless. I looked to Eli, but before the dwarf could speak Tamsin had caught my hands. 'I have plenty, Jaspar,' she cried. 'Oh, let me help you. It was all my fault ; let me do what I can now.' - 'Where is your money, girl?' asked Mr. Penryn. 'It is at Kynance, Jaspar,' she said, nob noticing him. 'Father is not yet home, and we can get there before he returns.' 'It is scarcely out of our way,' I said to Mr. Penryn, 'and it seems our only hope.' And so we went thitherward, although I bad grave doubts as to whether Cap'n Jack had not returned. (To be continued.) 