1TBCE HHTMOUBIST-. A good story of R. L. Stevenson was forthcom ing at the recent dinner of the Omar Khayyam Club. Dr. Conan Doyle was the narrator. Mr. Stsvensoii, he said, having asked him to visit Samoa, Dr. Doyle said he should be only too willing if the way to get there were pointed out to liiin. ' Oh,' suid Mr. Stevenson, ' you go to America, cross the continent to San Francisco, and then it's the second turning to the left ! ' A good-looking well-to-do bachelor was being chaffed lately by the members of a joung ladies' club for not being married. Ho said, ' I'll marry that one of you whom, on a secret vote, you elect to be my wife.' There were nine members of the club. Each girl weut into a corner and exercised great caution in preparing her ballot and disguising her handwriting. Tne result wis that there were nine votes cast, each girl receiviug one. The man remains a bachelor, the club is broken up, aud the girls are moital enemies, united only in tne deteimiuation that they will never speak to the man again. This story is tHkeufrom Lord Blae.hford's recently published letters. 'Mrs. ? 's relations with lier maids are rich. She was describing one who was a breaker of china. At last she broke three things iu one day. 4 So I said to her, u You are ill, Jane-you want some castor oil,' The maid stared and was astonished. ' Your liand shakes— you want some castoe oil, Jane.' The maid took it as a joke aud grinned. B it., when bedtime came, the upper maid was duly summoned. ' ' Jane is ill, auu wains some castor ou ; come wnn me ana i will give it out for her.' ' . . . Mrs. ? appeared at the bedside with a quite inflexible determination, explained tbat Jane was ill and did want castor oil, and must take it. She did take it, and no further breakage occurred from that time to— I don't know wheu.' Here is a story of Titieus, who always carried about a lot of superfluous luggage aud stage-dresses which she never wore. ' She always took a room at the hotel for exclusive use as a garde-robe,' Bays Siguor Arditi iu his ' Reminiscences,' ' and one of the gentlemeu— I believe it was Willert Beale — ob- tained access to this a^iartmeut during her absence one day and promptly Btuffed out all the dresses, put heads with wigs and painted faces ou to the shoul - ders, and seated the figures on chairs — there were 12 or 14 — in a dim religious light arouud the room. Need I tay more F Titieus, on her return home, wanted to change her dress, and she proceeded to this room. A minute later she came shrickiug down tlie 6tairs, having been frightened out of her wits at the strange ' sight that met her gaze. She thought she must have suddenly gone mad, aud that the ghosts of her different impersonations had appeared to torture her.' A certain oanon, who is entertained at great houses, confesses that, while he travels second-class for financial reasons, it is his custom to alight at tho second station from his destination, where he.buys a first-class ticket for the remainder of the journey. ' Not that it would iu the least matter to my hosts whether I travel second or third class.' he says ; ' but the truth is I haven't the cheek to face the magnificent liveried fellows sent to meet me, who look with open disapproval on tecoud -class-carriagc gues's ! ' Something of the canon's feeling was doubtless experienced by an old Scotchwoman, of whom the following anecdote is related. When her Majesty was at Balmoral recently 6lie visited anaged cottager living near. On leavinp, her Majesty said to the old lady whohad been entertaining her, 'Well, Mrs. ? , you will now no longer Le afraid of tne, and I shall expect you to pay me a visit.' '? Ah, ma'am,' replied the old dame, ' it's not yerself I'm afeard on — it's them grand Eeivints ! ' Professor Johnston— or ' uncle Johnnie,' as ho was more familiarly known— of the United States, besides having a profound scientific mind far in advance of his time, had a keen relish for a good joke, whether about himself or another. Iu order to aid the students of geology iu grasping the essential distinctions between the various classes of rock, he requested them to bring in specimens and pluce them ou his desk before ihe lecture began. One day a student brought in a piece of brick, secured irom a nuiiamg Deing ercctea near the college, and placed it on the table among the other specimens. ' Uncle Johnire ' came in a few moments later, and, apparently not suspecting the lioax, began tho lecture by picking up tlie specimens, one tit a time, naming them, and pointing out their peculiarities. '? This, gentlemen, is a piece of sandstone ; this is granite ; while this, somewhat similar in its forma tion, is quartz. And this *' — taking up tbe last bit on the table and gravely surveying the expectaut class over the rim of his glasses— *' is a picce of impudence ! ' ' As regards the manners of women in and out of smoking-carriages ou railways, the following plan,' writes a correspondent of a contemporary, may be tried with success. Lately I was travel ling west on the London and South-Wcstern Rail way. I had taken my seat in a second -clat-s smoker, aud was enjoying my briar-root. I was alone, when two ladies (F) came up to the door, the eider one of those unjiibtakablc aggressive ' woman's rights ' females— you know the type — the other a youuger and milder-looking person. On tho aggressive female opening the door of my carriage, I ventured to remark, with due humility, ' Madam, this is a smokiug- csniage.' * No matter,' was the reply, accompanied by a stony glare. I am small and somewhat nervous, so 1 thrauk within myself. I continued smoking ; the two females continued their conversation, the youuger one remaining on the platform. The elder one from time to time indulgcii in an audible snttf, and I caught the words ' gentle man ' and 'cigar.' I was smoking a pipe ! Pre eently tho younger said, 4 Good-bye, auntie ! ' and withdrew. 1 beckoned a passiug guard. Said 1, * Guard, 1 um quite alone aud unprotected ; will you keep au eve on me F 1 ani very nervous.' Guard, with a gi In, touched bis cap aud withdrew. ? Hi— here ! Stop, guard ! Show mc into another car riage. I never knew such impertinence ! ' Aud with a most withering glance at me the irate female Withdrew and I Eaw her no more.' 