TODAY'S NEWS BY WXKE. [Pkbss TBidtoitAwr Association.] SYDNEY. A GHOST AND TWO CONSTABLES. An extraordinary adventure has befallen Con stable Harland and a supernumerary Constable early this morning. Harland and his mate wero patrolling along Clisdoll-Btreot, Strawberry Hills. There is an untouanted houBe on tho corner of Duw Bon and Clisdoll-Btroeta, formerly occupied as a hotel. The polico usually give strict attention to empty bouecs, to prevent tho flttiugs from being stolen. Harland was Justin tbo act of pointing out tho premises to his niata, whom ho was Bhowing round the boat, when the pair described something biack sitting on tho doorstep. At first sight it looked like a IiouboIobu vagrants asleep. Tho officers ap proached, and Harland stretched out hia hand to grasp tho bundle whan it rose up gently bjfora the eyes of tho astonished polioe inon and vanished through tho thick door. Determined to solve tbo mystery thoy started round tbo baok to oxploie. An entrance was effected to tho desoited house by a buok door, and tho officers, drawing their batons, started to discover the whereabouts of tho ghostly intruder. A match was struok, and by tho glimmering light thoy groped forward to tho stairs. Right in front of them, sitting on theBtairs, wholly unconcerned, was tho apparition thoy had before neon disappearing through tho doorway. Both officers wont for tho ghost with their batons, but at that critical moment it vanished before their eyoB, and ilirtcd into ono of the apartments on the first floor. For about a quarter of an hour the polico kept up tbo chiiBo, but only with indifferent auocusa — now from cno room to another, thon downstairs, back again — in fact all over tho houee tho unearthly marauder sped, with the officers over oIobo bubind, without, however, getting to closo quarters. Dis heartoned and discouraged, they returned down stairs, leaving the ghoBt as thoy imagined going through some acrobatic gyrations in ono of the up otaira rooms. Intent upon looking round, however, thoy saw tho ghostly viBitor following in their wake, nnd becoming scared thoy took to their heels, Tho officers deBOribe tho apparition as being of a most extraordinary appearance; it had a pair of flappers like a seal — tho upper part towards where tho head ought to bo was enveloped with what looked like bugft. 