St. Peter's, Surry Hills. Close of the Mission. HIS EMINENCE SPEAKS. The solemn and impressive ceremonies that closed the month's mission conducted by the Redemptorists, the Rev. Fathers Barry and Hunt, at St Peter's, Surry Hills, on Sunday last will not soon, if ever they be, forgotten by the immense congregations that thronged the holy edifice at each of the Masses and afternoon and evening devotions. It has come to the lot of many pastors to feel the inward glow of happiness that per vaded the hearts of the Rev. Father Fur 1U1J^) J. * I_ | CWIII IJiO ULll ttl/{Jf X' (XUJiUl JVIIIfci) during the past month, when the mission held in the spacious cliurch of St. Peter's wks tlie means of opening the fountains of grace to many a thirsty soul, but rarely has such a scene been witnessed as that of Sun day morning last, when almost tho whole congregation at each of the Masses had the happiness to be considered worthy of par taking of the Holy Sacrament of the Altar. Consoling as this happy scene must have been, both to the zealous missioners, Fathers Barry and Hunt, and the priests of the parish, how must the holy glow of fervour have burned in their souls when in the after noon as the result of their labor of heavenly love a hundred and four adults received at the hands of his Eminence the Cardinal the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation. Shortly before 3 o'clock his Eminence ac companied by the Vory Rev. Dr. O'Haran drove up to the convent gates, where he was received by a guard of honor composed of a contingent of the St. Peter's and Sacred Heart members of the H.A.C.B. Society, who, .marshalled under the direction of Mr. W. M. Fox, D.P., Mr. J. Button, D.T., Mr. S. Hart, D.T., Messrs. P. Whaley, P., R, Cosgrove, V.P., P. O'Loughlin, Sec, Thynne, J. O'Brien and J. Malley (Trustees of St. Peter's Branch), H. Brown and W. Dalton (Trustees of Sacred Heart Branch), and Mr. T. Gilmour. one of the founders of tho great order in Australia, lined the foot way to the vestry, where his Eminence was welcomed by the Rev. Father Furlong, Father King, and the Rev. Fathers Barry and Hunt. C.S.S.R. His Eminence having robed addressed a few words of deep and fervid eloquence to those who were about to receive tho Holy Sacrament, and then as sisted by Fathers Furlong, King and the niissioners confirmed 104 adults, Mr. P. Sheehan being sponsor for the males and Miss M 'Donald for the females. The impressive ceremony having, been performed, his Eminence 'addressing the recipients congratulated them on having that day received the seven fold gifts of the Holy Ghost, and congratulated the parish ioners at having at the close of tho mission, a time so full of blessings to the whole parish, been present at such a solemn cere mony, during which our Divine Lord was pleased to shower down special blessings on them all, not alone on those who had that day been strongthed by having received tlie gifts of the Holy Ghost, but on every family in the district who bad the happiness to be present. If thoy would truly learn tho value of tho Divine graces that day bo stowed upon them, they would have to go back in memory to the time when Our Divine Saviour was on earth and wont about scattering those special Divine gifts, which during all these hundreds of years had ever boon received to those who sought them. Ho trusted that those gifts and graces had beon renewed by every Catholic family in the district, and that they, especially t'hoso who had that day received tho Holy Sacra ment, would ever feel and remember tho great and manifold blessings that had boon showered upon them. They had that day received an example of tho boundless love which our Divine Lord bore to them, and ho felt fully assured that thoy would npver. by noglectfulness or indifference deprive thomsolvos of tho wonderful blessings of tho manifold graces that our Blessed Redeemer had showered upon them. Tho thought that by this wonderful interposition of God's love and mercy they had 1 O3n made participators of His Heavenly Kingdom should lift them up, strengthen, and enable them to battle with determined energy against the foes that were daily striving' against them. They should remember with reverent awe that they woro the brothers of Jesus Christ, and had a sharo in the heritage of the Kingdom of His Father. Thoy had beon chosen by Him to perpetuate that Faith which Ho had come down from Hoavon to reveal' to thorn, and that thought alono should enkindle in thoir hearts a holy fervour that would onablo thorn to withstand all the temptations with which thoy would be besot-. A groat and holy thought thoy should always bear in mind was that thoy M'oro ouo of the great Heavenly Family, and that our Divine Saviour had by bestowing upon thorn tho knowledges that hero on earth thoy woro one with tho great- com munion of Saints, protected by patron saints and guardian angels and members of Holy Church, that was tho harbinger of all thoso Divine gifts and graces. Ho would exhort them to approach regularly and frequently the porounial fountains of grace that Our Divine Redeemer had oponed to them in tho sacraments of Holy Church, and to re member with joyous thankfulness that tho Lord Jesus Christ had in instituting thoso Holy Sacraments bestowod upon them tho moans by which thoy would always bo able to on joy the Heavenly hope that whatever thoir cares and misorios might bo in this world, they would one clay bo partakers of tho Heavenly joys that belong to tho angels and tho saints. His Eminence then bestowed the Ponti fical Blessing and retired to the presbytery. As he reappeared to enter his carriage the Hibernians again formed a guard of honor, and as his Eminence and Dr. O'Haran drove away they were greeted by the Hibernians and a Jarge gathering of the faithful with there hearty cheers. The mission was brought to a close in the evening when the sight was a most im pressive one. Every seat in the sacred edifice was occupied, and when the Baptismal vows were renewed and each of those who had been blessed with the graces of the holy time had fervently taken part in the Devotions, and held aloft a lighted candle, the scene was one that shed a glorious ra}7 of Divine Love all around, and must have indeed been felt by the pious missioners and the zealous priests of the parish, as it was by those who had the happiness to have been privileged to receive the Blessings that' through the mercy of God had abounded. 