Plant ttusfraliatu « THE St, Patrick's Diy spirts give an example of how runners visiting these fields are pitchforked into the handicaps. In the principal event, the St„ Patrick's Sheffi.ll, the wimer was. never once in doubt, W Joy, a man. with a splendid Australian and- English record, having the race completely at his mercy. The handicappers made a sorry mess of their work, as not a siugle local man could get within gunshot of Joy. The idea of putting such third-rate ruuners as Rhodes, Hammond, Hales, and others within S, 4 and 5 yatds of a champion ! The public were not long iu getting on to the flaw in the handicap, and before a heat was run Joy was at even money for the final. We do not begrudge the man his win. as he ran splendidly, but we do say that unless the strangers now amongst us are made to concede the local men fair starts, or unless handicappers are appointed who can form some idea of the adjustment of starts,, the local runners will not accept for future events. IF you are registered in one district and are living in another call upon the Warden the day before the elections and ask to be allowed to vote for the • candidate you desire to see elected. If there is no Warden call upon the Returning Officer the day before the elections. If there is neither Warden or Returning Officer in your district^ make an effort to get where there is one, remember that even/ man should record his vote this time under all circumstances. IF the London money holders will not .show a solid disposition to work the- Coolgardie leases the Government should take them over and work them. A hundred head of stampers run by the Government could be kept going* in Coolgardie, twenty head at the twenty Five Mile, twenty head at Londonderry, twenty head at Bulla Bulling, twenty head at Siberia, andtwenty head of si amps at Widegemoola. The Government is erecting a mint at Perth and it now owns plenty of mineral land in the district named. Why not raise the rock, crush it, and mint the gold, and after paying wages, to an immense number of miners, let the profits go into the treasury. Thiswould do away with the taxes now levied through the Customs. COOLGARDIE ought to be an inland octopus with tram lines spreading all round it north, south, east, and west to tap the lines cf reef that run in all directions There is enough good mineral countiy within a radius of 10. miles of this centre to keep ten thousand miners and other workmen in constant and profitable employment if that land was used for mining instead of for stock jobbing purposes, and Coolgardie would then be a great city and our shopkeepers would have a. chance to become moderately rich and our men, women, and lads would beable to find employment in our midst. THE day of the boomster is over and the legitimate min<jr will now hava a. chance. The amount of lying, thieving, and cold-blooded cheating that has been done in this colony during the last four years must come awful close to a world's record. That fearful and wonderful creation, the mining; expert, will return whence he came, and the earth will never look upon his like again. The public will not swallow any more experts' (?) reports ; battery returns is the only (ale they will hearken to, and the lucky expert (?) will have to be content with what he has made, whilst the unlucky experi will have to go back to thebutcher step, or the draper's counter, or the pub bar, or the extempore pulpit, for of a surety his hour has come. WE havo a sample of the bungling of the department under the control of the Minister for Mines in our local water boring efforts. If the Government had offered a substantial bonus, to water borers, payable only by results, by this time we would have had any amount ol bores down all arouncfc Coolgardie, and our water supply would be more than adequate for all our demands. IT may be an eye-opener to many, but it is nevertheless a fact, that at the . present time the Hampton Plains could supply water enough to run two hun . dred head of government stamps, located in Coolgardie, and never feel the loss of it, There is no necessity for the Government to borrow millions to bring water from the coast-line up here. The water difficulty has been used as a "ghost" by the share sharks, and the Government ought long since . to have overcome this difficulty. Two great events have been settled this week. One is the speech of the Premier, tbe other the fight between Corbert and Fitzsimmons. The speech event has resulted in a mixture of pleasure, and disgust, and distrust. Bunbury is jubilant over it, Coolgardie dissatisfied. The fight event has pleased everybody, and all Australians are satisfied at the result The conqueror of John L, Sullivan going down to " Lankey Bob," as Fitzsimmons was called in Sydney, is an event in Australian history which will be duly recorded. ST. PATRICK'S DAY passed off enjoyably to those who got tipsy, and with a degree of misfortune to a camel which ran in the " Hooshta" race. The eaeer driver forced his camel forward, and becoming entangled in the legs of another animal, was thrown on the track. The unfortunate beast, a valuable one, had his thigh broken, and was destroyed. The Afghan rider escaped unhurt, which was a pity, considerins: that the camel was of more value to the colony than the man of color. IK the hands of Mr. Warden Finnerty a grave responsibility has been placed by the Government of this province. He has been practically empowered to disfranchise hundreds of men if he feels so disposed, but we do not think he will do so. We cannot think that under any circumstance our Warden would be guilty of such an act of oppression. We wired the Premier asking him if it was his intention to have polling booths at Coolgardie. Widgemoola, 25-Mile, Kintore, Red Hills, Bulla Bulling, Dunsville, Bur banks, Londonderry, Mount Burgess, Siberia, and 45-Mile, and we pointed out to Sir John that unless such arrangements were made many men would be disfranchised on account of their inability to get to the main polling places. • • 1 Sir John did not reply himself, but the Attorney-General replied for him and stated that this matter would be left entirely in the hands of Mr. Finnerty, who had been appointed Returning- O fficer. SLY grog selling has been booming for some time, but the boom has had a check put on it by an ex- constable with the extensive name of Appleyard. This retired policeman has summoned nine "ladies" before "their worships," and one has already been fined £30, half of which goes to Appleyard. If he secures convictions in every case he will 40 very well, and it is no wonder he left the Police force for so lucrative a business. Referring to this matter, it does seem strange that Appleyard's conscience as a policeman did not move him when he was in the force to bring these "ladies" to justice. He could have easily done so, and received the reward of promotion, but then he would not have got half the fine. ELECTIONEEBING dodges are becoming very plentiful. The latest is to enlist sympathy. The %dodge is an old but unsuccessful one. One of the candidates, it appears, has not been properly treated by the board of examination in Perth, therefore his friends consider that he ought to be put into Parliament. Old Man Parkes in Sydney thought because he lost his wife he ought to be put into Parliament, but the electors kept him out, and in his wrath the old political warrior comforted himself by marrying again. Tia disappointed gentleman who has gritvinces against, the Perth Board of Examiners, nrght find a great deal of comfort in matrimony, and ihe REVIEW here! Y. recommends him to try the experiment. " BILLY " WILLIAMS, a popular pencillor and a good man with his hands, can boast that he has beaten the champion ju?ilist of the world. Ten years ago "Billy" and "Lanky Bib" met in Sydney, and it was a dirgdong fight. "Billy" forced the fighting and knocked Fitzsimmons out easily. They are both in different form now, and if "Billy" is at al ambitious he might discover the difference when he next meets "Lanky Bob." THE election for the Federal Convention in Perth was productive of some amusing incidents as regards voting. Three candidates polled one each, and the man at the bottom of the list contributed a "duck egg." Now the vanity of these four candidates must be remarkable. That any sane man could hope to win an election of such a nature, with ihe popular feeling of one in his favor seems incredible. And yet we have three such examples. The coming election will produce a crop of idiots of c indidatep, who fortunately for the colony will have to contribute £50 each as a penalty for their vanity. GEORGE THOMPSON is a gentleman who deserves a great deal of credit. He has escaped from gaol twice, and successfully got away from his polic? escort on the trip from Coolgardie to Fremantle. It appears that he was handcuffed to a prisoner when he did the disappearing trick, a circumstancc which speiks very highly of Mr. Thompson's sleighc of hand, and the vigilance of his police escort. That a man handcuffed to another, and watched by three constables should have escaped so easily seems marvellous, in fact incredible. To add to the daring of the escape Travelling-Inspector Lodge was in the same train as the escaped prisoner. Of course there will be an inquiry into the matter, but the result will be similar to the one instituted not long ago into the circumstances surrounding the escape of two prisoners from the local gaol. No one knows the result of it, not even the lockup-keeper who is still in charge, and who it is said ?s shortly expecting promotion 