MR. MOODY ON THE INFILLING OF THE SPIRIT. In one of his recent meetings in America Mr. Moody said, ' I think the Church has made a woeful mistake. Very often they will look out for a man that has his pocket , full of money, and they are too-apt to think that, money is going to do the work. Ah ! that is dishonouring the Holy Ghost. Money power is one thing, intellectual ! power is another, and Holy Ghost power is another thing. When we get to the com mands that God has laid down in His Book and follow them, then the Church of God is going to have power just as it did in apostolio times. We want the ministers filled with the spirit of God, and then we want our church officers filled with the spirit of God. Isn't that the need to-day ? I tell you, my friends; when we wake up to this fact, and seek with all our heartB the filling of the spirit of God, we are going to see signs and wonders. May the day soon come ! Some one said this morning-— and I have had it said to me very often : ? Mr. Moody, why don't you tell the people that they must get emptied before God can fill them? The reason that a good many people are not filled with the spirit of God iB because they are filled with the world; filled with unholy ambitions; filled with envy and jealousy and malice and self-seeking and pride, and ten thousand other things. Why don't you tell them to get emptied, and then God will fill them ? ' Now, I want to say that you can empty yourselves just as soon as vou can fill yourselves, and no easier. Why. you cannot empty yourselves. People are trying to get the world out of 'their hearts in the wrong way. I don't know how many letters I have had from people asking me to preach AGAINST THEATRES, ' and to preach againBt progressive euchre parties and a thousand different things, and I reply : ' My dear fiiend, you want to a6k God to lilt up the flood gate and let the tide come in upon you, and then these things will go fof themselves.' God hates a vacuum. My heart is going to be filled with something, and if not with spiritual things, then it is going to be filled with worldly things. You go to San FranBcisco, and in July and August you will find two of the coldest months, right in midday. People will come out in the morning in their summer clothep, and along about eleven o'clock they will drop off the ttreet and come back with their overcoats on, and ladies will have their sealskin cloaks on. Why is that? Away back on the alkali plains the sun strikes that sand, and the earth gets hot, and the air rises, and there is a vacuum formed ; and then the air from off the ocean sweeps through the golden gate, and on towards the alkali plains as rapidly as it can so as to get there and fill that vacuum. My friends, the quickest way to get the world out is to get Christ enthroned in the heart, and then the Holy Spirit gets possession of it. I have had ministers say to me : ' Mr. Moody, my church is so full of worldly thoughts. Won't you preach about that)? ' My dear friends, the quickest way to get rid of worldly thoughts and worldly things is to let the spirit of God come in and put the worldly things out of you. Now, I will give you another illustration. [Here Mr. Moody exhibited a glass and a pitcher of water.] I like illustrations. This tumbler is full of air. I say I will get the air out and I will fill it with water. I try to get the air out [illustrating] but you see the air gets back as fast as I get it out ; of course the air keeps coming in. Now that is what a lot of people have been tr- ing to do for years— trying to get the world out without putting anything else in. As some one has said, tbe motion may be beautiful but there is no progress. You laugh at it, but you have been doing it for years. Now I pour this water in the tumbler [illustra ting.] Is there any air in it now? [Pouring more water until it ran over the edge of the glass ] You see, when we get filled with the Spirit of God, there isn't any room for the world. If you put some dirt or chaff in there, it stays. Why ? Because it isn't full of water. Satan has the ad vantage of a great many Christians because they are half and half. Now, if I pour water in this glass again, and fill it, how ' long doeB' that dirt and chaff remain ? [Illustrating ] It cannot stay there ; it just runs out. UNDER THE FOUNTAIN. Now, the very thing that the Lord wants to do this afternoon is to fill you with the spirit, and then you want to keep right under the fountain all the time. Some Englishmen went to Africa a good many years ago to colonize. They came to a beautiful spot and thought it would be a good place to establish a town ; and after they had decide 1 to stay there, they asked a native if there was plenty of rain there the year round. The native said no ; that there were a few months in the year when everything dried up ; so that they thought that wouldn't do. and tbev went on to another place that looked inviting, and they asked a native how it was there about rain ; and the native told them that in certain months everything dried up. Well, that wouldn't do, and they went to a third place and made the same inquiry, and the reply was that the clouds were pierced the year round and everything was beautiful and green ; and the Englishmen decided to stay there, and they founded a town and flourished. So we want to keep right under the pierced clouds all the time. In fact,; about everything we have in this world has' a tendency to draw us from God ; and every-; thing we get from above has a tendency to; lift us up and make us more Godlike. I remember tbe first time I went to California I dropped down out of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, where tbe snow was f jrty feet deep, into the Sacramento Yalley, where it was like midsummer, and I saw ranches that were perfectly beautiful, everything green and luxurious, where everything seemed to be flourishing ; but sometimes, right across a fence, I would see another ranch where there was nothing green and everything seemed to have dried up. I said to a gentleman in the train, 'I don't understand this ; what does it mean ? There is a ranch that is green and flourish ing, and there is another that has nothing green about it, and looks all dried up ' Oh,' said he, ' you are a stranger here.' 1 said yes, that was my first visit. 'Well,'' he says, ' that man there irrigates and .brings the water down from the mountains, and in consequence he raises two or three crops a year, while the man that owns that other ranch doesn't raise hardly anything because he doesn't irrigate.' In many churches you will find men . and women as dry as Gideon's fleece. Some people will come and go and occupy the same pew for forty years and not move an inch. Another man, right close to him, is active and bright, and everything he touches seems to grow ; the breath of God seems to be upon him. You see the difference : One man is under the pierced cloudB and gets living water, and he draws constantly from it spiritual life and power, because he keeps his cup full and running over. And that is what God wants each of us to do. He doesn't want us to be filled and then not be willing to fill us. 