"FROM À WINDOW." BT A BüBHWOMAN. When it is nearly eignty mue» w mt nearest township exulting in the possession of a doctor and a chemist's shop, ono soon grows solicitous about anyone, who shows the least symp- toms ot' illness. One begins to pore over niqdjcal books and to ransack the medicine chest. At present I nm in close _ attend- ance upon a capricious invalid, aged .6. His malady is not alarming-in fact, only a bad feverish cold. _ He is fractious. Ho says that he is " tired ol being Ice pt in horrible old bed, and tired fairy tales, and ho doesn't think it's fair for tho stories to say that a man could be turned into a mouso and creep into the folds of a princess's bair, like tho young man in the Twelve Windows in his 'Grimm's .Fairy Book,' and it went and said in lots of the stories that frogs could talk, and he'd tried whips of them, and they couldn't talk a bit, even ?when they were poked with a stick ; they only croakon and goggled their oyos ; and ho has seen every picture in the house. It wouldn't be half bad \- if he could play marbles on the bed, but I wont let him put his arms out of bed 'cept he puts on a shawl, and that makes him feel liko a girl, and his front feels droffulty sore, like's if . -chickens were scratching it, and he's tired of counting the bunches of lillies on the carpet, and tho roses on the blue sofa, ana he would like his collie pup 'Splodger' brought down from the stable to him, and nea quite sure he has not many flea's, and, pooh ! if he has they're only weeshy bits of things. He doesn't like man- darin . orangos, and he doesn't like yellowbelly, (yesterday he wouldn't eat it because it was pink), hates broth,'and he found a horrid pip in . the lemonade, and won't 1 please move the clock away? lt keeps on saying, sick, sick, so sick, that it makes him so much worse, and he feels as if he bad been in bed for a whole jolly month." The invalid, in his pink flannel sleeping-suit, ' tosses I and turns,thc little face is flushed, and his eyes look heavy, and his voice is very, tearful as he begs me to take . him on ray knee and let him look out of tho window, because he " knows he'd feel so much hetterer, and isn't it dreffully tantalizering to have to lie still and just watch tho shadows . of the birds upon the blinds aud hear them singing, while all the other children aro out-isn't it, mother ?" " Yes," I admitted readily, " it is." " Will you take me out, please ?" I .hesitated. The air was not cold, and as the invalid has a law unto himself, and-? " If I let you wrap .me in your fui ' cloak will you, mother ?" In al families there seems to be om garment that is adopted as a sort ol \- 'regalia for the family invalids, anc ?with my children it is tbis fur cloak "Very well," said 'I, " but do yoi know , that if a doctor was here ht would very likely give you-" "Whatr "A bluô pill and a black draft, and a mustard plaster, and a hot bath and order you off to bod for a week.' However I wrapped this small boy ir inv cloak, and took him to thc .window. "I don't like this window ; you cac only see birds, and those greedy old pelicans fishing. Take mo to thc diningroom window, sos I can sec who's coming up tho track, please.' So I obeyed my invalid. " Oh, there's ?.Tim, the Guiufarora mail boy. Oh, 1 wonder if ho's got tho little stripy .'emu ¿he promised me. Hallo, Jim,' ho cried to a little half-easto lad oí jiboútf 10, who was coming slowly along, upon a wretched, knocked-up looking h orso, and he was playing all .sorts' of tricks, standing up, and lying down, and hanging to one side of the horse. Jim was a tiny, bright i-yed boy ; his feet just reached below i iie saddle flaps. He wore a wretched shirt, a' pair pf - moleskin trousers n world too largo for him wore tied round his lean little body with a strip -op green hide. His hat was a rimless felt one, his hair poked out through ibo top of it, and upon One foot was j-'jiortiou of a boot, ^ This was the young man to whose 1 ruder cure was entrusted tho Gunda- ruru mailbag. " Hallo," said Jim, showing a gleam \--of teeth like diamonds. " Got tho emu, Jim ?" " No Moorain' fear, I aint." Another gleam. " Why didn't you, Jim ?" "Beggars scratch too bloomin' hard. Bring yer a joey kangaroo if yer giv' us n handful o' marbles; that's fair doos," " Why, ' what's the matter with your face, Jim ?" said I. " How did you got that dreadful lump in your cheek? Is it a gumboil ?" Jim shook his head smilingly. " That's it," he said, " it's a glassy," {iud into tho palm of his hand ho dropped from his mouth au enormous marble. " It's a regier beauty. Tho . kids at Brigalow Gully giv it ter mo fer two young scaly-back lizards I giv 'em, and 1'vo had it in my mouth -ever nineo sunrise." "Are you riot frightened you will .swallow it, Jim ?" " Not much I ain't." " What is tho name of your horse, -Tim ?" "Playboy!" (was ever a horso so -ill-named). " HO'B"pretty poor, Jim, isn't ho !" "No grass now, that's why. But <with groat prido) ho takes some ipackiu, I tell yer straight ; when ho's on good grass, he's an all-right 'un." "You aro lato with your mail, -Jim. You've been playing mumble peg along tho road, huvon t you ?" "Well, that's notbin'" (sulkily). " How many games. Jim ?" "Only five, «nd I wont aftor a a linke." ' " Huve some oranges, Jim ?" "My word ! (a sideway jerk of his hoad, and another gleum of teoth), vont I ?" .' Good-bye, Jim.' "S'long," and off wont tho little 1 fellow, biting hi» birst orange with thé greatest gusto, poor little mite. Kiding the Gundarara mail was not a pleasant tasjk for anyone, and what wonder was it that the little lonely child played by the' way so often. " Who is that comingthrough that patch of dead-finish ? Don't you see, mother, there where thnt red is moving? Is it a traveller? Oh, no, now I can see my own self quite well. Why, it's Charlotte, with her pica- ninny. Oh, call her to the window, mother." A gin was coming towards us. She was walking splendidly, as straight ns a dart. She wore an old print skirt; and a red blanket was draped round her body, leaving her coal black muscular^ arms bare. A little bronzy piccaninny, absolutely au naturel, sat astride her broad shouldurs, and with two fat brown hands held on to the mother's hair to steady itself, and mocked back at the crows as she walked along. ' I beckoned to her, and she came up to the window smiling. " Good day, Ch'arlotfe." "Good day, Mithsis. Lil boy he sick?" ? " Yes, Charlotte." " Mine bin alonga town, Mitbsis. Sit dow (stay) alpnga station now." " Why did you go to town, Char- lotte ?" "You know Blue P.ter, Mithsis? He old pfeiler blackfeller alonga that one town ?" " Yes, I have soon him. " Um ! Ole pfeiler Blue Peter he brother belonga me.- He tumble down (died) last moon alonga town. . I go in that ' one town. Other pfeiler blackfeller make me plonty sorry, Mithsis." "How did they make you plenty sorry, Charlotte ? I am sure you were sorry enough" (the poor thing had tears in her eyes). ?. ? " You look, mithsis," she said, bend- ing down, and, parting her woolly hair, she showed me a mass of dread- ful cuts upon her head. " Who did that ?" I asked her. " Other pfeiler blackfellow. They dig em big one hole alonga ground, put em old pfeiler Blue Peter alonga that ono hole, then throw'em plenty dirt alonga hole, then other pfeiler, blackfeller , hit-em me alonga cobra (head) big pfeiler, tomahawk, then drag em me alonga ground close up hole put em ole pfeiler Blue Peter in -that which way make 'em plonty sorry, . mithsis. (Amongst these blacks the nearest of kin belonging to the dead has to be "-made plenty sorry.") You gib 'em medsin > and ole pfeiler dress alonga Crismas ? Go ' on, mithsis, you got 'ern," she coaxed. ' ' I couldn't help laughing at Char- lotte, she was such a mixture, and i got her a dress and some vaseline in a little glass pot.. "You put 'em that stuff alonga cobra, Charlotte. Make you plenty better. You no eat 'em that stuff this time" (she did on a former occasion). "Baal eat'em, mithsis," said Char- lotte, ns she looked at the pot with a radiant grin, , " You like'em oranges ?" " Yowi," said she. I gave her some, and sheyabberedto the bronzy piccaninny, and gave it one, which the child proceeded to eat-skin, pips, and ult. " What uiimo that pfeiler, Char- lotte?" " Albert," snid she, beaming at tho child. " Good-day, mithsis," and off she went, with a grace and carriago an empress might envy. Two swagmen next carno in sight. They carried heavy swags and water bags, and. their heads were down bent as they walked along the road quite a - chain's width apart from each other. On they came, till they were at tho edge of tho creek. "How will they get over?" said the invalid. "Oh, I say, thoy'ro walking through the creek !" and.so they wore, as cooly as possible, and the water was above their knees far. "lt's, a good thing for them that they're too big to got scolded," re- marked tho invalid, with a sapient air. "ljseo something coming so slowly. It's just crawling over.the downs. I believe it's a buggy. " Oh, please get me the opera-glasses and let' me see." . He looked through. It is a buggy. I hopo there's ,some little boys in it. On it. came, and such a poor, knockod-up horse was drawing tho buggy. By degrees it approached. Tho horse was but skin and bono, n very liosinante. It was driven by a boyish-looking young man. He was nearly at the gates when down fell tho horse in a hopeless manner. The young mau was jumping out to see . to ii when his foot caught, and over ho pitched on to his liead on the road, and there ho lay, and made no attempt to got up. I sent people to his assistance, and they helped him up, and, ono on each side of him, they supported him to tho hall door. , He looked horribly ghastly. His ' ince was badly cut, and ho had hurt his shoulder. So they laid him on the sofa, and pulled his shouldor in, and bathed his face, and put a vast '. quantity of sticking-plaster on his i poor face. I \vent m to seo how he was gotting on, and there he lay j amongst the cushions ns white as a . ghost. _ j "My namo is Sullivan," said he, j smiling at me from under a strip of , sticking-plaster: " I'm n doctor. I've ? driven from Ballarat to Quoons- ( land." I " With the same horse ?" I asked, ^ incredulously.' , He said " Yes." Now, was it nny i wonder that horso felt a bit done up? } . . . ' . 1 And you soo, mother, that when £ the doctor carno he had to bo put to t bod for a wook his own solf-and my i word, mother, ho did sing out when « the men were pulling his arm. Call f him bravo ! Why, he's a jolly coward, * said tho invalid, and hos not going r to got homo on me with his blue » pills or black draughts, I'll bet a bit £ on that. -Australasian, c 