Brisbane Motes. (Fsosi odk Correspondent.) December 21. We are drawing very near to the glad season of the year, bub as yet fail to feel the traditional exhilaration in the air. It would be , strange if we did. Nothing short of a miracle would put exhilaration into suchl atmosDhere as Wracrae. or hia '.ocum Uriens, or some equally unconscion ible meteorological power, is giving us. Ihere is no room for anything much 3Xcept profanity, barring the perspiration. But we know from Rockhampton experi ances that these two are seldom far apart. &.nd the locum tenens prophesies more high temperatures. But it is not the abnormal height of the thermometer that troubles. It is the abnormal humidity which has seldom been absent now for some six months. It 13 a relief to remember that our collective wisdom have finished their patriotic labours without any of them being asphyxiated, and that we are likely to have them all back, Han SABD-making, ' at the end of June or the beginning of July.' I see the Lamington Bridge 'Act ia another injustice to a constituency which is being carefully put up in lavender for next election. What a deal of injustices will be travelling between the stumps in those days I Well, they have been accumulating since 1888. If a free and independent community cannot scare up a goodly array of sins of omission and commission against a Government in ten years, they shame their British origin. The marvel is that any Government could stand it so long. I don't believe an administration composed of the Downs bunch, or even of Mr Glassey and the first half dozen men he might meet in the street, would have done much c .. better. ; . A certain society paper, which always comes out gorgeous at Xmas, piles it on to Mr Robert) Wilkinson, the general manager in Australasia for Messrs Lysaght Bros., the great galvanised iron and wire 7 ' . netting manufacturer. About two years, .. ? ago the firm bought 'Newatead,' a '- ; 7V£. charming residential property at the '; junction of Breakfast Creek with the Brisbane River, for the purpose of con verting ifc into a wire netting factory. But I have nob heard that 'anything towards this end haa been accomplished yet, although Messrs Lysaght Bros, hold ' . the Queensland Government contract foe wire netting. There is , more congruity between the 'Newstead' investment and the society paper aforementioned than between wire netting and Yuletide, yet; there are worse Xmaa dishes than may be made with a good fat rabbit ; only you must nob hint such a thing in the rabbit country. There the desiccated sundowner would rather gnawab a pieca of 'bM horse' than vdip his beak into ,tlie savourieat mess of bunny that was sups served up to a gourmand. So much for prejudice. Were turtles as plentiful, as frogs' .-in a Bulimba swamp, we should . be alAur^ipg nP our noses at turtle soup. But this iav a digression, although not' altogether oi-t °* tuna with the season, tirce. . At the same tim-0 comes the hews of the wreck of the fishing' steamer Mystery ab Southport, -with the, losa of one man ; and of two men being run over by a train near Sydne7.and_cut to pieces. So the festive season is not. wanting in. tragic elements. There; was,- by great good luck, no I033 of ;iife . -'through ?? the wreck of . the . Fitzroy^ bus the finding of tha Marine. Board is not calculated to reassure those who go down to the ssa in ships,, or $ven those who go down to iSydney in steamers. : 'The Board found that the wreck of the Fitzroy was; caused-* (1) By .the wrongful act of James Grahl, ;the master, in-setting a course which led 'to the loss of thV vessel.' There ia no occasion to go on to (2)— (1) will suffice for ordinary people. Fancy a sea captain, who has feeea up and down the Brisbane Notes. ooast for years and yeara, setting a course which will eventually send bis vessel ploughing into the sand or crashing into the rocks ! And I suppose the noble old 'ImarinerB ' will reprimand him for it, even if they do not resort to the extreme course of suspending his certificate for three months. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good, and even the fall in values comes ?with healing on its wings to some people. There are the local authorities with healthy overdrafts. They pay from 7 to 9 per cent, for these to their bowel-less banks. But if values are down, so is interest; What then? Let your enter prising local authority issue debentures at 4 per cent., pay off the bank, and pocket the difference. This is what the South Brisbane Municipal Council has ju&t; done, and the benefit is found to tot up .£1,800 a year. £1,800 a year is a tidy addition to municipal revenue, and is all owing to the much lamented fall in values. Yet perhaps even the South Brisbane Municipal Council would as soon have the old overdraft, with the old values. It is to be hoped Ranjitsinhji's straight talk about the one sidednesB of the Aus tralian Press and the Yahooism of the Australian public will do good. This one sidedness and Yahooism prevail only when athletics are concerned. In all other concerns we are as generous and impartial under the Southern Cross as they, are nnder any other constellation. But where the athletic supremacy of Australians is In jeopardy, fair play doe3 not always prevail. Not that either jostling or trickery is resorted to, as in Yankeeland. Our players are as fair and honourable as any in the world. It is the onlookers who do not comport themselves as they should, and certain portions of the Press lend themselves tooreadily to humoring thepub lic sentiment. An unsympathetic attitude, applauding anything which tells for the looal men, ' chyacking ' the visitors where there is a ghost of an excuse for it, and generally, making them feel their successes are begrudged them, are among the least of theae sins. Hooting adverse umpirial decisions and circulating spiteful and unfounded charges are amongst the worst. These things are always much talked of in Home circles upon the return of an All-England Eleven. The Indian Prince is the first to talk of them, and in a way that strikes h-'me, to Australians themselves. Ib vaa this straight, faceto face talk from a distinguished athlete that was wanted. Seo if during the remainder of the tour there will be so much cause of complaint as there has been hitherto. 