Ko Tell-Tale Wauled. Young Lady (at bird-store): 1 Hae this fjrrot »»r nooompUElimontS i" Proprietor: “He can speak a little, bn! be'e too old to learn anything now." Youug Lady (hesitatingly): “ Would Ik imitate any sounds he might hear, such at a sneeze, or a cough, or anything of that kind ?” Proprietor: “No. The girls were trying tlio ether day to teaoh him to imitate tin sound ot a kise, but ho wouldn't do it." Young Lady (decidedly): “ I’ll take him." Claws in the will—Fingers of the lawyers. “ In that your domestio ?" " No; eho is my Imported.” Necessitt is the mother of invention, Bnd likewise the father ot lies." Ip the boys do not kiss the misses, then tbe girls will miss the kisses. II is the man who is too full for utterance who never knows when ho’a loaded. Man is often fonder of his dogs than he is of his kin; but, then, a dog can never con test a will.” " I iniKK watering wine is a gross swindle,” “ So it is—but sanding sugar is a grocer swindle.” Foist Fisherman : “ What luck ?" Second Fisherman: “None at all; can’t get the oork out.” " Sat, mamma, ain’t we made of dust ?” " Yes, dear," " Well, why don’t we get muddy when we drink?” "Don’t you get tired of this dc-noihing life?" Yeas, very; but trado is vulgar and euioide is criminal. What can 1 do ?" He (cautiously): “ What would you say, darling, if I Bhould ask you to be my wit el" Darling (even more cautiously) : “Ask me and find out." Beporteu : “ Have you seen Patti this morning ?” Elovator Boy : “ Yes; I saw hor and raised her." Edith : “It’s the little things that tell iu this life.” Alice : “ Well, you’d think eo if you had two small brothers, as I have.” First Housekeeper : “ What is your idea of the height ot sarcasm?” Second House keeper ; " Calling servants ‘ help.’ ” He: "And where are you going nest?’ She fCook’e tourist) : " Milan.” “ Why, you are m Milan now.” “Ohlarowe? Well, then, Geneva.” Miss Felt: "Jack ie attraoted by Miss Gilter’s money rather than by her personal charms, isn’t he ?” Miss Bonnor: "I judge so. I beard him speak of her the other day as his fmancct," Colonel Arkins (of Denver) : “ Young man, what was that dose you gave me afore you yanked th' tooth?” The Dentist : “ Cocaine and whisky, sir.” Goloue! Arkine: “ Pull Borne more I" She : “ Shakespeare is simply marvel lous.” “He is, indeed. Even ihe nameobe gives bia minor oharaoiers have a deep signi ficance. Look at Pistol, for instance. lie wasalwayB loaded." III have noticed," remarked Dolley, ” that the women who hav- the smallest feet pos sess also the most heute sense of humor.’ “ I wonder why?” replied Miss Amy, coyly pushing her foot forward a trifle. 11 Because brevity is the bouI of wit.” Mbs. Jinks: “I declare! Alice8mith is to be married ! It is frightful the way gills marry nowadays. A woman Bhould never think of it until she has reaohed the age of discretion,” Mr. Jinks: “In other words, you would have them stay single all their “ So that fellow Brown married the popu lar Miss Jones, and she had a dozen better men at her feet.” “Yes, and he oalls her • E plnribus unnm.’ ” “1E pluribUB unnm !’ What does he mean by that ?” “ Won from many. Brown is a Latin scholar, don’t you “Bote (the ohioken-borrower): ‘‘Fo’ d good Lawd, Mistah Ghost, InS me ^go dia time en I nebber come heah agin 1” Mr. Coopley (of the Georgia pine-distriot): “ G’long 1 I hain’t no ghost. They wor a tar-’n-featherin’ bee last night, en th* ole woman's made me stay out byar till th' eEeots wear ofl." A man Bays he came across corec raia m hji road soma time ago and all of them had hold of a straw, travelling along. He declares that the two ontBido rata were leading the centre one, whioh was blind* That would be a better etory if ratB wsro.not furnished by nature with excellent tow-linea ol their What Ohappie says: “It’s the queerest thing, you know; I called on Misa Hankin aon, of Geelong, last night, and that Chubb waa there. I hadn’t been in the room ten minutes, when Chubb offered to bet MiBs Hankinaon tbat I couldn't go down to the Battery and back in two hours. She took the bet, and I started. I did it in an hour and forty minuteB; but when I got baok to the houee Chubb had gone homo and Miss Hankinaon bad retired.” Flott, the volunteer, left the barraoka without permission. As the young man is a general favorite, his corporal determined, if possible, to shield him from punishment. Aooordingly, he wrapped a sweeping-brush in a blanket and laid it in the volunteer's bed. The officer on duty, who is rather short-sighted, soon after went the round of the beds until ha oame to Flott’a. *• Who lies there ?” he aiked the corporal. " Volun teer Flott," was the reply. “ Flott, eh 1 The disorderly fellow is so intent on pleasure tbat he totally neglects himeelf.” (The cor poral trembles in the belief that the fraud iB discovered.) “ Ion may tell Voluntei' Flott to-morrow to get his hair cot. Goo mebt-" E55V Accobdiko to the eminent physiologic SBppey, the stomach oontains 5,000 000 glanda by wbioh tho gastrio juice ia secreted, and a few others whioh secret only mucus. The lion and the tiger, and, indeed, most of the oarnivora, do not grind their food, using their jaws only np and down, the mo lars aoting like ohopping kniveB, or rather soiasors.' Their mouths, in faot, are veritable haBb mill JoKEsis a member of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and enters heart and soul into the'work. The other day a friend waa complaining because.he had been compelled to lodge in a room infested by fleas, and had apent the night in trying to reduoa their number. “ Poor things, ex claimed Jones, all the milk of human kind ness promptly bubbling up within him. “ How you must have made them (offer 1" ‘ The 12 ohief English railways paid last , ear for local rateB and taxes no less than 1,707,567, being rather over G£ pot cent, of the net revenue. In the village blacksmith’s shop at And tem, Cheshire, bard by the blacksmith's bel ■owe, a robin has built its neat on a ledge eloee to the spot where the horaee are abod, and is now sitting upon its eggB. Neither che tremendous din of the hammers nor the ^*§bahM Um *b# “YU *W*M 19 <Si,‘ 