The Advertiser. MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1897. THE RAKE'S PROGRESS. It is an old truth that the annals of real crime beat fiction. It is, therefore, not a great deal to say of the Melbourne tragedy known as the Elizabeth-street murder, which awoke a feeling of throughout the colonies a few weeks ago, and has brought its author—a mere boy in point of years—to the condemned cell, that, viewed merely as an effective dramatic plot, it transcends in interest even Miss Braddon's elaborate fictions of recondite and tangled wickedness. It is not that the deed of the unhappy youth is unexampled, or even nearly so, in magnitude that entitles it to special rank among the causes célèbres of the criminal courts. Australia has witnessed many worse crimes, and some of the worst have been among the latest. Bul- wer's Lucretia has had a close imitator in a neighboring colony; and what murders can compare for sordidness and cold- blooded cruelty with those perpetrated by the infamous Makins, who made their daily bread out of the slaughter of little children? The Deeming atrocities, and those of the miscreant who sowed the Blue Mountains with the bodies of his too confiding victims serves as a kind of corrective to the optimistic tendencies of the age. We comfort ourselves that the "red of the dawn" is "turning a fain- ter red," but when shall we lay The ghost of the brute that is walking And haunting us yet, and be free? Occasional outbreaks of that dread- ful madness which De Quincey called "blood thirst," show that one of the greatest masters of musical English did not err when he described our species as still " linkt with the beast. " The Elizabeth-street tragedy, we repeat, is not the worst of the crimes which have shaken Australia with horror; but there are points of view from which it is un- surpassed in interest. Not only does it enforce the world-old lesson that sin bears its legitimate fruit, but it serves in a very terrible way to illustrate what a cesspool of vice may be fester- ing and seething beneath a life of conventional decorum. Brady, the murdered man, was not only a person of depraved habits, but he seemed to take a curious delight in corrupting associates many years his junior. There was ample evidence of that, as the jndge said, in the Crown case, but the statements of the prisoner in his extraordinary narra- tive volunteered before, and reiterated at the trial, if true show that the seed which yielded so frightful a harvest was sown by the hand of the victim himself. A story more piteous or more terrible has seldom engaged the attention of a criminal court. But the pity and the terror are inspired less by the tragic denouement than by what went before. Phillips was led when very young into evil courses. He was brought by common employment into association with a man of lascivious temperament, who ap- pears to have exercised over him a perfectly satanic influence. A man may be a bad man, and yet avoid that lowest depth of iniquity in which enjoyment is found in promoting the destruction of a youthful conscience. Phillips was decent and well-behaved—a typical chorister—till he made the ac- quaintance of the man who fed his imagi- nation with the recital of his adventures with loose women, and fashioned the too pliant mind into a likeness of his own. The mentor's precepts were followed by the neophyte with such success as even to better the example of one who seems, from the letters afterwards dis- covered in his office drawer, to have been a past-master in the art of sexual intrigue. Of course no lad on a salary of a few shillings a week could start on such a career without being drawn into mone- tary difficulties. A career like Phillips's was bound to be short as it was tumul- tuous; and a prison cell, if not a con- demned cell, would probably in any case have awaited him. A youth of weak character, without means or friends powerful to restrain him from evil, he was not on the road to ruin—simply because he started with ruin to begin with. A "short life and a merry one" was the motto of the old-time high- wayman. It seems also to have been that of the wretched Phillips; in the poet's phrase he lived in deeds, not years. The cycle on which he had entered is in its course invariable ; but it is seldom that it is completed so rapidly as in this case it was. How fearfully brief the interval that separates the plea- sant-faced choir-boy, chanting psalms and litanies, from the prematurely-aged youth possessed and dominated by evil, alarmed and despairing as he sees the net of de- struction closing around him, with moral nature obliterated and his physical and mental powers unstrung! In the period coveted by his acquaintance with Brady how much of actual life did the wretched Phillips live? What pleasure so brief and so inevitably destined to bring misery as the indulgence in strong animal pas- sions ! The youth who gave the rein to his vicious inclination in one direction was not likely to be very scrupulous in another, and lust very speedily had theft as its ally. The misappropriation of his employers' money followed the lapse from chastity; then came murder. The suc- cessive stages in the scale of vice conform to what the authors of copy-book maxims tell us is the true order of nature; only the order is rarely followed with such startling speed and completeness. Not to see the progressive tendency of wrongdoing, how every step in a vicious career seems imperatively to re- quire another till the mover becomes, as it were, a mere machine, acting mechani- cally and at the will of something beyond him, is to miss the true significance of the Phillips case. Justice demands that Phillips should not be treated as a wholly responsible being, and the answers given by the jury to two questions which the judge put to them will doubtless save the wretched youth from the extreme penalty of the law. The jury were properly told not to con- fine their view to the act of murder, but fully to satisfy themselres on two points affecting the question of premeditation. Did Phillips buy the revolver with the intention of shooting Brady, or did he purchase it, as he alleged in his confes- sion, to send to a brother in Gippsland ? Did he take the revolver with him to the office (where he had an appointment with Brady) for the express purpose of taking life, or inflicting injury? These queations were answered in a sense favorable to the prisoner. The probabilities incline one to believe with the jury that Phillips gave a truthful account of his motive for the purchase of the weapon, and there was no reason why, as long as it was in his possession, he should not as well have carried the revolver about with him as leave it at his lodgings. The jury seem also to have been content with his statement that he had loaded the weapon for mere amuse- ment just prior to the nocturnal meeting in Brady's office. The interview was arranged by Brady, and upon its nature turns the question of premeditation. There was undoubtedly a dispute about money. Brady said he had made good out of his own pocket a shortage in Phillip's accounts, and demanded to have the money returned under threat of exposure and of a criminal prosecution. It was suggested that Phillips might have entreated his creditor to let him off, and threatened to punish a refusal with death. If, on the other hand, Brady's charges, as Phillips alleged, were unfounded—and investiga- gation revealed no defalcations in the latter's accounts —and the intention was, as suggested in the defence, to blackmail the lad or his father, it is conceivable that resentment and fear acting on a mind unstrung by vicious habits might have hurried the wretched youth into the shooting of his persecutor—and a frenzy of passion would explain the complete- ness with which the killing was done, the revolver being twice fired at Brady and his throat being cut "down to the bone" by a large knife which happened to lie handy. The call for mercy need not rest wholly on the plea of youth, though immaturity frequently implies an absence of self-control that may affect the element of premeditation in the crime of murder to an appreciable extent. But the plea of youth derives additional weight from the fearful influences to which Phillips had been subjected by his victim, and which though they in no way palliate the crime at all events created the frame of mind without which it could not have been committed. It is not too much to say that Brady by reducing his slayer to the condition of a brute had fashioned the instrument of his own death. 