l'HE LIGHT! HAT CAST NO SHADOW. Cuiioas stories are told about the [towers possessed by certain natives oE I ndia, who live up amonng the Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is said, nave derotcd scores of years to the study if natural laws and forces, which the rest ft the world knows nothing about. Lately i German professor visited the " adepts," is these que r Hindus are called, for the purpose of i n ling out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated tiiia rather scurviiy. but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manu scripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was as dark as the bottom of a well. '■ I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," ivas the reply, and immediately (the pro fessor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not toll whence it came, bat lie noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not - the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for douht except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake*, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years and failed to find a. cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which, they -• believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example :— " In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, " I fell into a low, ■weak, and languid state. I felt law-spirited and out of sorts.. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and 'weight at the chest. I was much troubled with the wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluids also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervous ness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my. work, but had ^always & sense of discomfort. Off and on I con tinued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieved me. At last 1 heard of Mother Sergei's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief • my food digested* and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over, disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to ssnd you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill.,. Bermingham, June 8thy 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that, c&sfe; no shadow. The latter may be true enoagh, bat it. cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trusty witness,, who will answer letters of enquiry, and can be found at bis address.' Finally, there is nothing mystte oc magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on* the theory that moat ailments are but symptoms, forme, or phases of that universal disease—indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures-, that and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows.. Andthatiswhy people believe all that is told of its success, by eager wit nesses. 