GREAT BRITAIN. (By Cable Message.)" THE ENGINEERING STRIKE. LONDON, October 22. The Board of Trade, acting under the powers conferred upon them by the Conciliation Act of intervening with a view to the settlement of trade disputes, have addressed letters to the Employers' Federation of Engineering Associations and the Amalgamated Society of Engineers respectively, wiUiB reference to the present strike in the engineering trades. Attention is directed to the lamentable results accruing to both the employers and the employed, and also to the country generally, from the present dispute, and the Board of Trade suggest the following points as a basis for a, conference between the parties That the employers disavow any intention of interfering with the legitimate action of the trades unions, while not admitting any right of interference to the management of their business; that the unions, on the other hand, maintain their right of combination, but disavow any intention of interfering in the management of the employers' business; that the present demand for a week of forty-eight hours be withdrawn and that a conference be held between the parties to settle the question as to the hours of labour. 2 3 4 , GREAT BRITAIN: AND " - BIMETALLISM. LONDON, October 22. It is understood that the British Government, in replying to the proposal of the United States and' France for the holding of an international conference on the currency question, while declining to take part in the proposed conference, declare that Great Britain is equally interested with America and France in securing a stable par of exchange between silver and gold. TLTE TYPHOID EPIDEMIC. LONDON, October 21. Fifty fresh cases of typhoid fever have been reported at Maidstone. is in Kent, during the past week, making a total of 1700 cases since the outbreak of the epidemic six weeks ago. The number of deaths from the disease now totals over 100. SWIMMING CONTESTS. LONDON, October 21. Ernest Cavill, the Australian swimmer, has covered a quarter of a mile In 30sec. faster man the time occupied by him for the same distance in his 500 yards match against Nuttall, at Doncaster, on the 8th September, when she was easily defeated by the English champion. Cavill is in good form, and expects to defeat M'Cusker, the English swimmer, in the quarter-mile contest which has been arranged to take place at Westminster on the 26th Instant. With regard to the match between Cavill and Nuttall, above referred to, an English exchange says The affair proved most disappointing to the many keen sportsmen present, and, as was anticipated, Nuttall won in the easiest possible fashion. The Australian from start to finish never had a ghost of a chance with the English champion, who since his boyhood has been, when In condition, the " one" man in England, either professional or amateur. Even now rye do not know his abilities, for though he beat record in this match he was not pressed, the Australian giving up soon after reaching the half-distance, and when nearly a length behind. From the dive Nuttall showed in front and very quickly gained a lead, which he increased as he pleased. The Australian struggled on, but was evidently in difficulties, the fast pace set by Nuttall being too great for him. When nine lengths out of the seventeen had been traversed by Cavill his opponent was over a length ahead, and soon after the Australian stopped dead, and retired from the contest. Nuttall went on alone, and when he reached the 500 yards mark was inside record, his. time being 6min. 38sec., as against Grain. 431 4sec., the previous best, also by Nuttall, as far back as" 1890 in a thousand yards race. His time for the full distance (500 yards) was 6min. 50sec. There was but little speculation on the race, the odds being quoted at 8 to 1 on Nuttall. What would now please lovers of taxation would be a contest between Nuttall, Tyers, and Percy Cavill, now that the Australian amateur is here, and could the consent of the Amateur Swimming Association be gained for such a struggle, terms could easily be arranged for the race of the century. The performance of Nuttall in this his latest race, after nearly four years abstention from competitions, proves how really good he is. LONDON, October 22. Percy Cavill, the amateur champion swimmer of New South Wales, won the eighty- eight yards race at Westminster yesterday in 55sec, beating Lindberg by two yards. He was afterwards entertained by the Ravensbourne Club. AN AUSTRALIAN STEEPLE- ' 'CHASER. LONDON, October 21. Mt. Gollan's chg. Norton, by Ascot Romp, which was brought to England from Australia recently, won the Plod- ders' Steeplechase, run at the Notting Siam Meeting to-day. 