PART VII. On the following morning not a vestige of Walker or the boat could be seen, and as the sea was pretty rough during the night, it was concluded to be useless waiting any longer, and at seven o'clock another start was made southwards. When less than three miles had been traversed a broad and rapid stream with precipitous banks was met, which it was not possible to cross without a boat. One of the men proposed making a raft, byt that would have entailed much labour and loss of time. Moreover, it was problematical whether it would have been safe to cross on such a structure, and at length it was decided to follow the stream westward to the peak of Mount Cook, from which it seemed to flow. This eminence was only a few miles inland, and it was thought that more abundant food might be got in that direction, At nightfall the travellers had got into one of the deep glens which furrowed the eastern side of the peak, and there they camped until the morning, almost famishing for want of food, nothing of an edible nature hav ing been met. Early in the morning Ellen managed to shoot a rock wallaby, and that being cooked, allayed the pangs of hunger. The night had been very wet, which added to the discomfort of the situa tion, William Young being the only one who appeared unconcerned with his surroundings. Of late he seemed to have regained a little more sense, and often a flash of intelligence would light up his face, giving it an aspect such as it wore before the tragedy in the Mangrove Swamp. By noon the party had attained an altitude from which a magnificent view was visible. The vast Pacific appeared to stretch away almost from the base of the mountain, and long the wretched pilgrims looked in the vain hope of discerning succour in the shape of a white winged sail. Young had climbed to the summit of a high rock quite fifty feet above the others, and with hands shading his eyes, stood in wrapt atten tion gazing seawards. 'Comedown, Bill. We can turn the stream here,' cried Kinloch. ' Mind there, man ; you'll break your neck,' Kinloch warningly called as the half foolish fellow slid down the almost perpendicular side of the rock, but alighted in perfect safety. ' You look scared, Bill. Have you seen the spectre of the old Pandora or got a fright with the fall ?' the Scotch man laughingly asked his comrade as he noticed a peculiar expression on his countenance. 'The spectre of the old Pandora,' repeated Young in solemn tones as he followed Kinloch, who took no more notice of him than if a child had spoken. At this point the river was turned and a course was taken down the south bank towards the coast again, which, after all, was found to be the best route. Two hours after crossing the head there was another commotion amongst the travellers, for Young had disappeared and.his wife was frantic. ' He must have gone ahead, Alice, for I saw him at the bend yonder,' Ellen at length said to her. ' YVe will find him down at the coast in the morning if he doesn't turn up before. If not, I'll promise to come back here and search with you until we do find him.' It was only this solemn promise on the part of the young woman which reconciled Mrs Young to leaving the place where her husband had dis appeared. She well knew that Ellen would do as she said, and fretting at the foolishness of her husband, the woman plodded on with the party. When Young was first missed, a diligent search was made in the vicinity for traces of him, but after losing an hour, the quest was given up as vain. Darkness fell when the travellers were some three miles from the beach, and camp was formed for the night. It was fully two hours after sunrise when the castaways emerged through the scrub on to the sandy beach, and for a few moments they stood as if petrified at what they saw. Then a hoarse cry of joy giving vent to the long pent-up feelings rose from the throats of the men, and with a low hysterical moan Mrs Young fell upon the strand in a semi-fainting stale. Not two hundred yards away, in a tiny haven, was a small sloop, on the deck ot which stood British seamen, and amongst them could be seen the figure of William Young. As the pilgrims were observed, an answering welcome sounded from the sloop, and a few moments later a boat put off. Within five minutes the castaways of the Pandora were on board the New South Waleg Government surveying sloop, 'TheOxley,' and Captain James was listening in astonished indignation to the story told him by the orphan of old Captain Cooney. :. ' If it hadn't been for this queer fellow,' and James placed his hand on Young's shoulder, ; we would have been far away by this time, and God only knows how you would have fared,' said the-skipper of the Oxley. 'What do you mean, Captain? Didn't you pick .Young up here this morning?' asked Ellen in surprise. ' Not at all. He came on board last night like a ghost about five miles to the north of this spot. We had run into a large creek for the night and were astonished to find evidences that a white camp had been recently pitched close to where we moored. That fact probably saved the poor fellow's life, for I see there's something wrong here,' and the captain tapped Young's fore head. ' Had it not been for seeing the remains of the camp so unlike those made by the natives,' he continued, 'we would certainly have fired on him, for he disregarded our challenges. Feeling that white men might be about -we did not dream that white women were in the vicinity,' and here James gallantly doffed his hat-' my orders to the sentries were not to fire on anyone or anything without absolute necessity. When this man came up in the dark ness they carried out the orders, and as soon as we found he was a white man we crowded round him, but devil a bit of information could we .get out of him.' y, 'How did you come here then, Captain ?' interrupted the girl. ' Well, we got this from him in dumb show. When questioned as to whether there were any other of his sort in the neighbourhood, he pointed in this direction, and when day broke we came round here under his guidance. Of course from what you have told me I now know what has caused his trouble, but you can thank him for having probably saved all your lives,' con cluded the captain to his wondering listeners. ' I actually believe he must have caught a glimpse of your craft, captain, yesterday afternoon <from the top of yonder peak. There was something curious in his look as he came down from the rock,' interjected Kinloch. ' That must have been it. He could scarcely have come on us by chance, and would certainly not have left you as he did unless there was the prompt ing of glimmering reason in it. A sane person would of course have drawn your attention to what he or she saw, but in this case the mind was only able to grasp the single point, which was that a vessel was in sight* At any rate, he has done well, and perhaps ere long he will have all his faculties to command. I would like to get my hands on those ruffians who have injured him so, but no doubt they have long since been food for fish,' indignantly concluded the captain. . You must have run into the creek where we camped the night before last, captain, and where our last misfortune happened,' spoke Ellen Cooney in a sad voice. ' To BE CONTINUED 