~i GRATIA8' TRIALS. Ex LUCY RANDALL COMFORT. CHAPTER XXVII.-(Continued.) 'No hope !' she repeated to herself, while her lips seemed to grow hard and dry like brass-- no hope ! Oh, Father in heaven, hasit come to that ?' Meaqwhile, Almira Bassett, rock ing to and fro in her arm chair, was sinking into a cornm fortable dose, frm vihich'she was roused by the clook pt,-thing eight and iMrs. Kempfel~d'sa vo?o?s a..e and the same tiin. 'Amira? I?am col d; will you spiread another bianket vevr re ?' .' Col !'echoed Mis Bas~,?t t 'nd 'you? iead and hands feeling lilke fire ! liowetS, t~here's blankets enough. I don't care.' A!d she ~ieasd a geavy chintz corm 'iotet on the bed as she spoke. 'There now ! Have yaou iay more fault to find ?' askled Miss Bassett, in an injured tone, as she dropped into the fir'e one of the powders the doctor had left. As the half-hours went by, Almira Bassett burned the little gray powders one by one, watching them blaze up with a sleepy gleam in her black eyes like the light emiuted from a panther's eyeballs. 'Better so,' she murmured to her self; ' better so.' It was some time after midnight when she rose and went to the door to get a stick of wood to replenish the dying fire. As she stepped out into the hall, where the wood-box was kept, she started back with a smothered cry, for close to the angle of the door-way stood a slender figure, all in white, like a ghost. ' Gratia !' Fbr it was Gratia, waiting and listening, with a deadly chill at her heart. ' What on earth are you doing here, child?' demanded the old maid. ' Go to bed right off, or I'll call your pa.' Gratia disdained to answer; she only turned and glided away. But she did not go to bed; when the gray dawn rose above the mountains she was still sitting on the stairs, waiting and listening. OHAPTEg III. THE QUILTITIG PARTY SURPRISED. The next day dawined clear, soft, and radiant. Mrs, Deacon Playfair, who lived in the big yellow house across the road, congratulated herself that the weather was so auspicious for her quilting bee. A quilting bee in the countr'1 i synonymous with a '!reception'. d 'le city; only more sensible, in thr t there actually is something done ? sides exchanging hollow compli .~~ts, and criticising one anothe t'a toilettes among the fair guests. By two o'clock t'ae preparations vere all complete. and the long supper-table, sprrjad with show-white damask and 'iles of napkins, was ready for .tce last touches. Mrs. iPlayfair e'nd Ph~ be Ann, her daugh ter, had excelled themselves in cake and jelly, dulcet creams, and raised binuit. :At three o'clock the quilt was finely under weigh, the centre of a nucleus of thrifty neighbours, whose needles and tongues wagged in chorus, and the principal topic of discussion was the shadow hanging over the opposite house. Mrs. Playfair was seated near the door, which stood wide open to admit the yellow flood of the afternoon sun shine, when she chanced to look up. A gray shadow crept over her face, the features suddehly became drawn and rigid, and she started to her feet with a shriek. 'Hush!' she cried. 'Look there! 'What is that ?' Mrs. Playfair beheld a sight which turned the blood in her veins to a cold tide of terror-Mary Ksempfield, death pale and ghastly, standing in the door-way, her hands clasping the side post, as if for support, and her dark hair streaming wildly down over her white nightdress. ' Merciful fathet!' cried Mrs. Play fair; she's dead, and it's her ghost!' Mary Tempfield turned her wild, hollow eyes to the speaker, and seemed to strive for utterance, as the neigh bours, rushing forward, gathered round to help support her realing form. 'What is it, Mary?' cried Mrs. Waring. 'What is it you have to tell us ?' 'There was a rattle in the dying woman's throat-a husky whisper on her lips- but that was all. The next instant Gratia Kempfield was kneeling on the floor beside her mnother, crying out: ' Mamma! mamma!' And Miss Bassett, hot and flushed with the haste she had made, ran into the;room,: mingled terror: and defiance in hier face. , ' What has she said ?' she shrieked.' * What has she told you ?' : CHAPTER IV.: AFTER ITHE FUNERAIL. .Even as Miss Bassett spoke, the seal seemed to be removed from the dying woman's lips. ' Gratia!' she uttered., 'My chil dren-Gratia !' And that was the. ast word that Mary Kempfield ever spoke. :" While they were lifting ,the stiff form, Almira Bassett looked from one to the other with fierce, hungry eyes. 'Why don't you tell me what it was ?' she said, with her hand pressed tight to her fat white throat, as if to repress some upsurging emotion. ' Of ,course she was only raving; you all 'know that she is delirious. Tell me I am not afraid.. You know they turn against their best friends when when the fever fit is on 'em.' 'Land's 'sake !" said Mrs. Howe, 'you needn't be so scairt, Miss iBassett -you heerd all we did.' ' Is that all ?' said Miss Almira, breathing quick and fast. ' I didn't know but'that she'd been talking non sense. Poor dear! I had just stepped into the kitchen to see about a little warm water-I couldn't have been gone'two minutes-and when I came backh the doors were all open and. she was gone. Mercy, what a start it; gave me !' And hurrying forward, she bent over the bed where they had the victim of a cruel treachery. ' Gratia, don't get close to your ma -Ahe can:'t stch her breath,' she said reproachfully, 'It don't matter,' whispered Mrs. Waring, drawing her gently back. ' Hush ! don't tell the poor child yet; she'll never breathe again in this world.' So ended Mrs.' Deacon Playfair's quilting party. The windows were closed .in the Kempfield farm.house; the 'green paper blinds were rigidly drawn down to exclude the light and sunshine that was practicable; people came and went on tiptoe, especially as they passed the room where the corpse lay all robed in white, with a cluser o: tuberoses in its cold fingers, and one watcher, sitting tirelessly beside the pillow. 'What makes you crry so hard, Gratia ?' asked Raymond, coming in, and stroking her face with his soft palm. 'Are you going to die, too? Mrs. Playfair says you will.' '.I wish I could! moaned Gratia, the hot tears streaming down over hp little brother's hands; ' oh, I or 'P wish I could !' - ' And leave me, Gratia ?' She clasped the child close t her heart. ' You are right, darling; " had for gotten; I have you to li- . fao yot If she could speak she v ,o t el so. Come and look at, e m She led the little ioer Raymond.' He stood on tiptoe Joy to the coffin. temple of his dead .m other co 'Wcli ho is it, Gr' Ati?he whispered, wih awe-stric' rbtirts, an looklng up 'Mamma,' cn eyea's. ' it . she answered. me and k , sn't. Mamma would love hite , - as me. Mamma was not as wh at tad still, and cold. Gratia, S have they done with my mana ?' an?_ kneeling there beside the bier ,/ her dead mother, Gratia Kempfield tfied to explain to her little brother the awful riddle and mystery of death. Meanwhile Ira Kempfield, sitting at his fireside in a sort of enforced idle ness, more embarrassed than otherwise by the visits of condolence of his friends and neighbours, twirled his brown, toil-hardened fingers round and round, and felt dimly that some great calamity had overtaken him. He had no care or trouble to assume -Miss Bassett took all that upon her own shoulders; he felt her presence was a relief and a blessing. ' I don't know what I should ever have done if it hadn't been for her,' he kept saying. ' I don't know what would become of me if she wasn't here now.' ' Gratia,' said little Raymond, soberly, to his sister, as they were coming home, hand in hand, from the dreary village church-yard, where the nettles, and burdock, and trailing blackberry vines had been cleared away to make a grave for Ira Kemp field's wife, ' will they put you and me in big holes in the church.yard like that when we die ?' 'I suppose so, Raymond,' his sister answered, scarcely heeding his words. ' Then I don't want ever to die !' 'Listen, dear,' said Gratia; it is dark and dismal there now, but we will make it a beautiful flower garden. We will come there every day, and work. We will make her grave fair and bright with the autumn blos soms.' Thus she spoke, thinking inwardly. ' At all events, the child shall not learn to-a have fear and horror of his mother's grave.' Mrs. Deacon Playfair thought it was very odd that Mr. Kempfield walked to and from his wife's grave with Miss Almira Bassett, a moving mass of crape and bombazine, upon his .am. 'He'd ought to have gone with his daughter,' she said, shaking her head. 'It looked too forlorn for anything to see them two poor children stragglin' along behind, like lost lambs.' But Mrs. Playfair had not observed the manoeuvre by which Miss Almira rustled up to the widower's side and slipped her hand through his arm, in the momentary confusion of leaving first the house, and then the grave. Ira Kempfield himself had been a little startled by the boldness of the coup d'etat, but he took it for granted that it was all right and: proper, or Almira would not have done it. Gratia was standing by the window, when the maple leaves were slowly drifting down, when Raymond,camne soberly up to her that afternoon. SWhat are you eating, Ray ?' she asked, scarcely thinking what she aid. 'Have you found some ripe chestnuts ?' 'No,' said Raymond, with his little round cherry of a mouth full of some thing. 'Oousin Almira gave me some candies. :1 picked. up a basket of chips for her to kindle the fire, and she gave me all these. See !' 'Give them to me,' said Gratia, contracting. her brows, sand holding out her hands. 'You know, Ray, the doctor said candies weren't good for yOU,' Thb child jerked himself bnJkward with a quick, imDatient movement. 'No !' he ejaculated, stamping one tiny foot. ' Give them to me thisinstant i' said Gratia, trying to take the obnoxious bobons from the little fellow by main I force. He sat up a piteous outcry, nDa Mais A?wira came in from the -dtchen.. 'What is it, darling? W . hurting my little motherless Ip ,' 'in 'No one is hurting ' ~b''. Glratia, dding her best t ~i,' 'di~i temper. 'Heis eati t :ieev',. candies, aand his 6~ t e'olt1ii*e cate.' thaseh 'is 'b Bb81 'La ! is ft 'What r ~ et A ll' hisstilmiee ra. candy.' -'0tber~se! ABl'children eat .* £Yr5 ond is not'li1'e:allchildren,' daid Gratia. ' He is siiject to fits, and the do' tor esys we must never let ' m ave anything dof the kind.' hey woi't hurt 'him,' said Miss Basset't . Do etthe poor little fellow de at emt. There, there, Raymond, ear , don't cry-you shall have more r She is taking his love away from L O, too,' Gratia thought. 'Oh, what shall I do ? What have I worth living for? Oh, mamma, mamma?' The tears that streamed down her cheeks relieved her in some measure; the cool air against her .fervid cheek seemed almost like the touch of a tender hand, and suddenly a little voice sounded on her ear: ' Gratia ! sister! lift up your head I don't care much for the candies. I won't eat anymore if you don't want me to.' And Gratia hugged the little nest ling form up in her arms, feeling that they two were left all alone in the world together. ' You-mustn't stay out here in the cold, dear,' she said, after a minute or two. ' Won't you just go up to the top of the hill with me, Gratia ?' pleaded the little boy, ' to see if there are any sweet wild grapes on the stone fence by the lane ?' ' Come, then,' said Gratia, holding out her hand, with a smile. When they stopped, breathless and ruddy-cheeked, at the top of the hill, R?aymond looked wistfully up into his sister's face. 'Gratia,' he said, 'what does it mean to have a new mother ?' ,:' A-new mother!' ' 'Yes. How can:we have a neiwr m~other? Our mother is dead.' 'Of course she is, Raymond. What do you mean ?' 'I heard Mrs. Playfair whisper it to Miss Pemberton at the funeral.' ' Whisper what, Raymond?' ' Why, she said I should have a new mother pretty soon. How can I, Gratia.' Gratia felt a cold chill run through her veins that was not the frosty sweep et the evening wind rustling the vinew leaves at her side. Miss Almira was at the door when the two children returned, and through the open portal they could see the cheerful gleam of the firelight as it played on the glass and china of the ready-spread table. 'They've come at last,' said she to Ira Kempfield, who eat inside, staring thoughtfully at the fire. 'Gratia, dear, you shouldn't have that child out so late, with his tendency to croup.' 'It will not hurt him,' said Gratia, shortly. 'You don't know that,' said Miss Almira, reproachfully, drawing the little boy to the fire. ']Mercy, ne ! how cold his little hands are! He shall sit on Cousin Almira's lap and warm them.' Gratia turned away. She could not bear to see Raymond enfolded in the caresses of the woman she most dis liked of anyone on earth. But Mr.; Kempfield's gaze rested admiringly on the tableau. 'I'm sure I don't know how we shall ever pay you for all your kind ness to me and the children, Almira,' he said. ('o be continued.) 