WINTER IN THE COUNTRY. (Written for Quiz). Now sings a cool, bland wind, where falls and flows The runnel by the grave of last year's rose; Now, underneath the strong perennial leaves, The first slow voice of wintering torrent o grieves. Now, in a light, like English August's day, Is seen the fair, sweet, chastened face of May, She is the daughter of the year who stands With Autumn's last rich offerings in her hands; Behind her gleams the ghost of April's noon, Before her is the far, faint dawn of June; She lingers where the dells and dewy leas Catch stormy sayings from the great bold seas; Her nightly raiment is the misty fold That zones her round with moonlight colored gold; And in the day she sheds, from shining wings, A tender heat that keeps the life in things. That is May—Henry Kendall's May. And though Henry Kendall is a poet I don't doubt his word—I accept un hesitatingly his version of May. The month is all that and more—far more. Perhaps you, my dear town cousins, you who walk your well-paved streets dry shod or accept unthinkingly the services of the passing car—you who take the rerandah-roof and the um brella as rightful offerings of nature— may not correctly comprehend the "first slow voice of winter " as it is heard or rather felt in the country. As for the " more " part of the business—may you never personally experience it is the prayer of a friend. Listen, therefore, to the country cousin who offers you his interpretation of this " daughter of the year who stands with autumn's last rich offerings in her hands"—the "last rich offerings" being, by-the-way, a few scurvy watermelons and somesuspicious looking quinces. I have felt the " cool, bland wind"—oh, yes, I felt it but three days ago, and, methinks, I feel it still. It came from the West—at least so say those people who will persist in obtruding their ideas of the points of the compass upon me. Left to myself I should say it in dubitably came straight from " beyond Kerguelen," the frozen South, where the ships never go. Be that as it may I made no error as to its destination, for it went to the marrow of my bones and froze it. There has been no sun since to melt it, my marrow I mean, and as for fires—ob, my town cousins, ye who have but to turn to the trusty scuttle for fuel, hear my wail and have pity on me! "The fair, sweet, chastened face of May "—chastened with what ? Tears, of course. That means that it has been " raining cats and dogs and o o hailing omnibuses " for the last week, and all I have to make fires of is wet logs, which do nothing but steam and smoke, and sodden sticks of wattle that have to be dried by the logs before they wiil begin to smoke on their own account. I don't know so much about the "de'ls and dewy leas catching stormy sayings from the great bold seas," but I will take my davy that the hilltops catch them—catch them when the same sayings are flung in their teeth by a bitter wind, and don't forget them either. Kendall has forgotten—completely f orgotten to mention the mud through which this "daughter of the year"-—if she ventute to poke her nose outside the door— must wade. He has forgotten it, so let me borrow a line on the subject from a living poet for the occasion— " March 1" (it ought to be May) " The mud is cakin' good about our trousies." Yes, it cakes good, and not only on our trousers but on our boots. Woe is me! Do I but plough through scarce half a chain of the bog at the back door I return with a ton of clay clinging to each Blucher, and when after an hour spent at the scraper I sneak within to my humble meal, what a terrific wigging do I not get for scattering various (I will not say sundry) globes and globules of mud in my track across the floor, which has already been swept a dozen times, I am told. Yea, the " wintering torrent" may "grieve," but not more than I do at what time it catches me unawares before I can flee into the hollow eucalyptus tree and drenches me through and through and sows the seeds of the racking " rheumatics or when it penetrates my lowly erection of wattle-and-dab to leave great areas of plaster to fall, mayhap, upon my sleeping face. Town cousins, the agony of a winter's day in the country is a thing not lightly to be incurred. Thank your precious stars that you are town cousins, and keep a little sympathy for your wretched relative who is, alas ! otherwise. —L.K. 