WHOSO FINBETH. A WIFE, pomaaHZD BT 8BKIU' AlfflilWItKMHK | - r' , " . T , \- By -WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of ''<Thfr Groat War in- Engjand iii 1807," ' " Eoraida," "Stoleu Souls," "Guilty . 'Bonds," "A Secret Service," &u;,, &o.; rCorsnionr. CHAPTER XXXVI j— Continued.) & "TOL BTO,' I said. ' Don't speak- \- Ami like that.' A \fL ' I would,', 'slio. clo- A clured, in u despairing way.- ' What followed ,Ws a dark, mysterious tragedy, whilo. all the timo' 1 know tlmt you must suspect— that,' after nU, you might forsake me. \Yitliin n week after bind- » ing myself irrevocably to -tlio Czar's 1 'army of spies I made a discovery that . held mo appalled. I found ; that niy master, tho man' to whoso will I wus compelled tosubmit, was none othor i than our discharged yalot de ohamhrc— the man who two yoniij before had declared his love. : At tlio timo my mother had engaged him -4 ho. was alroady in' the secret sorvico,/ ' 'and had 110 doubt kept watch upon us. Ho came to mo at the Hook, and; exulting in tho fact that I had hecohio his puppet, renewed his protestations of' . v affection. When, frankly,' I told hint that I hated him and loved only you, ho at once informed me, with a grin of satisfaction, that , tlio department' in Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of n secret convention at that moment being con cluded between your country and Ger many, and that I must got possession of it at any cost, through you. It was in order that I might betray you that the imperial permission had been givonto our marriage. In indignation I refused, whoroupon ho threatened to expose 1110 to you as a Russian spy, and I saw only too clearly that any such revelation must end for over, our - acquain tance. He cajoled, urged, tlireat- oncd, and explained! all tho i.claboruto precautions that had been taken by two clerks in Russian - pay at your Foreign. Office in order that on a ' cortain day you should carry the precious document in your poeket, and how ho 'had prepared the dummy envelope sealed with your Minister's seal. At last — at 'last, after striving, long and vainly against tho , performance of this i ignominious aetioii that I knew must reflect on your honesty, I was compelled tosubmit. Ah! yon ' can 'never know what agony I suffered. I .verily believe that in those fow days the terrible . vongcaneo of that scoundrel'' drove mo S insane. The hideous ghost of tho past j causes mo to shudder whenever I think I of it.' I echoed her sigh, hut no word .escaped me. Her revelations wore > astounding. I had never suspected her i of being nctunlly a spy, although the discovery of tho stolon convention in hor escritoire had lont colour to that view. ' I deceived you,' she went on in a hard monotonous voice. ' But only be- causo I loved you so fondly, tjnd dreaded that this man, who hud long ago vowed 'to wreck' my life, would expose, .and ./thus part us.' Yet I could not bring myself to commit tho theft. How could I place upon you — tho man who was all in all to me — the stigma of having traitorously sold your country's secrets V Tho man who held mo ouslaved, and , whoso attentions I had spurned, oxultcd in liis malevolent revenge. Ouco ho : offered, if I would ronounco all thought I of you und treat him with more cor diality, to commit tho theft himself, hut 1 refused, determined at all huzurds to remain' with you us long as possible. Onco it was thought that the secret con vention would bp sent to -Warnhnin Hall, and I was compelled to go down there to doviso some moans of obtain ing it. I found Dudley staying in tho ' villngo, and wo returned to London to gether. . The end must sooncome, I knew. Therefore I lived on in daily terror of what must follow. At last the day dawned on whioh I had to meet you at tho Foreign Office, and filch from you \ the bond of nations. Aftor breakfast I stood out on tho lawn by tho suuny y river's brink, contemplating 'auieido / rather than your ruin,- when there rowed up to the stop's Dudley Ogle, who hailed mo, inviting me to pnll up to Windsor, and there lunch with him. At once I accepted, and aftor ombarking told him of my dilomrah, and besought ' v / his nssistauco. As you know, .lio was a good amateur conjuror, and skilled in teats of sleight , ol' hand. Without thought of tho couseqiioncos ho resolved ' > to commit tho theft for' my . sako, and when I ' had f ully oxplnined nil tho facts and givon him tho dummy en- velopo that tho cunning ohiof of tho " Okhrahhpo Otdolbnio " had prepared,' ' ho turned tho . boat and. put mo ashoro '4 at tho.Nook, .afterwards rowing rapidly '.downto Shopporton to chango and go at oneo -to London.'- ; . . ' . ' 1 . ' Ho did this because ho loved you?' X exclaimed sternly. . No,' she answered, reassuringly.' Poor . Dudloy. was - simply my friend; Ho called on you and extracted tho document from your pocket whilo you' lunohpd togpthor, heoause . ho -saw in what-a dilemma 'I..wns. ' Ho - know I ... loved you dearly, and jieyor. oneo spoko, a smglo' word of affection to mo.; That; ( I swear before Heaven. - What followed- \- his visit to. Downing street I havo only \ a hazy idoa, so frill of awful anxieties j wus - that . breathless day. ; From : I Waterloo station ho tolographod to me . : .that ho had. successfully secured the ' agreement and handed it to the chief of spies Tho latter, who lmd boon wait ing in Parliament stroot expecting mo, spomg him, took in tho situation at a glance, und approaching him. asked for; tho document, whioli he had given up. '- An hour afterwards, foaring that you might suspect ino,' I telegraphed to you ".at;,;j;, Shbpporftra ' to dine with . . us,' . well knowing that : alrcqdy the text of tho convention -i: was at that moment being transmitted to. Potorsh'urg,' and that war was im- , ,minont: You camo ; you kissed mo. I loved yon dearer than life, yet dreaded ' .-tho frightful consequoncos of tho das- . - tardlyact I had instigated. Suddenly, while wo were at dinner, and you were ' : . : laughing, Hapjiy and unconscious of tho \- r conspiracy against the peace of Europe, .» thought flashed across my mind. I well knpw that an awful conflict of \- armed forces must accrue from my deep, \- - i/lnamnnhlfi niinmno nml if. nnnuvmtd fn me, as I -sat by your aide, -that 1 would, using tho secret cipher I had boon pro vided with, ' telegraph- to - Petersburg in the iiaiub of tho chief of . spies, assuring our Foreign Department that's,' mistako had.-' boon liiudo. . I slipped out, niul running down to tlio ; telegraph office just, before it closed, sent a mossagc to ah unsuspicious looking address, stating that tho toxt of tho convention already sent had .booii discovered to bo that of a fojooted draft,, and, not that of tho actual defensive nllituico . that had received, .the, /signature of the. Emperor William.';;. 'IV ' ! - V / ' 'Tliou.it wns actually tliis mossago of yours that p'revbntod war !' I gasped,' in profound astouishincnt. ' Yes,' sho misworcd. 'Bbforo receipt of my tologiutn all preparations were being made for tho commencement of hostilities,' but on its arrival tho Czar at oneo ' countermanded tho mobilisation order, aud Europe was thoroby spared a torrible aud bloody conflict. Ah! that wns indeed a momorablo night, brought to a conclusion by a dark and torrible tragedy.' Her astounding disolosuros held mo dumbfounded. I remembered vividly how, during _ our lnnhh at the Ship, Dudloy had risen and goiio out to the bar to speak to mi acquaintance. It was at that moment, having. Btolcn tho doeUinont from "me, ho glanced at its register number and imitated' it upon tho dummy with which . Ella lmd pro vided liirn. 'But how came you possessed of tho original of tho convention?! I asked. ' A weok bot'ore I fled from you I received it .by post, anonymously,' she replied. 'When compelled by my enemy to leave: you and return here to my true position, I unfortunately loft it bohind, and know that, soonor or later, you must discover it. The mun-who, with tho Czar's authority, ' held mo under tho lash, still holds me, tho play thing of his spito, and threatens that if I allow you to. como here aud occupy your rightful place as my husband, he will denounce me to tho British Govern ment as a spy. Hence, I am still his puppet : still held by n bond of guilt that I dare not break asunder.' "Be patient,' urged Soniu, in a deep,, calm voico. ' Bo patient, and you shall yet ho froo.' " ' Ah 1 Geoffrey,' sobbed my wife, hor blanched, tenrful faco burial 'in her hands, ' you can novor, I fear, forgivo. After all, notwithstanding tho glamour thot must surround mo as .grand duchess, X nm hut a mean, despicable woman, who foully betrayed you, tho nam who loved mo.' 1 You atoued for your crime by your successful effort to preserve tho peace of Europe,' I answered. 'Yes, yes,' sho cried, with a'quiver in her voice there was no - mistaking for any note savo that of lore, ' hut, alas! I am in the power' of an unscrupulous knavo.who parted us because, ho saw mo happy with you. . Can you over forgive mo? Can you, now- you know of my unworthiness, ovor say that you lovo mo as truly us you did in those bygono days at Tho Hook ? Speak ? Tell mo?' ' Yos,' X answored, forvently prossing lior closely in uffcetionato euihr'uee. ' I forgave you everything, darling. You sinued, .hut, hold us you huvo boon, by tho hateful conditions imposed upon you by u base, -'unprincipled villuin, I cannot blamo, but only pity you.' "Then you still lovo mo, Geoffrey?' she cried panting, -gazing up into my faco. For, answer I bent until my lips Mothers in along and fond caress. In those moments of eestaoy I was con- scions of having regained tho idyllic happiness long lost. Ev'on though' hor story wus full of hitter and terrible sorrow, und remlored gloomy by tho tragic death of hor self-sacrificing Mend, tho truth' nevertheless brought buck to me the joys audpleusurcs of life tlint not long ago I believed had de parted from me for over. Again and again our lips met with murmured ..words of tender passion — sho doolaring , that hor crime hud boeu flagitious and unpardonable, yet ossuriug .mo of what I now folt con vinced, th'at hor lovo had jjoon un wavering./ If it were not that sho had resolved to ronounco her title and hucome my wife -she would novor have follon beneath tho vassalage of tho infamous scoundrel who sought hor sooial ruin. . v Thus we stood together loeked . in each other's arms, exchanging oneo again vows of love eternal, whilo Sonia stood watching us snd, silent, and motionless save for a dcep sigh that onco escaped her. ' Sho know that supreme happinoss had come to tho. woman she had once donouueed as my hittorest foe, ' COHCLHSION. ' ! It was 4 o'olock on tlio following afternoon. The black iron-studded doors ; of tho Bank of England were just clos ing. Tlio beadlo mopped -his brow. Tho traffic around the Royal Exchange was becoming more congested, as it generally does at that hour, and per spiring clerks hurrying along Thread- nacdlo street, sought tho shady side, for tho sun was still powerful. So hot indeed was tho season that genorid per mission had boon granted overywliore in tho city to wear tlio jaekot suit and straw headgear rominiseont of Margate, in place of tho conventional silk hat and , frock coat. Although in the west the houses were mostly closed, and thousands wore absent in tho country find liy tho sea, the great turbulent, hustling crowd that constitutes business London showed no sign of inactivity 01 decrease as, accompanied by my wife and Sonia, I walked up Old Broad street to that pilo of offices known as Winchester House, through tlio swing doors of whioh passed a constant stream of hurrying olorks. / By tho lift wo ascended to tho secong floor, and then passed down a lond corridor, to a door on which was inscribed tho name of 'Mr. Andrew Beck.' "We entered a largo offico of business-like aspect whore some dozen clerks -were hilBV writiner. and Wnrn infnvmi.il flint their principal, although absent, would return in a few minutes, thoroi'oro we' decided to wait, and wore ushered into' a coiufortablo private room, ono door of which opened on to tho corridor. \- Scarcely had . wo - boon seated a few momohts when the click of a latoh-key was heard iu tho door, and my friend Book 'ontered. . Ho was well dressed as usual, with a greou-tiuted carnution- in \- liis .-'button-liolo, . and a glossy hat with brim of tho latest ciirl stuck a trifle rakislily upon his head, Tlio instaiit; he -confronted' iis the light; died out of his face. Ho drew himself up with a quick look of suspicion, wliilo from .his lips there escuped u. muttered imprecation. With out furthor ado ho. turned ou his hcol, as 'if preparing to muko. a hurried oxit, ' but in a 'moment ' Soniu, dotooting his intention, sprimg towards tho door and- , provonted him. / / I to BE OOHOlirDia). ' 