THE MINUET. * (TRANSLATED FROM THIS FRKNCH OF GUT 1>E MAUPASSANT.) " I can support great misfortunes with equanimity, 1 ' said Loon Bridelle, an old bachelor, reputed sceptical. " When a soldier on the battle-lield I stepped over corpses without emotion. The cruelties of nature or of men inspire horror and indignation, but they do not give that contraction of the heart—that shudder which we feel at the sight of certain small but touching incidents. What anguish equals that of a mother when her child is taken from her—that of a man when death bereaves him of his mother? Their torment is violent ; it rends und overwhelms, but tbev recover from those catastrophes as from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas certain meetings, certain thinigs, half -seen but understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painful thoughts, which abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of moral suffering—suffering which is complicated, incurable, deeper because of its seeming mildness, more painful because of ita impalpability, tenacious in iti unreality, leaviug in the •oul a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of disenchantment, which we are long in casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things which others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated me like sharp, incurable stings. You will not, perhaps, understand that I yet remember and suffer from impressions bo quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of but one ; it is of long ago, but as vivid aa if of yesterday. I am now 50 years old ; then I was young and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy of temperament, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I had no taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I. was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasure* was to walk alone, about 8 o'clock in the morping, in the nursery garden of the Luxembourg. Oh, that garden ! It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous centurj-, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceasingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of bright, blooming flowers, boarders of shrubs as exactly ranged as a band of collegians out for a walk, lines of magnificent rosea or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this delightful grove was inhabited by bees. Their straw houses, skilfully arranged on planks, opened to the sun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths one met their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful spot and its long, tranquil walks. I went there almost every morning and read, seated on a bench. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to the sounds around me, and enjoy the infinite repose of that garden of a by-gone day. Very soon I perceived that I was not its only ear'lj- frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a stiange, little old man. He wore shoes with silver buckles, a long snuff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable gray hat, widebrimmed and furry, that made one think of the deluge. j He was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions. Ilis keen eyes were constantly agitated by a convulsive movement of the eyelids, and he always carried a superb goldheaded cane. The old fellow astonished mo at first, then I began to grow greatly interested in him. I looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest he should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a scries of singular movement®. First, a few light bounds, then a low bow, Next, he cut with his frail legs quite a sprightly caper, and then he began to turn briskly rountl and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll waj', and smiling as if to an audience. Then he curved his arms, assuming graceful postures, twisting his slight puppet's body, and saluting space with innumerable gestures at onco affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. I stood looking at him, so surprised at hia curious actions, that I began to doubt the man's sanity*. But suddenly, he stopped ; advanced as actors do upon the ftage, bowed «nd retreated with smiles and comc-dy kisses, that he threw, with nis trembling hand, to two rows » trees before him, tiien with the utmost gravity, he continued his promenade. From that day I observed hirn attentively, and each day he recommenced his strange performance. I experienced a groat desire to speak to him, and, after having bowed, I risked saying : " We are having an exceptionally fine day." He returned my salutation. "Yes, sir; the weather is quite what we used to have." A week later we were friends, and I knew his history. lie had been dancing master at the Opera, in the time of Louis XV.; his beautiful cane was A present from the Count de Clermont ; and when we spoke of dancing, he grew enthusiastic to such an extent that he talked without ceasing. One day he confided to me. " I married La Castris, sir. I will present you to her, if you wish, but she only comes here later in the day. This garden, you see, is our pleasure and our life. It is all that is left us of the past. It seems to us that we could not live if we had it no longer. It is so old, so unique in its beauty, is it not? The air that I breathe here seems as invigorating as it was when I was young. My wife and I pass all our afternoons in this spot, but 1 come in the early morning also it is so lovely then." We separated, but that same afternoon I returned to the Luxembourg, and soon perceived my frieud Ceremoniously giving his arm to a little woman, very old and all in black. With courtly formality he presented me to her. She was inded La Castris, that famous danseuse who had Avon adulation and love from king and princess, who had been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant century which seems to have left in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leaves, bathing us in warmth and light. There was no one near in the girden. From afar came the sound of passing vehicles. " Tell me, will you not,'' said I to the old man, " what was the minuet?" lie started from his seat. " The minuet, sir, it was the queen o£ dances, and the dance of queens ; but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone ; the minuet has gone with' them.'* Then he commenced, in pompous style, a long, dithyrambic eulogy, of which I understood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes of th« dance. He tried, but became confused in his description. 'Exasperated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly he turned towards his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on the bench. " Elise, if you wish, it would be very good of }*ou, we will show this gentleman what it was. Will j-ou ?" She glanced anxiously around, then rose, and without a word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I shall never forget. They advanced and receded with childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along like two old dolls set in motion by rusty machinery, somewhat out of order, but constructed of vore by a skillful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangel}' moved, all my being overwhelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an lapparition — mournful, yet ludicrous—the oldfashioned ghost of a dead century. I wanted to laugh, yet was ready to cry. All at once they stopped. They had finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in tho most extraordinary way ; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. 1 never saw them again. When I returned to Paris, two years after, the nurser}- garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other days, with its winding paths, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of the past ? Ho they wander around our modem i streets like hopeless exiles? Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet — two comical ghosts—among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moonlight? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never oloses. I cannot tell why. Undoubtedly, you find me absurd. Sound Blindness. " I knoAV what is the matter with you. You're troubled with sound-blindness,'' said a prominent up-town doctor to a visitor. " This may seem strange. You know all about color-blindness. Some persons can see a great distance, discern minute objects, enjoy works of art, and yet be unable to distinguish colors well. Now, it has been discovered that there is a similar series of phenomena in connection with the sense of hearing, and tho most natural word that describes these phenomena i3 sound-blindness. This seems to be caused by some organic defeet in the ear which is distinct from deafness as the term is commonly understood. Can you learn foreign languages." " I never could. Through study 1 can learn to read and write, but not to speak them." 