THE STORYTELLER. A FRIEND OF XHBMhTONS. A COMPLETE STORY. BY JOHN ANDERTON. How completely a man of acknow- * ledged gentle disposition can rdibhke another when he ; gives , his whole: mind to it! and how much better two -thoroughly devoted to the-task can do it than one 1 The sum of dislike m such a caseis not simply doubled; it is /multiplied.- by a figure lying some where;, between nine and fifteen; for eaclr •Individ iial poses as a magnet, with its positive: pole to the other's negative,; and so in exerting its ivliole 1 strengthi.acqhubs greater power from, the expenditure. I shall come to the. two individiii'ls who proved this statement by:-;i,iidrl)v :;i, intermediately, let ine say thiU, my uncle and aunt, Mr. and iieiir. jaram Bam on, are about ill., host-' hearted, levellest-tempei-ed ioHc iivtUe •world. : They brought, me up—u;:.ile me what I am. - I don't know -Hint" they are: particulailv proud of the achievement.: - Some people who haven't known me. Jong say they rOT^btto be.-. . • nim i i " feet as' they are, liave one failing, that unfortunately increases with advancing years. This weaknesses the eweet willingness to be ..taken, in. Odd to say. thev have not been duped half so much as some of the very always wjde awake ones who smile at their simplicity ; and the fact rather astonishes us. But ouce—all !• yes, once they were. Thev had been friendly with theirneighbours, the J nitons, for several years- Now there is a coldness between the two families. I and my friend Jack Garner reared the stout column of coldness, where I'm afraid it will ever remain if it waits removal by us. Mr. and Mrs. Jmton brought with them to my uncle's house a gentleman, Mr. Smyne Jackson; he'd niio! Int name or two—more, maybe, 1ml Smyne Jackson is Ions; enough. J hey (the Jintons) had met lnm at Brighton, found him nice, and at the end of their visit invited him to si-ay with them. He was tall—not too tall; he had regular features; but ears three times too large for his head; and eyes that were seen at then best 111 a photograph.. The camera was either kind and omitted, or imperfect, and therefore incapable, of catching the shifty look that constantly lurked in them. Either way, it was to Smyne Jackson's advantage. He didn't wait to be brought by his host and hostess the second time. He came alone, and right straight away to about the twenty-third time he did likewise At somewhere about his third visit, Jack Garner, my friend, looked stern ; at the seventh he grew indignant; at the fifteenth, savage—Jack always does the right thing at the right time— and at the twenty-first he was fairly wild. And why ? Well—I have a •iBter. Jack thought no girl like Bessie. I thought, and still think, a tremendous lot of her too. But, naturally, I am partial^ Jack's a pitiable example of a man of one idea, and Bessie is it Brothers are not usually born blind to their sisters' imperfections, neither are their eyes rendered sightless by the blaze of their beauty: Maybe this is why I know a dozen girls who are as nice , as Bessie, and one or two—one at. least—who is decidedly nicer; but Jack won t haveat. But there, he is thoroughly permeated with prejudice; whilst I—well, I always hold the:balauce fairly when my dear sister's merits are . weighed against those of other girls who cannot boast the claim of relationship with me. Jack was getting on with Bessie beautifully before Jackson came, and there was a serene and touching, unanimity about our smiles—uncle's, Mint's, and mine—on the matter;-but cur trio-of smirks dissolved partnership with quite a startling suddenness at the intruder's tenth visit, and mine was Jeft alone with only the ghost of its original capital to. carry . on the grinning' business. "I wish to goodness; Will, I'd spoken to ^Bessie before he came," said Jack to me one night, as we sat and moodily smoked m ihe.stndy. " Speak to her now," I answered. " Can't get the chance; tbat fellow'B always with her," he replied:" Per- 1 haps, Will, yon wouldn't mind speaking to your uncle ? " he added; " My dear old cbap; I should be delighted to oblige you, but I can't quite see at this moment how I can propose to my uncle, forBessie,.foryou. :I don't think, you know, it's often done by a -nephew; but I'll ask Sam Hicks; he's, got them younger than himself and hell -^^-f^fTr-Tiif in cyfiiilMtWM^ . "Don't act the idiot. AsKmm-to give Jackson a hint not to come - here quite so often," .Tack gloomdv^aid ^ "I have liinted'louB and'fcequently. —all uselessly Uncle* aSid aunt \- *eem tohave grown quitefond f of liim;'V I answered. • ,<; ©f?course,lie«omesafter:Bessie,'' he saidj in what would -have been an off- hand style if iav sigh " hadn't stripped the trappings off it and laid (t bare for what it was. : "Yes, that's pretty clear," I replied. M After her money." "Nob a doubt a L o-it it," I an two red "Whats to be done?' he asked, •ffith a groan ' I've a notion I said delightedly •' 111 spread a report that ahe s lost e^ery pound of it t ' Waste of time 1 He Tcnowjs how Svery shilling of it is mveBted^byythis time Hed find out it was a~hoax rtj an hour and finale love all the fiercer whilst pretending to "believe jit ind so strengthen his position,' Jacl^ moodily replied f ; " Well, let cos try-the other tack— 13,y she s come into a, million'' tl" Worse he d'then ^ell hei hpjiad i&wnded; to heg ~her <lto'' bp his J-wife f but he can't do bo now, ana he 11 do it \- i»tl the +imp > 1 r * r •flie's ear { ' t a c k J ^ t P ^ ^ ^ d flour when-it was her day for making.-- heavy pastiy." • , " Well >/:" Inquired Jack anxiously. " No, it didn't come out at All vi'elJ It. turned :-outito ^e^cook's. 1 . d a y , : •she wasrinvhystericsifor the'resfrof-the' moi'ini\gi;iishe fthoughtriit. referred.- ,toi! herisupei'fliinaated^milkman.,'l;.sayv that's Uncle's step ;" now, -'Ja'ck; you have it out with him " " I. should like^to^-butf lr—he paused. ;; ; .r" Do,- by all means," I answered. " You'll never have a better, chance; and iif you are, kickedoui, what's it matteri?:,.it's his house not your's, soit iWoiii't aflect your, domestic comfort, in any way " Uncle came ip as jolly as ever " Mr. Srnyjie.' Jackson's.-here -tonight, I suppose,: as usualy Uncle?-'! said • " : Tes,.'my- ]ad;"he's in'the: d-rawmgroom,.tlmiliiig'tlieiadies witlidesciipv tions of the iar-'. West," - said uncle,, not a bit perturbed, v.: :"il wish:- every ' man , .who talks- -guide-book would.ltalk the,abetter kind. Cheap guide-book -mangled ,is about as ii'ritatiug; :„as a . bad ; skin diseascj':' . J ack -broke Mil.-:.- "'1 do believe;" said my uncle, look-! iii(t 'from one to' the other',- "Miatyou boys "are yeulous: of bun—that's 3USI -llko bvothe wo 1 - VSes'-u: .a brother," said Jack, with downcast eyes: " Of course not; but we all:;consi- -dcr you as one. Youivfathe.r, • Jack, and: I were-more: like brothers than friends. Poor .Charley!: And .it's very delightful, to me to see you stand as second brother to ' my little girl.' " " Mr. Barnon, T—I love Bessie like a man. not;like a brother," Jack blurted out. The interval of silence that followed was occupied by Jack with a fit of noiseless fidgets, and ere it was broken' the happy look my uncle wore was ousted, and an, anxious expression: that'.-didn't seem, made to fit the pleasant features clothed them.. . "I'm sorry, Jack," he began; " sorry, because I think there's trouble running your way. my lad." 1 He paused. " Your father lay dying; it was late winter time, and the coining day was weakly beginning to struggle through the window and reveal the pallor— death's herald—hw the poor, drawn face. ' Yes, Charley;' I said, as our eyes met, mine wet with the stinging tears of gnef,,his dusky witli: the film of death, * I will! I will"! J He smiled, and Ins soul passed away through thelight of that smile to the: brighter: light his cloudea eyes had seen undimmed." " I know, sir, my father wished you to look after bis little orphan lad," saying winch, Jack, sprang up and. grasped my uncle s hand. " Thank you, Jack; that grip's really beautiful," my uncle said, with a sigh of relief land a look of gladness. 1 "Well, you know, Uncle, I think we can settle • Bessie happily without* any assistance from Mr. Smyne Jack-' son," I said- " Bessie shall settle her own future, Will As for your annt and me; well, we shall give our consent, to: any honest man who's lucky enough to win her gentle heart; That's our duty, and we shan't exceed it." " That's just it.; Jackson -isn't in that class," I said. •'Then he is certain :not to have our sanction," uncle replied calmly. " Yes, but he 11 prove clever enough not to be stamped as -the iinjiostor' I believe lnm to be until too late," cried Jack hotly. > • • " You're going . a little too far ; please don't, forget yourself, Jack," my uncle answered seriously. '•-••" " No, I musn't do that, he never does," replied Jack sMcastically. " Never,'' was uncle's calm reply.' " K"o, sir: self's the very last person. 111 the world Mr. Smyne Jackson would be likely to forget,"-1 broke' in. My uncle sat calmly silent for a., minute of two after hearing, what I considered Avas -an'Unmistakable;stmger " Goodihigbt, lads, and , God bless you," 'he- said-as he slowly left the room. •. • ••-'••'— • J Hhink we both looked just then, extremely ^ foolish, ^-though ; :I . can't speak to 5t positively, because each tried to avoid catching the other in • the act. When one stared out of the window the other saw something all absorbing iu the -grate,: and when one 1 paw of -eyesi. 'looked'-fixedly-idowiiion: the carpet the other pair darted up . and pjnng to a -most ;uninteresting, j :and essentially commonplace .ceiling. r .'So the:. conquerors; sat. glorying—, . "perhaps-^'n. tlieir masterly triumph. ' Tt was a famous victory. Time went .1 on. dav; by day; passed witliont any- . thingout-of . the common cropping up, and yet -each day saw Jackson slowly "" j improving - his- ^position*: :saw,' uncle > 'growing more thoughtful, me waxmg 0)e melancholy, and Jack getting , '^ij' __ " i '^-coffldn TOifkeffiv^ iin^-h^fi'^ei-h'oux by hour together without any eabghtenineni- as to the stare of her feelings - We compared note JJ - v ^^'•(^fliee^'^^t'tare'klisd'.aiea^seenv ''-i i' - "j r^lic love-light eome ' into' her™ "eyes when Jackson^ appealed,' we talked^; of this same love-light as if we knew it |ust as well at a glance as a skilled t oculist knows cataract, and' yet we didn't get a gram of comfoit out of out positive and heartily -unanimous decision t One night Jack was fuller, ""if posi sible th.m ever of the subiect, alid mv conrurrcnce m Ms 1 emaiks limped a httle i.nd didn t tcot on the whple so swiflly and fpromptlyas usual For^I p1 ad-ifseen, andj-talked and ; jwalked th Ethel Orej son on that afternoon _and I recal'ed one or two of her >=nnleB that held;, a certain q ihU t "tenderness T fincitd mj presence h id called' onto life and of ; j i"-""-. course, jt -the sweet and Mattering iecellectiui J^eraphically smiled as lanyJfellOT ! linaer4imilar ciH&imstan; cesjwould liave done, and jvhen Jack -said'-mo^diljjt 5 J tell^you whatnt is ! Will if things go on asthej are T ^believe shell say rj-yes W less than • lajmonth X guffa^fea and gunned, j k Vryang J)oi "youTeally think so ? 3 fullv da&Vutthink;^V 4)ld ba®K l .'•'•: Jackson, hud beeu away^ and was now: bacikip, staying : again'! 1 with-i < his, dear friends.-, the " Jiiitons," and Bessie was looking -: much.-about tlier.same.• as usual, I bebeve. wl may :be;wrong, - bufc ho¥ptirposely Brothers 1 - are not r 'cdnstructed on quite .-the ; .rigM lines-• to understand their sisters. , A; girl's heart. .may ,be well-nigh -broken, and with- the: best possible inten^ionlier/brother mnocently does., his level4oving^'best-'to -'help" on -'thev cruel catastiophe by a glowing, if clumsy, joke on the cause; and he becom'es' intensely hurt because his sister doesn'tflaugh quite ^ so long.and merrily as be does himself, and goes •out- iu-a teiTificiufij .and;:fancies rhejrv brain, is a Ilittle bit; ''atfected Oni t friends'- told me Bessie's 'face r waS,? wearing a pale..and ,anxious lexpi;es- ^ svori, but for the -life -of me i couldn't see iit. I never saw- it in the right light, I suppose. One'night''I"lieard'' Jack's:voice m thei hall and -huri'ied to- meet him. "IsJackson he'ie, Will'" he asked as we clasped-. hands.i !. " :YeSj-.' ; I. answered regretfully; *'.'Strange; -to, say, his iface brightened at my reply, and he at once led' the way into the draw-: ing.i,oom. ^ He .greeted uncle* aunt, .^iid.Bessa.® . in his old" happy way,,'-and politelv ^•woatJ^"^ uiri^-BuppeTTie "grew extremely polite v.to his rival, • asked his opinion 011 many subjects with apparent earnestness, and list-" ened "to his replies with flattering deference.- - f What did i snch anconsis-: tency betoken ? Afterwards, m the intervals of Bessie's singing, .Jack kept hisi politer ness running at full speed. When would the brake be. suddenly put on —for I felt it must .be applied-r—and what would be the unaturei sand extent of -the smash ? I., more than .once asked myself : . My : uncle»and . aunt—dear . simple: souls—saw nothing but their favonrite: once - more, among, - them,- happy and gay, as of old. Jack led Jackson on after a time to talk of his native land, America; of •its vast undeveloped resources, 1 ' of- -its : men of wit. men of strength, and men of money. Thfe'lafcterigrew almost: eloquent on America's: millionaires, .appearing to he as proud of 'them aa an"Englishman is of the treasures in the. British Museum and National Gralleryhe seemed to think the sheen of their piles of dollars shed a lustre on every son of American soil • in. the. : eyes of the rest of the civilised world. Jack agreed, and added rather CaSUally • ::•:.'; ,? "I. hear that one of them, of Philadelphia—by the way, he's a namesake of yours—is about to give a library, to his native city worth close upon-a hundred thousand dollars." " Yes," calmly replied Smyne Jackson ; " my father consulted me abont making the gift before I sailed." .. • " Your father ?" . answered Jack, with a ,delighted expression... " Yes, certainly. It's a large sum, ! but we shan't break up through it," replied Jackson proudly. My aunt beamed upon him, my uncle murmured : " Truly mumficent!" and Bessie looked with at least interested eyes on the son of a man so wealthy andvso:goodi, :" My fatheivis a- " '" Yesj', wp,:: know," broke in - Jack,• rather rudely : " lie is . Mr. Salem Jackson, President: of ithe Fourth 'National bank of Philadelphia." Jackson beamed his acquiescence, and Jack'svmanner suddenly changed. " Your father, Mr: Smyne Jackson," he said quietly and with much •seriousness, " lias- not yet given, the library-to; his native city, . but he's done something else ; to make himself hvem the memories of thousands of bis fellow-countrymen."-:' " Indeed.- I was not aware/'said Jackson. ; " You have not learned that he absconded a. few days since' with - a large sum of money belonging to the depositors of; his- bank ^" ;Jack '>said : deliberately ' " A most infamous lie ! " Jackson hissed hurriedly : • " Maybe; but it's printed, lie or truth, in pretty plain type .in. this \- evening) s second edition - of the Daily Express" Jack replied, .-taking- 'a- -ipaper-from-his pocket, and, holding it forth A* remarkable 'scene • followed.' Smyne Jackson; glaring hard at Jack;' rose slowly to his feet, and stretched out his right hand. -. Still keeping his eyes fixedj ;he . raised;-the paper-until; his face was hidden from us " Read—read," he faltered, after a time " I cannot see." . The paper fell . to the ground and the stnckea-iinan raisedi-his^handsrapidly and- pressed them closeJy 'over his,- eyesw;i ,1 Jackj stheffohly one unmoved among us, read the paragraph with cruel distinctness. There tuumphant i ?ng m has voice - ^^ Tjiiab grated graueu cruelly oluciij on the uue ear At jit " a sl<3 e f-ofi imy 'ifi-iend u 1 a to vac, possession of ^at'-This"' eyes StillJi^yeredp ^ave^-a^'lon few J -ieconds, fell suddpnly forward' " Oh, Jackal -Jack '^you Ji'ave killed iowSrds"the fallSn^nau. , -j.i'j' ["'i ' '"You're au^nnfeeling^haid heated r young blackguard 1 ' cried my uhcle in great wiath ' '"^Hp isn't hurt-"' said Jack calmly, 1 l rhp ? e >01^3:01 truth m that Inrag, aph-not^^' « He paused Ja-ckson lose and moiea ±owa rls-ilnr with ^ outsti'etclied^iaiud j And 310 ^ono know lit "better than r „ — T , Mr Smyne Jackson he. continued^ Wth-te iihl-deliberation I-J beg srq.u^pardofl ladies, fihut the shock was BoTteyible J>i:Jickson ignoring the latter (.parfcjdf, the Speech t - F r j j J repeat saidji Jack, m-the same 1 ! measured jitones 'I ) epeat >thait Qiat i paragraph is jalse m every hue and no l one knowljit^ ^ettgr^JJhanrf Smyn 5 Jackson } ( " j -"That ^ jmi e^arkable-vassertign -to"^ make^ said uncle jveLy^^everely ra " What 3o vop. mean by"it ? 1 T^rnrim R f Trfl -il ema 1 T. - -vli^ "If," I said,' 5 '' you 'woultl-likFt? ' fgo, Mr. Smyne Jackson^ ^e will excuse |fou making an apology for leaving so early ' Eeadijy taking the hint, he nodded to me, turned and bowed to my aunt and]Bessie, and aa he passed Jack on his way to' the door he mui mured— " Veiy, smartly dose, sir—\ery smartly done indeed." > The admirable actor was gone My uncle's face'for the nexti few minutes was a, study, diffeient -exgiressionsappearmg upon'it.atid -vanishing from it with ridiculous rapidity At length he spokeT' • " I ! have been an mpiuiious'man and uncle, and but foi' Jack's timely interfeience would doubtless have lived to soirow over my want oi caution and commoli'sense. Oli j wh.i t. a temble thing it is to be a simple, well-on-m-years idiot 1 " • " Benjamin, imy . dear: you' are .not in , the least to blame I am the simpleton But how ever did such an untruthful report find its way jnto jx respectable paper asked aunt—" "Ah, y Les, exactly. Jack, how do yon explain it?" cried uncle " he added -j "-Wheie P" he -askdd. ^^ ^on,to the Jintons to help Tf|ui to pack," I suggested. M "Doybusug(Test,thatBfissi-i|nalceg one of the packing-up paityi"' unclc inquired. "Don't say such; things, Beniamin, I daresay she's gone into the -breakfast room, to be alone for •». little time," aunt answei-ed. ..,,.:.,-- "And I daiesay Jack's gone intc tlie same room; in search of .-solitude;' I think I heaid his step a aiiuutc since,: goi ng in that direction," uncle: replied. "I fancy :they've, gone,,into/,the smallest room m the house • to all the better avoid each' other,' 1 :1 said. > • Jack retui'ued in a few - minutes partly new production^-a Jack with the best look of the old one -an this, face, intimately blended with a something that was at : once- newer, brighter, prouder. _ ' " Unele, Aunt,"-,: he cried, witli a happy smirk,, as he fondled the doorknob "I'm not your uncle," you young rascal. Yet, wait, let.uie look at you again. Jack smirked broader than ever under the joyful scrutiny : "Ndj-iiotyetj butI'm going to be. Am. 1 right, lad ?" " You are, if quite willing," Jack answered, Bessie was searched for, found, brought: in: -and - kissed, hi ushjng, \- during the process, and - subsequently appearing as an - apparently inexhaustible aiid'totally unknown quantity. "Now, Jack, if you'll give upmur muring to Bessie for iust about five short minutes, we would' be glad to hear how you got to know all about onr — that is, the friend of the Jmtoos." " Certainly, uncle. , I heardi.that Jackson, safter-the. : vfirst -newspaper; report, posedias the,son of- :the- bener volent banker. When I saw tho second paragraph in this afternoon's edition of the Daily Enpiess, I thought I'd go and ask my. American friend, Jonas Sylvester, (lie's. subeditor of the Express)- if the report came from an -authentic source. :" 'There isn't one • single:word.:of truth ,any.where m it,' he answered, confidently, when.Itput, my .question. 1 V How do you know ?' I asked. «'' Well," he replied, 'I was bom in Philadelphia, and I lived in that city just up to thirteen months-sincei' ram-'thirty^Ki-x-years andvten weeks "old,and' ; come ofitruthful-parentsj- aiid 1 •when' I: tell you ^there-iB .no Bank! President-named Jackson; I ought; to be believed,: if only ior, -the: sake ofmy pa and ma , en " You ai'e quite sure, Sylvester ? 1 ' I asked '"' Yesviust about aS Bure as l am' thatl.laug'liedJoudand'-longj'.aiidto: the point, w-hen -jl saw.,it in print, j 'Some ; other man maybe offered the library vn (another: part :of- the • ITnitedj States, but jit wasn't a banker • named" Ja'ckson;:of Philadelphia. City, certain 1 r. " ' And; the second paragraph ?' I next asked. " 'Is, I imagine, the work of a journalistic: wag,'scribingina:jocular mood-: (one. of - my 0: country men who kn6wsPhiladelphia),-w-hocthoUght^it. would be iokes to make - a philantlirophist that isn't, abscond with the rnoney of a bank that -never was, and the " pars." got unsuspectingly copied on this side.' " When Ii'eadfthis, J- thought I d run up here and -save Mr. Smyne- Jackson any anxiety about, his .parent bv telling lmn r.that wtlie.si-report'jwas^ : a»pure fabrication;!?V !Jack',-conelndcdi'K:: ! Tlien,there was.::more.general ; iia T nds"hak-ingand"inuch^iiore:indiscriminate tissins without order —- — or — method. I looked calmly W eafi'BBfonly one younglfellow >ere and therk ;^ho*,..caa getTip"ieal ^enthusiasm :over | and c.Lptivaim 1 LAt^ine-£fty,., uncle, to-'mprrojr morning," I replied! " } .. ^Batlier ^TJUSW ^^^rday %> _ choj e lhn t it? he askid, widely jopemig i his r e"ye js L - r ' ^ j " think (not. r, Mr. Greyson leaves lomeiandfstarts iori-'his - office 4ai jten ^cloc'k^tolh t « That givies V eight inmates 1 w *s cutting It ratter » fine, "my lad "I ]don't-yo .n't-you think" .-'-XT "No '"T-S 1 ^ ^ ^ I J J.1 I X U don i t UUL thmki-so I*.HU joiacleeLlt; -•won't jwon't-take -tj a\een^bus^busmfess "man i p^ierfb^ffive minu]bos4o^#esW Js 0 and that ica^es Dim rmceminutes Itoishos^me " tothe jdo^or^> " Fono^ " You're a methodical, businesslike young rascal, oven in your love;" t laughed uncle " Yes, I Jiope so , 1 don't intend to he refused for the want of a little "foresight and precaution. •. I feel too \ much to neglect any httle '-point j.that: •may-help me to |;ra^p''the' greafhappmeBS I have iong^heen striying . W reach I shall wear this coat, in the inside pocket of which is my last year's balance-sheet." ( " Which is to play flbe part _of . your sheet- anchor;: ehF'.'r cried,runcle, laughing at his own weak joke. Then all fell upon me, and wished me snceess, and I felt and think I looked like a man who knew it was • not in his powei- 'to comma-nd success, but who, with an honest, tobust balance-sheet m liiS-pocket, ,was .fu% eonsciouB he deserved it. • ? • 