A WHITED SEPULCHRE. CHAPTER XXX (CONTINUED). AN AUSTRALIAN DROUGHT. [By “ CONATUS.”] [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Others, by guilt and crime maintain The scutcheon, that without a stain, Their fathers bore. "No," broke in the owner dryly, “ it’s in the room behind mo.” Imprudent words ! for instead of attempt- ing to escape, the man drew a revolver and deliberately pointing it at the old man, said : “ I've come for the money, and am a desperate man. Give it up, or I'll blow your brains out.” An obstinate look crossed the squatter's face and Maisie sickened as she thought in agony, “ Oh! why doesn’t he give it up." Then a desperate plan suggested itself to her. The old man stood with his arms folded across his chest and the burglar faced him with levelled pistol. The least move and the shot would be fired. Maisie trembling with excitement grasped the rope which had caused her such discomfort and then in lasso fashion (a trick learned at Warandah) threw it over the burglar's outstretched arm with a sharp jerk. The unexpectedness of the movement took him completely by surprise, and the muscular bands of the squatter grasped him by the throat in an instant. “ A lucky thought, Miss Nolan,” he said cooly, “just hold this pistol to his head, and if be moves, fire at once. This rope came in very handy,” he continued skilfully binding the man’s hands behind him, and listening him securely in the heavy oaken chair. “ He’ll do nicely there till morning,” he remarked complacently, “ if necessary, but it's always been my plan through life to do without law. You meant to shoot and rob me, my man. I suppose it's your way of making a living but you didn't do it so I can afford to give you a chance. First I'll take off that black stuff and we’ll look in each other’s faces, man to man." He tore the crape off, and disclosed the death-like features of Captain Loftus ! “ My God !” the old man gasped, “ is this a joke ?” Then as the conviction forced it- self on him, that the guest who had been treated with such deference and respect, had crept in at dead of night to steal from the man whose bread he had eaten, his sorrow and pain was unbearable, and he said in dazed tones : “ A thief ! My dear old master's son ! Oh, my God ! man you were welcome to all I had! A soldier and a gentleman to steal from the man who would have denied nothing to your father's son !” He was quite overcome, and the guilty man sat silent and motionless till, feeling the rope being unfastened, he looked up. " I think,” he groaned, “ I've been so hounded down for money that when I know you had it in the house Satan seemed to favor me. It would have been easy to take as I would never be suspected. " However," he said recklessly, “ I’m caught red-handed, and am not going to whine for mercy. I’m glad I was stopped as I meant to shoot you.” " Silence sir," the squatter with pathetic dignity, “How much do you owe?" " Five thousand pounds,” he said quietly. The old man wrote a cheque and then said in the same strained voice : " Here is a cheque for eight thousand pounds. Pay your debts at once. Never again forget you are your father’s son, and be away from here first thing in the morn- ing. I could not bear to meet you just yet. If only you had asked me," he almost wailed. The silence was broken by the terrible sound of a strong man weeping, and as Maisie Nolan gazed down on the bowed form of Captain Loftus shaken with sobs, she felt something ..ap in her head and womanlike, all the excitement and danger over, fell to the ground unconscious. When when recovered she was still in the library with the squatter bending over her, and Captain Loftus was gone. She rose to her feet very sick and shaken and Mr. Stewart-Noel said quietly, " I thank you my child for saving my life and that wretched lad from murder. A lady who could keep her presence of mind as you have done, I would not insult by pledging to secrecy. His father saved me from theft and trusted me after ! Thank God I was able to save his son, and save his grey hairs from being brought in sorrow to the grave." With these words he departed and Maisie as if in a dream went up to bed and slept till long after the breakfast bell had rung. CHAPTER XXXI. THE SUNDOWNER'S REVENGE. The rural parts are turned into a den Of savage men. Facing the treasured stacks of hay on the verandah Frank Moreland sat this moonlight night. The rain which held off for so long had come in quite a deluge, and there is now water for the straggling survivors, and grass is already growing. The sundowner is still camped beside the river and his presence is like a sword hang- ing over Frank Moreland’s head. His suspense is terrible. The constant dread of his enemy taking him by surprise is wearing him out. That his fiendish plan is to fire the stacks there is no doubt, and as the grazier sits in solitude this bright night he feels as if life is not worth ..... The weird cry of the native bear, mingled with the curlew's shrill note, is distinctly heard from the river. Even the humming of the ubiquitous mosquitoes as they hover hungrily round seems intensi- fied. In the distance the dismal howling of the dingoes as they make a raid on the starving sheep impressed the grazier with a kind of dreary horror. “Confound it all,” he says at last. “I shall go mad if this state of things continues much longer. I'll interview that infernal scoundrel to-morrow, and if he don’t move on I’ll pitch his dirty carcase into the river. It is scandalous that in a civilized country farmers should exist under a reign of terror through these loafing scoundrels. It would be such a simple matter for him to put a match to the dry hay and sneak off quietly. Hay or no hay let me catch him in the act, and I’ll save the hangman a job.” He sighs heavily while his thoughts fly to the loving girl who is so true to him, and to his presentiment of his coming trouble on that last night, which she had so unselfishly tried to dissipate. “ I think I'll have to take Akehurst's advice after all, confound him,” he muses, “and sell the place, but it would go hard to part with it after all the wonderful plans we cherished.” Suddenly a shadow flits across the veran- dah, and the boy who loves Frank so dearly appears. “Well, old chap,” his friend says, “are the mosquitoes too lively for sleep? Please, Mr. Frank, I can't. I’ve tried ever so much but it’s no use and if you don’t mind I’ll sit here a bit with you.” “Right you are my lad. When you feel drowsy go in, and in the meantime sit close and I’ll smoke to keep off these blood thirsty animals.” The two sat in silence for a long time till Frank said kindly, “Sleepy, old boy ?” “No,” the boy said quietly, “I was won- dering what my right name was. I s’pose I’ll never find out.” “Well,” Frank replied, “If you don’t, I’m sure you’ve got a very good one.” “Yes,” he replied earnestly, “how good you are to me Mr, Frank ” “Not a bit,” Frank said in the same cheery tone, “I’m only to glad to have a young brother to bully. There could not be a more forlorn fellow with regard to rela- tions than I. Like Silas Wegg I am an orphan. As for being good, some day I’ll want a turn done maybe, and then, laying his hand kindly on the boy’s ruddy head, “Who will I come to so quickly as you ?” “Oh, how I wish you would ?" Ted ex- claimed, the grateful tears running down his face, “if I could only ever be able.” “Of course, you will,’' said his companion briskly, “and once we pull over this bad time and good seasons come, I'll send you to college and put you in a good way of earning your living.” “Mr. Frank,” interrupted the boy excited- ly, “I'm sure I saw a man creep in the shadow of the fence towards the stack. Watch ! ” It was about midnight and the moon shone bright as day, and it required no small amount of strategy to approach un- observed. Frank watched intently, and could distinctly see someone moving stealthily along. “He means to fire at this side,” he said breathlessly. “I’ll be in time to stop his little game, however.” In a second he ran swiftly across followed by Ted. The vindictive scoundrel was so intent on his fiendish work, that he was deaf to the approaching footsteps and was deliberately striking a light when Frank’s warning shout disturbed him. The baffled villain saw that his plot was fustrated, and drawing a pistol fired directly at the grazier. Frank was con- scious of a loud report and the rapid rush of Ted in front of him, who fell heavily to the ground, while Dillon turned and swiftly made off down the paddock. “Get up old chap,” he said in a bewildered fashion, “there's nothing to be frightened of. The stack’s safe, and he missed me, the cursed scoundrel.” The boy gasped “ He shot me Mr. Frank ! Thank God your safe," and became insen- sible. “ Merciful heaven,” groaned Frank as the knowledge flashed upon him that Ted had intentionally thrown himself in front to receive the bullet intended for him. He tried to staunch the blood, which was flowing from the little hero’s side but he had a terrible fear that the lad was fatally injured. Then ensued a scene of excitement ! The Corporal rode furiously into Corn- dale and the insensible boy was tenderly laid on the bed, an agonised moan, which pierced the heart of the distracted Frank being the only sign of life. He shivered convulsively at the sound of each moan and yet was thankful to know he was still alive. “ Oh God ! give me this life,” he prayed aloud; “ any other trial I will bear thank- fully, but let me not have the blood of this innocent child on my soul.” Poor Frank’s grief had risen to such a harrowing pitch, that he believed his was the fault, that Ted had been shot, as he had incurred the enmity. The hours of waiting for the arrival of the doctor were full of suspense and the com- passionate housekeeper feared that her young master would go out of his mind. The earnest little face upturned to his a short hour before hoping that he could do “ something for Mr. Frank ” haunted him. Little did either dream how soon his words were to be proved in the most effective way—the sacrifice of his own life. At last the white-headed old doctor ar- rived, and one glance at the clever, kindly face gave Frank confidence. “ How d’ye do, sir, how d’ye do ?” said the good man cheerily ; “ keep up your spirits, we’ll do our best for him.” “ Doctor,” said the young man wildly, “ that child in there throw himself in front of me and got the bullet I deserved. Save his life and all I possess is yours.” The Corporal and his wife assisted the doctor, but strong man as Moreland was, he sickened at the thought of Ted’s agony like a nervous woman, and paced up and down outside. He waited for the doctor’s words with a sinking heart, as he came from the sick room. “I've extracted the bullet,” he said gravely, “ but he’s going to have a sharp tussle and will want every care. I will remain a while longer as there’s danger of the hemorrhage starting again, and in the meantime send for another motherly woman like the one in there, as there will be work enough for two nurses.” Frank sat down and wrote to Aunt Hattie telling her of his trouble and im- ploring her to come at once. “ I know how you love him,” he wrote “ and if you could remain till he can be moved to Melbourne I would be so grate- ful." The doctor offered to post the letter in Corndale, and when he had gone, the grazier went quietly into Ted's room. The Major was seated by the bed, her kind -face disfi- gured with crying. “ He has had morphia injected and is dozing,” she whispered. “If you'd seen his agony while the doctor was finding the bullet. Oh dearie me, Mr, Frank, aint it dreadful ?” They sat by the bed and both thought of what changes had occurred since they shared the same watch, and wondered as we are prone to do what had this patient little soul done to merit the suffering which had fallen to his lot ? Tim had set up a loud yelping at the door until admitted, when he lay with a wistful expression in his brown eyes quite content if left there, but snapping viciously when the Corporal tried to turn him out. So the hours wore on, and leaving the Major patiently watching Frank walked up and down in the dawning light. His hay was safe, but at what a terrible cost! CHAPTER XXXII. FRANK'S LETTER. Oh! this boy Lends mettle to us all. Allan Kilroy, walking briskly along Leyden street, looks at his watch. “Three o’clock,” he muttered, “ and I meet Kerford at five. That will give me ample time to take a look at them all.” He rang the bell and the door was opened by Bridget who greeted him lugubriously. “Good-day, Bridget,” he said briskly, “how are you ?” “I'm well enough,” she replied dismally, “I’d need to be.” “What’s the trouble now ?” he inquired laughing. “It’s just this,” she began ; “when a body as is anxious to do her work goes and finds everything pulled to pieces even to the sausage machine, it’s more than flesh and blood can stand. From the hitching clock gone wrong, the wringer unscrewed, even the machine that way pulled about, that when I sat down to make a few aprons, after oilin’ and tryin' for over an hour, I finds the belt taken right off. I never had much opinion of men, poor creeturs, but Mr. Jack seemed to be the sort as makes a woman take to them, but ever since that blessed accident he’d tire the patience of a saint. Even the other day if he didn’t take the poor cat, not but what it’s a cross- tempered thing anyway, scratching and spitting dreadful if a body so much as goes near it even to feed it, and beats it that cruel that Miss Hattie had to come and take the poor brute away. It’s too much for me whose been tried in the crucifix and burned, through marrying a wretch who runs off with my hard earned savings six months after, and never sight or sound of him did I see since and a good job too,” she’s concluded, quite out of breath with this long harangue. Well Dr. Kilroy knew Bridget’s opinion of the nobler sex and while amused at the account of her woes, he could not help feeling anxious, Jack of late being far more querulous and hard to manage. He made his way to the “den” and in truth as Bridget put it, “havelock” reigned. An incongruous litter of everything imaginable pervaded the whole place. A sad contrast to the previous orderly way in which Jack had kept his belongings. In the midst of it he sat resting his head on his hand. The pale face was worried looking, as if the poor follow wore un- successfully solving some problem. He looked up as Dr. Kilroy entered, and shouted boyishly, “ Allan, old boy ! the very one I wanted to see.” “ Yes ?” his friend interrogated. “Well, here I am at your service. Fire away.” “ It’s a big trouble,” he began gravely, “ Allan, Biddy is going wrong in the head.” “ What ?” said the astonished doctor. “ Its a fact, worse luck. I’ve suspected it for a long time, but now I'm sure.” Allan looked at him keenly, “Probably you’re right,” he said. “What made you suspect it ?” “ For a long time,” Jack said, “she’s been a funny girl, but she’s much worse now. She sits by herself for a long time and laughs till my head aches, and when I go to see what’s the matter she says, It’s in the book,’ as if laughing could be in the book,” with great disgust. “Another time she cries and that’s in the book. But of late she gets paper and writes the most atrocious lies down and calls it ' My Mistake.' I'll mistake her some of these times. She says her name’s Gwendoline. I always watch her and as soon as she is done I burn it.” “ How do you got it ?’’ asked Allan with interest. “I procured a key,” he says with great dignity, “ and I open her desk and take the stuff out, but I’m getting tired of it, Allan,” he said, passing his hand wearily across his brow, “and my head aches. I must go back to the office soon again. They can’t do without me much longer.” “ Oh, plenty of time” Dr. Kilroy says brightly. “ There’s nothing of the kind,” the poor fellow says irritably; “ I’m going back next week.” “ And the invention ?” queries his friend. “ Ah, yes, I forgot that,” he says dreamily ; “ between working at that and looking after Biddy I’m kept well em- ployed.” “ I expect so,” agreed his friend. “Well, good-bye, old fellow, I’ll look you up in a day or two, and we’ll have another chat.” He left Jack at his work and hunted up the would-be novelist, who is seated with her aunt at the stocking basket. “ Oh ! dear me, Auntie, here’s a tremen- dous hole. You can't in decency expect me to mend that,” and Biddy hold up the stocking for observation. “ Well, dearie,” Miss Fortescue replied, “ Jack couldn’t possibly wear it like that.” “ No-o, I suppose not,” Biddy said dryly,' “ but it seems to me that this sock is what Mr. Pecksniff would call ‘a good and faithful servant,' ” with a ludicrous imitation of Sir Silas Vincent’s bland tones. “ Biddy,” reproved Aunt Hattie, trying hard not to smile, “ haven't I told you re- peatedly I will not have you mocking at one who has been such a kind friend to us all.” “ I don’t care,” replied the girl recklessly as she started the darn with praiseworthy zeal, “ he may be a very good man. I've no doubt he is, but he’s too oily for me. It’s no good looking cross you dear old saint.” Then changing the subject in her usual im- pulsive fashion, she said curiously, “What do you think of Sister Esther, Auntie?” “ I think she is a good woman,” her aunt replies decidedly, “and she reminds me of some one, I can’t think who it is.” “ I fancy the same thing struck her,” Biddy went on shrewdly. “ If ever a woman looked as if she had soon a ghost that woman did. She never took her eyes off you while she was talking to Maisie.” “Nonsense child,” Aunt Hattie said sharply, “ I didn’t pay much heed till she spoke, and then her voice made me drift back to bygone days.” “ She’s got a story of her own I’m sure, Biddy says; “wouldn’t I just like to know it. I’m sure she's a good woman too, not good like my Mr. Pecksniff, who will turn out a veritable Mr. Pecksniff yet.” There was a long pause, after which Aunt Hattie said meditatively, “I know now whom Sister Esther reminded me of. She was the only person who had the same eyes that I know of. She’s dead and for- gotten. Besides she was only a year or two older than me, and this woman’s hair is quite white.” “ Another chance resemblance,” Biddy said laughing ; “ well, Auntie, I've got to 'fess too, as Topsy put it. When Frank met Sir Silas first he couldn’t make out how he seemed to know him. It per- plexed him a good deal and he told me of it. Auntie," the girl lowered her voice as she said gravely, “ I know who it is that Frank had seen like him. It's Ted.” “ Biddy,” ejaculated her aunt, “whatever are you saying ?” “ What I believe to be true,” she per- sisted. “ Frank told me how stupid he was when he met Nesta’s father, and one day Ted lifted his hand up like Sir Silas often does, and it struck me all of heap. Sir Silas's hair would be red only he keeps it oiled. His eyes are brown like Ted’s, and if they were walking together they’d pass for father and son.” “ For goodness sake, child,” her aunt said hurriedly, “ never say such a thing again. Don’t even think it if you can help it. My head is whirling to-night. One thing I must do, even though it be im- pertinent. I must find out who that sister is, and where she came from.” Just then a tap was heard at the door and a pleasant voice asked for admittance. “ Dr. Kilroy,” Biddy exclaimed. “ Come in doctor. Auntie and I have got the dis- mals.” “ Indeed,” replied the visitor. “ Doctor,” said Aunt Hattie abruptly, “ how did you become acquainted with Sister Esther? Who is she ?” “ She was head nurse in a private hospital when I first met her,” he replied slightly surprised. “ Getting tired of it she took to private nursing and nursed Miss Kerr, a wealthy old maid, who died and left her a legacy of twenty thousand pounds. Since then she bought ' The Haven ’ and devotes her life to the poor and afflicted. Many a life has she saved with her moderate means.” The perplexed look on Aunt Hattie’s face deepened as she said, “ I must go and see her.” Suddenly Mickey who had been dozing in Biddy’s lap was thrown to the ground with scant ceremony, a proceeding he re- sented by growling and spitting in his usual amiable fashion, while Biddy with a laughing, “ Poor old Mick, I apologise,” rushed out to the postman. “ Really Biddy is getting unbearable,” her aunt said much annoyed. Allan stared. Sweet tempered Aunt Hattie cross. Wonders will never cease. The girl came flying back in a whirlwind fashion waving a letter triumphantly in the air. “ Sit down at once, miss,” her aunt said severely. “ It would suit you better if you’d try and imitate your sisters a little more. Your boisterous tomboyish would disgrace a Melbourne larrikin. Put the letter down please.” Poor Biddy ! the first rebuke she had ever received from Aunt Hattie and in the presence of her beau ideal, Dr. Kilroy ! She resumed her darning in pained silence, the blood slowly mounting to her brow, and the more conscious she became of it the hotter she grew till two tears slowly trickled on to the stocking. Aunt Hattie with a murmured apology read the letter, grew very pale and handed it to Allan, who pursued it quickly and said, “ It's a bad job.” “ Yes,” said Aunt Hattie hurriedly, “ I must go at once,” and went quickly out. Biddy raised two red eyes from her work with a frightened stare. “ What’s the matter?” she gasped. “Tell me quickly.” “ Some scoundrel tried to burn down Frank’s hay,” Dr. Kilroy said, “ and in preventing him Ted has been shot, and they want Miss Fortescue to go up at once,” “Ted shot!” repeated the girl wildly. Dr. Kilroy I don’t believe there’s a God to let such things happen. He’ll die ! I know he’ll die !” “ Biddy,” said the doctor sternly, “ con- trol yourself at once, and help your aunt to get ready. I’ll see her to the station and she’ll just catch the express.” The lady was soon ready and, thanks to the young, man, managed to catch her train while Biddy stood watching it depart very forlorn and miserable. “ Cheer up, little woman,” her friend said; “ the bullet’s out, so he has a good show and in no time we’ll have him down to the sea.” He watched the little figure vanishing, compassionately, and then hurried off to keep his appointment. CHAPTER XXXIII. THE CORPORAL'S TROUBLES. Wrangling soon changes a home to a hell. “ If you’d please Miss Hattie to give me a drink.” The speaker was Ted and the kind woman’s eyes filled with tears as she held the glass to his lips, and thought what a fierce battle the frail little form had had with death, and how nearly the Grim Terror had conquered. His patience and courage during agonis- ing pain had completely won the heart of kind old Dr. Blackwell, and seldom did he come without some interesting paper or magazine for his grateful patient. Aunt Hattie, industrious as of old, sat sewing by the window, occasionally put- ting aside her work to ply a huge palm-leaf fan, for it was a hot January day, and the air seemed stagnated with the intense heat. The long deferred rain had come with good effect, and the survivors of the flock were nibbling the grass and striving to recuperate their enfeebled bodies. Four weeks had elapsed since that event- ful night and many sleepless hours the inmates of Acland passed in that time. Now Ted was progressing as favorably as could be expected, and was soon to be taken to the seaside. The boy lay back languidly, and presently the Corporal’s voice was heard through the open window in rising tones : “ Come to heel, you ill conditioned cur of all the disobedient mongrels I ever met If it wasn’t that the laddie inside was fond of you, I’d stretch your ugly neck with a lump of stone and pitch you into the river this blessed night.” An ominous growl was the reply to this harangue. Since Ted had been ill the Corporal had officiated as shepherd and while Tim regarded it as a labor of love to help his little master, he objected to being forced to work, and many were the pitched battles the old man and dog had. Tim’s heart was at home and often were his sheep left while he spent his time chasing stray rabbits and hares, utterly regardless of the Corporal’s instructions. Many a thrashing had he attempted to administer, but the dog had a ugly habit of biting the stick, not being sufficiently well trained to submit meekly to punishment. The Corporal had once known a comrade die of hydrophobia and ever since held the canine race in terror, and well did Tim’s sagacity tell him so. The old man nowadays contented him- self by abusing the animal in language more varied than polite. The gate that opened into the garden was fastened by a piece of iron wire over the top, and after his day’s work was done Tim used to rush home at best racing speed and yelp in the plainest of dog language to be let in. The Corporal loved to stand by and deliver his opinion to the dog’s unheeded ears, while he barked with frenzied impatience to get to his beloved master. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 