i. _:-A-8SDNEBY MIRAOLE-.'7-- INRESTIG6AT I. YAREPORTE. T, s lNTERESTNG CASE O M THOMAS ,-JARvIs, WHO sAYS'THAT A FEW WEEKS: S:AO HE :iirWAS OIPPLE -- 'PARTIALLY PARALYZED,. SUFFERING PROM,. Loco- A M :MOTOR'AT XIA, A~ND biEPLESS i;DOCTORS, O B srrOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY 'ONE -SAID HEMUST DIE AS HIS CASE WAS HOPE-H ' LESS. BUTTHEY, WERE MISTAKEN: TO-. . DAT HE IS: NEW MAN,. FULL Op LIFE .i ..AND" ENERGY,'HIS Ci RUTCHES HE HAS 4 THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD ;LIMBS HAVE LIE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURBNED, AND, SIN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUTAND OUT. . SSo much interest has bhen showi by our " readers in. this marvellous case that we- have published the facts: again as they appeared in the "Australian' Workm an" a few weeks ag:- . . -. . . :One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Tlihomas Jarvis, 45 I Orown- lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing. a two-year-old baby, and his- fade declared him to.be .one of the-ha e S-answer the-knoc at : oor. JIn reply to- the preliminary questi said : 'You wint to fihow all abloi&'',t i0i _ m Well, I am glad of an oppditunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are. stricken as I was.' ' How long wereyou suffering ' '.. : Well, twelve months ago Igot so bad that I had to leave off work,. and I have done nothing since then. -About five years ago, next Christmas,' I me with an accident. I -wais badly- scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. .Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island,' . : 'What were the symptoms ? ' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like"as :iEfa'saw were cutting my bodnes in two. in every part of me. I had no cofitrol oveir my ibivls. or bladder, and 'was a nui-i sance to myself and everybody else. I was .incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I sawda well- known doctor, and he told'me my case. as.utterly hopeless. However,.he gave me an order to the'Director of Charitable In stitutions . . : .: -" ' Did you make use of the order ' ' No; I came home and went to bed, aindi Shave heen pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeksiag I:could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could iiot get out of bed., I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a :question of days when I would give up the ghost. VMy doctor was att.nding mne, and did all he could, by opium and niorphia pills. to ease the agony F was in. I was urder him for five or six. weeks. He came to the con clision that f was suffering from locoinotor ataxia, or: progressive locintotor ataxy, a disease -of the spinal cord, chat aeterised liy peculiar disturhances of gait and difficulty.in co-ordifiating voluntaiy movements. He told mne tat i- niitithfast for ten years, and that I mig~t never get the use of my legs. (Jnst ithen the patient kicked- is legs about with energy to show that medicil - opinioin is not infallible.) Well, jiis as a' drowning man will grasp at.a-straw' I grasped at han idea conveyed by, the; advertisement ' describing. the cure effected in the caseof another boilpr; maker ini' Ei?gland, which : I 'read in ithe Ahstrirdian Workan,', bv Di Williamts' Pink Pills for ;Pale People. I read .in the adver tisement of a, case- which seemed to fit my owni. I determihed to give the Pink Pills a trial any.way, arind sent for a box. The 'effect was marvellous as -it was magical. I was ablesto'eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me -;. It was.;the first appe tite and rest I had for mariy a day. It was incredible. I imImndiately left, the bed and was able to. move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past-four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a ,stick, and am gradually, but surely,..recovering my for ,mer vigor and vitaility. You see those! crutches here ? They were made for me be fore I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I' want is this stick, and I hope sodn to do without it. You see I am rapidly' regaining my strength . 'I ..He: is 100 per cent. better,' said 'Mrs Jarvis; who had come in and taken, the baby on her knees. ' Dr Williams' -Pink 'Pills have saved his life, arid made another man of , A friend who called. in at this point, said 'that Jarvis loo ked 'te.iyears younger that day (than he. did a fortnight previously:, ' I can now,' continued Jarvis,' have a ,cold bath, and all the feeling :has come' bak -in iny i legs: ilf Ikeep? o going:the way I am; Ihope to be able ti resume work as a boiler-maker, :and.you;.kpow I have to be in the very pink 'lof-health- andstrenigth'to-wro'rk at that.trade: 'I am btth today thana ffri :tinme'duri- tie past five. yearsI:J ascrbe. all the.change and benefit to, these Pi;Pil Pls. They have saved my life,, I a; m in no pain now, whatever, and: feel like a new man. On i the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia lpills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating- pain.- But they can stay : where they are, for I:: no longer need ,'them-:. Everybody who .knows me' has been i amaz-ed at the: chage-ia mie. ;Tliey cani 1'hardly believe ~their' eye7 My' being able . to .get, about again'has caused quite a sensa tion out here.'' - .: Such is,the remarkable :history, aid con \- firms what is said in. all the chief newspapers !'of 'this"'country :of -'the: astonishing' cures I.wrougiht hy Dr WilliPiti~ k Pills for Pale People. They cure locomiotor rataxy, pa-tiail , paralysis,and spinal 'disease, also' the many Sdiso'fders which arise from an unpoverished state of:th? ilood, suci as anEemnia,; pale and :.sallow complexion, general muscular weak Sin iessiondigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, aiins in the back, neryvous head, &c.; ' . M . -* ^ - .. SThese pills are a noicin iot a purga tive. :They ;aregenuine only with'the full name, Dr SWilliams'! Pink Pillsfir Pale Peaople, anid are so.ldby, chemists. and.,storekeepers generally, or;theiDr Williamis' Medicine Comipany, iQueei's Place, Sydney wilL forwiard on 'receipt f-:ff stminps or. postorder one : box for 2 ,9d, -or: half-dozenfr. 14M 9. 