REMEMBERING THE WIDOW. Mr. King O'Malley delivered one of the best speeches yet listened to from him in the Assembly when moving the second reading of the Testamentary Disposition Bill on Wednes- day afternoon. The chief design of the measure is to direct that when m widow baa not been left at least a third of her husband's estate ahe may apply to the Publio Trustee fox a judge's order granting her a reasonablei pro vision from the property. It is not honeat or just. Mr. O'llaliey argues, to give the husband power because of a deathbed caprice to lea?? bis widow penniless, and be appealed to tho House to release the wife from the control of the palsied band of death. The law guarantee* a wife proper maintenance daring bar husband's lifetime, and why not after death ha asks. He desires to divest dead husbands of living powers and to deliver the living widow from the dictation ot the cold grave. The widows had as much rizht to lite aa the hus bands had ta die. He Acknowledges that many society ladies are prejudiced aigainst the Bill. bat he prefers to rely upon the onhtusurl judgment "of too good and sensible.women.ol Encounter Bay and elsewhere.'' "Only had husbands do as you suggest" interjected M*j Wood, and Jlr. CMalley replied that lawa are made against a few burglars, and be wast* to catch the bad husband who disinherit* his wife and ."leaves his whole ptupaity. aa . a fire insurance on his degraded sou], to some church." He adjured the Hones not to act like "a midnight school of famished Texas prairie dogs, barking at the imaginary ghosts of their *de- . patted ancestors." Ha referred to the delusions under which some tartaton suffered, and Mr. Handyside mis chievously asked "What is a delusion 3" The quick reply was "A delusion is something from which the honorable member is suffering in respect to this Bill.* Then there was a load laugh at Mr. Handyside's expense, the* merriment growing greater when Mr. . O rMailey asked whether all legislators present would not rather shake b"H^* with a Uviag . widow than with her dead husband. Ha paid an eloquent tribute to the character of bia dead wife, who, he said, had been a> partner to him in every sense of the word, and he asked what would be thought of him - if he married a Sooth Australian girl ami tat bis death left her penniless in favor of his friends in America. Finally he announced that the Bill was vary dear to his heart and pleaded with tbe House to take it into, com mittee without delay. Ho was rewarded with cheers when he sat down, and Mr, Hotdat briefly stated that the Government would treat the matter as an open question. He will * support the second reading, although ha wootd - lifco the children considered also, and Mr. |>TiH??pr took a similar view, a? did Mr. .Ham burg, who remarked that though he does not admire Mr. O'JUalley's rhetoric be ?—?u?i— tbe great importance of the Bill, which be con siders, when tho second reading baa been passed, should be referred to a Select Com mittee or Royal Commission, who shall be empowered to report on the whole question of testamentary dispositions. Mr. Hamburg '? obtained leave to talk again on tbe subject aa Wednesday, December 1. ? SUPPRESSION OF GAMBLING. Government business was called on in thl - ' Assembly immediately after dinner on Wednes* day, and tbe Vermin BUI was advanced to iti third reading, woicb was fixed for to-day. He Catt then resumed tha debate an the Gambling Soppreasion Bill, which he supported, although Be regrets that the Totalizator Act is not to be repealed, and he objects to tbe privilege given to the police to enter a suspected place without a warrant. Mr. Kingston rather disconcerted Mr. Catt by offering to pat £1 far him on tht totalizator at the next races, but the kmdwsi was not accepted. Mr. Carpenter voiced tht same views as tbe member for Gladstone and affirmed' that the working men follow' tha vices of the rich. The worker* do not wish to gamble, lib adds, as they generally lose by it. "Tbe. rich rooster take* them down," sympathetically acquiesced Mr. O*Malley, while bis colleague mildly pro ceeded to find fault with the press for publish ing news of big dividends and other lucky wins. "In Parliamentary sweeps for instance,1 * sardonically remarked Mr. Butler. " I began racing at six years old and I am a member of ten clubs now, but it has done me no barm, and I have gained a lot of enjoyment from it," began Mr. Uandjside, who somewhat sarcastically suggested tha> marbles, "penny nap," and sixpenny whist should be sup pressed. Gambling is only wrong when tha man who bets cannot afford to pay he thinks, and he philosophically affirmed that some people deem it wrong to go to a dance but not to walk home from a tea, meeting with their arms round tbe waists of girls. "What an experienced old sinner you are" exclaimed Mr. Homburg. Continuing. Mr. Handyside said Mr. Kingston did not find his mount congenial in this "*?*""??. and that he was only kept going in the straight run at tbe finish by the W.C.T.U. He thought the Bill would have been better left to Mr. Holder, who is speedy on tbe flat and will go at anything reasonable. The purse trick be condemns as a swindle, but he admires th? totalizator, which keeps racing healthy without | attracting big bookmakers from outside. He promises to support certain clauses of tbe Bill in which Mr. Peake recognises the first remit of the entrance of women into politics. H? objects to the monopoly proposed to be given to racing dubs, although be does not admire tha drafting of the Triumvirate, which h? con siders is too much directed at securing- convic tions. There are many thinly disguised "purse tricks" spread about Mr. Peak* asserts, and a lesson now and then does ? man good. Mr. Scberk said ha was suffering from neuralgia, but he boped it would bu bettrr long before this measure panes in ha present form. He agrees that juvenile betting should be put down, and that gambling shops should be suppressed, but be urged the Go vernment to lieecse a few totalizator agents. Mr. Gilbert spoke earnestly and with rugged eloqnence against the totalizator .which, be showed by history, was the real backbone of the betting system. When tbe Act waa re pealed before, he said, tbe people who pretended to love racing bad not tho. manliness and generosity to support the sport with tha - betting eliminated. Mr. McDonald urged that as tbe churches asked for this legislation aome thJDff should be done to stop raffles at *??—?. while Mr. Wood complained that tbe measure is unjust and unequal, as it prevents themanea from betting, while it offers immunity to tha rich. Mr. Moody said he often talked about gambling with his grandfather, who was bom' 139 yeaia ago, and so could give reliable testimony that there was much less (faming in the world now than existed earlier in the century. Ma Csldwell secured the adjournment oi the de bate SOI to-day, and at VLS pms. the Horn* rose. The absentees were Means. Griffiths. Granger, sod MePhenon, QUARANTINE BESUIiATIO?S. The Chief Secretary farexnfed t? tb? Cental Board of ibaltli at ita aeetniro* \ if West Australia stating that 33 passengers, aonx the eastern colonies by the R.M.S. Deeana had been quarantined owing to an ont xealc of scarlatina, on board on the day of irrivat, and enquiring whether the same action ?ovid have been taken in this colony under similar circumstances. Dr. Whittell stated, that tha Chiei Secretary had been informed that quarantine waa not exer-! cised for scarlatina in this colony. Under: the Quarantine Act the Governor might mate f snch orders as were deemed expedient with respect to anj vessel arriving and having any infectious or contagious 'disease on board. Scarlatina being almost always! prevalent in some parts of this colony; it had not been considered expedientj to quarantine a ship bringing a case of this > disease to South Australia. While the board wassittinK a> telegram was received from Dr. 3*. H. Xovegrove, principal medical officer at Perth,enquiring "Howlong laid since yon abandoned quarantine for scarlet fever, also j do you continue land quarantine in regard to I itr The) secretary was directed to reply that m^r*nf? quarantine had never been enforced for scarlet fever in thiscolony, and that hither to land Quarantine had not been practised in the case of scazletfaver, but that the Governor might proclaim and take precautions. 