The ©rigin of 'Christmas Annuals. Some authorities now argue that . the '''Christmas Carol'',was the real founda tion of the Annual. If so, it is curious itttrrtote that the edltio prlnceps appeared Jnra little volume -vpry much ,ln the small :itaepIs'ake'.form. ' ' '.' ? ' , ?'/ Slater thus describes it : — published not in red but in Drown cioui -viin-(jiiv «dges,' gilt' design, and:green end papers.;' 'On page 1 the head, words read, ' Stave 1.'- - The words. ' Stave 1' indicate a laVer'issue, no matter how the book may b.-s'b'burid.-. , : ... . ? ' It Is also, perhaps, amusing : to note that the market price of the first edition of the -'.Christmas Carol!.' runs from £3 10s. upwards: . : Let it be known,- however, that, des pite its world-wide popularity, the au thor regarded the'Carol ris more or less a 'commercial failure (sic). He writes : — ? '?' I. found -the Carol accounts waiting for me, and -they, were the cause of It (ill ness).- The first COOO copies show a profit of £230, and the last four will yield as much more. I had set my heart and soul on a thousand clear.' It Is evident from the character of the preface that Dickens counted on, .what might be called a general circulation, for he says ' I have endeavoured In this ghostly little book to raise the ghost of an idea. .which shall not put my readers out of humour with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. M'ay It haunt their houses pleasantly, and no one wish to lay it.' Neither ' The Carol,' ' The Chimes,' ' The Cricket on the Hearth,' ' The Battle of Life,' nor 'The Haunted Man ' fulfilled in any way the expectations of the writer. 'The truth was,' writes the biographer of Dickens, ' as to :a.ll the Christmas stories issued In this form, that the price charged was too large, for the public addressed by them was too little to remunerate their outlay'; and when In later years he put forth similar fancies for Christmas, charging for them fewer pence than the shillings charged for these, he counted his ? purchasers — with fairly corresponding gains to him self— not. by tens but by hundreds of thousands.' — ' Windsor Magazine.'' ? 1 ? 