THE ORGANIC UNION OF CHRISTENDOM. fBy Jons Black nr.] We live ui a Utopian age—an ago of ideals. In tuo social world private enterprise is to l>e no more. All instruments of production are to be brought under State control. Competi tion is to lie swept away. Men are to no longer to work for masters or-for their own special benefit. All are to work under the direction of a nebulous something called the State, and the interest of the unit is to be merged in the interest of the whole. No man is to own a piece of land. Tlio State is to become possessor of the soil in a less honourable way than Joseph bought up the land of Egypt. A social millennium is to set in. Every man* is to have enough and a little to spare, and there will be no waut uor complaining it; our streets. As Henry George says, in describing his Utopia—" Lot imagination fill out the picture." The oeolcsiastical world is astir. Lord Hali fax, President jjf the English Church Onion, has made certain overtures to Rome. The Roman Pontiff lias issued a prayer to English Roman Catholics for the reunion of the Augli «ftii Church with'the Church of Eomc. _ Pco-! fosale are on foot lor tho organic union of | lethodism- _ In America a committee of] Nonconformist ministers has laid various union proposals before the Protestant Cb urches; of the United States. In doing so they have in view—"Tho ultimate organic union of tho . whole visible.body of Christ.3' Just as "Stated ownership of all the instruments of produc duction" is the great socialistic ideal, so tho "Organic Union of Christendom" is the great, ecclesiastical ideal. There is something fascinating about so big , an order as the " Organic Union" of Christen ! doin." It is so in oonnectiou with all great (ideals. Take, for example, the " New Aus ] tralia" movement. The soul becomes intoxi cated with the glamour of a thing, and there is a danger of sentiment running away with judgment. It is so_ in connection with State ! Socialism, and what is true of State Socialism i is true of tho "Organio Union of Christen dom/' Idealism is largely born of sentimontalism, and an idealistic age will bo a sentimental one. Tho present is such. We are to bs accommo dating—to display a charitable spirit. " Com promise" is the order of tlio day. In order to the organic union of Methodism tliore must be compromise. To bring the Human and Anglicau Churches together there must be compromise. To wold the whole of Christcn j dom into one uniform visible corporationthero ' jiiiut be compromise. We may ask in passing whether permanent unions can bo built on compromises"' Are tlioy uot suggestive of tho old couplet— A man convinced agains', his will Is of the same opinion still? It is conviction that both the Church and the world want, uot compromise. Lot ustakocaro that chanty is not another word for pusillanimity. We have all read of thetnau of tender heart who pnt the half frozen snake into his bosom. It is possible for us to bo too tender, too easy, too accom modating. In order to realize the sociological ideal there is to be a levelling down. The liberty of the individual is to bo sunk, and tho State (which practically means those ad ministering the affairs of the State) is to ho autocratic. There is a similar danger in tho realization of the ecclesiastical ideal. In its interest we arc to renounce our personal con | victions. We aro to give up liberties that our fathers secured by the shedding of their blood. Already the lcwelling-down process has begun. There are some within tho pale of the Re formed Ohureb who apparent^' regard the Reformation.^ at least a partial mistake. thi'.ke pi vision's. Christendom may be represented by three great Churches—the Greek, tho Roman, and the Reformed. By tho Reformed Church we mean all bodios of Christians who have re nounced doctrines and practices of the Greek and Raman Communions that have no founda tion in the Word of God. The Reformed Church takes the lJibio as the one foundation of her faith and final Court of Appeal. THE GHEKK A NO HOMAX CHIJI'.CJIES. The cleavage between these Churches is a very auciout one. From tho beginning there was a distinction between the two, but not a division, Tho Church universal was known as tlio-JBistern and Western, or Greek and Latin Churches. The ultimate division was tho growth of many years, and was brought about by ft variety of causes. When Con stantino the Great transferred the seat of government from Rome to Constantinople [ prestige was givon to tiio Bishops of the two I cities. The Bishop of Rome occupiod.a. unique j position through the absence of Oscsar. lie | became tbo chief man of tho capital. Tho ; Bishop of Constantinople occupied a unique i position through the presence of Caesar. The ' two bishops became pitted against each other. Mutual jealousies sprang up between them. An instance occurred at tho Council of Ghalc.edon, A.D. 4b], It was declared that tho Bishop of Constantinople should have equal rights with the Bishop of Rome. Tho Roman Roil tiff entered his protest, and un successfully claimed sola supremacy. In these mutual jealousies we may see tho thin end of tho wedge that finally led, with some doctrinal differences, to a total rupture batweon tho Eastern nud Western Churches. This took place in the ninth century. Tim Bishop of Ronio excom municated tiio Patriarch of Constantinople, and the latter replied by excommunicating the Bishop -of Rome. In the direction of reunion several abortive attempts have been made. The Greek Church regards the I'ope ! as an anti-Christian usurper, and tho Roman Church regards tho Patriarch of Constau'i ! noplo as a schismatic. Doctrinally the two | Churches have muoh in eommom No two I Churches aro mora alike. Yet the feeling between tbe two is so intense that in the Church of tho Nativity, at Botblchem, a Mohammedan soldier lias to he stationed to keep the Greek and Roman monks from . fightiug. j THE HEtfOKMEO OHOKCH IN COKTHAST TO THE I <:I1EK1C_ AND HOMAN. I Amongst other things, the Reformed Church differs from tho Greek and Roman over the question of tradition. The Church of Rome bolls that in addition to the New Testament ' Cinon ,n body of tradition has been handed | down from the Apostolic age. It is put on a par with tho Canonical writings. Tho teaching of the Reformed Church is that " Holy Scripture contained! ail things necassarv to salvation, so that who-.oeve, is uot read therein, nor may ha proved thereby, is not to bo required of any mar., that it | should be balieved as an article of faith, or be j thought requisite or necessary to salvation. ' This effectually closes the door against many doctrines and practices, in both tiio Greek and I Roman Com ituaions, that have no foundation in the New Testament. Tho Reformed Church differs from the Greek and Roman Churches as to liberty of ! thought, or tho right of private judgment. The Greek Church has not prohibited the reading of the Scriptures in the vernacular, * hut the traditions of tin Church are against the right of privato judgment. The Roman Chnrcli has prohibited the reading of the ! Bible hy the laity except under special con ditions. It will"be seen that the organic union of [ Christendom means doctrinal changes on many I i minor paints, and a revolution in the policy. j j polity, and nracticoof tiio Greek, Roman, aud Reformed Churches. Pfesiiig over the questions as to whether I such oiganio union is probable or desirable ■ | we ask— is IT NEOESSAIlV? ! What advantage would result from it? This we fail to perceive. The theory of the Roman ! and of a section of the Reformed Church : seems to be that the Church should be one j in ah exteunaI. sense; that there should lie ! one mode of warship, one cod of ecclesiastical law. one method of government, aud one visible hierarchy, acknowledging and obeying ; one supremo visible head. In a word, the j Churoh is to bo a vast corporation. This mechanical conception is supposed to comport I with a Now Testament ideal. A Roman ! Catholic theologian defines the Church as "embracing a visible head, visible men, an external profession of faith, sensible sacra ments, and-a visible hierarchy." WeaSirmtbat if it were the will of God - that the CiiurchaliDUld be one in a aioobaiiioat •■aease, observing the same mode of worship .govornedby the same Jaw, under the domi nation of one supremo visible head, such would have been a matter of revelation. What ace the facte of the case! We search tho pages of the New Testament iu vain for shy such conception. Tunas is no rona or euunoii oovebnmest i.ahi DOWN IN 1'HB PAUite OP TUN MSW TESTAMENT. The constitution of the early Church, hliQ the political constuution of a country, was a growth. it was an evolution from the einipio to the mow complex, it was the outcome of adaptation to circumstances. OireumsUnooa vary, so must ecclesiastical and poutnlhl insti tutions. i'or any body of men to mark out an a priori constitution to winch the ideas and practices of men in all ages were to _ conform would lie, in the last degree,' irrational. It would lie like ail attempt to iotter the ocean, or to imprison the Jighthing, We do not believe that the spirit of God wouid aist in so mechanical a manner, in mere externals Goo allows room lor the play of individuality and changing ci re n in stances. it is so in the natural world, in every species, whether of animal or vegetable iifo, there is unity, but unity that is consistent with continuous variety, in the uia.omi organism, whether it be plant or animal, Gou allows room for tho play ot individuality, and a changing eu-. vironment. It is on this basis mat Uarwin has buiit his theory ot evolution. lieuson ub amies tuat wiiat is true of tne natural world will be true ot the spiritual world. Wnafc reason assumes, divine revelation prove§. (Geo I Gor. xiii. 1—31.) We carry our analogy further. In the natural world, whilst tho organism Granges in harmony with a ciiaiigiug environment, the file, that is the cause of organization, is uuchaugeaole. It is so in tho spiritual world. Tne ecclesiastical organism, through wiiioh the trutn is transmitted, ia changeable, it adapts itself to ckaugmg cir cumstances, but the truth itself, as revealed in the Scriptures, is tno same lrum ago to age. (1 Oor. mii.. 4.0.) , _ Tiie rise and progress of Yv eskyan .ueuiod isro illustrates the growth of Cuurcli organiza tions. 'The eariy Guurcii was started oil its soul-saving mission by a mighty outpouring of tho Holy Mpii'H ; no was the Wesieyau alcfuio dist Church. The early Oiiureh, us the years roiled by. -adapted its polity to changing cir cumstance:,; so did tiie H usloyau jUeiUodist G/iurch. Tne present polity ot tho Weslcyan Metiiodist Onureu is not tho outcome of sumo a priori uxitueiu the pages of the .New Testa ment (there is no such n.'.tuie;; it is largely tiie result of changing eiretimstaaet-s, ami an etfortoii the part ot wise men to adapt their pontv to those circumstances. It inusj be so. Where there is luo there may be adaptation. This is as true ot tho spiritual world as it is true ot the natural world. Where there is no lite there will be rigid uniformity, A painted flower is tiie same lrum age to age, but not a living one. . . . We louic in vain m tho pages of tho New Testament for the ecclesiastical idea that some lioid h:> dear, viz., that of "a visible hierarchy, unJera visible and supreme human, lioud.J' There is only one Head of tlio Church ro vealed in the. New 'Testameut, and that is an invisible one-—tne uurd desus Gm-ist. (itpli, i.'f7-N-;; Cel. i. 13-15.) Much is sometimes made of a supposed primauv given to fetor; but Petor was never regarded m apostolic times as the head of the Church, i'aul speaks of "James, Peter, and John" as being "pillars" in tiie Church (Gal. ii. 'J), fie gives no primacy to Peter, in the presence oi others Paul gave to Peter a merited reouite. At the Council held in Jeru salem t'i consider the question of cireumcisien, Peter did not occupy tne ioremost place (Acta xv.). 'The appeal was made, not to Peter, but to all the Apustiis. James was evidently first among equals. His decision was accepted by tiie Gouueii. Tim decree to tbe Gentiles )vm not sent ill the name ot Peter. " Tiie Apostles, - eiders, and brethren soud greeting," <ku. (Acts, xv. 2.5). i'eter acted under orders—"Now when 'the Apostles which wore at Jerusalem heard that .Samaria had received tho Word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John" (Acts viii. 14). There is not the ghost of a proof in tne New Testament that- Peter was tho visible head of the Giiurch. The earliest piece of Oiiristuin literature that has come duwn to us eoutaius no reference to Peter's supposed primacy. We refer to the letter written by Clement, Bishop of Home ia.ii. 'J7), to the Christian Church at Corinth. Tuat letter dealt with Church discipline. If Peter had any special authority—if lie lutji ever been head of the Church, or had pre sided over the Church at Homo—certainly a liouian Bishop ot tiie iirsl century, on such a subject as Church discipline, would have quoted hint. The only re.erciice to Peter in Clement s epistle is to ins martyrdom. 'Tiie tinman Bishop of die tirst century, ail immediate successor ot the Apostles, speaks in more glowing terms of Paul loan of Peter, lie says:—" Peter, through un ri 'htoous envy, endured not one or two but numerous labours; and when he at last bu lie red martyrdom, departed to the place of glory due to him. . . . Paul also obtained tbo reward of patient endurance, after being seven times thrown into captivity, compelled to flee, ami stoned. After preaoh iu-' both iu the oa„t and the west, he gamed the illustrious reputation due to his fuitli, having taught righteousness to the whulo wUi'ld° and come to tho extreme limit-of tho west,' and suilcrcd marty rdom under tho prefects. Thus was he removed from the world, and went into the holy place, having proved himself a strikiug example of '".Aster as the visibility of the early Church is concerned, it was more democratic than autocratic. 1 do mot say that it was democratic in the modern sense of the word. "Not that we have lordsiup over j our faith, butaro helpers of your joy" (2 Corinthians i. 21) was tiie note of tho apostolic Church. Tho polity of tho aposto.ic Ci.urch was evidently of a very simple character. Tliis ,is very evident from J ustia's Apology to the Roman limperor Aa toniuus Pius (a.d. 13S—101). . ( Tq 6c concluded next iced'.) 