A Wonderful Woman ; OR, THE DAKGERFiELD JSYSTERY, » :o:— By MES MAY AGNES FLEMING. .Author of " Wod, Yet No "Wife," "Norine," "Barontfc's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) "Sit down," he said, impatiently shift ing away from her glance, "and don't stare in that way, child. I don't sup pose it's anything to be alarmed about, only— I think I ought to tell. You're going to be marned, and you ougai. -o know. Then the burden and the secrecy will be off my conscience, and you can tell him or not, as you please. That i will be your affair, and, if he deserts you " He stopped again, again pressed his band hard over his forehead, , as though the thread of Ids ideas had broken. "There is something queer the matter with my head." he half mut tered; "I dor.'t seem able to talk or think somehow to-night." "Then I wouldn't try, papa," Cathe rine interrupted, more and more alarmed; "you are looking dreadfully. Lc-t me ring for Francois to see you, and send for the doctor. I am sure you are not fit to he up." "No, no — don't send — at leasfTnot yet. I have made up my mind to-night, and, if I don't tell you now, I may never summon courage again. You ought. to know, child — you ought to know. You are not safe for an hour. It is like living over a lighted mine nnti: that wonvir. is dead. You ought to tel! him —that fellow — Dantrec, you know. If he deseris you, as I said, better to do it: before the wedding-day than after. I know it is the money ho wants; I know he's a coward, and a humbug, and a triune- hunter, and it may. be the g'"C: t rot mercy for you, child, if he does len.e you before tile wedding-day." Kathorbv- started to her feet. "r'3pa," she ermd, passionately, "this is too bad — too cruel! I though" you were never going to speak against Gas- tor again ; you told 1110 yen would not. Surely he- has done nothing to deserve it. This de y week is my wedding-day, and yov talk of his deserting me. Papa, if sue? a 'e.ing happened — nould happen— I would (till myself — I tell you I would! I would never survive such disgrace!" lie snnk into a chair in a dazed, help less suit of way. '"fl hat shall I do ?" he ssid, wearily; "what shau 1 do ? If I had only t 'd. her y.;ars and years ago! Now it is too late!" j'he stood and looked at him, pale woi- jo-r and vague alarm. "Told n, what ? Is it the secret that lira Vavasor holds ? Why net tell hie, then ? Whatever it is, I can bear it; T can boar anything except your hard words of Gaston — your talk of bis deserting me. T>.'1 me, my father; I'm hot a child or a coward. I can bear it, Whatever it Yo-j think so, but you don't know; Vou don't know! You hate that woman, and you are so proud, so proud. You cannot bear poverty, you told me that; and t w:iat can x do ? I cannot save you from- — Bis incoherent words died away; his .'fao fell back. Katherine sprang' to ins eid- with a scream of terror. An- otaer instant and she flew to the bell, ng ng a peal that nearly tore it down. x". Yhat waB this ? inr grown purple, bis whole « f1. t 'jn'. ; what he had feared so long ' oefa"fn at last. He was stricken with apoplexy. J"?® roo>" 'filled with frightened ser- rinn- Jrner the filst shock, all Kathe- Sr,nJ, ®s« came back. She ds- man at oriCe to Castieford for "Vevoa VyJ0ct0 slr John was con- bed- undressed, and all the Plied 7SH. tll6y k,lew how to use ap- of thn Ju . va3n- With the dawning Boldic- n ttmas the stalwart old tarout-i„ay e them, breathing ster- Tw-i £nd quIte senseless, your-.-"!, (3'"ayea and his assistant, a once nrnt-an' j tis" arrlvod, and at sent the ;TCd t.he 51t aP0P3exy. They shinintr tfal-i gl1 ir! ttle estaJ dress, the out of the and the. wild, wide eyes, «is \nd did lhelr hast for ' — — f thaL grand old house. 1 Kommcoced publication February Zt.f Bui they labored iri vain; the long hours wore away, and sfjllj Sir John lay rigid and senseless,, where \bey at first laid him. f- White as a spirit, almost as cold, al most as still, KfbtherVgjjvant up to her room. She made no/attempt to change her dress, to reinbyltfcn-'jewels. She had loved this moat' jftrUrfgent father very dearly — the possibility that he could be taken from her had never occurred to her. Only yesterday morning he had ridden with her over the downs, only last night he had sat at the head of his table and entertained his guests. And now — lie lay yonder, stark and lifeless- dead already, for what she knew. She could not rest. She left her room, and paced up and down the long cor ridor. He was not dead — she could hear his loud breathing where she walked. She could not cry ; tears, that relieve other women, other girls of her age, rarely came to Katlierine. She felt cold and wretched. How drearily still the great house was! Would -those two doctors never open that door and let her in to her father! What had he been trying I to tell her?— what dreadful secret was ithis that involved -lier life, and which made his so miserable? He had talked of Gast-m deserting her. The wedding must be postponed now, and postponed j weddings were always ominous. How was it all going to end? ! She shivered in her low-necked and short- sleeved dress, but it never occur- ; red to her to go for a wrap. She stood i and looked out of the oriel window once j more. Morning was breaking — Christ mas morr.ing— red and golden, and 1 glorious in the east. The first pink rays . of the sunrise glinted through the leaf less trees, over terrace ana glade, lawn and woodland. Outside the gates the carol singers were blithely chanting al ready; new life— new joy everywhere without; and within, the lord of this stately mansion, of this majestic park, lay lying, it might be. But it was not death. The door open ed. presently, and the pale, keen face of Mr Otis, Urn assistant, looked out. "Sir John has recovered conscious ness, Miss Dangc- rfield," he said, "and is asking for you." "Thank Heaven!" ICatherine's heart responded, but the dreary oppression did not lift. She went into the sick room, knelt down beside the bed In her shining robes, and softly kissed the helpless hand. "You are better, papa?" But Doctor Graves interrupted at once, "You may remain with Sir John, Miss Dangerfield: but neither of you must speak a word. Danger is over for the present, but I warn you the slightest excitement row or at any future time may prove fatal." The eyes of the stricken man were fix ed upon her with a strange, earnest willfulness. He tried feebly to speak— his fingers closed almost convulsively over iiors. She bent her ear to catch his words. "Send for Hammersly— I must make my wili." She kissed him soothingly. "Yes. papa, darling; but not now. There's 110 hurry, you k now- -all present danger is over. You are to be very stiil, and go to sleep. I will stay by you and watch." "You will driuk this, Sir John," Dr. Graves said, authoritatively, and the sick man swallowed the opiate, and, with his hand still clasped in Kathe- rlne's, fell asleep. Dr. Graves departed. Mr Otis remain ed";" T-Tatherin-:- kept her vigil by the bed side, very pale in the sunlight of the new day. Mr Otia watched her furtively from his remote seat. Hers was a strik ing face, he thought, a powerful face— a face full of character. \- "That girl will be no common woman," he thought; "for good or for evil, she's destined to wield a powerful influence. You don't see su-h a fad® as tlia- lllany times iu life." The weary moments wore on. The Christmas morning grew brighter and brighter. The house was still very quiet. Outside the wintry sunshine sparkled, and the trees rattled in the frosty wind. The pale watcher lay back in her chair, paler with every passing moment, hut never offering to stir. How white she was, how weary she looked. The young doctor's heart went out to her in a great compassion. "Miss Dangerfield, pardon me, but you are worn out. There is no danger now, and you may safely trust Sir John to my care.Pray let me prevail upon you to go and lie down." She opened her eyes, and looked at him in some surprise, and with a faint smile. "You are very kind," she said, gently, "but I promised to stay here till he awoke." There was nothing more to be said- Miss Dangerfleld's tone admitted of no dispute. Mr Otis went back to his seat, and listened to the ticking of the clock, and the sighing of the December wind. It was almost noon when Sir John awoke — much better and quite con scious. His daughter had never stirred. She bent over him the instant his eyes opened. "Papa, dear, you are better?" "You are here still, Kathie?" he said feebly. "Have you never been to bed at all?" "No, Sir John," Mr Otis interrupted, coming forward: "and I must beg of you to use your influence to send her there. Her long vigil has quite worn her out, but she would not leave you." She stooped and kissed him. "I will go now, papa Mr Otis and Mrs Harrison will stay with you. I do . feel a little tired, I admit." Sir John's attack seemed but slight, after all. He kept his bed all next day, but on the third was aide to sit up. "And I don't see any necessity for postponing our wedding. Katherine," Mr Gaston Dantree said, "since by New Year's Eve Sir Jo'hn will be almost com pletely restored." "But he will not be able to drive to the church with me, Gaston," Katherine argued. "Dr Graves will not permit I him to leave the house for a fortnight, I and, besides, the excitement." I "Katherine," her lover interrupted, decidedly, "I will not have our marriage postponed — the most unlucky thing con ceivable. If Sir John is not able to go to church at Castieford and give you away, why, let us obtain a special license, and have the ceremony here in the house. If the mountain can't come to Mahomet, why, Mahomet can go to the mountain. A wedding in the house would he a vast deal pleasanter to my mind than in pub lic at Castieford, with all the people of the parish agape at the bride and groom, and all Castieford barracks j clanking their spurred heels and steel scabbards up the aisles, putting us out of countenance." Katherine laughed. "My dear, bashful Gaston, the first time I ever dreamed that anything earthly could put you out of counten ance! Well, I'll ask papa, and it shall be as he says." Miss Dangerfield did ask papa, and, rather to her surprise, received an al most eager assent. "Yes, yes," he said, feverishly. "Dan- tree's right— a postponed marriage is the most unlucky thing on earth. We won't postpone it. Let a special license be obtained from the archbishop, and let it be in the house, as Dantree sug gests. since my driving with you to church is an Impossibility. Since it must be done, 'twere well it were done quick ly. Let the summer drawing-room be fitted up, and let the ceremony be per formed there." Mr Peter Dangerfield had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since his un cle's illness — no nephew more devoted, more anxious than he. The baronet lis tened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cyni cal smile. "If I were dead there would be no one between him and the title— you under stand. I have no doubt Peter is anxi ous that—I shouid never recover." "Something's happened to Pete, papa," answered Kathc- rlne thoughtfully. "He's got quite a new way of talking and car rying himself of late. He looks as if some great good fortune had befallen him. Now, what do you suppose it can be? "Great good fortune," Sir John re peated, with rather startled face. "I think you must be mistaken. Kather ine. I wonder," very slowly this, "if— if jie has been in communication with Mrs Vavasor since her departure." For Mrs Vavasor's presence in Castie- ford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never ventured abroad by day, and had as sumed an alias. She and Mr Danger- field kept tryst in the evenings. In lone ly lanes and deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. But three days now to the wedding- day, and those three flew apace. It had been arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to be performed at Scarswood, it should also take place in the evening, to be followed, in the good old-fashioned was', by a sup per and a ball, and the bridal party start next day for the Continent The hour was fixed for seven, and half -the county invited. Sir John's progress towards strength was very slow. Some secret anxiety seemed preying on his mind and keeping him back. He watched his Idolised darl ing flying up and down stairs, dashing, bright as the sunshine itself, in and out of the room, singing like a skylark In her perfect biiss, and he shrank from the sight as though it gave him positive pain. "How can I tell her," he thought; "how can I ever tell her! And yet I ought — I ought." Once or twice he feebly made the at tempt, but Katherine put him down im- mediaiteiy in her decided way. "Not a word now, papa—I won't have It. I don't want to hear any nasty, an noying secrets two days before my wed ding, and have my peace of mind dis turbed in this way. If I've got to hear this disagreeable thing, let me wait un til the honeymoon Is over— Gaston will help me bear it then. You tried to tell me on Christmas Eve, and brought on a fit of apoplexy; and now, contrary to all medical commands, you want to be gin over again , and bring on another. But.J'm mistress of the situation ait pre sent, and I won't listen; so set your mind at rest, and don't wear that gloomy countenance on - the eve of your only daughter's marriage." He was too feeble to resist. He held her to him a moment, and looked into the happy young face with a weary sigh. 1 "I suppose few fathers look very joy- I ous on the eve of an only daughter's I marriage, and I have greater reason j than you dream of to look gloomy. But I let it be as you say— let us postpone the , evil hour as long as we can." j The last day came — the day before New Year's Eve. The bride-elect bad been busier even than usual all day. Dantree dined and spent the evening there alone. They were both very grave, very quiet; that long, peaceful evening, the last of her' youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture, as she saw it then, haunted her to her dying hour — the big, lamp-lit drawingroom— her father's quiet figure lying back in his easy chair before the fire— her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestl ing in an easy-chair, listening to the music and his whispered words — the "sweet nothings" of courtship. She fol- lowed him out Into the grand portico en trance of the house -to .say good-bye for the last time. The JfcolS,, white moon sailed up the azure, tlte-Starswere num berless, the trees cast loqgjlback sha dows in the ivory l»t. TJiebight air sighed faintly in t ha,; woodland; some thing in the still, solemn beaut#, of the dying night filled the gfjTs hedjtiwlth a sense almost of pain.--. /fe'j "The sun will shine to-morroty'," Gas ton whispered; "and'Jbiesiedfedhe bride that the sun shines on.'""G'OTMi night, my darling, for the last time." He held her in his arms a moment— for the last time. The last time! And no foreboding of all that was so near at hand came to her as she stood there. The promise of the night did not hold good. Mr Dantree's prediction as to the sunshine was not destined to be fulfilled. The last day of the year dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast. A long lamentable blast soughed up from the sea, the low- lying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. "We're going to have a storm," Sir John remarked; "our guests must reach us through a tempest this afternoon." The storm broke at noon — rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She. usually the least nerv ous and superstitious 01 all human be ings, felt little cold chills creeping over her, as she hearkened to Its wintry howls. "It sounds like the cry of a banshee," she said, with a shudder, to Edith Tal- bot. "Such a wild, black, sleety, wret« ched winter day! And last night there t was not a cloud in the sky! Edith, do you believe in omens?" "I believe this is a disagreeable day, as It is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose Mr Dantree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain, or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so restless and fidgety, Kathie or you'U make me as nervous as yourself." The short, dark, winter afternoon drag ged on. With the coming of the night the storm seemed to increase. The roar of the winds deepened, the dull thunder n f iliA curf a« ftio voopViofl the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. "An awful day for a wedding," eVetf the servants whispered. "No wonder poor Miss Katherine looks like a ghost." She was pale beyond all the ordinary, pallor of bridehood — strangely restless, strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted up; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been midsummer; warmth and luxury, everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dying year. Under the hands of her maid, Katherine sat pas sive to all changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, every dash of frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning words of Iter old nurse: "False as fair! False as fair." : Six o'clock. The rector of Castieford and his curate had arrived. Half-past six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests; the roll of carriages could be»heard through the tumult of the storm. "I wonder if Gaston has arrived?" Katherine said. It was the first time she had spoken' for half an hour. Her attendant brides maids. five besides Miss Talbot, were all there. The dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls, floating tulle and laces, and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were alone with" the bride. The last touch had been given to the toilet. The robe of dead- white silk swept in its richness far be hind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light- brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a' mist over all. The last jewel was placed, the last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged. She stood before the mirror, fair, pale, pensive— a bride ready for the altar. Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, tel ling the quarters and tne hour, startled them. How the moments flew — how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages was almost incessant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: "I wonder if Gaston has come?" 1 "What a question!" cries Miss Talbot. "A bridegroom late, and that bride groom Mr Dantree, of all men. Of course, he has come, and is waiting in s fever of impatience down stairs! Ninon, run and see." The French girl went, and came flying back breathlessly. "Mademoiselle, how strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. Monseigneur the abbe is ready and waiting— all the guests are assembled, but, mon Dleu, fin bridegroom is late." Miss Talbot looked at her friend. Neither spoke nor moved. The flock of bridesmaids, "a rose-bud garden, of girls," came floating In with their misty, drapery, their soft voices, and subdued laughter. It was seven o'clock, andthe wedding hour. < There was a tap at the door. NinoJf opened it, and old Sir John, white aa ashes, and trembling on his stick, en tered and approached his daughter. f "Katherine, Dantree has not come." 1 "I know it. father- Something haf happened." " » Her voice was quite steady, hut a grc& ashen terror blanched her face. t "Had you not better send to More- cambe?" Edith Talbot interposed. "H«f was auite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived?" "Your brother is here,- Miss Talbot. "And what does he say?" J- "Nothing to the point Before dartf Dantree left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother when starring for, here sent him word, and found his room deserted. Taking it for granted b« Sfy-fc'- wished to be alone, and had left for ''c i '- ' ' Bearswood before him, your brother ?£ »ame over at once. He was astonished «;. when he arrived at not finding him |Plf> ;iere." And then dead silence fell, what did It mean? li-N / Below the guests had gathered In fM- : groups, whispering ominously; in the ||; i ... "bridal chamber" bride and bridesmaids Ife . looked ,at each other's pale faces and till1'"' never spoke. One by one the moments told off. A quarter-past seven, and still l|f C no bridegroom! If; J. Then all at once wheels dashed up to jiff the door— in the entrance hall there was fftjk the sudden busue of an arrival. Kather- t|j toe's heart gave one great bound; and jfjl Edith Talbot, unable to endure the sus- H/lJj pense, unable to look at her friend s ffojl tortured face, turned and ran out of the K room. ffi "Wait," she said. "I will be back in a & moment." ; % 'She flew down the stairs. Some one had arrived— a gentleman — but not Gas- i'i ton Dantree. The newcomer, pale, : breathless, eager, was only Peter Dan- V gerfield. , . 4 But he might bring news— he looked as though he did. She was by his side to a moment, and her hand on his arm. /. "What Is it?" she said. "Has anything ;v' happened to Mr Dantree?" "Yes, Dangerfleld," exclaimed Captain Devere, coming forward. "As second Ei best man I have a right to know. Shor- -% ten the agony, if possible, and out with ? it. What's up? The hour is past, and the bride is waiting. Where is the bridegroom?" CHAPTER XIL — THE TELLING OP THE SECRET. Where was the bridegroom? Gaston Dantree bade good-bye to Katherine Dangerfleld, and rode down that noble . avenue of elms leading to the 0 ponderous gates. His horse's footsteps ; rang clear and sharp through the still, "i frosty air, the silvery mist of moonlight bathed all things in its pale, mystic glow. He paused an instant to look back ere he rode away. What a fair domain It was — what a stately sweep of park, and glade, and woodland — fairer than ever in the pearly light of the December moon. How noble the old house looked, with Its turrets, its peaked gables, its mas sive stack of chimneys. And to-mor row all this would be his— his— he an outcast of the New York streets. . He laughed softly, exultantly, to him self, as be turned and rode swiftly away. "It's better to be born lucky than rich; It's better to he born handsome than |,j lucky. A clear complexion and a set of regular features, a tenor voice, and In sinuating manners, have done more for me than they do fttr most men. They have made my fortune. Half the men and women to the world are fools at best, and don't know how to use the gifts with which nature endows them. X was born In the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted out of charity, turned out for my shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or go to State prison, I' or — become the literary hack of a sport- ; ing paper, ill-paid and ill-used. And now — to-morrow is my wedding-day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston Dantree, I con gratulate you again, and still again. You're one of the very cleverest fellows I ever knew in the whole course of my life." And then, as Mr Dantree rode over the moonlit high road, he astonished belated wayfarers by up lifting his voice to melody, so sweet and clear that even the sleeping nightingales, had there been any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and a fortune, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond to morrow's sunrise. There was only one i „ thorn in all his bed of roses — Marie. "If she should come, after all ! and Satan himself, T believe, can never tell what a woman may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take , one course, and ten to one she takes ! the direct opposite. For Marie de Lan- sac to pursue any man, though he sat on the throne of the Caesars, is the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that ! very reason she may turn up now. If she should appear to-morrow, and for bid the marriage! Such things happen sometimes. Or, if she should turn up a year hence, and proclaim my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a de vilish ugly word!" The shadow of the avenger pursued Mr Dantree into, dreamland. His vi sions this ante-nuptial night were all dark and ominous. He fell asleep, to see the face of the woman he feared, dark and menacing; he awoke, and fell asleep again, to see It pallid and de spairing, wild with woman's utmost woe. ;< He started out of bed at last, at some abnormal hour in the dismal dawn, j iwith . a curse upon his lips. Sleeping or Waking,' the face of Marie de T -ansae £: /taunted him like an avenging ghost. 1 (To be continued.) i; " Didn't Want a Negress.— Miss Rose- < bud (to her 'brother): "What do you | think is thebest' color for a bride, M Jack?" Jack: '--''Ay ell, I don't know !' much aboui/tf/bift for myself I should g.,/6, /prefer a white one." . !,(of the "Volunteers); "It took lev. ifibree.-hours "for our parade to pass a d -'(given point" Mrs Berham: "Was the j?1 , 'Sglven point a bar ?" 