THE CHRISTIAN. By HAL.TJ CAIME, AUTHOR OP "THE MANXMAN." CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) "Oh God! I don't ltnow what I've done to oe so unfortunate. I've not been Hash at all, and I never went to cafes at night, or to Sally s or to Kate's as so many girls do, and be can t Ea> I ever took notice of anybody else. When I love anvbodv I think of him last thing at night and first thing In the morning, and now to ne leit alone— I'm sure I shall never live through it. Glory tried to comfort tho poor broken crea ture. It was her duty to live. There was her child— had she never even seen it since she part ed with it to Mrs. Jupe? It must be such a dar ling by this time, creeping about and talking a little, wherever it was. She ought to have the child to live with her, it would be such com pany, Polly kissed the pug to stop Its whining, and said, "I don't want company. Life isn't the same thing to mo now. Ho thinks because he is mar rying that woman — what better Is she than me I should like to know? She's only snapping at him for what ho is, and lie is only taking her for what she's got, and I've a great mind to go to All Saints' and shame them. You wouldn't? Well, it's bard to hide one's feelings, but it would servo them right If — if I did it." Polly had risen with a wild look, and v/as pressing the pug so hard that It was howling again, hut from other causes. "Did what?" "Nothing . . . that is to say ..." "You mustn't dream of going to the church. The polico "Oh, it isn't the police I'm afraid of," said Polly, tossing her head. "What then?" "Nover mind, my dear," said Polly. On tho way downstairs she reproached herself for not seeing what was coming. "But girls like us never do, now do we?" Glory colored up to her hair, but made no pro test. At tho gate, Polly wiped her eyes and drew down her veil, and said, "I'm sorry to say it to your face, my dear, but it's all been that Mr. Drako's doings, and a girl ought to know he'd do as much himself, and worse. But you're a great woman now, and in everybody's mouth, so you needn't care. Only . . . ." Glory's face was scarlet, and her tinder lip was bleeding, yet she kissed tho poor shallow thing at parting, because she was down, and did not understand, and lived in another world entirely. But going hack to where her letter lay unfinished, oho thought, "Impossible! If this girl, living In an atmosphero so different, thinks that. . ." Then she sat at the table and forced herself to tell all. She had got through the red riot of her confes sion, and was writing, "I don't know what ho would think of it. hut do you know I thought I saw his faco on Wednesday night! It was In the dark, and I was in a cab driving away from the stago door. But so changed; oh, so changed! It might have been a dream, and It was the same as If his ghost had passed mo." Then she became awaro of voices In dispute downstairs. First, a man's voice, then the voices of two men, one of them Koenlg's, the other with a haunting ring in it. She got up from the table and went to the door of her room, going on lip- too, yet hardly knowing why. Koenig was saying, "No, salr, de lady does not Uf here." Then a deep, strong, breast-voice answered, "Mr. Koe nig. surely you remember me?" and Glory's heart seemed to beat liko a watch. "No — o, sair. Aro you — oh, yes — what am I thinking of — but de lady " "Mr. Koenig," Glory called, cried, gasped over the stair rail, "ask the gentleman to come up, please." She hardly knew what happened next, only that Koenig seemed to he muttering confused ex planations below, and that she was back in her sittlngroom, giving a glance Into the looking- glass, and doing something with her hair. Then there was a step on the stairs — on the landing — at the threshold, and she fell hack a few paces from the door that she might see him as he came In." Ho knocked. Her heart was beating so vio lently that she had to keep her hand over It. "Who's there?" "It is I." "Who's I?'.' Then she saw him coming down on her, and tho very sunlight seemed to wave like tho shadows op a ship. He was paler and thinner, his great eyes looked weary though they smiled, his hand felt bony though firm, and his head was closely cropped. She looked at him for a moment without speak ing, and with a sensation of fulness at her heart that was almost choking her. "Is it you. I didn't know it was you . I was just thinking " She was talking at random, and was out of breath, as if she had been run ning. "Glory, I. have frightened you," ho said; and she noticed that his voice was lower than it used to he. "Frightened? Oh, no. .Why should you think so? Perhaps I am crying; hut then I'm always doing that now-a-days. And, besides, you are so " "Yes, I am altered," he said, In a pause that followed. "And I?" "You are altered, too." He was looking at her with an earnest and passionate gaze. It was she— herself— Glory, not merely a vision or a dream. Again he recognised tho glorious eyes, with their' brilliant lashes, and the flashing spot of one of them that had so often set Ills heart heating. She looked hack at him, and thought, "How 111 he must have been," and then a lump came into her throat, and she began to laugh that she might not begin to cry, and broke out into broad Manx lest he should hear tho tremor in her voice. "But you're coming to, aren't ye? And you've left that tlieer aw; it's glad ter'ble I am, as our people say, and it's longln' mortal you'd he for all, hoy." Another trill of nervous laughter, and then a burst of earnest English. "But tell me, you've come for good; you are not going back to " "No, I am not going back to tho Brotherhood, Glory." How friendly his low voice sounded. "Are you?" "Well, I've left the .hospital, you see." "Yes, I see," he said. Ills weary eyes were wandering about the room, and for the first time she felt ashamed of its luxuries and its flowers. "But bow did you find me?" "I went to the hospital first." "So you hadn't forgotten me? Do you know I thought you had quite . . . hut tell me at once, where did you go then?" He was silent for a moment, and she said, "Well?" "Then I went to Mr. Drake's chambers.'' "I don't know why everybody should think that Mr. Drake . . . His great eyes were fixed on her face, and his mouth was quivering, and to provent him from speaking she put on a look of forced gaiety, and said, "But how did you light on me at last?" "I meant to find you, Glory," he said, "If I tramped all London over, and everybody denied you to me" — the lump in her throat was hurting her dreadfully— "hut I chanced to see tho came over tho music hall." She saw it coming, and broke Into laughter, and talked rapidly, frlvously, at random. "The music hall! Only think! You looking at music halls'." "I was tliero on Monday night," ho answered. "You? Monday? Then perhaps It was not my fancy that I saw you by tho stage do . . . ." Her nerves were getting more and more excited, and to calm them she crossed her arms above her head. "So they gave you my address at tho stage, door, did they?" "No, I. wrote for it to Peel." "Peel?" she caught her breath and her arms came down. "Then perhaps you told them where ..." "I. told them nothing Glory." She looked at liim through her eyelashes, her head held down. "Not that It matters, you know. I've just been writing to them, and they'll soon . . . but oh, 1'vo so much to say, nnd I can't say It liore. Couldn't we go somewhere? Into the park, or on to the beach, or further- much further— the room is so small, and I feel as if I've been suffocating for want of air." "I've somethihg to Say, too, and if . . ." "Then lot It ho to-morrow morning, and we'll start early, and you'll bring me back In time for the theatre. Say Pnddington Station at 11. Will that do?" "Yes." Slio saw him to the gate, and when he was going she wanted him to kiss her hand, so she pretend ed to do the high hand-shako, but he only held It for a moment, and looked steadily into her eyes. Tho sunshine was pouring into tho garden, and she was baroheaded. Her hair was coiled up, and she was wearing a light morning blouse. Ho thought she had never looked so beautiful. On getting Into the omnibus nt the end of the street lie took a letter out of his breast pocket, and, be ing alone, he first carried It to his lips, Chen re opened and read 11: — . "Seo her at once, dear John, am! keep In touch with, her, nnd I shall he happy and relioved. As for your father, that old Chaiso Is going crazy, and is sending Lord Storm crazy too. He has ac tually discovered that tho dust tho witch walks on who has cast the evil eye on you lies In front of Glenfaba gato, and he has been sweeping It up o' nights, and scattering it in front of Knockaloel What simplicity! Thero aro only two women hero —does' the silly old gawk mean Raohel? or is it perhaps Aunt Anna?" And while the omnibus joggled down the street, and tho pale young clergyman with the great weary eyes was pouring over his letter, Glory was sitting at lior table ami writing with flying lingers and a look of enthusiastic ecstasy. "I've had three bites at tills cherry, hut who do you think has just been horc? John! John Storm! But tiion you know tliqt ho Is hack, nnd It wasn't merely my fancy that I saw him by the stago door. It seoms ns If people have boon denying me to him, and he bus been waiting far me and watch ing. over. roe — (blot). His voice Is so low, hut I . suppose that comes to people who are much alone, and he 1b so thin and so pale, and his eyes are bo large, and they have that deep look that cuts Into the heart. He knew ho was changed, and I think ho was i ashamed— (blot)— but of course I didn't let whit that I was taking .notice, and I'm so happy for his sake, poor fellow, that he has escaped from his cage in that salvation Zoo, that I know I shall make them split their aides in tho theatre to-night— (blot, blot). How tiresome, .tills ink must havo got water In it somehow, and then my handwriting is such a kop-skip-and-a-jump anyway. But hoots! — Why shouldn't I 'love Johnny, And why shouldn't Joluiny love me? GLORY." (To bo continued.) 