THE SalMON ARMS. ARRIVAL OF COMMANDANT BOOTH. By the goldfields train, which arrived about an hour and-a-half late on Saturday morning, Commandant Booth arrived in Perth. He was accompanied by Brigadier Leigh, Major Saunders (architect to the army), Major Gover, and. Adjutant McMillan (private secretary), and the party were cordially received, at the central station by Major Hendy and the other leading officers now in Perth. The reception was a quiet and private one, though nevertheless marked with the characteristic geniality of -the army In answer to the many enquiries made-of him,-th»'Commandant expressed himself highly pleased with his trip to the fields. He was particularly struck with Kalgoorlie, which has thought-the finest -field he had seen during his extended travels, * Intebvxewwteh-tee Commandant. The Commandant accorded an interview to a representative of this journal at the residence of Major Gover on Saturday evening. To a query as to the immediate purpose of his visit, the Commandant re- plied:" My object in coming to the colony is primarily to inspect the Salvation Army in Western Australia. This is my first visit to the colony, as I naturally had to put off my visit on account of its being the more remote. In connection with my visit I am also making an inspection of 16,000 acres of land which we took up in the Collie district last year, as the outcome of the visit of the General during the previous year. The idea of taking up the land, as you will remember, was that a large central fawn colony for the army might be formed. It will be my object to visit the land and make a comprehensive report upon its capabilities and surroundings, and as to what is best to be done as regards its settlement. I expect to be about ten days upon the land. If we do not decide to establish a large central colony on the land we may establish a smaller one, and in this connection I may say that although the General has not abandoned the idea of the central colony, he leans towards the idea of establishing a number of smaller ones in different parts of the world. I have been studying the circumstances of the colony in a general way also continued the Commandant, with the view to including in my report to the General an account of its circumstances and prospects, and certainly I must say that I have been very much enlightened and impressed by what I have seen. I have visited now very many of the new countries of the world, and what I have seen of this country, and especially the goldfields, has convinced me that there must be a very great future before Western Australia. All that the country wants is population industrious men who will serve on the soil and dig their livelihood out of it, and becomes permanratandprosperouspeasantry. I have brought with me one or two leading officers of the army who are deputed to assist me in prosecuting my enquiries for the purpose of the report to the General "In the course of my visit to the goldfields, where I held two highly successful meetings at Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie, I was greatly impressed with the opportunities of the army on the fields. As a result of my visit I have decided to erect six portable barracks for the fields. These will be erected at the new settlements or rushes, and may be removed should occasion require. I have also sent to Melbourne for the despatch of twelve officers, and I have just received a reply to say that they will leave on Monday. I hope to have one of the new portable barracks ready by the time I return from my visit to the Collis, to exhibit in Perth in connection with the consecration of these 12 officers. We are also going to erect a barracks at the Boulder township, which will accommodate about 200 people." The Commandant then turned to the social work of the army, and outlined the prominent features of the work of that organisation in the establishment of rescue homes, prison gates brigade and. shelters in different paris of Australia. The rescue homes,' he said, had been a wonderful success. The percentage of women whose reformation was achieved through the homes was for the whole of the Salvation Army as high as 76 per cent., and in Australia it was even higher. "It is my intention,'' the Commandant continued, "to establish a small branch of our prison gate brigade at Fremantle, and I purpose asking assistance from the Government-in the matter." In reply to a question as to what measure of financial assistance was given to the army by the Governments of the other Australian colonies,tho-Coniniandant said that Queensland was giving £500 per annum in aid of the rescue and prison gate work; the Acting-Premier of New South Wales, after a recent interview, had written him promis- ing assistance; in Victoria they received, £700 per annum and about £2,000 per annum as a capitation grant for the care of children of the reformatory class in New Zealand £600, and Tasmania £200, while the South Australian Government had"! placed a grant-of £800 on the estimates.' , "These grants are not large," said the, Commandant, "but we make a Id. go as: far as 6d. throughth*nnselfkh4eTotionxif our officers, but for which we would not be able to maintain our social work for 24-, hours. Under these-<àrconatances it is TTOnderMeTrha^^^as^w^owwi^i seven, -France's- - ; A SOLDIERS' MEETING. Yesterday morning Commandant Booth held a meeting of Salvation Army soldiers only, in the Trains Hall. There was a large attendance of army men and officers, the time! being full. The Commandant spoke strongly and earnestly to the soldiers as to their duty in the interests of the army and towards the world at large. He also dwelt at length on the discipline which they should endeavour to maintain in their work and teachings. PUBLIC RECEPTION. In the afternoon of yesterday Commandant Booth was accorded a public welcome to Perth. The function took place in the Town Hall, and was presided over by Mr. B. C. Wood, Mr. A. (There was an enormous crowd of the army and their friends present, the hall seating accommodation being altogether too small. Numbers of people had to stand during the whole meeting, but this did not in any way abate their enthusiasm. The hall was decorated with flags of many nations, and along the railing of the gallery a large banner wa3stretch9d bearing the words, " Welcome to the Commandant." The army band was stationed at the back of the stage, and for some time prior to the appearance of the Commandant discoursed that emotional music peculiar to the Salvationists, which seemed to be thoroughly appreciated by the audience. Besides the army officers on the platform, Mr. J. S. Bennet (Mayor of Leederville) and Dr. Young also had seats there. Just before Commandant Booth came in Major Gover asked the army soldiers to greet him with a "volley," humourously warning those not accustomed to the ways of the army not to be alarmed, as the demonstration would be harmless. When the Commandant did make his bow the necessity of the Major's kindly warning was apparent. The shout- ing-for it got beyond cheering-and the enthusiasm manifested was only second to that which greeted the Commandant's aged father on his visit to the colony in the same hall about eighteen months ago. Commandant Booth is a young man of Jim build and medium height. He possesses a pleasing face, has bright brown eyes, and wears his hair long. He bears no resemblance to his famous father when his features are in repose, but in watching his gesticulations and facial expressions while in the act of driving home his points, one catches a slight likeness. His voice, apparently through over exertion, has an unpleasant rattle, but his style is dramatic and forceful. By long practice he has acquired all the tricks and plea- sentries of platform speaking. Above all he tells a story well and it is not long before he has his hearers in roars of laughter. Mr. Wood, in introducing the Commandant, said he had much pleasure in presiding over such a splendid welcome meeting. It seemed only a few months ago since they had tendered a hearty welcome to the Commandant's venerable father. He was glad to see that the General's scheme for the settlement of some of his people in this colony had not altogether fallen through. It would be presumption on his part to go into any details of the work of the army, but he would like to say that he thoroughly appreciated and valued their work in Perth. In this city the army did not follow at the tail of any other denomination, but led the way. (Cheers.) That was all to the credit of the army. He would not say anything about the other denominations. The representative meeting showed, he thought, that the army had the sympathy of the people of Perth. They all knew that the sympathy of the women was always with good causes, but the demonstration that afternoon showed also that the army had the sympathy of the men. Commandant Booth on coming to the front of the stage was met with round upon round of applause. As soon as he could make his voice heard he said he highly appreciated the very kind words of welcome spoken by the chairman on behalf of the citizens of this rising, enterprising, go ahead metropolis of Western Australia. He took it not only as evidences of good-will towards himself personally, but also as evidences of the kindly feeling abroad in the hearts and minds of the public concerning the present position and future prospects of that World-wide movement the Salvation Army. He was glad to make the acquaintance of the army in Western Australia, for like all other soldiers of that body, he belonged to the Empire that had no frontier lines. He was a follower of Him who called himself the Son of Man. He took that to mean that wherever there was a man with a heart in him, whether he be black or white, brown or yellow, whether born in the Northern or the Southern hemisphere, it was for him that the Son of Man, the Servant of man, the Saviour of man, came to give himself to bleed and die. Thus it was that following the dictate of his blessed Master, he with all true Salvationists, felt with John Wesley that the world was their parish, that their duty was as broad as the surface of the globe. As it was his first visit to the colony, perhaps it would be as well if he were to tell them what manner of man he was. They had a right to know this; to know the reasons for the faith that was in him. Dr regard to the tenets of his faith, he wished to say at the outset that he had a profound and unswerving confidence and faith in God-the Triune God God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Ghost. He did not believe, as some people tried to make out, that this world made itself. They must learn to know God by realising his power, by having him in their hearts. Then his second tenet was that he believed in Jesus Christ. He believed that God had given His only begotten Son to the world, had laid His bleeding, broken, mangled form across the great black, gulf so that the very least of the sons and daughters of man might traverse from the regions of the lost to the abode of the happy and the bright. Thirdly he believed in the Holy Ghost. Then he believed in Australia. He would be a poor Commandant if he did not. He believed also in the Salvation Army. (Cheers.) How could he do otherwise He had been born in it. His father was the father of it, and his mother was the mother of it. (Loud cheers.) The Salvation Army had become to him more than his meat or drink ; more than his wife or children The good fruits of the army justified its existence and the methods if; employed. It was the mightiest organisa- tion the world had produced. (Cheers.) Another reason for his belief in the Army was its pluck to go-ahead of public opinion. He admired tea army for the very reason that others were suspicious of it Take their uniform fog instance. Everybody was horrified when they put the Salvation Army lassies into their bonnets. People said they were rights, but those people never stopped to think that the bonnets of others were as peculiar to the Salvation Army lassies as the bonnets of the army were to others. He gave ahnmorousdescription of the bonnets worn by the up-to-date ladies of the present day and suggested the alteration of the old nursery rhyme to fit, the case which would read as follows- Radestock horse-to Banbury Cross To see anew woman on a high horse, With rings on her fingers third paint on her nose, Balloons on her shoulders and bows on her toes. Lastly, he believed in victory. He was confident that the Army was going to win. He believed in the victory of the powers off light over the powers of darkness. He believed in the victory of love over the influences of selfishness. Courage was another word for victory. All they wanted, the Army, was courage in Jesus Christ. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman and the singing of the Doxology. THE TOWN HALL ON SUNDAY EVENING. The Town Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity last evening, when the third of the meetings was held. Long before seven o'clock, which was the hour for the opening of the meeting, the building began to rapidly fill, and at last numbers who, got no farther than the lobby, left, being unable to obtain admission. This was the first of the services yesterday to which the general public were admitted, and it was very evident there were members of all the Christian Churches in Perth present. Upon the platform were Commandant Booth and his staff, Major ' * Gover, and many other Salvationists, together with several of the leading residents of the city. A hymn having been sung, two officers sang a duet, " Behold me standing at the door," the Commandant, as he did with most of the hymns, playing an accompaniment on the concertina, , upon which instrument, as upon several 38 others, he is a very proficient player. Major Gover then announced the different - meetings for the week, among them being this evening's meeting in the Town Hall - over which Sir Alexander Onslow will pre- side, and at which the Commandant will deliver an address on the social work of the army, and another on Wednesday night in Wesley Hall, when an all night meeting will be conducted by the Commandant. A collection having been taken up Major Hendy, an old-established favourite with Western Australian visitors to Salvationist meetings, gave an address. The Commandant delivered a very striking sermon. Taking for his subject the story of Jacob's fraud upon his parent, his subsequent acquisi- tion of wealth, his journey to Mahanaim, his repentance and deliverance, the Commandant preached on the consequences which follow upon sin, the terrors of remorse, the futility of Pharisaic; denial of wrongdoing, and the necessity of repentance and restitution in order to obtain Divine forgiveness and grace to enable the wrongdoer to lead a. new life. At the conclusion of the Com- . mandant's sermon, Major Gover made an appeal to the unconverted, and a prayer meeting was held, at which a number of persons came forward to the penitent forms 