MASONIC DEMONSTRATION IN FRANCE. — The Paris correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette writes :— ' The annual ' Convent' of the Free masons of France has been held at the Grand unent Mail, and a number of resolutions have been passed that are not without interest, as tbe; servo to illustrate the violent differences in point of principle that exist between English and French Freemasonry. Tho brothers arc invited to encourage as far as possible a Republican movement, which will sweep away the 'present reactionary and clerical Government ;' to demand tho separa tion of the Church and the State; to protest against religious corporations re ceiving reductions of fare from rail way Companies (!); to bring about an increase in the wages of inferior clerks and workmen employed by public offices whoso families are in excess of three children ; to agitate for tbe creation of a Labour Ministry and a Labour Arbitration Council ; to estab lish creches ; and to give professional instruc tion to hospital nurses of both sexes. This manifesto touches the three principal weak points in tho practical application of tho atheistic programme of French Freemasonry. Putting aside the question of disestablishment, and the minor ono of railway passes accorded to clergymen, which seems to rouse Freemason jealousy in a marked degree, there is that of the lay hospital nurses whose Gamplike methods have made the laicisation of the hospitals stink in the nostrils of the whole working population of Paris. Whatever his religion may be, there is not a Frenchman of the lower clas5, having had experience of a modern French hospital, who does not regret tho expulsion of tho sisters from the bedsides of the patients. The obli gatory creation of creches is suggested because since Freemasonry has influenced the popular mind and made war against religious institu tions, the number of legal marriages has vastly declined in France, the illegitimate births have proportionately increased, and the abandon ment of newly from children is a much more frequent practice than it was fat-fore. Tho rest of the programme is purely socialistic, and its interest lies in tho fact that French Free masons should thus have identified themselves with it. The old Radical Party which had Floquet. Clemenceau. Gobiet, and Laguerre at its head, was mainly composed of Free masons, and this manifesto may be looked upon as the dying gasp of a party that has no longer any Parliamentary basis to stand upon.' The Latest Paris Story. — Tho Paris Ctuufois recently published an article, sifcTied by M. Marcel ilutin, iu which the writer aay3 bo loams from a higli ina iuliu- ucial personage, whose name he i3 debarred fr.iin mentioning, thr.t in August. 1503, the relations between France and Great Rritaiu were strained to such a point | iu regard to the Siatnc c question that orders ! tor t!ic mobilization of the British Heet had I already been sucretly pivon. 'The German'. E!!ip:?ror,' contin'.ics M. Uutin, ' was at that j time in Kn^Ianrf attending tho Cowes Regatta. ; His Majesty was dining at the Royal Va'rht j Club when tho Gorman AmSa-.sudor in London | informed him of tho decision of the British j Government to declare war against Franw. j On receipt of this uwa tho Emperor roio I hastily, threw his 3crvicttn on tho table, and I ordered the Ambassador (Count Uatzfcldti to protest against the measure taken by tho G-j varnmont of Lord llossbery. Further, tho Emperor immediately proceeded to Osborne. where he m.vJe representations to the Queen on tho su'ojjct, informing IKt Majesty that he could not ajrroo to Great Britain taking acft^reosivc action against France on the sub ject of Siam. Wo owe no ijratituto to the Emperor William,' added M. Uutin's infor mant, ' for this intervention. He acted in the interest of his country, of his navy, and of tho colonial and commercial oxpausion of Ger many.' Gehman- Trade with India axd the Colonies.— The Imperial Statistical Oflicn in Berlin ha* just published a detailed account of the commercial relations of Germany to foreign States in 1SW. German cxport3 to Great Britain. British India, Australia, and Canada amounted in value to S0?.OQi),O0U marks, snd t'io imports from the same countries and from the British W..\,t Indies to '.KJl.iiO'J.UOO marks. To Great Britain Germany exported to the value of ri-VK'O.OOO marks and from Great Britain she imported t-14,tH'V'M- marks. German exports to Brhisli India aud Aus tralia amounted to 7$.0-n),000 marks, and the imports thence to ?-*7»-,O0i),00U marks. In the ca*e of Canada, Gorasan imports only amounted to 3, 000, 000 marks, while her exports amounted in valuo to 15.UU0.00*- marks. In 1S9G Germany's exports to the United States reached a value of SS4.000.000 marks; to Russia, 364,000,000 marks; and to Austria, 477,000,090 marks. Tbe total amount of German exports for 1SIMI was 3,754,000.000 marks as against S.424.000,000 marks in 18H5. The total imports to Germany from her colo nies in l&ki; had a value of 4,311,000 marks: :be exports of Germany to her colonies amounted in the same year to 5,497.000 marks. Germany's annual expenditure on her colonies is 12.00'J.OUO marts. Of German colonial im ports 3,t;iS,000 marks was mainly accounted for by palm od, cocoaaat oil, india- rubber, and gutta-percha. The chief article of export from Germany to her colonies is spirituous liquors. Satixc Like. — A striking instance of a woman's courage* is furnished in a de spatch from Clermont Ferrand. Shu was in chargo of the level-crossing at Grand Tournant. Through aomo - error a goods train was allowed to leave tho station of St. Rcmy, instead of waiting there t- allow a passenger train, coming from the opposite direction, to pass. Tho woman in chargo of the crossing was horrified to hear the two balls ring at tbo same moment, announc iue that both trains urara on tbe way, ar.J approaching ono auother at full speed. With out delay she seized some fojr- sicu.ils. and with thorn iu her bauds rushed along the line, fastening them to tho rails as far apart as the could manage in time. Tho line curved at tho site of tho crossing, so that each driver tv.-xs unable t- see the other train. Hearing the fog-signal*, however, they shut oil steam ami pulled the train* up within a short distance of one ano.lier. The Kmser and Pbixce Bismarck.— Who ever bs!itfvi*d that, tbe relations between the Kmpcror William and Prince Bismarck would l»e improved by the christening of a cruiser, and bv tho visits of Dr. Miquel, Admiral Tir richtruh was, says the StasuLird correspondent iu Berlin, very much mistaknn. Sotno weeks* *zo. at Coblenz, tho Emperor called his grand motSier, the late Empress Augusta, 'a great woman.' Prince Bismarck was then reported to have said that he could not endorse this opinion, addtnj— 'The illustrious lady joined h:at;I? in thu work of mining mv nerves. She ivas herself of a nervous, unsteady, and restless nature.' lie also gave reasons for his opinion, and especially emphasized Her Majesty's allcgi-d predilection for everything Catholic aud French. On his Ute grandmother's birth day (Scptoaibsr 3)) the Emperor sent the following telegram to bis aunt, the Grand Duchess oi Bv.len: — 'Yesterday- and to-day my thoughts havo. been much with you, beloved daughter of a great mother. . In .un changeable fidelity aad gratitude my heart preservcd the image of her to whom the Gt-nnsn nation will look with admiration, gratitude, and love as an example for all time. History will build her a1 monument which nobody can destroy. But L with you,, shall always regard this day as a blessed day of ftod.' Tlio second sentence is regarded as an an jwer to Princo Bismarck. : : 'Tus: Bzzek-oud Ghost.'— In tbe October number of the Uaxealojical Magazine Lord William ttereaford gives the most detailed account that has ye: appeared of the 'Bercs- ford Gho^t.' Lord William is the oldest .???sccmlaat now living of the heroine of tho tale. Mid he ha* hail access to family record* hitherto passed over by former writers on the subject. Briefly tho story of the Beresfonl Ghost is as follows:— On a specified night (in l«'.'.»:-' Lord Tyrone, who had died on the day preceding, appeared to Lady Bercsford, and did then predict to her certain future events, which came to pass a few yean afterwards. Lord Wiilun-. cutircly disbelieves in the ghost story, and accounts iu a satUfactory manner for «-.«rtain so- caUud proofs of ghostly visi tation. 