ORIGIN OF CHRISTMAS ANNUALS. Christmas annuals are now recognised as ordinary features of literature at the end of the year. But once they were unknown, and a writer iu the Urind»or Magazine tells ua about their beginning : Some authorities now argue that the 'Christmas Carol' was tbe real foundation of the annual. If bo, it is curious to note that the editio princep* ap peared in a little volume very much in the small keepsake form. Slater thus describes it : ** Published not in red, but in brown cloth, with gilt edges, gilt design, and green eod papers.' On page one the head words read, ' Stave I.' The words 'Stave I.' in dicate a later issne, no matter how the book may be bound. It is also, perhaps, amusing to note that the market price of tbe first edition of the 'Chrbtinas Carol' runs from £3 1-K upwards. Let it be known, however, ! that despite its world-wide popularity, the author regarded the Carol as more or less a commercial failure (*ir). He writes : ' I found (he Carol accounts waiting for me, aod they were the cause of it (illness). Tbe first 6000 copies show a profit of £230. and the last four will yield as much wore. I had set my heart and soul on a thousand clear. ' II is evident, from the character of the preface, that Dickens counted on what might be called a general circulation, for he says: 'I hav'e endeavoured in this ghostly little book, to raise the ghost of an idea which shall not put m- readers ont of humour with themselves, wi'h each other, with the season or with me. May it haLnt their houses pleasantly, and no one wish to lay it.' Neither 'The Carol Chimes,' 'The Cricket on the Hearth,' 'The Battle of Life,' nor 'The Haunted Man,' fulfilled in any way the expectations of the writer. 'The truth was,' writes the biographer of Dickens, ' as to all the Christ tii as stories issued io this form, that the price charged v as t oo large, for the public addressed by them was too little to re munerate their outlay ; and when in later years he put forth similar fancies for Christ mas, charging for them fewer pence than the shillings charged for these, he counted his purchases — with fairly corresponding gains to himself— not by tens but bv hundreds of thousands.'1 