fll/R . | Sony. (ft ( We christened him Softy when he joined our regiment, the far-famed Bri tish Borderers, he was so fresh and soft and simple, he swallowed everything we , told him, he took all for gospel, did such j silly things. One night at an inspection dinner we | persuaded him to go up to the general and ask him whether he thought that Julius Ceasar had first invented the or- ; der of attack. The general, who was a jc-lly old cock, saw us all grinning, and said he'd let us know next day, when he so harried and hunted us about the drill field that we wished we had left the order ( for attack alone. | He was the best tempered chap in the world. You could see it in bis face; fair and chubby and child-like — when we first knew him; his blue eyes were so round and wide open, as if with . surprise and astonishment — and he , was a good deal surprised sometimes, j Nothing hardly put him out. He would laugh with the rest of us, and shout , "Oh, I say!" when he saw — not very | quickly — that we had done him again. : Once only he got really into a rage, and , that was when we "drew him." He t never minded it as a rule, but that night i someone fell foul of a photograph — a lady, young, pretty, a regal ripper —and . cried : "Here, boys, look! she's Softy's mash!" Softy made one rush. His eyes were blazing, and his face was first crimson, then dead white. "Drop that, Morti mer. Drop it, or — T't's my mother. She is dead." Mortimer was a great hulking rough fellow. But he knew how to behave. "Beg your pardon, old chap; of course, I'd no idea," lie said, handing him the photograph, and we all went quietly away. As you may suppose, we got very fond of Softy. He wasn't a bit of a soft in other ways; he could do lots of things n-«ll Ua «iaq a 11 i AO Ufl'hi'U'Alp'ht And could ride above a bit; he was a smart field at cricket, and was tough to handle with single sticks or the gloves. , We were soldiering those days in Hali fax, Nova Scotia. It is some time ago, so I daresay many of the old landmarks are gone. The only place of amusement was a theatre known as "Ludoviei's Ly ceum," a glorified barn, nothing more, and the company the merest strollers. But Ludovici was a character in his way, an unrecognised genius according to him self, but with the making of a great act or. This making was, however, long delayed, and so was the fortune it was to bring. The Lyceum did not get much patron age beyond that of the regiment, and Ludovici never had a reajly good season. At last he all but came to conspicuous grief: he owed for the barn, the "ghost never walked," and ruin stared him in the face. It was Softy who found this out. He had always a hankering after the stage, and seldom missed a night at the Ly ceum. Ludovici and he scraped ac quaintance. Softy's idea was that we should give the manager a benefit to help him through his troubles; an amateur per formance, assisted by the professions. We rather pooh-poohed the idea, but Softy was pertinacious. This was the first evidence of that dogged persistence about him which helped him so greatly in after life, and in the end we chose the "Heir-at-Law," with Ludovici as Dr Pangloss, and Softy ' as Lady Duberly, "by particular request" of his brother subs, who thought to take a rise out of him when figged out in petticoats and patches and pearl powder. At mess fellows said that Softy was "stage struck," and money was offered and taken that he would cut the service and go into partnership with old "Loo." For a long time we saw very little of him. This was both before and after the theatricals. It was natural enough at first, on account of rehearsals, and all that, but afterward — why was he so much taken up with Ludovici? What did he see in the chap? We never quite got the rights of it, until one day Softy came to me — I was one of his best pals — and said he was going to exchange. "I want to get to India. A fellow has more chance there; seeing service, you know, and all that, and I'm sick of this peace business. I shall try the shiny. Tull is offering L300 to get into 'ours.' I'd like the money." I smelt a rat and pressed him. Why was he so keen about collaring the stuff? He was not such a wastrel; didn't bet, or swagger, or drink, or waste his sub stance. How or why was he so hard up? After a bit I squeezed it out of him. He had promised to lend Ludovici a couple of hundred pounds. He had squared it with Cox, the army- agents, but only on the condition that he ex- changed and repaid the overdraft with the bonus paid. I was fairly mad with him, and gave it him hot. What! Were we to lose the best boy that had joined us for years, all for this scheming, swindling old scoundrel. I found out where the Ludovieis hung out, and went straight to the house. They were rather poor lodgings in a frame house. An old slatternly negro woman opened the door and showed me straight up stairs! No» Mr Ludovici — only half a dozen children, clean and tidy, round a tea table spread with rather a meagre meal. The eldest, a girl about 14, at "the un grateful age," tall and gawky, with a pale, sallow face, framed by a groat mass of raven black hair, and lightened by magnificent dark Italian eyes, rose and came to me with a questioning look. VI wanted to see Mr Ludovici," I said, a little abashed. "I am one of the Borderers, a brother officer of Mr Sey mour's." e At the sound of Seymour's name a pretty color rose to her cheek, and some thing indescribable, a soft, sweet look came into her fine dark eyes. "Mr Seymour's friends are our friends," she said with a matron's self- possession, putting out her little brown hand. "He has been very good to us." "I love Mithter Theemoore," cried a small voice, with her mouth full of bread and butter, and the remark was echoed round the table, ending, with, "And Pollie lovth Mithter Theemoore," from the first speaker. Pollie, who was the lanky eldest child of the party, laughed a little consciously; then sternly chided them, and hade them be quiet. In the midst of it all. Mr Ludovici and Softy came in together. "Rex," cried the latter, looking at me with more anger in his face than I thought he could show, "what on earth brings you here?" "I came to speak to Mr Ludovici on a private matter," I stammered out, rather disconcerted. Softy came nearer and whispered fiercely : "I don't know what it means, but if you are interfering in my affairs, Capt. King, I beg you will drop it. There!" But the old actor liad taken me by the arm and was motioning Softy away. "This is my private sanctum," lie said, leading me into a squalid, untidy room where he slept. There was a bed in one corner, and this bed, with every other part of the room, was littered about with rubbish belonging to his business; old playbills, properties, rouge-pots, tattered wigs, tin swords, a helmet, high boots. "I can guess, sir. that you have heard of our young friend's generosity, and that you disapprove. Believe me — or not, as you please — but I have been very loth to accept it. I refused several times. But bear with me while I tell you my case." He had a rich, deep, persuasive voice, and I quickly understood the effect it would have on Softy. "I am a gentleman, sir, born and bred; one of the Merediths, of Durham. How I came to be this — a poor mummer" — he pointed significantly at the properties strewn around — "is immaterial. But I have had a struggle. I married a wo man of genius, but it was eclipsed pre maturely. Those are her children. They would be motherless but for my brave little Pollie, who— who — but words fail me to tell you what she has been to them and to me. "Now, when I have been in the very lowest water, at the last gasp, my luck has turned. I have an offer, a distinct and special offer, from"— he mentioned the name of a famous London manager of those days— "an offer of an engage ment at the St. James's Theatre for next season. "It is my chance, at last— the chance I have hungered for all these years. Name and fame, and fortune; the future of those little ones yonder; bread, edu cation, comfort, everything assured." I thought he overdid it a little, with all his tricks of dramatic elocution, roll ing liis "r's" and making great eyes. He had taken in Softy; he should not do the same with me. But what if his story were really true? It might be, on the face of it; and, any way, if Softy chose to make a fool of himself it was in his nature, and to keep him out of mischief would take me all my time. We came away together, Seymour and I, but he was evidently very sore at my interference, and would hardly speak to me all the way to the barracks. "Come young chap," I said at last "Don't bear malice. I was acting for your good. But if you're determined to make a fool of yourself I've nothing more to say." He thawed a little then, but held to his point. / "I'd do it whatever you might say, Rex; you, or the colonel or der-inrChief Jiimself. It's . not only for Ludovici, you see, but "there are all the children, and little Pollie." "Ah, yes, Pollie!" I interjected with a. -slight grin. ! "I tell you she is the most extraor dinary little brick you ever knew. She's just splendid. Why, she's everything to that family, a perfect Providence; slaves for them hand and foot; teaches 'em, dresses 'em, ay, and prays for 'em — she's half an angel herself is that brave- hearted, unselfish little mother of barely fourteen !". So young Seymour exchanged for In dia, and we gave him a "send-off" that made every echo of the old Citadel bar racks ring. The colonel was present, and spoke such brave, kindly words of farewell that most of us had lumps in our throats, and Softy ran fairly blub bering out of the room. Then we escorted him down to the mail steamer, a whole mob of us, but he es caped at the wharf. He had other good byes to say, and we saw him the centre of a little group; the whole of the little Ludovieis were clustered round his legs, while the father, who always reminded me of Crummies, with a dash of Micaw- ber, raised his arm. imploring God's blessing on his young friend. Where was Pollie? Only at the last a little figure flew after Softy, caught at his hands and kissed them again and again. II. A dozen years and more rolled by. I was in London on leave, and the first man I ran up against in the club was Softy. He had landed only that morn ing. Bronzed and bearded, he was other wise unchanged. It was still Softy, with his bright, kindly face and wide-open eyes. They had been busy, eventful years for him, bringing him opportunity, the opening for distinction, the rewards and reputation he had so richly earned. He had won the Cross in Afghanistan for the rescue of a wounded comrade under hot fire, an act of unquestioning, self- sacrificing gallantry ; he had got two brevets in South Africa, and made his name famous by his tenacious defence of an outpost with a handful of men against a whole impi of Zulus. Here he was, still youthful in appear ance, still a boy at heart, but a V.C., a C.B. and an A.D.C. to the queen. Greater honors, the highest preferments, were quite within his grasp. He might live to be a field marshal and a military peer. Softy and I plunged at once into pleas ant reminiscences, talked incessantly of old days, and only when all was exhaus ted touched upon the future. We spent the day together, lunched together, did the park, were to dine to gether and see a play. Like himself, I had but just returned from abroad, and was ready to take my fill of the delights of the town. Walking down Regent street in the evening just before dress- ing for dinner, Softy suddenly cried, "Hulloa," and left me at a run. A glimpse of a swaying skirt In front of me and a pair of glancing feet told me it was the old, old story, and I laughed to myself at Softy's defection, clearly perceiving the cause, as I be lieved. "Pollie!" he said. "Miss Ludovici! Surely I'm not wrong? But, oh, how you're changed." "For the better, I hope, Mr Seymour?" said his old friend archly as she paused and made him a coquettish little bob there and then upon the pavement of the crowded street. Her cheek glowed with rising color as she met the undis guised approval of his admiring eyes. The lanky child had grown into the perfect woman, with a face to dream of. lighted as of old with those magnificent eyes. They melted into bewitching softness and filled with sudden emotion when he said joyfully : "So you have not forgotten me?" "Was it likely, Mr ? I beg your pardon, is that right? You are a sol dier now. I am not clever at titles; but I have not forgotten you. ' But let us walk on.' A little throng had gathered around them, strangely, as Seymour thought, although Pollie understood. And there was a murmur of voices, and a quick ear might have heard the name "Mere dith"— "Mary Meredith" — tossed about from lip to lip, in homage that was too genuine to be rude. Pollie Ludovici was more changed than in outward appearance. She had blossomed and ripened Into the most popular actress of the day, with a full measure of the highest gifts, the power to touch the finest feelings, to draw all hearts, to charm away melancholy and provoke unbounded mirth. "And what are you doing. Miss ?" he began, as they walked down the street together. "Pollie, please," corrected his com panion, laughing silently at his strajjge ignorance. Had he come fx'oiu the back of God speed? "Pollie; yes. Pollie, as of old. You are still the same. I can swear to that. The sajne brave, little Pollie — staunch, self-sacrificing, uncomplaning." "Times have rather changed with us, Colonel." "Softy, please." "Since Halifax," she went on .smiling, but declining the suggestion. "For the .better, thank God." "Your father succeeded?" "Oh, yes! He did well, thanks ever lastingly, Softy, to you. He wenf into management, and — and" — She did not want to tell him yet that she herself was a breadwinner, now, drawing a princely- salary, indeed making her own terms. . "I may come and see you?" "Why, of course." "When may I come?. Where do you live?" ' "Come next Sunday. Hanover Ter- race, Regent's Park " I lunch time; we 'are u at I home then — .father en/ at I Ethel— she's next me, you know 1 aU" I house! Archie's a- a crammer's at wS I nch. He wants to be a soldier Ife-S I —you. The youngest are all at „ , f I They are dear, good children "Pollie, dear Pollie, how good you I to them!" "And now, Colonel — Softy-' v I shall be Colonel Softy, i havo " 1 gage— an appointment. Will yuu n,,.,,:, I me? I must take a cab " »i\e He turned to hail one, but she I had jumped into a passing hansom I "For a man who has onlv ,iun ar ' I rived from the shiny you've not been I long in making some nice new fri-nd« " I He corrected me rather stiffly. I "That was a very old friend- Mi« I Ludovici. You remember, of the Hal'ifav I days?" "Gracious heavens! Seymour, ?s if i I should forget them. But I do trust that I you are not going to take up with uiat I lot again." I I foresaw, knowing nothing of ;he I facts, all sorts of complications, the in- I jury, perhaps, and check to his career. I "Did the old villain ever repay you I that 200 pounds?" I asked. ' I "Most certainly. The very nPX t year I But enough of that, if you please, i I think I know my own business." he 1 said, briefly, and to put an end to the I subject, asked: 1 "What have you ordered ? One's first I dinner at the club is rather an event." I Two days after Seymour presented 1 himself in Hanover Terrace, and was re- 1 ceived like a long-lost "son and brother. I With soldier-like promptitude. Softy I declared himself directly lie and Pollie I were alone together. 1 "I loved you, Pollie, I believe, when | you were a child," he said, simply. 1 "Who could help it, seeing you as you I were then, and what you did. It all comes back to me now." I "You were very good to us, Col. Sey- I mour," she faltered. | "It was for love of you. I have thought of you always, all these years, as the best I and sweetest of little women. J know, 1 now that we meet again, that 1 cannot I live without you. No one else shall be j my wife." They sat there side by side, hand in hand. She suffered him to take her into his arms, to kiss her on the lips, to whisper his endearments, and lie thought that she was won. But then, quite suddenly and abruptly, she broke away from him. and stood. | at her full height, defiant, and with hands outstretched, keeping him at bay. "No, no, I cannot accept yon. I must not, will not!" she stammered .'n a hard, expressionless voice. " You do not understand. Softy, and 1 cannot explain — not now. If 1 marked you — yes — 'if,' indeed, there is an "if— it must make a groat change: it w..uUl be a great wrench. — I — should hav# to break with " He looked at her in utter bewilderment, to loyal and trustful to misund-.-i stand her, as a more worldly-minded man might have done. "See, darling." Once more her moo! changed, and she came to him. placed one soft hand impressively on his arm. while the other sought his and held it tight. "Softy, I love you dearly, and 1 would be proud to be your wife. Thc'e is no reason why I should not accept yu now, on the spot. But something still -lands between us. I am foolish perhaps to let it weigh with me. But it docs, and I cannot bring myself to remove it, even at the cost of my happiness." Loverlike, he sought to silence her ob jections, but she held him back. "No, no; I must have time to decide. You shall have an answer, I promise you. within a week, but not now. 1 mean that, I do, indeed. All this has been far too sudden. Why, only think, three uay« have not gone by since our first mec-t- ing." . Two days later he came to me m ue morning room of the club, with an optn letter in his hand. "I don't know what ihis mean?. Someone has sent me a box for the theatre— the Royal Sovereign. Why Is it?" "Tribute to the victorious soldi" "Rot! Will you come?" We hunted up the papers to see what they were doing at the Royal Sovereign. It was Romeo and Juliet, and among the short press extracts in the advertise-' ment we read that "Mary Meredith was incomparable; hers was the finest im personation of Juliet in this or in any age." , .i Neither of us— I can swear rot' mj«u. and, I believe, for Softy— connected Mary Meredith with Polly Ludovici. Nor did it, when we were seated in the stage box, the very best in the house, recog nise her in the least. T , It was a magnificent performance, r was greatly struck, greatly impitsse , by it, and I said as much coldly ana critically to Softy after the act drop ten. He did not turn at first, and when pi e- sently he did so, I saw plainly that ne was still under the influence of stion=- overmastering emotion; his eyes moist, bis hands shook, ins trembled, and he looked at me as one dazed when I repeated my remark. "Wonderfully good, eh?" "Don't you know her, man. P For the rest of the night I got sense out of Softy. When the was up he followed Juliet with iapt a tion, absolutely absorbed; between th- acts he drew back into the _ _ the box, shut up in silent self muning. » T Mid", "Hard hit, eh, Master Softy. 1 with a poor attempt atfun.tov disdained a reply. "Well, sue is |V TVI Often heard of -Mary r ®a !fhtUrnow I can understand." _ . |: jieredttb. no can understand." He r TeS: ladies but I know now that I Pke, r£nsed'at last what she had I bat hv her hesitatlon to accept him. I ®ea m he Mk her to give up her art for I ffOU, Ho could he permit her. for his I jjro? (Ho" her genius suffer such I , I eclipse? ,, I fnrenoon. towards the end of the I 0ne liroueham drove up to Hanover ffeek' a /nd from it alighted a very dis- Tena.CLf JJge, who asked for tinfUMeredith, and was at once ad- 1 Qhe received him in her private | tni«ed' " ceif-possessed and queenly, fittingroom, seffP one 522 blossom at her waistband, an- '"it is verv" good of' you, Miss Mere- e,.aiit me this interview," began „r '-t soldier. "I should not have turned to intrude, and in the in- of another. Can you guess the sbieets of my mission?" I 1 -vv'-she spoke very gravely-"it is nt fitting that I Should do so. Nor can I admire the good taste of— "stav one moment, please. Let me remove any misapprehensions. I come „ behalf of Col. Seymour "Ah!" she exclaimed. "But without his knowledge. She motioned him to a chair, and corn- nosed herself to listen to him. -Miss Meredith, X am an old man. I claim the privileges of age, and I am fortified hy the excellence of my inten tions against any misconstructions of nhat I am about to say. I have come to ask you if you know what Col. Sey mour has in contemplation?" your lordship is frankness itself. May I venture to be equally frank? In n-hat way do our affairs— Col. Seymour's and mine— concern you?" -Miss Meredith, I will be plain and ex- \ piicit with you. Col. Seymour came to jiv levee a day or two back, and an nounced his intention of leaving the army at once. Now, you know, Miss Meredith, that Col. Seymour is a most promising officer; he is already far ad vanced in a most distinguished career; with health and fortune, he may rise higher and higher. In any case, his ser vices would be greatly missed by the guecn and country." "Did he tell your lordship why he pro posed to leave the army?" asked Mary Meredith, looking up suddenly, speaking almost fiercely, but with the tears very near her eyes. "It is none of my doing; I made no such compact with him. I gave him no right to suppose that I wished it, or that it stood in the way ef — '' Her eyc-s filled, and she could say no more. "I naturally asked him. I pressed him to explain this hasty and, as I felt it, ill - judged resolve," said the great personage, speaking fast and freely, obviously with the cour teous v'sli to let her recover Isr aeli. "After much hesitation he con fessed that he wished to marry, that bis continuing in the service was a Stumbling-block—" "I never said that!" cried Mary hotly.- "Not that quite, perhaps; but he im plied that he would be freer — that by surrendering his own career he might save the lady from a still greater sac rifice; and then— at last— I ascertained that it was you. I saw it all then." There was a long pause," broken at last by Mary Meredith, who rose from her seat and impetuously took the stage, walking to and fro, wringing her hands in evident emotion, for, artist-like, she was easily swayed, and this trait in her own dear Softy touched her to the quick. "Do you know our story, sir?" She halted abruptly in front of her visitor and as the old man looked up at her loveliness and at the noble nature that showed through her streaming eyes he felt that to win such a woman a man might be well content to lose the whole .world. And then she told him everything, from the first days in Halifax, till the Present time, far more eloquently than ' Re-v King, Softy's friend, have set it down, now, sir, he proposes to make he debt intolerable. We owe him every- hing already; how could I repay him if accepted this last and greatest sacri- «C|r A xveek ago I did not know my self. i \vas still so selfish and ungrate- ui as to let the hollow rewards of my Profession weigh down the balance livllf8' bis love- I have thought much, , much these last few days, and I settled clearly enough whatanswer give him. I shall tell him, if he evorwv.0' lllat 1 am ready to give UP ail, font i for k'm> aud to walk bare- I'1 bis side, if he so wishes it, to- other end of the world." „ "J3" she broke down, sinking back the sofa in a wild passion of tears. resii!!1 tllat distinguished personage, sen n l,lat lle had been permitted to she i, aIy Meredith in the finest scene in nia" ,GVer acted in ber life, and not tonav !?ut in rea1' sber earnest, Just stole IV Angers with his lips and ie quietly away. trei;se, Jhat tbe most popular ac- leavn ,u y was about to marry and the tn„. stage fel' as a great blow upon never r"' Jbe rights of the story were vague ''Xa5tly known, although many peared i mysterious Paragraphs ap- varionc ,.! .the pubIic Prints, giving 1'onia,,,- orsions of Mary Meredith's friends ,, 'Ve story" We— Softy's old more an derst00d aU- So dd much tot ami people- for Lord did "H'h r bis own counsel, on herl- ,y Seymour was presented the tbe greatest lady in kindiv her and whispered a few And on that implied much. tuonsr the thousand and one pre- sents bestowed- on the happy pair, there was not one, I believe, more highly treasured than the great loving cup .which bears the inscription: "To Pollie and Softy, from the Boaraers' Mess Maj. Arthur Griffiths, in the "New II- lustrated Magazine." 