AT THE END OF THE LARIAT. All sorts and conditions of men and women came together in the cattle days. It was one of the peculiar features of the time that there never was asked the question, "Who are you r Xiie newcomer mtrotiucea mm- self, as did the minora of the mountains, in bis own way, and was taken for what he was worth. His real value was usually de termined at short notice by the men of tho frontier, and when they had once branded a stranger he might as well acquiesce, for the word went along tlie' line as to liis stand ing. When he did not do so he found that there was likely to be a hint that lie could not afford to neglect — and he obeyed. When James Sorten came to Cimmarron ranch and introduced himself as the younger son of a wealthy New Englander, disinherit ed because of his fondness for the sports of the plains, he was believed. He looked it. His admirable form and his charming man ners—as manners went in those days— won to liim the men — and women — of the settle ments and made him the friends of the ranch boys wherever he met them. Some of the boys will yet remember him and the lively part be played in the drama of the latter 60s. ; Rivalries that are now turned toward the management of the corporations and the manipulating of the prices of stock were then in that section devoted to the handling of herds, and tlie' ranch that liad the largest and most energetic force of cowboys was the one that had the bettor fortune in that line. Sorten, who soon gained the title of "Yellow-back, because of bis customary clothes of bright saffron, was the leader of the rustlers. He could scent a maverick further than anyone along the trail, and woe to the herder that allowed a bunch to remain out on the prairie over night — it was likely to be missing for good. Of course there were efforts to put a stop to the practice of running in the wanderers, for at least a reasonable time after the find ing of tlie same. But who could prevent it? Sorten went to the trail every night to see if there were any wanderers that needed protection from the blizzards, and often re turned with two or three that had strayed from some passing herd. One night he did not return as soon as usual, onu when he came in it was with a white face and agita tion written upon his entire body. "What's the matter, Jim?" asked the chief herder. , "Seen a ghost?" asked another. "No; but I tell you, boys," were liis words, "I've Seen the fastest rider that ever was in this valley." "Tell us about" it." "There ain't nothin' to tell. I was over in the upper ravine looking for any a-wan- derin' steers that might' be needin' care an' had found two, when along came a stranger on horseback and ordered me to git. I don't take any man's sass, and I told him so. What did tliat critter do but give a whoop an' scare them steers so that tliev went bellowin' down tlie ravine. I follered of course, an' when I saw that there wasn't no chance to git them home turned around to look at the other one. He sat on his boss as quiet as you please, an' when I looked at him smiled, then with another whoop started after the stcera himself, an' what do you think, in a minute he had 'em in his line an' was drivin' 'em home — which I take it is over the other side of the trail." It appeared afterwards that he hail tried Jo overtake 'the stranger, but failed— lience jus perturbation. . The boys all laughed at him a good deal, and he fairly haunted the trail to catch another glimpse of the mys terious visitor. But it was a week before be was satisfied. A day off was given the cowboys by rea son of the failure of a lierd to get in from the farther range, and we all went up to tlie town for a time. Jim was looking for something all the time, and when as we came within a mile of the settlement lie caught sight of a sorrel horse ahead of us he gave a little cry of ioy and sank the spurs into the flanks of hie pony viciously. We followed, anil were by liis side when the sorrel was overtaken. Then we no ticed something that we had not been aware of before— the rider of the sorrel was a woman. Jim's faco was a study. He was so sure of his game, and when it came aB it did he wilted. But he braced tip a little and began a conversation. It was tlie daughter of the chief herder across the river, and she was about as protty a picture ns often came to the eyes of the herders in the territory. She laughed and joked with Jim and he deserted us to be by her side. We rode and left them logcthor. That was the beginning, nnil for about a month Jim and liis girl wero tho talk of the country around. They were struck on each other if any two ever were, and rode up and spirits. th 1111663 like wandcring twj inS" was ,acarcc' on the ranges araiJ! i iin vl swore that the v&itoll; made hifci give up ten head of tL ff, i a si far, &3S." --? One day the order came to BQ +n ti,I| south-west after a-lierd and drive norttwi meant two months of hard riding, aid WIS Jim did hate itl $1 He rode over to see his girl for good-hvoS and they had an affecting parting, I CT(/J1 bhe loveii him, and wanted to marry hinfl before he went, but Jim wouldn't have si so, though he promised that it should ill done as soon as he returned. jSg That was the year of the cattle sufferinli on the plains because of tlio rain and slecfli The herds were unable to get from the icH the wet grass beneath, and starved and! froze to death on the northern plains hi the territory there was no suffering of thill sort, hut the cold rain made it hard for thai cowboys, and they had the touglieririiinls they had ever seen to keep warm while (LSI the range. Tliey rode up and down the lin/i wrapped in big blankets and with' ollriliS scarfs they could gather arouifd tlieiH necks. M One night as the storm was worst there! came along the trail a little herd— not mnrei than 200 half starved cattle that had cri-I dently been herded through the summer oil® their way north, and had not been bushed! fast enough. In the camp waggon Hi, at was! with them was a woman. She came to tbei ranch house to get some food, and we kcntS her there all night, tlm cook's wife slmrin»l a bed with her. The girl— for she was not! more than a child— asked if we knew M James Morris. Of course we did not, but! when tlie next morning she tools from her! necls a locket, and opening it showed u«B the face of "Yellowback" we all looked! blank enough, I tell you. n She went back to the waggon, hut tliey! did not get any farther. The man got sick! somehow, and the woman went to the other! ranch, where she met Jeanne Aiscv. tliel girl who had the love of Jim— or thought! she had. jj Well, the expected happened. She told! her troubles to Jeanne and the girl knew! that she had been making love to a married! man. Mad? There is no word to express it I She fairly raged, and rode the plains fori days almost beside herself. She vowed thatl she would kill him and then was willing to 8 forgive him for his wife's sake. But Jim did! not come then. H The wife stayed and grew sick faster than! her father. At last she died and Jeanne | was free. But those who knew were glad J they had not tlie task that was before Jirnl when he came home. I Our boss told us one day that the herd 1 would be in in a week. The ranch was pre- 1 flared for the coming, anil the cowbovjl ooked fonvard to the event with interest; for tliey would get a day off in which theyj could go over to the settlement. 1 At last the herd was within a day's drive | and the whole settlement was waiting fori it. The boys all knew the situation be-jj tween Jim and Jeanne, and wanted to seal what would happen. I Jim was tired when lie came into enmpj and did not want to talk. He ate. his dinner I in quiet and then said: "Let's go" over to the! town." I Of course we were ready, and a half dozen I of us went with him. On the way he asked | if we had seen Jeanne, We told him no-1 thing about the visitor of the past few I weeks, and only when we got to the town I did we see him look cheerful. I Jim drank harder than I had ever seen I him do that afternoon, and about 4 o'clock I was in a lively mood, ready for any sort of I an escapade. | As we rode down the little street we saw. I coming in from the ranches a woman on I horseback. All the herders fell back. They I did not want to see what happened at tool short range. I Jim recognised his old flame, and hurried | his horse forward to meet her. But she did j not hurry. Instead she was in the must I exasperating state of deliberation. I "How are ye?" called Jim, so that we | could hear him. I . There was no answer. I "AVhat's the matter ?" lie demauded. I "Don't you want to marry me?" I For on answer she gave her horse a blow I with tlie riding whip and came up to his I side. In her hand was tlie raw hide, bhel lifted it high, and before be could see what I she was going to do it came down across I his face again and again. He fairly bowled I with pain, but she rode back to lier side oil tlie street and kept up the highway. | "I'll kill lier," shouted Jim, and away went his horse to the saloon where lie had left his revolver. _ ,, , , . . .1 As he stood before the trying to get I the barkeeper to give it up she rode in tront i of the house. , j "Jim Morris," she called, come oucd How white Jim turned! But he went. I "You cowardly sneak,' she began. r 1 thought I loved you once, but now I know I vou. Do you remember those nights tuasi I used to scare you away from tlie mave-i ricks9" t it Jim looked at her in astonishment. Haul he been outwitted by a woman? J "And last month I held m my arm al woman who liad this picture. Do you knoyi She held out the miniature that Jjl the possession of the woman with tl;e ,1CI| Jim shuddered. . j| 1 Where — where did you get it: n|l asked. ' ,1s "From your dead wife's bands, .he uqi lieved in you, nnd I did not tell lier botti.nl She died bleBsing you;< and do yon kno i where you ought to he:" , A j The woman's eyes fairly blazed as she a . I there on her horse and faced the little conra pany of herders and saloonists. " u Jim never the angry v.'ouian ; but lie was too angy himself. to civG up. , , "You said a little while ago that would kill me," she began once more on tlmt horse and let ns see about it. . J5 A pony was standing near — Jim's. On "; bnck the men placed liiin, wondering "J1';, would be the next move, but nil hoping t"a the vengeance would fit the crime. "I'll count three," said Jeanne; tneu look- out." if Jim wns unarm'ed— what else could lie do- He jabbed the spurs into the pony /7 off like a shot. Up the long street lit wen , and had 300 feet the start when c.inic Then' we knew why the 31T,?! 'jjo rounded' un the m tivcnuKs. Ifc rail hi " nil At tho sound of the mistress's voita it was olf ami tho distance between the t lessened. Out on tho prairie they sped. Then came the end. ... f ti„, iicc- AA'hen within a Bhortdistanceoftkeu inc man the woman drew a coiled from her saddle and whirled it around ll<Oiice, twice, it circled, and then-awa.v in Mffl 'curves until it settled over the vil iSi W ( the coward and deceiver, Jim. SKreUrrel planted its feet in the son; linH : ®tfiras a jerk, a fall, and then away itcifSBW plains towards the ra vuSj, where ies Wm ",£ little cemetery, she went, a dark iiir sss# «b>" jnceinu at the end of the todc. th aH, .'nnearcd behind the hills, and site 3 i aSJl jltl . iiiic back. H8H ; cJjZi die never came to the settlement tin a® for »l»e moved from the trail country M ai WtEcta after. But the boys wished she M MiXl come, for they wanted to give her a I £S2H f fijaiiks M» Sever, they went out that evening MM" Jl buried Jim—by the side of the little I'UnfwH woman who was his -wife.— Juan Q JWgfnthe "Globe Democrat." 