A G.ERMAN WEAVING; , VILLAGE. - An intelligent correspondent has written an; account of his visit to a little-known district of Germany, from which we take the following --: About 200 miles from the German capital, is the northern part cf the province of Sihsia, there is a line of low Lids called the Haystack Mountains. Scatteredl among thtse hills, some times in villanes and azaiu in detached and isolated log crbins, are to be found about 2,000 people, who are called the Hunger-Menoulsn human beings who never have enaough to eat. Their business is hand-loom weaving, and it has been carried ons olong on starvation wages that their bodies have .shrunk and dwindled until the anthrt pologist may,almobt classify them as a separate npti:ies of the human family. Most of, these .weavers liye in the little county.of Glatz,i but a few. bhours ride from Breslan, and Gold-. bach is the Sclaudflcek or shame' spot of; ..Germany. It was a cold, rainy April morning that lRborg and I climbed from Ieinerz tothebroad; plateau on which the miserable little hamlet isn situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climbinei we rpschled the top, and Goldlbach lay before us.. Its low cabins were strong along both aides of! the roadway for nearly half a mile, and evens from where we stood we could hear thei monotonous click-clack of the long line ot looms.; Some little chillren ran into the cabins to; make known our arrival. The click-clack: stopped for a moment, and ghost-like faces. peered out of the windows. Such withered. human beings I had never seen before. Their: eyes were sunken and dull, and the skin oni their face.s when not sickly white was of a' dingy yellow hnue. They looked out upon ust hewildoreo, and then fell hack to their looms, and the click-clack began afresh. We wan.i dered on to the end of the hamlet and then bhack to the inn, and the only living creatures we saw were the children and the faces in the window. There was not a horse or dog any where in sight, and the impression the little. village gave is was that of an isolated settle-! ment, haut off from human sympathy and even! deserted by the dcmestic animals, Hearr Sommek, the mayor, was a wrinkled] little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there: was a worried look in his face which I had not; noticed among the other villagers. It comes, I fancy, from the wearying efforts to collect village taxes. He ws aonxious that we shouldl bave his official statement of the case. Gold bach, he said, was the poorest place in the: entire district. There are nearly a hundred, weavers in the village, and they just barely. exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages far ther to the west the weavers have always had; the alternative of working in the woods or at- I their looms as they chose, and they are conse quently better situated. In Goldbach, however, this choice has never existed, and the villagers are now so weak and unaccustomed to out-door labour that they simply cannot undertake it. All that they are capable of is a little wurk in their gardens and weaving, and the com petition with machines is so greal. that their; cloth must be sold at the very lowest prices. The Government. in 1852 bought the land in Goldbach and resold it. to the weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay five marks a year on his lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that time the village had been in the hands of large land proprietors, and' it was purchased from them in the hope that personal ownership of house and garden would give the weaver a now impetus to work. Had, there been enough work for them this hope, no doubt, would havebeen realised, but Land-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annual income of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 marks, or less than £20. This is sup posed to cover all expenses, and it is not hard to understand why there are so many mortgages. The main kinds of weaving done in Goldbachi :are shrrioreg, Lndkerchie[s. aieenwc. ad ticking. iA ,vldtnlman li-,.ia I.. ita.t.., ..rulrfhww lhbw raw stoffs, and then buys the cloth at a valua-' 'tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern-. ment has also had some work done here, bat as it usually wants towels for the army. and the weavers are too weak to do such heavy weanving. the middlemen is the main employer. If there' is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, and a case is known where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetinga and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. The bill of fare in the village varies a little in' the different' cabins, but in the main it eonsists of rye, coffee; rye bread,,. and 'meal. A queer mixture of dough 'and meal .is .the favourite 'dish for Sundays. Potatoes are, aten when cheap enough. Mo.t, of. the weavers have .little gardens where they.raiseall the vegetables. they. can, but their lots are so small ; that they, have no room for large crops. Their. potatoes give out very early in the winter. Meat is sel dom seen. Herr Sammeck has it once a week, but he earns an extra 150 marks a year for his publ.c services, and can afford it. The others; get a taste of it once in six months. The greater part of the wearers in Goldbach are bloed kindred, and married couples are fre-e quently; fis eousins, but malformed children are turimisiaigly rare. Nearly every household, '.has at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Pahl, as he had remarked upon the fact, how be accounted for it. He shook his head doubtfully, and at first did not seem to hare any explan ation to give, but hbe finally ,said, Cl Na ! the air helps a little i" When the ,children begin to weave, however, the life soon tells on,them, and if they keep it up they grow thin and weak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine he is enlisted into the ver vice. and has almost as maniy hours of toil as his parents. At five o'clock. summer usd winter, he mnst e up and ldoin.g, and after thb few hours at school sald play, he works on into the night with his elders. I asked Ierr Sam-u mek If he did not thiuk the older pieople would. tie strong if they workedl out of doors a little- on farms for example. '"We have tried it.'," he rerlied. "ibut w are too thin bloorded. Even in summer, if the witnd blles hard, wu shiver as you do in innter, and no farmer ill take us." " But could you not go irnto factories ?" A look of derpair crme into iis ftre. •"It is the same thing there." he nnswerre,. "If we ask a mansi aitur-r 1.-r work. he says we caut do rnough. You ee we lack tihe strength to run the big mrtchi.i,. and in factoriesi they want ptople that cail wnlk hail. No; all that we S --A: TREE WHICH STINGS. A traveller fromn Queensland describes in the S" :unday.Companion " a peculiar treo which he found there, which. though heautoiful to .tlisne.Fi vei. orffesire to the sen?e of smell, and rlpsittvcSly daigerous to touch. Hero is an occosuit of a'lt's ITrets :-" . Solim. iier, while .hoating iiurikea,' ,ni the serih,,l har entirely for eaten te -sitlging.-tree till I was warned of its iproisiithllj y its rmeil, and hare often found moself: in. a little forest of Ithem. I was only ;ounce sttig, sa l tllhen very lightly. Its tffects sl'curiouls. Tile sting leaves no mark, but the pant is maddcening, anlt for months alterwards the part, when touched, is tendiler in rainy w'athcr, or when it getrs wet in washing. I have seen a ml?l, who trets ordinary pain lightly roll oi tho, giiiil in nrani after being stung, and 1 h Ir IInisiin hiiorise sI conmpletely mad altevr gcttlig- iio l..a;iiie of the trees that he rusheid open-r outiiih.l at cerryone who ap preached him, anI had to ble bhot. Dogs, when stung, will rul.h abshout, whiniag pteously, and biting pieces from the affected part." HIl DIDN'T. "Joho James, what do you mean by getting into such a coudition? bay ' Smith's spirit flask soPlit Philipa sister's skall.' " 5 Wo' do a'p sush shing I Shan't shay~ P Smith spish frash fish sish-sh.shL' hact ,j ? , ? - ,u,? ·?. j- " " can do ie to #te.$ In answer to an inquiry why there is nso little work, he said that the facto:ies controlled the market, and it was only by working cheaper than factory hands that home weavers were able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against hand loom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out on our round of the cabins. The first one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had bern a wearer ever since her eighth )ear. I had heard that she took part in the rerolution. " Oh. that was a terrible time." she aid,, ho!d ing her finger against ocr nose in a characteris ttc Gerrrla way. " We had only grass to eat then. I remember my mother sending me out many a night to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't il the "revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back--" And the poor old soul began: felingi around in lhebhreadsof theloom. ")hyres ;its much better tiow," ase continued. "*We have breed every day, and ySiu can't starve on.tlhat can yon ?" We called next on'Iferi:Pahi, as he had raked us to tfire lhis icetire. rWe flsind, ?tim waiting for us on his doorstep, and as we entered the cabin he' pfked up ? ra enesryt' skeleton- lokinog baby, saying, "Gini!tnino, this is my eleventh." We saw bit six children, and asked where the rest were. "id the'?ray--' yard." he returned, and I Iancir that I eaw. a look of thankfulnacs on his face. . "1 doI't 'want charity," he erllaineld, "but I do think they might give me work. If I had enough to do I could feed my children on bread at least, but now I can't trn over three marks a "week. That's the reason the otherchildren dirdt. They weren't si k-no one gets sick here--they just got thinner and thinner and withered away." At nll c ths otber canisol we heard. prectscally the samo story. The looms were anlao) click ing, and the chtldren wete either spooling or peeling potatoes. MILLIONAIRES OF THE RAND. The story of the rise of the gold-mining in austry of tho Transvaal, when one day it comes to be written by somebody who has lived and moved in the inner nug of Johannesburg .capitalism, should indeed read like a strange romance. Unfortunately the law of libel,which prevents one frost always telling with comfort the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, for bids me (writes a representative) to dwell on the history of the rise to vast wealth of several of the most Interesting men in the Transvaal of to-day ; but on the other hand there are millionaires of character and position whose fortunes have been won . by merit and sheer ability. Quite Appallingly Wealthy. The two richest men in the Rand to-day are. probably Messrs. Lewis and ]larks. ,They are of Polish extraction, and started ount to ilaber ton a quarter of a century ago, or thereabouts, to neck their fortunes. By indostry and cnter prise they gradually, pushed their way to t?: front, and are at the present time the posepsors' of wealth almost beyond the dreams of' av?re.: Both are noted for their generosity in many good causes, and their names may often be seen at the head of- the charity lists 'sIr. :Uarks lives at' Pretoria, and it is no' secret that,; like, Mr. J. B. Robinson, he' i' one of those .Out landers who are on very good terms with Presi dent Kruger: . ' A Vast Business. The great and varied enterptrie, of these two millionaires of the land are to be seen.in all parts of the Transvaal. If there is alfarm with bgold under it to be developed, it is prettyosafe to go to.thse men. to find the money to ac quire and if need be work it. They are enor? mona owners of property in the Transvaal, and between them posscts a bieg fraction-probably a sixth-of the total area of the country.;: As. may be imagined the astute Kruger is usually only too willetg to grand concessions of all sorts and kinds to millionaires like Messra. Lewis and Marks, and quits lately peimissian ta eet-blish s osae areat etua-work ..e.. hbn The RottEehilds of South Africa. The Ecksteius might be described without exaggeration es the ltothsclilds ol South Africa, whilst men hke MIr. Beit do not lag much be hind. Mr. Lax Langerman, a man of light and leading in .Lohatenesburg financial circles which by the bye is the same as saying "inJoh annesburg," for they seem all financiers there has been arrested by the Boer Government. Mr. Solomon Joel, who is a near relative of iMr. Barney Barnato, was the hero of the rain making incident. ituring the long drought in the Transvaal be aspired, by means of dyna mite, to tap the unwilling heavens of some cool and refrevhing showers, and attributed his want of success only to the fact that his machineo was not powerful enough. Next dreught-. abo?dd he happen to be back again-Mr. Jeel intends to attack the heavens with a more: powerful instrument brought tram the States. From The Bottom Rung. Your South Africa millionaire and multi millionaire has, it will be found, nearly always risen from the bottom rung of the ladder. Some times he came to Africa as am ordinary digger: sometimes he commenced by driving a team of oxen. In fact, if you want to shine in the millionaire line, in South Africa at rate, ap-, parently the best thing you can do is to sell all! you have, give to the poor,and start with a apade' as your sole capital. If you begin with monee you will very likely lose it all before you have learned how to scoop together even a small pile. "It's all becanse pf the cashmerc dres,Tom," mirs. Mlerlon anosed aughingly How glad I am that I wore it," 