Cupid Among Ihe Cakes. By Blakche What. "Since when, Stapleton," asked Urqnart, of the Guards, "Lave you developed this extraordinary fondness for cakes ( Or is it, as 1 see you don't eat ' them, that you have taken to philanthropy and intend to give an al fresco entertain ment on the beach to all the small shoeblacks and flower girls of Sidcomb ?" "Don't be an ass, Urquart," answered Stapleton, looking as wrathful as his pleasant, good-natured face would allow ; * 4 surely a fellow may buy a few buns without being'put through his paces in this way ; and why that fool of a chambermaid doesn't take them downstairs I can't imagine." "All right, dear boy—awfully sorry I've annoyed you, but I can't help fancying there must be a pretty pastry-cook at the bottom of all this sweet-stuff, and as I'm responsible for bringing you here, feel I ought " *• That's enough," answered Stapleton, angrily drawing up his slight boyish figure ; " as you want to find out everything, I will save you the trouble of doing so by telling you myself. I'm in love with, and mean to marry, the pretty pastrycook, as you call her," and, turning his back upon his astonished friend, he began to drum a tune on the window panes. " Stapleton—what utter folly. Why, it will do you no end of harm in the Service, to say nothing of your mother and the prospective heiress she has in view. For goodness sake don't do anything that yon will regret all the rest of your life." "I am not going to be married tomorrow, or the next day—if that is what you are driving at," replied Stapleton, a look of determination passing over his face, which made Urquart—his senior by ten years—realise for the first time that the bright, light-hearted fellow, whom everyone looked upon as little more than a boy, was a man after alL "I don't want to be nasty, old chap," lie said, laying his hand affectionately on his friend's shoulder: "it was awfully good of you to come and bore yourself irith me in this dead-alive hole of a place, and I ought not to wonder if you have found amusement in a harmless flirtation; bat don't let it go further—unequal marriages are no end of a mistake.' 9 " But, Urquart, you've not seen Enid, or you would not speak of unequal marriages. She looks fit to be a duchess ; indeed, I should think her one in disguise if she was not unmistakably like her aunt, Sirs Clifford. She's a perfect lady in every way herself, and as for her family —why, I'm not going to many 'them All" "But your mother—what on earth will she say ? She'll cut you off with a nhiHing without doubt, and marriage on your part will mean absolute ruin to anyone brought up as you have been." " My mother must make the best of it; I've been tied to her apron-strings too long as it is. She. has had her own way in everything since the poor old General's death, and can't expect to have it for ever; but here is someone coming—let's make friends, old man, I should hate to have a split with you." "Atelegram for Mr Stapleton,said ihe waitress, entering the room with the air of excitement that the officiallooking yellow envelope always arouses in the domestic mind, particularly in a quiet little out-of-the-way place like the "Royal George," Sidcomb. It had been with an inward groan that Urquart had been des patched there by his doctor to recover from a long attack of weakness, the result of influenza, and great had been his pleasure in receiving a letter from Stapleton a week after his arrival, saying, "Expect me to-night; am sure you are bored to death, alone in such a slow hole., so am coming to do the truly rural with you," and certainly, for dullness, and bracing life giving air, Sidcomb is unrivalled : but the two friends, who were naturally lighthearted and ready to make the best of things, did not have half a bad time ; it was only the last week that Urquart had begun to feel uneasy. His friend's long absences, and somewhat disjointed conversation, made him suspect that something was in the wind ; and it was with a feeling of intense relief that he read the telegram handed to him— "Come home to-morrow; want yon particularly. "Elizabeth Siapieton. \- " I can't bear to leave you, darling," said Stapleton, a few hours later, when he and his lady-love were sitting together on one of the hard uncompromising benches at the extreme end of what the inhabitants of Sidcdmb proudly styled the esplanade. It was a calm perfect evening; the'soft air fanned Enid'sJair cheeks and toyed with the waves of her hair. She was looking pretty enough to win any man's heart, and, impulsive lover as he was, Stapleton was perfectly correct in speaking of her as a lady. There was an indefinable charm- and grace in every movement; the plain black dress she Wore fitted the slight, graceful figure to perfection, and tie soft, gentle voice was very sweet to listen to. " Yes, dear,"she answered ; "Irfiall miss you fearfully, and shall always remember how happy we have been, if, as is quite possible, we never meet • again" "My darling, there are to be no *ifc in th3 mailer," answered Stapleton, taking one of her pretty, white hands. " Of course we shall meet again. I return in at least a fortnight; in fact, I should not go to-morrow if the Mater was not so urgent. She ]has had her own way for years, and I can't change die order of things all at once. Besides* I want to tell her about you ; she may cut up a bit ipjagji. Just; at first, bpt it will all come rightin the end, and if the worst came to th£ worst, you .would not mjiqid being a poorman's wife, wouMyon, dearest ?" . Mb, dear ; , but I should mind yon having a breach with' your mother. member, you axe her only child, Jack • and, she won't approve of me. I fear we bare been veiy fooli sh; but, -at any rate, remember,-1 shall quite understand and foigiye, IE, after you are among your own surroundings again, you realise the mistake yon have made. My love for you is too strong to ask you to sacrifice your life for my sake." "Itearest, don't talk so, it makes me wretched, You ace so mnch to me I could notgive yon . up for any ^number of mothers. It may. take a little time, as my mother is a woman of great determination,and has some rich grrl .she'met in fans a few months ago, whom die has ~ "" " bat when ehe sees I'm equally determined: not to, she will have to give in." "And the rich girl may be very charming and fascinating—much nicer than I am." " Impossible—heiresses are always plain; it's the law of compensation, don't you know. Besides, I should hate a horrid purse-proud thing who would dole me out five-pound notes and expect one to be eternally grateful. No, I never took to the idea of this young woman, even before I saw you, sweet one. • She is coming to the Towers soon, I believe." " And if, Jack, you like her, don't think of me; your mother would never tolerate a girl whose only relations keep a confectioner's shop. Poor dear AnntClifford, good and handsome as she is, could never, under any circumstances, pass for a lady. My poor mother, her sister, was different; she had travelled and seen more of the world. Yes. we have been very happy, and, remember, I shall understand whatever happens. But it's getting late—1 must not stay auv longer, or poor auntie will be in a fidget Don't come to see me to-morrow, I'm going out early with my cousin. Let us say * good-bye' here in this lovely sunset, it will be a beautiful memory always." " Not good-bye, my sweetheart; you don't understand. Why will everybody always treat me as a foolish boy? You are the one woman I love, Enid. Can't you trust me, dear ? "and, taking her in his arms, he kissed her lovingly and reverently, bringing tears to the girl's eyes, and making lier realise that un mistakably a priceless love was hers. # * * * * "My dear boy, do try to look a little less lite a bear with a sore head," Baid Mrs Stapleton the next evening, when she and her son were standing together in the pretty drawing-room at the Towers ; " wait until you see how charming Miss Carter is, and you will be ready to forgive me for summoning you home." " I fancy it's in view of her money the beauty lies," answered Stapleton crossly. He was in the worst temper imaginable. It was trying to have been called away from Enid in any case, but to find, on his arrival, that it was simply because Miss Carter, the heiress, had hastened her visit, was doubly exasperating. He had only arrived just in time to dress for dinner, and to vent his ire on Mrs Stapleton in a manner that made her realise, as Major Urquart had done, that the boy had become a man—had broken loose from her leading strings, and that her cherished plan might be more difficult to accomplish than she had anticipated. "At any rate, be polite, dear," she said anxiously ; " I think I hear her coming." " T hope I always behave as a gentleman," answered Stapleton, just before the door opened to admit — not Miss Carter, but her French maid, who, in pretty broken English, explained that her mistress, being much overtired with her journey, hoped madame would excuse her not coming down to dinner, but that she would join them in the drawing-room afterwards. Sirs Stapleton was not sorry for the respite. Jack's favourite dishes, prepared by her excellent cook in honour of the young master's return, n ight have a soothing effect upon him ; a id it certainly was so, for when he re-ente ed the drawing-room after his solitary ci ;ar, he looked more like his usual hai dsome wellsrooined self. Miss Carter has not a {reared yet," said his mother, ^^^fff^iding over some embroidery." _ ° at my flowers, they ate this year." Stapleton strolled over the conserom, which, vatory at the far end of the! being well filled with ch< blossoms, was one of the prettiest items house. He was slowly saw admiring the beauties of " by Art, when he sudi that he was not alone, white wicker chair w figure—a figure which, lifted up a sweet smi~~ mirrored on his mem; it was the vision' But no, it was not of the ring round, re assisted discovered in a pretty still, graceful came nearer, —a face so he thought own dear love, vision, for it had risen, and coming softly to Mm, whispered: "Jack, I am not a ghost—don't you know me 1 Speak, dear, or I shall think you are angry." Enid, sweet one, is it really you ?" he cried, recovering from his astonish-, ment sufficiently to be able to speak, and clasping the dainty figure lovingly in his arms. " I don't understand, dear, how you have managed to get here.'' " To get here," she answered laughingly. "Oti, that was easy enough—the train brought me ; but don't you guess—can't you see that Fve been playing ' Dr Jekell and Mr Hyde ?' in fact, that I'm a most unprincipled young wornan'Who has been passing herself off as Enid Clifford while all the time she was Enid Carter ? " Jade, though one of the best fellows going, was not particularly quick at taking in a situation, but at last it dawned upon him that now there would be no difficulties to contend with, and that Enid was his to love and marry with the utmost despatch. And how lovely she was., Standing behind the counter dispensing sponge and Eccles cakes she had been absolutely charming; but now, clad in sott silken draperies, with pearls round her slender, white throat, she was fen times more lovely. " Now, dear," she said, drawing herself away from him, " you must listen to my long story, and are not to give me one more kiss until we get to the end of it, as perhaps you will wish to elope our acquaintance on finding how veiy deceitful I've been. Besides, you don't like heiresses —they are always plain, and dole out £5 notes." " If I'm not to kiss you until the end of the story, for goodness sake begin," said the enraptured lover, sitting down beside her, and gazing into her fair, piquant face. " Well, Jack, its always well," she continued, "to get the worst over first, and if you are congratulating yourself upon your future wife not being the niece of a confectioner, I must disillusion you at once. Mrs Clifford is undoubtedly my aunt;. in feet, the only one I believe I possess. My father's family I know nothing about, a3 they all cut him after his marriage with my m^her, soon after which he emigrated, anx£ being a sharp, clever man, made —as the AmariMB. would put it—his ' pile.' My mother died when I was quite, a child, and my father when X was sixteen, leaving me in charge of a legal friend who has the management of my money matters, and ofa MrsLe Steange,the widow of an old Colonial officer, who, has been my rone up to the time of n^Sidcomb freak, when an attack of typhoid laid up the poor old lady,, and necesfjitafceii my being sent somewhere—'» > at was difficult to decade.. I remembered your mother's kind invitation, but fel£5fc was hardly fair to go to hear .straight, "JirbnL aft infected house. I had al^yB jkept up .a oorresso , me best thing go'to, .her: Ijkefiist ^ iBS&fSI;&Sr; i my relations treated ffljjBj^h oyemhelmiwp^awi jn^de ifle in fiplijaiy * ' «» but aJt'lwt I <x>pid. .staad > lt no an9 A bagged to bpafiowe^l to„sejye Mthe s^opTTanytbing thai made ja jcHaQgesn,^ aojaejrfiat <3ull life was most w&ccuneC; ' TChe lot pf a' girl ^jLinorieyi who lias no one to care for Sgr apart means p. bod of You know what followed. Don't you remeniberthe littler" * 1 hungrily v in at our looked upj^yourJ* I believe 1 loved yon1 Of - wnrae, my of kindness. > moment. aroused, and 1 wanted to find out who you were; and in a small place like Sidcomb it was not difficult. The arrival of two smart young officers like yourself and Major Urquart created no Btnall excitement, and when I discovered that you were Mr Stapleton of the Guards, whose mother, the mistress of Kingston Towers, had invited me to stay with her shortly, a wild idea took possession of me. Why should I not try to win your love before you knew I was the possessor of £5,000 a year ? My wretched money had brought me many wooers, but none for my sake alone. To be loved apart from my moneybags was the great wish of my life, and that you admired me was unmistakable ; your visits +o the shop were so constant, and the amount of unwholesome sweetsweet-stuff you bought something alarm ing. But you know the rest. It was a case of love at first sight with us both. '* A few days before the telegram from your mother, I heard from Mrs Le Strange, saying she was better and hoped to join me in a few days en route for the Towers, our next resting place. I felt pretty sure of you then, and, as I did not want the good lady to know of my little tricks, I decided to write to your mother asking her to have me a little sooner, and Mrs Le Strange could join me a few days later. I got the letter posted by a friend in London, and hence the telegram you found so distressing." She paused at the end of her long history and awaited her lover's verdict. " Dearest," he said solemnly, " I should have married you, as I trust you know, in spite of anything my mother or anyone else might have had to say, but it would not be human nature if I said I regretted the change of afiairs. A man is always thankful to avoid a fuss, and £3,000 a year is a very nice addition to our income ; but with or without it you are the one woman for me, darling ; but are we to tell my mother about Sidcomb ? " " Yes, we will have no more deceptions; besides, I'm not ashamed of the cake shop; in fact, I love it dearly, as it brought me the one thing I wanted— someone to love me for myself alone. Yes, dear, it was undoubtedly a case of ' Cupid among the cakes.' " 