St. Stephen's Chupch Penfith. ANNIVERSARY SERVICE. A special service' in connection with kbo 16th anniversary of the incumbency of the Rev. George Brown, was held in St. Ste phen's Obureb, Penrith, on Sunday evening. The musical portions were well rendered by the choir and the orchestra, under the efficient leadership of Mr. J. Oh Tedder, ohoirmaster, the anthem being taken from the 121st psalm, " I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence cometh my help. My help cometh even from the Lord, who bath made made heaven and earth." A good congre gation was present and much interest was shown on the occasion. The text was taken from Acts 20—24th verse. " None of these things move me, neither count I any life dear unto myself; so that I might finish my oourse with joy, and the ministry, wbicb I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God. The rev. gentleman said : "Here is a noble resolve—worthy the man that made it, and the cause for which it was made. We can almost bear the' tri umphant eoho resounding from it, " In all things we are more than conquerors tbrough him that loved us.— For I am persuaded that nothing shall bo able to separate us from the love of God, wbich is in Christ Jesus our Lord." And now although the evening shades were closing around Paul, and his life's labours drawing to a close— although Agabus took Paul's girdle and bound himself with it, and declared, by the Holy Ghost—so shall the Jews at Jerusa lem, bind the man that ownethr this girdle and Bhall deliver him unto the Gentiles— " none of theBe things moved him." He was heedful but of one thing " to finish his course with joy, and the ministry . he had received of the Lord Jesus." And why arose this? Because he was the true servant of the Lord. This Bervice was at once his glory, and his shame in the eyes of all who had formerly been his companions —for they saw no beauty, but only blots and blemishes, in all that appertained to Obrist. Paul alone was won by the beauty and drawn by the love. 1\. Notice the privileges and the duties of the Ministers oPOhriBt. They have to hear from God, and to testify towards men. To'do as Aaron did, to stand between the dead and the living that God's indignation may be: turned from them. Further, they have to do all that they can to reclaim the erring and the lost, and faithfully to hold up Jesus, as the Saviour to all, To plaoe within the reaoh of the perishing and the almost expiring, the band that will extri cate tbem, and bring them safely to the life everlasting. After a rebellion the Minister of the Grown, whose province it is to introduce men to the king, so that be may extend pardon to tbem, possesses a very great privilege indeed; still the clemency of an earthly thing is not so very.muoh. Who has not read of the dying outlaw who ex claimed to the officers sent to apprehend him, " Go, tell your king that I am passing beyond his power. I fear not him while I have the approval of the King of Kings." Pear ye Him, and the very potenoy of your fear, if rightly exercised, will open the flood gates of love, when yon realise what Re hath done. The privilege of the Christian minister consists of this : That it is his province to unfold a Saviour's love, and to explain the mysteries of grace divine. To feed the spiritually hungry, to give tbem medicine for their diseases, to bind up the broken-hearted, and to proclaim the accept able year of the Lord. The highest dignity to be attained by an earthly subjeot is to be an ambassador fo* his sovereign. We have a higher. We are ambassadors for Christ, and as " though (£od did beseeoh.you by us, we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye recon ciled to God." 2\. . Then, in order to discharge (bis duty, there must be an individual knowledge and an unswerving devotion and fidelity. The messenger mast know the message entrusted to him. He must believe its truth, and he must be thoroughly determined not to count his life dear unto himself, so that he may make it known. This must be his language: " I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto; salvation to everyone that believeth." Of course there are difficulties in the way, but we may be of good courage, for where difficulties are there is God. " Great is our strength when great our need." We may almost feel like the veteran commander must have felt when, his junior officer told him that tbeir foes were so numerous that the flight of their arrows would darken the light* cf the sun, and he calmly replied, " Then we shall nght in the shade." Ex peot difficulties, but expeot far more—grade to endure, or strength to overoome. Human exigencies are divine opportunities! The word " impossible" is nowhere to-be fonnd in any lexioon or dictionary which God places in' HiB children's hands. In the ttrait He will provide, and He has only to speak in order that it may be done. Wnen you get just beyond your own power of execution or endurance, so tnac yon ao noc know what to do nor whither to tarn, it is then that the everlasting arms tighten around you and lift you above it all. Ever remember that " the eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting, arms." The joy of the Lord is your strength. Each servant of God is Bimply invineible and invulnerable until God's worki allotted to him, be done, and then, although He may bury His workman, God will still carry on His work. 8\. These facts are deserving of our oon .iideration, and worthy of our trust at all times, and they seem to be very appropriate to our present' occasion—the sixteenth anniversary of my .incumbency of' this parish. By the grace of God, I have oooupied the position of your pastor for a longer period than any that came before me. 'My aim has ever been to testify the Gospel1',of the graoe of God. I am now desirous only to finish my course with joy, and the ministry which I have reoeived of the liord Jesus. But, looking back this j evening'through those 16 years, thisOhuroh seems to be peopled by tboBe who are no longer amongst us. Some have left our district, and some are promoted into God's more immediate preseuce. Glancing through the Registers and Diaries, aB con nected with Penrith only (leaving out entirely St, Marys and St. Alban'u, which Church was built and congregatiou formed in the early part of my pastorate), I find thfct some 2,500 sermons have been preached' and 842 leotures, or addresses, delivered by me. The Baptismal Register shows that nearly 63 pageB, of 11 names in a page, or 854 persons, have been baptized by myself. During the whole of the 16 years only 24 have been baptized by othors than myself. I have married 190 individuals and buried 448\. Sick, and house to house visitations have been more numerous than I care to count, and I find that I have given about 1500 leBsonB to the children attending our ' Public School. And perhaps some may ask, and wiiat have been the'results of all these labours ? Brethren, the results are in God's hand. Ours are the duties ; still, with all humility, I think I may say that His labours, even through me, have not been altogether in vain. There are living evidences, and I venture to think that not a few, who once sojourned here amongst us, are now waiting to welcome their former pastor in glory. It was the custom amongst the ancient Romans when a person set a slave tree, to name bis name upon him. We are not desirous to do this, but we would rather put the name of Jesus on him. From Him came all the grace, to Him be all the glory. Still, my brethren beloved, we would be steadfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, for as muoh aB we know that our labour iB not in the Lord. After gratefully acknowledging the sym pathy, support and consideration he had re ceived universally from all in the district, the preacher concluded by an earnest ex hortation that all would examine well them selves the course they were pursuing. That their hearts might be right with God and that thus they might finish it with joy and enter into the larger life beyond with hope and aonfidence'through Jesus Christ the Lord, so that pastor and people may be one undivided family there. Brief life is here our portion ; Brief sorrow, short lived care; The life that knows no ending, The tearless life, is there. 