A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS'S PINK PILLS. (From the "Australian Workman.") On Thursday nflomoon our representative mado hi way to tlio humblo homo of Mr. Thomaa .Tunis, 45 Crown-lano, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing ft two-year- old baby, and liis face declared him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and frbout r.nd able to nns'.ver tho knock nt tho door. Although pale, and lionvitig still the marks of a criti cal illness nnd a period of pain, it was very clear 'tlmt ho was nn invalid on the rapid road to con valescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, ho said! /'You want to know nil about my cntfe? Well, I am Bind of nn opportunity to tell you. Tho facts may bo of value to those who nro stricken ns I was." "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, nnd I have done nothing sinco then. About five years ago, next Christmas. I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Titt-strect, Sydney. Sinco tlio accident I linvo been in failing health, and after four year of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to givo up my billet at tho Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They wore just about as much as I could bear. They wero for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bor.es in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, nnd conhl neither cat nor sleep. On tlic £!rd March last I saw a well- known doctor, and lie told mo that my case was ut- teily hopeless. However, he gave me an order to Uic Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you muko use of tlie ordor?" "No; I came home nnd went to bed, and have been pretty well iu bed ever since. Five weeks ago' I could not walk across the floor; in fact. I could not get out of lied. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of day when 1 would givo up the ghost. My doctor wa attending me, and did oil ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was in. I was under him for live or six weeks, nc camo to the conclusion that I was suffer ing from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and tlmt I might, never get tlic use of my leg#. (Just then tlio patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw. 1 grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in tho case of another boiler maker in England, which I rend in tho 'Australian Workman' by l>r. Wil liams's Pink Pills for 1'alo People. I read in tlic ad vertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect was ns marvellous as it was mngical. I was able to eat nnd sleep ns though nothing wa the matter with inc. It wa tlic first appetite ami rest I had for many a day. It. was in credible. I immediately left the bed, nnd was aide to move about. I hare taken four boxes of Pink Pilis during tlio past four weeks, nnd am now inking tlio fifth box. I can walk atiout with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. Yon sec those cratches thcie? They arc perfectly new, nnd I have never used thorn. Thoy were made for me before I got tbe Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want tlicm. All 1 want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sec I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent. 1 >ettcr," said Mrs. Jnrvis, who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees. "Tlio Pink Pills have saved liis life and made another man of htm." A friend who called in nt this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that duy than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling has come back Into iny legs. If I keep ou going the way I am I hopo to be able to resume work as n boiler maker, and yon know I havo to be in tlio very piuk of health and strength to work at that trade. I ani hotter to-day tlian 1 have been at any timo during tlie past live years. I nscribo all tho change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in uo pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece thero is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden tho exeruelatiug pain. But they rau stay where they are, for I no longer need tiiem. Eveiyhody who knows mc has been amazed at tlio change in mc. They can hardly bclicvo their eyes. My being about again has caused quito a "Sfcnsation out here." Such is this romarkahlo history, nnd it confirms what is said in all tho chief newspapers of this country of tho astouishing cures wrought by Dr Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis and spinal disease, also tho many disorders which ariso from au im poverished Btatc of the blood, such as anaemia, palo ami sallow comploxiou, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &e.; Air. J. S. T. M'Gowcn, leader of the Labor party in tlic N.9.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter iu connection with tho remarkable case of Thontns Jar vis. Mr. M'Gowcn says he lias known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to givo up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs 12 months ago. owing to a malady which bo developed. no afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was little ciianco of liis recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to tho Sydney Hospital, ns his caso had been prouounced incurable. Air. AI'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone elso who knew tlio facts astounded nt tho complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams's Pink Pills arc obtainable from all leading chemists, or from tho Dr. Williams's Medi cine Coy., Quecn's-placc, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s. fcl., or 4 dozen for lis. 0d. 