HIS ONLY CASE. We were in Markbtm's 4'foug," a little room >to:whichi be was aceostom'edie retire 44 to cool," oa he expressed it,' id iuch odd minutes as a heavy bome- ersctice m riedicina left bim. , Nether by, a surgeon from UwoDdown the street, bad dropjted -in at ton o'clock to smoke & frieodlyipipe with Markbam audmesnd to chat over professional topics, os was our custom. Markbam was reatonremimccenocs and struek out upon tbem as soon as Netbarby, tlrawing bis co&4 foils Ecotcntipufityabout'bioi, bad fettled down into -the dooter's - wicker choir. Wo smoked on iu defcrentlsl-silvnce until Markham had.finished. . 44 Well !" said Nethcrby, with a lpng . pull at- bis pfoe. . 4 l'iq not-mqeh at 4 experiences,' but 'Lli»d ono job out there near 8au Frauoiaco that bas olvrays been en myntind.': : " What was itf" nskcd'-Marktoam in his 'abrupt, way, 'turniqg to pair' of- pfofoiog -little ,grey eyes onNethorby. . . 44 It opcurrt-d-nearlv twwsty.ycargago, before I- settled donn,'' said Ngfoorby, rcmaving his' pipe, and throwing bis tocad back into, a 'rofleotive attitude. " l ba<l :bftd-a fow turns qt sea-os surgeon on aNorth American stoimcr, but threugWa bother Fhad withfoocbief officer Idroppod'it at the end of»n voyage out. I left her at;Frieco.aud»went oh a ramble iuland. I' bad no definite -plan. but l thought it would'be worth wh>le;tsking a turn round the mining district. I had gone through surgery, and -thought, faring an Englishman, there might be a cbanoo about some oMbe mining sottlcmcuts. Lots of work for a saw-bones about there," said Netberby, with a significant nod. . 44 Did yon 'get any?" a&kod; Markbam,- sbarply -again. 41 Ono case— just one.- And«I. didn't like it.- It vrobn't in my branch ut all," Nuthorby replied, trowning at the recollection. 44 1 dropped op a little mining place in the.' bills," ho continued. 44 It was about a hundred miles cast or Ban Francisco. I somehow fancied tbe place, so I stayed them prospecting about two mouths. In three weeks I know- everyone in it worth-knowing. They were ns-dofcrmitial ns you please,' learning that I wns an English surgeon, so I got ou well wilb them. 4II slopped at tho principal qtoro In the town, the keepir of which was -a sharp and» shrewd Yankee, but abdut as good-natured as they' uaako '«ra. 4Ono night after I bad gone to lc lI beard a loud knocking at: the outer door. ' Then there were voices. I could, hear the storekeeper spcakingiharply to somoonoubotit enming at that lata huur. Iu a minute I br&rd.him; approscb- iug nay room. He tmlied out to lenrn whether i: was awake, and on my answering him, told inc « bat ou© of the 'bessrs ' of a mine outside of thc tewn bad come to seo if 1 would go to a man who was dying. There had been a fril of- Mono iu foo workings, and tlio man was bsdlyf injured. A doctor af some kind was with bim,; but tho man bad begged. that they would bring an Englishman to bim as ,' he had; something importuut to' say. The . 4 boss thought he wanted to make a Confession, and- for some reason would only make , it1 to an> Englishman. Yon see, 1 wu« not wonted. pro-: fossionally, so at first I declined to go, Tbe nborekeeper arguod tbu mailer with me, ssyiog, it would look bad if it gob known that I had', rpfused to go and bear a dying man' coofos-/ slon. So 1 got up and dro&scd; and joined tho 4 boss,' and told him to lead the way, 44 Ho fod mo along>tbe solitary main street of tbe place, and focn struck out for the hills. I bad not tbo ghost of an Idea whero we were going, and as the night was dark it was impossiblo to note tbe way. I tried to get aiy companion to talk; bnt after ono or two vogue replies to mysromtorks I left bim alone. He was rifcbor stupidly siillenor so coucorned shout the men that ho was unable to converse luridly. 44 We must havo wnlk&d; for nculvhalf- an hour whun my guide gripped my right wrist and turned mo sharply round, with a curt, 4Kem this way I ' " Still holding my wrist ho wa'ltcd a few pscrs und then stopped. I could sue tbat wo. were by a low building. . Going ou pgiiu uiy guido led me slowly round thn place until yo reached a (foor on foo furfocr side. It was pnrtjy opep, ?nd I could discern n dim light wifoin. ! 4 Ilya? we air,' cxclsi'mcd my compinipn Ipisbiugfoe heavy door open. 4 Hynr's tho Euglecsh surgeon, mebb; 'o'll differ' yrr.' "It was to mining hut of tho roughBsV descrip tion. A small lamp was burning on a IcIqiI of mantle-HbcU', and giving just 'bufiluiont light to make the place miserably dim and Weird. A mun iu tbo garb of a miner wis sjtting on a rough stool by a low couch, a bod upon which I could discern n hamau-foroa. 4 Heuw cs it now, Jose ?' asked" my com panion. . 'Bud!' answered tbo watcher, . bendipg forward to look ut thu fuco ot thu injured m»n,< ; My guide knelt down by tb'o couchl' 4 Ned 1 Hyftr's'thd'Khgloofth'ducfcor. 'E'es como t' byar what yern t' say. Cau yer tolk t»'ni?' ' :_Y ' \ : i I bnd 'grorrii Dccustomrd to foo glodm?' and could diBcorti it face of ilootbly pslcnwi iit tlio rtoist'd eud of the couch: 'As T watohrd -it foo' eyes opeitwl. > ' 1 ? 'Leave dm with tno— lenve us; alone, rftld afaintvoko'i-- !:,; :-' : ' 4 Kcm on, JOsq. L«t's row out. . Leave the doctor .with 'im a bit. . Epm .Pn.!' said my uomr panted, taking hold of t-too wfoobflr'a arm. 4<Tbo msif el onjy rose and left foe vfoin with tpy guide. 1 heiifd fop pondoious door grqto us tbiy rloeed it bobiud fooin, and knnw that 1 was ateuw.wifo foo dyiijg man. ' 44 Can I do anything for you F" I ufood, ijeiiding ovep' to obtain a bettor view of hirn, 4 DraW that stool . up and sit down by me, bo replied in a low voice. ! 14 Let mc rxamino yon first," I said, feeling his right shoulder. . 4 No, ho, not that, bo said testily. 4 You can't do mis any good tbat way. I want you to listen. ' i will,' I replied. 4 Goon..' v 44 Are you an Englishman ?' he askod, turn ing his glassy eyes on my fugs, i 44 Yes, 1 repUpd aflaiq. . 4Tbenlifllou, This'ifl to dying ipon'o cnufes? fiipn» My uamo's Frpuk Moth?80" 1 wpss divcr. j was doing very weL Mo aud my raitcr Tom Thornley, tod boep at it foryeors . wp rro )iko brothers. Bomqtimcs ho went down n»d soqte- tiraefl mo. Wo wore all right' until the girl oatpe, Kate J&uobsoii; her nnme was. Slio was my girl, 1 loved her wtlh all my life./ I was happy, to happy pntil Tom playqd me fshe casdo protence of friendship to Kate,- for old acquiiintnoco sake, bu said, but I saw how -it was going, Hto was making'lovo to her. Ho tookiier from me--my ICato that I would huvo diedto hundred firore for— look her from mo. And'aho left mo for him. ,, 1 wan liko onodel. Everything chsngud, 'AU . thn hop? went but of .. mgr. -I- .:F«to Riiaerabl. nod Wjahed . I doad, . .. And ;.he, p>y pl4 mflfo, Tqpi Thqrnluy, had douo jtrr-pltyod foo falso. jlfnw I .hated liitn! \Vq ,vwi mating , diving tucth/r jnpfc qs .before. Aod they were to bo' marriodrTom and qiy Katiu to bp married. I tvop hqid— mad fur ho hod played mo false. ' Ho had stolon my litve. Bho Was my KstleJ I won hor--hopourqb!y ; ho deotlved m(£--tricbud mo. 0!i, hpw I 'bated h|ni |' .1 wanted to kill bun, for hadn't ho killed 'my foopo— my, life. It Was: all gone. . Ahl'I jroni6mber.,' i ' ( t J -.-- i ' 4 Tfae.inan cloSed his oyos atid-stopped,'' Said narrative, so ! said gently; 4 Have yeu- nothing more to toll me?' In & mioute foe eyes opened again, .Tboy. .wcre-.quitev.wUd: «&d; glaring." I Yes' ho gasped. , They wore to bo married j-my KaMe«aud himmarried.' . tluk I spoiled it. We were dlvlag-atithe old Merlin ou a aight-tide. -It wns Tom's torn to .godown. 1 ijad to sorew bim op and pnmp tcrhim. 'Ho wonkdown. I thought of tbem, married, him and . my.- Katie. 1 was mvd, and I did it. I keptoo tnrning-the Wheel, madly, gloatingly. I knew Tom was gsfoing . no air. > Wo got him ' tjp, dead. I kitted him, 1 Killedfoias, lor be stole my Katto. 1 ' . 4 Then, --I couldn't bear to look onjhev face;' I thoaght'shg.ceuld rgod. qmrdcrien .ogy.brow. Tho form of'Tom -haunted me. I couldn't bear to ho at' foe old place or 'to toufo'thopuinp eri the»gear . again. I darea't foiyvooiio dewn in that dress again for the world. I would havej met -him> down tborojust as he-riieJ. Iran ffomfoo coabtry,' pewit's allover4: J-ean dfo.i . You Vo'hesrd everything. Leave medcave mo lip peace.' . ' . ' | "His oyeselosedraud hishedTenoverholp. .teasly to bis left side. He hadspeo t-himfol f tpon.his narrative. I stepped'softly/to foe door :aiid:psrtly dpeiiecttt: Tho noimforbdght bWck /ri»y -gaido-and- Jose. iTearaed frcmi 'them that .tho man was badly cnisbod -.abouttefag; lower port offofe'bpdy ud that the. iniue a. doctor bad-; tpldtebem be wouhbuat'live Uirnughthe pight, hut that he would corao back aud'seo -him.. Finding how marly he was -gone, <1- did not attempt to' tenth bim, especially- ts .1 bad cot- been asked t.o reader any professional service. " My guide conducted me back tofoo town-. over tbe same unknown way wtrhadpravollod to i the cabin. Promising to let mctruowdiow tbe. mau went on, ho left mo bytbe stere at which'I was lodging. Boforol roso iutbetnoVtring'foo otorc-kcejjcr caineto my reoni4with0the;rinifor- maiiontbatlhoia«ujI>hadvi8ite(kw»8'«tead.'>', <4Yoa areithc only ltving'orcatureowbo ever heard his story 'from -my lips;" said Nethcrby. knocking tho ash out of his pipo .and'riaiog to; go homo. ; 