THE WOMAN WITH THE HOOD K'PUBlLiISHED BY iSEECIAL ARR ANGE - ... : - iMENT.) . : BY L/ T. MEADE, - Author of "The. Medicine jjady,".- "iStories- from the Diary; "of a- -Doctor,'.' "Dr. Rumsey's Patient,"- &ic.;, &c.; ' fCOPTSRIGIHT.) "it Vas' laf e tri I.thia'. October of ..a; certain year 'when' I- was ' asked .to- , become "local!. Itenens" Itp ra ccointry . practitioner ;ln one of (iie Midland counties. He ivtis taken HI ond- obltged to leave- home 1 hastily. 1 Isthereiflere. entered on my 'duties without; haying any. Indication of ithe sor.t of patients -whohi I was- to visit. I was.a young man at the time, and a great enthusiast with regard' to the me dical profession. ' I belieyed In personal in fluence -and) the magnetism of a strong per sonality as -being . all -conducive to the fur therance of the curative art. I had no ex perience, however to. .guide me with, regard, to country: patients, my work hitherto having been amongst tihe birge population of a man ufacturing .town. 'On the very might of my arrival' my first. experience as a country doc-' tor began.1 I had just got into bed, and- was dbzing off into a soiu.nd slleep, when the night bell which hung in' my roota hang pretty sharply.- I'jumped v.p and went to the tube, calling down to ask what was -the -matter. "Are you- the-new doctor?" asked the voice. "Yes; my mame 3s Bruce; who wants me?" "Mrs. Frayjlng at Garth Hall. The young lady is very had. I have got a trap here; how soon can you. be; ready?" "In a couple of miniutes," I answered. I hastily got into my .clothes, and in less' than five minutes . had mounted beside a rough- looking man, Into a! high gig. .He touched the horse, who bounded off at great'- speed, and I found myserjf rattling through, the country in the. dead of night. "How far off Is the. Hall?" I asked. - , . "A matter of two miles," was the reply. "D6 you know anything of the nature of the young lady's illness?" "Yes, I. do; it's the old tiling." "Can you not -en-lighten me?" I asked, see ing that the jn-an had shut up his lips and employed -himself flicking- his horse with the end of his Jong whip.. The beast flew on. faster and faster, .the man turned and fixed Ihls eyes full uponlme lii the moonlight. "They'll tell you when .you get there," he said. I'All I -ca-n say is-'that you will do no good— no o'tie can— the, matter alni'-t In our province.; We are turning' Into the avenue now: you will; soon -know for yourself.". ' We dashed down-, a long, avenue, and' drew up In a couple of moments at a door sheltered by a big, porch.,! saw. a tall lady In evening dress standing- lit the, brightly lighted 1 hall within. "Have you brought the doctor, Thompson?" I hettrdt her say Ito the man who had drlveit me. "Yes, ma'am," was the reply. "The new doctor— Doctor Bituce." "Oh! Then Dr. Mackenzie has really left?" "He left this morning, -ma'am. I told you bo."_ ' I heard her utter a slight sigh of dis-' Bppolnltment. '.'Come, -this .-gay,, Dr.. Bruce," she said. "I am sorry to have troubled you." She led me as- she spoke across the hall and into a drawing-room of lofty dimensions, beautifully furnished in modern style. It was now between one and two in the morn ing, but the whole' house was lit- up as if the night were several hours younger. Mrs. Fra-yllng wore a black evening dress, low to the neck and with demi sleeves. She had dark "eyes and :a beautiful kindly face. It looked haggard now and alarmed. "The fact is," she said, "I have sent for you on g most extraordinary mission. I do not know that I should have troubled a strange doctor, but I hoped that Dr. Mac kenzie had not yet' left.", "He leCt this miornl'ng," I said. "He was very ill; a case of nervous breakdown. He could iiQt even wait to glve,.me instructions with regard to my -patients." "Ah, yes," she said, averting her eyes from mine as she spoke. "Our doctor used to be as hale a man as could be fo.und in the country round. Nervous breakdown; I thinlc I understand. T hope. Dr. Bruce, .that you are not -troubled by nerves." "Certainty- not," I answered. "As fair as I am concerned they don't exislt. Now what can I do for you, Mrs. Frayling?" "I want you -to see my daughter. I want you to try and quiet her terrors. Dr. Mac kenzie used to -be able "to do so, but of late—" "Her terrors," I said. "I must ask you to explain further." "I am going to do so. ; My daughter, Lucy, she is my only child, is sorely troubled by the appearance of an apparition." I could scarcely forbear from smiling. Your daughter wan'ts change," I said, change of scene and air." "That is itihe queer thing," said Mrs. Fray- ling; "she will not take change,, nothing will induce her to leave Giarth Hall; and yet liv ing here is slowly but surely .bringing her either to her grave or- to a. worse fate — 'that «f a lunatic 'asylum.- She nvent to bed to night as -usual, but a-n hour afterwards I was awakened by 'her screams; I ran to lier room iand found her sitting up In bed, trem bling violently. Her eyes were fixed on a certain .part -of. the 'room; they were wide open, and had a ioolc of the most horrified agony In 'thtem which I have never .seen In the humam face. She did -not see me when I went Into the- room,, but when I touched her hand she clasped it tightly." " 'Tell her ito go, away;, mother,-' .she said, sh-e won't stir for mo; I cannot speak to her, I have not courage, and she Is waiting for me to speak; -tell her to go away, mother —tell her to -cease to trouble -me— tell her to gO.'" I-:''- ' "I could see nothing, Dr. Brucp, but she continued to stare- just towards the foot of her bed, and described 'tihe terrible thing which was troubling her. . , " 'Oan't you sfee her yourself?', she said.' 'She Is, a d-ead . woman, and 'she comes here night tufter night— see iher yellow face — o.h, mother, rteil her 'to. go — tell her to go.!' "I did;, what; I could -for my poor child, hut -no wonds of mine- could -soothe or reassure her. The room '"was bright with flrellghjt, and there were several' candles - burning — I 'S,ilot»see,',?: sou1' '-A-'t . last fiKe .poor girl SSf i? 'terror. ,1 then, sent % mes senger for Dr. Mackenzie. . she. dies mow a?er, b?d' our fa nurse is, sitting ravJJi sl!e is terribly weak, and drops' of sba-nding on-, her forehead., She cannot long: e.ontiiiu© this awful strain." S11131 a ?asre of 'delusion," I ' said. . Y»u say you . saw, nothing, in the -room-?" ,,, 'Nothing; but it 'Is . only righit -to tell you «this house Is hiaunited." \- fidgeted in my chair, knmv," staid (Mrs. Fr-aylincr "that you naturally do not , believe In Zta and iaipparItIons, but perhaps you would -change Your mind if you lived long at Garth Hall I- have iM ved here for the -last -twelve years! i:ertol?'y 'testify to -the fact of .ihav- .lng. heard most unaccountable sounds but I .have -never seen anything. My daughter Ducy, has been educated abroad, and did iffliot come -to. Garth Hhll- to live until three months ago; - it was soon after this -that th» apparition began to appear to iher. No-w i J? tr torment, and It 'Is simply killlnr her, and yt she reifuse .to cro Ev«rv sj>e says to me, .'I know, mother -that that om-tful , spirit is In feaPful' trouble, and perhaps to-night I 'may have .the Courage to ' speak 'to it,' but flight- after nlglht much the same thing takes : P,lact: the poor child endures the 'agony un til shte. faints- right off, land c;icli day 'her nerves are weaker and her whole strength more completely shattered." ' ii'TS1!; '1,1'111/0 up now and see the pa tient, I said. It Is of course nothing what ever but a case of strong delusion, and lagainst her will, Mrs. Frayling, it is your duty to remove your daughter from this house immediately." - "You will tell a different story after you have seen her," said tihe mother. She rose as she spoke and' conducted me up some shallow bright-looking' stitdiirs. She then led me Into a large bedroom on the first landing. The Are burned brightly in the grate, and foiur or five candles stood about in different directions. Their light fell full upon the form of a very young, ami extreme- lj beautiful girl. , Hier face was as white as the ' pillow on which it rested; her eyes were shut, and the dark fringe of her long- eyelashes rested on her cheeks; her hair was tossed over the pil low; her hands, thin to emaciation,' lay1 out side the coverlet; now and then her fingers worked Convulsively. \v Bending gently forward I took her wrist' between my finger. and thumb. .The pulse was very faint and slow. As I was feeling it she opened her eyes. ' "Who are- you?" she naked, looking at me without any alarm, - and with only a- very languid curiosity -in her tonie. "I am the new doctor who has come in Dr. Mackenzie's place," I answered. "My name is Bruce." ' ' . She gave mc- just the gliost of a smile'. "Mine is not a case for the doctor," she said. "Mother has told you what trophies' me?" "Yes." I answered; "You are very nervous and. must not be alone. I will sit with you a little." v "It makes no difference whether you are here or not," she said.'. "She -will come back again. In about an hour.- You may or may not see her. She -will certaihiy come, and then my awful terrors will begin again." 'Well, we will wait for her . together," I said, as cheerfully as I could. I moved a chair forward as I spoke and sat down by .the bedisicte. Miss Frayling shut her eyes with a little Impatient -gesture. I motion-ed to Mrs. Fray ling to seat herself not far away; and -going deliberately -to som©' of the- candles- put them out. The light no longer -tell strongly on the bed — the patient .was In shadow. I hoped she might fall into reiilly deepislum- ber and not awaken till' the morning light had banished -ghostly -terrors. She certainly seemed to have sunk into gentle a-nd calm sleep; -the expression of her face -seemed 'to smooth ouit, her browwas no longer corru gated with anxious wrinkles— gentle smiles played about her lips. She looked like -the child she was. I guessed, as I watched her that her years could not.humber more than seventeen or eighteen. - "She is .better," said Mrs. Frayling. "She may not -have another attack to-night." As she spoke she rose, and tolling me she would return 3n a few -minutes left the room. She -and I were the only watchers by the sick girl, the servants having retired to bed. Mrs. Frayling went to fetch something. She ihad scarcely done so before I was conscious of a complete change In the aspect of the room- it had felt home-like, warm, and comfortable up to this moment; now I was distinctly con scious of a sense jf chill. I cotfld -not ac count for my sensations, but most undoubt edly my heart beglam to beat more qulck-ly \- itih-an was quite iagreeable; I felt a creeping sensation-' down my back— the cold seemed to grow/greater. .... . , , ' I said', to myself, "The fire wants replenish- ing, put X naa an .liusuicuuiHiiiun; to stirring; I did not even want to turn my ,he!ad. At the same momeMt Miss Frayling, who : had been sleeping so peiacefuilly, -began evidently to dream. . Her face worked with agitation;- she suddenly- opened her eyes and uttered a sharp, piercing cry. "Keep her back," she said, flinging out her arms, as. if she wanted to ipush some thing from her.. " . I started up instantly, and went to the kAt ith'is moment Mrs. Frayling ciime into the room. The moment she dtd -so -the sense of chill and unaccountable horror letf me: the room became once -more warm and lvome-llke. I looked at the fire; it was plied u-d high in the grate, and was -burning mer rily Mis" Frayling, however, did not share my ipleasanter sensations. "I said she would come back, she ex claimed, pointing with her finger to the foot looked in that direction, but co-uld see " "Gah?t you see her? Oh, I wish you couid see iher" she cried. "She stands there at the foot of the bed; she wears a Wood, and her face is vellow. -She has been- dead a long time, and I know she wants to say some, thing. I cannot speak to her. Oh, tell ae\ to go away; tell -her -to go away. "Shut your eyes; Miss Frayling; do not Then I turned a-nd boldly faced thel omipty space where the excited girl had seen the ap- PVWhoevter you are leave us now," I said hi an authoritative voice. '1We ore not ( pre- oared for you to-night. Leave us now. 1V> my surprise Miss Frayling ga.ve.tL glee- TOhshe has gone," she excflaimied, in a voice of relief. "She walked out of the door —I saw her go. I don't believe she will come b£ck at present. How queer! Then you did see her. Dr. iBr-uce?" , "No!" I answered, "I saw nothing. "But she heard you; she nodded -her head once and then went. IShe will <rTf again, of course: but perhaps mot ,o-®'Cht. I. don't feel frightened any longer. I believe 1 She'snugglcd down under the bedclothes. "Have soime of this beef-tea-. Hucy. said her mother, bringing a cup up to_ the bed side, It was 'steamimg hot,; she had gone a"?es!0I feeaint and humigry." repl'ed the gii-a- she raised her pretty head and allowed her mother to feed and pet" here _ " "I am much better, she said. A.11",?? she won't come back again to-night, you .need not stay with me any . longer, Dr. Bv!ll stay with her, doctor; you must lie down In another room," said -the mother. . I consented to go as far as the ante-room. There was a comforable sofa there, and i scarcely laid my 'hlead upon, It before I fell into a sound slumber. - _ ... (Wlhen I awakened it was broad dayl1ghx< and Mrs. Frayling was standing over me. "Lucy is muoh better and , is, getting up, she said. "She looks almost herself. 'What an extraordinary effect your words had, Dr. Bruce." . „ _ "They came as a sort of Inspiration. I said; "I did mot mean them to be anything special." .. "Then you do not 'believe that she reafljy saw the apparition." 'Certainly not; her brain is very muoh ex- otted and overwrought, .You ought to take (her away to- day." u ' ' "That is the queer thing," said Mrs. Fray ling. "I told you that she would not con sent to leave the house, believing, poor child, (that her -mission was to try and comfort this awful ghost in case, she could summon courage to speak to it. She told me t'hls morning however that she was quite willing to go and suggested that we should sleep at the Metropole In town to-night.'-' , - "The -best thing possible," T said. "Take her away immediately. Give Iher plenlty of occupation and variety, and , let ' her see heaps of cheerful people. She will doubtless soon get over her terrors." "It- is very strange," repeated Mrs.' Fray ling. "Her attitude of mind seems complete ly altered. She wishes Ito see you for -a mo ment before you leave us. I will meet you In the breakfast-room,. In a .quarter -of an hour, Dr. Bruoe." . . > ... I' made a- haejty toilet and followed Mrs. Frayling downstairs. We ate "breakfast ' al- moslt in 'silence, and- just before the meal: -was over Miss,, Frayling made. Bier- appear-; ance. She was a vjry slightly-built. glri;/tall and graceful as a reed. She came straight1 up to mo. "I don'-t know how to thank you," she said, holding out her (hand. "Why;?';. I asked In astonishment. "I am 'glad-I was able to relieve .you, but I, am :rather puzzled to know what grealt thing I really did." . ".Why,, don't: you know?" she answered. 'Can't you guess? She will come to you now. I don't believe she will. trouble me any more.' "Well, I ami stronger ito receive her than you are," I said, smiling and trying to hu-: mour the girl's fancy. Soon after I took my leaive and returned' to Dr. Mackenzie's house. I spent tllie day without anything special occu-i-ring.andln Ithe evening, being dead tired, went to bed as usual. ' Dr. Mackenzie's house was an |es-: sentlally modern one. Anything less ghostly than the squarely-bullt ehqe-rful rooms could' scareely be imagined. I was alone in the : Ihouso with tho exception of his servants. ! went to bed, and had scarcely laid my head on 'the pillow before I. was sound asleep. I waq, suddenly-awakened out of my first! slumbers by someone calling to me through the spealdngrtube. - -'"Yes,: I will oonie immediately!" I answer ed., : I sprang out of bed And applied my ear to the tube. "You. are wanted at Garth Hall," said the voice. - "But surely there is no one ill there to- nlghlt?" I said. - "You are wanted immediately; come with out delay," was the reply. "I will ITe with you in a minute," I an swered." " ; - I felt almost annoyed, but tfliere wasi no help- for it. ..I ihurrled into my clothes and- went downstairs. "How very silly of Mrs. Frayling not to have taken her daughter away— shall I have to go through a repiltitlon of last night's scene over again?" I thought. I opened film hall door, expecting to see a horse and gig, and this man who had driven me the night before. To my astonishment there was not a, soul In slg'ht. , "AVlhat cani this mean?" 1 said to myself. Has the messenger been careless enough not to bring a trap— it will be very trouble some if I hove to get my own honse out at this hour— where can the man be?" I looked to right and left— the night was a moonlit one— there was not. a. nmii in Yery'tnueh provoked, but never for a mo ment doubting that I was really summoned, I went off to the stables, saddled Dr. Mac-, Itenzies tttorse, Rover, and mounting, rod1 off to. Garth Hall. The hour was quite lato, between twelve and one o'clock. When I drew up at (Jhe door the house was in total darkness. "What can this mean?" I said to myself. I rang abell fiercely, and after a long time a servant put her head out of an open Window. "Who Is there?" she asked. "I — Dr. Bruce," I cried. "I. have been- sent, for in a hurry to see Misfs Frayling." "Good Lord!" T heard the woman exclaim. "Wait a minute, sir, and I will come down to you," she shouted. In acouple of minuses the great hall door was urt'halnnd and unlocked, and a respect able middle- aged woman stood oh th'e. steps. "Miss Fraying has gone to London with her mother," she said. "You are quite certain you were sent for?" "Quite," I answerd. "Your man— the man who came last night — " "Not Thompson!" she cried. "Yes, the same man ealied for me through the speaking! tube to come 'here at once— he said Miss Frayling was ill, and wanted me." "It must have been a hoax, sir," said the housekeeper, but' I noticed a troubled: and perplexed. look on her face. "I am very sor ry indeed,, but Miss Frayling Is not here — we do not expectt.he ladles back for some weeks," she added. . "I am sorry I troubled you," I answered; I turned my horse's head and went home again. ' Tho next day I set Inquiries on foot with regard to the hoax which ihad been played upon mew Whoever had done. the -trick, no one was ready to own to It, and I noticed : that the servants looked mysterious and nodded their heads when I said it was to . Garth Hall I had been summoned. The next night the same thing occurred. My might bell was rung and a voice sho-uted to m« through tho epeak'lng-itube to come lmedtately to Garth HaM. I took no notice whatever of .the trick, but determined to lay a .trap for the Impertinent intruder on mv repose for the following night. I had a very savage -dog, and I -tied him outside the house. My 'housekeeper also agreed to sit up. Between -twelve and one -o'clock I was -call ed again. I flew to imy window and looked out. There was n-o-t a. soul in sight, but a queer sense of Indescribable chill and un accountable horror took sudden possession of me. The dog was crouching down on- the ground with 'his 'face hidden in his paws; he was moaning feebly. I dressed, went down stairs, 'unchained him, and 'brought/ him uip to my room. He crept on to my bed and lay there -trembllpg; I will owfl to the fact that his master shared the unaccountable horror. What was the- matter? I dared not answer this question even to myself. Mrs. Marks, my housekeeper, looked very solemn ' and grave the next morning. "Sir " sh-e said, wlvon she brought In breialc- fast "If I were you I would go away from here' 'There Is something very queer at -the Hall, and it seems to mo— but there, I can not sneak of It. "There are 'some things best not spoken of," I said shortly; "whoever is iplaying me a hoax thus mot chosen to reveal himself o.r herself We can best tire the -unlucky indl- .vlduial out by taking no notice." "Yea, sir, perhaps that Is best. Now, I havo got some news for you." "What is that?" I asked. '">s. and Miss Fnaybtwr returned to itho ,'«Oll this morning." ' - "This miornlng!" I exclaimed, in laStonisli- _ meat, 'Ibut It is -not yet nine o'clock." . '.'Tl-ue, sir, but early as the hour is' they .phased this house not half an hour ago. In the closed brougham. Miss Frayling looked very white, and the good Indy, -her mother, full-' of anxiety. I otuiglht .a e'Untpve of ithem as I was cleaning the stops; I doubt not," sir, . 'but you will be summoned to .the Rail to day. " . . "Perhaps so," I 'answered -briefly. . Mrs. Marks looked at ine as if she would day.- something further, but refrained, and to my- reU-ef soon afterwards left me alone. -I: finished my breakfast and went 'out about my' daily rounds. I do -mot think myself destitute of 'pluck, but I cm.n.not pre- .tend.that I liked the present .position. -What \va-s 'the mystery? , Will at horrible dark joke Was being played? With my heailthy bring- lnghip.T could not really ascribe the tiling to , supernatural . agency. A -trick there was, I | of course. I vowed -that I would.find 'it out ; before I ivtas biiich older, but then I remom- tiered the chill and t-h» terror which hod aa- sailed me' when sitting -up witih Miss Fnay- .ilh-g.' , The. same chill and terror had come -oVer me wih/ri I suddenly-opened. my window, . -the- .night before. . ! ("Th'e best thing I cah do Is not to think of .this,": I comim en-led, and then I absorbed myself with my patients. ' .Nothing occurred of any moment that day, nor was I summoned to attend the ladles, at Gart'h Hall. About tern, o'clock 'tlhat night I Iliad to go out to attend a farmer's wife who was suddenly taken 111. I sat with Iter for a little time, and did not return till about half-past eleven. I then went straight up to .my room and went to, bed. I had scarcely fklllen' Into my 'first slumber wihen I wias aroused by the sharp ringing of my night ball. I felt Inclined for a moment not ;to pay the least attention to it, but as It rang again with a quick Imperative sound I got uip, more from the" mere force of blaibit than any thing else, and ic-alllng through the speaking tube applied my oar -to It. . "Dr. Bruce, will you come at once to Garth Hall?" called a voice. '"No, I will not," I coined back In reply. There was la pause below, evidently of as tonishment — and then the voice called again. 'I don't thlm-k you quite understand, sir. Mrs. Frayling wants you to visit Miss Fray ling Immediately; -the young lady is very 111." I was about to, put the cap on the tube and return to my bed when I distinctly heard the crunch of wheels beneath any window and file pawing of an Impatient horse. I crossed the room, threw open the window o.nd looked oiit. A horse and gig wore now standing un der tho window, and the mini, Thompson, Who had summoned me on the first night, was staring up at me. "For. God's sake, come, sir," he said. "The young lady Is mortal had." "I will be w I tilt you In a minute," I Said I dressed myself, treimbling. In an Incredibly short space of time Thomp son and I arrived at -the Hall. Through our entire drive the man never spoke, but when we drew up at the great porch he uttered a , heavy sigh of relief and 'muttered the words "The devil is in this business. I don't pre tend to understand It." I looked at Mm, but resolved to take no no tice of Ills queer remark. Mrs. Frayling met nie on the steps. "Come in at once," she said. She took both .my hands ;in hers and drew m,e Into the house. (We entered iher cheerful drawing- room. The poor lady's face .was ghastly, her eyes full not only o,'f trouble, but' of horror. "Now, -Dr. Bruice,",s.he said, "you must do .your best.!' ' : "Inrwhlait, way?" I said. "I fear , my poor girl Is mad. Unless you can miipqge. to refieve 'her mind . she certain ly will 'be- By morning." . "Tell, me what has happened. since I last saw you as briefly as possible,' I said. "I .will do so," she replied. "Acting ' on your instructions Lucy and X went to the Metropole. She was quite happy on the first day, but In the middle of tihe night grew very much disturbed. She and I were sleep ing .together: She awakened me and told "to that the apparition at Garth Hall was pulling her— that the woman In the hood was imperatively demanding her presence. " T know what has happened,' said Lucy.- Dr. Bruce has refused to help her. She has gone to him but he won'lt resound to her efforts to bring him on the scene. How cruel ho Is!" "I soothed the poor child as best I could and towards morning she dropped off asleep. The next .night she was in a skill greater state of terror, again assuring me -that tihe lady In the hood was drawing her,' and that ycu, Dr. Bruce, were turning a deaf ear to her enlireaties. On the third night she be came almost frantic. « "u"1, mHst ® baek'' she said. 'My spirit being torn out of my body. If I am not iashafl dle" 1 Cally in Ule mol'nlnST ,, A1!;1' d'-tress and horror were so extreme ,, r u u) 'iiumour ner. We took -the very earliest train from London, and arrived at the Hall at nine o'clock. During the day wl!iCAA'a?Aieni and subdued; she seemed relieved at being baek again, told me that she would go early to bed and that she a S0d night. About an hour ago I heard her screaming violently, and - rushing to iher room, found her In al- niort a state of collapse from hltrror— she J®. Pn ting In a certain direction, but birrv /n- speak. I sent Thompson off in a w.niYv oy ,; B00n ever 1 said I would do so she became a little better, and sald( she would dross herself. It Is her ln- tentlonnow to ask you Ito spend the nlglit with lis, -and, If possible, speak again to the amadhousen" Wh'Ch 'S drlvInE ,ny chlId lnt0 tell you somebltlng strange," I said, \\\hen Mrs. Frayflng paused. "I was un,- doubtedly called during the last three nights desTrinrr thro"Kh >ny speaking-tube m'ii- HF ?eTto 00me 1:0 Garth Mall. On the lhst night I went feeling sure thalt I was eda|thatU|f1w0nea\ Sin<7,e' tllcn 1 have bollov- ou itnat.lt was a hoax. il'ithls is awful," said Mrs. Frayling. I'ns1 excessively; she turned and asked hr uPstaJrs. We entered Ithe same spacious and cheerful bedroom; Lucv flota nr thl nW, pnclnl up and 'J own In flont of the flreplace; she did not notice m W fUS whcn w,e came In, the expression on her face was almost tlhat of an Insane Sfiated Pupils of her eyes were widtly Brueo0"'" 8aJd lher mother» "here is Dr. n ,wihei A?u1ed v"heni W name was mentioned and looked at me lixeidy. Her eyes grew dark wlLh anger — she clenched her hand Tou,were faithless," she said; "she want- ea. you,,- and you would not accept the bur- At!1,' Moil -.told nie when I last saw you that yoU were glad she had turned to you, for coward?" stroneer tlian- mc, buit you are a ."Come, come," I said, trying to speak y 1 am hlere now, and will do anything you wish." „ J'1111 Prove you," said Miss Fraylihg. in an eager voice; "she- will come again pre- her' ,en se corncs, will you speak to "Certainly," i replied, "but remember I may -not see her. ' yu when she appears; I will poIn<t with my hand — I may not have po wer to utter words— but will point to where she stands. When I do, spoak to her; ask her why she troubles us— promise — you spoke once, speak again." "I promise," I replied, and my voice sound ed solemn and intense. Miss Frayling heaved a, deep sigh of re lief; she went and stood by the mantelpiece with her back to the lire. I sat down on the l-earest chair, and Mrs: Frayling followed my example. Tho clock ticked loudly on the mantelpiece, the candles burned with a steady gleam, the fire threw out cheerful flames, all was silent In the chamber. There was not a stir, not a sound. The minutes flew on. Miss Frayling stood as quiet as If she were turned Into stone; suddenly she ex okc. "There Is an adverse Influence here," she said. "Mother, will you go Into the ante room. You can leave the door open, but will you stay in the ante-room for a little?" Mrs. Frayling glanced at me; I nodded to her to comply. She left the room, going into a pretty little boudoir out of which the bed room opened. I could see her from where C ,&&t;> Lucy now slightly altered her t'.c:-.:i. I I saw that her eyes were fixed In thedirectlbn of another door, which opened from the- out side corridor Into the room. I tried- to speak, to. sity something- cheerful, but she held up iter finger to stop me. "She is coming," she said, in a stifled voice. "I feel the first stirring of tihte' indc- -sciTbdble- agnny_ which always heralds her approach. Oh, my God, help ine to endure. Was ever girl to-rtur'ed as 1 «m befonei?' Sho wrunig her slight hands, her brows were knit, I saw the perspiration standing in great drops on her 'brow. I it bought she ..would faint, and . wns .about to rise to ad minister some restorative, when In the far distance I distinctly (heard a sound; .lit was th'e sound of a woman's footsteps. , It canto along, sot'tly tapping on the floor as It came; : I heard tie swish- of a dross, Ithe sound came nearer, the handle of the door was -turned, :I started and looked , round. I did not see anybody, . hut 'lmmedtnltely the room wan ; ; filled with that sense of cold and clilll which . I-' Ihad twice before experienced. My heart bc-at to suffocation, I felt , my tongue, cleave to tho roof of my mouth. .I waa so overpower ed by my own sensations -t,liat I had 110 time >t-j watch Miss 'Frayling. Suddenly I hoard' her utter a low groan.. I made ,n. violont effort and' turned :riiy face In her dlredtlon. . The .poor girl was staring straight before her as if she were -turned Into stone. 1-Ier eyeb wore fixed In. (the direction "of the door. She raised her hand slowly und tremblingly, and pointed .'In the direction whore lier'oycs were fixed. I looked aoross the room. Was It fancy, or was I coiioteldus of a faint blue mist whore no 'mint ought to he? I am not certain on that point, bull. I know at the same momenlt the horror which hud almost overbalanced my reasoil -suddenly loft mo. I found my voice. ' "AVlmt do you want?", I said. "Why do you trouble us? Wlnit- is tho matter?" ' Tho words had scarcely passed my Hps before Miss. Frayllng's l'ttco underwent a queer change; she waii also relieved from the agony of terror which was bvermaoltorlng lior. "She is beckoning," she said; ','oome quick ly." / Sho sprang across tho room nu she spoke, and seized a candle.- "Come at once," fslie- said, in a breathless voice, 'she Is beckpniiig— -come." ' , ' Miss Frayling ran' out bf' the roorh; I fol lowed her, and Mrs. Frayling who had eonw Ito the- door while this -strange set-tie was ito In «' o'J. accompanied us. Miss Frayling ?ri. taking the lead; we wont downstairs. The whole house was 'full of strange unac- countable cllilll. We entered the upper hall, and then Iturnlng -to our left, went down some steep stairs which led Jnto a cellar. "Where are we going?' askc-d Mrs. Fray ling. ' "Come on, mother, conre on," culled- Lucy, "she will tell us what to do." We turned ait tho foot of the stairs imto a low larohied room with- one tiny window. There was a heavy buttress of wall hero Which bulged out In an unaccountable nVain- ner. Tho momen't we entered this room Lucy turned and faced us. "Sho has gone In itliere," alto said— "right into the wall." "Wtell," 1 said, "now 'tlna.t we- h'ave follow ed her, let us go back— It la very ©old in .the cellar." Miss Frayling laughed 'hy3tlorically. "Do you -think," she said, "tlutt I will go back now. Wo must .have itliis win 11 'opened —can you do It, Dr. Bruce? .Clxn you do It -now, 'this moment? Mother, are 'tlvero 'tools anvwlhcre?" . . "Not now, doer, net 'to-night," Said the , tmo i-hifiv. r "Yq3,. to-mlglit, tlils moment," exclaimed the 'girl., "Let Thompson be c'allted— wo have not a moment to lose. £'<h© went In right 'through jlh Is wall, and. smiled at me as she: vvenit. -Foor, poor gliost! I believe 'her aad wanderings are nearly over."-.' "Whiat 'are we to do?" said Mrs. Frayling, turning to m-o. "We will open the wall 'at onee," I said. "It villi not be difficult to remove a few bricks, ir you will kindly, tell me where Thompson Is I will fetch him." "No; I will 'go for "lilm myself," s'ald Mrs. Frayling. . Sho left -the cellar, returning In- Hive space of a -few .minutes with tho man. T-Ie brought la crowbar and other 'tools with him. -He and I quickly removed -some 'bricks. As soon, as we lvad done so we found an -empty space In side. into which wo conhl thrust our hands. We' nitade it a little larger,, and then wove able to Insert in candle. Lying' on the floor within lihls space -wins n human -skeleton. T cried out oit the lawful discoverv wo had made, but Miss Frayling showed neither sur prise- nor -terror. "Poor gliost!". repented I he. girl: "alio will rest now. Ittw."s worth oil this fearful suf fering to bring iher rest o.t.lan!." The discovery of 'the sVeletpn was the tonic of the neighbourhood. Tt'-vn.i given Chris tian burial In due courlsei. end from that hour to this the ghost ia/t Garllh Hall has .never appeared. ' , . I elnn.not .protend to n commit ifnr this story In any way— no one has ever found out w.hv those human bones were built into 'the old wall. The whole thing Is cin.'cr and una"- countii-blofl a r'Miovcnon which '-vlll not bli ctrplalned on this side -of Eternity. "The devil is in this business," muttered Thompson. " I will toll you something strange," I said. , 