Balmy Bill. Never=Never Yarn. '•Well, sit down and tell me al about it, Dick. I saw a telegram in the newspapers, but it was si) meagre ia detail that I could scarcely make bead or tail out of it." I was talking to Dick Meadows Dick was a surveyor's assistant, a ""tCStidcriiig devil-may-cnre B.A., who had just returned from a trip up in the north-west. The information tliat I sought was about a strange friend of mine, wJw had been one of his companions on the journey. This friend was by name, Bill Frascr. Dick settled himself down on the bed, for we were in onr own old room in a boarding-house, where bed-room chairs are « luxury seldom seen, and started— " Well, there's not much to tell, old in; ii, and it's rather a sad story, but I'll do my best." Here follows liis statement :— , Von know all about t'ie trip, so there is no need for nie to go into those particulars. Well, it strnck me from the very start that Bill was a little hit "touched" He had strange, melancholy ways about hiui,wouldn't " pal" in with any fellows in the camp, and for a while searecly spoke a word to any of us But, After a rshort time, I noticed that every other week or so he would pick out someone and tell him the most yrntsoine graveyard yarns that ever was man's lot to listen to. I was his confidant on many of these occasions, and it seemed to me that some of his flightsof imagination out-rivalled Edgar Allan Poe. As « matter of fact he used to carry a volume of Poo's stories always with him, and often talked of lite Mack Cat and Th^Af-im/ue of the lie.i D<a'!t, though he had lived through the scenes, ami had been seised by the same spirit. At these times he was perfectly horrible. You had given me many accounts of his strange vagaries over on the other side, and he ti Id me so much himself, at times that he became interesting, and I studied his character. It was the strangest study I c\er made in my I found thatTjust he came* tie-' pressed so did lie become excited, but not by any means in tlie same proportion. Moreover, his excitement worked him up in a very peculiar manner. There was nothing jiigli or noble in it. Under its influence he was prompted to sing—away out in bush far from camp—songs of the most vile character, in tlie meanwhile dancing around like one possessed, often mine across him in these moods, and was almost ashamed to think that he was a man. Then there would come .periods of deep contrition - periods in whiaTt he worked himself into su^. fraAies of mind that he thought^uijM'were bad as he. Day after nay he would walk around the camp the picture of abject despair. After that came the gruesome stories. Thus by watching him closely I found that the ruling forces of his nature were—depression, seini-depres as sion, and exultation. He had110 such tiling as H normal condition ; and to show that others in the c!inip noticed his strangeness, J might say that he was known amongst us as " Balmy Bill f while the cook, a cynical old fellow with a deep knowledge of the world, and a decided taste for colloqualism, endorsed this epithet with the oft-repeated statement that not only was he "balmy,'" but "balmy as a buck-ant." Now, as it was stated for a fact that the cook had once got drunk and laid himself down upon an ant hill to sleep, tlie probabilities are that he knew something about them, and could speak with a degree of certainty. However, I shall not trouble you with other people's impressions. It seemed to me that when we started, and the weather was cool, Bill's periods of depression were short, and at times for several days he would touch an almost normal state. As the cool months passed, however, and the •weather became sultiy and hot, they became more frequent and lasting, and bis periods of excitement of exultation less frequent and protracted. How ever, they made up for their shortness in intensity, and I saw him at times, now far away in the mulga clumps, now far across the desert, and again in the embraces of those bright, beautiful forests which clothe the banks of the Northern rivers, eaten up with a passion—so horribly wild, so incomprehensibly savage, so weirdly grotesque, that I could almost think he was living through some of the demon scenes of Milton's Ptirfnli>e Lo»t. Oh, those wild scenes ! Oh, those awful days of atonement! Oli, those incomprehensible fits of depression ! I pitied him with all my heart. I would have helped if "l could. I would have tended him. but he was inconsolable. Well I suppose I am tiring you with my dull descriptions of him and his actions, but it seemed absolutely l necessary for ine to lay stress upon them, otherwise it would be impossible to account for the demmmunl. Well we had been almost five months out—traversed the whole of the country between Roeljourne and Peake Hill—climbed the Opthalmia Ranges, prospected them too for that part—swam in the Fortescue, tlie Gascoyne, and the Ashburton— sweat, d and swore across the deserte, and at last, having completed our work, were making our way homeward. Bill's humors seemed to leave him a little with the prospects of "home, sweet home" before him. I promise you the thought of the comforts of the old place makes a fellow's heart beat quicker and his eyes growbrighter, when he's winding up a long trip on tinned dog and pressed meat, with only a taste here and there of a bit of fresh beef that you get from the occasional stations you touch. And the fresh meat isn't much "chop," either, for it's ten to one it Lays you up for a week w ith dysentery, too i,-izy to kill a mosquito or to damn a fly. Ah, old fellow, even a boarding-house is a street in front of it. Well, it was one day in October. At five iu the evening we made a start from a well about seventy miles from . Cossack, and after descending from a tableland, and crossing about five miles of ravines and dangerous broken country, we travelled slowly onward for some fourteen miles, and camped at about 10 p.m. Our camping phice was beside a beautiful pool. I shall never forget the picture of that spot as I saw it that night in the moonlight. Oh, it was glorious ! Fancy a pool of almost transparent water, about 400ft. in circumference, completely surrounded with a * > . a t of ti-tree, .'lumbering at the foot of some almost perpendicular, dioritecliffsaliout 100ft. in height. Over t' ese cliffs, which were of a glossy brown ai d slate colour, in a hollow worn bj' the action of the water for many years, a perfect little stream came tumbling, tossing, leaping, • dashing from the table-lands to the basin below. Oh ! shall I ever forget the beautiful shimmer of that falling stream ? . Th<? moon ...seemed to make a looking gl;£ss of every-drop of spray, and downward, ever downward, the bright drops fell like meteors in a midnight sky, while the main stream kept rolling, rolling, like the rays of a limelight to a dazzling soBeen. Away from the pool, groves of paper-bark and belts of flooded, red, and white gums loomed away into the distance, while the leaves of the nearer ones, just rustling in the night air, with the moon shining u[»on them, seemed to lie sheathed in scabbards of silver. I moved away to look for the outlet of the pool, and in a moment stood at the head of a little creek which turned away into shadowy darkness. As I gazed at it for a time, with feelings akin to awe, I felt Bill at my elbow His face was white—almost scared, and as he stretched out a hand toward the valley, he said "It. makes me shiver, Dick,"' (ami his voice sank almost to a whisper) "It seems like the path to the nether regions, all shining bright and paved with beauty, but guarded by those demons in disguise—that army with their shining swords." I could follow his wild imagination, and knew he meant the trees which were folding their branches across the stream ; but when 1 looked round to address him he was—gone. A flitting shadow between tlie trees showed where lie was passing. \- • - . "Another period of excitement," I thought, as I walked over to attend to the camels. In about a half an hour we had the camels " tied down " and the camp settled ; then, as the night was becoming hot and sultry, some of us went to bathe iu the pool, while the cook was getting supper ready. There were six of us altogether, but Bill wasn't amongst us. There was no mock modesty in nnr crowd. In a couple <(f minutes we were stripped, and tumbling abnst in th pool. It secim-d to slope r.ipidly d«w»- warl, and, when smiie of us dived to try and bottom it in the centre, we found the water so cold as we went down ti at MV forced t< come up ngam unsuccessful iu our attempts. However, t'.iat scene, with a half-a-d<>zen men swimming a bunt in the moonlit water, would have been worthy the efforts of n Turner. Another scene five minutes later was beyond all earthly ]x»wvr. N" man ever lived who could reproduce so awful, so weird, so horrible a scene. The air, as I said, was hot and sultry, and, though late in the year, distinctly premonitory of an equinoctial gale. We did not rxpeet it, but it came nevertheless. In less time than it takes t> tell, the bright moonlit sky Iwame overcast iind leaden, and even as we swum the pool lieeame suddenly black and turbidiooking. The heat for a moment was intensely overpowering. Then from the distance came the roar of a mighty wind through thousands of shrieking trees. The mighty power came sweepirsr on. on, on, with the crash of falling trees. and the crack of snapping boughs. In a moment it reached ns. A dull glare lit up the sky as the hurricane struck our camp, carrying the yellow tents away like ghosts into the outer darkness. The camels shrieked and broke loose from their tyings. The waters of the pool were lashed in raging furies. Th falling stream was beaten back by the force of the storm, and the momentary blackness of the rocks seemed like the opening of the cavern of despair. Then all was dark again. We rushed ont of the pool and crouched on tlie bank awestricken and dismayed. As we crowded together a frightful shriek came from the looming cliffs. Our hearts stopped beating. What could it be ? With a final effort of increased violence the hurricane passed. The roar of the rushing wind, and the crash of the falling trees died away in the distance. The sky cleared, and the moon shone out brightly as be'ore. The waters of the pool fell back into then- .soft slumbers, and the beautiful scene was just as it had been before the storm. The cliffs were bright, and the falling waters gleaming again, but ere we had time to recover our compos ui-e another shriek from the cliffs rang out in the still, hot air. We started nervously. Oli! what a sight! About half-way up was Bill, scrambling, struggling, climbing up, up, up, right above us. Oh God those horrible heights! In the bright light we could see him distinctly as though but a yard away. As he turned his head momentarily now and then to gaze on the waters below, we could see his eyes shining like burning embers Though there seemed to be no place for him to put his feet, still he climbed up—up—up. We called to him— shrieked to him—prayed to him. HP did not seem tohear. Once only he waved his hand, that was just before he reached the top. At last he gained the summit; then for a moment he stood anfteagid at us and gave vent to his blooSx-urdling shriek. His face was contorted horribly, and though a hundred feet above us, be seemed to have grown to a supernatural size For a moment he was a very demon. He laughed with a deep, coarse, guttural intonation that made our hearts shrink. Awe - stricken — dumfound ered—motionless, almost breathless, we watched him on tlie ^izzy height A golden glory seemed to be shining aTSout IHs^iimd- and sm Jic-fltrng^hir hands high iu the air with a wild metrical motion, he shrieked again and disappeared. It was only for a moment though. The next we saw him come flying over the cliff, laughing his horrible laugh, down, down, down, till he bit the water with a splash that could have been heard a mUe away. As the waters closed over him, we still seemed to hear iiis voice gurgling up through the foam, and some of us involuntarily placed our hands over our cars. We waited for a minute or two to see where he would come up, for he was a practised swimmer—but he never came. W r c jumped in and dived for him ; it was useless, for the cold water in the lower regions of the pool pre vented us touching the bottom. Then another burst of the storm came upon us, and in the utter darkness we fledto the remains of our camp. One moment, however, with the red glare in the sky, I turned and looked back. It may have been imagination, but in the turbid waters I could see his demoniac face, and hear his horrible laugh striking against the rocks and echoing back to me. 1 believe that I ran t» him, but my foot must have caught on a rock, for I fell. I remembered no more until the next morning, when we did our best to recover the body, bat did net sueceed. We stopped at the pool all that day, and in -the morning continued on to Cossack, where we reported the matter to the police ; and that is the last I heard of "Balmy Bill." E. S. EMJEBSOX. 