BREVITIES. Fbom our latest English files to band we take the following interesting items : — A Grantham lady, named Smith, who has just attained her 100th year, in addition to doing her own housework, nurses an invalid nephew. — Mrs. Neighbour of Ashurst Wood, has also been celebrating her 100th birthday. Her 11 children have themselveB had 86 children, these in turn having had 172, with 34 children of the next generation, making a total of 303, of whom 200 are still living. — A widow, aged 102, has just 'died near Carragh. Through a mistake in the printed list a Battersea lady was summoned to serve on a coroner's jury. She wrote thd coroner eaying she was ' afraid her sex would render her unable to serve as a juryman.' Two familiar rooks in Bournemouth Bay were known as ' Old Harry and His Wife.' The ' Wife' succumbed during the recent gale. A diver collar was publicly plaoed on the neck of a retriever dog for saving the lives of captain* and mate of a sailing barge which foundered in Northfleet Hope. I A blind beggar who sat for many years on Waterloo Bridge not only kept his family well, hut had raved up £280' at the time .of his death; ' : It has been found necessary to plaoe an iron grille round the recumbent effigy of a dean in Bristol Cathedral, worshippers, I without thinking, being in the habit of placing their hats and coats upon it, making the effigy look ridiculous. A ghost story comes from Dublin. A lady says she has lately seen the figure of a deceased member of the chapter ' sitting in his stall in -he -cathedral. A second lady assorts that she has seen the some figure. The Lambeth Guardians, finding young women object to the term, have abolished 'general servant' altogether, substituting for it ' ward- maid.' Tbe City Council of Brussels has passed a vote prohibiting ladies wearing hats in theatres. The Appeal Court has upheld the convic tion of a London milk-seller for crying his wares on the Sunday. The conviction of a Sheffield barber was quashed owing to a technicality. A Croydon lady bought a piece of turquoise linenette from a draper for the purpose of lining a dress, and after handling and cutting itnpshe became ill, exhibiting the symptoms I of what was alleged to be arsenical poison ing. She therefore sued the draper in the County Court, claiming £50 damages. The defence was that if the material did, like others of the same class, contain an infini tesimal quantity of arsenic, it was not sufficient to do any harm, a hundred yards of it containing less than an ordinary dose. The judge held that the poisoning had not been proved, and gave judgment for the draper. A bridegroom, aged 21, was sued at Croy don for a sum of money for goods supplied with a view to his marriage, which took place the previous day. Judgment was given for plaintiff, and the registrar re marked that in 99 cases out of a 100 the man who has no right to get married and cannot afford to do so does get married, and lives at the expense t-f other people. A woman told a London magistrate that she was married IS years ago, and soon after, on account of his bad treatment, was forced to leave her husband. She had not seen or heard of him since, and she wished to know if she could marry again. The magistrate advised her not to do so, or she would run a risk of being punished for bigamy. A local physician who paid 25 visits to a lady patient, sued for his fees in a London county court, and was awarded bis claim at tbe rate of £2 a visit. The noise of a motor car in Liverpool caused a pony to bolt. In the county court the owner of the pony was awarded damages. There has just died at Blackpill, between Swansea and Mumbles, a man named Charles Beid, for whom the dectectivcs had long been searching for his alleged connec tion with the jute frauds in Dundee, which involved a sum of £40,000. During tho past 2£ years the detectives had been searching for Beid in such far-off places as India and America while he was living quietly at Blackpill. A youth was summoned for shouting papers in the streets of Southampton on Sunday. A ffiston baker was summoned for kiss ing a lady when delivering bread. The case was withdrawn on his paying the costs and promising to subscribe one guinea to a local hospital. i A young man was sentenced to penal servitude for life for causing the death of his sweetheart by trampling on her. She was about to become a mother. Morgue officials in New York are charged with a wholesale traffic in unclaimed bodies, selling them to physicians andtcollegcs at prices ranging from £20 to £100. The shipment of American horses to England Is steadily increasing. In 1893 Great Britain took 13,737 American horses, nearly 23,000 in 1894, and 34,000 in 1895, but during the first nine months of 1896 more American horses were shipped into England than in any previous twelve months. Horses are now very cheap in America. A large number has lately been bought by the Spanish Government in Texas for cavalry service in Cuba at $40 per head. An American of wealth, following the example of the late Father Damien, has taken up his abode amongst tbe lepers at Molokai, intending to spend the rest of his life on the island. An American millionaire has just had a pleasure yacht constructed at Greenook at a cost of £100,000. It is now being fitted out in New York as a floating palace for a cruise in the Mediterranean. A lady in Paris sued a physician for in juring her chin while professing to get rid of a beard. She lost the case, tbe Court holding that the paste, which was harmless, had been merely laid on with too much vigour. A man charged in Germany with stealing electricity was discharged on the ground that only a movable object could be stolen. A French expedition to the Niger possessed a phonograph, with which they took down war- songs of the tribes. 