CHRIST AND BARTIM.fl3ÜS. [By Late Rev. O. H. SPPKOBON.] "Jesus of Nazareth passeth by Luke xviii. 37. Our text is taken from a narrative of a blind man (Bartitmeus) who sat by the way- side begging-not an] exact picture of you, my friends who are solicitous of mercy, and anxiously desirous of salvation. Are you not as blind and poor spiritually al he was literally ? I am sure that you will at on ice confess that you are blind. The eyes of your, understanding are dim; your heart is wrapped in darkness. You cannot see what you want to see. You do not even see your sin so as to repent of it with contrition. You have not yet seen the power of the precious blood, of J Jesus; so as to believe in it. What if to- night you should be apprised and aware of the presence of Jesus here, and should cry out to Him, and he should stop and open those blind eyes of yours, and give you the light of life and the joy of eternal salvation ? What if you should have to go home and say to your friends and kinsfolk, " I have had an experience to-night the like of which I never felt before ; I have found a Saviour ; I have received the forgiveness of my sins ; I am a new creature in Christ Jesus "? Why, you would make angels sing fresh hallelujahs in heaven, while on earth God would be glorified, and yourselves and your friends would be blessed by a lively exercise of faith and a wonderful participa- tion of grace, This man is a picture of what we should be if we desired to be saved. He listened attentively. He could not see, but he had ears. He could catch the sound of footsteps. The silence that was broken by crowds coming along the road to Jericho was peculiar, the tramp was of an unusual sort, and the tone of voices far different from those of wrangling or of revelry, or the songs of common travellers. He listened-yea, he listened with all his ears. So, dear hearers, whenever the Gospel is preached, do not give it merely such a hearing as you might give to an ordinary story that is told you ; but, oh, hear it as' God's Word ; bear it with bated breath and profound reverence ; drink it in as the parched earth drinks in the shower ; hear it fearing to miss a single word, lest that should be the word that might have blessed you. I believe attentive hearers are the most likely people to get the blessing. But this man, after he had heard with discrimination, enquired with eagerness what it meant. It is a blessed sign when men begin to say, " What is it all about What is the drift of this Gospel ?" I should have great hopes of you if you were thus enquiring after the plan of salvation. Is it not worth your while to ask the question, sirs? When a man has lost his way, he will ask twenty people sooner than he will continue to pursue a wrong course, and will you lose your way to heaven through not asking old travellers to direct you? Do I pray you, be in earnest to learn, and it shall not be long before God shall teach you, for, whenever He makes a man conscious of his ignorance, and anxious to be taught, the Holy Ghost is quite sure to instruct him ere long. When this man had asked the question, and had been told in reply that Jesus of Nazareth passed by, notice what he did next : he began to pray We are told that he cried. His cry was a prayer, and his prayer was a cry. It took the form of a piteous and emphatic outburst of desire: "Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." It was a short E prayer. He did not want a book Being a kind man, he could not have used one if he had had it. And what a comprehensive prayer it was-" Have mercy on me ! Have mercy on me I "It was not the words of the paper; it was the true desire and the believing confidence of the prayer that did the work. " Thou Son of David have mercy on me " Now, my dear nearer, you tell me you wish to be saved; that you are anxious-nay enquiring; but do you pray ? How can you expect mercy if it is not thought by you to be worth the asking for a this man prayed, there were some standing by who said, " Hush ! hold your tongue ! You disturb the preach- ing ; we cannot hear the silvery tones of the orator ; be still. It is not meet for a. beggar man like you, crawling in the street, to dis- turb respectable people by your harsh, croaking voice ; be quiet I " But this heart home thus moved, there is no silence for his tongue. So much the more, a great deal, with increasing vehemence and force, he iterated and reiterated the prayer, " Thou Son of David, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me I Have mercy upon me !" Now, if you desire salvation, and have begun to pray. Satan will say, "Ah, it is of no use ; he quiet I " The flesh will say, " Why this ado ? There is time enough yet." Pro- constipation will come in and say, " When you grow old it will be time enough then to begin to seek the Lord." A thousand difficulties will be suggested, but, O see), if thou art indeed set upon salvation, (and God has made thee in earnest, thou wilt say to all these, " Stand back I cannot, and will not, be silenced by you. I must have mercy ; it is mercy I want, and it is mercy I must have, or I perish for ever, and that I cannot afford ; therefore I will cry the more." Mary the Holy Ghost lead you to pray I Lay aside every weight, and the sin that doth most easily boxes you, and press to Jesus at once. To-night, I pray you, press to Jesus with vehement speed, and be not content till you get the blessing I Once more. When this man had come to Jesus, and Jesus said to him, "What wilt thou that I should do unto thee ?'' the man returned a straight- forward and intelligent answer-" Lord, that I might receive my sight." Now, when you are at prayer to-night, any of you, do not merely play a general prayer, but put it before the Lord in the plainest language. Yet that which really brought salvation to this blind man was his faith, for Christ says, " Thy faith hath saved thee." Now, here is the greatest point of all faith ! Faith for work without faith is of little worth. Faith is the great saving grace; it is the real life-germ. "What is faith?" mayest thou. Anxious inquirer, if thou wouldst know what faith we, understand that the other word for it is trust-belief. The faith that saves is a belief that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, offered an atonement for sin, and then, after a firm conviction, a simple trusting in that atonement for thy salvation. Canst thou this night-oh ! I pray the Holy Ghost enable them 'canst thou this night trust Jesus Christ ? When I ask that question of an awakened sinner, it seems to me as if the answer should always be " Can I trust him ? Ay, indeed ! Such a Saviour, so Divine, offering such a sacrifice as the death of His own self, surely IcantrUBt Him !" Here is a bridge over which tons of thousands of the weightiest sinners may cross safely. Come thou, sinner, what sayost thou ? Art thou resolved to trust Jesus ? If so, thy faith hath saved thee already ; go thousand wrestle in prayer till thou get them an assurance of it. 3. Remember, this hour of Jesus passing by is an hour that will soon be gone. Did you notice that word, " Jesus of Nazareth passeth by f" He is not stopping, He is passing by, for He is going on towards the walls of Jericho to pass through its gates. Blind man ! it is now or never, for be is passing by. He has come up to where you are cry to Him now ! He has passed you, but cry to Him. Now, man, he is long past, but He can yet hear you cry to Him now ! Ah ! but He is passed and is gone, and the man has not cried, and now there is no other who can open his eyes, neither will this Son of David, for He has passed by and been unasked, unsought to bless ! You had Christ passing by when you were young. I would to God you had said to Him then, " Have mercy on me !" but you waited till He came up to you in middle life, and yet you did not seek Him. Alas, alas, for that ! And now the grey hairs are stealing over you, and half a century of unbelief has hardened your heart You are getting to GO years of ungodliness, but He is not out of earshot yet. He will hear you now. Oh cry to Him I pray you, cry, and may God's Holy Spirit, who is the Author of all true suppli- cation, breathe in you now a cry that never shall be stopped until you get the answer, "Thy faith hath saved thee: go in peace." " Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." This is the message, but, if you reject it, a weight falls on my spirit-it seems to crush me now-the thought that you should be lost ! For what Is it to be lost ? To be cast away from the presence of God, to be cast into hell, to have to suffer, and that for ever-all that the justice of God can demand, all that the omnipotence of God can inflict. Why, sirs, if I have but a headache, or a toothache for one brief hour, my patience can scarcely endure the torture ; what must it be to suffer such pains for a century ? MaD, I cannot guess what it must be ! The pangs, and racks, and abandonment from which men suffer here are nothing to be compared with the woes and mental anguish of the world to come. Oh, the agony of a spirit doomed, forlorn, accursed, upon which God shall put His foot in awful wrath and lift it up no more for ever ! And there, as you lie, tormented to the quick, you will have this to be your miserable portion-I heard the Gospel, but I would not heed it Christ was put before me, but I would not acknowledge him ; I was entreated to believe in His name and fly to him for salvation, but I hesitated, demurred, and at length denied Him. And all for what 1 For a little drink, a little dance, a little sin that yielded me but slight pleasure, or for worldly gain, or for low and grovelling vices, or for sheer carelessness-and gaiety 1 Lost, lost, lost and for nothing I May it not be so with you not with one of you, old or young-but the Lord have mercy upon you all, for His dear names asked Amid, 