NEW NOVEL BY MARIE CORELLI. "Vanity of vanities," saitb the preachor. All is vanity." "Mystery oI mysteries," saith the reader; "all is mystery," as he tarns tho last page of " Ziska; the Problem of a Wicked Soul"-(Hutchinson and Co., London)-Mi53 Corelli'3 latest, an advance copy of which we have received through Messrs. E. 8. Wigg & Son. As an effort of the imagination it ia wonderful; as a work destitute of the faintest approach to realism it is unique. It opens with the "season" in full swing at Cairo, and this is how Cook's "cheap-trippera" are sorved up to tickle the reader's palateNothing like the choap-tripper was ever seen in the world till our present, enlightened and glorious day of progress; he is a . new-grafted type of nomad, like and yet unlike a man. Tho Darwin theory assorts itself proudly and prominently in bristles of truth all over him-in his restlessness, his apo- lika agility' and curiosity, his shameless ir»|uisi tivenesj, bis general attention to minuti®, and his always voracious appetite: and where the ape ends and the man begins is somewhat difficult to discover." But Cairo was not altogether given over to the nheap-trippev. Young Sir Denzil Murray was there with bis charming sister .Helen. He was a pure-blooded Highlander, with level brows, firm lips, and straight, fearless look, thnt bespoke him a descendant of tho proud races that scorned the 'Sassenach.'" ""hern was Armand Gervase, the most celebrated painter of tho day, tho wic'ied orthedox painter of romance-as handsome a;;J devil may-care as they make them. Tho learned little Dr. Maxwell Dean was also there, the man who could road Egyptian hieroglyphs and knew tho difference between '' > <>-, ,;.l cartouche" scarabei and Birrainghavn-Tnan!; facturcd ont3. These, after the heroin?, ih.i incomparable Princess Ziska, are the chief characters in the book. Gervase and Murray are rivals for her hand. Yasi-a-0harm,w 1 was the mistress of Arases, a famous warrior, who flourished in the days of Amonophis .TIT. She was the most beautiful woman and the be?.t dancer in Egypt. In duo time t,>10 warrior murdered her. Our Ziska, likerlansllroi tinann. "gifs a barty," and electrifies her guests w ith a danee after tho manner of her namesake, the murdered beauty of ancient days. " Ad at once from a side entrance in the hall a bright, apparently winged thing1 l>ou!idfd from tho outer darkuess into the centre of the hail-a woman clad in glistening cloth of gold, and veiled entirely m mi3ty folds of white, who. raising her arms, gleaming with jo we! led bingles, high abovo her head, remained poised ou tiptoa for a moment, as though about to fly. Her bare feet, white and dimpled, sparkled witli gems and glittering anklets; her skirts as she moved showed fluttering flocks of white and pink like the leaves of May blossoms shaken b.7 a summer breeze; the music grow louder and wilder, ami a brazen clang from unseen cymbals prepared her, as it seemed, for flight. She began her dance slowly, gliding mysteriously from side to side. , . Bhe seemed to float, lazily like a creature that was dancing ia a dream. The brazen cymbals clashed again, and then, with a wild, beautiful movement, like that of a hunted stag leaping tho brow of » hill, the danccr sprang forward, turned, pirouetted, and tossed herself round and round giddily witlr a marvellous and osrquisite celerity, as if she were nothing but a bright circle of gold spinning in o'rr.r ether. Spontaneous applause broke fortli 'rem every part of the ball; the ^ujsts crowded forward, staring and aUno-t breathless with amazement-. . . . Gervase. e.cry nerve in his body quivering, advanced one or two atop*, feeling that he must stop this bright, r-ild, wanton thing in her incessant whirling. Uo j- die in the hunirer of love which consmived bis I soul. Daiizil Murray glanced at him, after a pause, left his side, And disap 1 psarcd. Suddenly, with a quick move ment, the dancer loosened her golden dress and misty veil, and then, tossing them aside like falling leaves, she sto^d confessed a marvellous glowmg vision in silvery white no other than the Princess Ziska!'' Gen>a:e, dizzy, breathless, and torn by conflicting passions, was in a condition more mad than sane. One of the best-drawn characters m the boDk is Dr. Dean. The, Princess hoodwinks everybody else, but not the clever little doctor. He is a believer in ghosts, but npi the orthodox ghost of Scotch castles and Eng lish manor- houses that appears in a night | gown, and rattles chains and bangs doors ad I libitum. " Many a criminal,'' .naid the scientific i doctor, undiscovered >\y the police ishaunted by d seaming. porsou.'who ia on terms of inti macy with lain, who eats at hia.table, drinks hU wine, clasps hia hand, smiles in his {(ice, and # yet is truly nothibg but the ghost of hia victim in. human disguise, sent to drag him ', gradually to his ^ell-deserved mise rable .end." In tbis extract' we have the motif of tho baok-r-the reincarnation of the soul.. The eonoluding chapters are 6heer delirium- fascinating delirium.. Here is a sample:-Gerrase and Ziska are under the Great Pyramid, in a room paved with gold and studded with jewels. " Remember, remember!" ana sho clung closer and closer as he staggered backward, half-gulfocated by his own emotions and the horror of lior touch. "Rememberthe fierce word!-tho quick murderous blow!-the plunge of the jewolled knife tip to tho hilt in tho passionate white.bosom of Charmazel!-the lonely anguish in which she died 1 Died, but to live again and pursue her murderer!-to track him down to his grave,' wherein tho King strewed gold and devils strewed curseS. . . . Oh, for ten thousand centuries more in which to work my passion and provo my wrong! All tho treasure of love despised! all the hopo of a life betrayed I-all the salva tion of Heaven denied! Tremble, Soul of Ataxes!-for hate is oteriial, as love is eternal t" MisSCorelii's"Ziska,"in spite of its wild impossibilities and abstruse abstractions, ia decidedly' better reading than either the morbid .' Mighty Atom" or the silly " Murder of Dolieia," her immediately preceding work's, but it is a long way behind two or three of the earlier novels of this favourito Writer. 