TIHE BIROKEN. ROWLOCK. Albert Langditn sad lhastles Naylor were companioun of long standing. - In tlhe lsme class at school, and residing in the same street, a childish attael'ment attoegthuned as they irew older, until they coemed more like bruthera than friends. They helped each other 'with tlh ir homo leesson, or rather. Albert aesiele;l hia friend, who would not have kept his place in the school blat for such aid. In the sunmer evenings they often went fishing, end oecaei0nally, as they grew older, liad a row up the Itibble ss far as Walton church. Charlie's father wished his only son to learn his own trade, that of a cblnut.maker,, hut Albert meant to be a schoolhnaster, and in the end holth became pupil techaes in their old school. When blth were 17 years of nce, a well-to-do hocln of Albert's died, and bequeathed to his tavourite rliphew a loIvey at £2,000, the income meantime to to spet onil the folttunate youth's education. Thie egacy led to a feeling of coul nes betweoren the two friends, Naylor fancying that Lungdon " put on airs " bl cnusool his for tune. On NSylor's 18th birthday, however, he was the recipliet of a splendiid little boat, just big enough for two, Langdon harving urchised two boats ceuctly alike, ult of his first half year's interert oil his legacy. 'This generus act rc.newrd tle strained friend chip, and for a time ill went along esoothly. Thutwo often went on the river with thir, boats, occssiloolly racing In a Iriendlyfanshion, and'sometlmees taklng'a hliend with them. .mcled Alice Crook, a fevourito with lthe whole school, anld t soon bonaie Iapparent that for liarsmiles the two irlends were rivals. And when Charles Naylor made the mortifying discovery that Alice preferred Albert'e comprny, and that she gladly accepted his aeisntance in pre paring her evening tessons, the spirit of the youth again burned tiarcely, anl he vowed to have his revenge "some ilay." Outwardly, toall appearance, hae was as friendly as ever ; he could not pick a quarrel with Laegdon with out giving a reason an d to confess that be sighed for the afflections of the fair Alice was Impossible. " What do you think of entering in the two oared boat-race at the regatta, Charlie P" asked Albert one evening: " There are no boats on the river so light as oars, and it is not likely that there will be any compatitorse from other place ; the prizes will scarcely tempt them. Bmides, if they do, we are not obliged to oom. pete." "*If you are thinking of it, I'll enter," re plied Iangdon. " And I'll take his insufferable pride down a peg or two," muttered Naylor to himself, as he went dlown to tlie river at sunriso next morne. lig, to put himscll in training for the race. Ile would win easily, he believared, and thereby show Langdon that he was not A 1 at every. thing he aimed at. And as Naylor was fully two inches taller, and at least a stone heavier, than Langdon, it seemed a foregone conelusion among their so quaintances when it became known that the two had entered for the race that Naylor would be a comparatively easy winner. The weather on the regatta day was all that could be desired, and the northern bank of tbs rives was crowled with spectaters, the grand stand being filled by the elite of the town. The race for whloh Langdon and Naylor had entered was far down in the programme, mud meaunwhile they sat with their friends In the grand stand. Alloa Crook was there, and to Naylor'' ntense chagrin, she wore a neat little blue tie, this competitor's rowing jacket having blue stripes, while his own ihad chooolato brown. " I'll take the puff out of him I" thought Naylor, strolling off in another direction,to the wonderment of his friends. i"Theire 'eedreh" entrir toe tEin thffii redi boat race, and Naylor was first favourite. lHe had shown himself on the precvious Sunday afternoop to admirinig crowds between thb brldges, hia rapidity of stroke being commented upon by all who professed to know anything about rowing. There was a capital start, and before the oom. putitol had gone 100 yards oNaylor wus leading with Luigdon clohe behind. Streaiing every nerve the favourite kept well in froit until he had rounded the, Iroy, but getting too near the bank he was compelle.l to ship one oar for a few sencnds, and that lost him thei race. .Lang. don managed to keep the left of his ontngoulst, and. in spite of ealmost superhumalln efforts by Naylor, won the race by about ten yards. Furiously disallpointed, Naylor could not face the sympathy of his friends, and after resuming his ordinary dress. went home, leaving Alice Crook to be escorted by Langdion. It had hero previously arranged that the twofrvends should go to a concert that evening, hling laturday ; but Naylor did not turn uip at the appointed time, and having prrhrilsed two reserved seat tleoket, Langdou called on Mrs. Crook, and begged her to allow Alice i go with him. The mother know of hias lgaey,snd also of his nany good qualltlesr,nd holieving her dlaughter might do much worse than marry Lnngdon abe gave bhr consent. Naylor's class in the Sunday school was minus a teabher next day I be had a a severe cold was the exocse sent to the superintendent, But on the londay morning he was in hli placeu i the day aohool, and greeted I.angdon as Ihuulgh nougit haid disturbed the good feel. iug between them. And their mutual friends who saw the two young men together during the next few weeks were obliged to admit that they had been agrresaly surprised by Naylor'n be. haviour under defeat ; lie was bearing it like a brave young fellow ought to do. Naylor had proposed a leisurely row down the liver some Saturday evaelig, going with the the stream, and returning with the incoming tidr,thereby rendering Ihe task of rowipg some* what easier. lut the carrying out of the pro. Jeob was postponed--First Ierause when the tide wcould suit the weather was unpropitloue l then, .ºa..?cual tuaaoerm' enaminat(on took plae ona oea ocVuns-.miriai.. -ilalue, "AOud Wuai happened that when they were able to gn October woa far advanced, ind Langdon would have dropped the project at the tirat hint from his friend, " We shall be aloil right, Ilert I the moon rises at senvil, and we chall be no our way harsek lhun," sldl Naylor on theirr way down to tihe boathnouses. And so Lacgdon thought cc they rwedt clowly down with the straesa, the nuerlioli rerquired lelllRg n IlttlPn to make it vyry enjoy. able. lThey had gonen further than origlnslly ilterndred, bellig opllosite the Nase, rwhen LnigdoiIr lookluA round westward, saw that a thiok foig was eoming up the river. "Look at the fog, Oharle i wI must trrn at once," Ntylor ws a low yards behind at the time, ail Inllantly turingll oonlmmaneed to row at his best lped. Langdon followed sultlut before h had rowd lifty yardls he fell on his back at the ldn au the b oat, ups ttingit. Iln wll an eltort twinlmar, and eoon matagml to get inlto the boeat again, but both bllhis oar wer now lost, cnd when he hbld balled th waterolt bl onpmlinln wi s nowhere to be seon. The fog grlduilly trept round him, renderintg it m. pollible to see where the Ilde wl earrylng the helpleil beat. lIa must bu going in tihe dlnrretlon of homle, he thrught I ltht ws lila only onriolatleon, His relllon did not seeem o nery Ielliloua I if the fog would not lilt, be houeldl have no fear. fr his ulltimate iafety, What hald otaell his fishalp ? A brokell tocwrlinkl orllrly, t lln he tlet It ecretnlly. Sthlreat luven--l has been alt I Who' onmlniltlil ilcih cii oulrtagon lel ded I c ind he ilerd tlo Ihlrik thlt his Iireling irlenid woniad not he guilly ot a ilartalrdly aot which mlighlbt yet cudr-how I " No, uO tI will ntt wlioaee thabt tharil eroui4 Inlay aiayllulpe ,.j W ftlota nd an gratiiudo for the uealetatnie of many kinds I have been ablu to render him." ' His munsigs, were interrupted by the boat running into a sandbank. with which the estuary of the llibblo abounds. Was the sandbank near the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, he dare not leave his boat to .endeavour to ascertain his surrround Iogs, and with some difficulty he pushed the boat off again. Shivering with the cold, sitting in his wet clothes, the thick fog adding to his discomfort, the hours went slowly by, but not nearly so test as he imagined. And when he was beginning to hope that thu tide must have carried him so near 'reston that he might pos. sibly see some signs of life on the river bankos the boat again struck the sand. " I must be in the estuary of the Douglas river," he said to himself. And again shoving the boat off, he began to hope that he might venture to take to the sand bank when he again struck it. The night passed slowly-so slowly to thi. still hopeful occupant of the cockle-shell boats that, not knowing in which direction he was going, he was both startld and dismayed when,' the fog Ilfting suddenly, he couhi see a number of lights, but at such a distance away that for somo time he could not feel certain what town; they belonged to. "That is Southport, and I am being carried! out to eea I" It was an overwhelming discovery, and his hopes of succour. grew faint. A few mitnutluo observation convinced hin that he was beingt carried in a so.therty direction, and he was, .d sh ammwhabewauraed as hoe would erri long be fn -the b track of ships outward bounda fromLiverpoolanl might be resca.d in time be-; fore the intense cold had done it terrible work, But in spite of his efforts to keep his blood in circulationo,, a sense of numbness stole oven him, andl though he well knew that sleep would rmean death, hlli determination to keep awake was givinig way to despair when suddenly the lights of a large ship loomed before him. "Ship ahoy I" he shouted, but his voice war as hoarse as the croak of a raven, and could not a have been heard a dozen yards away. tho moonl a was shining b ightly, however, and the lookout] man on board the steamer happily espied thq boat, which'was painted white, with blue stripes aronnd the gunwhble.Tho engines were atopped,' I and a rolu thrown to Langdon, but he was too Sweak and numbed to catch it. "They have gone, and left me to perish l" he groaned. But it was not so. A boat soon put off from the steamer, and the hapless I.asngdon was soon on board. The reaction produced by thbo certainty that he w.s safe, however, was more a than hecould bear, and when lifted on board he s was insensible. " A narrow escape I" said the doctor. "S ee, s his watch stopped at 7.1i; he must have been sitting in that boat, in Iis wet clothes for nearly six hours. Only a strong constitution neotld have stood suoh an ordeal." 1" Is it safe to send him backwlith the pilot ?" asked the captain. " By no means. It would be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, I am afraid." His pockets were searched for some evidence t of his identity, but no papers or letters of any tkind were found. " His clothing and the possession of a good iwatch and chain show him to be respectable; we must ask the pilot to make known the rescue to the Liverpool papers ; his friends will thus be informed of his safety," said the captain. The doctor's opinion was verified, and Lang. duon was rovipg in the delirium of fever dur ° lug the whole of the passage acrossthe Atlantio to New York. But having safely turned the Srisis, he mended rapidly. A collection among the passengers had produced esutcienot to pay for his passage home.atnd .he thus returned to d v5po iii teii same stcooirr. In the meantime, consternation, followed by Sintense gris, reigned in two homes at Preston. SWhen Charles Naylor realised that his villainous Ischeme had been successful, so far that whent Iha ventured to look round, Langdon's boat was not in sight, his satisfaction was but of a Smingled character. What would be the result? li ad he really contemplated the murder of bin aold frir?;n ? What would he gain by it ? If SBert Langdon weredrowned, would Alice Crook. Itranasfer her affections to another, even though that other had been to Langdon like Absalom to David ? These atnd other questions of a similar nature Charlio Naylor asked himself as hoe pulled steadily onwards. The fog was so thick thab the could not seace three yards in any direction; and with ears straineiod, he went slowly on to. ward the town, not much afraid of being ruen dowt, for he knew that very few vessels left Presteoonn a Saturday night. "Thank goodness,there's a light at last. Thai nmust be the chain light, and I have yet more than two miles to go. But the tide is belpine me spleindidly." fire he arrived at the new pier, the fog tifted, and then he rowed much faster. lHe had Ilrted upon the course he intended to adopt. He !would say nothing about Langdon unless lues. tinned, and then declare that be lost him in the fog, It was the must foolish deiesiou he could .have come to, but guilt induced fear. For the tret time ita his life, he did not arrive at home until past midnight. Itis father had gone to bed veryr agry,.declaring that if he awaited the coming home of hbi son there would he a row, and therefore he and better retire. And his mother, after setting out his hot suprer, said nothing to him about the lateness of the hour, hut oleo retired. Before he had finished his supper, there was a knock at the door. No one in the front could a see the light ino the bark lparlour, atiil guessing that someone from Langdon' had conme to ask for him, Naylor eat still, saying to bimnslf,"Let them knock I " It was MIs. Langdon, and reluctantly ahe re. turned home, thinking It posuible, as her hus. band suggesated, that the young men had landed as Lytham whase the fog name on, and thero being no tarain, had been obliged to stay asl night. , Neat morning, however,before Charles Naylor, was out of bed, Mus. Lsngdonu was again at thea door, ssn Mrs. Naylor aroused her sun. "bWhere did you leave Burt lot evening, Charlie P" " Bomnewheroe down the river, wehen the fog came on. We lost onse Oanther, But surely he hbs come home ? " " No, they have heard nothing of himt, Oh I. ChObarile, how could you lotse him p You arol bigger and strongsr than he Is, and if anything has-, " Don't talk such uonmsnse, mother I Whet an have bshtlqlened to him P" But Ims. Naylor did not reply I she went alowly downstairs with Ier terrlthl news, rvainly esndeavouring to assiage the grief of theI stricken mother, " l ist no ilse, Mrs, Nsylor I soaolthing tellels: me my toy Il lost I abhe good die young I Anl never a better son thall any liertio trod the earth, lte hal never nlllingly asuseld any nle of o a nlnomsnt'sl pain. I don't blame your son,. HI igot frilhtened, I suPlaess, when the fog esame on, and was Int a hurry to get bokt t will enme In gslin, anld te him."' a lI? Naalor went to the Iollr, anal ntlltedi them that his son was mlasitg I and acting oia their advice, he took the trali for iythtm, and there enaglsed a small seaiii ttawlor to search fer tbe nllllng isat, hut n ttnltlg was Iond I an no tan gLs weren reeralvel nof its onetr, On saeuhlg tiwpool, tho pilot of the lsreadulllen was Iaut lay tas eldest alugllltitr with the tini ttat tier tiauntIhr bhal been fonsid denal lit blud tllhe tamelaaaiei nurna. Ing., The ateslage h hald beset abargel tu io. tiver tt tthe newspipner nm011t s Was ulnluidely forlutten, in II grief at the death of his wife, ithat he chanced to see a paragraph It .ll,, " Echo " t the effect that a young mant named) Laagdon, who wcetL for a row on the thbble on( Baturday evening, had not returned., an it wacs snpposed he had been Iht in the fog. hllumingi himself for his frgettulmes , Ilu pilot iolme uiately wired to the 1s'estoen )ltite,to the effect that the l?.reedonia had p)ikel up n meil boat! with a young inu,l in it, in the Chall ne, oment In miles west ol the Mrehey liar. ,A few hours afterwardl :.Ir. La:ngdon ws ir Liverpool, and auter some tltie troutlo found the pilot. But again the heart-broken father had to endure the torments of suspees. The I ilot had, to admit that the rescued young man was in a high fever when he kit the steemer, and Mdr. Langdon returned home with a fuller under= standing than he had prevjout'sl po?vteeec:,d tlo that well known text--" Hope deterred tmaketlh the heart sick." During that week, Charles Naylor went ablout like atn animated ghost, atnd wtnu gulden opinionst for his evident grief for thoeuppoeed loss of his friend. But, to the astonishment of his parentas, the news brought by ilr. Langdton from Liver pool did not chase the gloomt from the young man's brho. Ile seemed to becole more melun choly than before; and as the timae tf.peroachedi when the Langltons unght expect to I ear from] their son, if he had recovered,. the Naylor'd ceared that Chtarlic was going out of his minded.t The arrival of the lMacedoni at New Yorkl was duly chronicled ill the Liverpool paper,hbut nothing was said of the reoumud cast,,way.; anad again the hopes of the L.angduon grew fainter. 'The tortres of remorse endured by Charles Naylor during this period it would be impossible ii tlnveuthg.."-.ect--uult p eotoet;matdtU1tt'uhi - io sleep he was able to ohtainl wasB broken by awful dreams, to which Albert Laogdon was drowning, and appealing to hint for help. The full enormity of the crime he had committed, as tihe result of his manl jealousy, had come home to hin,. and he wosld have givrnall he posesaed., his hopes, has prospects, could he have undon, his wicked deed. The hopes of the Langdons now centred in the return of the Macedotia, and the joy of the family may be Imaginetl whent a telegram wan received from their son, handed in'at Queen teown, saying that he was quite well,. and hoped to be at home within twenty.fouri hours. " I must go and tell Dirs. Ntylor ; she sa Chailin is frettintg himself to death," said Mrso . lLaegdon. I But the good newes had an effect on Charles INaylor that astonlshed all who knew the eair. cutmstances ell was taken suddenly ill, and the doctor said he was in for a sharp attack ota brain fever. For some time his life was In dan ger, and when he was sualllcently recovered tg see visitors the firat to come was Albert Lang 'dou. Sie had not been tohl. that Langdon wished! to see him, 'actd whaen I ll old friend spoke he' tur.ned away his fare, crying: " Bartle Lalnglon I No, tno; I cannot--I- tried--" t " Hush, Charlie I You must forget what hatpened on that day. It is known only to' you and me. I knew you would be sorry after. wards, Charlie. You have been spared a life long misery. Shake hands, old friend." From that hour Charlie Naylor recovered,. strength rapidly. But for a long time h, avoided the river, and before he ventured nut his boat had been sent as a gift to a bazaar gotf iup, at Soutlhport on behalf of the lifeboat fund. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why, after that brain fever attack, his friend seemed to have suddenly chatnged from thme youth to the mne. Ilie exuberant spirits andti. lun-loting nature hadl vanishedl ; and ho was, meoldom seen to mile. To tile re.gtet of bita pareets, he drelit:d he fillow tle to.u hing pro fmsion : LangdoE alum gv'e,-ed hils re asons. Thireyerars after their oltt low. Latgdon mirried Alice Crook, Nvaylor alLttme per-h pe -~shueet, irg et iran'' on the occasion. " IIor foolish to go rowing on the Ilibble when the tide is up, andl unable to swtin " re marked one of the male guests, after the netwly wedded pair hadl departed for Torquay. Only Alboht Lalgdon could have explained' why C:harles Neylnr turned pale, his e)rs dis tending with horror, as a paragraph from the localevening paper was read, relating howe a young mlan had been drowned on the river, his skill having been upset as the result of a " broken rowlock." 