; LITERARY GOSSIP. . , ? V ? r~- 'As good almost kill a man as kill a good book.'— Milton. '? Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett is ? in Washington engaged on her new novel, which is called 'His Grace the Duke of. Osmonde.' It is to be finished this month. The edition of Burns's works, upon which Mr. W. E. Henley has been engaged for some time in collaboration with Mr. Henderson, is now completed. The third and last volume will appear soon. In cluded in it will be an essay on the genius of the poet by Mr. Henley. Signs are not wanting (observes the Anti- Philistine, a new literary magazine) that the book-buying British public is getting very tired of certain authors, who have written one good book and after wards nothing but an appalling mass of pot-boilers. Among the book reviews in this initial number our readers will notice that a blank space has been left as notice of- a new novel by perhaps'the most popular novelist of our time. We could not review the' book ; it was altogether too feeble. The author wiirprobably make .£3,000 or more out of it j but if it was by an un known' writer it would have been declined by every publisher in London. It is stated that ' Mark Twain ' did the record reign procession in London for the New Yorlc Journal. The remuneration was .£500. Mark Twain likes to take his time in writing, and the hurry and rush when he wrote his account of the procession disgusted him not a little. . . A writer in the London Academy offers some notes on publishing in June, 1837. The most curious publication is that of an ingenious pirate who took advantage of the popularity of Dickens to issue a monthly edition of ' Pickwick, ' with such slight alterations as would carry it safely past the Law Courts. 'The Penny Pickwick' is the title, and the author's name is given as Bos, and the illustrator as Phis. The characters are also re-named. Mr. Tupman is Tup nail, Mr. Snodgrass is Snodgreen, and Mr. Winkle becomes Mr. Winkletop. Mr. -Walter Crane, writing of William Morris in the July Scribner, says that it is noteworthy that one who excluded humor from his own work, whether literary or artistic, had a keen appreciation of it in the work of others. Few who only knew Morris through his poems, romances, and designs would imagine that among his most favorite books were ' Huckle berry Finn,' by Mark Twain, and 'Uncle Eemus.' He was, besides, always an admirer of Dickens. The Englishman at present ruling Egypt, Evelyn Baring, Lord Cromer,. has had his biography written by Mr. H. D. Traill,' who describes him as beings' an. omni vorous reader, but with a high critical standard. He. likes no in-, ferior work. This is' largely due to the fact that he lays^ a, sound foun dation. Like Coleridge, he re gards the Bible as the ' Statesman's' Manual.' Few divines know the Book of Job and the prophecies of Isaiah better ; but, though again with Coleridge he would say that ' Sublimity is Hebrew by birth,' he begins every day with a page of Greek or Latin authors. He'loves his Homer.' , - '- Mrs. Lynn Linton has been searching through George Eliot's works for grammatical slips, and she has found a ' curious little crop of errors.' She tells us that George Eliot sometimes per mits herself to slip into the grave literary misdemeanor of supply ing no nominative to her sentence, and into the still graver sin of making a singular verb follow the plural noun of a series! Sad to relate, she uses the unpardonable expression 'under the circum stances'; she follows 'neither' with ' or,' she is ' averse to,' and she has been even known to split her infinitive. As no one can accuse her of either ignorance or indifferetice, these lapses, in the opinion of Mrs. Lynn Linton, prove how ' grammatical inaccu racy becomes a second nature to us, and has to be unlearned by all who write.' One or two amusing slips of the pen are noted in ' Books of To-day and Books of To-morrow.' An American writer, Mrs. Gertrude Atherton, speaks of one of her characters as ' to the manor born.' But is it absolutely certain that this was a slip of the pen ? There is a story of an illiterate actor who maintained that the scene between Hamlet, the Queen, and the Ghost took place on board ship, quoting in support of his argument the line ' Look where he goes even now out at the port-hole (portal) ! ' A writer in St.. Paul's (London) inquires :— Who, before Cowper, wrote of ' the cup that cheers, but not inebriates,' and what was in the cup ? What is the context of '???.,. 'It -was all very well to dissemble your love, : v But why did you kick me downstairs ?' Who wrote ' Says Jimmy, .« Though tears it may cost* I fear we must part, rny dear Sue, . For your character's totally lost, : .And I haven't sufficient for two ?'* Finally, where can one find ' I sits with my feet in a brook, And if anyone axes me why, I fetch him a crack with my crook, ? ' Tis sentiment kills me, ' says I' ? Bishop Berkeley wrote that tar water was ' of a nature so mild and benign as to cheer but' not inebriate.' The next quotation is to be found, in J. P. Kemble's play, ' The Panel,' act 1. scene 1., The other two we have not yet been able to trace. 