Chapter XXXIIL—( Continued.) Debbie was sitting up in an easy cnair wrapped in her dressing-gown of olive- green, cashmere, with a thick black cord girdle—» gown in which I always thought she looked like a lady superior. I am sure if Debbie ever founds a home or retreat, or anything of thaft sort she will dress like that, in. loose sweeping gowns, with a rope or cord confining the waist.: In nothing does she look so well and so majestic. ' . . She did not immediately answer, but her melancholy glance followed mine. ."The'lastnight," she said at last. .Then slie looked at mo long and thoughtfully. _ "Nell," she said, ." have . you considered what we are to do-—what it is our. duty to do?' j A cold shiver ran through me. "Oh; Debbie,"I cried,, "don't tell me that you think we ought to accuse him. Have we proof? HaveWe anything really .to justify us ? It is such a terrible, terrible thing to say of-anyone, and once said we must^abide by it. "It was a>more'! terrible thing to": do," she answered. "And once done he.must abide by the consequences of his deed." ' I was silent, looking helplessly ather as ths stronger power and awaiting her decision. "Have you .read it carefully?' I asked, glancing at the diary, which I had left with her that afternoon. : ^ . ! "Every word. Most carefully. It is my • belief that he drugged us both on that fatal night ; but you, if you remember, only took half the . coffee ho gave you; you spilt it, for tunately for yourself. .The symptoms you describe are almost identical with those you experienced after drinking some'of her claret. The brain awake3', but the body is like a help less log. .1 can't think .what it is he uses. Could I have slept as I did—X' whom the least noise will waken—if he had notgiven me some thing?' "But if an enquiry came out the. doctor would say that was the fever coming on," I suggested. She shook her head. ." Those symptoms 'are not the symptoms of fever. One is restless, sleepless, incoherent, the temperature rises rapidly. No, Nell, lam as certain as that I: now speak to you that the coffee was drugged.";.! "There is one thing we could do," I said quickly.. " Have up Bridget and question her as to whether her master tampered -with the coffee that night." . - ■"You are right," said'■ Debbie eagerly. "Have her up at once.And Nell, go you over :• to the window there and make a note of what she says. It will not do _to trust to memory now. Here, take your diary and .'write my questions and her replies." ' . ' _ I summoned Bridget, _ahd she came up smil ing, and. dirty, and untidy, as usual Debbie spoke a few gracious words to her, told her we were leaving to- morrow, and presented her with (half _ a sovereign in our joint . oam^. . Her gratitude took the form of many blessings and rapturous thanks. From my place on the low bare window seat I, heard all and noted Debbie's skilful • questioning, and listened, half-amused, at her effort to keep the girl "on'.the one track, for it is an impossibility for an Irish person to tell you a story without, circumlocution of divers kinds and a tribute to the genealogical virtues of every, family whose name i? brought into ; the matter. - , • My notes, detached from the circumlocution, ran as follows:— .Deb—"Do you remember, .Bridget, the . evening your mistress died, when we were all:■ downstairs in the. dining-room 2" . : Bridget—"Keme'mber is it, miss? Shure I an'I do. Iverything that happened is just as clear as prin t in me ihemory; an' the ghost, too—for'twas a ghost as sure as me two eyes iver see out of ine head—an' Moll Duggan— well, she knows av it, an' that Katey, poor girl—Kathleen, was her naine, miss, an'as fine a gurl as you'd wish to , see—oh, a' lovely.gurl she was " Deb—" Yes^ yes, Bridget. I know all that, but what I want to ask you is do you remember making coffee for lis" and bringing it into the room after supper ?' . ! ' : Bridget—I do, miss, but. sayin' your pre sume, I wouldn't tell ye a bitav a lie this same blessid nigbt. 'Twasn't me as made it, miss. Not likely, faith ! - The likes! av me handlin' the beautiful silver coffee pot. Ah, no, the masther, he'comes out an' sezhe to me,'he was most particular, an.' did the kittle boil, thaf ivas afore supper, miss, an' be axes me to give him a jug an" the coffee grounds." . . Deb—" You mean tbe cotteeatseii r Bridget—"WelJj,sure, that's thesame thing, miss. Grounds it is, an' a plinty av thim there was, too, for didn't I throw thiin into the bucket wid mo own two hands ?" Deb—"Than your master made the coffee that'night ?•' ' . , •' Bridget—"He put.thim grounds into ihe jug, miss, an' I . poured the .boiling, water omit, an', sez he, ' JTetch me an egg to clear it,' an', shure I did, miss.: An' lie stood, the jug on the atove an\ tells me I'm to bring it in whin he rings afther supper. • An' indade 'twas, a mighty fuss, for he had the cups set out in the pantry, au' tould mo to pour the coffee into. thim the minnit as I heard the bell an' bring 'em in on the silver tray jist as they were." Deb.—"You' didn't, take any of the coffee yourself, Bridget, I suppose Bridget—"No; miss, I did not.; Anj it had been tay, now, I would not have minded a dhrop, but I'm not used to the coffee, miss, an' I don't ever drink it." . . .• Deborah looked at me and I at her. Then wa dismissed Bridget Lehane. : - . "What do you think now?" asked Debbie as the door closed. "The coffee was splendidly prepared.. You remember how strong it was and' the cup3 set out by himself. In one or other he put his vile drugs. We each had a different colored cup. 1 remember noticing that most particularly. . You upset. his calcu lations by upsetting yours. , Mrs. Langrishe drank all hers." ' , , . ' " And you think ?" "I think hers contained poison and that we were intended to sleep too soundly to hear her cries of pain or fear. His plan succeeded with me, but not with you. You woke and that " sound you heard, Nell, was no fancy. It is my belief that if Mary Langrisbe's . body wa3 exhumed, now .there wouldnot boa trace of either food orpoison in the s'tomach. He used that machine in order to destroy, all evi dence." , ■ • - ■ But ho called in another doctor. ■ You know the gardener was sent off at daybreak." " Yes, but she was almost dead then, and he timed the message, knowing it would arrive too late. . . Nell, a word, a hint from-lis, and that body woulahave to be exhumed, and James Langrishe would stand convicted by his own over-caution." I shudderpd. "Bemember," I said, and I held the book towards bbr. "Bemember that even here I • am not sure. I thought I heard that sound, , but I felt as if I were in the agonies of a night mare."-, : "v . She looked at mo steadily. ' ' ... • "You will, not be a reliable witness, Nell," she said. "But, reliable or not, the day will come when, as surely as I now speak, Bate will. make us the instrument of James Langrishe's doom. We _necd not stir hand or foot.'"We need hot' raise a whisper of our suspicions. We may lock these books and put them "aside and try,to .forget "we ever wrote'one word of : the tragedy they; hold, but no lock will close them. No will or wish: of ours can lay the Seal : of eternal secrecy on this " murdered, woman's grave." - I was silent.- - ' . - She held out her hand suddenly and. took the book, then gave it back and pointed to the pens and iiik'on the'table by her side. - ' "Write down that," she said, and in silence I obeyed. V. . "Now," she said, "put your journal away, : Nell,, as I will put . mine. ■ They have served their purpose. We-need' them no more. ' It remains to be seen whether Bate will make them its instruments in the future." • " And you will say nothing?" I asked'' eagerly. . , Her eyes were gazing straight before her, with that strange-inscrutable look I had seen but once before. • . ."I will, say nothing till.the time comes, till his own folly works out his own fate," / End of Nell's diary. 