CHAPTER, IX. , THE. -HALL GHOST. Perhaps tome of my readers may think I was doing wrong in determining to listen to the proposed conference be tween' 'Miss Staggles and: Voltaire. I ? do not offer any excuse, however. I felt that if this man was to be fought, it mast be. by 'his own weapons ; -suebj at any rate, as I could use. I remembered the terrible influence be bad exercised over me, the power of which might not yet be broken^ I remembered Miss Forrest too. Evidently thia mnn nng n villain, and wanted to make her bis wife. To stop such an event, I would devote | my life. Something important might j bo the result of such a conversation. I ' might hear disolosed the seoret of his influence, . and thereby discover the means whereby I could be free, and this freedom might, I hoped, make me his master. Anyhow, I went. The i dark clouds which, swept. across .the sky bad the, pale rays of tho moon, and, clothed in black as I was, it would be difficult to see me amongst tho dark tall trees. I hurried to the summer-house, for I wishid to be there before they arrived, i was suc cessful in this. When I come, all was silent ; so I got behind a large tree, which, while it bid me from any one entering the house, enabled me to bo within ear-shot of anything; that might be said, especially so as 'tho summer house was a rustic affair, and tho sides by no means thick. Silently I waited for, I should think, half an hour ; then a woman came alone. Evidently she was cold, for she Btampod her feet against the wood floor with groat vehemenco. - Minute, after minute passed by, and still there was no third party. Then I heard a low ' hist.' ' You're late,' said the woman's voice, which I recognised as Miss Stag gles'. ' Yes : and we must not stay long.' 'Why?' ' Because I think we are watched. ' ' But wby should we be watched ? Surely no one perceives tbut we are auspicious parties ?' 'I cannot say. ? I only know I cannot stay long.' ' Why, »gain ?' ' I havo much to think about, much to do.' ' And I bave much to tell you.' « I can guess it, I think : but I must know. Tell mo quiokly.' He spoko peremptorily, a3 if he had a right to command, while sho did not re sent his ..dictatorial tones. ' They've been riding togother again lo-day.' ' I guessed it. Bab ! what a fool I've been ! But, there, that may mean nothing.' - 1 '? But it does ; it means a great deal.' 'What?' ' I believe that lie's asked he'- to be his wife. In fact, I'm sure he has.' ' Darkness mid death, lie lias ! And she ? ' 'I hardly know ; But as sure as we aro alive, she likes him;' ' How do you Ijdow this ? ' ' I saw them come in. from their nde, and so I guessed tbot they had become friendly again.' 'Well?' '? Well. 1 met her in the ball. She looked as happy as a girl could well look. I am a woman, so I began to put two and two together. I determined to listen. I went upstairs to my room, which, you know, is c'ose to Mies Gray's and Gertrude's. If you had known girls as long as I, you would know that they usually inaUo friends and confidants of each other. 1 found this to be tiue in the present case. Gertrude had not bean in her room abovotivo minutes befo-e Miss Gray came to the door and asked | to come in. Itrwos icainediatelyciponed', and. ^he, entered. [ ' And what thon ?'. ' I listened.', ; ' Just bo; I expected that. But what did you hear ?' ' I could(not catoh all they said ; but I gathered that they had a delightfnl ride and that Mr. Blake bad made j a declaration of love to Gertrude,' ' And hor answer ?' 'I could not'Catoh that. She spoke too low. Hat I should think it was ? favorable, for there was a great deal of whispering, .and after while! heard something - about that'; dreadful man boing. M r. Blake's enemy.' ' Ah J How did they know that?' ' I gathered, that Mr. Blake told her. Look here, Herod Voltaire ; you are playing a' toSing' game.' ' I playing ,a losing game,? -Do hot fear. I'll win, I'll win, or — or——' Here he paused, as if a thought-struck bim. ' Why don't yom . get' ; an infiuence over her, as you did over Blake ? Then you could manage easily,' (To be Continued .) 