0LL1 P0DBIDA. King David is satisfied that his title is sufficient without tacking on te it the common K.G.MG. distinction. He possesses more power than many a King or Queen and knows it. Aocor- UUlg Mi IUC UM4> ill I UJUK) SUM) VOOU offered a knighthood of the Order of St. Michael and St. George; but, while he appreciates the honor which Her Majesty has proposed to confer npon him, his personal feelings and opinions induce him to decline it. ... It is said, on good authority, that many of those ratepayers at Lalbert, who signed the petition for drifting the Iam1 efii'ra flnr.nrtil CO/Wl fawffiar infra debt, have since seen the error of their ways and withdrawn their signatures to the petition. Some queer old games are, it is said, being carried on in the beds of the now dried-up lakes in the vicinity of Lake Charm. Crops have been sown on Government property without even the ghost of a show of a title. Where the dickens is Crown lands bailiff Samp son 7 » » Onr voices, Lord, we raise j To thee in songs of praise, I On this glad day. Aoapt oargvaLMolwwg - | While we Thy praiee proLong . On this glad day. f Let all unite and sing Hosannae to our King On this glad day ; And celebrate with glee 4 This Diamond Jubilee, As Britons o'er the sea Oil this glad day. For sixty years have we Enjoyed sweet liberty In every way. We praise Thy glorious name, For this long peaceful reign, And echo back the strain On this glad day. We pray Thy guardian care, Wo pray Thee still to spare Our Gracious Queen. On her Thy blessings send, Be Thou her constant friend, And when her reign shall end, God save onr Queen. J. Btwateb, in Lance. We were standing by the fire tide at the pub. one wintry night, Drinking grog and i( pitching fairies" while the lengthening hours took flight, And a stranger there was present, one who seemed quite city-bred — There wus little showed about him to de note him " mulga fed." For he wore a four-inch collar, tucked-np pants, and boots of tan — You might take him for a new chum or ft Sydney city man — But in spite of cuff and collar, Lord I he gave himself away When he cut and rubbed a pipe-full, ani had filled his colored clay ! For he never asked for matches— although in that boozing bind There was more than one man standing with a matchbox in his hand ; And I knew him for a bushman 'spite his tailor-made attire As I saw him stoop and fcusick for a fire- stick from the fire. AnA that mode of weed ignition to my memory brought back The long nights when nags were hobbled on a far North-Western track; Recalled camp fires in the timber, when the stars shone big and bright, And we learnt the matchless virtues of a glowing gidgee light. And X thought of piny aan d-ridge — and J sontehow X conld swear That this tailor.made young johnme had at one time been " out there" 1 < And as he blew the white ash from tho 1 tapering, glowing coal— / Faith 1 my heart went out towards him for a kindred country soul. TheBbeacxe, in the Bulletin, 