Duped by a Duck. A STRaECO story is told by a well-known oyoling tourist, whose personal character is sufficint guarantee for its veracity. It appears that, whilst he was riding one day through a small hamlet, a duck fluttered up from beneath his wheel, to fall apparently dead by the roadside. Its indignant owner, rushing out from a wayside cottage, stopped the cyclist, and gave him no peace until he had paid the estimated value of the duck's life. The cyclist, having settled the affair to the satisfac tion of the bereaved duck fancier, rode on his way, giving no further thought to the matter, till, some time after, again having occasion to pass the same spot, he was surprised when the accident again occurred in precisely the same manner, the second victim of his carelessness bearing a strange family likeness to the duck that he had previously killed. Again the owner rushed forth and mulcted him in damages. His suspioions being aroused by this coinoidence-almost as strange as that experi enced by the elder Mr. Weller on the occasion of his conveying voters to the poll and upsetting them into the river-he stealthily concealed himself behind an adjacent hedge, which commanded a view of the scene of slaughter. Presently he saw what might have been the ghost of his victim stroll casually across the road. At the same time he heard the warning twinkle of a cyclist's bell sounded in the distance. This was shortly afterwards followed by the_appearance of an unsuspecting rider. Beneath his wheel the duck fluttered for a moment, and then lay stiff and stark by the side of the road. As the irate owner again rushed forth to claim damages his intention was at once baulked by the lurking tourist, who, stepping forth from his biding place and picking up the yet warm body of the duck, puffed a volume of tobacco smoke into its nostrils, a restorative treatment that was immediately followed by an indignant and very lively struggle on the part of the ingenious bird. Inquiries subsequently made in the neighbourhood revealed the fact that the duck itself had been the ori ginator of the trick, which the owner observing, and enhancing the effect by a little training, had been made the means of an extensive system of roadside piracy and blackmailing. In fact, as far as the racontour of this interesting anecdote is aware, the duck is still pursuing its nefarious avoca tion to this day.-The Complete Cyclist. On Wednesday night F. C. Lane, at the Natatorium, won the 100 yards scratch swimming race in 1 minute 4 4-5 seconds, beating Hellings's Australian record of 1 minute 5 1.5 seconds. A deputation on Wednesday waited on the Mfinis ter for Defence in reference to the Easter encampment, partionlarly to ascertain whether the cavalry corps in the country were coming to the en campment. The Minister . promised to make immediate inquiries. 