A GREAT 11016; OR, THE U YSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER IX.—(CONTINPKD.) " A» the queen wills." At the same moment a footman entered with the morning mail, which he placed be* aide the baronet's plate. " Are there an; letters for me to day. Sir Geoffrey t" Miss Trevethon demanded, with marked emphasis. " If So, I hope you will let me have them ? It is rather dangerous j work, I should cay, for evcu a guardian to tamper with his ward's letters ?" Sir ^Geoffrey arched his brows in wellbred surprise. " It is indeed, my dear," he answered. 1 4 Surely you do not mean to insinuate that / would tamper with my ward's letters? Assuredly you shall have your letters, Miss TreTelhon, Here they are 1" Lenore received them—two or three from Loudon, one from Fern Hill, the seat of ber chaperon, Lady Halstead, and another from Scotland, bearing the Piedmont postmark. She gave a start, and her fac« flushed hot with shame, Here was her letter at last, and she bad accused her guardian of intercepting it. She cove it open wit a trembling angers, ana ran over its contents. A brief, but exceedingly courteous epistle, Ambrose Gerhart acknowledged the receipt of her letter, and would take great pleasure in assisting her. He thought, nay, he was sure, that he held the key to the mystery of which her letter Bpoke. He bad lived in tbe neighborhood of Black Hollow Grange alibis life, and he had discovered many things relative to that wicrd mansion, of which he had hitherto deemed it unwise to speak, liven now, he feared to trust what he knew, upon p.iper. It would be wiser and safer to all concerned for Miss Trevctbon to make a sccond visit to tbe Haunted Manor. He would be at her service at any time, on any day she chose to mention. If 6he saw fit to coinc on WeJnesday, the fourteenth, or any day following, until tbe close of tbe wec-k, he would be there in waiting, and on any one of these days Miss Trevethon would find a carriage «t Piedmont to convey her to the Grange. His mother's cottage was near at hand, too, where she would receive every attention. In conclusion, Ambrose Gerhart subscribed himself her humble and devoted servant, and begged, if Miss Trevethon proposed coming, she would do so without delay, as in a few days important matteis would compel him to leave for London. Lenore's heart beat with excitement, as she read and re-read this letter. It was a daring step for a ycung girl to make snch a journey alone ; but as we have already hinted, with all her beauty and her gentle breeding, Miss Trevethon was something of a madcap. Almost instantly 6he decided to go- She arose, and placed the letter In her pocket. " If you will do me tbe kindness. Sir Geoffrey, 1 would like the pony carriage ordered round at once." Sir Geoffrey bowed profoundly aB ha rang the bell. I The pony carriage, James, for MissTrevethon," he commanded ; then turning to his j ward, " Lenore, my dear, you are 6urely not leaving Lyndith Hall 1 It is all a jest to worry me." " I am leaving Lyndith Hall, Sir Geoffrey, as I told you I should 1 I may return again to claim niv feiv effects, or I may order them sent to me. In any icase, Sir Geoffrey, I repeat it, our relations are ended for ever, and I bid you good-morning." She swept out of the breakfast-room with a regal bow. " As the queen wills," murmured the baro- net, bowing in bis turn ; but as the door closed upon his imperious ward he broke into a chuckling laugh. " What a little fool she is," be chuckled : " like all other women ! How readily she swallowed tbe bait 1 She fancies she has escaped me 1 Well, well 1 we shall see. As the queen wills ! Ha, ha !" " Send Clotilde," commanded Miss Trevethon, as she entered her dressing-room, and in two minutes Clotilde came, her face doubly aged and wearing tbe hue of death. Poor Clotilde, how ill and wretched yon look," cried her mistress. " I am sorry I was so harsh to you yesterday. I have the letter 1 expected, and I beg your pardon if I accused you wrongfully. There, we are friends again, and I want you to dresB me at once. 1 am going on a journey." "Miss Trevethon, do not go 1" implored Clotilde. " Ob, dear, I must, so do not fret, Clotilde. Dress me quickly ; that's a good soul. IH wear my brown mohair and my sable cloak, for the air is keen this morning," •• Miss Lenore, do not leave Lyndith Hall," continued Clotilde, her eyes piteous in their imploring agony ; "or if you do go, let it be to Fern Hill. Don't—" Tbe young lady's scornful laugh interrupted her. " To Fern Hill—to Lady Halstead's. Tbank you, no ! One season of ber cbaperonage was sufficient. I want to be free. Clotilde— not Lady Halstead's prisoner. There, there —not another word ! Dress me quickly, and don't cry. I must catch the train, for I am going to Scotland, Clotilde." The woman uttered a gasping cry and fell on ber knees at Lenore's feet. " Oh, Miss Lenore, I entreat you not to go," sbe cried, wringing her hande. " Take my advice, and go to Fern Hill," Miss Trevethon turned from he* impatiently. " I must dress myself, I see, since you are not obliging enough to assist me. If you were not looking so wretchedly ill, Clotilde. I should scold you soundly. Have I not said that I will not go to Fern Hill. But cease weeping, you poor, silly soul. I am not leaving you for good. You shall take care of all my treasures antil I return, and perhaps by that time you will have changed your mind, and will cheerfully go with me ?" But Clotilde shook her head in despairing lllence. " My hat now, and my sables, and an extra shawl," continued her mistress. "There, I am all ready, and I hear the carriage coming up the drive." And with a nod and a smile the yonnglady passed out of the room and went down to tbe waiting carriage. " If I had dared to tell her ! Ab, Heaven! if I could have saved her—my poor, pretty Miss Lenore 1" gasped Clotilde, pressing her ghastly face against the glass and watching tbe carriage as it rolled away. CHAPTER X. BETRATED INTO THE TBAP. " Perhaps I am taking a very rash step," mused Miss Trevethon, looking from the car window at the distant Highland peaks white with snow. " This a wild journey for a girl like me to make all alone. And what a dismal afternoon it is I We'll have the snow thick about us in another hour; and I have heard that these H Ighland storms are furious. But I must go on, in spite of wind or weather, for I am determined to fathom that awful mystery. As the afternoon waned, and (he winter storm gathered and darkened, tbe lovely face and brilliant eyes lost something of their wonted vivacity. She shivered and drew ber sables close, straining ber eyes to catch a glimpse of tbe bills beyond which the Hannted Manor " I hope that promised carriage will meet me at Piedmont," she thought. "This Is certainly a dreadful evening for a journey. I am almost sorry now that I came. Surely Ambrose Gerhart will not fail me t Recalling his face, and the service he did me that night, how can I doubt him J And he sajt he holds tbe key to the mystery 1 Shall I be able to lift tbe cloud of disgrace from my poor mother's name ? If so, I shall regret " i nothing that it costs me." Her cheeks bloomed with excitement, her eyes filled with tears, and ber heart gave a rejoicing bound, as the train came to * sudden halt and the shrill voice of the conductor was heard shouting: •• Piedmont Station 1" Bbe aiote, gathered op ber wraps, and massed out to tbe platform. Tbe snow was Cling rapidly, and the wintry ' darkhad already set in; but before Lenore |*d time to look about her, a lad touched her »rin. •• Pleaii, ma'am, are you Miss Trere- (hoof " " I aa Xia> Trevathon." "Theft com* this way, please. Yonder'a the cuius* and Mr. Gerhart's wal"*-* Uao»foUowed him without <* • tfpobt. About twenty ptaad *«1om4 carriage, with a man enveloped in a huge cloak'suddenly • appeared and threw open the door of the vehicle. " Let me assist you, MIES Trevethon. We t •re having wild weather to-night," he eaid, hurriedly, as be grasped ber arm. And before she could utter a word in answer—almost before abe knew what was occurring, Lenore found herself in the carriage, and the door closed upon her with a abarp snap. " One minute, if you please, Mr. Gerhart," she cried, seizing the knob of the door and trying to open it. But the door was locked \ " All right, Miss Trevethon I" a mocking •oics answered, and in another breath the horses dashed off at full speed. " Great heavens 1 what does this mean ?" tbe girl exclaimed, her cheeks white with terror, as she fell back upon the cushions. But in the next instant her fearless spirit rallied, and she bounded to her feet. " Driver, stop the horses this instant. I command you," sbe cried, shaking vigorously at the carriage door. Only the wild wail of the winds, and tbe rear of the gathering storm answered her, and through the pitchy night, which bad fallen suddenly, the carriage rattled on at a reckless pace. She called again and again, and beat against the panels, till ber delicate hands were bruised, but all to no purpose. Tbe carriage did not stop, and only the winds and a burst of exultant laughter answered her. She sat down in tbe chill darkness, the snow beating fiercely against the thick glass of the carriage window; sat down, calm and silent, but with a dreadful presentiment creeping over ber. What could it mean ! Into whose hands had she fallen ? Not for an instant did she believe that Ambrose Gerhart, stranger though he might be, would take such a terrible advantage of the trust sbe bad reposed in bim. But who was her driver, and where was she going ? She saw now, as sbe had not seen before, how rash and foolish sbe bad been, to place herself in 6uch a position, and her proud heart thrilled tumultuously, as she realised her peril. . On went the flying horses through tbe storm, which seemed to gather strength and fury with every succeeding minute, till the girl felt as if she mu6t go toad in her terror and suspense. So deep was the winter darkness, so weird and 'wild the howltngs of the storm, so mad the speed of the horses, that as she tore along Lenore began to fancy that Bhe had fallen into the power of some terrible supernatural Thing, which was hurrying ber on to swift and sure destruction. She had dared to pry into the secrets of tbe Haunted Manor, and this was her punishment. In the midst of these wild fanoies, tbe car riage came to a sudden bait. In a twinkling tbe door was thrown open, and tbe figure of tbe cloaked man confronted ber. " Here we are, Miss Trevethon, at our journey's end. Give me your hand, please." The girl drew back, shuddering with terror, Something in ber voice of this unknown man curdled the very blood in her veins. 4 1 Who are you,sir ?" she demanded, "and ] j , : ! why have you brought me here ?" " To solve the history of the Haunted Manor," replied tbe same voice. And in another instant, Lenore was seized upon bodily, and lifted to the ground. Tbe darkness was impenetrable; the enow beat fierc :ly in her face, and the violent wind shook her like a reed. But she tore herself free of tbe man's grasp all the blood in her veins tinkling with indignant anger. " Touch me again, at your peril," she panted. " Whoever you are, you shall suffer for this night's work." The man's only answer was a laugh taunting, mocking, exultant laugh. Tncn, while the bewildered girl stood straining ber eyes in the vain effort to pierce the deep darkness, he took a whistle from his breast and blew it shrilly. In the space of a minute, another whistle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm, answered from some point above. " All right ; our friends are waiting to welcomc us. Miss Trevethon, will you come /" Lenore struggled to escape from him. " No, I will not go," she answered. " Then I must carry you, that's all." In a twinkling, the huge cloak enveloped ber like a pall, and sbe was caught np and borne away at a rapid pace. She strove to free herself, but' the arms of her captor held her like iron. She shrieked aloud for help, but the heavy garment stilled ber voice, and, in her impotent anger and terror, she remembered, with a pang, that, in the hurry of her departure, she had unintentionally left her little jewelled dagger on her dressing-table at Lyndith Hall. Little use it would have been, however, for she was utierly powerless in her unknown captor's hands. He bore heron, as if she were an infant, up a flight of snow-covered steps, under an arched entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath bis heavy and rapid tread. Poor Lenore was breathless, and almost senseless, and again tbe foolish fancy possessed ber that some awful demoniac being bad ber in bis power. She bad heard the resounding echoes of the flagstones, and knew, by the lull of the winds, that she was being borne into some sort of habitation, but the heavy cloak which enveloped ber head 6but her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and another, and then the man, who held her in his vice-like arms, set ber on ber feet and removed the cloak which had enveloped her. "Now, Miss Trevethon, here we are all right. That was an uncommonly neat job, bringing you here so nicely, it was, by Jove !" For an instant, the girl reeled giddily, but in tbe next her indomitable spirit rallied. Sbe was in a lighted apartment, but several seconds elapsed before she was able to distinguish one object from another. When •be did see, the first object that met her affrighted eyes was ber guardian's face. He bowed to her with mocking courtesy. *' Lenore, my dear, I am glad to welcome you. We scarcely dared hope for your coming this wild night, but here you are, Richmond, my son, draw up a chair for Miss Trevethon." The girl tnrned, and looked at the man who bad brought her thither, and a low cry escaped ber lips. She beheld Sir Geoffrey's •on 1" His dark eyes flashed with brutal triumph at the sight of her terrifiedjamazement, and he burst into a peal of uproarious laughter. Didn't know me, did you, Miss Trevethon?" he questioned, mockingly. "Ab, I deceived you very cleverly." Lenore stood silent an instant, and then her blue eyes began to darken and gleam. " Richmond Trevethon !" she cried, herbosom heaving with the tumult of her imperious anger, "have you dared—" "Of course I have, my dear, he inter-, rupted, " dared to make myself your protector. Naturally enough, too, I take it. Wben a man sees his betrothed wife running wild over the country, it is natural he should follow and take care of her. And,by the way, Cos," he added, with. a diabolical laugh, "you haven't that neat little dagger on band to-nigbt, have youf" Sbe turned from him in wordless scorn. " Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," Bhe said, addressing the smiling baronet, *' perhaps you will give me a plain answer t What is the meaning of this ? Where am If" » My dear child, do you not know ? jfou are at the Haunted Manor, of course. You wished to come here, I believe." A thrill of unutterable horror shook the girl from bead to foot^andsbe glanced about her with distended eyes. The apartment was large, and must, at some time,bave been used as a library, for the dusty shelves still contained a few volumes, and there were some tattered hangings and other articles of furniture faded with age. "The Haunted ManorI"sue repeated, is a husky whisper. " This is the Hsunted Manor, my dear." bowed toe baronet. " Ion seem so anrtoni to investigate it* mysteries, and lam always to willing to Indulge you. As the queen wills, yon know I" Her glorious eyes began to flash again, and the rich color leaped to her cheeks. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,"she cried, the full fcrath of her situation flashing npoa her, •* you did intercept my letters, then I 1 * " I did, indeed, my dear," replied her guarlian. 1 I always make it a point never to 4 force a woman wben I can deceive her ; and fon hare been very neatly deceived, fou must confess 1 Sou did not think for a minute that I would Buffer you to be meeting all aorta of low-bred men ; Ambrose Gerhart, tor Instance ? Of course, as your guardian, I could not." " Why am I here 1 Why waa I made a * *"* Lenore -Iha Uroaefe ton aaA? asawn with • nocking laugh. " My dear, your question brings us to the point," replied Sir Geoffrey. _ We are hpre o celebrate your marriage with my son." Lenore's heart grew faint within her, aa she stood in the dusty old room, with the merciless faces of her two mortal enemies looking down upon her; but her regal eelf- Ktssession did not ;fail, or her flashing eyes : 'alter. She made no answer, and her guardian went on. Ages ago it was a customs with the Trevethons to celebrate their marriages at this old place, and the idea struck *me that you might fancy reviving tho ancient custom ? If I remember rightly, your greatgrandfather was married in this very room ; and bis bride, we are told, was tbe loveliest lady on which the English sun had eves ehone. But I'll wager she was not one whit lovelier than yourself." Utter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went on : " I was sure it would please you, revering all the old customs of your race as you do, to celebrate your nuptials at the Haunted Manor, and here we are. Richmond, throw open the door, and give Miss Trevethon your arm." The young man opened a door to his left, disclosing to the amazed girl an adjoining apartment which seemed in the dim light to be hung with funereal drapery. In the centre of this room stood a table, and before it a dark-robed clergyman, with an open prayerbook in his hand ; and just behind him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill jf relief, as Clotilde.. " Come, my dearest," said Richmond, attempting to take her hand, "submit gracefully to the inevitable, and let the ceremony proceed at once." She wrenched herself away from him, her eyes flashing lightning. " Do not come near me, I command yon, 1 she cried. " Touch me at your piiriL" The young man laughed insolently. " Ah, my little tigreEs, you would' sboir your claws, eh f But even a tigress may be tamed. Come quietly now; you must submit to the tying of the knot." Miss Trevethon turned her indignant glance upon the baronet. " Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," she said, her voice cool and silvery," if you have decoyed me here for tbe purpose of frightening me into a marriage with your son, rest assured you have bad your trouble for nothing. Aa t told you in tbe beginning, I tell you now, I will not marry him. I will die here where I stand rather than speak the words that will make me his wife. " And you, sir," she added, clenching ber white hand and setting ber teeth," only let me regain my freedom, and you shall pay dearly for all this." Tbe baronet laughed softly. " Regain your freedom, my dear,'* he repeated. " My dear Lenore, you are not at all likely to be free for Bome time to come unless you pay tbe required price for your liberty. Listen to me, Miss Trevethon. We tiave no time for theatricals. The night is passing away, and we must get out of this • ild ghost-trap and be on onr road to Paris oefore the day dawns. So listen to reason now, like a sensible girl. As I told you be' fore, it is not likely that ^hat I Bball relin quish tbe hopes of a life-time, and see my son out off from his rightful inheritance, all because of an idle whim on your part. You ire Richmond's wife as it is. You were married to him, at your father's wish t in your childhood, and you are command 2d by your Cather's last will to bold that marriage sa' •:red." She laughed in his very face, in superb and earless scorn. *' 1 repudiate that Billy ceremony of my outh," she exclaimed ; " and you will find t a little difficult to force me to submit to .-our wishes." Tbe baronet's smiling facc bad changed in 1 fearful manner. It was livid with supiressed passion, and his eyes glared like those f a wild beast. «• We'll see!" he answered, in a low, hreatening voice. " That clergyman there, :nd tbe woman who is to act as witness, are •oth mine, sworn to my service. You marry ny son and to-morrow's dawn will see you on .'our way to Rome, and to-morrow's papers vill announce the alliance." " But if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey, vhat then ?" interrupted her fearless voice. " What then t Listen, Miss Trevethon, md you shall hear. If you refuse, tbe cerenony will proceed all tbe same, and the witless will sien the certificate. The sole difference, Miss Trevethon, will be this : The roman Olotil le is bound to my interest, ml she will accompany you and Richmond .0 the altar, and afterwards will certify to jour sudden death in foreign lands while you, my dear ward, will be immured in the black well of this " Haunted House" which you were so anxious to see. No suspicion will attach, added Sir Geoffrey,with one of his diabolical sneers, to tbe advent in a few months of Richmond Trevethon without his young wife in whose right be heirs the vast estates of the Trevethons." Lenore's courage waned, and ber cheeka grew pale, despite all her natural fortitude as she realised the fiendish cunning of those in whose bands, by her rash journey, she had placed herself. She glanced towards her guardian. Sir Geoffrey's facc wore an aspect of lambent acorn and triumph combined ; she turned towards Clotilde, as one woman in deadly peril will to another : the poor woman stood shaking in every limb, her hands clasped in agony, her bloodless face blanched in her utter despair ; and then Lenore's eyea lighted upon the pseudo clergyman who stood line a mocking demon, book in band. *' Now, my dear 1 " questioned the baronet with an amused smile, "don't you see what the result of my 'intrigues' is to be ?" " As you are so obstinate, your demise will be reported from Rome, and all that I have schemed for will come to pass. As for you! ha, ha ! we shall see."- lie seized her by the arm, and drew, or dragged, her across tbel room. Then, lifting tbe thick, black arras that draped the wall, be ran bis hand along the surface of the oaken panelling, and, lo I there was a sharp click, and a door slid slowly aside, as if by magic, revealing a black void, which looked like the entrance to a region of impenetrable darkness. TO BE COHTOTOEB, 