A PERILOUS TASK. It is a popular belief that there is no slave beneath the shadow of the Bridesh flag, but, unfortunately, this idea is hardly borne out by facts. In our West African domains there are many slaves, right under the nose of Consul and Commissioner, too, though generally their servitude is by no metus severe the Government sees to that. As a role, when, on extending authority into new districts, the white officers find a man in the possession of several shvre, they leave him in peace, so 13ng as the latter are not ill- used. It also happered not very long ago, when the b'ack trooks destroyed the stockade of a robber-headman in the Oil Rivers, that the Consul allowed the friendly natives from the coast to appropriate for their own use the offender's slaves. This he did because he knew they would be much better off under his own eyes than in the power of. the bush tyrants. Among the Niger creeks, too children are a valuab!e asset, for their parents sell them openly, and it would be in teresting to know how many native wives some of the white traders have purchased at five pounds' worth of cloth a head. Now, the British Government winks at such things, for the simple reason that these slaves are secure from ill treatment or the risk of being sacrificed to Jo-Ju devils, wile beneath its pro tection; but it has entirely suppressed the shipment of black ivory abroad, and does what it can to put down the ex tensive traffic in human flash, and the horrible midnight raids and village burn ing, which goes on to-day in the wild " hinterland." There Iies in the kingdom of Ashantee, beyond the swampy °orest of the coast, a tract of dry country, covered with rastling plume grass, which was once the centre of much trade in the small African cattle (tiny, cream-coloured beasts, like diminutive Alderneys), and also the fine native cloth, which comes from the looms of Kano, in the far-off Kanusa land. Of late, owing to the ex tension of traffic with the white men, the natives foend it more profitable to raid their weaker neighbours, and sell them for slaves to chop mahogany and gatherrobberfor the traders of the hinter land. A little while ago, it occurred to the Gold Coast authorities that it was time that kind of thing was put a stop to, and accordingly a force of Haussas was sent up into this wild region. One scorching afternoon, the two white officers in charge of the detach ment lounged in monkey-skin chairs in the scanty shade of sweeping palm branches. The elder, Mr District Com missioner Howard, known to his friends as "Daisy Bell," leaned back against their basket-work hut, and his clothing consisted of gauzy pyjamas and native slipoers. He would have dispensed with the latter, too, but for fear of the foot-boring jigger insect, for he was not a man of conventional ideas. The other was a lieutenant lately from England, clad in all the finery of Kahki uniform, snowy pith helmet, and plated buttons, who had a firm belief in his own ability to set things straight generally in the hinterland-once he got the chance. A wiser man would have known better, for Nature is too strong for the European in West Africa, and the negro is case hardened against a hasty civilisation. Presently, Lieutenant St. John broke the silence. " Can we do nothing to put down the abominable raids," he said, "two caravans driven off to Dahomey in a month-it's a disgrace to civilisa ation." Commissioner Howard yawned as he answered :-" Sofrtly, oftly, man catch monkey," is a good proverb. We can't tackle Gwelo unless we can catch him with slaves in his hands-and he is too knowing for that. Besides, the Gov ernor's orders are that there must be no bloodshed, and his place is a strong one. Look at it." The Lieutenant turned his eyes north ward across the-yellow waves of rippling plume grass, over which there quivered a dancing haze, and saw a lonely, fiat topped mountain, rising abruptly from the plain-a patch of dusky purple against the azure heavens. Then a hoarse challenge in the Hanesa tongue rang out through the quivering heat; there was a rattle of arms in the cool shade of the palms, and two tall soldiers, with fear and disgust written upon their ebony faces, came forward, while before them walked a decrepit negro, old and withered, the dried entrails of goats twisted round his waist, and strings of charms about his naked body. "A repulsive object," said the Lien tenant, sniffing, and he was right; hut Commissioner Howard whistled softly, and observed, "Gwelo's Ju-Ju man the Fetish priest tunned Queen's evidence, We'll hear something now." After the nsal greetings, the Ju-Jn man squatted down in the hot dust of the compound, and, working his jigger eaten feet into the red powder, told his story in a whining voice. The District Commissioner and the Haussas gathered the gist of the matter between them, while the Lientenant, who understood no words, looked blankly on until the iolder man turned languidly towards him. "It's an interesting story," he Elaid. "Spiritual and temporal powers of GweIo town at loggerheads, and the spiritual side gives the other fellow clean away. Gwelo thinks the Fetish men are getting too rich, and comforted by what a missionary told him about the limited power of the evil one, has done a kind of Henry the Eighth trick, and confiscated their hoards. They don't like it, so the great high ?hiest of the Jud-Ju devils has come to sy that Gwelo has a big caravan of slaves on the mountain, and that he can show us a bidden path. There'll be fan to night," and the Commissioner chuckled. Then he added: " I suppose you are not afraid of ghosts F" "What foolery is this Y" was the answer, and the Commissioner laushed again as he said : " There are un!imited ghosts in Africa, ghosts [of men, cattle and goats, ghosts of poisoned arrows and spears, and legions of evil spirits. Anyway, it's rather a ghostly place, I believe." Afterwards he spoke sharply in the Hausea tongue," Take him away, sergeant, and feed him. Every man under arms in two hours." Late that night half a company of Haussas struggled out of the plume grass, and cast themselves down, pant ing, upon a shelf of rock which over looked a deep ravine. The perspiration streamed into the Lieutenant's eyes, and his smart tunic was stained with the acrid, yellow dust of the grass plumes, which smarted eyes and nostrils intoler ably. His hands were ela'hed by the saw-edges of the whitening blades : and he began to realise that setting things straight in West. Africa was neither an easy nor a pleasant process. A nauseat o ing odour ro-e out of the black ravine, h while upon its farther side the Gwelo is mountain rose dark, and. shadowy over =t head. Commissioner Bell said wicked things d about the beat, then he drew out his big y revolver, and ostentatioasly loaded every chamber before the Ju-Ja man's eyes. Languid as he seemed, there were few g men, black or white, who could over reach the Commissioner, and he had a ,f way of always turning up. where moss a wanted. :t Then he gave the order, "March; a any man who fires a shot deals with me," e and with a Hanssa bayonet on either , side, and the Commissioner's revolver at y the back of his head, the Ju-Ju man led ir the way down a winding path. When L they reached the bottom it was pitchy d dark, and a clammy mist filled all the a pit-like hollow, a faint phosphorescence L gloaming here and there among the wet n grasses. There was no sound to break a the stillness, until, with their fingers tightening on the rifle stocks, the s Hanssas moved forward, and then a a harsh "crunch-crunch," and a sharp snapping of something dry and brittle, rose out of the mist, and presently Lieutenant St. John .elt a choking in his throat and faltered in his stride. " Hold up; for Heaven's sake don't break down. It's only the damp and d the smell. Here, take a pull at this. 3 Down with it, quick," said Commis ,-sioner Howard, handing a brandy flask e to his shaking comrade; and the latter gasped, "Thanks, I'm better now. d Psh! Let's get out of this awful stench. Where are we, anyway, and what's all that blue shimmering ?" Meantime the Hanssas had halted as though by ho means anxious to go on, e and the Commissioner ra'sed his voice a 1 little. " Forward there. Are the I Moslems afraid of dead heathen ?" he I said sternly, and turning to his com Spanio, added, "We're apparently in y the Gwelo-cemetery or something very like it. Elementary funerals here. They tip the departed over the cliff, o though there are places where they eat I him." 1 The troops went ahead again, while Commissioner Howard swore hard under his breath, for the valley seemed filled e with the lonad crackling, and every now e and then a Hausa tripped up, and went down with a rattle of arms, full length 3 in the tangled, wet grass, from which he emerged shiverirg and shaking. At last, just as they neared the steep, tree-clad ascent, which rose above them, Lieutenant St. John trod upon some thing soft, which yielded beneath his feet, and turned deadly sick as he hurried away. Then they climbed up t wards into the murky blackness beneath groves of paw-paw trees and cotton woods until the foul odours of the death valley grew fainter, and the fragrance of aracia flowers filled the air. Presently the soft tread in front ceased, the Hanssas came to a standstill, and the white, men hurrying forward saw two tal wands setup on either side of the path, decorated with tassels of carious charms. "Great is the magic of the heathen. Even the Moslem dare not pass here," said Commissioner Howard. "Every man to his trade. Bring up Mephis- 4 topheles, yonder." The Ju-J0 man 1 advanced towards the staves with an ugly smile upon his face, and muttering some incantation, held up.his arms while I the troops passed, the Hsussas casting uneasy glances over their shoulder as I they went by ulenching their rifles. A- little later ,the Lieutenant sprang I asi.de, for something whistled aot of the i bnskand sang pasthis head, and next I e moment s. light- ebhafted spear struck | quivering in a paw-paw trunk. The ] sight of a tangible weapon and certain I danger acted like a tonic on the white man, and shaking off the vague, half- t superstitions dread which had crumshed | down his courage, he drew the weapon forth, saying sarcastically," This is the ghost of a spear, I suppose." "No," answered Commissioner Bell, I fingering the blade, "very real steel this | time, and poisoned, too; but if that i fellow gets away it's all up with our raid. I Don't shoot, for your life," and he 1 grasped his comrade's arm as the latter ] pointed his reuolver towards the bush? where there was a faint rustling. The o~licer shook off his grasp, and would I t have bounded into the shadows, for he grew quite hot with indignation at this cold-blooded a'tempt upon his life; but I the Commissioner's fingers gripped his a collar,.and he heard a stern voice say, "Be still, you madman. Do you want to bring the whole place about our ears ? e He will hardly escape the Hausess." So for a space they waited, breathing t hard, and listening to the crackling of undergrowth and rattle of palm branches, while the Ju-J man in the iron grip of d two soldiers, and the Commissioner's i teeth met as he wondered if the Feddah f had betrayed them, It woald have gone very hard with him if he had. Then a faint cry came out of the blackness, b followed by a breaking of bnushes, and p the two white men ran forward until h they saw a Haunasa in a desperate t straggle with anaked negro. TheCorm- r missioner's revolver butt fell like a sledge I hammer upon the black forehead and a the man dropped with a moan, while the o Hauusa straightened his back and t gasped for breath, after which he pro- b ceeded to bind the hands and feet of his e prostrate foe with his own waistcloth Ii torn into strips for the purpose, reviling t him for an accrored heathen meantime. a "Jo-Ju novice, out of harm's way now. Stuflhismouthwithpalmleaves," c said the Commiesioner, and again the t march went on. "Gwelo is not so clever as he thinks," said the Commissioner as they halte4 - far breath later on beneath the rostling a brarchee ofa palm. "The joke of the matter is that he has doubtless armed sentries and a nice little ambush and barbed spears prepared for anyone who approaches his front door. This path is evidently only used by the Jn-.TJ priests 1when they descend to the cemetery for Ssoume ghastly purpose of their- " e He broke off suddenly, for there was a e cluttering overhead, and a long, sinuous object, gleaming even in the blackness, [ slid down the curving fronds of the palm, and fell at the Lieutenant's feet. Then there was an anery hiss, and Com missioner.Howard said hoarsely, " Don't stir if you value your life." Anriflebntt s came down with a dull thud, and the white man sprang aside from something writhing in theleaves. Presently stoop ing down he made ont.a.big snake lying before him with abroken back, while a Hauses, rubbing his Snider heel-plate in a the mould, said in the vernacular, " No man may escape his fate, but the officer man was very near his death this night." As they moved away, Lieuntenant St. IJohn felt that. a little of this kind of thing.would, go a very long way ; then a he turned round, for he heard a sound of dull blows, and saw a group of shadowy forms dancing like pigmies around thereptile. "Only black monkeys," observed the Commissioner. "There's war to the end a between the monkey tribes and the snakes. They are taking it out of him now he's helpless. I've seen human beings do the same." r Eventually, worn out, dripping with \- perspiration,, and .drenchel with dew, the little band, came out upon the fist top of. the. hilly and at a low order sank down behind festoons of trailing creepers on- a low ridge which com manded the village. Before them lay a narrow strip of clearing, and behind it the, black outline of a stockade. There was a dry rustle of palm fronds over head, and from beyond the barrier rose the monotonous ' tap-tap" of a monkey skin.drom and the croon of a mournful chorus, while at intervals a flickering light moved from hat to hut. "We must wait a while. They're sure to get up some kind of a feast to celebrate the raid, and that's always held in the dark. When they're stupid with palm wine we'll seize the gate," said the Commissioner softly, after con sulting with the Jo-Jo man, and silence settled down. Presently a woman lifted up her voice in a long, eerie wail, and Lieutenant St. John shuddered as he lis tened. "The death howl; her hus band's dead," said the Commissioner softly. Afterwards shrieks of pain and the sharp cracking of glass-edged whips of manatee hide rang out through the steamy darkness, and the Commissioner ground his teeth as be listened to the cries of the unfortu nate slaves. When the sound died away the red glow of a fire blazed up in front of a huze basket-work house, and a hideous din of native drums rose into the air, followed by a full-throated and by no means unmusical chorus; and the Commissioner smile I grimly. He knew that inside the chief's house headman Gwelo was making himself drunk among his guests with Jumbo wine, and that presently he would mock at the British Government and revile the name of the White Queen, ignorant of the fact her hand was already lifted to crush him. "Confound them." said Commis sioner Howard, softly bat viciously, shaking the heavy dew from hit thin jacket. " Ill be down again with fever after this. Why those brutes always feast at night. I don't know, any more than I do how to get in, and Apollyon here can't tell me either. We could storm the place, but then someone would get themselves killed, and the Governor would talk. It's a case of 'soffly sofly ' again." Another burst of fierce merriment rang out, mixed with drunken, shouts, and .so, heeding not the handwriting upon the wall. Chief Gwelo, like Bel shazzar of old, held. high, festival and boasted before his guests, knowing not that the enemy were already about his gates, and that he won d be- sternly called to account for the innocent blooe that he had shed. Meantime the two white officers and the Hanssas lay still as the dead among. the-undergrowth, drinking in germs of disease with every breath of reeking, miasma, with the Jo-Jo man among them,,the Commie sioner's revolver muzzle a foot from his breast. Then a gate creaked noisily in the rear of the village, and four dark figures came forth, the flickering glow of a torch falling upon something Long and heavy they carried between them. They halted on the verge of a cliff which overhung the valley, the light shone full upon the rigid figure of a dead negro and again the Lieutenant shnddered. A hoarse voice cried aloud, there was a swajing of shoulders, followed by a sickening thud far below, and the torch went out suddenly. The Ju-Ju man rose to h:s feet, and, whispering to the Commissioner, went forward alone. When he had a start the little party crept out into the clear ing, and, while some movel like flitting ghosts towards the main entrance, which wss not the one that lay nearest, the rest followed in his steps, keeping carefully in the loom of the palms. Then five men moved from the c:iff side towards the opened gate, and Commis sioner Howard gnawed his monotache as halting in the shadows he wonderesi whether the wily Feddah had duped him after all. A moment later there was a sharp challenge from the gateway, and by the smoky glare of a torah the white men saw the Fetish priest waving the sen tries imperiously aside. The men hesi tated. Chief Gwelo's orders were sharp and stern, and they knew he visited his displeasure upon the disobedient with keen steel and scorching flame, but they feared the Ju-Ju devils even more than Gwelo, and the gate was opened wide. Lieutenant St. John caught his breath as he waited for what would hap pen, until a low whistle sounded, and he heard his comrade shouting hoarsely in the Hasss tongue, and there was a rush of many feet towards the gate. Next moment he was through the stock ade, and charging down the main street of the village, revolver in hand, among the bayonets, the Shantis flying wildly before them, until again there was a sharp order, and, while half the men ,aced outwards with rifles at the ready. the rest spread a shining are of steel about the doorway of tLe Chief's house. A mocking voice rose above the cries of the villagers, "Come forth, Gwelo the Great," and the redoubtable raider lurched drunkenly forward, shouting with rage at the sight of the exultant foe, Looking stupidly about in psesroh of a weapon, and finmin non, he ?tag gered forward, and would have hlap upon the bayonets to grasp at his be trayer. A Haussa sergeant called. "Slay him not: emite with the butt,' and a private swung his snider by the muzzle, and striking the headman across the shins,, a negro's vulnerable point, tho.bic warrior went down heao foremostJ(within a foot of the shining steel. Then, as the slave raider and dealers came out one by one, the Government interpreter proclaimed aloud that after five minutes' grace every man seen with arms in. his hands would be shot, and, furthermore, that the town won!d be fired if they did not deposit their wea pons before the white men in that time. So, finding, no escape, for there was a guard at..hboth gates, the Gwelo people yielded with the best-grace they could, sand thus, without the spilling of a drop of blood, the raider was taken red handed. Early next morning, leaving a pile of snapped. spears and broken flintlock guns behind them. the troops marched south, convoying the liberated slavea. Gwelo is in durance vile, and it will be long ere be raids the hinterland again, while the Ju-Ju man, who war prevailed upon to visit Accra as a curio-ity, re cei-ed a liberal rewar , and then, after a'tempting to poison a sick official, who was foolish enough to test his powers fled suddenly by night, and his where abouts are unknown. Probably he did not return to Gwelo for argent reason,. Commissicner Howard smiles his usual languid emile as he tells the story, but the heathen of the Hinterland now treat the warning of that officer with much consideration, and are no wipe eager to incur the wrath of the White Queen. 