The Twin Victorias—Queen and Colony. 1837 1897. When the infant district of Port Phillip was formed into a colony and received the name of the young Queen of the British Empire few fore- saw or could foretell that, as the monarch would live to enjoy the longest and most remarkable reign in our history, the colony would during the sixty years of that reign achieve a prosperity and a growth so rapid and stupendous as to make further record. Such, however, is the fact, for the white settlement of the colony may be said to have practically only commenced with the accession of Queen Victoria. Like the Empire under the present reign, the colony grew so rapidly in importance that nearly a quarter of a century ago it was authoritatively styled in the encyclopaedias of the time as "Although the youngest and in point of area the smallest of the colonies of the Australasian group, already (1874) the most important. In extent of commerce, indeed, it takes precedence of all the other colonies, India alone excepted." One could almost imagine that the young colony has by special dispensation preserved from the taint of convictism in order that its history would be as stainless as the reign of the Sovereign entity after whom it was called. How near to becoming a convict settlement is told in all the diaries. In the third year of the century, and sixteen years before the birth of Her Majesty, Lieutenant-Colonel David Collins, in charge of an expedition of convicts, entered Hobson's Bay, and landed at a spot where the favourite watering place of Sorrento now stands. Although Collins was an expert at colonisation, having had experience at Botany Bay, a very brief survey of the new- found country convinced him that the southern portion of the continent was not a fit place for convicts to live in, and the Collins expedition re- packed its baggage and stores and sailed away to Van Diemen's Land, which seemed to offer a better site for penal colonies. It was from the Sorrento settlement, that Buckley escaped to go through his extraordinary experience with the blacks, who, mistaking him for the spirit of a departed chief, welcomed him as an honoured guest. Buckley lived with the aborigines for over thirty years, and is known to our history as the Wild White Man. The regular settlement of the district may be said to have started, however, from that expe- dition of convicts, for the son of one of the prisoners was a free lad of eleven, who had been allowed to accompany his father on his transportation. This was John Pascoe Fawkner, who, as he grew up in Van Diemen's Land, cast the eyes of a pioneer upon the country which the short-sighted Collins condemned as useless for colonisation purposes. Other keen eyes and shrewd heads cast an eye of favour on the spot, and, indeed, got the start of Fawkner. John Batman, with a party of three whites and seven New South Welsh blacks, arrived in Hobson's Bay in a 30-ton schooner, and, landing, purchased from the native chiefs six hundred thousand acres of the country, including the sites on which Melbourne and Geelong are now situated. It was after concluding this bargain— the "consideration money" taking the form of blankets, tomahawks, cutlery, beads, etc., worth in all about £200, and an annual tribute of about half that amount—that Batman rowed up the Yarra and selected the site of the present city, with his memorable remark "This will be the place for a village." The Home Government, however, refused to confirm the conveyance of the lands, and " the place for a village" passed out of Batman's posses- sion. In the same year Fawkner's party came over from Van Diemen's Land, and were followed later by Fawkner and his family. Gradually settlement spread, and at the beginning of the year of Her Majesty's accession (1837) the popu- lation of the district was returned at 224 persons —186 males and 38 females. The city had been surveyed by a New South Welsh Survey Party, the chief officer of which, Mr. Robert Russell, is still living, and, considering his age, 90, is hale and hearty. The fact that one of the persons who laid out the streets of Melbourne is still amongst us is, in itself, a remarkable and unique proof of the rapid growth of what has been known as the Queen City of the South. It was in 1837 that Melbourne may be said to have received its official creation, for in that year the first Vice- regal procession, if it could be so termed, took place. Sir Richard Bourke, the Governor of New South Wales, came down in person to visit the new settlement and was duly received with loyal demonstrations from the few but patriotic subjects of His Majesty King William IV. This was of course a great event for the little place, and as three months later the King died and was succeeded by his niece, Victoria, there is but little anachronism in regarding the growth of the settlement as contemporaneous with the accession of the Queen, or in regarding the land we live in and the lady whom we all respect and love as THE TWIN VICTORIAS. —— "The fierce light winch beats upon a throne and blackens every blot" has never burned with more searching penetration than during the long record reign of Her Majesty Victoria the First. The enormous spread of journalism, the freedom of speech that has kept pace with the liberty of the Press, the extent of education and the competition amongst the providers of news have caused the most trivial acts of the Crown to be closely watched and criticised with an outspokenness that would not have been tolerated in previous reigns, or would have been rewarded with the Tower and a trial for high treason. This fierce glare of publicity and criticism has, however, only served to make Queen Victoria shine forth more brilliantly as a model for example, whether as Queen, Wife or Mother. The breath of scandal has never assailed her, although she has lived through a phenomenally long widowhood and has sprung from a stock that was not always proof against the temptation to forsake the path of virtue for the pleasanter, though less reputable, ways of vice. Even the great Elizabeth, living in a time of less light and less freedom of speech than now, compares unfavourably in history with our present Sovereign. It is not intended in this article to enter into a long biographical record of Victoria the First. Every schoolboy knows that on the death of her uncle, William IV., Victoria I. succeeded to the British Crown, that she was born on the 24th May, 1819, was the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Kent, that her father was a son of George III., through whom Our Queen claims. Her father dy- ing when she was an infant, and the failure of legitimate issue to her uncle, caused the young Princess Victoria to become a very im- potant personage. Re- garding it almost certain that the Princess would some day be called upon to ascend the throne, her mother, the Duchess of Kent, paid special attention to the training and education of her daugh- ter, who had been chris- tened Alexandrina Vic- toria. With the assistance of the Duchess of Northum- berland, the mother trained the young prin- cess with a loving care and a due regard for the exalted position which she was after- wards to occupy. Not only was she thoroughly instructed in the politer accomplishments suit- able to her sex, but, under the careful guid- ance of Lord Mel- bourne, she was thoroughly versed in English politics and the principles of the British Constitution. She was an expert in drawing and music, and con- siderably skilled in modern languages. She ascended the throne on the death of William, 20th June, 1837, was proclaimed on the following day, and was crowned on the 28th June, 1837, married Prince Albert on the 10th February, 1840. The union was an especially happy one, the Queen finding in the Prince Consort, not merely lover and husband, but wise " guide, philosopher and friend." The happy married life was, however terminated all too soon by the untimely death of the Prince Consort on 14th December, 1861, since which time the Royal Widow has remained constant to the memory of her husband. The Queen has had issue of her marriage five daughters and four sons. Royalty, however, has no talisman against sorrow, nor can palace walls keep out sickness and death. The Princess Alice, who had been married in 1862 to the Grand Duke of Hesse, died on the 14th December, the anni- versary of the death of her father ; Prince Leopold died a few years later, and Her Majesty's cup of sorrow was filled to overflowing by the death of her grandson, Prince Eddie, the eldest son of the Prince of Wales. It is, therefore, little to be wondered at that Queen Victoria prefers a retired life, and takes but little pleasure in frivolous amusements or occupation. With so many of her loved ones gone from her, it was only to be expected that a woman so naturally and earnestly religious should desire almost monastic seclusion and the serious comforts of the Bible. So far as social functions are concerned Her Majesty's duties have been to a great extent undertaken by the Princess of Wales, whose popularity ever since she came over to London to be married in the year 1863 has been the darling of the English people. The Princess' duties are now somewhat relieved by her daughter-in-law, the Duchess of York. From the first day of Her Majesty's accession to the present time, she has commanded the admiration and respect, as well as the love and Lieutenant-Col. Collins, Commander of the Convict Expedition which Landed at Sorrento in 1803. The Residence of Bishop Perry at Jolimont. Mr. Robert Russell, of the Survey Party who Laid Out the Streets of Melbourne, and is still Living at Richmond, Victoria. loyalty, of her subjects. Of her Macaulay wrote : " In Queen Victoria her subjects have found a wiser, gentler, happier Elizabeth." Thackeray concluded the last of his four lectures on the Georges with a tribute to Her Majesty, whilst indulging in scathing denunciation of George the Fourth. " What is it," he asks, "to be a gentleman? Is it to have lofty aims, to lead a pure life, to keep your honour virgin : to have the esteem of your fellow-citizens, and the love of your fireside to bear good fortune meekly ; to suffer evil with constancy ; and through evil or good to maintain truth always? Show me the happy man whose life exhibits these qualities, and him we will salute as gentleman, whatever his rank may be ; show me the prince who possesses them, and he may be sure of our love and loyalty. The heart of Britain still beats kindly for George III.—not because he was wise and just, but because he was pure in life, honest in intent, and because according to his lights he worshipped heaven. I think we acknowledge in the inheritrix of his sceptre, a wiser rule, and a life as honourable and pure; and I am sure the future painter of our manners will pay a willing allegiance to that good life, and be loyal to the memory of that unsullied virtue." A more recent writer bears this testimony to the sovereign :—" No monarch has so thoroughly comprehended the great truth that the powers of the Crown are held in trust for the people, and are means and not the end of Government. This enlightened policy has entitled her to the glorious distinction of having been the most constitutional monarch this country (England) has ever seen. No less important and beneficial have been the examples set by Her Majesty and her late consort in the practice of every domestic virtue. Their stainless lives, their unobtrusive piety and their endeavour to educate the Royal children so as to be a pattern to every other family in the kingdom, have borne rich fruit in the stability of the Throne, and have obtained for the Royal Family of England the respect and admiration of the civilised world." Even making all allowances for our necessarily partial estimate of the times in which we live, it may be safely predicted that the future historian will admit that the Victorian era has been one of the most remarkable in the history of England. It is remarkable not merely from its unprecedented length as for the introduction, but for the setting up in high places the same rigorous standard for morality demanded of less exalted Christians. No era can show such advances in science, in education and in all things having for their object the amelioration and advancement of the human race. It is appropriate that such a reign should have witnessed the steady emancipation of womenkind and that Her Majesty's exemplary life and strictly Christian life has improved the morality of our times. The frail noblewomen of past reigns have no place at Court now, and it may be predicted that never again will an English King dare to ennoble a beautiful woman as a reward for royal "value received." All the legis- lation of the Victorian era has been for the improvement of the bulk of the people. The reforms initiated by the wise statesmen during the present reign have, in almost every case, aimed at securing the greatest good of the greatest number. The political leaders of the times have been for the most part able, wise and moral men. They form a brilliant array of names, beginning with Melbourne, and running through such well-known figures in recent history as Peel, Russell, Derby, Palmerston and Disraeli, and con- cludes with the Gladstone and Salisbury of our own day. It must not be supposed that the Queen is a mere figure-head of monarchy. Quite the reverse. There are few politicians so well versed as Her Majesty, and whilst as a constitutional Sovereign being guided in her acts by the advice of her responsible Ministers, Queen Victoria is known to hold very well-defined and strong opinions on most current topics, and what are known as " burning questions " or popular reforms. Yet withal Queen Victoria is essentially a domestic woman. In an interesting souvenir volume published under the title of " Victoria R. and I.," by Messrs. Ward Lock and Co. ; the writer, Mr. David Williamson, gives a detailed account of the manner in which an average day is spent by the Sovereign. " When the Queen," says Mr. Williamson, " has taken breakfast alone, or in company with Princess Beatrice, she reads a portion of the Scriptures—she is a thorough student of the Bible—inspects her Birthday book, glances at her private correspondence from Russia, Germany, Denmark, Sandringham and elsewhere, and begins the " business " of the day by listening to important news read aloud from the Times. This programme is often carried out on a bright morn- ing in a tent, for the Queen likes plenty of fresh air, and not seldom breakfasts at Frogmore or in the grounds of Osborne, and spends the rest of busy morning out of doors. Despatch boxes and the letter from the Leader of the House detailing the previous night's doings in the House of Com- rnons, await the Queen's consideration immediately after breakfast, or a Cabinet Minister has audience with her before returning to town. Then comes a drive, followed by a simple luncheon. The list of guests for Her Majesty's dinner party has to be finally completed, and telegrams are despatched accordingly. After lunch there are possibly more State documents for signature, as well as private letters to be written. The Queen is a first-rate correspondent, as her relatives have good reason to know. She remembers birthdays or other anniversaries with loving generosity as regards her grandchildren and great grandchildren, and with sympathetic thought as regards her older descendants." " In the afternoon there is usually another drive, concluding in time for tea, after which some book, such as Nansen's ' Farthest North,' is read aloud, while the Queen does fancy-work, probably for a charitable object. About half-past eight the Queen's dinner party will be assembling—a Cabinet Minister or two, a distinguished general and his wife, a famous traveller, an Ambassador and the usual suite. The Queen bows to her guests, and takes her place at the table with the most distinguished man on her right. With him she converses in low tones, and, if he be newly returned from a distant part of the Empire, she will make many inquiries as to the conditions under which her subjects live. " The Queen says a few words to each of her guests before retiring to her boudoir, and these words always prove her acquaintance with their career and work. Occasionally the dinner is fol- lowed by tableaux vivants or by music. In this case there are usually extra guests invited from the neighbourhood. The Queen never fails to thank any artists who minister to her pleasure, and accords personal interviews to the more pro- minent ones. Often she requests their signature in a handsome Birthday Book kept for this pur- pose. At the conclusion of the evening there may be a late despatch-box claiming attention before the Queen can rest. But she is at last able to retire, with the consciousness of having accom- plished a longer and more valuable day's work than any woman in her realm." Under Victoria's wise and constitutional reign the British Empire has extended and the colonies have grown so in population, wealth and import- ance as to have earned the style of Greater Britain. The discovery of gold in Australia is one of the events of the reign which has added immensely to the wealth, not merely of England but of the world. Of a necessity in such a long-reign all has not been peace and prosperity. England has been engaged in the Crimean War, to say nothing of the little wars against coloured races. The Victorian Era has, however, been spared the calamities of a civil war such as convulsed the United States, nor has she had to undergo such revolutionary changes of government as those experienced by France and Spain. One dark Melbourne in 1837. Sketch of Collins-Street Made From Batman's Hill (Now Spencer-Street Railway Station) By Mr. Robert Russell. Melbourne in 1897. From Post Office Tower Looking North East. chapter in her history is that bloody one of the Indian Mutiny. But the advances made, in the progressive march onward, a march accompanied with wonderful inventions, discoveries and explora- tions, the acquisition of Empire and better, per- haps, than all a steady improvement in spread of education far more than outweighs the dark shadows of the picture and leaves Her Majesty's long rule of sixty years bright, and shining a record reign in the progress of Britons, a record reign in point of years and a record reign in the wisdom and virtues, public and domestic, of the revered and august Sovereign for whom this year millions of subjects in every quarter of the globe will send up the heartfelt, prayer— " GOD SAVE THE QUEEN." As already stated, the colony of Victoria may be regarded as being contemporaneous with the Queen Victoria, although at the time of the Queen's accession the little settlement was known as Bearbrass and Port Phillip. When Sir Richard Bourke, as the representative of King William, came to the settlement in 1837 he gave the township or village the name of Melbourne, and thus definitely christened what was afterwards to be the capital of the flourishing colony of Vic- toria. Some idea of the small start that had been made sixty years ago may be formed from the reproductions of sketches made by Mr. Robert Russell, the surveyor, who helped to lay out the streets and, so to speak, cut the long clothes for the just born infant settlement. Such population as was here elected to make the western portion of the "city" the chief or business part. This was in all probability due to the Falls preventing any navigation further east. A curious circumstance in connection with the founding of Melbourne was the discovery of a map of the capital as it had been projected by Batman when he made his purchase from the aboriginal chiefs. In this he had marked a site on the south side of the river as a township, and the north was to be reserved for a common. However, the annulling of the contract of sale by the Home Government rendered the Batman plans abortive, and the Batman "association " was fain to let the land go and received £7000 by way of compensation. It reads like a wild romance to learn that within the memory of men now living the site of St. James' church, and all that block of offices and places of business, was appropriated by Batman for a sheep station, and that Batman actually built his shepherd's hut there, but afterwards removed and "squatted" on Flemington Hill. Gradually the little community increased by arrivals from Sydney and Van Diemen's Land, and consequently the habitations of "wattle and daub" multiplied and spread, but still were for the most part in the western portion of the present city round Market- street and Flinders-lane, where the large pile of buildings known as Market square now stands and, which was formerly known as the Western Market. Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons occupy one of the favoured comers, and the now well-known Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation of London have their local premises looking out at the spot where once stood Johnny Fawkner's primitive hotel. Accident Insurance Companies were little thought of in those days, and it is interest- ing to note that some modern companies grow with even greater rapidity than even Marvellous Melbourne. The following particulars as to the extraordinary growth of a company will be interesting: —Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation Limited of London. Chairman of Directors—Thomas Hewitt, Esq. General Manager and Secretary— Pichard J. Paull. The Evolution of a Great Company—a Quarter of a Century of Progress. Twenty-five years ago accident insurance was comparatively in its infancy in England, and of the many companies transacting business in the World's Metropolis to-day only four were then in existence. Fidelity guarantee business appears, however, to have obtained a strong hold, and to have been in 1871 thoroughly established in public favour. Accident insurance in 1871 could indeed be broadly divided into personal accident and railway accident, the wide range of compensation now granted being then practically unknown. Formation of the Ocean. It was in this year, 1871 that the powerful company now known as the Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation Limited was projected in London. The original title of the Ocean, however, was the Ocean, Railway, and General Travellers' Assurance Company Limited, this designation clearly indicating the character of the business which the company proposed to undertake. The prospectus, which was issued in the month of November of that year, stated that the capital was to be £200,000, in 40,000 shares of £5 each of which upwards of 10,000 had been privately subscribed, and deposits paid thereon, with power to increase. Business Commenced. The Ocean, successfully floated, commenced business on 1st February, 1872, and it may be mentioned that at the statutory meeting held on 11th April, it was stated that about £65,000 capital had been subscribed, and £18,000 paid up. The board was a strong one, consisting of the following gentlemen.—Mr. Nathaniel Alexander, director of the London and County Bank ; Major-General H. P. Burn, director of the Oriental Bank ; Mr. T. J. Fallon, Mr. R. P. Harrison, C.S.L., director of the National Bank of India, Lieut.-Colonel T. J. Holland. C. B., K.C.T. ; Mr. Henry Solomon, Mr. Edward Smith. F.R.S., MD. ; Mr. John Jenkins, and Mr. Arthur K. Thompson. The first manager of the company was Mr P. M. Tait, a gentleman well known and of wide influence in insurance and financial circles. So early as April, 1872, the Ocean had obtained a special Act of Parliament in order to enable it to commute the stamp duties on its railway accident insurance business. The Recent Progress of the Company. The more recent progress of the Ocean, its pur- chase of the Imperial Union Accident Insurance Company, and the extension of its business to the United States and Canada, have already been so fully dealt, with by other writers as to need no detailed reference here. But, as illustrating the remarkable advance made by the Corporation since 1889, the year in which the fusion of the Ocean and General Guarantee and Ocean, Railway, and General Accident Companies took place, we may give the figures of premium income and Melbourne in 1837, on the Occasion of the Visit of Governor Bourke. From the Original Sketch by Capt. (Afterwards Admiral) King, R.N., March 1837. The Following Key to the Letters Appearing at the Foot of the Sketch Appears on the Original : (A) Batman. Mount Macedon in the Distance. (B) Captain Hobson, H.M.S. Rattlesnake, Feeding Natives (C) Mrs. Lonsdale Feeding Poultry. (D) Captain Lonsdale and Child. (E) Buckley. (The Loyal Sketcher did not Care, or Dare, to Label Vice-Royalty, So he Adds) : The Governor is Seen Approaching with his Private Secretary. His Camp is in the Distance. Melbourne in 1897.— From Post Office Tower Looking East. funds, exclusive of paid-up capital, since that date. They are as under:— Funds exclusive of Year. Premium Income. Paid-up Capital. 1889 ... £50,212 ... £26,323 1890 ... 54,302 ... 36,276 1891 ... 60,719 ... 47,739 1892 ... 71,600 ... 69,528 1893 ... 88,342 ... 108,840 1894 ... 123,064 ... 135,147 1895 ... 190,898 ... 162,973 1896 ... 245,258 ... 201,414 In addition to the above funds, policy-holders have the security of the Corporation's capital. The authorised capital is at present £400,000, in 80,000 shares at £5 each. Of these shares, 52,744 have been issued, on which there is £100,000 paid up. With a financial position of such strength, the Ocean offers the most complete security for the fulfilment of every obligation it undertakes. The Ocean in Australia. The Board of Directors having determined to extend the business of the Corporation to Australia, appointed Mr. J. J. Allen, of Sydney (well known in the insurance world) to the position of general manager for the colonies. The head office for Australia was established in Pitt- street, Sydney, by that gentleman, under his personal supervision, and in successive order branches were opened in Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, and recently in Perth (W.A.). The Victorian branch has just completed its second financial year, and its success—in the face of bad times and intense opposition—of the two years has well warranted the confidence and enterprise shown by the Home authorities in establishing branches in Australia. The new features in accident insurance introduced here by the Ocean have been quickly appreciated by the Vic- torian public, and as a consequence are being imitated as closely as circumstances will permit by other institutions, and the prompt and liberal settlement of claims—so marked a feature of this corporation—has resulted beneficially for the whole of the insuring public throughout Victoria. The Ocean is fortunate in having as its Victorian manager, Mr. David Clyne, whose twenty years' association with the National Insurance Company of Australasia has naturally made him known to a very large section of insurers. Mr. Clyne's efforts have been ably seconded by Mr. Charles A. Bridford, accountant to the branch, whose many years' experience in the accident departments of the Colonial Mutual and Guardian Companies have been practically profitable to this new branch of an old institution. The other members of the Ocean staff, composed of thoroughly qualified men, well deserve the commendation given them in the report of the last general meeting recently to hand. The corporation's chief medical officer for Victoria is Dr. Geo. Cuscaden, of Collins- street, Melbourne. Mr. Russell's drawing was taken from the original sketch made by Captain, who was after- wards Admiral King. The notes appended as a key to the sketch are somewhat amusing when read by the light of to-day. Captain Hobson, of H.M.S. Rattlesnake, is described as feeding friendly natives, whilst Mrs. Lonsdale, by way of showing that women were determined to be practical pioneers, is feeding poultry. Buckley, the wild white man, is given a place in the picture. The most noticeable feature of the sketch, however, is the intimation underwritten that "The Governor is seen approaching with his private secretary— his camp is in the distance." Sir Richard Bourke and his private secretary share an umbrella between them as they walk from their camp. The growth of the district may best be compared by a glance at the Vice-regal processions of to-day and at the " camp" which is now erected at South Yarra, where His Excellency Lord Brassey is lodged, and from which on State occasions he is not compelled to "go whacks" in an umbrella with his attendant private secretary. This view of Early Melbourne is taken from the Yarra, somewhere about the end of King or Spencer streets. The landmarks that existed for the pioneers have been utterly swept away by the mordant march of stone, brick and mortar. Those who remain of the first settlers find a difficulty in locating the early spots. " I feel," said Mr. Robert Russell to the writer the other day, when he came in to be photographed tor Punch, "like a man walking in a dream. It is the Story of Rip Van Winkle. Everything is so familiar, yet everything is so changed. There were streets, but they were not crowded like they are now ; they had land all round them, so that it is very difficult to say definitely where one of the old places actually stood unless it was built on a corner." It is generally conceded that the site pictured in this early sketch of the Commandant's house, upon the occasion of the visit of Sir Richard Bourke, was intended to embrace Flinders and Collins streets (in addition to the distance further north) included between Spencer or King and William streets. What that portion of the present capital of Victoria is now in the year of the record reign, or what it has been for many years past, the reader does not require to be told. Tram-lines run along the streets, palatial market buildings and crowded shops and ware- houses elbow each other for breathing space, and the head of the octopus railway system bounds it on the west, and with far outreaching arms circles the whole of the city and suburbs. Where the artist stood to make his sketch there is now the din and rattle of tramcars and of heavily-laden lorries taking to the wharf their loads of exports. Foot- passengers keep up a steady stream along the streets, and whilst sailors and longshoremen loiter about the publichouses and shops of Spencer-street the lorry- drivers are busy in Flinders- lane, and the merchants, the shippers and managers of companies are not less, though more statelily, busy in Collins- street. Aladdin's palace was less remarkable for its rapid growth than the transforma- tion that has here taken place " within the memory of men still living." This is not an exceptional case confined to any par- ticular locality. The same lightning change and enor- mous growth marked the whole settlement. Even the eastern portion of the new loca- tion spread and adventurous spirits trusted them- selves and risked their lives by adventuring to Fitzroy and even to Heidleberg. But the city proper may be said to have reached its extreme limits eastwards at about Swanston- street in Collins-street. In Bourke-street the hill was not so abrupt, and consequently there were attempts to push out in that direction. In the late forties, an adventurous pressman having made a purchase of land in Spring- street, built and started his housekeeping there, but when the first baby was born, it was recognised by father and mother that Spring street was too far out of town to be safe from lawless whites and supposedly cannibal blacks, so that a return was made to civilisation, which, in this particular instance, was some- where about the site of Temple Court. About this quarter and westerly were the " desirable villa residences," suitable for a gentleman's family, for al- though there was a disposi- tion to get into the low-lying or level portions — for con- venience of haulage—Eliza- beth-street, the now busy thoroughfare, contained an awkward gully, which under the pressure of a heavy rain- fall rose to the dignity of a creek, which left unpleasant ponds and dangerous quag- mires as barometrical records. One of these was facetiously known as Lake Cashmore, from an early shopkeeper, who set up at the corner of Eliza- beth and Collins streets. Now that corner is portion of the fashionable and business part of Melbourne. A towering building, the offices of an American Insurance Company occupies one corner ; stately edifices fill the others, and but a few yards away from the "lake" and creek of young-old times is situate on "the Block" proper the premises of Misses Shanklin and Wright, the florists. Grass and mud grew there in the beginning of Her Majesty's reign. Now growing in the street they have to be produced in suburban nurseries, and brought to town to supply the wants of the beaux and belles, who would shudder at the bare idea of a dirty pond in such magnificent thoroughfares as Swanston or Eliza- beth streets. The rival " fathers of Melbourne" were Bat- man and Fawkner. That was in the days when our local world was young, when bicycles were unknown and Dunlop Tyres had not imprisoned the cir- cumnambient air. John Batman was born in 1800, at Parramatta, New South Wales. Tall and dashing, energetic and courageous, he was cut out for what he really was, a capital specimen of the thorough bushman. Passing over to Van Diemen's Land, he led a daring, active life there, rendering good service in assisting to " stamp out" the plague of bushranging, with which the island colony was then infested. In 1825 he captured Brady, an escaped convict, who had taken to the bush and committed, several depredations—a feat which the Government rewarded by the grant of a thousand acres of land. In the project of quieting the residue of the aboriginal population, by impounding them on Forres- let's Peninsula, Batman also distinguished himself but, in the " Black War," he was said to be as remarkable for his knowledge of the bush and com- passion for the natives as for skill in their pursuit : and for the services so given he obtained a further grant of two thousand acres of land. He did not long survive his coming to Port Phillip, and, after a lengthy illness, died at Batman's Hill on the 6th May, 1839 ; and at 11 a.m. of the 8th was buried in the then very new, but now almost forgotten, old cemetery. He had a family of one son and seven daughters, but the former, whilst a mere boy, was accidentally drowned in the Yarra some years after. It is a strange coincidence that on Batman's first meeting with the native chief Charles Joseph LaTrobe, a Former Governor of Victoria. Governor LaTrobe's Residence, Jolimont. Governor Brassey's Residence. Lord Brassey. Present Governor of Victoria. The Old Bank Australasia. Ocean Accident Company's Office, Market-Street. (Jaga Jaga), they were astonished at his seeming to them to be an exact counterpart of a brother who had died very recently, the resemblance corresponding in every peculiarity except colour, even to the loss of a front tooth ; and thence, until Batman's death, the younger of the brothers evinced the deepest affection for him. John Pascoe Fawkner was a Londoner, and born 20th August, 1792. When only eleven years old he, with his mother and sister, was permitted to accompany his father, a convict in the Collins Expedition. The abortive penal settlement at Sorrento has been already referred to, and after the transfer of the party to Van Diemen's Land, young Fawkner struck out for himself and lived for some years at Hobart- town. He worked in a saw-pit (of which he often spoke in after years), took a hand at many things, and, gifted with some of the attributes which win success, won it accordingly. Once he got into trouble as an accessory in the attempted escape of some convicts from the island, but he never so sinned a second time. With an education of a very restricted kind, he was a voracious reader — devouring, but not digesting. He was glib of tongue, choleric and disputatious, and it is, therefore, not much wonder to hear of his having practised as an advocate in the old Police Court at Launceston, especially at a time when practitioners were scarce, and readi- ness and bounce answered just-as well as law. Though, as a rule, very abstemious, he seems to have had a special penchant for public-houses, and accordingly became the landlord of the Cornwall Hotel at Launceston ; and was actually the father of the Northern Press of Van Diemen's Land, for, in 1829, he established the Launceston Advertiser. As a journalist, it is said of him that he never soiled his hands with secret service money or bribes, at a time and under conditions when such perquisites were not unknown, and that in his own fashion he took a sincere interest in the welfare of the community in which he lived. He died in Melbourne one the 4th September, 1869, an honourable member of the Legislative Council, and so much esteemed that over 200 carriages were present at his funeral, and 15,000 persons lined the streets on his burial day. And such were the two "Johns"—the earnest fathers of our Victoria, whose names will be in- separablv entwined in its past and future history. It is remarkable that neither of them left issue in the male line, and so far they have become lineally extinct. There has been much disputation as to whom should be accorded the honour of the "white foundation of the colony," but all the evidence obtainable points to the facts : That the Grimes' party were the first European arrivals at the site of the future capital ; That William Dutton was the first resident at Portland ; That Batman was the first prospector of Mel- bourne and Geelong; and That Fawkner's party—five men and a woman— were the bona fide founders of the present great metropolis. [The mezzotint from which our portrait of the Queen is reproduced is the work of Mr. Tom Humphrey, of Messrs. Johnstone, O'Shannessy and Co. For the views of Melbourne from the Post Olfice tower (photo'd by G. W. Wilson) we are indebted to Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, of Little Collins-streeet.] In 1837 the settlers felt the spirit move them to the extent of having a regular place of worship. There was then a sheep pen, belonging to Batman, on the spot where St. James' Church, in William-street, is built, and this soon had to make way for the "fold" of a "flock" of a different kind. The erection of a place of worship was decided upon, and grant of five acres was made by the authorities. A poor structure was raised by public subscription, and thenceforward the Church of England had in the new settlement "a local habitation and a name." The congregation was not satisfied with the temporary structure, and early in the following year a public meeting 1 Portrait of John Batman, From a Likeness Supplied by his Grandson. 2. Batman's Ascent of the Yarra : This will be the Place for a Village. 3\. View of Melbourne in 1839, the year of Batman's Death. was called for the purpose of collecting funds for the erection of a proper place for episcopal worship. It was not, however, until the end of 1889 that episcopal matters had arrived at a sufficiently definite shape as to warrant the laying of the foundation stone, which ceremony was performed by the Superintendent of the District, Mr. C. J. Latrobe. Mr. Russell before- mentioned being the architect, and the Right Reverend William Grant Broughton, " Lord Bishop of Aus- tralia Sole Trustee." In 1841 the number of Episcopalians was returned as 4626, the Melbourne contingent being over half that number. About this time a movement was commenced amongst those-who had migrated past Swanston-street for a church on the Eastern Hill—Eastern Hill meaning in those days anything easterly from Swanston-street to the horizon. As an illustration of the unknown local orient it is only necessary to draw attention to the reproduction of an old drawing showing Collins-street as seen by a spectator looking west. The tree that appears in the foreground is located by old colonists as having stood about opposite the site of the present Argus office. Swanston-street is practically hidden by the hill on which the artist or spectator stands, and the fashionable Block, afterwards known as Germain Nicholson's corner, is a garden. The Diamond Jubilee of the Church of England may be dated from 1837, but the event which had so much bearing upon the progress of the church in this district still lacks a few months of the Jubilee term. In January, 1848, Bishop and Mrs. Perry arrived, accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Macartney, Mrs. Macartney and eight children. It need scarcely be added that the Dr. Macartney mentioned was the late Very Reverend Dean of Melbourne, who recently died at a patriarchal age. The new bishop received a hearty welcome. Tem- porary arrangements were made for his lordship's sojourn at an hotel, and later he was inducted into a cottage at Jolimont. It was comfortable, but neither in comfort nor in size could it compare with the Bishop's Palace of later years. Although the drawing closer of church and stage is a matter of recent growth, the young colonists did not allow their religion to prevent them from enjoying the pleasures of the play- house. A theatre called the " Pavilion" was opened in 1841 on about the site of Cole's Book Arcade, or a little more westerly. It was a trumpery affair, and did not deserve the name of a theatre for it swayed in the wind, and the audience was occasionally left in darkness, as the illumination was by bad candles fixed in scon- ces. It was not waterproof, and when the night was wet the actors and specta- tors were treated to a shower-bath, for which no extra charge was made. The performers were, how- ever, good and, even making allowance for the old colonists' youthful weak- ness for bygone times, the entertainments furnished were of a superior charac- ter. Some of the audience did not earn a similar tes- timonial. Mr. and Mrs. Knowles, two sterling artists, had some bad luck with their company and some trouble with their audiences, who were in- inclined to be boisterous. In the " Chronicles of Early Melbourne" it is related how a heap of mishaps fell upon the unfortunate actor- manager Knowles at the Pavilion on 29th January, 1844. Firstly, Batters, the bellowing tinker, was cast for an important part in the opening piece, but was not up to time, so they had to get on without him. Next, there were several visitors in the boxes whose desire for fun became so uncontrollable that they indulged it by " bonneting " those below them in the pit. This bye play was suddenly interrupted by the sharp-ringing twang of a Caledonian voice giving a comment upon the per- formance. The offending tongue belonged to Mr. Peter Young, a stalwart Scotch publican from the country, who had been holiday-making in town. He and Mr. William Kerr were together in one of the boxes, and adjourned for refreshments. Young returned without his companion, and from glorious soon became uproarious. Mr. Knowles stepped forward and remonstrated with the noisy com mentator, but to no effect, when Mrs. Knowles gave him a talking to ; but he only laughed and jeered at such a curtain lecture. Young insisted upon his right of freedom of speech, and was backed up by other jovial spirits nearly as well "on" as himself. The police were sent for, and it was resolved to rush the dress circle—a " forlorn hope," in which Mrs. Knowles gallantly volunteered to serve. The assault was accordingly made, but the rampart was so manfully defended that it was found impossible to eject the disturbers, and a treaty of peace was ratified, the only condition being that Young and his youngsters should behave them- selves. This stipulation was faithfully observed, but the evening's harmony was not of long con- tinuance, for soon after an amateur and a profes- sional disgusted the company with two songs, replete with indelicate allusions of the most broad description. This contretemps led to another storm of uproar, and, taken as a whole, the occa- ion described as a series of the most unedify- ing scenes. Knowles still held on—no sooner out of one difficulty than into another—keeping together a very nondescript company until April, when there was a general strike through the non-payment of salaries for, in theatrical parlance, " The Ghost did not walk'" occasionally on the Melbourne boards, then, as well as since. Bills were posted through the town denouncing the manager, and the company furthermore presented a memorial to the police court praying that Knowles might be compelled to allow benefits all round as a mode of mutual recoupment. Mr. William Hull, J.P., declined to interfere in what appeared to him purely a question of private dispute, declaring there was no precedent for magisterial interposition in the manner asked for. Such a thing, he said, was unknown at Home as a Macready or a Kemble, in the event of a difference with a theatrical manager, flying to Bow-street for redress. The strikers averred that they would never strike under until they heard the footsteps of the "Ghost," and threa- tened to start semi-weekly theatricals in the long room of the Adelphi Hotel in Little Flinders- street. With reference to the dual ability of the Arrival of a Gold Escort at the Old Treasury Buildings, Queen-Street. The Old Theatre Royal. The Old Queen's Theatre, Afterwards a Coach Factory. The New Princess Theatre. pair of Knowleses, one of the newspapers expressed the opinion "that the Knowleses could go on quite as well without the other performers as they did with them." The worry and excitement killed poor Knowles. Such " high jinks " were played at the Pavilion that there were constant complaints and objections to its being licensed for dramatic performances. In 1845 the Queen's Theatre, which is recognised as the first regularly constituted theatre, was opened by Mr. John Thomas Smith, who was afterwards known as the Whittington of Mel- bourne and still more widely known to fame as the importer of the first donkey. Mr. and Mrs. Coppin were the shining lights of the profession, and the veteran actor-manager is still living in Melbourne. The drawing of the old Queen's Theatre was made in after years, when it had the unique honour of becoming a carriage factory. Previously theatres were turned into breweries : latterly the fate of those which have outlived their usefulness is said to be "The Salvation Army." In the reproduced engraving of the old Theatre Royal, in the days when Spiers and Pond ran the famous cafe, the portraits of the famous G. V. Brooke, and Fanny-Cathcart-Heir-Darrell will be recognised by old colonists. A photograph of the Princess' Theatre is given as the latest and most up-to-date place of amuse- ment of which our colonisation is capable. It is admittedly one of the most perfectly-appointed theatres in the world, and, thanks to the enterprise of the spirited managers, Messrs. Williamson, and Musgrove, the greatest artists of the world, from Madame Sarah Bernhardt downwards, have been heard within the walls of the new Princess' Theatre. In the old Princess', as in the old Royal, G. V. Brooke was a shining light, and Joseph Jefferson a delightful memory. An interesting relic of the early days of the colony is shown in the drawing of Melbourne's Water Supply. A barrel mounted upon a frame bore the water to the houses. There was no water rate, but the commodity was sold at so much a load—the Yan Yean Reservoir was an elaborate concern of later date—and the colonists and their children took a dip in the Yarra or one of the pools adjacent to it whenever they required a thorough wash. Later the enterprising importer brought into the colony large, shal- low tin saucers, in which the cleanly individual stood whilst he held over his head a tin bottle perforated at the base with many holes and charged with water. By keeping his thumb upon the opening to the mouth of the bottle he retained the water. Upon remov- ing his thumb the air rushed in and the water rushed out. This was what was known as a shower bath. It was considered a luxury, but it was a limited one as compared to what the average householder now enjoys with his plunge-bath and his ever- ready shower. Though the colonists of the young district were making the best of their surroundings, the womb of their land contained the young- ster which was soon to come, forth and draw the eyes of the world upon the antipodean settle- ment. That unborn Hercules was gold. Reports of the dis- covery of gold were necessarily frequent in a new country rich in mineral. All through the "forties" strange but unverifiable reports of the discovery of gold were circulated, but were generally discredited. In the month of March. 1847, something definite occurred, when a shep- herd entered the shop of Mr. Forrester, jeweller, in Collins-street, and exhibited some metal which he desired to have tested. It was a sample as big as an average apple, and the shepherd thought it was copper. He said he had found it amongst the roots of a tree blown down by the wind at a place some sixty miles from Mel- bourne, where there was plenty more of it ; but the precise whereabouts he declined to disclose. Forrester applied some tests, when the specimen proved to be a veritable golden apple, inasmuch as it contained sixty-five per cent. of pure gold. Forrester became its possessor, and the shepherd left, promising to soon return with a large quantity, but for some never-discoverable reason did not keep his word. There happened to be in Melbourne at the time a well-known Captain Clinch, master of the Flying Fish, a popular craft which traded between Melbourne and Hobart Town, with whom Forrestor was on terms of intimacy, and he presented Clinch with a slice of the "golden apple," but to newspapers only did he appear to have imparted any intelligence of his transaction with the shepherd. Upon Clinch returning to Hobart Town, he was more open- minded than the Melbourne jeweller, for he com- municated the facts as I have detailed them to the Hobart Town Courier, and it was the receipt of that journal of the 19th May, 1847, which informed the Melbourne newspapers that gold was indigenous to Port Phillip, but the whole thing was treated as a hoax. Occasional reports continued, and specimens were brought in—with a varying percentage gold in them. In the beginning of 1849, however, the startling intelligence of the golden wonder of California created an intense sensation in Mel- bourne and there was a partial exodus to the El Dorado. Ships were laid on at once for San Francisco, industrious and well-to- do artisans broke up their homes, scattered their household goods, and hied away over the seas—many of them like people who make a hasty marriage, repenting in leisure, the speed with which they jumped from certainty to uncertainty, and in some cases something much worse. The Melbourne journals remonstrated vainly against such imprudent expeditions, and one of them thus grandiloquently wound up long and laboured stay-at-home exhortations. "The golden fleece of our pastures, waving fields of golden grain, and the golden oil obtain- able from our seas are the true gold for us, bringing happiness and content to the producer while an interminable thirst for the precious metal, which can only be assuaged by the sacri- fices of all pastoral and agricultural pursuits must render the people wretched and debased, and the country a desert." The reports—chiefly unauthentic—continued, but the " yellow fever " abated in virulence until the fact that Australia was rich in mineral wealth was placed beyond all doubt in the golden year of 1851\. It was the worst year perhaps that had ever been experienced. Hot winds and a water famine oppressed the place. January was arid and hungry, and the croakers sang out that the worst had not yet come. February appeared like some supernatural power bent on the destruction of the settlement, resolved to waste the length and breadth of the territory with fire and sword, leaving it a boundless desert of dust and ashes. The 6th of February, the baleful historic " Black Thursday," clothed in fire and sheeted in burning forests, whose wild, angry flames and smoke eclipsed the sun in several places, can never be forgotten. It fell upon the young colony as if likely to crush it ; and the General Post Office, Melbourne, Corner Elizabeth and Bourke Streets, 1853. Misses Shanklin and Wright's Central Floral Studio, Collins-Street. (See Letterpress.) Opening of the Old Princes' Bridge in 1854 people were so awestruck that it required some time before the panic caused by the shock could be shaken off, and the ordinary avocations of everyday life resumed. But this was not for long, and people had soon some other developments from the laboratory of Nature to wonder at. Ere two weeks had passed the astounding intelligence was posted down from Sydney that, on the 12th February, Mr. E. H. Hargreaves, a returned Californian miner, had discovered what got to be known as the Bathurst goldfield. This was a panic of a very different kind, and the astonishing news, supplemented upon the arrival of every sea-going and overland mail from Sydney, so bewildered the people as to render them for a while incapable of action, almost of thought. Of course it was in everybody's mind that everyone should be off to the "diggins," as the treasure-ground was termed. Trade slackened, business depressed, and there was a general stand-still. Tenants gave up their holdings without observing the etiquette of a week's notice, and many of them flitted, forget- ful to pay the rent. The coasting trade from Mel- bourne to Sydney was an exception to the general rule of dullness, and dozens, scores and hundreds winged their way northward, resolved to return when they made their fortunes. Many who had staked their all in Melbourne bravely held their ground, the sagacious and long- headed brought their heads together, and the only rational conclusion followed, viz., to use every effort to find out gold deposits in Victoria, which would in some degree, if not completely, counteract the attractive influences of New South Wales, and so keep the Victorians at home. There was an impres- sion indelibly imprinted on the public-mind, not only of the residents of Melbourne, but throughout the province, that hidden layers of golden store ex- isted in several localities, if they could only be found ; and to stimulate and prosecute re- searches to- wards this end both hope and energy were directed. Small volunteer parties lost no time in instituting gold searches, and in a few months news of small findings dribbled into town. Early on a Sunday morn- ing, (1st June) a labouring man called on Mr. Howie, a watchmaker, in Elizabeth-street, and, producing a small bag, rolled upon the counter thirty pieces of yellowish composition, which he pronounced to be gold. They were tested, and found to contain gold of the poorest description. Several of the pieces weighed ¼ and others ¾oz.; and the man, leaving one of them with orders to have a ring manu- factured, departed with a promise to return in a few days. Howie elicited in conversation with the stranger that the latter, whilst engaged digging on the River Plenty, had accidentally turned up the treasure-trove. He would not give any further particulars, remarking " that he must have enough himself first, before others got possession of his secret." On this becoming known, hunting expeditions were hastily formed, and money was raised in various ways. In one instance, half-a- dozen carters clubbed and sold four of their drays to provide for the purchase of equipment, whilst the other two vehicles were laden with provisions and implements to be used in the future operations. On the 4th June, a bushman called at the Waterman's Arms, in Little Collins- street south, a few yards from Elizabeth-street, and showed to the landlord (Mr. W. Clarke) some splinters of quartz with a metallic substance attached. Clarke had them immediately examined by what he believed to be a competent judge, who pronounced the yellow stuff to be gold. The finder said he had got them within four miles of Melbourne ; and Clarke, having wormed out the place, was off there without delay, only to have his trip for nothing. Rumours now came pouring into town that gold Germain Nicholson's (Corner Collins and Swanston Sts.), Now Occupied by a Large Pile of Buildings. (as yet not even seen) abounded at the Pyrenees, the Goulburn, the Murray, and almost every other nameable place throughout the interior ; and not only gold, but silver, copper, coal and other minerals. Brentani and Crate (two Melbourne jewellers) declared that they had lately obtained some specimens found at the Pyrenees, and it was proclaimed as a certainty (but by whom could not be ascertained) that a rich vein of platina had been discovered at a place named (not inappro- priately) Mount Disappointment. The public feeling was now worked up to a boiling-point of distraction ; and, to increase the general state of unsettlement, an insane reaction suddenly set in, in the form of a mad spirit of speculation, to check which the banks raised the rates of discount. Provisions grew scarce, and leaped to such a price as added to the general embarrassment. Alarmists predicted a coming famine, and to such an extent did this go that on the 6th June a meeting of citizens was held to consider the propriety of starting a milling and baking company, so as to keep down the price of bread. After some discussion, it eventuated in the nomination of a committee " to devise the best means of immediate relief to the industrious but overburdened portion of the community." The movement went no further. Many and diverse were the opinions formed as to the genuineness and the permanency of the alleged discovery, but before 1851 was half-way through the certainty of the existence of gold in large quantiti- ties throughout the colony was proved. Sir C. J. Latrobe, the Governor, in August, 1851, made the first gold proclamation, declaring all natural gold to be the property of the Crown. Licences had to be taken out, and special regulations were formu- lated. The imposition of a licence fee was strongly resented as unjust and tyrannical, and the administration of the regulations in connec- tion therewith eventually led to the Eureka riots at Ballarat. The gold was brought to Melbourne or Geelong by what was called the Government Escort — an armed caravan that carried the treasure to head-quarters. The arrival of one of these escorts at the Treasury in Melbourne in the early " fifties " is shown in the illustration. The rush which took place to the goldfields caused a stampede from Melbourne. All sorts and conditions of men threw down the pen of the writer, the tool of the worker and, figuratively speaking, the crook of the shepherd. All were bent on reaching the diggings. Here is a descrip- tion from one who saw but did not take part in the " rush." Labourers struck work, clerks deserted their desks and " counter-jumpers" jumped away, dreaming of nothing but the road to fortune, and the fortune that only waited the picking up at the end of the journey. In two or three days hundreds had left, and those who remained were busily engaged in getting ready for the tramp. Every possible device was resorted to in the way of providing for the step about to be taken. Those who were not in funds and had anything vendible got rid of it, and every species of saleable com- modity was converted into cash, for the purchase of supplies. Cradles, picks, shovels and hammers were bought ; drays, drags and carts were in readiness, and it was seriously apprehended that if this state of things was, in any degree, inten- sified, both Melbourne and Geelong would be drained of all their male population, and garrisoned only by women and girls. Even the police had gone into the scare, and so many of them flung away their batons as to create a general uneasiness through a fear of the difficulty of procuring substitutes for the protection of life and property. Intimation was given to the Licensed Victuallers that such of them as left the town would be accounted as absentees, and their licences forfeited for public-house deser- tion. There was even a run on the banks by persons desirous of withdrawing deposits, and one forenoon the Union Bank was blockaded in such a manner as to render it necessary to call in the police to preserve order amongst the angry, infatuated crowd. The clearing out of Government clerks and every other class of salary or wage earners was growing general. Mechanics, servants, labourers, etc., left with or without notice ; and any who applied for leave and did not get it very unceremoniously took " French leave." There was hardly a carter to be found in town, and horses and drays were, by some mys- teriously rapid process, melted into "tin," to supply the travelling expenses. Sailors deserted their ships, striplings ten or eleven years old, with tin pannikins and bits of hoop-iron, some of them barefooted and many in rags, darted off like so many wild animals, not knowing what they were doing unless they were on the road to the dig- gings ; and in order to keep a few police and prison warders at their posts, their pay had to be raised to 6s. and 7s. per day respectively. But to one class (and the least deserving) of the com- munity, an acceptable holiday had come; and they were " in clover," viz. :—the prisoners sen- tenced to hard labour, for they had nothing to do, as stone-breaking had to be abandoned, for the supply of stone had run out, and there were neither quarrymen nor draymen available. In the midst of all this turmoil, Mr. E. P. Sturt, the energetic Superintendent of Police, took it into his head, inopportunely, to get married, and during the honeymooning Mr. N. A. Fenwick was appointed his locum tenens, a change certainly not for the better. Then came a dearth and dearness of food in town, where provisions went up 25 and water 100 per cent., for nearly all the men were away, and the women took their turn at the pumps and became water suppliers. Rich- mond was so thoroughly deserted that a newspaper declares that on one day only one old fellow was to be seen hobbling about, and with a phiz so shrouded in anxiety as to induce a belief that he had been left behind as the sole caretaker general of all the women and children. The gold discoveries caused Victoria to leap at a bound into prominence. Population poured in from all parts of the Old World and Victoria was " made." The wild extravagance of the lucky diggers in the early fifties would make material for a large volume. The colony has steadily prospered. It has had its times of depression, but its resources and vitality are undoubted. It has recently passed, or is now passing through a severe time consequent upon an intoxicating bout of exaggerated prosperity. The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Year gives hope and promise of a revival of prosperity and of a restoration of VICTORIA to her former royal position of the Record Colony of the British Empire. Looking Westward from the Athenaeum, Collins-Street. Melbourne in 1855—When the Gold Fever had Somewhat Settled Down. How we Got our Water in 1841. 