— T H B — JialgooHie Jjlmo*. PUBLISHED DAILY. - WEDNESDAY, FEB. 17, 1897. ? In many parts of the colony theic have been for some time past indications of the approach of the general elections. Many candidates have delivered their opening addresses, and are prosecuting a vigorous canvas throughout the elec torates they hope to represent. Mr' Leak.e, the Opposition leader, in a soeech at Albany, has issned an in dictment against the Government. The policy pursued by the Ministry up to the present is also open to criticism,; and those desirous of securing the votes of the electors have no excuse for delaying further in publicly announc ing their views. A general election is always in its effects highly educational in a political sense. Questions are brought to the front and debated on platforms and in the Press that ai-e liLtle heard at other times. . Public interest is thoroughly aroused and electors ai-e called on to exercise their judgment in the interests: of .the. country as a v^hole. A certain glamor.; is usually lent to diy-as-dust political questions by the excitement, of political meetings and addresses that arouse popular enthusiasm. Men whose thoughts are not accustomed to rise above their own business or household' affairs, on such occasions engage, in healed argument?, quote statistics with slariling freedom and have serious quarrels over the merits or demerits of economic sy&tems; and reforms. -Tbat a deep interest should be taken in public affairs is a very healthy sign.' Over a century ago a celebrated British states man enunciated the maxim that' 'eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.' That assertion is as true to-day as when first uttered. Too much atten tion has never been paid. by the mass of the people to the progress - and de velopment of the affairs of the*State. The 'widening or the franchise can never be productive of the best results, unless those to -whom' votes have been extended^ possess the necessary knowledge to exercise their privileges ' inteiligen tly Electors ignorant of their duties and responsibilities cannot be relied on to be wise in' their choice of representa-' .tives. At the next elections the majority of those, from the other colonies and' elsewhere who have- settled in West Australia _ during the past few years will for 'the- first time have a voice in the . constitution, of, -Parliament. . In accordance with the provisions of the Redistribution * of Seats *? Bill, each goldfields district will be entitled to return one member, and although the fields still lack the share of representa tion to which they are entitled by their population and importance, yet the position of affairs has been decidedly improved, and in the next Parliament' these eastern fields will have five mem bers -instead, cf one. These facts, combined with the many vitally im portant questions before the country, will make the approaching elections' specially noteworthy in the annals of West Australia. In order that newly enfranchised electors may have full time to consider all the circumstances laid before them by candidates, and to weigh the qualifications and abilities of the men who claim their vote3, the sooner all aspirants for Parliamentary honors definitely declare their views the better opportunity will be given for the selection of the best men at the polling booths. The most worthy candidates ?will court the closest and most ex tended criticism of their policy in the consciousness that therein Iie3 their best chance of success. On the other lymd, deficiencies may be concealed by the candidates who keep till the last moment in the background. The electors of the goldfields are, we believe, too enlightened to be deceived by such a strategy as the latter or to be in fluenced in the casting of their votes by personal pettifogging motives. The goldfields do not need to be represented by men who aim at advancing their own ends, irrespective of those of the colony generally or who propose to further the interests of any one class alone. There are men who have an nounced themselves for various con stituencies who have as yet failed to give the ghost of an idea as to their views — that is, 'if they -possess any, which is often doubtful. In some cases they are utterly unknown in local public life, and they appear to have no more claim for support than the candi date in the well-known comic opera — As for principles 1 j»lory To have nothing of the so'rt ; I'm neither Whisr nor Tory, I'm a candidate, in short. ' Intending claimants of Parliamentary honors ' cannot too early remove from .themselves the stigma of being candi dates of this stamp. Every man -who ask's his fellow-electors to' send him, to the - Assembly as their representative should have clearly defined political views, which he should have no hesi tancy to express. In addition to the elections for the Assembly, there arc also vacancies for three members of the Legislative ?' Council to represent the .Eastern goldfields, which were formed by the Redistribution of Seats Bill into one ? electorate. The names of a couple of likely candidates for the Council have already been mentioned, and the time' lias arrived for the residents of the fields to pay. some attention to the filling ., of these vacancies,' as well as those for the Legislative Assembly. 