NOTES AND COMMENTS. Klondike!' exclaimed the citizen who has sworn by these fields since, on October 18, 1892. he swampei up from the Cross. ' 1 tell y' Klondike won't be in it with Coolgardie in another six months Every show we've got—not too many of em. I own—gets deeper as it goes down, and shows more gold as its improves in richness, and I "tell you that when we get more stamps going and the yield increases, the output of this field's going to be bigger than it ever has been in the past.' Then the crowd around him moved on to the open call and wished tr:ey had money enough to buy some of the cheap stocks which are going to move up out of sight in a few weeks. * * * * The news fhat Mr Henniker Heat-on purposes bringing a cricket team of Lords and Commons of England to Australia will be as grateful and comforling to society as an iced squ ssli after twenty seconds dodging he sheets of iron and empty kerosene tins lving round in the centre of a busy willy. * * * * Henniker has had a remarkable share of luck which follows some men acd persistently bears them up when they kick their feet against the loose bricks on life's highway and sustain a concussion of the toe which throws them out of the race, if not permanently at least for a length of time. Me was never regarded as a man overburdened with brains, but he had a conbider able share of that gall and impudence which does duty for the possession of more than average intelligence. * * * * Comparatively a few years ago Henniker had no more idea that he would ever during the period that brief life was here his portion be a member of the English House of Com mons than that he would at its termination be allotted a corner mansion in the Kingdom of Heaven. He was for a term a clerk in the employ of the Parramatta (N.S.W.) Council, and officiated amongst other things as rate collector. T&is;, however, need not be closely investigated. Subsequently he canvassed for advertisements for Sydney 'Evening News,' and while in that humble, thongh profitable office, made the acquaintance o£ his employer's daughter. He married her eventually, and when in the fulness of time Sam Bennett became a ghost and the lady benefited substantially under his will, Htnniker went to England and put on style, How he managed to secure the confidence of the electors of Canterbury (Eng.), is best known to himself, but that he did so his present political position proves. He is a man with a fad. He desires to see a penny stamp made competent to carry an ordinary letter from England to any British possession. When that day dawns, Henniker will order his ' nunc dimittis' to be sounded, and send a written application for his harp and halo. As has been said he was never suspected f of having so much brains that if he hung by the cummerbund over a fence his head would first hit the ground. Yet he succeeded in life, and is now a man of substance and weight in the community. Chiefly, of course, through acting upon the suggestion of the poet— " Do not marry for money. But go where money is." Had he married in his own class he would to day, probably, have been pottering about Sydney in boots which were chiefly laceholes soliciting the patronage of citizens desirous of making their wants or wares known to men. The moral contained in this brief resume of his career aeeds no enlargement. • * * * Perth 4 Herald' calculates that the popula tion of the province is unevenly balanced to the extent of two and three sevenths, or thereabouts, of masculinity against each female unit. That is to s iy, if we were suddenly and without notice to be cut off from possible association wMi the outside world there would be one woman amongst two and three-sevenths men. The difficulty of adj ust ment would be tremendous. The two men might deci ie the question by tossing a penny but over 42.000 three-sevenths of a man would be left hopelessly without the remotest chance of giving effect to the Divine command to increase and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it. Our Perth contempo rary does not argue exactly on this line continuing its powerful advocacy of a reduc tion of the food duties, but brings in the un balanced state of the population as a detail in the main platform. The position is of greater value. It stands thus. For 42,000 males of the species the census at present shows females available or engaged. But 60,000 men are unprovided for. And if this state of life is to be made permanent and the death rate continues to exceed the births as it is doing a very few years will find Westralia a community of Robinson Crusoes without even an adequate supply of Men Friday for the native nigger can not be given a place in our domestic economy. * * .• * * Coolgardie has put up another record We are entitled to claim a world-beater the champion mean man. Last night well-dressed, watch-chained, and tastefully too-tensembled citizen entered a popular cafe, patronised exclusively by the elite and a few newspaper men, and enquired for eggs on toast, nicely poached with the yolk un broken and uppermost. They were obtain able, and the busy waiter shouted through the aperture, ' Two white wings, with the sunny side up, on a bit 0' burnt.' In due course the 'delicacy was sup plied, and the citizen got to work with. his knife and fork. But one egg was all his appetite was equal to while waiting the preparation of the dish he had made a square meal of the bread and butter and green stuff on the table. At the conclusion of his repast he tendered half crown and was refunded to the extent of six pence. 1 What is this?' he enquired. ' That, sir,' replied the gentlemanly waiter, ' is sixpence. Two poached eggs, two shillings, sixpence change, two-and-sixpence, half a crown which I think was what you gave me.' 'But I only ate one egg,' said the guest, ' is there no reduction V ' Not the slightest.' ' But the egg is there, I just sliced it apart from the other, and did not touch it. I don't think 1 ought to pay for it, as I didn't eat it.' ' One moment,' observed the waiter, and he proceeded to the table, returned with the gentleman's plate and the untouched egg, and commenced to make a parcel of the lot. But the guest was gone before the task was concluded. This is a correct report of an incident of yesterday, September 21, 1897, and, on behalf of Coolgardie, we claim {the world's record for the champion mean man. * * * * The report that Andree, the hopeful innovator who proposed to voyage per balloon to the North Pole, has been seen floating over the middle of Asiatic Russia, has, it is said, created ' the greatest interest in scientific circles.' Which seems a cold-blooded way of looking at the situation. Here we have a party of citizens, with four months' supply of provisions, floating about anywhere between the North Pole and Cape Leenin at the mercy of every wind that blows and without any particular whither and very little chance of return to their original whence. Yet, the circumstance has no more than created interest in scientific circles. Of all the tight places into which a man could lure the trustful of his species Anaree's friends are in the tightest. They cannot drop out by parachute since the seriousness of the position would be emphasised if a citizen of Sweden were to dump-himself down in China, where he would either be built in and worshipped as a god or stoned to death as a devil. And it is altogether unlikely the passengers will continue to sail contentedly through space for the full term-of four months. To attempt to pursue them would be a wild-goose chase of the wildest variety, and to hone they will accomplish the object in view when they let go their hold on the round revolving globe is to hope what it is now evident this voyage will not permit. Going in the direction of Heaven to find something on earth is nearly as risky a venture as attempting to determine by actual experiment how long it is advisable to hold a dynamite cartridge in the left hand after the fuse is lit. Still, the attempt to d p p sm establish the test would doubtless cause ' the greatest interest in scientific circles.' * * * * An invitation to a funeral, when it comes from the deceased himself, is'robbed of some the melancholy which ordinarily attaches it. A certain Frenchman of humor composed, while still in good health, a letter to his friend=. requesting their company at his interment. He died last month, and after the date of the ceremony ha i been filled in. the following missive was sent out :— ' Monsieur Jean Poinat requests you, it you have retained a pleasing reminiscence of him, to be so kind as to accompany him on his last journey. He will leave his abode, 11, Rue de Belzunce, on August 16. 1897. at 9 o'clock precisely, to proceed direct to the Cemetery of Pere Lachaise. In begging you to accept his posthumous acknowledgments, Monsieur Jean Poinat would be grateful if you would keep a corner iu your memory for him.' This gooi-tempered and original request had the effect of bringing all who received it to the grave-side. An original type of assassin is, according to the ' Temps,' shortly to take his departure from the town of Floresville in Texas by the process which is known in legal Latin as saspensio per collum. His name i3 Maximo Martinez, and his offence that of having got engaged in one week, and of having hurried his father-in-law. his mother-in-law, and his future bride out of the world in the next. Therefore, a Texas jury decided to save society and Mr Martinez himself any further entanglements by cutting sbort his career. The condemned, on his side, seems to have quite acquiesced in this decision, but he petitioned the sheriff to grant bim two favors —namely, that the local band might be present at and enliven bis departure, and the town of Floresville might be en fete for the Both requests are to be granted. There will be local rejoicings in the town, and a subscription of 50dol has secured the best band for the execution. And. after all, why not ? Mr Martinez is of opinion that his departure from the world should be celebrated with music and rejoicing. A pity that many more of his kind don't feel tha same. * * » « A busy business man of this centre, who has for a length of time lived at an hotel for the sake of comfort, recently removed to a cottage in search of quiet and that absence of noise and indications of business inseparable from the best conducted inn. He was some time in selecting his quarters, but at length decided ou a nice little establishment the vicinity of a church. ' Here,' he thought,' I shall find the calm—the rest—I want.' A week of it has satisfied him, and the cottage will again be 1 To Let.' Tha first night there was a meeting, and the brethren wrestled mightily with the devil It must have been an all-in match, for the congregation shouted and groaned and threw the urniture about and pounded on the floor until the unregenerate citizen expressed a heartfelt wish that the parties to the strife would go to headquarters and finally decide the contest. The second night there' was choir practice, and he hear j, he says, at least sixteen mournful hymns tried over without success. At length the singers pitched on a popular air and reeled off several verses, with the result that the tune got into his head and he now sings it in his sleep and hums it at every interval in his daily toil at the desk. This he concludes will eventually drive him crazy. On the third evening a gathering—a ' gang' he irreverently terms them—of young people assembled for mutual improvement, and they gave their experiences and sang considerably, and laughed coasumedly, and finally broke up in disorder and rushed into the street like boys and girls let loose from school. After which they gathered round a lamp post, and, as he put it, 'got behind one another and played a game which looked like "odd man out.''' They romped cheerily for some time—the youths laughiug heartily and the maidens shrieking hysterically in their innocent glee. But the citizen does not enthuse to the same extent over ' holy calm and religous peace' as he did. He has instead developed into a blaspheming Bull of Bashan, and talks of starting in with a counter and irreligious demonstration which he says will paralyse the godly and compel laughter from the saddest fiend in Tophet. 