LONDON WEEK BY WEEK (By Emily Soldene.) December 11, 1896. I think I observed last week that Christmas was coming. Well so it is this week — only more so. All the days are foggy, all the shops are full, and blazing with electric light; all the streets are crowded ; in fact crushed with people. First and foremost our country cousins are well to the fore, with loud voices, loud frocks, and strong boots. Every Jock has got his Jill, and money galore in his tightly-buttoned pockets, which money, with up to date bucolic and provincial prudence, he safely conveys home again, chuckling over “ ’Ow nice” he “did” them there cockney chaps. They didn’t get none o’ my brass, you bet.” * * * * Well, when it comes to sampling prodigals, give me a city one. A provincial prodigal will appro- priate the pastry, for getting any amount of show out of a very little money. * * * * Regent-street is decked with the treasures of the earth — furs, satins, jewellery (both mock and ve- ritable), pictures, transparent and lovely china bric-a-brac, works of art in silverware, toys, and dolls, dolls with wonderful trousseaux, including a presentation robe, and the latest thing in lingerie, curious rugs, and carpets, from the mysterious sandal-scented lands of the Bast, sumptuous em- broideries from Russia, Persia and India. Every window bears the bold device, “Christmas pres- ents.” * * * * Then the jewellery — strings of diamonds and rubies, and glittering amber, tiaras and chains, rings, diadems, and bracelets. But perhaps the most beautiful sight to be seen is the display by the fruiterers and florists — the very choicest fruits and flowers — wonderful exhibits. * * * * Years ago it was to Covent Garden Market one was taken to buy the Christmas extravagances. Pears from Jersey (immense, mammoth ones), “18 guineas a dozen.” They used to say they were lent to the Corporation of London at the Lord Mayor’s banquet, “to be looked at.” Strawber- ries, rich, red, ripe, and juicy (grown under glass). 2 guineas an ounce; pine apples, 5 guineas each; and hot house grapes, 2 guineas a lb. Those were merry times my masters. In these days Covent Garden Arcade was like a fairyland— a fairyland full of fairy people—“good people,” with lots of money. The place was radiant, blazing with light, decora- ted with wreaths of red-berried holly, and pearl- berried mistletoe. Then the big baskets full of Spanish chestnuts; the lovely yellow (but sour) oranges; the heads of celery at 1s 6d each; the fa- bulous- priced horse radish. Well, it was a long looked-forward-to and perfectly delightful expe- dition. The pity of it was — it came only once a year. * * * * But Covent Garden nowadays is a dark and dismal howling wilderness— no flowers, no fruits, no lights, no cheerful, moneyed crowds. Even the singing canaries and the cockatoos from over the sea have disappeared. Covent Garden is wholesale, miserable, and deserted. All the little shops are closed; the retail business has gone to the West End, gobbled up by the “universal purveyor” and “the stores.” * * * * Apropos of “gobble,” the poulterers’ shops are hung with festoons of turkeys and geese— hun- dreds, thousands of them. What price?— Sixpence a pound. * * * * Talking about Covent Garden, yesterday I was going down Bow-street, and just in front of me was a very fine and large “Mrs. ’Enery ’Awkins.” She had a young coster of the female persuasion in her arms, and a “little nipper” trotting by her side. Mrs. ’Enery wore a capacious and bright green, red, yellow, and blue plaid shawl, and on the generous abundance of her bosom was pinned a big bunch of mistletoe (the first I have seen this season). * * * * As we were passing the floral hall, out through the gate pushing his cabbage-laden barrow before him came a coster. “Ello, Bess; blest hif yer hain’t got ’em hall hon,” said he, stopping and eyeing the mistletoe. “Rather. What d’you think?” says Bess. “Blime me, hif Hi don’t ’ave er kiss.” “Right yer har, says Moses; but mind th’ kiddies his hon too, hor hit hain’t no deal; cos why?” says Bessie — “cos hits Crismus.” * * * * The Queen is to leave Windsor for Osborne either on Friday, December 18, or on Tuesday, the 22nd, and her Majesty will reside in the Isle of Wight until the middle of February, when she is to return to Windsor for a stay of about three weeks, before going to the Riviera. There will be a small family party at Osborne during Christmas holidays, consisting of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught and their children, Princess Louise and Lord Lorne, and the Duchess of Albany and her children. * * * * On Tuesday morning Princess Christian, attend- ed by Baroness von Egloffstein and Colonel the Hon. Charles Eliot, paid an opening visit to the two days’ winter sale of the Working Ladies’ Guild, for which Lord Brassey has lent the Indian Museum of his house in Park-lane. Among those who were present on the arrival of her Royal Highness were the Marchioness of Headfort, the Countess of Lytton, Lady Alice Leslie, Lady Cun- ningham, Lady Jane Taylor, Lady Eden, Lady Grant Duff, the Hon. Mrs. Reginald Talbot, Mrs. Dundas, Miss Emily Loch, and Miss Ross. * * * * There was no opening ceremony. Rather good “biz” for the Princess, who is not good as a speakist. * * * * Seems to me H.R.H. is as nearly as possible living at Hall Barn. On Tuesday he was off there again, arriving in time for dinner. Can there be some hidden fascination for our future one in the society of Sir Edward, or—— Well, anyway, it’s a splendid “ad.” for the paper. * * * * Dublin — Female Dublin — is verging on hys- terics; all on account of a ghost. Fancy! It is stated that a lady, who is in the habit of attend- ing one of the cathedrals, has lately seen the figure of a deceased member of the chapter sit- ting in his place in the choir. To add to the mystery, one of the members of the staff of the cathedral has as- serted that a similar appearance of the same per- son has occurred to her. The story is told by a dignitary of the city, who himself is regarded as no mean authority on such spiritualistic mysteries. * * * * Bishop Hedley has written thus on the subject of cremation: “The Holy See has forbidden Catho- lics to practise cremation, or in any way to advise or countenance it. No one could be buried with Catholic rites who left directions that his body should be cremated.” * * * * It is announced that Baroness de Hirsch has signified her intention to erect and endow a home for Jewish consumptives. She has, with that ob- ject, placed under the control of her relative, Mrs. Bischoffsheim, Sir Edward Sassoon, and Mr, Frank Lucas a sum of between £40,000 and £50,000. * * * * Fancy the dear old Chain Pier being swept away. A telegram from Brighton on Friday night said: “About half-past 10 to-night, in the height of the E.S.E. gale, the Chain Pier at Brighton was completely destroyed, the whole structure, except a small piece above high-water-mark, fall- ing with a tremendous crash, which was distinctly heard two miles away. The pier was condemned by the borough surveyor two or three months ago, and for the past month had been absolutely closed to the public. Though the night was stormy, the crash attracted hundreds of townspeople to the front, and great piles of wreckage are being wash- ed ashore.” * * * * Lady Halle wishes it to be distinctly understood that she has had no hand in the arrangement of her dead husband’s letters. * * * * “My record experience up to the present was when, in Mount-street, being somewhat absent-minded and at the moment lost in thought, I suddenly found myself called upon to choose whether I would run into a donkey-cart or a brougham. Realising that I might have to pay for damage done, I, from eco- nomic motives, elected to collide with the former. Happily, the results were serious to no one.” — Mr. Henry Arthur Jones in “The Cycling World Illustrated.” * * * * From “The World”— IDEM ALITER. Great Henry Arthur, pedalling down a street, Frequented by society’s elite, Beheld himself constrained, for lack of room, Either to charge a donkey or a brougham. He paused one instant, then with scorching stroke His wheel impinged upon the mournful moke. The shock was dire; but Jones, dear to the Muse, Resumed his course without a single bruise; While the delighted moke hee-hawed instanter, Simlia similibus curantur!” * * * * Wednesday was Mme. Sarah Bernhardt’s day. Never has any artiste been so honored, especially in their own country. The opotheosis commenced at half- past 12 with a banquet at the Grand Hotel. M. Victorien Sardou, in an eloquent and eulogistic speech, gave the toast of “The Great and Good Sarah.” Sarah rose to reply; but so overcome was she with the emotion of the moment that speech was almost impossible to her. After a long strug- gle she said: “I can only say to all of you, my friends, from my heart thanks, thanks, thanks.” As the great actress sat down, with her eyes streaming with tears of joy, the whole assem- blage, which I may say included all the great literary, artistic, and dramatic personages of Paris, roee and cheered amain. On the heels of this demonstration came the rendering of the Hymn to Sarah, the words of which were written by Armand Silvestre, and set to music by M. Pierne. * * * * At 4 o’clock there was a performance at the Renaissance Theatre, which was crowded by the tragedienne’s admirers. Mme. Bernhardt inter- preted the second act of “Phreda” and the fourth act of “Rome Vaincue.” * * * * After the performance came a short interval. Then the curtain drew up, disclosing a charming tableau. Seated, with a bevy of young girls stand ing or bending round her, Madame appeared to be the incarnation of eternal Spring. On one side were grouped the Renaissance troupe and the committee that had organised the fete, and on the other were several gentlemen in evening dress, to wit, the poets who, inspired by the Muse, were about to pay her compliments in verse. * * * * The great tragedienne was attired in a becoming dress of crepe blanc embroidered with gold. It was a deputation of students, headed by the presi- dent of their association, which offered the first tribute to the gifted actress in the shape of a love- ly bouquet and a really clever address, in which the youthfulness of the heroine of the day was appreciatively dwelt upon toy the young gentleman, who stepped forward and spoke out without a touch of nervousness, being rewarded with a friend- ly shake of the hand, of which he, however, did not take the usual gallant advantage. * * * * After the students came the poets, in the per- sons of MM. Francois Coppe, Catulle Mendes, Andre Theuriet, Edmond Rostand, and Edmond Harancourt, and deposited their chaplet of son- nets at the altar of the goddess of the French drama. * * * * Writing to M. Huret, of the “Figaro,” to-day, in reply to a letter asking her for a few lines des- criptive of her state of feeling on the approach of the fete organised in her honor, Mme. Sarah Bernhardt says that she is proud and pleased at the tribute paid to her. She does not say that she merits the glory, because she would seem too vain, but she recalls the fact that she has given the public for the past twenty-five years the vibra- tions of her soul, the beatings of her heart, and the tears of her eyes. She has struggled as no human being has struggled, and created relentless enemies. She has striven to attain the summit of art, and is proudest of the fact that she has carried the French language and literature all over the world. * * * * Madame Bernhardt also recalls that she made people enthusiastic about France wherever she went, and that in Canada Senators and Deputies pushed her sledge, amid cries of “Vive la France!” while students sang the “Marseillaise,” to which the English listened with their hats off. Again, when she was in Australia, she was received with semi-regal honors by order of England, and finally she refused a million francs to play in Germany. All this forms what the celebrated actress calls her “examination of conscience.” * * * * The occasion was a great one, worthily and ar- tistically carried out, and Sarah the practical may congratulate herself on having once more broken the record. * * * * Madame Sarah Bernhardt appears to have ob- tained a “succes fou” in the new dramatic version of the charming “Lorenzaccio,” by Alfred de Mus- set, at the Renaissance, on Thursday night, and to have brought down the house in the fencing scene, which is already the talk of all Paris. The whole audience rose to their, feet, and the applause was started by the critics, with the veteran Sarcey giving the lead. * * * * Mr. Mayer, the faithful English impresario, says that he never witnessed such a triumph, and at once made arrangements to open his Adelphi season with this remarkable play, which is likely to create as much stir in London as Alfred de Musset’s “On ne Badine pas avec l’Amour” did at the Opera Comique, Strand, when played by Favart and Delaunay. * * * * Madame will appear at the Adelphi in June, 1897. * * * * Mme. Bernhardt is so satisfied with Mr. Clark- son and his wigs that she insisted on “Willie” going to Paris, and he was there a week attending to the hirsute necessities of “Lorenzaccio.” On his return Mme. entrusted to his care a bunch of fresh flowers for Miss Ellen Terry. * * * * Mr. Clarkson told me in his delightful lisping way that directly he arrived in London he drove straight to the Lyceum, and Imogen was “quite overcome” by the charm of the gift, and the thought of the giver. “And when she thanked me for bringing them, the tears were in her eyes,” said he. * * * * Baroness Von Zedlitz (the baroness is a daugh- ter of Beatty Kingston, you know — or perhaps you do not know) — has been interviewing Miss Ellen Terry, and among other things Ellen says “She loves Eleonora Duse,” and she believes “Eleonora loves her.” And then she goes on: “The first time we met— it was after one of her exquisite performances— we fell into one another’s arms as though it were the most natural thing in the world, and though we could not speak fluently to each other, the sympathy was there, and we felt we should always be friends.” * * * * In view of the trouble Miss Terry is having with her eyesight, it seems rather an affecting thing tnat her particular “fad” is “collecting” the monocles and pincenez belonging to famous men. * * * * I do not find any mention of the monocle of Mr. Chamberlain. Somebody suggested she had a mort- gage on the one he gazed through at the Venezulan difficulty, but I believe the tale to be an invention. * * * * Of Sir Henry Irving she says “Behind the scenes he is the best master, the most judicious adviser imaginable, and his courtesy to all is perfectly charming. He will have his way, though,” adds Miss Terry, with an arch smile, “and everybody knows that his word is law in our little kingdom.” * * * * Which is all exceedingly pretty and exceedingly nice. But we should have liked to have heard eomething about Sir Henry when he is not “behind the scenes.” * * * * That’s all very well, and not being able to “speak fluently to each other” may perhaps explain it. For it must be recorded that the divine Sarah can speak fluently to the divine Eleanora; and when she did so it did not take an at all similar form. * * * * The “Pilgrim’s Progress” show is working up to a nice point of excitement. What a pity everybody won’t be able to be there to see the sight. The management have sent out a surprising and compre- hensive circular — quite half a day’s study. I send you a few lines from it: Mr. Collingham, whilst founding his play on Bunyan’s work, and adapting portions thereof to the stage, endeavors to throw the glamor of romantic fancy and mediaeval charm over the piece by introducing a beautiful mlse-en- scene, and presenting his Pilgrim as a noble youth, going forth to the battle of life, and successively encountering the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the evil one. His Christian is a similar type to the chivalrous Red Cross Knight of Spenser, the youthful warrior of G. F.. Watts’s “Aspirations,” or Noel Paton’s “Pursuit of Pleasure.” * * * * The following are the scenes represented in the allegory : - Act I. — Scene. Castle Joyous. Act II. — Scene. The Narrow Way. Act III. — Scene 1. The House of Pride. Scene 2. Vanity Fair. Act IV. — Scene 1. The Dungeon of Giant Despair. Scene 2. The Valley of the Shadow. Scene 3. The Celestial City. * * * * The cast is a very strong one: Apollyon ..................................W. L. Abingdon. Raphael .................................. Courtenay Thorpe. Gloriosus................................. Frank Celli. Faithful ................................... G. W. Cockburn. Speranza ................................. Esme Beringer. Melusina ................................. Florence Hamer. Florimonde ............................. Vera Beringer. Isolde ...................................... Roma St. John-Brenon. Malignity ................................. Laura Johnson. Christian ................................. Grace Hawthorne. * * * * The “Daily Telegraph” of Saturday last has the following satisfactory par about the disbanded Drury Lane Company: Miss Laura Johnson, who came to the front, and suddenly claimed attention, in “The Duchess of Coolgardie,” joins the Olympic management; Mr. Laurence Cantley was eagerly sought out and engaged by Mr. Beerbohm Tree for his tour in America; and Mr. Oswald Yorke was similarly secured by Mr. Willard for the States; Story- Gofton has gone to Liverpool to conduct the pan- tomime there, and Charles Glenney has returned again to “Teddy’s Wives” at the Strand; C. M. Lowne joins the “Little Eyolf” company, and Mr. Edward. O’Neill connects himself with “The Sorrows of Satan”; the charming young actress, Miss Hilda Spong, goes to the Princess’s to take the position which Miss Oliffe resigns through ill-health ; and Miss Edith Jordan mi- grates to the Lyceum, Edinburgh, to sustain the leading role in Mr. Robert Buchanan’s latest play, “A Wanderer from Venus.” Miss Hilda Spong appeared at the Princess’s on Monday last in the “Two Little Vagabonds.” She played Marion Thornton, the part vacated by Miss Geraldine Olliffe. Though very nervous, she made a success, and many were the congratulations from friends in front. * * * * The Sunday afternoon concerts at the Queen’s Hall are a great institution. I send you last Sunday’s programme: QUEEN’S HALL. SUNDAY AFTERNOON CONCERTS. Conductor, Mr. Randegger. TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 3.30. Overture, “Othello”........................... W. Macfarren. (Conducted by the Composer.) Benedictus” ..................................A. C. Mackenzie. Pianoforte Concerto in G .................. Mendelssohn. Mdlle. CLOTILDE KLEEBERG. Symphony (No. 8) in F........................... Beethoven. Overture “In Memoriam” ......................... Sullivan. Madame BELLE COLE will SING: “My Heart is Weary” ..................... Goring Thomas. “Lascia ch’io ? planga” .............................. Handel. Full Orchestra of 70 Performers Principal Violin, Mr. Arthur W. Payne. Organist, Mr. Henry J. Wood. * * * * Mr. Robert Newman, the director, had an odd experience the previous Sunday. Mr. Sims Reeves was announced as the vocalist, but being ill with severe congestion of the lungs, was un- able to appear, and Signer Foli was engaged. Just as the concert commenced a messenger ar- rived in hot haste to say that Foli was taken sud- denly ill, and it was utterly impossible for him to put in an appearance. “What am I to do?” cried the distracted impresario. “It is too late to get anyone.” “Sing yourself,” said Ran- degger with emphasis and gravity. “Sing your- self — put the fee in your pocket. All right, my boy — I apologise and explain.” And so he did — and Mr. Newman sang, and got on splendidly. * * * * Syndicates are wonderful things. To-day I am told that “The Kiss of Delilah” has been “se- cured” by a wealthy syndicate, who propose pro- ducing it at Drury Lane after the run of the pan- tomime. * * * * In the Queen’s (small) Hall MISS MAUD M‘CARTHTY will give a VIOLIN RECITAL (Under the direction of Mr. N. Vert), TUESDAY AFTERNOON, Dec. 15, at 3.30, assisted by Vocalist — Miss Louise Phillips, Solo Pianoforte — Miss Fanny Davies, Accompanist — Miss Mary Carmiehael. * * * * THE PARTING OF THE WAYS. He. Alas! of all the ills that man Is forced to bear, the worst Is that the things he loves the best Are always taken first. She. Since you have come to view it so, Go hence and come no more! I understand, you brute, that you Were married once before! 