on end Off toe stage. THE Haytors have arrived in Australia. FITZGERALD made .£3000 -with his circus at Cool- - gardie. Miss Pollie Emery does not leave for London until June. ~ THE George Darrell Company disband in a few days, the tour being at an end. -Easter was spent / in Hobart. * ? ' ? ' . ? THE Alfred Woods company played in Bendigo at Easter, having arrived in good time by the Wakatipu from New Zealand. OTTDA, the daring and graceful gymnast, is not entering into fresh, contracts, as he returns to America in a week or two. Francillon, a comedy by Alexandre Dumas the younger, will be produced to- morrow (Saturday) night, at the Princess', by the Potter-Bellew Com pany. Miss Maggie Moore is expected to arrive by the next American mailboat. She directed that all her correspondence was -to await the Mariposa at Honolulu. Mr. Frank 1/a.wton is to have ..a benefit at the Opera House next Wednesday afternoon, when he will contribute some of his moat popular whistling selections. ; . J MB. Carl Hertz is so pleased with his second visit to Australia that he intends to stay another six months until the close of the year. The New Zea land tour ends in May. MR. John Gordon wont to Adelaide to superintend the arrangement of the Mats a i Royal. This ie the second promo young artist within a few weeks. BX.ANX> Holt is a great admirer of HenrvtJ and " Banjo " Patterson, and says that iU| tralian playwright could turn out work in an> approaching theirs, he would willingly mj J price for it. Australia, hovtever.ia sadlvM.ii the way ot playwrights. Clj MR. Harold M.MacKenzie'snewplay.ft now running at the Lyceum Theatre,' S met with the approval of the public. ! Sydney season prove a financial BUCOBSB, act comedy will also be staged in JACK Webb is now advance agent forPnd cireus, Happy Captain Jaok Sutton is 1 tat er, Billy Aitlren is " first robber," Car is press agent, "Walter St. Leon is ring < fessor Gee is musical director, and " the motley as clown. j';v J. u ~ " ? ^-T ~ tinrfi not disbanded after all. pPrilby Comp^n^st month in New York, "with Sere P!">'inL Miis Edith Crane in the lead Inben 1?HX£ ,"aHc Mirror while praising the to the .Ward of the ] Palnier organization. I . "if Tiaa commenced management at -\UTheatre, London, in My Friend the Prince. T Aubrey Boucicault, is in. the cast, and ffler, Aubrey ^ w&B; leadmg member t0Sand Boucicault Comedy. Company ,n j for several seasons. - Linfq continue to be received regarding the I" shows in the country. ..One com, felted a certain town in New South Wales K. - gfig house, after which, according to tl rnner "tbey cleared out, oblivious of the It business people required remuneration for j rendered#" Ijjjle has secured a divorce through, the 1 Court frcin his wife, professionally known as lautiful Jessica, who was. recently in Australia Lament to Mr. Harry "Riekards.. Mr. Ian? of Tennyson and O'Gorman, the clever Jrtisfcs, was Qo-respondent, and was mulcted §7 damages. . .wife of Mr. Charles Godfrey, the well-known Realist, died in the Melbourne Hospital during 1 from hemorrhage, from which she had-been. & for some time. At the . time of his -wife's fir. Godfrey was on his way to Perth*, and il arrangements were conducted by Mr., J. Mrs. Godfrey was a Jewess. |mlve months Mr. Edward Royce lost his It suddenly came back to him while going |e Strand one day with a friend. They were Ito a restaurant, when Teddy said, " Wait a llellciw,"and thereupon commenced to reel lecMtom a part he had played over fifteen BBviomty, With that his memory returned put of course his chanoes of managers trust pilAaparfc again are very small. i Jlpine Romance' by David Christie Murray j Charles Arnold, Mr Arnold has a fine part, '3 big dog. A He-*? snowstorm effect will be id in this piece, and a self-sacrificing act jpart of.the hero (Mr Arnold), whereby he ?J life of an old man and lets himself drop ibygji, should bring down the house. After pdon and the provinces with the production,, pla contemplates another Australian visit. Joorge Redway hag in the press, and will gwiy, a volume on the art of acting. It will ipeoial contributions from the leading actors Kiln"1/}. a SfQneral treatise on the Kir n 0P'nions of the great aotors of the lll,";tnry TrvinS contributes the .preface. It; l » Ben oowpiled by Mr. J. A. Haminerton, E w r® y ,corilieoted with the Press in ® now edifcorjof the Nottingham Daily 6SrSWl?nd"' of the Thornton Company, |nd oxnnrln a yTl.,ng aotor' has bad a deal iwr tfnv, '"-0' , commenced as a plat Woh he wnnf-°inC<. a. oolr>io opera company, iaiou he *1 °n i *. dramatic stage, On Itho follZiv?'0 M,alvolio in Twelfth Night, I'lmpine froi^Wk Man.no° in Trovatorc, fl'ort'ormnnnl , T HPE,a.re to grand opera, a Tfniino, and "i ' -"-".'^dition, he has appeared 80 a(;,"Od as stage-manage^. Ihoco shi drowning comes from New fan opon Hnlnf° "^Poar in The Marble Heart. rl^itU&that.Mr;" Poodwin was not ln,(1 SydneyindrtH?,n8'B P°Pulai'ity in Mel & 8l>0 Wfia infV was assumed to be the P10 frankly told °l) ,the 0ft9fc of certain r,mt soon na i ,le Atnei'ioan manager the * 0 f?°t home" again, she hhn3Wt hoAvSC'm<lnt that oll'or^d- Tt' PlllNfi flin fenotin°S®raio" Mlss Ada Ward', fcftinB wondorf?,?"' ^ y renmrl« J-" Well, 1l j°°W'yitlGn \u the departure. Aotors clergymen auto re with I' ,9 ^>'<1 ia ii b®ine produced in tho I BlaRom';iU^ Rain !ov the ' Army' B h > nil there the matter ends. Many years ago a son of the late George Honey, when on his sick-bed, wrote a curious pamphlet for the * enlightenment' of his fellow-actors. He had a right to do so if he wished, though why people wlio become 'converted' cannot do so quietly, without brass and drum, is the sort of thing 'no fellah can understand.'" THERE is every indication of A. R. Moulton's new comic opera Lelamme, whicTi will be produced at the Princess's Theatre on May 8, in aid of the Pre vention of Cruelty to Children and the Distressed Actors* Fund befog- a huge success. The production is under distinguished patronage, and great interest is being evinced in the performances. The cast includes the names of the Earl of Shaftesbury, Colonel Bingham, Messrs. Harry Atkinson, C. S. Cunningham, James "Wade, - Spencer E. Holroyd, Mat. Fitzgerald, A. M'Miool Turner, Misses Annie Mau, Hesford-Angus, Kitty Grindlay and Rose H. Musgrove. Mr. Gordon Carter is. acting as secretary. Miss Juliet Wray's marriage with a well-to-do Auckland doctor is expected to be among the event's of the near future. As a matter of fact, the clever little lady actually promised to marry, give up the stage and settle down in private life before Matsct was produced at the Princess.' But she is just as much in love with her ni t as she is with her fiance, and cannot really make up her . mind to leave the stage. Another complication which prevents the course of true love from running smoothly is that her family do not regard the match with much favour, on account of the prospective bridegroom not being of the Jewish faith. [An Auokland report states that Miss Wray Has married Dr. Sharman. ED. T.T.J " MR. Wilson Barrett has explained that The Sign of the Gross is his own original work. Someone had suggested that he got the story from a manuscript submitted to him some years ago. He replies that he never reads manuscripts; " They are at onoe re turned unread by my seoretary," because "when I require plays I know to whom to apply for them." Apropos of whioh a London paper nastily suggests that" Everyone knows'that when Mr. Wilson Barrett requires a play he applies to Mr. Wilson Barrett, and both parties being agreeable, the thine is as good as done!" Mr. Barrett says that Marcus Superbus, the "star" part, is drawn from the apostle St. Paul, and that in writing the play he consulted. "Suetonius, Seneca, Taoitus, and other classical authorities for arohteologioal facts .and colouring.". MR; Edward Sass recently told a good story to a South Afrioari scribe. Some years ago he was on tour with a dramatic company in South Australia. A few miles from the town in which he was playinsr was a village boasting-a population of . 250 souls all told,' the creation of a successful copper mine .in the district. Mr. Sass and his wife, and one or two !of the lady members of the company, visited the mine, and, the inspection over, and there being still spme hours to elapse before the coach departed on. its re turn journey, they decided to call on theeditor of the iooal paper This worthy was in'his ooat sleeves, writing at a desk, and rushing off sheet after; sheet of copy, which he absently handed over to the P.D., to be set up " by the solitary compositor in the inside office.' When Mr. Sass and his "party approached, they were waved off imperiously by the Baokwoods Delaney, with an air of one who had weightier matters on hand. The article finished-it was just about the time of the Bisraarokian on slaughts on England-Mr. Sass approached, and genially suggested that the editor had been writing an important article on the agricultural conditions of the district. " Agriculture be damned," replied the ruler of the destinies '6f-the 250 looal souls. " I've just been giving Rismarck. hell, Sir. That's what I've been doing!" ' ; - Onh of Mr. Beerbohm Tree's most, valuable and anoient "props" for interview purposes is the following letter, -whioh has' done duty in many an ' entertaining article, and crops up "quite promiscuous like" again in the Strand Magaeini this month : " Veneered Sir,-I wish to go on the stage, arid I would like to join your valuable theatre. I have been a briolclayer for five years, but having failed in this branch, I have decided to take on acting, it being much easier work. I am not young, but am six foot tall without my boots. .I have Btudiod Boll's system of . elocution, and am fond of late hours.- E.S." Air. Tree, T observe from the same article, has formed a flattering estimate of our American cousins. Asked what struok him most in the States, the actor replied. " If you aro an author, and invited out to dinner, you will find that the hostess and every one of the "uosta has taken the trouble to read all Your """books beforehand. Isn't that true hospi tality P If .you are an nutor, they know every thing about your careov, and will discuss all the parts you have played. The women are usually protty and always charmingly dressed. We met such a number of courteous and accom plished gentlemen wTisreAer.we went. The culture of some of the younger men there is remarkable. They are thoroughly well versed in modern history and modern art." . The Flying Jordan Company, under the manage ment of Mr. Melville Stoltz, opens at the Sydney Royal on May 1. The principal attraction will be the Jordan family, who will present a number of new and original acts every night, and their final event will be accomplished by the fifteon-year-old girl Rosa, who leaves the central trapeze, swinging into space, then releasing herself from the bar she mates three complete revolutions before alighting in her father's arms, he being suspended from a trapeze hanging directly under the prosce nium arch. Besides the Jordan family, the com pany includes Miss Virginia Aragon, who does some daring athletic feats. The comedy portion of the entertainment is supplied by Mr John J. Burlre and Mies Grace Forrest, also Whiting and Sheppard, protean artists; ChisnelH and Roper, who are descriped as the "King pins of. musical comedy"; the Oliphans, grotesques from the principal music halls of London and Paris; M'Leod and Melville, harpists, singers and dancers ; Mario and Mario, "the athletes of the century." who are known as wizards of the horizontal bar ; Miss Leona Lewis, a very pretty young woman and a graceful dancer; and Howard and St. Clair, who are pleased to term themselves "delineators of negro characters." All these performers have appeared in various music halls and theatres in Europe and the United States, and are said to come with big reputations. Shakspeare'S ghost really ought to know better. If people hold different views about plays and parts, surely the ghost-after all these hundreds of years might recognise the fact and not stir up wrath and bad language with his meddlesome spectral finger in the way it-or he-is doing. No sooner has the flare-up at the Melbourne Shakspeare Sooiety died away than the ghost, delighted with the result, be took itself-or himself-to . a fashionable theatre, where one of the plays' was in rehearsal, and hovering over the principal group, watched the .opportunity . for further ill-doing-at Easter, too, when we should all be good. The lady star was the first to fall under the baneful influence of the ghost. She deliberately wanted to teach a minor star, who had recently consented to add his radiance to others of the constellation, how to aot. But he, also too readily susceptible to the.malevolent ghost, broke into anger, even derision, at the notion, and refused. Then they both grew argumentative. The text, however, was not that of Shakspeare. -The by standers say they distinctly heard cuss-words, but that must have been owing'to the ghost, who .has mastered a great many ohoice expletives on its-or his-reoent flight to earth. Nor has the ghost " gone home" yet. There are more Shakspearian doings to come, among them the amateur production' of As You Like J*, and the ghost has been encountered sitting on the back fence of Government House, and singing softly to itself-or himself-" To Be There." THE Easter, week programme at the Opera House shows Mr. Harry Rickards' oompany in their best possible light. The suceessiop of star performers who appear in the second part necessarily make this portion of the entertainment eagerly awnited j but to all lovers of the old-fashioned and time-honoured ballad, the first part, the itoms given between eight and nine o'clook, are very acceptable. Every kind of song, from Miss Florence Esdaile's operatic selec tions to the ordinary serioroomio and dance, is con tributed by one or other, of the group, while the pretty black and white costumes of the "Sapphonia" ladies make a good background. Miss Lottie Bell man and Mr. Albert Moore's comedy turn maintains its attraction as an agreeable oompound of aoting, singing, dancing and mimicry, made addi tionally olever by the refined humour of the pair. The character sketches . of Miss Jessie De Grey, meet with a good deal of recognition, as do the dance duetts and amusing songs of Miss Conway and Mr. Clarke, but it is Mr. Frank "Lawton's whistling that holds the attention more than any other single specialty. The famous "II Baoio" waltz is'whistled as perfectly as if it were played on the piccolo. Sometimes, indeed, Mr, Lawton's fluency prompts young ladies in the dress circle to bum the melody under their breath, hut the scowling that is indulged in by people in the vicinit.v subdues any such aspirins" rivals into silence. When instead of "II Baoio," Mr. Lawton whistles a simple little ballad like " Two Little Girls in Blue." the audience are just, as pleased, and the concluding bono solo is always the signal for a roar ing demand for an encore. Mr, G. H. Chirgwin's interlude n" complete performance in itself, and while everything lie doos is heartily applauded, the overwhelming preference is for " The'Blind Boy" and " The i* iddle is My Sweetheart." The " Sporting Girls " ballot and Mr. Will Whitburn's skotches are also among the hits of the evening. The Wednesday matinta, commencing at half past two, continues to be well attended. 