WESLEY AN CONFERENCE. FIBST DAY. The annual Conference of the Wesleyan 1 Methodist Church was opened in Pirie- etreet1 Church on Tuesday, February 23. j From 3 o'clock until after 5 a convention : was held. The subject for consideration was " Pentecostal Blessing." The Rev. J. Cowper tbwaite, B.A., led tho meeting, _ and the speakers were the Revs. W. Reed, W. H. Hanton, and T. B. Angwin, M.A. A prayer meeting was held from 7 until 7.30, and at the latter hour the Conference was opened. Pliers was a large gathering of ministerial and lay representatives and of members of the Church. The retiring President, the Rev. P. C. lhomas, occupied the chair. auppvaa BT THE BETIE1NO PaESIUEXT. After devotional exercises the retiring President delivered his address. Reference was first made to the death of the Re v. '1 homas Raston, the wife of tho Rev. C. T. Newman a member of the family of the Rev. C. Heed, Mr. C. Drew, Mr. J. A. Hartley. Mr. Sunter, and others. During the year their beloved Queen had reach the sixtieth year of her reign. (Applause.) This Conference representing tho Wealeyau Church in South and Western Australia would embrace the opportunity to congratulate Her Majesty on the auspicious occasion. The Executive Committee which was called into existence last Conference hsd done good work. A keen interest had been taken in the administration of the funds and othor business of this Com mittee. Alluding to home missions he said tho results of the new departure at last Conference in the appointment of deputations and District Secretaries had been satisfactory in tho verv manifest increase Bhown and income secured. Owing to the removal to Kapunda of the late Secretary, the Kev. C. 1. Newman, who had done grand service for the home mission cause and whoso name would cvor remain associated with it, the Rev. J.11. Stephenson was selected in his stead. A big barrier of debt stood in the way of progress, and Mr. Stephenson had set himBelf to remove it. The sum of £349 had been raised in casli and promises, leaving only a balance of £1(50. This balance should Be raised at once. A loan oi £7 500 at 4 per cent, had been obtained to assist the Broken Hill Trusts, and they wore freatly indebted to the valuable services oi Ir. E. B. Colton for the carrying out of the negotiations.- New Churches had been opened at Willunga, Northfield, and Kybunga. Whilst their operations in Westorn Australia had been somewhat restricted, the work of the Church there, under the capable Chairmanship of tho Rev. G. E. Rowe and the noble band of ministers who had sustained his hands, had boomed. The Church membership there had increased one-third during the year. Eleven additional Sabbath sohools had been opened. Fourteen new Churches and two parsonages had been erected. Extensive ^alterations and improvements had been made in the Churches of Perth and Fremantle. The District Synod was asking Conference for six additional preachers* The Sisters of tho People wore doing splendid work for God and His Church. He spoke of tho damage to the Church at Palmerston, and commended the sufferers by tho cyclone to the generosity of the people. Mr. Thomas's remarks on the burning question of union were thus expressed:—"By a reso lution of the.last Conference the question of Methodist union was submitted to the members of our Church in South and Western Australia, to the members of our Quarterly Meetings, and to the trustees of our Church properties. The result of this vote will be laid before this Conference at the proper time." (Laughter.) The internal life of the Church as shadowed forth in the membership returns was not as satisfactory as could be desired. They reported a decrease in the year's work, but it was im possible to tabulate all the spiritual results. Their mission as a Church was not altered. It was to save men and spread scriptural holiness. They were a part of the great universal Church of God. Methodism as a branch of the divinely founded Church possessed all the distinctive characteristics of the primitive Church _ in apostolic times—teaching fellowship, breaking of bread, and prayers. This was what Chrysostom had called an angelic republic . . . Newness and novelty were the catch words of to-day. Tho pendulum of fashion was swinging away from orthodox teaching. There was no other way than that of the cross to bring back men to God, peace, and rest. Governments, he pointed out, had failed to find a way. Education, art and science, humanitarianism had declared their failure. He emphasized the necessity of recognising the class and Church fellowship meetings In quarters to day there was a great indifference to all organized Christian life. Men were im patient of all kinds of restraints. The cry was for liberty. It was not a matter of in difference whether a Christian man belonged to the organic fellowship of theChurch and was a faithful member in it or not. It was a dear Christian duty to serve the fellowship and to be served thereby, and whoever neglected so to do must inevitably suffer in the spiritual life. One of the needs of to-day was a httle more healthy donominationalism. They thanked God for the Christian Endeavour movement. Never was there a time when the world offered a higher price for the young. The pleasures of sin were made fascinatingly attractive. The gulf stream of worldliness ran smooth and subtle, and the tendency to irreverence, disobedience, and the casting off of all restraint was strong. In addition to these Sabbath desecration was on tho increase. Cycling had put a new temptation in tho path of the young, to which he feared many were yielding, Sunday excursions and picnics were t°H"g the place of attendance on divine worship. A pernicious literature which scoffed at evangelical religion was sapping the life of the young. These were some of the evils against which the young people had to do battle to-day. Let them in every possible way help them to fight them As a Church they heartily endorsed the great social movements for the betterment of their fellow-citizens. They were free citizens in a great country, and it was their duty to cxer cise their rights in the fear of God. Their vote was a sacred trust, and as such they must exercise it. The State and the Church were divine in their origin, and to each they were to be loyal. It was a shame to our Christian commonwealth that any immoral man should be allowed to occupy a seat in the haUsofour Legislatureorinourmunicipalities. (Applause.) Such seats, and such honour, and such re sponsibilities should be for tho chaste, tempe rate, honest, and godfearing men of the land. They prayed that the will of God might be done on earth as it was in heaven. Let them help God to answer that prayer by taking conscience to the ballot-box. Ability or party considerations should not be the first question, but character. He need not ask this Con ference whether it was the will of God that immorality and lustful indulgence should be made difficult, that women should be reve renced end honoured; that gambling, the curse of Australia and the destroyer of men and women, should be banished from the land; that the svstem of sweating should be swept away: that intemperance mid other social evils, which were a menace to the sociallife of our community, should be put down. With one voice they said yes. Then let them 6ee that right and true men were sent forward as their representatives. Nest to the regenera tion of the individual was the regeneration of the State. (Applause.) ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. The election of President was then pro ceeded with. The voting was as follows:—G. E. Rowe, 1; C. T. Newman, 1; J. Leggoe, 1; H. T. Burgess, 2; I. Rooncy, 2; W. B. Mather, 2; J. H. Trevorrow, 3; W. A. Laagsford, 7; 11. 3. Casely, 11; J. Berry, 70. The Ministerial Confe rence duly confirmed the election of Mr. Berry, who thereupon took the chair, to which be was heartily welcomed by his predecessor, who presented to him the emblem of his office, the Word of God. Mr; Beury, in acknowledging the great com pliment, asked for the prayers of the Church. He would give to their beloved Church a motto for the new year. _ It was—" Back to the Holy Ghost." He believed he but expressed the need, the yearning, and the resolve that was felt largely throughout their whole Church that, God helping them, they would get back to the Holy Ghost. (Applause.) Was the Holy Ghost neglected? Unhesitatingly lie answered "Yes." Proof of this state ment was seen in modern litera ture and in _ the ministry There was a , danger of their leaving behind fundamental and spiritual truth. It was the old fire they wanted back again. (Applause.) The present Conference was a most important one. They were to come to a conclusion on Methodist union. It was not for him to express nn opinion at this stage, but he knew there was absolute agreement that every one wanted to do she will of God in this matter. (Applause.) THE RETIRING PRESIDENT. A unanimous hearty vote of thanks was passed to the retiring President for his efficient services during the year. OTHER OFFICERS. The Rev. W. A, Langsford was elected Secretary, receiving seventy-eight votes. The Revs. T. A. James and T. E. Thomas, M.A., were elected Assistant Secretaries, and the Rev. R. Kelly was appointed letter-writer. Tiio following is the first reading of stations as recommended by the Stationing Com mittee :— Southf.rn District. — Adelaide (Pirie-street), Robert is. Casely, George E. W'heatley (Draper Memorial), W. Benson Mather (Mile-End), Walter H. Han ton (Parkside), James Read supernumerary; Adelaide (Archer - street), John Cowpertliwaite, B.A., John Leggoe (Prospect), W. Corly Butler (Walkervillc); Adelaide (Kent Town), Joseph Berry, Charles H. Inguuiells (Payneliam), Edward Barber (Hackney) supernumerary; Adelaide (Norwood and Magill), John Watts, Charies Lane (Magill), Charles H. Goldsmith (Kensington). Thomas Eduieades (Evandale) supernumeraries; Adelaide (Brompton), William Reed; Unley, H. Henwood Teague; Glcnelg, Paul C. Thomas, Thomas Lloyd super numerary ; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, J. Bunt ing Stephenson (Semaphore), Thomas A. James (Port Adelaide); Gurocracha,Augustus 1) Bennett; Widunga, Isaiah Perry; Clarendon, Isaac Rooney; Aldgate and Summertown, Thomas E. Thomas, M.A.; Mount Barker, James Allen; Murray Bridge and Calliugton, Sampson Stephens; Strathalhyn, William A. Baingcr; Yankalilla, William H. Hodge; Goolwa, George W. Kendrew; Renwark, one to be sent; Palmerston, Henry Trewren and a Chinese catechist. Middle District.—Gawler, Henry T. Burgess; Kapunda, Charles T. Newman; Ang&ston;, Thomas M. Rowe; Tempters and Stockport, Horace Faull; Kooringa, J. Young Simpson; Redruth, W. Alfred Langsford (Aberdeen); Clare, William H. Rofe; Mintaro and Auburn, David S. Wylie; RifWton, John Gillinghatu; Eudunda, Charles Doley. Northern District.—Melrose, John Blacket; Wilmington, one to be sent: Bliuman, Bel tana, and Great Northern Misssion, Home Missionary, who shall be under the supervision of tho minister of the Hawker Circuit; Port Pirie, Samuel Rossiter; Crystal Brook and lledhill, George Hall; Koolunga, Albert Stuhbs; Jamestown, William T. Hiatt; Laura. William G. Clarke; Terowie, JohnC. Ilill; Port Augusta, William A. Millikan • Quorn, T. Geddes White; Hawker, JohnH. Goss- Jolinsburgh, one to he sent; Petersburg, Alfred H. Carne; Waukaringa and Waduaminga, Home Missionary; Broken Hill and Silverton (N.S.W.), John D. Langsford, Alfred P. Burgess (Broken Hill South). I. Thomas Trestrail applies for a year's rest. Yorke's Peninsula District.—Moonta, Vivian Roberts, Charles Reed iMoonta Mines); Kadina and Wallaroo, Robert Kelly; Port Wakefield, Archibald Grewar; Yorketown, Charles H. Nield; Minlaton, John Nairn; Maitland, Thomas B. Angwin, M. A.; Ardrossan, Home Missionary; Port Lincoln, Home Missionary; Elliston, one to be sent; Franklin Harbour,Home Missionary; Fowler's Bay and Streaky Bay, Home Missionary. South-Eastern District.—Mount Gambier, John H. Trevorrow; Narracoorto, Henry C. Georgo; Millicent, W. J. Mortimer; Kingston, Home Mis sionary; Border Town, Henry Chester, Super numerary. Western Australian District.—Perth, George E. Rowe, Albert W. Bray, Charles A. Jenkins, one to be sent, Chinese catechist; Guildford, Tboiras Bird, Home Missionary (Midland Junction); Fre mantle, William A. Potts, Arthur J. Barclay, Home Missionary; York, Jonathan J. Ni 'hol s; Gerald ton, Richard Dunstan; Dongarra, one to be sent. Home Missionary (Greenough); Albany, John A. Jeffreys; Bunbury, Alfred C. Plane; Northam, Frederick S. Finch; Newcastle Mission, Home Mis sionary ; Coolgardie, Arthur S. J. Fry; Kalgoorlie, Henry Wilkinson; Murchison, one to be sent; Southern Cross, Joseph G. Mitchell; Kanowna, Henry W. Congrere; Kurawa, candidate; Menzies, John G. Jenkin; Black Flag Mission, Home Mis sionary; Noiseman and Dundas Mission, Home Missionary (Norseman); Esperance Mission, Home Missionary; Mount Magnet Mission, Home Mis sionary; Great Southern Mission, Home Mis sionary ; Midland Mission, Home Missionary (Gin gin); Jarrahdale Mission, Home Missionary; Eastern Timber Mills Mis-ion, Home Missionary (Lion Mills); Marble Bar Mission, Home Mis sionary; Daymark Mission, Home Missionary; Yalgoo Mission, Home Missionary. 2. John Robert Thrum is on the President's list of reserve. THE NEW PRESIDENT. The Rev. Joseph Berry is one of the ablest men in the Australasian Methodist Church. His preaching gifts are of an undoubtedly high order, and his influence a9 a pastor and his administrative ability have proved accept able wherever he has laboured. When Mr. Berry left New Zealand for South Australia nearly four years ago the sister Conference most heartily commended "him to the South Australian Couferenee as a brother who will give strength to their work," and that commendation has been in every sense justified. _ His successful ministry and the leading position he occupies in tho Church amply warrant the choice of his brethren in placing him at the head of his denomination in this colony at this important juncture in its history. Mr. Berry was born in lSflTit Preston, Lancashire, and was educated for the ministry iu London uudcr the Kev. Dr. Kesson. By tho-way, he is a son-in-law of the Rev. Dr. Osborn, who has been twice Presi dent of the British Conference. When twenty years of age he came out to New Zealand, where he spent twenty-six years of his life, labouring with great accep tance in the principal cities—Dunedin, Auck land, Christchurch, Wellington, and other placee. For some portion of this time he travelled for the sake of his health, and lectured in Great - Britain on behalf of the colonial Government. He was honoured by election to the Presidential chair in the New Zealand Confereii is in 1886, and was further honoured by representing the General Con ference in 1891 at the (Ecumenical Conference in Washington, at which ho delivered an address entitled "The Relation of the Church to Trades Unions," vvhieh created a great deal of interest. In April, 1893, Mr. Berry came to South Australia at the invita tion of tho Pirie-street Circuit, leaving New Zealand with manv expressions of regret on the part of the Churches and the publio generally. He was appointed Superintendent of _ the first Circuit of the colony, and remained in Pirie-atreot for the full term of three years, when he was transferred to Kent Town, his present Circuit. In South Australia and in New Zealand the impress of hiB personality has been felt. Methodist Union has bis warmest sympathy. Ho is closely in touch with all branches of religiouB work, and holds a warm place in the affections of the young people through his being President of the Christian Endeavour Union of South Australia. He is the Bonior editor of the Christian Weekly. He takes a ■widespread and an abiding interest in social questions, and has frequently contributed to the Press. 