Why Did He Love Her? CHAPTER XIX (Continued). SShe is warned. She repeated to me a portion of her conversation with her uncle this morning when they were out riding, and he gave her to understand if Mr. Vane presumes to approach her in the character of a lover, he will not be acceptable to him." "If Fontaine understood her--as- well-as- we do, he would never la:ae done that. You know that Savella has always been actu ated by the contrary spirit; what we de sired her not to do, she is sure to attempt. Philip Vane now has an interest in her eyes, which he might never have possessed had she been left to herself; and when she learns she can rival this girl, she will make an effort to do so." " Oh, well, she can amuse herself by flirting with him, but marrying him is another thing." "I tell yon," replied Summerton. " that if she falls in love with him, she will have her way at the risk of her life. With her fortune she would make a brilliant mar riage. If we could get rid of encumbrances we could return to Italy and give her a prince for a husband." "I have already hinted as much to her." " And how did she receive it ?" "She seemed to assent, but she was thinking of something else, she said nothing with reference to it." The following day the family from the Vale came to La Fontaine, and formed their own estimate of the strangers. Aware that such an ordeal must be un dergone, Senora Roselli' was "solicitous about the appearance of herself and her niece. Her own dress was simple, but rich and becoming, and on Savella's toilette she expended all her skill. An amber-coloured silk, trimmed with black lace, fell in flowing folds to the floor; Roman pearls glittered on her neck and arms; the last were of sculptured beauty. Her hair was braided into a plat fastened at the back of her head with jewelled arrows, and a faint tinge of rouge lighted up-her dark eyes. When Isola and Savella -entered the li brary, Fontaine arose and laid aside his books. He seemed surprised and pleased as his eyes fell upon his niece, and he said to her: "Truly you take one by sonirise. A while ago 1 discovered, you are a genuine nightin-" gale, and now youi come to me' almost a beauty. I iiuproud of my little girl,-and my rose and m? peari'l heed fear no rivals in the valley." " Thank you;" she said. "-But 1 do not wish to be called a rose. I am afraid I am but a yellow one, and the whole race- is too ephemeral- If Isola is a gem,: give. ? :as appropriate a name as pearl is to her." "Then you shalt be my ruby," he re plied. . -That is better; rubies, with their scar let glitter, suit my style'. SThen my first gift to ion shall be a set worthy to be worn by the last desceadant of my family". SOhli,' icle Claude yo-t are too good, and I 'pr, ise treil be all-~ buho ishme."-- . Hei'kissed'her brow 'then bestowing the same caress on Isola, left the room .to re ceive his -guests, who at that moment drove up to the door.. ljola accompanied him, but Savella lin ger?d in the library till the party was esta blished in the drawing-room, and her aunt and Summerton had been presented to the~o. As she had anticipated, her uncle came for her, and drawing her arm through his own, with sthtefv' pride" Fontaine 'lA her into the apartment, and introduced her to his friends. When Fanny saw her she could scarcely repress an exclamation of surprise, and the thought: -Goodness! s that the same girl I saw yesterday, looking cotsmonplace enough? I declare she has bloomed into beauty. Won't cousin Carrie say I was prejudiced I" Savella found herself the principal object of attention. She replied with ease to the kinu words addressed to her. Senora Ro selli and Summerton sustained her, and the incidents of the day were a triumph to the subtle schemers. When dinner was over, music was called for; Isola and Fanny sung ballads with sweetness, and responded to the request. Savella, with diffidence, declined an in vitajtid to the piano, but when Fontaine a1iproached her, and taking her hand, said: "Come, and let our friends enjoy the treat I have looked forward to with plea sure," she could no longer refuse. As the first notes of her voice arose, General Berkely and his son came in from the piazza, w\here they had been talking with Summertun. The party gathered around the performer, listening in silence. " By Jove " exclaimed the general, at the close of the first song, " that is marvellous ! is throws you all in the shade, Carrie. You and your pupils must hide your heads after such music as that." "-No," she replied, " we shall do no such thing. Really, we must thank you for an enjoyment that rarely falls to our lot in this secluded valley. Your voice is exqui site, and your execution admirable." "I have had the best tmtsters," Savella replied, " and my fondness for music led me to profit by their instructions.'" "That is easily seen; but pray give us more. Do not attempt to leave the piano yet." Thus solicited, Savella struck into a fan tasia which displayed her skilful execution, and at its close she was petitioned for another vocal effort, There was a bright moon, and at a late hour the guests departed, charmed with the young stranger, and pleased with her two satellites. CHAPTER XX. Isola'S DAGER.. The fame of Savella's musical abilities penetrated to every house in the valley, and day after day carriages, filled with elegantly dressed ladies, escorted by cavaliers, drove ap to the front of La Fontaine; and flat teries enough were lavished on the heiress to have turned a much stropger head than hers. During these visits Isola was often made to feel the change in her position, by care !ess neglect; but many showed that she was worthy of esteem, if her origin was un known, and the smiles of Fontaine had de serted her; for, through Philip Vane's im prudence, it had become well-known in the valley that the orphan would not inherit Flntaine's fortune. All pitied her, a few attempted to pa tronise her, but she was so dignified under this reverse, that al .were surprisrd. But " the d??nf'd s-glided?'away--er--eheeks -lost their hue of health, and a feeling of lassi tude often oppressed her. Dinner and evening parties were given in honour of the advent of the heiress' by every family in the valley, and in inexpli cable weariness Isola dragged herself from house to house unwilling to cloud the en joyment of Savella by betraying how ill.she was; for she seemed to have formed a strong attachment to her, and declared that half her pleasure would be destroyed if. Isola was not the companion of her'tri umphs. At these gatherings they met Philip -Vane, and as he looked on the ihanged ap pearance of Isola, he laid the flattering unction to his soul that his desertion had not been unfelt. ... At first Philip seemed shy of approaching the heiress, but from the moment Savella's eyes rested on his person, she used every . coquettish art to lure him to her side. His indifference piqued her, his beauty dazzled her. and'vWhed he laid aside his reserve-and - entered the lists with other pretenders to her favour, she was captivated by the fasci nation of his manners. One of those passions sprung up in the breast of the Italian,-and Senora; Roselli saw her own fears verified. All the efforts used to prejudice Saveila against Philip seemed to have recoiled on those who at tempted to make them. All the warnings of her uncle; the certainty that he would oppose her union with a man who was not received in his house; all the opposition of the two who wished to retain her under their own control, was of no avail. If Philip Vane loved her well enough to ask her to become his wife, she declared to her aunt she would brave everything to do so. But Philip had some sense of manliness left in him, and when he had looked on the pale face of the girl lie believed to be fading into her grave because 'hehad desertedsher, he felt that it would be base to inflict a new wound when the last seemed to have struck so deeply yi - He i-frame from making a: declaration to Savelia, though he made love to her with every opportunity;; that offered itself ;_ he felt secure that no rival could foil' him, -for he read the passionate soul of this girl, and awszte. a more favourable time to ask her the momentous qu estion-would she be' come his wife? Philip spoke to Savella of her uncle's-dis taste to hinm;andprotested that he.had lost his favour through no fault of his own. Mr. Fontaine.was peculiar,- and a misunder -standing had arisen between them. He confessed that he had once admired Isola, but never tillihe saw Savella had his heart really been touched. With each hour passed in his scelety the' heart of Savella became more deeply en thralled, till she owned that without him life, fortune, or any earthly good, would be valueless in her eyes. With the skill of a skilful diplomatist. Philip led on this crea ture till he felt secure that in opposition she would give him her hand and fortune when the time for action- arrived. He liked her; was flattered by her: pre -ference; but, until his father's suit was de cided against him, he could not make up his mind to the last irrecoverable step which his vanity led'him to believe would prove a death-blow to Isola. The change in Isola's appearance was" re -marked with pain by Miss Carleton, and she came over to La Fontaine and insisted on taking her young friend to the Vale to pass a few weeks. To this Fontaine consented; for in his uneasiness he was ready to grasp at any change that promised diversion -to her mind. It was believed that the desolate feeling of which she had spoken to him was killing her slowly, and he hoped much. for her from the cheerful companionship of the family at the Vale. ----- . - Sutumerton, who- had proffered his medi cal skill, and been employed as her physi cian. approved of the proposed change. He prepared for her use a vial of drops, which he. counselled her to take three times within the twenty-four hours, and Isola promised to follow. his directions. Savella expressed her regret at losing her, but promised to ride over every day with her uncle'to inquire after her health. Fanny received her friend with joy, and exclaimed: "Now we have you among us I mean to try grandma's specific on you-the 'home bitters.' that she used to dose us with when we werechildren. If it cured us then, it may do as much for you now, and I have a bottle in this room ready for you." Isola smiled, and replied : "'Mr. Summerton is a physician, and I have brought a supply of medicine pre pared by him. "Have his prescriptions done you any good ?" "Not much. The drops seem to exhili rate me for a few hours, but the reaction brings on a weariness and depression that is indescribable." " Then you shall take no more of them while you are with us. - Try grandma's elixir, if you love me." Isola was in that listless state in which she cared little what was offered to her, and she said : "As you please. I don't suppose it makes much difference what I take, for no thing seems to do me good." "But we mean to do you good, and make you well again. Don't talk as if you intend to go from us in the first bloom of youth. It is too bad, Isola, to see how lifeless you have become;" and the girl burst into tears. "My dear Fanny, I should only be too happy if I could lay aside the dread that has settled on my heart. I confess that it is hard to lie in the cold grave at se'enteen. But if it is the will of my Heavenly Father, 1 must submit." " You must not, you shall not die, Isola. Oh! whas will become of George when he hears-that you-" She choked, and could not go on. Isola sadly said: " He will feel it, I knowe; but if I conceal from him that I might have loved him in the time to come, he will not be inconsol able." " Would you leave him to think that love for that false man wounded you unto death ?" asked Fanny. " My dear Isola, give George the consolation of knowing what you have just expressed, if the an guish of losing you by death must be his. The blow will be softened by the certainty that your heart had asserted its freedom, and Philip Vane is no longer your ideal of maniy excellence." "I#do not believe he ever was that to me, Fanny; and now he has lost all power. This is the truth, though my father will not believe it"' "But 1 believe it, and I believe that grandma's skill can rival that of your Ea culapins. Do you know that if I were in 2our place I should be afraid to take any thing offaers?.me.by those people." " Nonsense, Fanny. Why should the "'. seek to injurelne ?,I beg you will not in, sinuate anything so dreadful: Hiýs skill i great, and hits kindness to me unfailing-... To speak the truth. I did not like any of these strangers; but they have improved or a longer acquaintance. I am -attached' Savella, and her aunt has been so attentive to me since I have been sick, that I anf ashaiied of my first. distaste to her." But Fanny was still sceptical; she said "-They- have everything to gain and nothing to lose by showing sympathy; but if the affection of Mr. Fontaine for you had been less tender, I fancy they .would have acted differently. I don't believe in any of them; Savella has more heart than either.: of the others, but she is a shallow parcel - of vanity, and her head is turned by atten tions to which she is unaccustomed. Have you remarked the manner of Philip Vans to her of late?. She has done all she could to attract him, and I believe he is ready to transfer to her the allegiance he once pro. fessed to you." -"He is quite welcome to do so; buti Philip will scarcely dare appear before mn father with'another proposal for his lie-: ress." "Perhaps he will not think that cez?* mony necessary. There are such things, as elopements; and if the truth is told about Mr. Fontoine's affairs, his consent will make no difference in the fortune his niesO is entitled to claim." This aroused Isola from her apathy, and she gravely said: " My dear Fanny, that is supposing that Savella has neither principle nor gratitude. Do not suggest such an impossibility ar an elopement. Philip would shrink from the thought of such perfidy toward a man who has treated him with kindness from his boyhood.' " Oh! well, let us waive the subject, Isola, for we shall ieveragree. - Times will prove which is right CHAPTER 1x-. aimBE DF. r S A OK. I Fanny left the room and Isola ate a frag ment of biscuit and drank a small portion of thenide. iMiss Carleton observed her,. while she talked with her. She saw with -pain the-delicate complexion front which every- bloom had vanished,.the. weary out look from the large dark eyes, and the drooping- lassitude of the slender figure.' After a pause, she said - " "May I speak with you, Isola, and d d vise you as-freely as I did in your childish days?" "Surely, .you know, to you 1 always look as my mentor, for next to my father jot. have been my best friend."' "Then suffer me to use the privilege of friendship.to probe your heart. Isola. is disappointed love wreeking the proisme of 0, life as I hoped yours would be? Speak the truth, and know she who asks the question; has known enough sorrow to comprehenit . yours." "Sorrow to you ! I thought that you had always bloomed in the sun-hine, cousin Carrie," said Isola. "I have had my struggle with disappoint= ment but I-haee not permitted it to 3e stroy my usefulness, nor to tuar my enjoy ment of the blessings left to. me. But you -don't deal frankly with me." - "I can lay my hand on my heart and assure you that the passing fancy I had for Philip Vane has nothing to do with my ill ness. At first I suffered; but mny feeling did not affect my health. There must be some defect in my constitution, which has de veloped itself as1I attained maturity.' I overheard Mr. Summerton tell my father such is the case." " And is Mr. Fontaine satisfied Mr.-Sun merton is a better physician than Dr. Sin clair? I wish he would call in to see you." -"I am not ill enough to require two phy sieians, rid faiher'says there is less safet?y in such a cqigse. He has reason to confide in the skill of Mr: Summerton." '"Perhaps Mr. Fontaine is right, -but I wish Dr. Sinclair could see you." Are yon sure that jealousy is not lurking in some corner of your heart-for Philip has joined Savella's admirers" - "I have declared from the'first-my ill ness-has nothing to do.with Philip. If hr were to marry Savella to-morrow, I should only feel it as it affected my father; but he has this idea firmly fixed in his brain,and if I die, I shall have the mortification of knowing that those I best love will think I was weak enough to give up life because a heartless man proved faithless. Oh! think better of me, for I deserve that you should do so." Her earnestness called a flush to hes cheek, and Miss Carleton drew near ier, and said: "I am satisfied, Isola, that you are not perishing of a broken heart, and I have the hope that we can bring you back to health again. We will lavish such cares on yon that you must revive." Exhausted by the short drive to the V?ie, Isola ,vent to bed, and soon went inir a slumler, in which she moaned as if in pa.in,. Miss Carleton maintained her watch beside her, though Fanny came quietly in and placed on the dressing stand the vial she had taken away. Though full of glee at the feat she had performep, she did not betray what she had done. Every drop of Summerton's potion had been thrown away, the -;at washed thoroughly, and spring water substituted. Fanny believed Summerton to be a quack, whose plausibility had imposed on Mr. Fontaine, and she wondered at his in fatuation in allowing the life of his protdgd to be risked on his skill. When Isola found her drops restored, she continued to take them, and the improve ment made in her health by ten days' stay at the Vale she partly attributed to their edficacy. Every member of the family showed the kindest solicitude in her re covery, and at the close of the second week she had guined strength to ride out. Every day Paontaine came over, accomps nied by Savella. to inquire after her, and he was thankful to see a faint tinge of rorle blooming on her cheeks; but Isols observed that a shadow had fallen over him. c was se!f-ahsorbed, and she wondered if the knowledge of Pllilip's atten;ions to Savells had thus affected him. Fontaine rarely attended evening parties, and when hie was present, Philip was careful not to make his devotion to Savella so marked as to attract his attention, for iS was his policy to conceal his plans from ie uncle till they were ripe for execution. (To be continued.) All work, no play.-Learning the plane. T1hy lDid He Love H2er? CHAPTEIR XXI (Continued). Isola made efforts to while him from his osadness, but she sanw that she failed, though he made an ffort to talk as usual One mornin_. on parting iron, her, he-said: "I mrut soon claim yon agan. I can not !s a without rou much longer, and it is mnr re--olte to keep yonu under ny orn roof. His espression was so strange, so dif ferent from his ordinary one, that IsolD loekrd at him in surprise. \- Nothing opuoses my return, father, and if youu miss me so much I will go back with von now. Iam so much better that I no loote? r need the care that has been lavished on se- No, nono-t ret-not vet Remain at the Talc till.you are stronger, for-" He ksa-ed her brow, and offering his .thank? to hisse Carleton for her kindness to hiu child, mounted his horse and rode ewa. Both were struck awith his preoccu pied manner, and a fear fell on the heart of 3it. Car eton thias-otme aeight was press in on his heart She would not helieehim \- pable of crimue; if evil had beet done, he p? nt ive been the-ictimfwith the brother who had eo mv-terij-ly prczhed, and she felt the certainty that Senora Roselli was cognisant of what had occurred in Italy; that she had pa ?ticipated. in the scenes which had left snuc an impression of sad ness on Fontaine ts~- this woman ca..e to his house for any good puriose - he could not belie:e. but she -as far fSroum - usicting the turpittde which those two hv-rscrtes were consum matming. - - On the night after Isola s denartnre,Fbon taine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into the state of his affii- prera parator- to makinl his will A rise in tobacco had enabled his mer chant to sell his nst crop at a high price, and the iproceeds. amounting to ten thou sand i.tians, he intended to settle on Isola. If he ii-ed hie wouli be sle to do more for her: if he died, or lost his reason, Savella would come into po?-essioti of his estate?? the lawinl heir_ Celia, who had waited aon Isola from her childhood, he would give to her, and a draft of -the will he intended to make fay on the table. His head was bent over- a column- of figures. when he was startled by a siock. Then three raps from beneath the table and the voice so long unheard breathed almost in his ear: "Ciaude, I am beside yonu I. mnst tell you how hanpi I am that you have sent from you the riv- of my child. Let her star from beneath this roof, for her presence is a curese to it" Fontaine was unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restoted to him full self possession- Be ex-eluded: - - SFell and evil spirit, for suchI no- know yon to be. asaunt! I refuse to obey your dietates. Leave my house unpolluted by youraccursed presence "' \- Claude ! beware of speakng thus, for I r.e the lower of life and death over her ?u wyon. 'Did you not feel the touch of my ingers? Icould as easily have struck yon senseless had I chosen to do so. Take my child to your heart; make her the heiress of all-all you possess, and I will leave you in peace- Act otherwise, and I will il yonr house with such devilish reveL'- that you will be -glad tono e to terms." It w'as Henry Fontaine s voice that sounded in his ear; but the listener felt that his broth?-rs nature must have become warped in the spirit-land to speak thus. And he firmly said: "An evil demon has obtained power over me through my own fratriridd act; hut that von are Henry Fontaine I will never believe unless I have occular demronst-ation to that effect If I see you with my own e es, I may beliere their evidence ; nothing less will convince me." "Ho !" laughed the speaker, " with you, seeing is believing is it Well-.ou shall have that proof. So impalpable a presence as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, his form raved forth through the power be suned on him in the spirit-world. if ;on ben bear the sight, I promise to render my self visible to Toue. Fontaine exclaimed: "Let me see von this moment I will ea tinguish the lamp," and heput out his hand to remove the shade. The voice spoke as if receding from him: " Not let, Claude. The sight would mad den jour brain; for when I do come, it will be asyou last saw me-dying by your band, Can you bear that ?" \- Fontaine sank down, pale as the dead. He shuddered, and putting out his hand. said: "Go away. for God's sake ! Once before your presence near me nearly diove me to auicide- Persist in coming to me and I ahal lose reason. If you are my brother, you nill rease me to bear uy burden in such peace as I now may find." A-ainu dhat thrilling touch sent its electric shiver through his veins, and the departing 'oice said : "Adiea. I leave you at your oLEmmand; buhot, if ou pay no re-pect to my wishes. I shall nmake ".2 presence fel: by you again." Three raps illed the room with their echoesr,. and C:esar appearred in the doorway with a scared face. and fahered: "Wa- you a knocki' for me, marse Cianude ere goin' through de hall, an' heerd de nrt.ise. an I though' you was tsakn sick and -an:ed sufn'." Foniaine lif -it his nhie fa.ee, now stern vith a-nger, and quickly asked: "i..?r inung have you been near that !oor Htave you overheard anything en ept the raps " "Fo'oie ibreosed Lord. I htn't: I'd jest come in to-shet up de house for de night I hopes you don' s'pect me of spin' on you, "1 lshsuld not do so, Cesar, for o0 have always been fai'.ful; but something strange has hapsned. I desire you will say no thing of the noises you have heard" At that inst:ant another peal was heard, beneath shich ;the lamp and papers on the table trembled. The negro fell on his nmee. Hie cried out: " G'eay from here, you cussed debil dat you must be-- g'way. What does ghost esses want in dis house? Getont'ndis, or I'll mke my ole o'man scold you." A smile crept over Fontaine's lips at this absunrd threat from the poor old man. He remained -standing in the same attituds sreveral moments, listening to any ferther Aemonutration that might be made. "You have heard of spirit-rappming, Casar, and you have seen experiments tried here by the young people. Th sre is no thing to alarm you in it I have witnessed such things, and no evil came from themn Get up, and attend to closing the house-" At this command, the old servant arose : "I ain't used to such things, manse Claude. I sin't got much gumption, an' an' I is feared to go out'n de hall by my sel. El dat ar' thing was to foiller arter me, _n' hammer on de do'. I should drop His rolling eyes and dunsky complexion proved the truth of his assertions, and Fon taine kindly said: "I will go with you, then, but I think the visitation is over for this time. I for bid you to speak of whatyon have witnessed here-" "I'll member what you say, marse Claude, an' I'll try to 'bey you ; but I wishes dat I hadn't heerd nothin' on it myselt" Fontaine preceded him in his tour of the house, and saw all the windows and doors closed, As Caesar was leaving Claude, he entreated: " Don't have nothin' to do-wid'em, marse Claude. Dey is debbils in 'sguise. Ax de bressed Lor to sen 'em back to de place der come from, an' He'll take de cuss a-saay from you." -I have not called the spirits, Cxsar; andon may be sure I shall pray to be de livered from their persecuutions.' "Dat's right, car; but I hates to see you go back inter dat haunted house all by your "Have no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm me." The moonlight fell upon his face, and Casar noted the rigid whiteness that had settled on it. the restless fire that burned in his lark eves. In the open air the oldman wasno longer afraid: but he saw his master re-enter the house and close the door behind him with a feeling of dread. - - He listened; but all remained still, and he moved toward his cabin ina state of be wilderment shich did not escape the keen observation of Aggy when he appeared be fore her. But to all her inquiries he only replied by deep groans "dat de debbil was to oar in de o!le house."- - - "I 's-ectee as much when dese furrin people got to stay in it," she replied, "But what's happened " "'othin'; only de debbil's to pay, dat's alL" "E he is to pay. I hope he'll take his debt our'n you, you old stupid," was the re tort- I jes' wish yon'd-hold your- tongue, or else talk sense wid it" Ciesar obeyed her wish; for he refused to speak further, in spite of the eajoleries which Ag condescended ?aritd etice. She taunted him with being possessed with a dnmo devil, to which he ruefullrreplied: "A dnzno debbili bettern atalkn' one." "Dat dar's for me, so 1ll jes' shet up But Ill find out 'hat has flustrated you so much, in spite o' your cicnmbendibusses. Thar! I don1 t iliere marne Claude knows a bigger word dan dat." At length day dawned. and soon after Ca-sar heard the voice of Fontaine speaking to the overseer in the yard. Thanking God that he was still living. the old servant aroused his wife and prepared himself for the duties of the day. CHAPTER XXII, Night after night, throughout Isola's ab sence, the same attempts were made to ex tract from Fontaine a pledge that she should never return to the shelter of his rooL The draft of his will was copied, and he placed it in his desk with the original, in tending to go to Lynchburg and have it en grossed by a lawyer. A f2w dass after wards he sought for them to make some alterations, and both papers were found torn into fragments, which were scattered over the desk. That night his familiar told him he had doneit; that he would find means to de stroy -every instrument which alienated from Saveita any of the property which was Fontaine had fallen into replying to the voice as if the speaker were a tangible pre sence. and he said: "I will place my wilt where you cannot reach it" In response a laugh came, followed by the words: "Try it, Claude, and see if you can find a spot into which I shall be unable to pene trate." The will was placed in an iron chest in his room; he carried the key about his per son, yet three days afterwards, when he sought for it, that he might take it with him to Lynchburg, he found it destroved. Examination of the lock convinced him that it had not been tampered with: but Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his intention. A skeleton was sent to his lawyer in Lvnchburg with a request that he would have it ready for signature at the end of a week. During the absence of Idola, Savella en deared herself to Fontaine; and aceompa nied him in his walk to the quarters. and when there showed the liveliest interest in the 'elfare of the people who were to be come her Froperty za some future day. She appeared to have overecome her distaste to them, and the hindness with which she ad dressed thlrlm won golden opinions. Savella endeavoured to f11ll the place of Isola. and for hours she plaed and sang to her uncle. who felt the demon exorcised by the spelt of music. Autumn had set in. One afternoon Fontaine was detained from home several hours, and returned depressed in spirits. He yearned for musie; but on inquiring for his nIcrce he was told that she was cone out fora walk. After a few turns he threw on his hat, and took the pathway which he had ob served Savel!a pursued of late when she set out forher afternoon walk. Fontaine had proceeded half a mile with out encounteri:g any one, and he began to think Savella had taken another path. when the sound of voices struck upnon his ear. The speakers were sheltered behind a clump of bushes; but a few steps brought the in truder in view of the two voho fancied them selves secure from observation. Savella was seated in a grape vine chair, formed by twisting the long branches to gether, and a; her feet reclined Philip Vane. resting his head against the rustic seat, and holdingher hand in his own. He was speaking passionately, and the exoression of the girl's face revealed what waspassing in her heart Fontaine read its meaning at one glance, and then strode forward. Savella uttered a cry, and Philip sprang to his feet to confront the face that glared on him with bitter contempt. " So-o-- IMr.ane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you if it is the part of an honourable man to enter my grounds without my knowiedge and meet my niece in this clandestine manner ?" Philip recovered his audacity, and he coolly said: " My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental. I assure you. Since that happened, as I was no longer a visitor in your house, I have availed myself of such chances as offered thamselves to see your niece. To-morrow I should have waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Miss Fontaine has just honoured me by accept ing me as her future husband." Fontaine listened to this address with surprise. He turned to his niece and sternly asked: "Sarella, can this be true? Have you disobeyed my wishes so as to suffer your heart to be won by a man I assured you would never be acceptable to me?" She looked up appealingly and faltered: "Oh, unel- Claude, I loved Philip from the first moment I saw him. I know that I have done wrong; but he loves me, and and I will never marry any one but him." Her uncle scornfully said: " Doubtless M?r. Vane has induced you to believethat he adores ou: but it is not long since he came to me and professed the same feeling for another. I cannot under stand the facility with which his affections have been transferred from her to you; yet why do I say so, for I am afraid I do comprehend it but too welL" "Philip never loved Isola," Savella ex claimed. " He has told me so, and I be lieve him." A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye flahed over Philip. He retained sufficient self-control to speak calmly. - " Miss Fontaine speaks the truth, it was but a passing faney I had for another. I do not regret this discovery, as it affords mean opportunity I have desired to express my sentimentsr "Philip Vane, your audacity passes be yond all bounds," said Fontaine. "Do yon suppose I am not aware how much your professions.are worth? Savella, when this man learned that Isola would. not inherit my property, he deserted her; and .in this brief space of time he professes to haveat tached himself to you with ardour unfelt for her. Judge for yourself if he would not be. equally faithless to you if the smiles of for tuine should forsake rots" "Oh, uncle Claude," pleaded Savella, " do nbtopeasso, ford lore hiin, I tell you! andI shall die if I am separated from him! No. he ~eferloved Isola ; he loves only me !" There~.as such passionate feeling in her voice that Fontaine was touched. He more gently said: - .. " Poor child you must suffer from the perfidy of a m?rn hose personal attractions are his only recommendation. But I must save yon from him at all hazards." Then, turnming to Philip Vane, he went on: Mr. Vane. if anything could have added to the distaste I have for you, it is the know ledge that in this underhand manner you have attempted to win your way into my family. . I decline accepting yon as-a suitor to my niece, and believe she will be in \- duced to listen to reason, and give up a man who seeks her for her worldly advantages alone." "`Speak," said Philip : " Shall it be so'? Tour inheritance is your own; and I am sufficiently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives whicn Mr. Fontaine has imputed to me. I love you ; you are aware of the: redl nature of the obstacle that lies betu-ean us; and you have seen that Isola now regards me as an old friend. Accept or reject me at once, foron your decision rests our futurerelation to each other." His eyes were fixed on her-she made a step forward, laid her hand in his, andsaid:? "Philip, I believe in the nobility of_-our. soul, and I will love you to the end. Oppo- siton will only strengthen my resolve to be yours through all." " You hear, sir," said Philip. But Fon taine drew Savelia away from him, and held her at his side by throwing his arm around her. "Philip Vane," he said," I am respon sible for the welfare of my brother's child till she has attained years of discretion. To you I will never surrender a cent till that time expires; and I forbid you to approach her as a suitor. If she does not discover how false are your professions of love, she will possess little of the foresight of the race from which she sprung. Good evening. Come. Savelia, we are far from home." He would have drawn her away, but she sprang toward Philip, and exclaimed with passionate fervour : "Oh !my Philip-my adored-belierehim not. My hoart will never separate from you. We shall find means to meet, we shall be happy yet." "1 believe so, Savella, my future wife, he responded; and when Fontaine drew Sa vel!a from his embrace, he said: " You see, sir, how useless opposition will prove. She loves me wi:h all the ardour of her southern blood, and I promise you to be a good husband to her." He encircled Saiella with his strong arm, and supported her faltering steps as he moved away wsith her. She looked at Philip as long as it was possible to do so, and the expression of her eyes contirued what her lips uttered. Philip -atched them a fewr moments, and then a smile broke over his lips. He muttered: " I have paid you back for your insulting dismissal of my pretensions to Isola That girl will do what I bid he1r; I hold her fate in my hand, and be it happy or miserable, she shall yet become my wife." He strode to the tree to ishich his horse was fastened, and dashed off in the direc Stion of Dunlora to tell his mother how he had sped in his wooing. CHAPTER XXIII. Fontaine moved in the direction of the house, sustaining Savella; but afterproceed ing a li-tanlice .vhe extriretsd herself from his arii. and said : " I am able to walk alone. I do not wish to be too burdensome to you. He regarded her in sorrowas he said: "I have never felt that you are a burden to me. I have indulged the hope that you would prove a blessing to me; but what I havre witness.ed has so shaken my faith in yon, that I hare misgivings for the future." f To be continued.l 