THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, AUTHOR OP "THI3 MANXMAN." ' CHAPTER XVIII.— (Continued.) Drake looked at Glory, who shook her neaa, and then Koenig made an effort at explanation. It was ah understood thing. He had taught her, taken her into his house, .found her in a Sunday ... ,, But Drake Interrupted him. It they could help Jliss Uuayle to a Deuer: iiuu'kvl iui m.-. genius, Mr. Koenig need be no loser by the change. Then Koenig was pacified, and Drake handed Glory down to a cab. "We're good friends again, aren't we?" he said, touching her' hand lightly. "Yes," she answered. There was a letter from Auiit Rachel waiting for her at the Priory. Anna didn't like these frequent changes, and she had no faith in mu sic or musicians either, but the: Parson thought Anna too censorious, and as for Mr. Koenig's Sunday evening companies, be had no doubt they were of Germans chleQy, and that they came, to talk ot Martin Luther and to sing his hymn. Sorry to say his infirmities were increa sing; the burden of his years was upon him, and ho was looking feoble and old. Glory slept little that night. On going to her room she threw up the window and sat in front of it. that the soft/night breeze might blow on her hot lips and cheeks. The moon was high, and the garden was slumbering under its gentle light. Everything around was hushed, and (here was no sound anywhere except the far-off rumble of the great city, as of the wind In distant trees. She was thinking of a ques tion which Drake had put to her. "1 wonder if I should?" she murmured. And through the silence there was the un heard melody of the German song — Oh, come end go with me, thou loveliest child; lly many a gay sport, sliall ihy time l>c beguiled! ' . XIX. "The Priory — May Day. "Dear Aunt Rachel — Tho great evening Is over! Such dresses, such diamonds — you never saw the like! The smart folks are just like other human beings, and I was not the tiniest bit afraid of them. My own part of the programme went oft pretty well, I think. Mr. Koenig had arranged the harmonies, accompaniments and symphonies of some of our Manx songs, so I sang 'Myle- charalne,' and they listened nnd clapped, and then 'Ny IClrree fo NIaghtey,' and they cried (nnd so did I), and then I imitated some work girls sing ing In the streets, and they laughed and laughed .until I laughed too, and then they laughed be cause I was laughing, and we all laughed toge ther It was over and done before I knew where I was, and everybody was covering me with — well, no, not kisses, as grandfather used to do, but the society equivalent — lees and jellies, which the gen tlemen were rushing about wildly to get for me. "But nil this is as nothing compared to what Is to. happen next. I mustn't whisper a word about It yet, so false face must hide what the false heart doth know. You'll have to forgive me if I succeed, for nothing is wicked in this world ex cept failure, you know, And a little sin must be a great virtue if it has grown to he big enough, you see. There! How sagacious of me! You didn't know what a philosopher you had in the family, did you, my dears? "It is to be on the 24tli May. That will bo the Queen's birthday over again; and when I think of all that has happened since tho last one, I feel as 'romantic as a school girl, and as sentimental as a nursery maid. Naturally I am in a fearful flurry over the whole affair, and, to tell the truth, . I have hied me to. the weird sisters on the sub ject; that is to say, I have been to a fortune teller and spent a 'goolden' half- sovereign on the : creature at one fell swoop. But she predicts wonderful things for me, so I am satisfied. The newspapers are to blaze with my 'name, I am to : have a dazzling success ahd become.tho idol of the jmuT, all ot which is delightful and entranc- 1 lng, and quite reasonable at the money. Grand- 1 father will reprove me for tempting Providence, i and of course' John Storm, If he knew it, would : say that. I shouldn't do such things under any 1 circumstances; yet to tell mo I oughtn't to do ' this ahd I oughtn't to do that ts like saying I 1 oughtn't to have red hair and 1 oughtn't to catch i the measles. I can't help it! I can't help It! so what's the good of breaking one's, heart about it? . "But I had not got to wait for what related to the newspapers. You must know, dear Aunt Ra chel, that I did meet Mr. Drake at the house of the Home Secretary, and he introduced me to a Miss Rosa Macquarle, who Is no longer very young or beautiful, but a dear for all that! and she, being a journalist, has bruited my praises abroad, with the result that all the world Is ring ing with my virtues. Listen, all men and women, while 1 sound mine own glory out of a column as long as the Dulte of York's:; — " 'She is young and tall, and has auburn hair' (always thought it was red myself) 'and large grey, eyes, one of which seems at a distance to be brown' (it squints), 'giving an effect of humor and coquetry and power rarely, It ever, seen in any other face. . . Her voice has startling va rieties of tone, being at one moment soft, cooing and liquid, and at another wild, weird, and plain tive, and her face, which Js not strictly beautiful' (Oh!) but striking and unforgettable, has an ex traordinary range of expression. . . She sings, recites, speaks, laughs, and cries (literally), and some of her selections are given in a sort of Irish patois' (Oh, my beloved Manx!) 'thnt comes from her girlish lips with charming vivacity and droll- ness.' All of which, though it is quite right, and no more than my due, of course, made me sob so long and loud that my good little hippopotamus came upstairs to comfort me, but finding me ly ing on the floor, he threw up Ills hands and cried, 'Ach Gott! I taught it vas a young lady, but vbat- ever is it?" "There! I have blown off my steam, and now to business. Mr. Drake is to give a luncheon party In his rooms on the 24th, in honor of my experi ment,' but the great ovout Itself will not come off until nearly half-past 9 that night. By that time the sun will have set over the back of the sea at Peel, the blackbird will have given you his last 'guy-smook,' and all the world will be dropping asleep. Now, if you'll only remember to say Just, then, 'God bless Glory!' I'll feel strong and big and brave. "Your poor, silly, sentimental girlie, "GLORY," CHAPTER XX. Some weeks had passed, and It was the morning of the last day of John Storm's residence at Blsh- opsgate-street. After calling the brotherhood, the father had entered John's room and was resting on the end of the bed. ' "You are quito determined to leave us?" he said. John answered firmly, but respectfully, "Quite determined, Father." , "You are of the same mind as at Easter?" "Precisely the same." "Then this is the last time I am to call you?" "Yes." The Father sighed deeply and said in broken sentences, "Our house is passing through terrible trials, my son. Perhaps we did wrong, to come here. -There- is no cross in our founda tions, and we have built on a worldly footing. 'Unless the Lord build the house.' ... It was good of you to delay at my request tho execution of your purpose, but now that the time has come. ... I had set my heart on you, my son. I am an old man now, and something of the affec tion of the natural father " John Storm reached for the old man's hand. "Father, if you only knew " "Yes, yes; I know, I know. You have suffered, and it is not for me to reproach you. Tho novi tiate has its great joys, but It has its great trials also. Self has to be got rid of, faith has to be exerted, obedience has to be learned, and, above all, the heart has to be detached from its idols iu the world — a devoted mother, it may he; a dear sister; perhaps a dearer one still." There was silence for a moment. John's head was down; he could not speak. "It Is not for me to probe the heart that does not reveal itself to Its spiritual father. That you wish to return to the world only shows that you came before you heard the call of God. Some other voice seemed to speak to you, and you lis tened and thought it was God's voice. But God's voice will come to you yet, and you will hear ' It and answer It, and not another. . . . Have you anywhere to go when you leave'this house?'" "Yes, the home of a good woman. I have writ ten to her — I think she will receive me." "All that you brought with you will he re turned, and If you want money " "No, I came to you as a beggar— let me leave you as a beggar too." "There Is one thing more, my son." "What Is It, Father.?" Tho old man's voice was scarcely audible. "You aro breaking obedlenqo hy leaving ns be fore the end ot your novitiate, and the commu nity must separate Itself from you as from one who has violated his vow and cost himself, off from grace. ThlB will have to be done before you cross our threshold. It is our duty to the bro therhood; It Is also our duty to God. You under stand that?" "Yes." "And will bo prepared for it?" "Yes." "It wil) he In the church a few minutes before midday service." "Yes." The Father rose to go. "Then that Is all?" "Yes; that Is all." The Father's voice was breaking, "Good-bye, my son." 'Good-bye, Father, and God bless you!" A leather trunk which he had brought with him on the day he came to the brotherhood was returned to his room, containing tho clothes he had worn In the outer world, as well as his purse and watch and other belongings. He dress ed himself In his habit as a secular priest, and put the cassock of the society oyer it, for he knew that to remove that must be part of the ordeal of his expulsion; Then the bell rang for breakfast, and he went down to the refectory. The brothers received htm In silence,' hardly looking up as he entered. Nevertheless, by their furtive glances he could plainly see that he was the only subject that occupied their thoughts. When the meal was over he tried to mingle among them, that he might sey farewell to as many as were willing that he should do so. Some gave him their hands with prompt good will, some avoided him, and some turned their backs on him altogether. But If his reception In the refectory was chill ing, his welcome to the courtyard was warm enough. At the first sound of his footstep on the paved way the dog came from his quarters under the sycamore. One moment the creature stood and looked' at him with Its sad and blood-shot eyes, then with a hound It threw its fore paws on his breast, and then plunged and pitched around him and uttered deep hays that were llko the roar of thunder. He sat on the seat and caressed tho dog, and bis heart grow full and happy. The morning was bright with sunkhine, tho air was fragrant with tho flowers of spring, and birds wore singing und rejoicing in the tree. Presently Brother Andrew came and sat beside him. The lay brother, like d human dog, had' been following him about qll the morning, and now In his feeble way he began to talk of his mother, and to wonder If John would ever see her. Her name was Plncher, and she was a good woman. She lived In Cook-lane, Crown-street, 3oho, and kept house (or his brother, fvho was a pawnbroker. But his brother, poor fellow, was much given to drinking, and perhaps that had been a reason why lie himself had left home. John promised to call on her, ahd then Brother Andrew began to cry- The sprawling features of the great fellow were almost laughable to look upon. The bell rang for terce. Whilst the brothers were at prayers, John took his last look over tho house. With the dog at Ills heels — the old thing seemed resolved to lose sight of him no more — he passed slowly through the, hall and Into the c'omTriuhlty room and lip the stairs and down "the top corridor. He looked again at every inscrip tion on the walls, though he knew them all by heart and had read them a hundred times. When he came to his own cell he was touched by a strange tenderness. Tho place where he had thought so much, prayed so much, suffered so much — It was dear to him after all! He went up on to the roof. How often he had been drawn there as by a devilish fascination! The great city looked Innocent enough now under Its mantle of sunlight, dotted over with green; but how dense, how. difficult! Then the bell rang for midday service, though It was not yet noon, and he went down to the hall. Tbo brothers were there al ready, making ready to go Into the church. The order of the procession was the same as on the day of his dedication, except that Father Paul was no longer with them — Brother Andrew going first with the cross, then the lay brothers, thea the religious, then the Father, and John Storm last of all. Though the courtyard was full of sunshine, the church looked dark and gloomy. Curtains were drawn across the windows, and tho altar was draped as for a death. As soon as the brothers had taken their places In Iho choir the Father stood on the altar steps and said— "If any member ot this community has one un faithful thought of going back to the outer world, I charge him to come to this altar now. But ' woo to him through whom the offence coraeth! AVoo to him who turns back after taking up the golden plough!" John was kneeling In his place Iu the second row of tho choir. The eyes of the community were upon him. He hesitated a moment; then rose and stepped up to the altar. "My son," said the Fathey, "It Is not yet too late. I see your fate as plainly as I see you now. Shall I tell you what It Is? Can you bear to hear If? I seo you going out Into a world which has nothing to satisfy the cravings of your soul. X see you foredoomed to failure and suffering and despair. I see you coming back to us within a year with a broken and bleeding heart. I see yon taking the vows of life-long consecration. Can yo.i face that future?" "I must." "There is no help few It," said the Father, and taking n book from the altar he read the awful service ot the degradation;— "By the authority of God Almighty, Father (X), Son nnd Holy Ghost, and hy our own authority, we the members of the Society of the Holy Getb- semane do take away from thee the habit of our Order and depose and degrade and deprive then of all rights and privileges iu the spiritual goods and prayers which, by the Grace of God; are dona among us." "Amen! Amen!" said the brothers. During the reading of the service John had been kneeling. The Father motioned to him to rise and proceeded to remove the cord" with which he had bound him. at his consecration. "When this was done he signalled to Brother Andrew to take off the cassock. The bell was tolled. The Father dropped to his knees. The brothers, hoarse and husky, began to sing In Exitu Israel de Aegypto. Their heads were down, their voices seemed to come up out of the earth. It was all over now. Johu Storm turned about, hardly able to she his way. Brother Andrew went before him to open the door of tb# sacristy. Tha Jay brother was crying audibly. The sun was still shiniug in the courtyard, and the birds were still singing and rejoicing. The first, thing of which Johu was conscious was that the dog was licking his rigid lingers. A moment later he was In the little covered passage to the street, and Brother Andrew was opening the iron gate. "Good-bye. my lad." He stretched out his hand, then remembered that he was an excommunicated man, and tried to draw it back, hut the lay brother had snatched at it and lifted it to his lips. The dog was following him Into the street. "Go back, old friend." He patted the old creature on the head, and Brother Andrew laid hold of it by the neck. A hansom was waiting for him with his trunk on the top. "Victoria Square, Westminster." he called. The cab was moving off when there was a growl and a lurch — the dog had broken away and was run ning after It. How crowded the streets were! How deafening was the trafllc! The church bell was ringing lor midday service. What a thin tinkle it made out there, yet how deep was its boom within! Stock Exchange men with their leisurely activity were going In by' their seven -doorways lo their great counting house In C.apel Court. He began to feel a boundless relief. How his heart was heating! With what a strauge ami deep emotion he found himself once more in the wffrld! Driving in the dense and devious tho roughfares was like sailing on a cross sea outside a difficult headland. He could smell the briuo and feel tho flick of the foam on liis lips and cheeks. It was liberty, it was life. Feeling anxious about the dog, lie drew up the cab for a moment. The faithful creature was Tunning under the driver's seat. Before the cab could start again a line of sandwich men had passed in front of It. Their hoards contained ouo word only. The word was "Gloria." He saw It, yet it barely arrested Ills conscious ness. Somehow it seemed like au echo from the existence he had left behind. The noises of life were as wine in his veins now. He was burning with Impatience to overtake his arrears! o£ knowledge, to see what the world had gone through In his absence. Leaning over the door ot the hansom, he read tho names of the streets and the signs over the shops, and tried lo identify the bouses which had been rebuilt and tho thoroughfares which had been altered. But the past was the past, and the clock would turn hack for no man. These men and women in tho streets knew all that had happened. The poorest beggar on the pavement knew more than he did. Nearly a year of his life was gone — in prayer, In penance, In fasting, in visions, in dreams — dropped out, left behind, and lost for ever. Going by tho bank, the cab drew up again to allow a lino of omnibuses lo pass into Cheapside. Every omnibus had Its board for advertisements, and nearly every board contuined the word he had seen before— "Gloria." "Only the name of some music-hall singer." lie told- himself. But the name had begun to trouble him. It had stirred the fibres or memory, aud madff him think of the past — of his yacht, of Peel, of his father, and finuliy of Glory — and agaiu ot Glory — and yet again or Glory. He saw that flags were flying on the Mansion Houso and on the bank, and pushing up the trap of the bansom, he asked if anything unusual was going on. "Lawd; down't ye know what day it is tcrday, s(r? It's the ole lyedy's birthday. That's why all the wimnilng's going abart in their penny car- ridges. Been through a illness, sir?" "Yes, something of that sort." "Thort so, sir." AVhen the cab, started afrnsh he began to tell himself what he was going to do In the future. He was going to work among the poor and the outcast, the oppressed and the fallen. He was goiug to search for them and find them iu their haunts of sin and misery. Nothing was to be too mean for him. Nothing was to be common or un clean. No matter atSout bis own honor! No mat ter if he was only one man in a million! The kingdom pf heaven was like a grain of mustard seed. When he came within sight of St. Paul's tbo golden cross on the. dome was flashing like a fiery fiflger in the blaze of tho midday sun. That was the true ensign! That was the great ex ample! It was a monstrous and wicked fallacy, a gloomy and narrow formula, that religion had to do with the affairs of the eternal world only. Work was religion! Work was prayer! Work was praise! Work was the lave of man and the glory, of God! Glorious gospel! Great and deathless symbol. (End of Second Book.) 