A LATTER-DAY PIRATE, COUPLETS IN TWO INSTALMENTS." by Charles V., Hfckle, . Author of "A Soa Tragedy," &o.J; Ac. LOOPYIUaHT.J (Continued,) Had Sylvia ktioWii that it whs Somo 120 miles ina bee-iino from tho yauht's position to Budo House,, she would certainly havo despaired altogether of tho bird's reaching its homo. But Arioi, by tbo happiest eliimoo, had had a short training in company witli other birds before it hud been givou to hor 011 account of its beauty. . Accordingly, somo fivo hours from the moment it hud fluttered through tbo yuclit'a port, tlio (au'rioi'a strong pennons wove drooping towards its old home. Unperceived, it flow in through tlio open window of the aviary, where it hopped about among tho other birds as unconcernedly aaif the trip had been iu u eirelo round tho ohimnoy tops, By-und-by Maxwell, strolling up, pipe in mouth, to food ilia pets, observed with surpriso the now arrival witli tho wrap' of pupor on its leg. With an exclamation of surprise ho unfolded the. . paper eurefully, read it, and stared ughasl ! Within twenty minutos the powerful cutter Miranda wus crossing the Bude Inlet bar. Thoro had not been time for reflection — ovon at the moment lie read tho pitiful or y for help, thrco-parts of the bur was a muss : of broken water with a falling ebb. "Touched, sir, by heuvou ! " cried tlio skipper, a a dull shock wont through tho yauht's frame, aud a whooping mass of foam und looao stuff " rose ghost- liko on eithor aido of her. Onco more aho touched t.lio sand, flooding her decks with the overfall, and making hor destruction seeui imminent. Tt was a uloso shave, but she won through tho skin of her teeth, and a minute later was cleaving her. way soaward undor tho urging of tho strong night wind. Now tliut lie laid breathing space, Maxwell took counsol with liis skipper. Tlio luttor had been for procuring steam at any suorifieo of timo. But there was no steam craft nciiter than Falmouth, and, besides, nil telegraph (iflicoa were closed. This and his fierce yearning for notion had decided tlio matter, Maxwell being actually beside himself at the thought of Genesta speeding tho Atlantic witli tho girl helpless in tlio bunds of this fiend. Old Gordon, n phlegmatic Scotchman, and an experienced sailor, soon "g it tho hang of tho thing," as ho expressed it. " Wind southerly, veering west, sir," ho said, as lie watched tho wild awing of Orion over tho crosatrooa " their gnino will bo to give tbo French and Spanish coasts a berth, I reckon, and look for bluo water." "Yes, yes/'oriedSfrxwoll, feverishly, "we must sight him off Land's End before ho clears tlio channel, or all isdost !" "Well, sir, we're heading just nor'nrd of tlio Soillics : lio'll bo for picking up the Soven Stones Light, sure us guns, und there's wliero wo'lf bo liko to fetch him." Miranda was now making heavy sailing of it, as the wind hud freshened considerably; with a falling glass. Old Gordon shook his head as ho glanced up ut tho great spread of canvas. . "Second jib and working topsail's cloth enough and to spare," ho muttered ; "but, by the Lord, if tlio guv'nor said racing (ianvu's to-night, who'd blame him 'i So wlmt sho can't carry, she's got to drag — that's all !" Accordingly, groaning in evei'y timber, und burying hor loo bulwurks from timo to timo with the excess of canvas, the. yacht tore onward, amid u hurricane of foum and spray, under tho starless sky. Full of resources, Gordon, knowing too well that Gcnestu could beat Miranda ina fuir race, borrowed ' a loaf from tbe book of our iiurul maiieeuvrers. He hud a narrow strip -of canvHS taoked round tlio. bulwarks, .to counterfeit white paint in the distance, prepared a false club flag, and 'adopted such other disguising details 11s suggested thomselvrs. "Take us every trick in our bag, sir, to get alongside of Genesta, even if we do sight her," hiTObsorved. . zr /. . ' . Meantime since wo left Iior, Genesta has been tucking down that great sea highway Whoso, oiitrauco she now rapidly approaches. TL'iib ' iM'or girl has hud another interview, with'Mokalo. He lias' forced her to puce" tlio deck in the dusk with him, to submit to his hated familiarities, to listen to liis passionate woids. AH night long sho tossed wearily in her berth, whose pretty lace hungings, uiul ceiling painted with clusters of bluu-oyod: myosotis, emblem of loyal lovo, seomed a mockery of lier wreteliednoss. YVitli the curliest light sho had openod the port and sounnod tho horizon witli . aching oyes. Rescue must come now or never ! ' The course of the yacht at the inomout limited lier viow, to tho west und north, a sullen tract of tailless water whoso nspcot chilled her to tlio soul. "Presently theory of " Reudy about — lielm's 11 lee!" followed' by u ruttlo of ropes and a slatting of canvas, told they were going about on tho other tuok. As tbo yaulit spun round, now fields of viow swept liuder.tho girl's straining eyes, Suddenly, us sho gazed, hor heart gave a great lcqp, and then seemed to stand still. 'l'hero before hor to the eastward, wliero tho sua wus rising in a rosy splendour that merged to southward in a band of blue, stood forth tlio white outlino of a sail. Tho dolicato pencilling of the spars and the graooful Bymmotry of the hull told, even at that distance, that tho vessel wus a yiiuht. Even us Sylvia guznd, tho white fringe of foum fodod from tuo vessol's bows, itnu tlio vivid burning of her copper flushed out luridly us sho liovo up to windward— slio was evidently going about. A minuto more, und she . wits standing directly across Gencstu's liawso. Othor oyes were qiiiok to noto the fact, and presently one of the fellows put his houd to tho skylight of Meltalo's cabin. A moment later Mekalo und tho captain were scanning the stranger through their glasses. " That thore yacht's headin' up for us all she's worth, sir, hp suid. ' " I guv a couple o' piuts off to try lio'r, liko, and blowcd if she uin't tailored suit I" Red, whito, aud blue olub flag, eh f— why, that's tho Royul Cork, uiu't itP" said the latter. Mokulo nervously turnod ovor tho pugos of tho list in hie hand. "Yes, quite right," ho suid dirootly, "that's tho Cork flng, sure, ouougli, Gad, I got uu ugly start at first, sho looked so devilish liko Muxwcll's boat." " YViali to goodness sho were," grinned the Bklppor, plugging liis briar with a leathery forefinger, "Gonosta oanliok Miranda uny wind or weather, uud a bit of a raeo would hoarton us. Not. that we'd lot them twig anything, of course — not so soft us that, brotiior." "Wouldn't it bo as well to go about, though ; we're running togothor ueuocd fast an this took?" suggested Mukulo, dubiously. "No' need, sir — therefore bud politics! Timo onough to play pirate whon thorn's need. Run on till you could throw a biscuit aboard wbon passing her, I'd say. Wo ean leave her any moment wo liko, anyway; nothin' flying (that flag can look at Ge nesta !" Mokulo, thoroughly understanding his skipper's wish to avoid nnythlng in tho loast dogreo suspicious, acquiesced, und, slipping down for his covert coat, turnod thokoy 111 Sylvia's door us lie passod, hissing an injunc tion through tho koyholo. Tho two yaohts upprenohed ouoh othor swiftly, und from their coursos it huuumo evi dent thoy would puss within about 199 yards of each othor. Tho wind, wbioh had been freshening sincq dawn,' was now blowing quito half a galo, and cascades of emerald' crystals burst from under tho vessels bows as they weut roaring on aver the luiupy sou. Undor such condi tions the recontre would be merely for a few seconds as thejr'fled by each other. Mekalo stood by tho biimaelo \$th Ids skipper, conning tho stranger with bent brows. The diatanco was still too great for him to have uotieed tho atculiug forward uf the lithe figure whioh now'lay crouched by the heel of tno bowsprit, rifle in hand, and with eyes that glared like a tiger's when bo sights his prev. Nor was he aware, as tho yachts closed in, thut the waving of whito hands from the port below him wore driving to frenzy the heart of tho ambushed watcher. " By thunder, a trap!" suddenly roared Thorson, bunging. to his telescope. "Hint's Miranda, sir, sure as guns! Now .boys,. Iielin's u-lee ! Round witli her. Lively, bullies, lively !" Round swung tlio yacht, whilo still a guod cubio off, und filled uwuv uu the new tuck. " How 111 the devil's liumc have thoy guessed " "Nay. never, bother about the 'how' now sir," Iuuglied Thorseu : "thoy'vo shot their bolt anyhow— it's eomln'— a Wholo galo from tho eouth'ard and eust'urd, and we'll soon see tho lust of thorn." Heading dead for the open Atlantic now, Genesta Hcd on "wing-und-wing" before it, tbe cutter following full in her wake. It blew burdor und harder, until within an hour or so it hud como a sharp gale, before whioh the yuchts thundered.' on, tearing out .wholo highway of soothing foam, und labour ing heavily undor ibeir spread of canvas. "A storm— a wholo , blamed atorm!" growled Thorson. "Curso , tho idiots that forco us to show loose canvas to weather like this!" : . ' ' Aud .so tho wild ohaso went" on, till dust came to add its terrors to tho yelling.galc. "Toll you what, gov'nor1," Thorsoii shouted, as Gonosta crashed into . a - white- : topped mountain, " wo'll liuvo to lieuvo to, or we'll swiunp. It's a ohoico botwoon Iho dovil uud the deep sea; uful- givo ino tho dovil, say I." . '" ,1 But Mokulo, on whom tho picture of tho whito faco iu the hours whon tlio' yuchts parted had made a drop impression, shouted frantically, '(No, hold on, mun; hold on. awhile!'' . And so tho gnmo wont on, neither yacht gaining porceptibly 111 that mud storm raeo. Well Maxwoll know the risk, but ho know also that if Genesta got away from him thon, it, would, bo the lust lio would . seo of hor. Only while tha storm hold could lie even hold his position. At nuy, risk, ho doteimincd.to show more canvas. ' Accordingly, tying up the head of the spinnaker in an extemporary root' thoy sot it, and thou ut lust, tlio . (sloths almost bursting from tho bolt-ropes, the cutter, burying her self at every surgo, bogiiiH to 'steal up. On and on uho comes, rising upon tho pursued like a sheeted ghost out of tuo dui'k- noss. Mekalo, a oravon heart, feols nn icy' per spiration break out oii him. Ho curses furiously, stamping tho dook in rage and fear when liis skipper stolidly tells liiin nothing more can he done. Fivo hundred yards — -il)0 — now she is within n cable's le'ngtli of them, crashing on in a hurrieunu of drift and spumo, straight 011 with her boom on thoir tulfrail. Fascinated by tlio sight, Mekalo ; stands guziug, silont, with un ushou face. Ha! what's thut! A oraah — a fearful lurch over— tho upheaval of raving snow ,011 bcr port aide, aud the cutter's bowa fling round, und aho stops deud ! "Hurrah!" shouts Tiiorsop, " she's carried uwuy Iicr inast. clean' as u whistle, Thut cooks hor gooso, any wuy." . Meltalo's dark - fuue- is radiant in tho biuiutcln light us lie shakes liunds with tlio skipper effusively, Miranda recedes so quickly that she is already almost out uf sight. Needless to say slio is helpless us a winged bird now, uud .the damage is irreparable. -Z " YYTe'd best hoave to . now for. half-a- minuto, and reef down," Thorson says, 'tis the aisublod vessel disappears in the darkness. "No more troublo with that lady, at any rata.". . " . .. It is rather a troublesome .job snugging cuuvub in that sea, the swelling folds being torn from thoir bauds again and again by tho reloiitlosa wind. They find, too, that tho fid qf tlio jibhoom ia bent in tho bitta; and requires a littlo bit of carpentry . before thoy oun reef-in tho boom. YVhile theso jobs go forward on deck, Mekulo betakes himself to his cabin, opens a bottio of brandy, and dashes off glass after gluss oon brio. Thon, with his pulses stirred by the gonerous liquor, lie locks tlio salouu door, and uxiprouohns the cabin wlioro Sylviu, ou hear ing his stop, bus Bunk 011 her knees half- uruzod with terror. Ho pauses a momont instinctively to wonder ut a low crunching noise which seoms to vibrate softly through tha yacht. What tho douco— hio— f'lio jerks. Tho mon 011 drok uro also startled by tbe souud, and look forward, just in time- to- seo tho frugmonts of a smull Unit through which tho yacht's sharp bows have crashed iu thoir downwurd pitch. Just in timo to sco two dark figures, si reaming with wator, ohmh aboard liko some strungo sou beasts out of tho roving wash, und steal swift and shadow-like— aft ! As tho leading figure passes tliom, the men shrink buck aghast ut tho fioreenoss of tlio ushen whito faco, and tho eyes thut bluzo out undor tlio drouohed black buir. At tlio momont a woman's ory, full of horror und despair, thrills up tlio companion, uud echoes fur uwuy to leeward. Noxt moment Mokslu oun only utter 0110 yell of terror, us Harold Maxwell's steel- strong grip is on his throat, starting his oyes i'rom thoir vory sookots, and hurling him with eostasy of ficroo strength to tho floor. Ho novor moves again. Tho blood-smonrod iron projection his lioail haa strnok ugainat lius saved judgo and jailor their task. Swooning with terror, Sylvia is ohispcd in the strong urms of hor lover, who kisses away tho tears, und leuds hor gently from the cabin. Thore is no difllonlty witli tho orow — now that Mokulo is dead thoy aro only too anxious to disoluini uny knowlcdgo of his designs— that, howavor, is a matter a jury Bhull havo to droido on in due courso. Falmouth, wliero thoy arrive two days later, wliou t.lio weather has oloarod — Miranda, in tow of a tug which fortunately picks hor up — Falmouth and tho coast ring with tho heroism of Maxwoll and tho young sailor who Iind accompanied him. It was simply an inorediblo pieoo of daring to havo trusted themselves to tho frail dingey in that storm-torn night sou, und to havo fought thoir way, with ours almost swept from their hands by ouoh billow us it broko by thom, through tlio smothering blonds of spray uud flying foam. Thorson, needloss to say, had taken euro to licuvo-to out of tlio dead lco lino along which the disabled Miranda would bo blown liolplossly, . und tlio possibility of ours in that mud raoket bad novel- crossed liis mind. "Yos, darling," Sylvia murmurs, with a dowy glistening in her oyes — for wo may pass ovor a fow iluys und look in on the lovors whore thoy sit in tho "snnggoiy" ut EIlos- mere, from tho windows of whioh, by tho way, Sir Oopyors may be soon, pruning-knifo in bund, busy amoug his roses — " yos, Hurold, dearest, wo shall forgot the wholo horrlblo story, as you say, und it's kind and good of you to wish it; but" — putting hor arms round his neok, nnd looking up at him with a world of pride and love in her oyes— "but if wo forgot my part in tho story, darling, I shall never, novor forgot yours !" the end. Paradoxical as it may sound, there are sovoral varieties of fish that cannot swim. In every instance they ure decp-sca dwellers, and orawl about jho rocks, using their tails . and fins as legs. ' 