ME RICHARDS, M.P. . TO THE EDITOR OF THE KALGOORLIE MINER Sir,— What a blessed thing I am on after noon shift — I am not working in pitiful ignorance of 'Audi, etc.' Hear the other side, Mr 'Audi, etc' —certainly — not only do I hear you, but, methinks (good word, that), I also .see the long ears waving above the braying head of the otherside champion. What are you writing about, ' Audi ?' As a — haw — British subject (subject is another suitable word for such as ' Audi ''). who has — haw — twavelled, do you think it fair to floor poor ignorant miners with common Latin phrases 1 This particular individual only knows two. Latin words — hoc (k) and its natural se- , quence. hie. If school books reverse the order, then they are not logical.' Poor Aus tralia 1 vile politicians 1 ' Audi, etc,' has marked you. r- Three million people sayr 'We shall pay our lawmakers ;' and a few oE , the 'Audi' and Richards type, with idiotic assurance, shriek : 'The ship 'of State is going' to pieces on the payment -.of members rock.' Howl away, '^Audi 1' Listening to you a; man is' overcome by .' that tired feeling ;' .but the pill trade benefits. Who is Mr Richards, M.P. ? Not the leader of the House of Commons surely ? When I wrote my former note, - Mr Editor, I. did . not know there was such a person in existence. I have since become cognisant of. ?his being'; :b'ut I do not , find the even tenor of my way disturbed; my pulse is normal ; my appetite good ; I canstill hear the Boulder and 'the Lake View stamps crushing — nothing is changed. Before con cluding, Mr Editor, I would like to ask bow your printer came to set the latter part of ' Audi's ?' remarks in such a peculiaii fashion. The tired feeling seems to have especially over come me when trying to understand it. I could only find from^it that miners work in or wear khakee. You^.tfave struck the ghost of the deceased expert^*' Audi ;.'' and while his spiritual frame^'.disintegrated your material beer, he gave 'you a romantic ac ? count of life in W.A. If you in future leaven your romance with faefs you might not ap pear so ridiculous in print. With congratu lations to .' White Ant' for his able letter. — I am, etc, ' ' A MINER. Boulder, September 22. 1897. 