THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, Author of 'The Manxman,' 'The Deemster, '' 'The Scapegoat,' 'The Last Confession,' ' The Bondsman,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] . To thh Reader of 'The Christiah.'— In miking » picture of what I take to be the great intellectual movement of our time in England and in America— the movement towards Chriiuau Socialism— I h«r« been irresistibly drawn from the general study ol types to Uie particular study of individual personi, living and dead; and following good precedent, I have freely uted the sayings and doings and in aomt instances lbs letters of recognisable people. It is inevitable, and perhaps desirable, that tt-U should b6 observed ; but lest there should be any tendency to draw the natural inference that individual portraits are intended, I take the opportunity of saying that I dare not claim anr authority, except that of Uie irre sponsible story-teller, and the scenes described in this etory are not always to be identified with the localities wherein I have placed them.— UaUi Oaiks. SECOND BOOK The Religious Life. Chapter XII. Always at half -past 5 o'clock in the morning the Father Superior began to awaken the Brotherhood. It took him a quarter of an hour to pass through the house on that errand, for the infirmities of his years were upon him and he paused to pray at nearly every door. During this interval John Storm had intended to open the gate to Paul and then return the key to its place in the father's room. The time was short and to lose no part of it he had resolved to remain awake the whole night through. There was no necessity to make a call on that resolution. With fear and remorse he could not close bis eyes, and from hour to bour he beard every sound in the streets. At 1 o'clock the voices singing outside were strained and cracked and out of tune ; at 2 they were brutish and drunken and mingled with shrieks and quarrelling ; at 3 there was silence; at 4 the butchers waggons were rattling on the stones from the shambles down the river to the meat markets of London with the carcases of thousands of beasts that were slaughtered overnight to feed the body of the mammoth on the morrow ; and at 5 the postal vans were galloping from the railway-stations to the post-office with the millions of letters that were to feed its mind. At half-past 5 the father had come out of his room and passed slowly upstairs and John Storm was in the courtyard opening the lock of the outer gate. Although there was a feel ing of morning in the freezing air it was still quite dark. 'Paul,' he whispered— but there was no answer. ' Brother Paul,' he whispered again ; and then he waited, bnt there was no reply. It was not at first that he realised tfaa tremendous gravity of what bad occurred-' that Brother Paul had not returned and that he must go back to the house without him. He kept calling into the darkness until he remembered that the father would be down in his room again soon and looking for the key where he had left it. Back in the hall he reproached himself with his haste and concluded to return to the gate. There would be time to do it : the father was still far overhead ; his 'Benedicatnus Domino' was passing from corridor to corridor and Paul might be coming down the Btreet at that momeut. 'Paul ! Paul 1' he cried again and opening the gate he looked out. But there was no one on the pavement except a drunken man and a girl, singing themBel veB home in the dead waste of the New Year's morning. Then the truth fell on him like a thunder cloud and he hurried back to the house for pood. By this time tho father was coming down the stairs and had reached the landing of the first story. Snatching up from the bed in the alcove the book which had been lying there all night unregarded ho crept into the father's room. He was coming out of it when ho came face to face with the father himself, who was on the point of going in. 'I have been returning the book you lent me,' be said and then he tried to steal away in his shame. But the father held him awhile with playful remonstrance. Tho hours were sot all saved that were stolen from the night, and his swelled eyes this morning were a testi mony to the musty old maxim. Still, with a book like that, his diligence was not to be wondered at, and it would be interesting to hear what he thought of it. He couldn't say as yet ? That wasn't to be wondered at either. Somebody had said that a great book was like a great mountain— not to be seen to the top while you wore still too near to it. John's duplicity was choking him. His eyes were averted from the father's face, for he had lost the power of looking straight at anyone, and he could see the key of the gate still shaking from the hook on which hiB nervous fingers had placed it. When he escaped at length the father asked him to ring the bell for lauds, as Brother Andrew, whoso duty it was, had evidently overslept himself. John then rang the bell and then took bio lamp and some tapers from a shelf in the hall and went out to the church to light the candles, for that also waB Brother Andrew's duty. As he was crossing the courtyard on his way back to the house ho passed the father going to open the Rate. ' But what has become of your hat ?'' said the father, and then for the first time John re membered what lie had done with it. 'I've lent— that is to say I've lost it,' lie an swered and then stood with his eyes on t!ie ground while the father reproved him for heed lessness of health and so forth. It is part of the perversity of circumstance that while an incident of the greatest gravity is occurring its ridiculous counterpart is usually taking place by the side of it. When the religious. hud gathered iu the church it was seeu that three of the stalls were vacant — Brother Paul's, Brother Andrew's, and the lather-minister's. Tlie service had hardly begun when the bell was beard to ring airain and with a louder cian^uor thau before, where upon the religious concluded tiiat Brother Andrew had awakened from his fileep and was remembering with remorse his belated duty. But it was the father-minister. That silent and severe perton had oftentimes rebuked the lay brother for his sleepiness and this morning bo had been overcome by the same infirmity. Awakening suddenly a little after C by the watch that hung by his bed, ho h:ui thought — ' That lazy follow is late again ; I'll tc-.v.h him a lesson.' Leaping to his foot (the monk sleeps in his habit), he had hastened to the bell and rung it fuiiously and then snatched up a taper and hurried down tlie staiiu to light the candles in tho church. When !u- appeared at the sacristy door with a lighted taper in his band and confusion on his face tho brothers understood everything at a g'aneeand not even the solemnity of llvj service could smother the snumiuss of their laughter. The incident was a trivial one, but it diverted attention for a time from the fact of Paul's absence, and when the. religious went back to the house and found Brother Andrew returned to his old duty as doorkeeper the laughter was renewed and there was eome playful banter. The monk is so far a child that the least thing happening in the morning is enough to determine tho temper of the day, and as late as the hour for breakfast the house was still rippling with tho humor of the fatherminis ter's misadventuro There was one seat vacant in the refectory — Brother Paul's seat— and the superior was the first to observe it. With a twinkle in his eyo he said— ' I feel like lioy Blue this morning. Two of my stray sheep have come homo wagging their tails behind them. Will anybody go in search of the third?' John Storm roso immecliatelr, but a lay brother was before him, so lie sat down again with his white checks and quiveriug Hp3 and made an eiTort to e;ifc his breakfast. Tho reader for tho week recited the Scrip ture for the day and then took ui- the book which the brothers were bearing at their meals. It was the 'Life and Death of Father Ig natius of St. Paul,' and tho chapter they had come to dealt with certain amusing examples of vanities and foibles. An evil spirit might have selected it with special reference to the incident of the morning, for at every fresh illustration the father-minister squirmed on his seat aud the brothers looked across at him and laughed with a spice of mischief and even a touch of malice. John's eyes were on the door and hiB heart was quivering, but the messenger did not return while the breakfast lasted, and when it was over the Superior rose without waitina: for him and led tho way to the community room. A fire was burning in the wide grate and the room was cheerful with the reflected sun rays, for tho sun was shining in the courtyard and glistening on the frosty bouj?1?s of the sycamore. It was a beautiful Now Year's morning and the father began to tell some timely stories. In the midst of tho laughter that greeted them the lay brother returned and delivered his moeBajre — Brother Paul could not bs found and there was Hot a sign of him anywhere in the house. ' That's strange !' said the religious. ' Perhaps he is in his cell,' said tho father. 'No, he is not there,' said the messenger, 'and his bed has not been slept in.' 'Now, that explains something,' said the father. 'I thought he didn't answer when I knocked at his door in the morning, but my ears grow dull and my eyes are failing me and I told myself perhaps ? ' ' It's very strange,' Baid the religious with looks of astonishment. ' But perhaps he stayed all night at his penance in the church,' said the father. 'Apparently his hat did so, nt all events,' Baid one of the brothers. ' I saw it lying with his lamp on the stall in front of me.' There wus Bilence for a moment and then the father said with a smile— ' But my children are so amusing in such matters. Only this morning I had to reprove Brother Storm for losing his hat somewhere, and now Brother Paul ? ' By an involuntary impulse, obscure to them selvea, the brothers turned towards John, who was standing in tho recess of one of the windows with his pale face looking out on the sunshine. John was the first to speak. 'Father ' he said, 'I have something to eay to you,' ?'?Come this way,' said the superior, and they passed out of the room together. The father led the way to the cell and closed the door behind them. But there was little need for confession; the father seemed to know everything in an instant He Bat in his wicker chair before the fire and rooked himself and moaned. 'Well, welL God's wrath comes up against the children of disobedience, but we must do our best to bear our punishment.' John Storm made no excuses. He had stood by the father's chair and told his story simply, without fear or remorse, and only concealing that part of it which concerned himself in relation to Glory. ''Yes, yes,' said the futher, 'I see quite plainly how it has been. He was like tinder, ready to take fire at a spark, and you were thinking that I had been hard and cruel and' inhuman.' It was the truth ; John could not deny it ; he held his head down and was silent. 'But shall I tell you why I refuse that poor boy's petition ? Shall I tell you who he was and how he came to be here? Yes, I will tell you. Nobody in this house has heard it until now, because it was his secret and mine and God's alone. But you have thrust yourself in between us, so you must hear everything, and may the Lord pity and forgive you and help you to bear your burden.' John felt that a cold damp was breaking out on his forehead, but he clenched his moist hands and made ready to control himself. 'Has he ever spoken of another sister?' 'Yes, he has sometimes mentioned her.' 'Then perhaps you have been told of the painful and tragic event that happened ? ' 'No,' said John, but something that he had heard at the board meeting at the hospital returned at that moment with a stunning force to his memory.. 'His father, poor man, was one of my own people — one of the lay associates of our society in the world outside. But his health gave way, his business failed him, and he died in a madhouse, leaving his three children to the care of a friend. The friend was thought to be a worthy and even a pious man, but he was a scoundrel and a traitor. The younger sister — tho one you know — ho committed to an orphanage, the elder one he deceived and ruined. As a sequel to his sin she lived a life of shame on the streets of London and died by fiuicide at the end of it' John Storm put up one hand to his bead as if his brain was bursting, and with the other hand he held on to the father's chair. ' That was bad enough, but there was worse to follow. Our poor Paul had grown to be a man by this time, and Satan put it into his heart to avenge his sister's honor. 'As the whirlwind passeth, so the wicked are no more.' The betrayer of his trust was found dead in his room slain by an unknown assassin. Brother Paul had killed him.' John Storm had fallen to his knees. If hell itself bad opened at his feet he could not have been stricken with more horror. In a. voice .strangled by fear he stammered, 'But why didn't you tell me this before ? Why have you hidden it until now V 'Passions, my son, are the same in a monastery as outside of it, aud 1 had too much mason to fear that the saint'iest soul iu our brotherhood would have refused to live and eat and sleep in tho fame houso with a murderer. lint the pour soul has come to me like a hunted beast, and who ' was I that I should turn ray back upon him ? Defore that he h;«i tramped through the streets and slept iu the parks under the impression that the police were pursuing him and thereby ho had contracted tho lung disease froiu which ho suffers still. What was 1 to do? Give him up to the law? Who shall tell inc how I could have held the balance level? I took him into ray house ; I sheltered him ; I made him a member of our community ; heaven forgive me, I suffered myself to receive his vows. It was for me to comfort his stricken body, for the church to heal his wounded soul ; aud an for his crime, tiiat was in (Jod'B hands and God alone could deal with it.' Tho father bad risen to his feet and spoke the last words with uplifted hands. 'Now you know why I refused that poor boy's petition. I loved him as a son, but neither the disease of his body nor the weak ness of his mind could break tlie firmness of the rule by which I held him. I knew that Satan was dragging him away from me and I would not give him up to the sufferings and dangers which the Evil One was preparing for him in the world. But how subtle are the temptations of the devil ! He has found the weak place iu my armor at last, He found you, my son — you ; and he tempted you by all your love, by all your pity, by all your tender ness, and you fell, and this is the conse quence. ' * The father claFped his hands at his breast and walked to and fro in the littlft room. 'The bitterness of tho world against reli gious bouses is great already, but if anything should happp.n now, if a crime should ba com mitted, if our poor brother, clad iu the habit of our order ? ' ila stopped and crossed himself and lifted his eyes and B.iid iu a tremulous whisper, 'Oh, God, whom have I in heaven hut Thee? My flesh and my heart failed, but God is tho strength of my heart and my portion for over. ' John bad stftggcred to his feet like a drunken man. 'Father,' he said, 'send me away from you. 1 am not fit to live by your side.1' Tho father laid both bands on his shoulders. 'And shall I lower my flag to the enemy like that? There is only one way to defeat the devil and that is to defy him. No, no, my son, you shall remain with me to the last.' 'Punish me, then. Give me penauce. Let me lie tho lowest of the low and the meanest of the mean. Only tell me what I am to do and I will do it.' ' Go back to the door and resume your duty as doorkeeper.' John looked at the father with an expression of bewilderment. 'I thought you bad done with it, my eon, but heaveu kuew better. And promise that when you are there you will pray for our wan dering brother that lie may not bo allowed to fulfil the errand on which you sent him out ; pray that ho may never find his sister or any body who knows her and can tell him where she is and what has become of her; pray that she may never cross his path to the last hour of life and the first of death's tasuiidering ; promise to pray for this, my Bon, night and day, morning and evening, with all your soul and strength, as you would pray for God's mercy and your bouI's salvation.' John did not answer; he was like a man in a stupor. 'Is' it possible?' he said. 'Are you sending mo back to the door? Can you trust me again ?' The father stepped to the side of the bed and took the key of the gate from its place undecjkhe shelf. 'Take this key with you, too, because for the future you are-to be the keeper of the gate as well.' John had taken the key mechanically, hardly hearing what was being said. ' Is it true, then — have you got faith in me still?' The father put both bands on bis shoulders again and looked^ into bis face. 'God has faith in you, my child,' he said, 'and who am I that I should despair ?' When John Storm returned to the door his mind was in a state of stupefaction. Many hours passed, during which he was only partly conscious of what was taking place about him. Sometimes he was aware that certain of the brothers had gathered around, with a tingling, electrical atmosphere among themselves, and they were asking questions about the escape and whispering together as if it had been something courageous and almost commend able, and had set their hearts beating. Again, i sometimes he was aware that big Brother '. Andrew was Bitting by his side on the form, - stroking his arm from time to time, and talk- 1 ing in his low voice and aimless way about his mother and the last he saw of her. 'She fol lowed me down the street crying,' he said, ' ' and I have often thought of it since and been tempted to run away.' Also he was aware ' that the dog was with.him always, licking the i backs of his stiff hands and poking up a cold - snout into bis downcast face. A]l this time he was doing his duties auto matically and apparently without help from i his consciousness, opening and closing the door i 'when required and saying 'Praise be to God j' when anybody knocked. It may be that his ' body was merely answering to the habits of its' intellect, and that his 6oul, which had sustained a terrible blow, was lying stunned and swooning within. When it revived and he began to know and to feel once more there was no one with him, for the brothers were asleep in their beds and the dog was in tho courtyard and the house : was very quiet, for it was the middle of the night. And then it came back to him, like a dream remembered in the morning, that the father bad asked him to pray for Brother Paul that he might fail in the errand on which he had sent him out into the world, ; and though with his lips he had not pro mised, yet in his heart he had undertaken to do bo. And being quite alone now, with no one I but God for company, he went down on his 1 knees in bis place by the door and clasped 1 his bands together. 'OGod,' he prayed, 'have pity on Paul i and on me and on all of us ! Keep him from i from all danger and suffering acd from the snares aud assaults of the Evil One. Grant ' that he may never find his sister— or anybody i who knows her — or anybody who can tell him i where she is and what has become of her ? ' But having got bo far ho could get no farther, for suddenly it oocurred to him that this was a prayer which concerned Glory and himself as well. It was only then that he realised the magnitude and awfulnessof the task he had undertaken. He had undertaken to ask God that Paul might not find Glory cither, and therefore that he on his part might never hear of her again. When he put it to himself like that the sweat started from his forehead and he was transfixed with fear. He rose from his knees and sat on the form and fora long hour helabored in the thought of a thousand possibilities, tolling himself of tlie many things which might befal a beautiful and : winsome girl iu a cruel and wicked city. But ; then again he thought of Paul and of his ' former crime and present temptation, and remembered the shadow that bung over the brotherhood. 'O God, help me,' he cried, 'strengthen mo, support mo, guide me ?' He tried to frame another prayer, but the words would not come ; he tried to kneel as before, but his knees would uot bend. How could he pray that Glory also might be lost — that something might havo happened to her — that somewhere and in some way unknown to liiui ? '( No, no, a thousand times no ! The prayer was impossible. Let come what would, 'let the danger to Paul and to the brotherhood be what they might, let tiatan and all his legious fall on him, yet he could not and would not utter it. Chapter XIII. The star.? were paling but the day had not yet dawned when there came a knock at the i door. John started and listened. After an | interval the knock was repeated. It was a ' timid, hesitating tap, .19 if made with the tips of the fingers low down on the door. ' Praise be to God !' said John and he drew tho slide of the grating. He had expected to see a face outside, but there wa.s nothing there. 'Who is it?' he asked, aud there came no answer. He took up the lamp that was kept burning in the hall and looked out through the bars. There was nothing in the darkness but an icy mist which appeared to be rising from the ground. ' Only another of my dreams,' he thought, and he laid his hand on the slide to close it. Then he heard a sigh which seemed to rise out of the ground and at the same moment the dog uttered a deep bay. lie laid hold of the door and pulled it quickly open. At his feet the figure of a man was kneeling, bent double and huddled up. 'Paul !' bs cried in an excited whisper. Brother Paul raised his head. His face was frightfully changed. It was grey and wasted and disordered. His eyes wandered, his lips treniWed, and he looked like a man who had been flogged. ' Good Lord, what a wreck !' though^ John. He helped him to rise and enter. The poor creature's limbs were stiff with cold and he stumbled from weakness as he crossed the threshold. 'But, thank God, you are back and no harm dono !' said John. 'How anxious j we've been ! You must never go out again — never ! There, brother, sit there.' The wandering eyes looked up with a sup plicating expression. 'Forgive me, Brother Storm ? !' But John would not listen. ' Hush, brother ! what havo I to forgive? How cold you are ! Your hands aro like ice. What can I do? There's no fire in the house at this time of night — even in tho kitchen it will bo out now. But wait, 1 can rub you with my hands. See, I'm warm and strong. There's a deal of blood inmeyjt. That's better, isn't it? Tingling, eh 1 That'B right— that's good ! Now for your feet— your feet will be colder stilL' ' No, brother, no. I ought to be kissing the feet of everybody in tho houso and asking the prayers of the community, and yet you ? ' 'Tut! what nonsense! Let me tako off this shoe. Dear mo, how it sticks ! _Why, you've worn it through and through, ijook ! What a mercy the snow was hard ! If there had been thaw, now ! How far you must have walked !' 'Yes, Pve wandered a long way, brother.' ' You shall tell me all about it I want to hear everything-^every Bingle thing.' 'There's nothing to tell. I've failed in my errand— that's all.' John, who was on bis knees, drew back and looked up with a light in his eyes which no word could express. ' Do you mean, then .... Havo you not seen your sister?' 'No. she's gone and nobody knows any thingabout her.' 'Well, perhaps it's for the best, brother. God's will be done, you know. If you had found her— who knows ? — you might have been tempted ; but tell me everything.' 'I cannot do that ; I'm so weak and it's not worth while.' 'But I want to hear all that happened. See, your feet are all right now — I've rubbed them warm again. Though I fast so much and look so thin I've a deal of life in me. And I've been pouring it all into you, haven't I? That's because I want you to revive and be strong and tell me everything. ' Hush t speak low, don't awaken anybody 1 Did you find the hospital ?' 'YeB.' ' Then Nurse Quayle sees nothing of your sister now ! That's the pity of the life she is leading, poor girl ] Mo friends, no future 'It wasn't that, brother.' ''What then?' ' The nurse was not there.' A silence followed and then John said in another voice, 'I suppose she was on holiday, [t was very stupid of me ; I didn't think of that. Twice a year a hospital nurse is entitled to a week's holiday, and no doubt ? ' ' But ebe was gone.' ' Gone ? You mean left the hospital ?' 'Yes.' - ' Well,' in a husky voice, ' that isn't to be wondered at either. A high-spirited girl finds it hard to bs bound down to rule and regula tion. But the porter — he is an intelligent man —ho would tell you where she had gone to.' 'I asked him — he didn't know. All he could my was that she left the hospital on the morn ing of Lord Mayor's 6how day.' 'That would be the 9th November— the day we took our vows,' There was another pause; the big dark eyes were wandering vacantly. 'After all he in only a porter ; you asked for the matron, didn't you ?' 'YeB, I thought she might know what had become of my sister. But she didn't. As for Nurse Quayle, Bhe had been dismissed also and nobody knew anything about her.' John had seated himself at Paul's side and the form itself was quivering. 'Mow, that's just like her, ' he said hoarsely. 'That matron was always a hard woman. And to think that in that great house of love and pity nobody ? ' 'I am forgetting something, brother?7 'What is it?' ' The porter told me that the nurse called for her letters from time to time. She had been there that night — not half an hour before.' 'Then yon followed her, didn't you? You asked which way she had gone and you hurried after her?' ' Yes ; but half an hour in London is a week anywhere else. Let anybody cross the street and she is lost — more lost to sight than ei ship in a storm on tho ocean. And then it was New Year's Eve and the thoroughfares were orowded and thousands of women were coming and going— and — what could I do?' he said helplessly. John answered scornfully, 'What could you do? Do you ask mo what could you do?' 'What would you have done ? ' ' I should have tramped every street in London and looked into the face of every woman I met until I had found her. I should have worn my shoes to the welt and my skin to the bone before I should have come crawling home like a .snail with my enell broken over my head.' 'Don't be hard on me, brother, least of all now, when I have come home like a snail, as you say, with my shell broken. I was very tired and ill and did all I could do. If I had been strong like you and brave-hearted I might have struggled longer. But I did tramp the streets and look into the women's faces. She must have been among them, if she's living tho life you speak of ; but God ? would not let mo find her. Why was it that my search was fruitless ? Perhaps there was evil in my heart at first — I don't mind telling you that now— but I swear to you by Him who died for us that at last I only wanted to find ray sister that I might save her. But I am such a help less creature, and ? ' John put hi3 arm about Paul's shoulders. 'Forgive me, .brother. I .was mad to talk to you like that — I who sent you out on that cruel night and stayed at Lome myself. You did what you could ? ' . 'You think that— really ?' 'Yes, only at the moment it seemed as if we had changed places somehow, and it was I who had lost a sister and been out to find her and given up the search too soon and come home empty and useless and broken-spirited and ? ' Paul was looking up at him with a face full cf astonishment. 'Do you really think I did all I could to find her — the nurse, I mean ?' But John bad turned his own face away and there was no answer. Paul tried to say some thing, but he could not find the words. At last, in a choked voice, he murmured, 'Wo must keep close together, brother ; we are iu the same boat now.:- And feeling for John's hand he took it and held it, and they sat some minutes with bowed heads, as if a ghost were going by. ' There is nothing but prayer and penance and fasting left to us, is there ?' Still John made no reply and the broken creature began to comfort him. ' We have peace here at all events, and you wouldn't think what temptations come to you in the world when you've loBt somebody, and there seems to be nothing left to live for. Shall I tell you what I did ? It tvas in the earjy morning aud I was standing in a doorway in Piccadilly. The cabs and the crowds were | gone, and only the nightmen wero there j swilling up the dirt of the pavements with j their hoso pipes and water. ' My poor girl j is lost,' I thought. ' Wo shall never see one I another again. This wicked city has ruined her, and our mother, who was so holy, was fond of her when she was a little child.' And then ray heart seepied to freeze up j within me — and I did it. You'll think I j was mad— I went to the police station 1 and told them I had committed a crime. ! Yes, indeed, I accused myself uf murder and began to give particulars. It was only when they noticed my habit that I remembered the father aud then I refused to answer any more question?. They put me in a cell aud that was where I spent the night, and next ' morning I denied everything and they let me ?? go.' _ _ I Then, dropping his voice to a hoarse ' whisper, he said, 'That wasn't what brought | me back, though. It was the vow. You ? can't thiuk what a thing the vow is until you've broken it. It's like a hot iron searing your very soul and if you were dying and at the furthest ends of tho earth and you had to crawl on your hands aud knees you would come back ? ' Ho would have said more, but an attack of coughing silenced him and when it was over there was a sound of some one moving in the house. 'What is that?' 'It is the father,' Baid John. °' Our voices have w.akened him.' Paul struggled to his feet. 'It's only a life of penance and suffering you've come back to, my poor lad.' 'That's nothing — nothing at alL . . . But arc you sure you think I did everything ?' ' You did what you could. Are you going somewhere ?' ' ' Yes, to the father.' 'God bless you, my lad ! ' 'And God bless you too, brother !' Half an hour later, by the order of the superior, John Storm, with Brother Andrew and the father-minister, carried Brother Paul to his celL The bell had been rung for lauds, and going up the stairs they passed the brothers coming down to service. News of Paul's return had gone through the house like a cutting wind, and certain of the brothers who had gathered in groups on the landings were whispering together, as if the coming back had been a shameful thing which cast discredit on all of them. -It wasn't love of rule that had brought the man home again, but broken health and the want of a bed to die upon. Thus they talked- under their breath, un conscious of the secret operation of their own hearts. In a monastery, as elsewhere, failure is the worst disgrace. Jobn Storm returned to the hall with a firm step and eyes full of resolution. Hardly an swering the brothers who plied him with ques tions, he pushed through them with lo&i; strides and taking the Key of the outer gatS from the place in the alcove where he had left it he turned towards the father's room. The day had dawned and through the dark ness which was lifting in the little room bs could see the father rising from his knees. /'Father 1' he cried in an excited voice, and his words, like his breath, came in gusts. 'What is it, my son?' 'Take this key back again. The world if calling me and I cannot trust myself at the door- any longer. Put me under the rule of silence and solitude and shut me up in a cell or I shall break my obedience' and run away as sure as heaven is over us.' 1 To be continued.) 