THE DEADLOCK PROBLEM. A LONG DEBATE. VARIOUS SUGGESTIONS. MR. WISE'S AMENDMENT CARRIED. Sydney. September 20. The Federal Convention met again to-day, when there was another erowded attendance, great interest being evoked by the debate on the solution of tlie deadlock problem. The Victorian delegates held a caucus this taornino to consider the situation, and the representa tives - of tho_ other States also discussed the matter in private, recognising that a crisis has been reached which might seriously affect Federation. Among the audience were Sir Edwin Smith and Mr. A. W. Sandford, members of the South Australian Legislative Council, and A: Catt, and King O*Maliey, members of the South Australian Assembly. Mr. J. L. Bonython was also a visitor. The President announced the receipt of a letter from Queensland precisely the Batuein terms aa the telegram received on Friday evening. The Convention then resumed the! discussion of various suggestions for the! treatment of deadlocks. Mr. Barton advised j that Mr. Symon's clause providing for suc-j cessive dissolutions of the House, ot Represen- ? tatives and the Senate should be rescinded as a preliminary to . considering whether dead lockB shouid be followed by the simultaneous dissolution of both Houses by a dual referen dum, or by a mass referendum. Mr. McMillan urged that the whole subject should stand over till Queensland was represented. Sir George Turner protested that something must be settled immediately. He would not rescind . Mr. Symon's clause, but would give the . Federal Government the option of ordering a simultaneous dissolution. Afterwards the : Convention could decide whether there should \ be a final resort to a dual or a moss referen- J dum. Mr. Reid would like to. see Mr.- Symon'a \ clause rescinded first. ' Mr. Barton pointed ' out that any decision would be capable of sub- ' sequent revisiun. Sir Edward Braddon would retain Mr. Symon's clause. Mr. McMillan thought it absurd to dissolve both Houses if a dissolution of one would meet the case. He de precated making Parliament the slave of wire pullers and political agitators. Why, after conceding equal representation, should an at tempt be made to destroy it V 'It would be better for the small States to have propor tional representation in the Senate with more ' power for that House than equal representa- 1 tion combined with such stringent checks as rendered the Senate impotent. He would dis solve that House which had been the longest from the country, but would not introduce into the constitution anything which would make the House of Representatives absolutely omni potent. The finalty for which Mr. Reid ' pressed would destroy the Federal idea. I (Cheers.) I Mr. Deakin said the normal working of the ? Constitution would be smooth, but a deadlock might be caused by the breaking down of the machinery. A difference of opinion was in evitable under a bicameral system, but !W per cent, of the disputes would be settled by mutual concession or delay. Some difficulties might be met by a single dissolution, but others would need the simultaneous dissolu tion of both Chambers. The disputes would be almost invariably between political parties in the two Chambers struggling for mastery, and seldom between the Senate i and the House or big and little States. If Sir [ John Forrest had ever been in a minority in j the West Australian Parliament he would i sympathise more closely with the desire to j guard against deadlocks. (Mr. Reid — 'He j wants to make a similar nest for himself : here.') He would welcome so good an ad ministrator and doughty a champion. When the West Australian Assembly lights the Council Sir John Forrest will be the fiercest champion of the former. (Sir John Forrest — 'There is no jjrovision for meeting deadlocks in West Australia.') In West Australia there was practically only one House, one party, and one Forrest. (Mr. Reid — 'If there were two Forrests trouble though would arise.' Laughter). As both Federal Houses were elective on tho same franchise, the natural solution of deadlocks was a simultaneous dissolution. (Dr. Cock burn — 'The Federal Government would never dissolve both Houses till the term of the repre sentatives had nearly expired.') Mr. Deakin said Sir George Turner proposed to meet tin's difficulty by delaying the simultaneous dissolu tion for six months after the deadlock arose. Mr. Dobson — ' If you can wait six months there cannot be great urgency.' (Mr. Reid — 'Hear, hear. You would need a special incu bator to revive public interest.') Mr. Deakin wanted a simultaneous, not a 'Symon- taueous' dissolution. (Laughter ; and Mr. Symon — 'That pun quite enlivens the debate.') There would be no penalisation if both Houses were sent to the country together. The pros pect of a simultaneous dissolution would in duce moderation and harmonious working, and would afford a preventive to disputes. He acknowledged that there was no absolute finality either in a simultaneous dissolution or a dual referendum. Under the former the issue could not be isolated, as personal considerations would intrude; but in the referendum the vote would be on measures, not men, and though not giving finality it would make manifest the situation to party leaders. He felt sure that, having arrived so close to an agreement, the Conven tion would not miss legislating against dead locks. (Cheers.) Mr. Symon said threats, jeers, and jibes would not coerce him. The Senate had already been shorn of financial and executive power, while it had no control over official appoint ments. He, therefore, objected to further humiliation by subjecting it to dissolution at the will of the ^ Federal Government. An immense concession had been made to the larger States, which, still cried for more. (Sir George- Turner — 'I would accept a dual referendum without any power of dissolution, but not the converse.') A con current dissolution would intensify the bitter ness by transmitting the dispute from Parlia ment to the country. (Mr. Holder — 'Both sides of the question' would be put before the people simultaneously.') That would result in a political Donuybrook Fair. The power of simultaneous dissolution would be a blot on the constitution. (Mr. Isaacs — 'Without it there would be no constitution to blot.') Mr. Symon agreed that they were at a critical point, but would not accept the expedient of a referendum. (Cheers. ) Mr. Reid warned the Convention that it was on the track leading to a disaster. No sane persons in New South Wales would accept a constitution under whioh half a million people in throe States could overrule tho other two and a half millions. The State coach was painted a Democratic color; but care should be taken that the driver and brakeman should not both be Conservatives. He would vindicate the concession of equal representa tion to the electors of New South Wales if an effectual way of meeting doadlocka were in troduced. Every expedient but a mass referendum lacked finality. At this stage the Convention adjourned for luncheon, and on resuming there was another large audience, as it had evidently become publicly known that the delegates^ Bere en gaged on the hottest debate of the session. Mr. Reid, continuing, said a dual referen dum was a monstrous Absurdity, as it placed the arbitrament of national disputes in the hands of the smaller States. (Mr. Howe — 'Leave the matter to tho Federal Parlia ment.') Mr. Reid could not leave the work ing of the constitution to accident. Sir John Downer believed a simultaneous dissolution and a dual referendum were both farcical, but as others took a different view he would risk voting for them. (Mr. Fcaser — 'Rather than support a mass referendum, which would sacrifice Federation.') Sir John Forrest objected to be asked to change a vote deliberately given. HiB patience was nearly exhausted, and if the Senate was further emasculated he would recommend West .Australia to reject Federation, West. Australia was accused of coldness to wards Federation,, but no delegates had taken more trouble to attend the Convention. Mr. Carruthers suggested that when a Bill passed two consecutive sessions in either House, and was rejected by the other, a .simul taneous dissolution should take place. If the Bill were again rejected a conference of both .'. Houses should take place, a two-thirds majority, ' bsing sufficient to pass such a law. If nob passed a majority might denund a mass referendum, while if passed one-fourth of the members might demand a mass referendum against it. He would rather break up the Convention than accept an unsatisfactory com promise. Mr. Isaacs objected that Mr. Carruthers'fl scheme would swamp the Senate. He pre» ferred a dual referendum. Mr. Reid supported Mr. Carruthers's scheme, and Mr. Gordon also thought it would prove the best compromise. Mr. Kingston would give the alternative of simultaneous dissolution, subject to proper - safeguards, with a final resort to a referendum. He would invest one-third of the membt a cl the House of Representatives or half the senators of half the Slates with power to declare that State rights were interested, uad that there must be a dual referendum. Other wise he would submit the matter to a mass ' ' referendum. Mr. Wise said Mr. Kingston b sugges tion contained the germ of the solution of the difficulty. They were grappling with an unreality. Simply to remove popular alarm he would accept any : proposal which commends itself to the majority as likely to meet a remote con tingency. He preferred a simultaneous dis solution conditionally on the House of Repre sentatives having at least a six months' life before the dissolution would take place. In the ordinary course, if that did not prove effi cacious, there might be a referendum. Sir George Turner consideredMr. Kingston's scheme the best compromise yet offered, and ** Mr. O'Connor considered that all expedients for settling deadlocks involved the stifling of proper public discussion. He would only apply the referendum where the safety of the Com monwealth was endangered. He thought the States would not accept a mass referendum. (Mr. Lyne— 'New South Wales would carry it.') Mr. O'Connor doubted that, but in any case the constitution must be acceptable to all the States. The Convention then adjourned for dinner. On resuming Mr. O'Connor Baid it was absurd to think the small States would be grouped on one side and the big States on the other in all deadlocks. They should endeavor to arrive at the best solution of the difficulty, and advocate it before the country. Mr. Higgins said unless a simultaneous dis solution were granted the Bill would not pass in the larger colonies. If Sir George Turner had not yielded to the smaller States a mass referendum would have been carried. (Sir George Turner— 'There never was the ghost of a shadow of a show for it.' Cheers.) Mr. Higgins was against a dual referendum but would support Mr. Carruthers's proposal, although he would let a bare majority at a con ference of the two Houses pass the Bill. Mr. Brown urged the Convention to come to a decision immediately. Mr. Holder said it appeared as if a union were contemplated among States ready to fly at each others' throats. He only wanted the Senate to protect State interests. Those who opposed Air. Symon's clause were the friends of progress. That division suggested that the cleavage in the Federal Parliament would nob ?» be of States, but of policies. A referendum would settle nothing, but would merely accen tuate the difficulties and inflame public opinion. Mr. Kingston's scheme would be better re ceived when it was better understood. As finance was postponed he advised that the solution of deadlocks should also stand over till Queensland had entered the Convention. (Sir George Turner — 'We should not drop all our work on an off chanco of Queensland coming in.') Mr. Holder thought it was desirable to insert something tentative now and get the advantage of public opinion on it at the next meeting of the Convention. Mr. Barton considered it unwise to adopt Mr. Holder's suggestion. They should do nothing tentative, but should honestly incor porate their deliberate opinions in the BiU» ..., He would ask the Convention to sit till all the clauses of the measure had been dealt with, as _ they had no right to play with the public. Ho believed the Australian continent was -? favorable to federation, and urged the Conven tion not to do anything tentative. He pre- «. ferred a dual referendum to a mass referendum, but thought the proposal- of Mr. Carruthera better than either. Mr. Glynn was sorry Sir George Turner's proposal of a dual referendum had not been accepted. Mr. Lyne was determined to get a straight vote on the mass referendum and would use the division-list afterwards in- the country. Ho regretted that the whole position had been given away by allowing the small States to be equally represented at this Convention. Aft the next meeting of the Convention the whole question of equal representation would be revived, and if Queensland really joined either the mass referendum or proportionate representation in the Senate would be carried. Ho accused Victoria of vacillating to such an \ extent as to cause the defeat of the mass referen dum. He pressed for a test vote now. (Cries of 'No.') He protested against the unfairness with which ho was treated. At 10.45 a division was taken on Mr. 'WiBe's amendment to allow the alternative of a simul taneous dissolution, provided that the Senate shall not be dissolved within six mouths of the date when the term of the House of Represen tatives expired by effliixion of time. This was carried by 26 votes to 21, the minority consist ing of eight West Australians, seven Tas manians, Sir John Downer, Sir W. Zeal, and Messrs. Frasor, Symon, Howe, and McMillan. The absentees were Sir Richard Baker,- Mr. Hassell, and Mr. Trenwith. A division was taken at 11.10 o'clock on Mr. Lyne's amendment dor a national referendum, which was defeated by '36 votes to 10, the. minority being Sir Graham Btrry, Messrs. Brunker, Carruthers, Deakin, Higgins, Holder, James, Lyne, O'Conner, and Reid. The members grew very excited as the divisions were taken, and the defeat of Mr. Lyne's pro-; position was greeted with vociferous chuers. At 11.25 p.m. Sir George Turner's amend ment in favor of a dual referendum was defeated by 27 votes to 18 ; Dr. Cockburn, and Messrs. Holder, Howe, Glynn, Kingston, and Solomon being in the minority, and Sir John Downer, Mr. Gordon, and Mr. Symon with the majority. _ The decision on the proposal of Mr. Carruthers for a full conference of both Houses if a double dissolution proved ineffective wa* * postponed till to-morrow, and the Convention adjourned at 11.40 o'clock. ^ Mr. Holderpreached to a splendid congre« gatiou at the Centennial Hall yesterday. 