A GAME OF HIDE AND SEEK AND ITS OUTCOME. By W. Thomson- Ten miles from us, in a far-back township of Western Canada, lived, in a great two-storey- log-house. Uncle John and Aunt Margaret Walton, who. like my own parents, bad seven children—three girls and four boys. • • . , Aunt Margaret was my father's sister, and Uncle John my mother's brother; so we youngsters were double first cousins. : The two couples were married at the same time, and ever since then had exchanged hospitalities on Christmas and New Year's Days, our family going to the Waltons. on the former and theirs coming to us on the latter festival. ' These social gatherings, at .first including only.four persons, had grown larger year by year, until on the Christmas I write of—that of 1848—no less than -eight een of us met ajt Mr Walton's'for a holi day jollification, the youngest of the whole crowd being Polly ("Baby") Walton. a lovely, goldenha n-ed little thin; seven years of ag*e and full of mischievous drollery. On ,£his occasion 1 our ninc.coming down iii £l big four-hcrse sleigh; arrived before noon, and while-our elders at once sought the roaring open fires, we young folios joined our cousins on the ice of an adjacent'mill-pond, where all. girls and boys, romped afid played until the long tin.hom summoned us to the old-fashioned two-o'clock dinner. And such a dinner! Two enormous once wild but now beautifully browned turkeys," a huge saddle of venison, wild ducks, grouse, and domestic fowls galore were followed by a mighty plumpudding. whose flaming jacket of blazing brandy east a ruddy glow upon'aii opposing force of mincepies and two flanking lines of cranberry and plum tarts; the "whole winding- up with heme-grown apinles and nursi a great store of the latter being kept in an overhead garret. How any of us children survived that day's gastronomic feast is a mystery : but survive we did, with unimpaired energies, though so much could hardly be said for our appetites! In order to the understanding of :mv story. I must here explain that to the garret aforesaid, were two entrances and exits^-one by a.stairway from the big kitchen and tlie other by a like convenience, on the outside of the house. Beside the butternuts and hickorynuts spread out on its floor to dry, the transverse, beams were so .thickly hung with bunches of Indian corn ears that the space between beams and rafters could not be seen from the floor at all. By the time .dinner was over, the short winter day had merged into dusk; but the long rows of home-made candles were not yet lighted, the great open fires, which left various nooks and crannies in shade, furnishing the precise degree of illumination required for the game of hide-and-seek in which the juveniles now engaged. Our little favorite. Polly, generously clected to cover her eyes first, and the other, thirteen of us concealed ourselves 'as best we could without going beyond the house itself. "Baby" quickly routed us out, however, and my sister Mary then took her turn. T-iOng before she had. with regulation slowness; counted the prescribed sixty, "Coo-ook'. coo-ook: coo-ook!" from the hiders rang out. and she started on her bunt, speedily unearthing twelve of us; but Polly she could not find. From cellar to garret, under chairs, tnbles. and sofas, into and beihind old barrels, boxes, trunks, bins, and presses she industriously peered, but no Polly \\\\-as there'. Where could the midget be? Mary must find her or pay a forfeit. Once more the puzzled girl began her "•seek," this time extending to the woodshed. cider-mill, and hen-house, with no result except a yawning rent in her own Sunday frock. Then she gave up, and, under our rules, called upon all to assist, the. finder, to be exempt from possible forfeits for the whole evening. We all knew every hole and corner where even a rabbit could hide, and as we set out. Sam Walton confidently said,: "I'll find the little mischief in no time." But he didn't. Nor did any of us, though we finally explored the stable and the hone barn. Py the unwritten law of the game. Polly, on finding that we were hopelessly puzzled, should have given a guiding "coo-ook" or two: but not a sound came from her. and chagrined at our failure, we returned in a body to ihe big parlor and confessed ourselves outwitted. "Why." laughingly said Auiu Margaret, "the child is in the garret. I saw her quietly creeping up the kitchen stairs. She's probably climbed that side ladder and hidden herself on the beams where tho corn hangs." "Of course. How stupid we've been!" exclaimed Sam. And lighting a cc-itijIj of c:u:-!!e-s. we. URY, FRIDAY, F hurried with gleeful shouts to the loft again. Tramping over the dried nuts, Edward Walton ascended the ladder, but did not need to creep out on the great flat beams, for from them to the rafters was stretched a perfect network of unbroken cobwebs, conclusively proving that his little sister had not passed that way. Amusement now gave place to wondering vexation, and once more we marched- • down stairs, completely baffled. Our parents looked serious. , Mother and aunt, indeed, were on the point of crying. Uncle John and my father, taking lanterns, prepared to go themselves to research "all the Giithouses. As they were leaving the room, uncle thoughtlessly said: "Surely the foolish child has not gone to the pond again and hidden herself in the cedar grove beyond. Without her cloak, too:" This liapazavd re-mark, though manifestly absurd, the women and girls heard with uneasy slvudd-r'.'s. for in that part of Canada wolves were then by no moan-7- rare. Tho two nirn. follow'id by all ol' us boys, searched thoroughly, as thev thought, the grainmows, haylofts, cattle sheds, horses' mangers, and even the colt and calf pens, while reiterated shouts of "Polly. Polly. Polly'." rang through the frosty air. But no voice answered, and we all became greatly alarmed. "I>et us go to the pond." huskily .proposed Uncle John. " It's possible that 'Baby' has wrapped herself up and gone out there"—neither he nor any of -us daring to -whisper a haunting and far greater fear. The north side of this pond, abom six hundred yards from the house, and of somevrliat greater length, was fringed by a de»se growth of cedar trees, and beyond these lay the unbroken forest. While my father and my uncle were going along this line, stooping lovi- and flashing their lights upon every inch of the way, we all distinctly heard the howl of a not distant wolf, on which Mr Walton trembled so violently that he dropped his lantern. "Poor, John!" said my father. "Polly's safe enough somewhere. Those brutes are always prowling round after deer when the snow's as deep as it is now. Come on. It'll turn ouit all right." "Well, maybe It will," presently rejoined the anxious man, after the whole woodward margin had been searched without a. single footmark, leading into thet liicket. having been discovered : "but where on earth can the child be?" Now, still remaining on the cleared part of the ice, at that moment, quite a distance from us, were two hand-sleds, and on each' was a buffalo skin, which had been used by the boys to draw the younger girls around during our sport, and h'ad been left behind when we rushed off to dinner. . '"•Shouldn't wonder," said my brother Hugh, "if Polly's curled up under one of those buffalo skins laughing at us <all the time." And we scampered off to see. Only the warmly-lined robes themselves were ou the sleds, however, and our hopes fell to zero again. "Run, Ned, and call up the teamsters," said Uncle John to his eldest son (there was a water-power saw-mill at the foot of the pond). "Tell them to come at once." But before Ned could start the three, sturdy fellows came running out, having heard our previous shouts for their little favourite. Polly. Then the whole thirteen of us scattered and ' searched over again every: building, shed, corncrib, and stockyard on the premises. All in vain. Not a trace of "Baby" could be found. "'Boss," exclaimed one of the distressed log-haulers, "that child's in the house yet. sure. Have 5-ou looked up 'the chimneys? She could crawl into a small hole, and might get stuck." "That can't be. Tom. All the chimneys are, in use just now," dejectedly answered Mr Walton. . • "Well, it beats me," returned Tom ; and all the teamsters accompanied us back to the house. And now, indeed, all was consternation there. While the men and boys affected to laugh at the idea of danger, the women and girls were almost frantic. "My bai>y is lost—lost—lost!"*--wildly shrieked the bereaved mother. "She has wandered away and been torn to pieces by wolves. Why do you stand there?'' turning distractedly to' her husband. "Oh, go, quick, and find our little darling's poor remains!"' - ' The scene was terrible, j All joy had gone from our Christmas, and nothing : but frightened, tear-stained faces were to be seen on every side. ' By this time it was nine o'clock, and •had been quite dark for hours. Further search seemed useless, yet the live men and the older boys prepared to continue it throughout'the flight. Before leaving on their quest, however, all gathered about the two sobbing women, vainly trym'g to comfort them with assurances—htsrdiy believed themselves—that no harm could possibly have befallen Polly, when the • door quietly opened, and she herself, flushed, rosy, and smilirg, marched in! One moment of amazed silence, then a chorus of" jubilant shouts as the lovely truant was caught to the breast of her mother, whose happy tears rained down upon her wondering face. After escaping from the multitudinous hugging and kissing with which she was well-nigh "overwhelmed, the little rogue explained that she had at first hidden in the garret, but ou hearing us coming up the kitchen stairway, had gone down the outside one and and thence to the'stable.- where, climbing to the loft, she had crept deep beneath the hay, fallen fast asleep, and never heard one word of the hubbub. Then the festivities were resumed: the big house resounded with noisy mirth : the long-delayed supp?r was served : the gorgeous Christmas-tree was stripped of its treasures: old and y.iiinajoined in hearty, care-free play, concluding wijth a genuine Scottish reel, to the accompaniment of Sam's violin, and altogether it was. a gloriously jolly tim--- all the more so because of that distressful interv al. And as we drove hoir.' - ward at midnigrht. agreed that it had been the- hauniesi: fhrisrrnas of thvir lives.— A very strange story comes from Dublin. O11 the afternoon of the day.of the sudden death of the Bishop of 'KiHaio;:- and Mrs Wynne, a lady walking in one of the suburbs of Dublin met a clergyman whom slie supposed to be the Bishop and inquired for ilrs Wynne. "She," was the reply, "is dead, and." after a pause, "the Bishop, too, is dead." The lady was quite overcome, and on recovering herself found that the clergyman. whom she had supposed to be the Bishop, had vanished. She immediately went and explained the occurrence to a well-known Irish Protestant dignitary, who is a firm believer in supernatural appearances. Ke said there was no doubt that she had been accorded an interview with the spirit of the departed "Bishop. The story was extensively circulated in Dublin society, and was told to a clergyman when visiting the family of a well-known judge. "Why," said the astonished cleric. "I am the Bishop's ghost. A lady whom I had not kno-vn came tip to me on road at that ti:ne and asked me how Mrs Wynne was. 7 said she was dead, and that the Bishop was also dead. The lady naturally seemed greatly distressed, anl I passed 0:1." There is a very striking likeness "between the deal Bishop ari-3 the clergyman for I15 was mistakes.— "Weftmir.ster." ''-Weekly Bvdge-t." 