BUENOS AIRES. ^mmm--. HERE is ah- episode ME'MWk which I have always V~ I//* found interesting, and L. I I about Which I am sorry psf 1 J that I can gather but few m\:V\ details. Some time in S:[ the pearlier years of the -jS present century, a ship H\ load of female eonvicts left England for Botany Bay. These women, not at all disposed xo submit passively to the hard life before them, used their blandishments on the mate; and crew of the ship to such effect that they per suaded them to mutiny, and carry the. vessel into the port of Buenos Aires. There-; the women, once more free, obtained respectable situations, and many of them married, leav ing doubtless children whose descendants lit tle guess the antecedents of those ances tresses of theirs. My father was once taken to see an old woman, supposed to be the last survivor of this strange cargo. Old men who recall years long past must remember how different Buenos Aires looked then in the middle, of the day from what it does now. There is surely nowadays hardly a busier city in the world. At noon, in the business quarters, one can hardly find breathing space, j Crossing the street is a dangerous undertak- j ing— the buzz and hum of voices, the inces sant roll of vehicles crowding the narrow streets, the shouts of drivers, guards, coach men, and policemen, as some overladen. cart sticks oh the tram rails, and sometimes for squares all is one hopeless block— all these j things are most confusing and distracting to j the unaccustomed eye and ear. What would the ghost of Rosas say, could he be present sometimes at midday — would he recognise the place? In his day, and. long after, for j two hours in the heat of the day Buenos Aires was a city of the dead. It was siesta time; not a sound was tb be heard— not a movement to be seen. The shops were all closed — porters and workmen lay stretched on the pavement wherever they could find- a little shade— fast asleep. The only work that went on was in the offices of foreign merchants, and that was not visible from the street. There was a great deal more religious show formerly in Buenos Aires than there is at present, and during Lent, and especially Holy Week, there were always processions through the streets. Huge and most ghastly images were borne, preceded and followed by' priests and choristers chanting litanies, and 'when- ever they halted all who were near them fell on their knees. In Holy Week, groups of more hideous images were placed at different stations, and all men passing them, of what ever denomination, were forced to take off their hats. On Good Friday there was al ways a procession of the Government offi cials, dressed in their Sunday best, visiting these different stations. About Rosas's time, when mantillas were still much worn by the native ladies, females were not allowT ed to enter churches with any but a lace covering for the head. A French lady, wear ing a Paris bonaet, was turned out of one of the churches by a priest!, and consequently refused again to attend mass in Buenos Aires. Gas in the streets was of course un known in those earlier days in this city. At one time the only light was an occasional tallow candle in a lantern, serving only to make the darkness more terribly visible. Few went out at night, especially in the out skirts. Serenos -with their lanterns paraded { the streets in lieu of policemen, calling out j each hour in a peculiarly lugubrious strain of theic own. A little later sperm candles were introduced, and later still kerosene lamps, the precursors of gas lights,, which in their torn axe being supplanted by the elec tric light. In the time of Rosas, when the few news papers in the place were almost entirely un der his control, the monthly packet sent from Falmouth, which brought letters and papers to the foreign residents, was naturally looked for with the greatest eagerness, as only through this source had they any intercourse with the outer world. Important letters were sent by different routes in duplicate and tri plicate, for fear of accident. The work of the clerks at mail time was heavy indeed. Frequently they had to sit up writing all night before the. departure of the monthly packet. Payments used to be made only on Saturdays, and among the creditors profes sional beggars presented themselves with the greatest regularity, each of them receiving in every merchant's office, and many private houses, a copper coin, in those days called a j rial. It is on record that the cashier in a well-known firm,- in order to save time, placed a number of coppers on a window-sill near him, for the beggars to help themselves. Such was their extraordinary honesty, in those days for ever fled, that when, for want of change, he sometimes placed 2-rial pieces with the others, they called on liim to witness l that'they put back the change! An§ther pe culiarity of beggars in old times in this coun try was that they were frequently seen on horseback, horses being plentiful and cheap, and easily turned out to grass to find their own living. The proverb, 'When wishes are horses, beggars shall ride,' could have been , reversed here, for beggars did ride, and wishes frequently remained unfulfilled. It is amusing and- instructive to note how the wants of humanity increase 'and multiply with the power of ministering to them. Now- ' adays all must have' change at least once a year-r-cannot live without it. When travel ling was difficult to get at, change of air and scene were occasional luxuries, and people managed to live without them, somehow or other.— 'St. Andrew's Gazette.' \-- 