INTERCOLONIAL. By Telegram. (From our Correspondent.) Sidney, Fbidat, Warm weather is being experienced in Sydney. Some light and moderately heavy showers fell this morning, reoording over half an inch. It was raining yesteaday in West Australia, over Coolgardie, and the south eastern parts. This rain is travelling east and will reach this colony on Sunday. In the Miowera, the Right Hon. G. H. Iteid, Premier of New South Wales, will come to Sydney without calline at New Zealand. The steamer Algony which left here recently for West Australia met with terrifio weather. A lot ef cattle on deck, and some bullooka were oast overboard, otbera lying all ever the forepart of the ship dead and dying. A few weathered the etorm, 6tandiag in mute agony, their houses gooe to splinters. Even the iron railings were twisted eut of shape. Tbe annual shooting in connection with the N.S.W. Rifle Association will be held from 2oth to 30th Ootober inclusive. Several persoos have been robbed reoently by the confidence trick. Auckland defeated Taraoaki in the oetball match by twenty-three to three. Taranaki has been tbe premier olub for ssveral years. ; Seven applications were received at Bal ranald for conditional purchases totalling 599 acres, Stephen Connor being successful, i Another death from diptheria is reported I at ueiungcn, being the third victim of tbe Donaldson family. A lively meeting has taken place in the Council. Almost constant showers have fallen at Urana since June, and now only thunder storm showers are required to fill the tanks and ensure a season which will be the best for over twenty years. The roads at Coolamon were very heavy during the rains. The Coolamon Bailway league has issued I circulars asking whst support the residents will give to the proposed Coolamon-Ariah line. The Land Board concluded its sittings at Hilleton on Wednesday. Tbe rents of a number of leasehold areas were fixed. Since 1st August only three fine days have been experienced at Kiandra. During 16 days water from the thawed snow registered nearly 7A inohes. The Tumbarumba Flat Sluieing company during the week ending 14th August report tbat the stripping nozzle worked 92 hours and the pump 101, raising 1800 cubic yards of stripping. At lUdfern yesterdey amongst the sales of chaff were : — Best Bros., 3s 4d ; J. M'Nickle, 4s 6d for two trucks, 4s dd and 4s 4d ; Mor ras, Junee, 3s and 2s lid ; Crawley, 3s 3d ; Turner, 2s 9d. I At Homebush, beet crossbred wethers brought 18 3d; medium, 9s te lis; good merino, 0s 6d. For best cattle prioes are improved ; prime, £9 lis ; extra, £10 19s. Prime chaff is a trifle firmer in Sussex street, due to tbe short supplies. There is none good at present on the wharves. Two constables weut to an empty bouse, formerly an botel, at the corner of Clisdc 1 and Dawson streets, in a part of the city known as Strawberry Hills. They were attracted by n dark figure on tbc doorstep*, which they look to be a vasrant. As th*r I approacbcd the figure vanished. The police went inside the building and struck matches, when on the stairs the figure was seen to rise in an airy fashion and vanish. It was only two yards from the constables, who searched ths room. On leaving they saw what they regarded as a ghost pursuing. The con stables hurried into the street, and au exten sive policc hunt for the figure is to be made tu-night. The constables described the figure of tbc most extraordinary appearance, with a pair of flappers like a seal : the upper part being enveloped in what resembled bags. The death of Solomon Blair, formerly executioner of Tasmania, who was trans ported iu 1837, is reported. He was ap[-ointcd executioner in 1817, aud free pinioned in 1857. Tbc last hanging look place in 1887, and Blair di--d in 1897. rat cattle are &carcc; at uastno. Burglare in warehouses and lesidenccj are numerous. The Mayor has refused to graut the Town Hall for a meeting in regard +o the uuem* ployed question. Mr Albert Fraser, general storekeeper, Forbes, has sequestrated his estate. Chaff this morning brought 2s 5d to 4s 7d; there was none from Wagga. A saiali supply was offered, aud prices were lower in most cases. Eggs, large supply, 7d and 8d per doien retail. 1620 acres were selected at Tamworth yesterday. It was cloudy and dell this afternoon, and like rain at 3 o'olock at Cudgellieo, Inverell, Silverton, Billiga, Euston, and elsewhere, It was showery on the ooast. The matter in which an attorney was oalled 1 npon io show cause has been adjourned for a week. Sir Julian Salomons appeared for tbe attorney, and said it was impassible to obtain information within tbe time to put it before the court. Sir Chas. Lilley, ex-Chief Jastioe and ex Premier, Queensland, died at Brisbane at a quarter to 4 this morning. He was un conscious at f- o'clock yesterday evening, and remained insensible afterwards. He leaves eight sons and five daughters, all but young est being grown up. The majority of the | sens are lawyers. Edward is one ef tbe i leaders of tbe Queensland bar. Deceased was born on 26th May, 1830. The North Sydney ferry boat, Waringa, crashed into the stone work at the Circular Qaay at three this afternoon and demolished a watarmau'a boat, after which the port quarter of the terry boat was carried away. There was aUe a big hole on the starboard side. The heavy coping wai splintered and two pauels of tbe ornamental iron railings which surmount it were broken. Mr Russel predicts unsettled weather and scattered showers. Mr Wragge ssys the Ant arctic disturbance is at present about 1000 miles south of Albany, and will probably ap pear in the south- eastern districts before Monday afternoon. Fat cattle are scarce at Oberon and tbe butbers are in difficulty in getting stock. Melbourne, Fbiday. Chas. Casson Shackell, was charged at the City Court to day with imposing upon Wm. Bowen, a mining speculator, in conneotion with floating a mining company. It is ; alleged that the accused obtained a prom* I iseary note lor £149 from Bowen on the 1 representation tbat bis mine which was situated at Wambryne, near West Wyalong, was valuable. Expert evidence was given that the mine was net nearly so valuable as represented by accused and his nephew, Mr James Shackell, ex M.L.A. Mr Shackell swore that tbe acoused was not related to 1 him. Tbe case was remanded for ten days for ths attendance of witnesses from Wam byrne. Accused atated that he wes formerly manager of a mine at West Wyalong and Moree. Owing to several lots of stolen sheep, horses and cattle having been trucked from various railway stations to Sydney lately, the police are exercising extra vigilance in over hauling drovers' travelling stock and thiir statements, which they must prcduce as re quired under a penalty of £25 for noncom pliance. Messrs. Moses Bros ram, Royalist, clipped 2G£lb. When tbe shearers' roll was called at Mid kin to-day it was found that there was over a hundred men in excess of rcquirsments. The Government has calted for tenders for an artesian bore at Finley, which ismuob required. Crops are looking splendid. All matters in connection with land for the Finlay Berri- gan line are cumplete. It ia expected that tenders will be called within six weeke. Grafton, Fuidav. a stnous masting accident occurred at the Mount Lea Mine. Mann River, yesterday, Thomas Gibbous, a miner, went down the shaft to ascertain tbc reason thai tbe charge had not gone off. No sooner was he down than it exploded, injuring him fearfully about the face and chest. There was no road to the place. 33 men, in relays, under took to carry lbs sufferer 20 miles through the bush, accomplishing the distance iu V bom's, and reaching the Clarence River at 2 o'clock this morning, A buggy wa* pro cured, and Gibbons reached the Ciraften Hospital. It is feared that the man will lose his eyesight. 