> -- ••' ae tp. A U P U L E BOJ W A tall, straight maiden anqtio£#nine whom. I when a boy sometimes visited, possessed among the objects of her idolatry a hat with nodding features, jriich., when,;she,,wore. ii».,gaye,,hfr: a formal appearance of festivity, a pair of lace mitts likely to abash the unfashionable, a silk_gojtHf.which. she wore with the -hat and the mitts bb an emblem of position ; a bird in a cage .who sometimes used to chirp in heroic -rallies against stillness ; a book- mark which I conceived to be" a mortification x>i the spirit to be endured only, by [the old; a cat which occupied a rocker" oil lonely evenings while 1 rat dejected in a straight-backed chair; a dock- with a moon and a red and blue knight and lady- on white charger and palfrey, which was a hard-faced old clock, caring.nothing for children ; and a: spare room wherein I first encountered pi^jiftYmfn. -• .. -To this room at the -end of an evening of growing dreariness was translated my My aunt having, carefully completed the fourth reading of the weekly paper fcfthe previous "week, or having with contrition observed the cai yawn, said very sharply {as -if no one else ever slept), " Well^ my boy, I suppose you ought to be in bed." And- whereupon I was conducted through a hall and through an empty-room^ and through a parlour which -was consecrated to dusk and alienee, and into the'spare room. In this room there was a closeness and an airlessness which no mere vacuum has ever attained. The wall-paper and .the furniture were so ancient .that I had no doubt the art of making such waU-Jpaper T and such furniture "had longbeen lost*' .wished that it was morning, so that might go out where time was still young. All about were the reminders and the monuments of a family lpng since grown old, but there was n£thing,-tbat by the most anxious_ stretch of the niiagination could be' considered an object Of conteni] ous living interesfto a boy, and when my aunt had turned down the lifeless clothes on a bed which looked like the tomb of the Capulets, and had .bidden me not-sit up, and had departed through the nightridden house, I sought in despair among those ghosts.of former life for some posible object of entertainment * It wss hen I turned to a marble-topped table, pon which were disposed:some large lack books at an ancient angle or legance. These books were the bound volumes of magazines. They were " Graam's Magazine," and " Peterson's Magazine," and "•Godey's Lady Book, nd -there upon the cold marble, with a heaf of dried and drooping.grasses near hem in a china vase, they lay like ummies of literature. It was under these gruesome circumtances I became acquainted: with agazines, and had- it not been for' the mall human satisfaction of disobeying y aunt's injunction not to sit up, I hink I could not have endared to look pon them. But in that, airless room I opened those ifeless bookB, and the yellow light flowed over the yellow pages. They were pages of dead times, of pictures of people in dead fashions, of dead stories, and dead poetry, signed by dead names. The >oetry I did not read ; I thought a little joy would not be expected to read that I^attempted to read the stories. - They were about young girls named Isabel,-and young men called Florian, and sometimes they were about knight- errantry, and then they were filled with scenery, and with "nay, nay, sir," and. "hark .ye,' and such like ancient, dead remarks My light grew duller on the pages, snnfied the oppressed flame, and tried to believe that I detected signs of vitality in the yellow stories, but there was no vitality; they were dead And when mjr light had for a long time grown moce yellow, and when- my.eyes ached, -and my throat ached, and my heart ached, I got into the tomb of the Capulets, so wan, faint, and woebegone, that if yon. had seen , me the next morning chasing my aunt's fat, consequential rooster you would not have known me. 