[?] Lord Brassey's Medal Cow. — West Charlton. lOili July, 1897.— Dear Uncle Ben, — Splendid rains have 'fallen in this district during the last fortnight, and with the favorable weather that is fol lowing sufficient; grass to carry stock , through the winter months should soon make its appearance. It has just come in the nick of time, as there were many cows and sheep about here that would not have lived a week longer on the scant feed that they had before the rain. We have been very lucky so far. as we have only lost one cow; but, unfortu nately, it was. the cow that took Lord Brassey's silver medal given for the best dairy cow at the Charlta'n Agricul tural Show, which was' held in Septem ber. last. There tyas a small earthquake here not very long ago, but it did not do much harm. ' I did not notice it, but mother did. I take great interest in the /'.Young Folks' " page; and I like Davie Russell's letters best. There was a fancy ; dress football match on the " Charlton Cricket Ground five tjr'six weeks ;ago. It 'Opened the football, season for this year.- ; We had a very nice pienie:a'n.d sports at Charlton on the 22nd of , last month.' : There. were.bicy.ele races, foot races and a potato race, including inany races for children, one of wilch I wolp. It was the first time that I' had ever' se.en. a po tato race, as it is generally one of the, last. things on the programme. In the evening. all the children under the age of fifteen were presented with a medal in commemoration of Her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee. The . medals are very : pretty, arid. I am" sure we shall prize them very much in remembrance of the Queen. I -hope and trust she may reign ' many years longer. Charlton was not behind the times in regard to tlie ilium, inations on Jubilee night. The streets were lit up with Chinese lanterns and fairy lamps, and the town was alive with .spectators. At ten o'clock of the same night a royal salute of twenty-one guns was fired. The report could be heard a long way off. Now, dear Uncle Ben, I must draw to a close. With love to you and Aunt Connie, Cousins Connie and Florrie. I remain your affectionate nephew, — William A. Bevan, aged 13 years. At Bendigo. — Palmerston street, Ben digo, June 30 — Dear Uncle Ben, — We cele brated the Queen's Diamond Jubilee last week. The demonstrations started on Sunday with a military church par ade at St. Paul's Church. A large num ber of the militia and cadets attended. On Tuesday the school children were given a treat in the show grounds. The following schools took part— Camp Hill, Violet street, Golden Square, Kangaroo Flat, Gravel Hill, White Hill, Long Gully and Marong State and several pri vate schools. In all there were about 8000 children. They were marched from the various schools to Forest street, where they were put into position by the teachers. They were then marched along Pall Mall to the show grounds. Each school had a large banner, and each child wore a bit of ribbon as their school colors; most of them also car ried small flags. The spectators said that the children, marching through the streets and waving their gay colored flags, made one of the prettiest sights they had ever seen. After the show ground was reached luncheon was served out to each child, and they were then allowed to walk about and see the various novelties on the ground. The sports, which were to be held that day, were postponed because the arena could not be cleared. A dinner was given the same day to over 400 poor people in the orderly room by the council, and our "Golden King" (Mr George Lansell) gave a banquet to the "old Bendigonians" at his residence, Fortuna Villa. In the evening a torchlight procession was held, and the public buildings and business places were brilliantly illuminated. A concert was also held in the theatre, where a large choir sang the Thanksgiv ing Hymn. On the following day a Sun day schools' demonstration was held. There was a procession in the afternoon and a concert, given by the united choirs, in the evening. The illuminations also were still continued. A statue of the Queen, to cost L2000, is to be placed in front of the Art Gallery, and a large sum of money has already been given to wards it. We had fine weather for the celebrations, but it has now broken, and we are having splendid rains, which are greatly needed by the country. I am 14 years and 8 months old, and have been in the sixth class at the Gravel Hill school for three years. Hoping you will accept me as one of your nephews. I must now conclude with love to Aunt Connie and yourself. — I remain, yours truly, — Ernest J. Tanner. For the Cot.— Korong Vale, 4th July. 1897.— Dear Aunt Connie,— Since last I wrote to you we have had a nice lot of rain. The farmers, who could not plough before owing to the ground being so hard and dry, are now busy ploughing. AVe were very short of water, there be ing only 1ft. 6in. in our reservoir, but now we have over 7ft. of water in it, and most of the dams are full. A con cert and ball was held last month in the Mechanics' Institute, in aid of our brass band. After all expsnsese were paid, there was a little over L17 left. We are going to have a service of song on the 5th of August, to help to pay the money that is owing for the church or gan. The illumination in Melbourne, in honor of our Queen's sixty years reign, must have been very pretty. What a beautiful day it was. so. different to the last Jubilee day, 1887. I remember it. rained nearly all day in Melbourne. Dear Aunt Connie, I aril not sending riiucli money this time, only 10s, I wish- it was more, hut I suppose every little is a help. I hope, before long, we shall be able to collect the L500 that is needed. With love to Uncle Ben, my little cousins, and yourself. I remain your loving niece, — Mabel Daws. ' Collected by Mabel Daws; — P. Ga ronne, 2s 6d; A. A. Scully; R- Griffiths, J. Wright, J. Kelly, Dicken, J. Dolittle, Is each; Mr McAllister, R. Daws, K... 6d each. . Total, 10s. A Day "rif- Rejoicing. — Preston, 5th July, 1897.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I am going to tell you about the Diamond Jubilee cele brations in Preston,. On Thursday, the 24th, ' there was a children's fete. At 9.30 in the morning they assembled at the Shire Hall, aqd marched to the park, the coritmittee lifeaaing the prbcession. ' The brass band came next, f-hen girls, boys being last. About oiicr/o'clock a bell . rang, and the girls were got in order.. They marched to the shire hall for their dinner. As they went along they sang God Save the Queen. After dinner there was a maypole dance by twelve trained children, and another later on. A Punch and Judy show was held at intervals during the afternoon, and merry-go- rounds . all day. At five we got tea, and our bags were filled with good things.' . I had more than I could eat at tlje time. . At seven we were en tertained at tlie' hall. Messrs ilollit Brothers amused us with comic songs, recitations, dances, etc. -Mr Walker showed some limelight views. About ten o'clock the fun ended. There are two Wesleyan churches, a Church of England, a Presbyterian, and a Roman Catholic Church, besides a Salvation Army barracks, in Preston. We went to see tlie procession and illuminations on Monday night, and we thought that they were very good. I liked Flinders street bridge best of all " the illumina tions. Parliament House and the Trea sury were very pretty. The President of the shire gave his allowance (L25) for the fete, and the council votel a similar sum. The most of the crops are coming up about here. We had some maize nearly ten feet high this year. Tlie names of my two prizes are "Foot prints," and "Our Homes." With lo\e lo all, Yours, truly,— Emma Eupsch. Delighted With Her Prize. — "Wee- roona," Ford street, Wangaratta, July, 1897.— My Dear Aunt Connie,— I must thank you very much for the book. -I was delighted to win it, and as far as I have read it is very interesting. Our school broke up last Tuesday, the Gth, and we had a concert. I took the part of Silverwing (a fairy). We made about L5 for the Queen's Fever Ward. Last Thursday Miss Hall (our head teacher) gave us a dance, and we all enjoyed ourselves very much. Since I wrote, last we have had the rains we were so much in need of. Our school has chang ed hands. I hope the new teacher will us. My grandma took me down at Ju- be as nice as Miss Thomas, who has left fl bilee, and I saw my mother and father fl and all my sisters and brothers. 1 fl thought the illuminations were beauti- I fill. I must say good-bye, with love to I dear Aurit Connie and Uncle Ben, I re- H main, your loving niece,— Zeenie Mont- I fort. P. — About my winning a prize— H it has been in two local papers, the fl "Wangaratta Chronicle" and the fl "Ovens and Murray," a Beechworth fl paper. — Z.M. H Queen, Prince and Duke.— Porcupine I Ridge, July 7th, 1897. Dear Uncle Ben, I —The Jubilee is over now, and the farm' I ers think the best thing about it was the I Jubilee rain. It has made the grass fl green, and the crops are now coming up fl through the ground nicely. Father I planted three trees on Jubilee Day, and fl named one of them "Queen," another fl , "Prince," and the other "Duke." When fl he was digging up the ground round one H of the trees he had planted before, his H foot slipped into a rabbit burrow. The fl rabbits had a lot of straw in it to make H a nest for their young ones, and then H covered up the mouth, so no one should fl see it. I told you in my last letter that H we boys were helping mother while the girls were away. One morning mother H . was making up the butter in the dairy, H Will was chopping wood, and Walter H carrying it in. I thought I would wash H up the breakfast dishes, so started 011 H a pretty glass jug. - It wouldn't shine >H like mother makes it, so I went to the H kettle and poured some boiling water in H and the thing went whiz-z-z— vhir-r-r, H and then the water began running out. M Mother didn't scold, though I thought 11 she would, because it was our only glass H jug, but she put it by, and says Jessie H can get soifie putty and gold-paint, and H make it into an ornament when she gets H time. I should like to be where Robert Voight is, arid see if we could not make H the old man kangaroo turn tail. We H would soon see whether he was a ghost of not. Sometimes we see kangaroos when we are going to school, but we have' not seen many this year. Perhaps H| they are starved out, like the I'abbits. I was glad to see another of my school mates' names (Elsie Henderson) in "The Weekly Times' " last quarterly prizes. Elsie is working hard at Sun- day school, too. She has got the most tickets of anybody so far. What a good description Carrie Bird gave of their journey to Durdidwarrah. We wm-o wondering which one of the parsons it was that sat down in the road. Louie is still down at Surrey Hills, but we 81 think she will be home in a week or i wo. Jfl I think we shall have to call her "Little Sunbeam" when she comes homo, be- cause we have missed her so much. She writes three or four letters to us every week. She had a Jubilee medal given - to her at Surrey Hills, but she lost it. H Councillor Rees distributed 00 medals at the Dry Diggings school, and Mr Green sent one home for Louie, so she shall get it when she comes back. Fanners in this district are putting in more crop H this year, because they think it will be HI a good price next year. I am glad Hel- J wyn Jackson liked my last letter. With H j love to Aunt Connie and all my little cousins. I remain, vnur nephew,— David Russell. H 