EARNING A LIVING IN CHINA. ! Strictly speaking, some earn more | than they ever receive ; while others ; are blessed with a " living " which . they never earn. Then, too, the word ' living conveys as many shades of ; ? meaning as there are classes and con- ? ditions of men ; but to the average ! 1 Chinese laborer the meaning is daily : supplies for daily necessities. The i [ Chinese are a people of marvellous j economy. They will support a family, ! famishing all that the household enjoys of food, shelter, and clothing, from a small garden which they call a farm, but which would not more than furnish an American family with early vegetables. Even in the cities the laboring people receive the merest pittance for tkoir work. 'How they manage to live, and even to look sleek and fat, upon the meagre fare which such wages can buy, is a marvel to Europeans, and even more so to Ame ricans. The following is a partial list of wages received in Canton, where the people are better paid than in many parts of China. A daily portion of rice is sometimes given in addition to the money. WAGES FOB SKILLED LABOR. (The dollar, 4s 2d.) Per month. Per month, dols. dols. Shoemaker .. 4*00 Designer .. 6*00 Blacksmith .. 5*00 Silversmith .. S'OQ Tine ivorr-carver 12*00 Painter .. 4*50 Tailor ~ _ .. 5*00 Coot .. 0*00 line embroiderer 4*00 "Many men, many minds," and many methods of making money. China, without doubt, has the many men; and, occupying as she does a midway position between barbaric and advanced nations, she ombraces the many methods which are employed by both kinds of people in earning life's necessities. The Chinese are as superstitious as an 3- race in Asia or even Africa : therefore they mvst support a great army of people to minister io these superstitions. In addition to their temples and pagodas, their monas asteries and priests-all of them re ceiving more, in proportion to the whole amount of money handled, than do the churches and ministers of Christ in Europe or the United States -the people of China support idol makers, geomancers, fortune- tellers, physiognomists, soothsayers, astro logers, and interpreters of dreams, an army of each. You find these people in all parts of China. Most of them look as though -it were no difficult matter to gain a living by their own. wit, or the lack of wit in others. The position which they oceupy is. above the artisan, but below the scholar or the priest. The idol-makers are frequently skilled workmen from the various trades. Some are fine ivory-carvers, j others silversmiths, blacksmiths, and wood-carvers. The skill of the wood carver is shown in the large, grotesque j figures upon the doors and near the ! entrances of temples. Instead of j copying .nature, they all burlesque: her handiwork. The fish idol, which is sometimes suspended from the eaves of temples, is an example of this grotesque style of work. The work man, who toils for days or even weeks to make one, does not attempt to pic ture any particular fish, but tries to carve out something which will frighten any timid worshipper. : He is not satisfied when he gives the. 'wooden iish a full set of shark's teeth ; he must add the large canine teeth of the savage quadruped. If the carver is working for merit, he may imagine any amount charged "to his account; but the actual wages-' which he receives will not bring Mm riches, though he may be better paid than one who carves tables and cabinets. Grsomancers are those who search out lucky places for the burial of the dead. There are more than th6 usual number of tricks to this trade, which only the Initiated understand. These diviners cany a compass, with which to locate relatively the positions of neighboring streams and hills. After various mysterious calculations, they select a spot and proceed to examine the soil with great care. Stony soil is condemned at once ; red earth is pronounced good; while it is still better if a stream of water Hows in that direction, or if the chosen location commands a broad'view. If the client is dissatisfied with the diviner's first choice, he must fee him handsomely before he will seek a more desirable spot. These tricksters earn a better living than the average workmeii, who support a large number of them in every Chinese province. The clever interpreter. of dreams has a profitable position, in the Orient where the people believe that each dream has a hidden meaning. If a vision is vivid, or deeply impressed upon the mind, the dreamer calls immediately upon an interpreter, who is not only able-for a fee-to reveal the meaning, but will sell a mystic scroll warranted to combat victoriously any threatening ill- luck. Another thing growing out of Chinese super stition which is a source of profit to many people is the spirit money. Festivals, high days and holidays, birthdays and times of mourning, "all call for supplies of this imitation cash. Spirit money is burned whenever offerings are made to gods or ances tors; for it is supposed to furnish disembodied beings with the " legal tender " of spirit land. Each night, householders, laborers, and tradesmen pay this tribute to the powers of the air. Although by no means monopo lising the trade, the single city of Shao- hing employs one hundred thou sand men, women, and children to manufacture cash for ghosts. The peculiar superstitions of China embarrass workmen in the pursuit of their ordinary trades. For exainule,' the carpenters and builders, though reeeiving better wages thau manv other workmen, must spend much of their earnings in heavy toll for the privilege of passing along the Chinese turnpike of superstition. In the first place they must exercise great care, when building a house, to select a ridge beam having neither cracks nor knots. One small hole is made therein and filled with gold leaf : then the beam is painted red. All this is sup posed to bring the future inhabitants riches and honor. A picture of ChoD° Wong-Yae, tho special god of carpen ters, is usually hung from tho rafters of a new house or one undergoing repairs. These portraits are rented" for a small sum, from tho priests at the temple of Chong-AVong-Yae, whither carpenters and builders re sort to make their offerings in order to ward off possible accidents. If a house is to be repaired, wonderful fore thought is necessary. The evil spirits which are supposed to occupy each dwelling that mortals have inhabited cause the carpenter no end of trouble and no trilling expense. First an astrologer must be consulted with re gard to the most lucky day for begin ning the work; then a square suspended from the ridge beam is a notification to the spirits of darkness that their dwelling place is to be | disturbed, therefore the square thing j for them to do is to move out quietly and peacefully. Next these carpenters j make offerings to the unseen, resi-! dents. These gifts seem to say, " If j you please, spirits of darkness, accept j this bribe and speedily take your j flight." Next the neighbors must be | ?warned that these evil influences are about to be turned loose, perhaps to seek shelter under a neighboring roof. Every house on that street receives a notice that upon a certain day and hour repairs are to begin on the dwelling of Ah Sin. Each household can. then pay the imps not to enter its doorway, but to go to the next neigh bor. .... The first person in all the world 'who raised silkworms for the purpose of robbing the cocoon of its soft covering was the Empress Si- Iinng-Chee, who roigned in China 2700 B.C. ? She is now worshipped as goddess of the silkworm. Once eaeh year a national festival is held in her honor. The reigning Empress and her maidens resort to the temples of Si-Lung-Chee, and pay her, in flowers and spirit money, an instal ment upon the debt which China owes to her ; for did she not make the important discovery whereby the poor may earn life's necessities and the rich may rustle in shining garments ? In the cities, trades of a kind are all of one mind in choosing a location. Even the hotels are usually grouped within a square or two of one another. Each one seeks to attract guests by high-sounding titles : for example in Canton are hotels which flaunt .the sigss of " The Fortunato Star," " The Golden Profits " (an unusually frank confesssion for a landlord to make), " The Rank-Conferring," and " The Happiness." The food i3 not so bad; but the traveller who goes to one of these houses to sleep will wish that he had gone to another. The bedrooms are small, thin-walled boxes, in which you may hear the breathing of your next neighbor, or be kept awake half the night by the conver sation of people at the other end of the hall, or worse still, be almost stifled by the smoke from an opium pipe which is being indulged in by the man across the passage-way. The tea saloons furnish employ ment to singers and ventriloquists, or elocutionists, who are hired by the proprietor to entertain the men who gather there to drink tea' and gossip. Upon small tables are placed trays holding a variety of cakes and pre serves, which are served with each cup of delicious freshly made tea. One liouse of entertainment peculiar to China is the dog-and-cat-meat restau rant. This does not mean that household pets are there brought to^ be fed, but that Tabby and Fido are served up in stews. According to prices charged for other food, these stews are rather expensive-especially if the cat or dog chanced to be black, and therefore more nutritious, according to popular notion. The following list was. copied from a Chinese sign: One small basm blaek cat stew octs Grease from black dog- .. -lots C2d). One pair black cat's eyes .. 4cts (2dJ. 