DAY OF EEST. A SERMON. [Preached toy the Bev. w. COorb, Hector *of All Saints* Church, Moonta»J winch things also we speak, not In words which man's wisdom teacheih, bnt which the Kpirit teacbeth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual. Mow the natural mau roceiveth not the things of the Spirit of God, for the; are foolishness unto Him, ami he cannot know them, because they are spiritually judged.—1 Cor. ii. 13-H (B. V.). The Apostle in this chapter declares that in bis preaching of the divine truth there iB something which cannot be understood bp . merely human wisdom, or interpreted merely j by the human reason. He does not claim for i himself cither excellency of speech or intellec tual superiority, yet in an emphatic manner says that both power and wisdom are in his 1 doctrine, ibid though, as a man, he was with the Corinthians in weakness, fear, and much trembling, yet that which he taught them was both superior to and more mighty than any thing else they wore acquainted with in all tne wisdom and philosophies of the Greeks. For Iub teaching was m demonstration of the Spirit and of power, that their faith might stand, not in the wisdom of men. but in the power of God. Such a statement lifts at once Christian truth and life out of tho merely intellectual and earthly, and gives it a divine and heavenly basis. He says, further, that only by those who have received the Spirit of God can such teaching be appreciated and understood, and that none of the rulers of this world had this wisdom, for had they knowu it they would not have crucified the Lord of Glory. The Apostle makes hers a sharp distinction between the spiritual man and the natural man. One possesses tho Spirit of God and illumination; the other the spirit of the world, and the mind is dark, knowing not spiritual truth. And this difference lies at tho founda tion of all Christian life. Tho pouring-out upon men of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost marked'the rebirth of humanity into a renewed state of being, a new kingdom of life, interpreting and applying to the minds of men the meaning of Christ's redemp tion. They who received tho Spirit realized in their consciousness their sonship with God, and He bore witness in their hearts to that glorious faet. And the fact is real, vital, conscious brotherhood with Jesus Christ tho Saviour of men. It is evident, then, that this higher or deeper knowledge of truth transcends the powers of the unaided mind. A teacher—not a more mail, not an emanation or an influence, but a divine person—was to take possession of men, purifying life, elevating humanity, per fecting character, and making real the life of God in man's soul. This is the office of tho Holy Spirit. Taking a broad view of this chapter and other such passages of Holy Scripture, wo find this truth taught, viz., that the lower does not get a knowledge of the higher but by revelation only. The revela tion comes down the order of intelligent beings. I suppose that an angel knows mau better than a man knows himself, and perhaps a higher order of angel knows tho lower order of angel better than the lower order knows himself. And it may he that the inferior cannot know the superior by any process of reasoning until a foundation for thought is given by revelation in some sort. However, of this wo are certain, wo know God only by revelation, and only so far as He has been pleased to make Himself known. "Canst thou by searching find out God, canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection?" The questions must no answered 111 the negative. And yet we know God. He has spoken to man, in ancient days, at sundry times, and in divers manners by the prophets, and in these last days Ho has spoken to us by His Son. And theso voices nro confirmed "by tho in dwelling of the Holy Spirit in the heart of awakened humanity since tho day of Pente cost. I will not ask you, this evening, to enter with ino into a dry discussion 011 tho inability of man's reasoning powers to discover spiritual and heavenly truths. The very fact that a revolation lias been given by God to man declares the necessity of the gift. God has done for us what was needful, and tho world is in possession of certain great truths not known to the heathen world, and these truths were delivered by men who professed to be sent by God, and to be His mouthpieces to the people. There is a nearer thought lying in our text, aud it is to this wo ask your attention. It is •—Can niau know the meaning of God's revela tion without the help of God's Spirit? Are tho natural powers of the mind—tne reason of man—sufficient to take up, examine, judge, and decide upon the truths of revelation? Can a man who is not a true Christian man, who does not love God or Christ, who does not believe in God or Christ, who is not in sym pathy with Christ's work, who is not trying to live a spiritual life—a life of faith, prayer, purity, obedience to spiritual law—can that man by any possibility enter into the meaning of God's word? Be careful how you answer these very important questions, for much depends upon how you do answer them. Shall I put them to you in plainer language, if that is possible? The text speaks of the natural mau knowing not the things of the Spirit, and iic cannot know them, because they are spiritually judged. What does that mean, but that tho natural man lacks tho spiritual faculty? And wanting it there can bp 110 true judgment. For example, would you ask a blind man to give you his opinion on colours or a deaf man to judge 011 musical Eounds? If not, why not? because they lack the faculty for judgment. Take then a man who has no faith in God, can he by any means form a judgment of saving faith, of a real trust in God? Can a man who has never, by the per versity of his will, allowed the love of God to subdue and transform his soul, cuter into the understanding of what God's' love is? There is a selfish man who loves himself better than all the world put together, and would put down, push aside, and trample upon everybody and everything to accomplish bis selfish ends" Can that man understand the love of God which gavo up tho only begotten and well-beloved Son to save men? There is another man who does not understand the meaning of the word sacrifice or self-denial. He never denied himself for anything or anybody. He lives to please him self, and has no true feeling for others. What can he know about Christ pleasing not Him self, denying himself, taking up the Cross, laying down His life and dying for others? Others we find who do not pray, do not seek God's face, hold no communion with spiritual powers, havo_ no desire for heavenly things; their souls thirst not for living waters, neither do their hearts hunger for the bread which Cometh down from heaven. Can wo tako such people's judgment in regard to "the things of the spirit of God." And what shall we say of those who delight in wickedness, who sin with systematic persistence day by day, who never seek the divine pardon, but live oil their days after the flesh. Can thev judge of spiritual things? if so, by what faculty? An unrepentant man cannot judee of godly sorrow for sins an unbeliever knows nothing of the vital principlo of faith. The habitual liar can never sit on the solemn I judgment seat and decide on the merits of truth. Then there is the man of pleasure, who loves this world only, seeks all his delight in it, puts all his faith in it, hopes all things from it, giyea all his time to it, feels only its demoralizing spirit, is fascinated by it, en chained to jt, and whose whole thought and conduct are governed by it—is ho a capable judge of spiritual things? Can he instruct us in saving truths and holy life? Is he not blind to the heavenly light, and deaf to' the harmonies which rule in i God's song of redemption? May we ! not, then, "answer the quetion, whether the natural, reason of man can be a true judge in spiritual things, with an I emphatic negative? Spiritual things are I judged by spiritual faculties. I grant you that reason may decide on the mere formal | statement of these things, but spirituality only I grasps the essence. There is an awful reason in human life to account for this inability. The reason is sin. That clement is the most patent fact in the moral history of man, and | it has left him.helpless and degenerate. And I would further observe that man must not seek in the truths of revelations the difficulties which baffle his reason, so much as in the I reason itself, which has been more or less j blinded and has suffered deterioration through I sin. Now tho doctrine of the Bible is -that God comes to man's help and gi ves him the spirit of wisdom and understanding; and the true way to a real spiritual experience. is submission to that spirit's teaching. Let me illustrate this as briefly as I can. The text speakB of comparing spiritual things with spiritual; or, as the marginal read ing has it, interpreting spiritual tilings to spiritual men. Not simply, I take it, the facts of experience only, but also the facts of faith and of revelation. Say, the Old Testament with the New; the types with the antitypes, the figures with the facts, the I shadows of good things to come with the substance; the law of Moses with tho Gospel of Christ; and prophecy with fulfilment. And we find out that there is a great advance from the Old Testament to the New, aud that one is greater than tho other. But who will tell man this? for it is necessary that he should know the difference and accept this advancement in divine revelation. When Philip joined_ himself to the eunuch who sat reading in his chariot, and said to him "Ohderstandest thou what thou readest?" he said, "llow can I except some man shall guide me? .... I pray thee of whom sjieaketh the prophet this? Of himself or of some other man?" It was then that Philip, being sent and taught by the Spirit, taught the man who was a seeker after truth, and he was baptized into the faith of Christ. And we know also that for the want of this spirit of judgment or discernment many mis taken notions were abroad in the time of our Lord and of the early Church. Hence the mistakes of the disciples on he nature of Christ's kingdom, making it earthly instead of heavenly, political instead of spiritual, local instead of universal. Again, the unassisted reason of man does not always rightly judge between the quality of truths and of moral and religious acts. All truths are not equally valuable, though each has its own particular value and its own place in the system of truth to which it belongs. As to the value of truths. It is trite to remark that a uian may pot be a Christian though he is moral in his life, but cannot be a Christian unless ho is moral. Yet tho simple distinction is frequently lost sight of, or, indeed, denied. There may also be found those who reject as " gospel" a sermon which treats of dishonesty, the sin of lying, drunken ness, selfishness, uncleanness, or any other form of "moral" evil. Preach, say they, the "Gospel" to us, and not these things, thus undervaluing or misplacing truths which must have place and power in Christian character. Other truths have also in turn been under or over valued or misplaced in religions life. As, for example, the doctrine of faith and good works, each right in its place, but comparatively valueless when taken out of its proper setting in the system of truth. So also the Deity and humanity of Our Lord. To put one in the place of the other, or to entirely separate them, would rob the Christian religion of its strength and beauty. Much confusion has often risen also in connection with the doctrine of the Holy Trinity where proper_ formal distinctions have not been observed in the relation of each person's work in the economy of salvation. The same may be said about the doctrines of faith and man's uses of thoin, as, for example, where efficient and instrumental causes have been confounded. Man not infrequently pays tithes of mint, cuuimm, aud anise, and leaves unheeded the weightier matters of tho law. But besides the quality of truths, I wish to observe that the spirit of our actions in Christian life is to be properly discerned and rightly understood. It must be evident to all Bible-readers that what was allowed in the Old Testament dispensation is not allowed in the New—neither as to actual morality, nor to the spirit of a man's mind. Take as an ilius- j tration of this some of the Psalmist's prayers j against his enemies. "Give them according to their deeds, and according to the wicked ness of their endeavours. Give them after the work of their hands; render to them their deserts." " Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul, let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt. Let them bo as chaff before the wind, and let the angel of the Lord chase them. Let their way be dark and slippery, and let the angel of the Lord persecute them." These only from many instances. Put our Lord's teaching alongside these imprecations. " I say unto you, love your enemies, blessthem that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven." Take again Elijah's calling down fire from heaven to destroy the two companies of fifty men and their captains. That was permitted, was the act of one of the holiest and mighty men of God. But when the Samaritans refused to receive Christ into one of their villages, and John and James in anger against them said, " Lord, wilt tliou that we command fire to come down from heaven and consume them, as Elias did?" the Lord turned and rebuked them, saying, " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of; for the Son of Man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." They had not yet received the discerning and true spirit of judgment. The force of this argument is more strik ingly mauifest_ when we carry it into the region of Christian experience. Yon must know that a man may be nominally a Christian but not one vitally. He may have the form of godliness but not the power. That is to say, his intellect may have assented to formal statements and principles of truth; but there he has stopped. The essence of the truth, its spiritual energy, he knows nothing of; he has never realized it in his life. Why is this? Reason has done its duty as far as it could. It has examined these truths, seen their beauty, reasonableness, and fitness for life, andacknow ledged them; but that was tho limitation of its powers. There arc facts of Christian con sciousnesa lying beyond the province of reason with which reason has nothing to do, and can never handle. But iet me warn you_ at this point when I use the words "experience of religion" _ I am not speaking of a life of emotion, of strong and excited feeling, uncontrolled ecstasy, or anything of tbo exaggerated sort which so often passes by the name of " having religion." That may lie the purest animalism, or naturalism run riot, and Jfi only a travesty of pure religion and unde filed before God and the Father. What is meant by "experience" is a man's sober realization of an indwelling spiritual power of holiness—a life conscious of communion with God; a life deeper and higher and fuller than the natural life. It has its roots in God ; a simple trust, a childlike dependence, a spiritof love and of obedience. It looks to Him for pardon of sin, grace, guidance, and spiritual knowledge. And all this not contrdictory of reasoD, but only carrying the life forward, where reason cannot lead, but carrying reason with it that it also may partake of divine light and power. This experience of religion is a fact testified to by God's saints in the long history of "the holy Church throughout all the world," and this is the conscious Christian life, the indwelling of that light which lighteth every man that coineth into the world. It differs from the mere natural man as the living body does from the dead body, or as mere intellect differs from the energy of the Spirit of God. The Apostle says these things are not re ceived by the natural man; they are foolishness to him. He does not aceept them, though offered, because ho has no appreciation of them. He counts them foolishness. They are beyond his present knowledge, and he is not blessed with a hunger and thirst after righteousness. But why are the things o{ the Spirit foolishness to some men? Do they mean to say that because they have no knowledge of them therefore they cannot be known? But that itself is a foolish and unreasonable position to take up; for if a man have lasted honey, surely no one can convince him that he does not know what sweetness as. Experience in this caiinot be set aside by another man's ignorance. A blind man says, "1 know nothing of the beauties of the world, the sunlight, the flowers, the starry sky, the moon walking in brightness, the glories of the landscape; how can you?" And he laughs at you for asserting what you most surely see and know. Would you accept that judgment? Have you not eyes to Bee? Don't you know there are beauties all around you? Would you give them up because a poor blind man says ho docs not see them? When St. Paul says, "Eye bath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered the heart of man the things which God hatli prepared for them that love Him. But God hath revealed tbem unto us by His Spirit," have wo any ground for saying that Paul was talkiug foolishness. Again, when ho says, "We glory in tribulation also, knowing that tribulation workcth patience, and patienco experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because tbo love of God is sliel abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us," is lie not speaking the sober language of things which he knew—the facts of experience—and can anybody who has not that experience say they are not true?_ There is a simple law of fact in the physical life where the weak man cannot understand the forces of the strong man; tbo same in intel lectual life, where the untutored mind caunot follow the man of education and culture. So also in morality, where the base and unclean soul has no appreciation of the man - of noble sentiments, lofty motives, and virtuous_ con duct. And there is a region of experience which transcends and goes deeper than mere morality or pure intellect, whero man lives in conscious fellowship with God, receiving the things of the Spirit, walking in the Spirit, and bringing forth the fruits of the Spirit. In conclusion, I trust it has been made clear that in religious matters the unaided human judgment is not infallible, or even competent to attain to perfect righteousness. Sin, an awful indisputable fact in human life and conduct, cannot bo overlooked when we are dealing with spiritual and eternal things. Its presence is a disturbing element, and it has seriously interfered with the magnetic needle in the guiding compass of the bouI, bo that in our voyage over the troubled and dark sea of life man nas no certainty that he will steer straight for the port of Heaven without a Pilot who is wiBer and more skilful than himself. We have seen that the human judgment is —(I.) Defective. It lacks knowledge. It knows not the things of God, and for the soul to bo without knowledge is not good. No judgment can be reliable which proceeds in ignorance. 2\. It is also erratic. It often puts wrong for right, sin for holiness, darkness for light, and error for truth. The murky darkness of sin confuses and misleads man in his travels to eternity. Ho errs and goes astray like a lost sheep. 3\. It is also wilful. _ It persists in its own strength, and relies on its own powers, blinded by the god of this world. It does not submit itself to God's righteousness, but seeks to establish its own; and it passes on from igno rance to error, from error to wickedness, from wickedness to obduracv, "Having the under standing darkened, being alienated from the life of God, through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their hearts." But we have seen also that God does not leave man alone in darkness and helplessness. "The people which sat m darknesssawagreat light, and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death, to them did light spring up." To this light men'are called that they may walk in it and not stumble. It is the light of life—for faith, knowledge, aud conduct. By this light men receive, know, aud do the things of God. For the Spirit enters the submissive heart, illuminates, guides, cheers, and con strains to willing obedience. This is the help of God for man. He who receives the Spirit shall know the truth as it is in JeBus, for He takes of the things of Christ and shows them unto us. And believing thus in man's inability to save himself and his need of spiritual illu mination and guidance wed o not cease to pray: God, who at this timed idstteach the heartB of Thy faithful people bv the sending to them the light of Thy Holy Spirit, grant us by the sarao spirit to have a right judgment in all things, and evermore to rejoice in His holy comfort through tho merits of Jesus Christ our Saviour. Anieu. 