THE FIRST STORT. Before we look into the facts it is worth while to notice the different styles in which the Camp belltown legend has been dressed up. In the . *36 version, which Mr. Ottway follows, Fisher is represented as a convict, who had served his time, and acquired property; but having taken to drink and got into debt, he is lodged in gaol by a creditor for £150'. While in that plight one of his boozing friends, named Worral, suggests that he might get himself out of trouble by mak ing a friendly transfer of his property to him, on the understanding that it should be retrans fe^red when the storm has blown over. Deeds are exchanged accordingly; the creditor, finding that his debtor has nothing, consents to release him; and Fisher hereupon returns to his home. About a week after this event Fisher disap pears one evening, and next day Worral returns from Sydney, and reports that they had gone there together, Fisher to take his passage in a ship for England and his friend to see him off. The reason given for his sudden departure is that his creditor had again become troublesome, and had threatened to lock him up a second time. This story satisfies the village gossips, and Wor ral, producing the deed signed by Fisher, takes possession of his property. Some six weeks afterwards one Hurley, a neighboring settler (a disguise for Farley), who tad- known Fisher well, on his way back at night from Campbelltown to his home, observes the figure of a man sitting on the top of a fence about five to eight hundred yards from Fisher's resi dence. On approaching' the figure he distinctly recognises his old friend; but the ghostly ap pearance he presents strikes a chill to his heart, and deprives him of the power of speech. As he gazes, horrorstruck and stupefied, the figure slowly rises from the fence, waves its arm in the direction of a small dry creek crossing the pad dock, and gradually disappears, apparently fol lowing the windings of the channel. Staggering from the spot, Hurley makes his -Way to the nearest house, and on reaching the door faints dead away, striking his head with so much force against it that the noise brings the inmates out. Finding him unconscious they carry Tiim in and put him to bed; but, in stead of recovering, he is seized with a brain fever, and in his ravings speaks so much about Fisher that those who hear him begin to wonder iwbat nas happened. Not until the ninth day af ter his arrival at the house does he regain his usual health; and the first thing he does is to _ ask that William Howe, superintendent of po lice for the district, should be sent for at once. As soon as the sick man has related his adven ' ture, Howe forms a search party of constables, Including a black tracker named Gilbert; and setting out with Hurley as guide to the spot where the ghost was seen, the particular rail of the fence is identified at once. - On examining it spots of blood are discovered on it by Howe; but as no further sign of murder is seen there, they follow the course of the creek pointed out by the apparition. The season being dry, water is found only here and there in small ponds, each cf which is probed by Gilbert's spear, but he shakes his head,, until they come to a much larger one, when his eyes sparkle, and he cries out, *'White man's fat, sit down there.' Standing on the bank, he thrusts his spear in the water, and pointing to a particular spot, says, 'White man there.' The constables clear away the water, and ' on digging in the sand they come upon the remains of a man greatly decomposed. Taking it for granted that the body belonged fo Fisher, and that Worral was his murderer, Howe arrests him at once, and brings him before the magistrates, when he is committed for trial. Under the impression that he has no chance of escape, he confesses his guilt, and a few weeks afterwards is hanged, 'imploring with his last breath the forgiveness of his Maker.' The motive suggested for the crime is tie idea ?&at; Fisher, overjoyed at the success of their scheme for defrauding his creditors, forgot to obtain possession of the deed he had signed; wiiile. Worral, having the deed, resolved either to get back from him the document binding him to re-convey, or else to get him out of the way al together. Fisher's release from gaol being un expected, he decided to kill him; and, being much in his company by- day and night, he seized his opportunity one evening when he saw him lean ing against the fence. Taking up a broken panel, he stole quietly behind him, and with one blow killed him; and then carrying the dead body to the creek, buried it deep in the sand, -where it ;was found. Such was the story as it was tola by the Camp belltown villagers only ten years after the deadly deed was done, when the chief persons concern ed in the drama were fresh in their recollection, and they could point out to the dusty traveller from Sydney 'a large unfinished brick building, fast mouldering to decay,' which had been put up by Fisher for a store; as well as an adjoining cottage, in which he iived, and of which scarcely a trace remained. There is no pretence to ac curacy in the narrative; while many of the inci dents are absurdly improbable. But these ab surdities do not lessen its interest; its very sim plicity, its child-like indifference to fact; and, above all, its absolute faith in the ghost, who figures in it just as naturally as any other char acter, lend a charm to it which no artifice could give. 