ECHOES OP SPORT. THE CALENDAR. . KACimi. October 9— Qreeford. ' October 22— MorpetK f entries 16tb. October 2G— Newcastle { entriop, Ootober 20. November 0— Ourimbah (unregiatered). : Nov. 9, 10— Northern Jockey Club ; Nov. 2B, 24— Taniworth. , '' ? Jan. 26— Northern Jockey Club, ATHLETICS. November 0— Morpeth Friendly Societies. The useful Horten«iu8, by Nookersgat from Hortense, has been sold to go to Tndia. The next race meeting of the Tamworth Jookey Club has been fired for November 23 and 21. ?The racehorse Talavem ia in work again at Bandwick after a reBt. Ha ia a very fair animal when well. . .' Eastern King (Sunrise — Gklnni Ghinni) who ran well at the recent Temora meeting, has been added to VV. Millor'a Btrihg at Koauhill. News from Pe» th a'tatos ',' that the colt Kilt, seriously injured by being aooidently staked in the shoulder some weeks' back, has quite recovered, and Bolger again has the son of Lochicl in work. Buy Sal, who' won the October Handicap at Brisbane Tattersall'a races' un Saturday last is said to have changed hands for £200 immediately prior to tbat event. Mr.P. C. Cox ia mentioned as the purchaser, ' \ In Victoria the new ralga of raoing come into force this week. Under theae rules' each jockey is supposed to ride his horse out for a plnoe, and' some ourioRity is folt'as to how tho' new rule will work at.Cnulfield on Saturday, The American horse Biakka is paying his way in England, his latest ^ucoesB being in the Peveril of tbo Peak' Stake?, a mile handioap' at the Derby Soptembei' meotiug. He carried top' weight, 8st 13lb, and starting at 100 to'l^.won by a neok. The irrepro3Bible ' Billy Miirph'y' is at present in England] and h?* issued a oballvnge to fight all comers at 8b 1 101b. As the' Old.Country is simply teeming; with liliputipn 'boxers and/,' The Tornado' is only the ghost.'Of 'hia fprtnor greatness ho will probably moot his match. ' . .:' ' . ;; Local oycliets intend conducting a paper ohaao on Tuesday evening, and I understand, ft is not to be confined to members ot, the local branob of the Leagued The '/affair is a 'novelty : in Maitland, and, as a versatile reporter would Bay, ' it Bhould take rwell and give pleasure to 'all.1' , ?,? \- The Wagga Wagga racehbrEO Konning haa taken np quarters in the metropolis, Sphnva the good looktng/Woagong, by Sir Oliver; (ind the twoyear old' GoBBoon — Lava fitly \ Kulahi, who are now iu J; Gough'g vtable at Band'wiqkV ', The latter waB eold at tho Bandwick autumn' sales, to Mr, Mate, forSOg's. .'.???'?.? -i. ?:(-.?',':. X''- ' Tho; Newoaat'.e Jockey Clttbia oub with a pro gramme for its race meeting,'on'-'.the 26th inatanb, Eight-hours Day. '. Tho bill of-'fara'ia made up of the .Shorts of -83O, the Flying Handicap of 425, the October' Handicap of £50, tlia Park Stakes of £25, and, the Welter of £30. : Eatirlos are due with Mr, Fleming on the 20th. . ' /' The Hon. W. A. Long.'is of opinion that The Barb. was tho boat stayer, ever seen in Auatralia, and next to him he ranks Grand Flaneur nod First King, Sotnp;of the tales that Jimmy Ash worth was wont to toll of how the blaofe' demon could stay and pallop wore sufficient to /mak.o one'a head resemble the back of the frotful porcupine. Craig', the Scottish distance champion runner, othorwiBO known aa Tinoler, and Connoff, obampion of America, ran a milo on the'2lBt August at Wor cester, Maes. . Tincler won by a remarkable burst of speed 'in 'the very fast time of 4min. lSi^secs., a record that has novor bean equalled by amateur or professional in a publio oomputition iu Araenoa. Canon Berry, of tho Melbourne Anglican Church (says n contemporary) ia tbo dund iinnga of Fitzsitnmons, and many yeara ngo when Fitz nimmoaa was tnoruly a huuiblo worker in the ring, tbo rev. gentleman was ascbetod in Collina-stroot by a gaudy individual with a huge cigar and diamonds. 'Blirao, Bob!' he said, 'I know I iiin't soon yer for a month, or two, but I'm blowed if I.ovor thought nB 'ow you'd turnod parson.' Tho following acratohinga woro rocordod in Mel bourne yesterday in connection with bhe V.A.T.C: jaeotiuK,: — Tooiak Handicap: Devoted, Parbhcno pioua, Ve|ooo, Batqhioa, Foroignpr, Arohw. Lee, Survivor, The Captain, Sortie-, Trent, Looknmitb. Caulfield Quinoaa : Tho Bohemian Girl, Zitelln, and Metford. First Stooplcchaso: Nimrod. Debutante Stakos: Sensation, Thera, Mont-i Bosa. Caulfield Cup: Arohio Lee, Lookamith, Newman, Excol, and Sabrina. Lord ,Salinbury has btion soratohod for the Melbourne Cup, nnd lina deolarod forfoib for tho Derby. The latest Duokenfiold Park foalingB to dato are — Mine Thitzn, by doldabroujh, filly by Emnloy; Wild Fire (imp.), by Wild Oata, colt by Modallion ; Frivolous, by Crown Prince, colb by tho Australian Peer; Beatrico, by ? Gnlrlabrouifh, filly by Grtmd mitatiT | Ophelia, by Hamlet, filly by Tho Austra lian Poor ; Mormaid, by Barbarian,, colt by BusBluy j Gonarloo, by Guinma-di-VorBy, filly by Tho Aus tralian Peer ; Col/ira, by Talk o' tho Hill, oolt by The Australian Poor i Sunroy, by Kinvsborbugh, colt by Tho Auatralian Peor. All the stoak look woll. Ycstordsy being tho Jitwish Day of Atonomont, tho Molbourno butting market was quiet. Nor' EaBb wbb backsd for the Caulfied Cup for £1000 at, 100 to 5, and Birkagato was befriended ab 100 bo 24 for 'a. nluiilnr amount. Tho doubles B^sella nnd Toraudor, and Parbhonoptotis nnd Toreador wero backed for £S0QO,,n,ndlll£6O0O was bookod againat Mr. Hordern'a 'pair, Nqr'tEaBt nnd Toreador coupled. For the Melbourne Cup, Toreador waB backed for about £3000 at [,100 to G, A oommia aionor' waa anxious to tako £5000 to £250 aboub Trent for ouch, of tho two Pupa, but no business ri'suitod, Pricfls wero unofinnnorl, oxcapfc Nor' EdRb to 100 to 0 for tho Oaujfiuld Cup, and Toran dor to 100 to G for the Melbourne Cup. ^ Tim VAanANT. 