FIOTION THE MYSTERY OF MILLICENT MANOR. A millionaire with a young, pretty, nccom plishod, marriageable daughter is perhnpsonc if the most attraotlvo magnets that tho world boasts. Henry Hudson, tho great dealer in West AuHtralian mining sharcK, was Ruch a ttinn, who had the equal clique of sycophants He was a shrewd but kindly person, with ono great lustrous guiding atar In life. It was for Mlily, his mothcrloss daughter, that ho had ammassed bis pllo of wealth, for hor that ho bad soheroed and fought and rjukqd iramoneo sums In speculation. His wholo lifo was wrapped in his only ohild. IIo eared little for London save as tho mart whoroin he hod mndo hi million, and whero ho doilv ropaircd to add to it. So llttlo, In deed, that be had not a honeo in town : but a moro palatial and charming residence than MUioont Manor in Surrey, within a short dis- tanoo of Hasleraoro, tbcro was not ; and MiUy was mistress of this beautiful mansion. Like hor fnthor, she preferred tho quiet and seclu sion of a country life to tho whirl and - bustle And fashion and wlokcdncfm of tho great city, although an occasional visit to it afforded pleasure to bor. To Millicont Manor were invited Henry Hudson's iotimatn friend, and there they woro entertained In a princely fashion. Milly had numorous admirers nnd woald-bo lovers, amongst whom were wealthy men, but sho cared not for ono of them, and hor fathur was more than pleased at tho fact. In truth tbcro was not a suiter as yet to his own particular liklog, although he intended tho girl to ohooso for boreolf, with but tho least advioo (and that only if asked for) from himself. Ho did notdeslre to' soo hor wed to a wealthy man unless ideal accomplishments and good charaotor woro embodied therewith ; ho had rathor a poor husband with sterling virtues and kindly, lovablo dualities for Milly. Ho had recently tnkon a great liking to a young, rising barrister, who had con ducted a sensational law enso for bim, and who hod won it against scomlngly long odds. A technical action involving well nigh a quarter of a million of money had been brought against Hudson and, by tho skill and forensio ability of Hammond Hall, ono of the youngest ana most brilliant men at tho Car, a vcrdtot bad boon returned for tho do- fondant. The millionaire and tho barristorhad oomo considerably in contaot during tho ense, and the more the speculator saw of hisco'unoil the morn ho liked nlm. Tall, handsome, and with feature that looked quite olasio (Hamond Hall was a man whoso faco Improved wonderfully from the fnot of it being oloan shaven), bright eyas, and a truthful, searching expression ; such was the man that Henry Hudson now thought so much of, and whom ho had asked down to Millicont Manor for a few days. Hamond Hall sat in his chambers in tho Toinplo nod read tho millionaires invitation two or three times. Ho could not dcoido whether to aooept It or not. He hated to be thought a sycophant and, in truth, ho had nopartioular liking for the self made money man. Cultured, clever, well read, nrtietio himself, ho had found modern millionaires wofully lacking In these qualities; however, Hudson had struck blm as being somewhat different from tho ordinary run of City magnates, and so finally ho decided to acoopt tho invita tion. ho muBt go North for a few days, but on the following Friday he would bo bnok in town and at liberty to visit Millicont Manor after Lady Eldon's reooptlon. Ho replied to Hud son to this effoot, and said ho would come down on tho Friday ovening by tho Inst train. Havlog finished hie loiter, ho 6uddo»ly re membered an nppointmont, and boforo ho had tlrao to put too noto in an envelope, ho hastily loft his room, toiling his olork in tho outor apartmont that ho would roturu within half an hour. \- Twonty minutes bad baroly elapsed, how- over, when the Invitation was again read and tho reply to It carofully soannod. Honry Hudson was delighted to rcceivo tho favornblo answer, and ho raised a glorious oxpeotanoy, a longing looking forward, a pleasing anticipation, on tho part of Milly, for whom ho painted a glowing pioturo of tho coming visitor. In faot, sho hoard so muoh about this young barrister that her ouriosity was cioitcd to a high tension. Her fnthor wroto and asked Hamond if ho could not pos sibly mako It oonvonlcnt to drive down from tho City with him at an earlier hour on Friday, but, If not, a carringo would bo at tho station at Midnight to meet him. Tho reply was Apologetic and explanatory. Lady Elaon had boon a good frlond to him by inllnonoing many briefs on his behalf, so that lio must attend her reooptlon. Ho would send his traps down early in the day and come himself in the late evening. Tho millionaire deoided not to invito any- onoelso during Hamond's stay so that Milly and he might enjoy his society all to thorn- solves. On tho Monday ovening, tho day Hamond had been originally asked to visit the Mllli- cent Manor, a great politioal meeting was to tako place In tho neighborhood, at whioh Hudson wns announced to speak, and it had been his wish that tho young barrister should he present to hoar him. This man of vast wealth was not free from vanity (how very few muob lessor lights are), and to havo earned ooomiums from suon an orator as Ilaniond would havobreated the zenith of his delight; judge then of his ngreenbio surprise whon, on this very night, just as ho and Milly were sitting down to dinnor, a telegram arrived, worded ab follows M Will arrive at 7.80. Trust convenient to you, Hamond Hall." Father and daughter woro ovorjoyed. A oonveyanoo was soon waiting at the railway to meet the visitor, who duly arrived, and was driven smartly to Millicont Manor by its owner. Milly fell In lovo with tho guest at first sight. Sho bad novor soon a mau sho liked bettor, and her truo, honest, Innocent heart wont out to htu secretly boforo ho had beon many hours in hor homo. Sho was as puro and gcntlo and kind and lovablo as Charles Diokon's Esther. Tho political mooting was a groat success, and the millionaire was duly congratulated on what Hamond described ns "awcii thought out, oxccllontly dollvorcd, aud enthusiastically rccoivod specon." lie hud boon onablod to vlwlt them so un expectedly, ho oxplained by tho fnot of tho person 1)0 had intended to go North to soo having come to town, and, furthermore, by Lady Eldon bolng obliged to abandon hor re ception owing to a death In tho fnmilv. Tho days that followod were enjoyed immctifioly by thogucbt, but not moro so than by Milly and hor fathor. Driving, boating, fishing, riding, golf, and a little shooting, to say nothing of the milder out-door nmusomonts of tonnis and oyoling, were indulged in ; aud Milly joined in them ...» , uuu lu iuu oiuu.ufco iuubiu, uuwarus, ana tho smoko-room wore tho attractions, tho latter being tho only luxury debarred bv tho young lady, whoso fathor was delighted to ob- servo that which ho had hoped for, nearlng a favorable climax, viz., an engagement bo- tween tho barrister and his darling daughter. Each ovoning when ho aud Hamond sought tho smoke-room for a yulct dhoussioa of the weed and a chat, tho conversation veered more and mote Into the channel ho desired, and he hoped nnd believed that before his guest returcd to town he would havo asked his daughter's hand, '.'and,' said tho mil lionaire, " should ho do so, 1 shall imme diately present him with this, tho envy of tho City," taking from hid scarf n solitaire, in which war Ret a diamond of itnmcnso size, that flashed nnd sparkled brilliantly. On ono occasion FTamond naked Milly if she would drive to the station with him as he ex pected some luggngc there, ho having sent to town for a few things. She agreeably consented, and, furthermore, drove a pair of high-steeping bays horsclf with skill and grace. It was during' the return journey, on an ideal August afternoon, when the charming Surrey surroundings were bathed in a glorious sunshine, when the soft balmy air was redolent of Bwectbrlnr and honeysuckle, when the waving corn war studdlcd with poppies, that Hamond tenderly took tho rolns from Miily's pretty hands, and bringing tho horses to a standstill, invited her to the shado of a fine old onk, whero ho pleadingly nnd eloquently asked her to bo his wife. Hor reply was a silent one. Her nsunlly lustrous but now be- dimmed eves snoke it : nnd Hnniond claimed her to his brenst nnd longingly kissed the nectar of her benutifui, charming lips. Tho happy now6 was received by her father with eostasy, and thnt saino ovening an earlier adjournment than usual (after tho newly botrothed pair bad sung sweet songs and pinyed duets) was made to tho smokeroom, with tho object of a discussion on the future by tho two gentlemen. Boforo Milly, radiant with sm1es, said good night, she witnessed tho presentation to her lovor of tho diamond solitaire, which she knew bnd been valued at over £1,000. Tho cosy littlo smoke-room adjoined the billiard room, in a wing of tho mansion that hnd only recently been added by Its present owner. A door, in tho latter apartment .opened into a conservatory, through which tho grounds eoutd bo reached. The bodrooms wero situated in a different part of the establishment (save those nbovo the billiard-room which wero only used on rnra occasions, and when all tho others were engaged) ; and as Miily's father slept in a room very near hers, and as the apartment allotted to their present guest wns also in the immediate neighbourhood, she used to lie awake and listen for tho footsteps of the two gentlemen as they walked quietly along tho corridor. To- night sho could not havo successfully courted sleep, however much sho might havo endeavoured She was too excited, too happy. Her thoughts were sweetly wrapped in the great event of tho dny and In the ideal future thnt awaited her ; nnd so she lay nnd built great cnstles, tho king of whicH, the hand- some, good, clover king, wns smoking tho pipo of ponce with her father downstairs. Tho hours seemed to slip away, and yet no sounds reached her of retiring feet. How Into they were to-night : rather how early this morning, as it must be nenrly two o'clock. Ah, well, they had much to talk of and was it not a special occasion ? ' A happy Idea occurred to hor. Sho would pop downstairs and give them a surprise ; she would play tho ghost and test thoir nerves. Dressing herself In white llimsy gnrmonts, she quietly stolo out of hor bedroom, and from tho corridor window looked out on tho first fnint streaks of daylight in tho heavens. Sho folt llko fair Juliet, and if only hor Romeo hnd been beneath with oulrotahcd-nrms tho scene would havo beon complote, Throwing opon tho window she allowed the soft breeze to fan her flushed chocks nnd to gently wave hor long auburn trossew. The morning was calm, still, nnd sad the first signs of coming day : tho slowly evolving horizon from dark- ness to 6treaky grey always oreates an im pression of melancholy in tho contemplative, ovon in thonowly-bctrothed, midst their brim ful happinoss. Sho board tho olooks strike two, and then timidly, ns quietude reigned so supremly in tho great mansion, sought the smoko-room door. Sho almost wished sho had not under taken tho experiment now, as, somehow, sho seemed frightened at hor own shadow. Sho stood and listened, expecting to hear her beloved ones' voices.. Not a sound 1 They must havo both fallen nslcop. Sho strAinpd her oars again. Tho perfect stillness bconmo painful. They had scon borooming and wero having a joko with hor. Sho smiled at the thought, quietly turned tho handle of tho door and slowly entered thoroom. Tho lamp, over whioh hung a orlmson shado, burned brightly, but no father, no lover. An awful shriek broko from Milly aa Bho saw her fathor lying in a oornor of tho room in a great pool of blood, his anguished features torriblo to look upon, his shirt front' tho color of tho lamp shade. A piercing, nitltful. honoloRa cry, eohocd nnd m-celiocd through tho great mansion, rousing every inmnto and causing the oneqjng of doors nnd' tho rushing of feet and tho congregation of exoited servnnts. They stood aghast, horrorstrlokon, terrified. Tho butler, moro courageous than tho rest, approached his master, raised his blood bo- sprinkled head and pronounced him dend. "Hun for Hall, quiok?". criod Milly. They sought Hamond's bed room. Ho was not Uiero. Thoy searched tho mansion and called his name at tho top of their voices, hut no answer. What could it all mean? WllPCft WAR tin 9 Wfini-n nlcn wits tk. (...I murdoror, whoever ho or sho might bo ? Tho door lending from tho conservatory into tho garden was opon. Tho nssnsin must havo loft tho house that way. Tho grounds were senrohod, tho police wero sent for, tho neighborhood was raised. The hue and ory wns soon in full swing. Milly, beside herself with bitter criof. cried hysterically, for if Hnniond, Hamond " If only ho woro near- her to sooth, and sympathise, and suggest; but her future hus band enmo not. A thorough sonroh of tho distrlot was mndo by police, servants, and neighbours, who hnd formed thninielves'into littlo parties, eaoh going in a different direction- Poor Milly, completely prostrate, had beon carried to her room. For hours, until tho morning sun wns shining brilliantly on tho excited explorers, until tbo sky was n perfect blue, untll'tho surrounding landscape wns a picture to look on, sought the groups of augry, sorrowful pcoplo, without success. They were just about' to cease their labours whon, In a deep grass-covered gutter at tho sldoof tho main road loading to tho railway station a horrid discovery was made. There lay, amidst tangled herbage and trickling water, faco umvnrds. tho bodv nf tho young barrister, besmeared in blood, stabbed to tho heart, and In his right hand holding tightly a stained stiletto. Ho woro a thin ooat over his ovoning dress garments, and spavkliug brilliantly from his goro-spattered breast, vlcling, as it wero, with the sun's rays, was that prcoious diamond solitaire. So shocked, so bewildered, so horror stricken were the discoveries of this further tragedy that thoy could but stare vacantly ut one another whilo thoy wondered if tho whole wretched work was not a wild nightmare. Conjectures were now rifo, and, although thoy feared to express definite opinions, tho general belief of those standing liy was tljat the distinguished guest at Millicont Manor was a murderer and suioido. After the nolico examination and report thoro wns no longer any doubt. The millionaire's safo containing n goodly sum of money, besides most of Miily's valuablo jewels, and documents galore, had beon robbed wholesale, and, in the pockets of Hamond Hall many of the papers were found, although oash nor precious ornaments were in hiB possession. The oxtrunrdlnnrc- nffnir wno v.ii.,1 t_ mystery, nnd the whole country became ab sorbed in the grent Surrey tragedy. Detectives from Scotland Yard took tho" case up but failed to throw any light on it, although they wero convinced that the man who murdered Henry Hudson was his gqest and prospective son-in-law. Ibp euiim we, yon had killed both, not) ,t was undoubtedly tho stiletto found In tho hand of Hall. Tho dcopcr ono thought of the affair, with its extraordinary ravcllings, possibilities, laok of motive (as tho barrister was found to have plenty of money at his bankers, and the brightest of prospects for tho future), the more enshrouded in impenetrable mystery it becamo until, like the greatest sonsation than ever was, tiino softened and partially obliterated the memory of tho outside world townrd It, and tho Milliccnt Manor murder becamo numbered with the undiscovered crimes. But tho most expert detectives ad mitted thnt they had never heard of a moro complex or moro mysterious affair. Tho shock to poor Milly's'syslem nearly killed hei-; in foot, for months sho lay at death's door, and when, eventually, sho re covered, she decided to go abroad for some years so that she might be as far from the sceno of tho terrible tragedy ns possible. And so tho mansion was sold and MlUy left the shores of England for foreign climes. Somo five years hnd elapsed, when one ovening Milly, who hnd returned nnd was on a brief visit to London, wns standing in the vcstibnlo of a West End theatra awaiting, amidst a great orush of fn6hionablo people, her enrrioDQ after the nerformnneo. She wns accompanied by a lady companion nsohaperon, and they were discussing tho play they hnd just witnessed when their enrriago was an nounced. As thoy stepped towards it Milly'6 opera clonk slipped from her shoulders on to tho nnnncUed floor. A tall, dark, heavily- bearded gentleman who wns standing by im mediately stooped and, picking it up, gracefully K laced it on the girl's shoulders. Somehow is long beard becamo entangled in one of tho fasteners of the cloak, and ns Milly turned round rather rapidly with tho intention of tbnnking him sho was horrified to observe his false bcaid disappear. Sho bad literally pulled it from his face. Instead of offering profuse apologies for hnving caused such an awkward contretemps she glanced qnlokly at tho man, and, with a look of-nbject horror on her face, screamed as though she wero mad. " Look, look," sho cried, pointing to him. A general rush wns made toward tho scene. " It's Hamond Hall come to life again," sho continued, gasping and pointing to the white-faced, trembling man. " Tako him away. Tnko him away." A whisper passed through tho crowd, who dosed round thejnan and gazed at his clean shaven face. " I tell you it's Hamond Hall, the barrister," shrieked Milly. "Ho's come to life again." The man smiled and expressed the opinion that tho girl must bo mad, and ho wns just about to leave his unpleasant surroundings when a detectivo stopped up to him nnd re- quosted his presenco at tho nearest police station. A great crowd followed; Milly swooned nnd had to be carried to hor carringo ; and the next morning tho papers were full of the news of tho arrest of Hamond Hall, tho Milli cont Manor murderer. The excitement thnt this extraordinary nnd weired statement caused was terrific, and tho perplexed world waited eagerly for tho devel opment and solution of the awful mystery. Upon the arrested man woro found papers and other proofs connecting him with the crime at tho Manor, and when ho gave his namo as Hall tho supernatural seemed uppermost in tbo case. A photograph of tho barrister wns produced and tho two faces wero compared with tho result that thoy wero declared to belong to ono and the same person. Tho prisoner wns Hamond Hnll thon, nud tho man who murdered tho millionaire and either committed suioido or was himself mur- dored must have beon somebody else. Tho mystery seemed as far from solution as over; In fact, it was undoubtedly getting deeper and dcepor when an unexpected con fession from the prisoner startled tho world. His namo was Hall right enough, but Arthur Hnll, and ho was a twin brother of Hamond. Ho was the murderer of both Henry Hudson anu niu oromor, mo fatter of whom had never been to Millicont Manor at all. It will bo remembered that Hamond left his reply to tho millionaire lying on his desk while ho kept an appointment. His brother who had, unknown to bis friend, arrived from aboard, trading on tho extraordinary Ukenoss between thom.nnd being on robbery bont, watched Ha mond leavo his ohambers and then ontcred himself, knowing tho olerk would not detect the difference. Seeing tho written letter ho rend it, and immediately thought of forcstul- ling Hamond and, if possible, bringing off a coup at the millionaire's. Hence tho " wire " nnd the early arrival at the Manor. Knowing that Hamond intended sending his luggage early on tho day ho was to arrive himself, ho drove to tho station and proourcd it and pro- posed to Miily shortly afterwards. He timed the murderer of Hudson so that ho could meet his brotbor comlug from the station shortly afterwards (feeling sure thnt Hamond would walk on when ho found no carringo waiting for him), and, having mur dered hint. ho fixed tho diamond solitaire in his shirt, put tho papers in his pocket, and placed the stiletto, with which both murders wero committed in tho position it was found in order to-plnco tho guilt of bis innocont brother. Arthur Hnll faced tho gallows iu tlmo; but had it not beon for tho awkward accident to his long blaok benrd tho Miliioent Manor mystery might never havo been solved. Poor Milly wept very tenderly for tho young barrister sho hnd novor seen ; but she will novor marry sho declares, because, after her ono experlonco of bolng engaged, sho oould novor taust another nan. Tlmo, however, may soften her views. 