TABLEE COURSING CLUB. The meeting of the Tarlee Coursing Club took place on Wednesday and Thurs day, April 2S and 29, the start of the beat being on the grounds about two miles west of Tarlee. The stake was .a^ 24-dog one, but-only 14 dogs were nominated^ the cause being probably want of greater publicity and the unfavorable weather. However,1 the small nomination did not affect the enjoyableness of the outing to any great extent. The owners of the properties traversed were very good to the club, having yarded their sheep, and in pome cases put the beaters on to good spots for hares. There was a scarcity of hares on. the ■first day, and only seven courses were got oft, though a good number of misses were made. On the second day hares were more plentiful, and the final courses were ran early in the afternoon, the stake going to Mr. T. Botchford's Barbed Wire. Mr. J. ET. Foote, of Blum berg, gave entire satisfaction as judge, all sportsmen, beaten as well as winning men, speaking in the highest terms of approval of his judging. Mr. J. Edwards (presi dent of the club), though he was unable to be present on either day of the meet, is deserving of recognition for the service he has rendered the club in various ways. Mr. W. F. Daly, of Tarlee, gave general satisfaction as slipper, and Mr. Molineux as controller of the beat was most atten tive to his duties, as were all other officers, not excepting the hon. secretary (Mr. C. Botch ford), who was indefatigable in his efforts for the success of the meeting. The only regrettable feature of the meet ing was that the stake did not fill, as the weather was very favorable, and consider ing the long-spell of dry weather the ground was in fairly good order for running. FnisT Ttes. Messrs. Francis & Scott's Marvel beat Mr. Turner's Del La Volta.. Mr. P. Connor's Jean II. beat Mr. J. Richmond's Wallace. | Mr. T. Botchford's Don heat Mr. W. Thomson's "Mail News. j Mr. W. Wasley's Fanny Fickle beat Mr. R. Ellis's iV:u-1 j Mr. T. Rotchford's Barbed Wire beat Mr. I T. Connor's Faugha Ballaugh. ! Mr. J. S. Oliureiiii's Black Harry beat i Sir. T. Eoichford's Royal Master. Mr. W. Wasley's Oajsar's Ghost beat Mr. T. Connor's Lady liose. Second Round. Jean II. beat Marvel Fanny Fickle beat Don Barbed Wire beat Black Harry Caesar's Ghost a bye Thied Bonsn. Fanny Fickle beat Jean IL Barbed Wire beat Caesar's Ghost Final. Mr. T. Rotcliford's Barbed Wire beat Mr. W. Wasley*s Fanny Fickle. Mr. T. Rotchford's Barbed Wire is by Barter out of Actress, and is 17 months old ; Mr W. Was ley's Fanny Fickle, is by Ranwick out of (rfrtrude, 2' years old; and Cseser's Ghost is by Judge Tip out of Lady Rose; and Mr. T. Connor's Jean IL is by j Ringer out of Black Puss, 16 mouths old. As an indication of thrift amongst the working classes of France, it is stated that there are now 6,000,000 depositors in the French savings banks, with an accumulated fund of not less than .£112,000,000. A nautical man has calculated that the general s:z,1 ;if a fog in the Atlantic is about 30 miles in diameter. One of the natural curiosities of Asia is the Great Salt Desert of Persia. It is many miles in extent, and is a solid incrustation of salt several feet thick. There are about 160 cooking schools in Germany and Austria No prnpri^or of a first-class hotel in tho.se countries will engage a (3ief unless he has a diploma from one of the schools. No fewer than 757 Prussian Generals are now in receipt, of retired pay, and the number is likely to increase. 