ptcratm*. SHADOWED LIVES. By Miss M. E. BR ADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret.' 'The iatal Three,' 'The Day Will Come,' Lost for Love,' 'The Doctor's Wife,' ?Whoso Was the Hand,' -'One Life, One Love.' 'IJliou Art the Man,' 'Sons of i; ire. [Published by special arrangement with the Author All rijjlus reserved.] C/H APTJTTl V » TVTo V « Iipnn^ Ov*~... ? My good little wife had for a long time been urging me to wind up my association with J3ow.stre.et and retire into private life and a cottage villa with a. garden at Putney, which neighborhood she considered a kind of Paradise as compared with P,looinsbury. I own to being lond of iiluomsburv ftiiH tn li'oirlnrr „ 1:1,; ? cJ.. a profession which some people miKht conlkler disagreeable; but when Providence has . bestowed a: good wife upon a man it is his uueiness to prove Himself worthy of tlio gift ? so i had mudo up my mind to jetire for some tune past;, and I; think the Dynevor-street business turned tho scalp and precipitated my withdrawal: from the Criminal Iifvcstigation Department. ' 1 was sorry to part company with the men\I knew and j with : Kyhonj I, had iworked ,in friendly association, but X felt I had had enough of- work which took a1 great deal out of nio and brought me a very moderate recom pense. So one fine morning, not long after the breakdown of the case against Wildovcr I went through the process of securing itiv pension and took a lease of Hawthorn Lodge', Putney Hill. ° It was a new sensation to be sauntering about Wimbledon Ccmraon in the early morn ings, a new thing to hear the skylark in tho blue above and the cattle lowing in the mea dows, I used to walk for miles and miles through tho lanes towards Ewell and Epsom, for I had never been too goodasleeper, and now that I had nothing to do and very little to think about I found myself waking with the sun, and it was a relief to get out into the air and see him finish his ascent. In had seen the sun rise often enough in thecoursoof my wan derings, but I had usually seen him at the end of the night, after spending the email hours in London streets, or on the railway, or down the river. It was a new thing to see him at tbe beginning of, my day fresh from my bed and hath, and it wa9 still a newer thing to be free from restraint and to be released from respon sibility, no longer to feel that every step in life was a step in the dark— that guilt and innocence, honor and dishonor, life and liberty were the counters in the game which I was winning or lpsing— no longer to be incessantly on the alert, to check erring comrades, to ?^^W excesses of zeal, and to teach the value of truth to men who were inclined to think . theycouldgetalongbetterwithout.it. My good wife accused me of being restless \- -and not appreciating tho comforts of a retired life, or being^ sufficiently grateful ?: to Provi dence forliavinggiven me enough to live upon and pay £45 a year for Hawthorn Lodge. - ' Sly dear Charlotte Eliza, I daresay I shall got habituated to a life of idleness in -time,' said L ' But when a man has been working for 80 years idleness is apt to pall. I confess that I sometimes feel a something minting* and Vm afraid it's Bow-street' v * This inconsiderate admission of' inine made the .poor little, wife qi-y and ehe Degaja 'to r^roach beraelf for having withdtftwh mejirpih a profession I liked ; so I iiad to a3sure'1ier I was very happy at Putney, and to take her for a long walk on the Common, where we saw two old gentlemen playing golf. ' There's the garden,' said Charlotte Eliza ; ' I looked forward to your being interested in the garden.' 'And so I am, my dear,' says I ; ' but as it only takes me about twenty steps to walk round our lawn and flower-beds that kind of interest is soon exhausted.' 'I thought you'd work in the garden, John. People who work in their gardens never seem have finished or to be tired.' ' Any- work I did in the way of gardening would be bo destructive that you would implore me to desist before I had been at it two days, Charlotte Eliza,' said I, and she sighed and said no more about the garden. In sober truth a life of retirement did not suit me. I am not what is called a domestic man. I don't bully the cook or see cobwebs in the cornice, . I have no home occupations, ex cept reading. ! newspapers and novels; and though I had e,njoyed both forms of literature while I was! a busy man, fact and fiction began to pall upon' me now that I was an idler. hi this framf of mind I was startled by a visitor whose appearance was as refreshing as' a cold douche after a Turkish bath. I was sitting alone in a little closet of a room at the back of the house, which my wife calls the study,, but which I. never look at without regretting the spaciousness of our old quarters iii Bloomsbury. It . was after our qarly dinner and I was smoking the pipe of meditation, having exhausted every scrap of news in four morning papers— down to the markets, although the prices of tallow and even of' mutton ^dd benf by the carcase could have but the mildest interest for a man whose household consisted of four people and whose consumption of tallow and butcher's meat was very moderate. I had heard the door bell aud the opening of the door ; but as my wife has a good mauy visitors and I have very few I had scarcely noticed the fact when the housemaid —she took the superior rauk of parlormaid in the afternoon— opened the door of my den with her grandest air and announced Mr. Wildover. ] There was no! card sent in — no preliminary enquiry. The ; gentleman whom I had last seen in 'jhe dock at Bcw-Etreet walked calmly into my room and: the room being only 13 ft. by 11 wasstanclpng in front of me before I had time to thiiik, I laid down ray pipe and stood up and I was face to face with the man round who3e neck I had tried my best .to put a rope. w ' I daresay you'are surprised to see me here, Mr. Faunce,' lie said coolly. . , ' I am really more surprised than I can say, sir,' said L ' You would have seen me. Sooner* but- for two circumstances. In the first place' ' I bave been ill and in the second jjlace when I was well enough to get about I found it estremely difficult to find you.. ;The . people at Bow street seemed very unwilling to give me your address.' 'Oh, you have been hovering about Bow street, have you? That (seems a curious pro ceeding for a man in your circumstances. I thought a nice little trip to the: antipodes or a tour in South America would have been more in your line.' I had not asked him to sit down and I was still standing. I had had a good deal of inter course with murderers during my official career, but now I had retired into private life I meant to have as few dealings as possible with the Criminal breed. Aud yet I could but own to myself that this man was a remarkable specimen of that class of villain whom nobody would take for a vil lain. From head to foot I could see upon him no mark of tbe criminal character. His erect form and easy bearing, the straight and steady look of his well-opened blue eyes, the firm yet kindly muuth, the broad forehead and finely ruodelled chin would have made a favorable impression anywhere and upon anybody. If ever there was a criminal who had perversely degraded a form and face meant for righteous ness it was this man ; always supposing him to be the murderer I thought him, in spite of that incident of the pistol. ' As I have a good deal to say to you I hope you will be good enough to sit down and hear me patiently,' he said, seating himself in the chair opposite my own, which brought his feet and mine within eighteen inches of each other. 'Aud if, as you were smoking when I came in, you will kindly allow me to light my pipe we shall feel quite comfortable.' ' I don't know your motive for seeking me out, Mr. Wildover,' said I, 'but I am bound to tell you that I have left the Criminal In vestigation Department aud that I take no further iuterest in crime or criminals.' ''Perhaps uotj' said he; 'but I hope you are interested in a man who lias suffered cruelly through your mistake. Come, Mr. Faunce, you worked very hard the other day to inake me out a murderer and you succeeded in putting a black mark against my name that has .blighted all my hopes of happiness in this life. 1 want you to work still harder to take tliat stain off my name and character. It is to.be done ; and you are the man to do it.' His easy manners aild confident tone took me altogether aback. I had never had to do with such a man. I had seen an innocent man in a hole often enough before to-day ; but your innocent man is generally a poor creature, ready to uhed tears and all of a tremble, half out of his wits at tho very idea of being sus pected. This man was as firm as the Bass ltock. He ordered me to right his character. I reminded him that I had left the Force. 'So much tbe better for me,' he said; 'you couldn't have worked my business as I want it worked' if you were still under the police authorities.' And then ho told me that, without being a rich man, he had made a good bit of money in the South African goldfields, and still owned a share in a mine at the llivcr .Diggings, whore he could make more money if he cared to go bank ; but he had made up his mind not to leave England till he had solved the mystery of Liea ltayner's death. ' It may have been the most common kind of crime, though it is a mystery to us till we find the murderer. It may have been, the work of some loafing scoundrel who saw me give that poor soul the notes and lurked about and watched us and contrived to slip into the house after her, believing that he would have time to take the money from her before any body was roused by the shot.' \- ' He must have been a consummate fool to have thought that possible,' said I. 'A pistol fired 'in an inhabited house at 1 o'clock livtbe-morning, the fall. of. _a body— enough to arouse any household from attic to oellarT' 'Well, the hope of plunder seems to be the only reasonable explanation.' I took a notebook from a desk which was close at my elbow and referred to Mr. Wild over's account of that last conversation in Dynevor-street. I saw that in this statement he said he had given Lisa Rayner the notes during (heir last turn in the street and only a few minutes before he bade her good-bye at the door of No. 13. It was, of course, quite within the range of possibility that some loafer should have seen her take this money, but for that loafer to be provided with a revolver asd to be audacious enough to follow her up to her room and shoot her in a houseful of people, hoping to pocket the notes and get clear off after his viotim had fallen dead on the garret floor, seemed hardly credible. In my idea of the crime the mur derer must have intended murder only, add i ? must have trusted to Jrapidity of action f or' escape.j^ji^|8£^^, original noti6i*-f here w&a; #fe ^^^^*ii^presseoV^^1and;;^l the murderer wanteU^vas'to^iippiress it. : ' . The man fascinated me and won iny confi dence. There was something uncommonly winning in that handsome face, the frank manner, and the free and easy give and take style of a man who had lived and worked under God's open sky, caring nothing for tho things which men in cities so much over estimate — dress, dinner, furniture, society— all the tailor-made stuff that Thomas Carlyle ridicules. Here was a man not dependent upon his tailor for style or dignity. Bis rough tweed trousers were kneed and turned up at the ankles ; his boots were broad and clumsy ; his frieze coat had the marks of long wear ; and yet 1 knew he was a gentleman. ' Well, Mr. Wildover,' said L after turning the business over in my mind, 'I thought I had done with criminal investigation for ever ; but I don't mind owning this case interests me, because it is a difficult one; and I don't mind seeing what can be done in it. Not much, perhaps.' ' Yes, much — everything — by a man of. vour experience. The man who dropped the pistol down the area was the man who murdered Lisa Rayner. You have the gunsmith who can tell you what that man was like.' ' The man who dropped the pistol may not be the man who bought the pistol. It may have changed hands, you know, Mr. Wild over.' I watched his face closely as I spoke. . Much as I was taken by his good looks and pleasant manner I was by no means convinced of his innocence. I had seen too much of pleasant mannered murderers in my time, more par ticularly in the poisoning branch. There never was a better sort than Bill Palmer till he was fouud out. It was in Wildover's favor that his was not an arsenic case. 'Yes,' said he, 'true enough. The pistol may have changed hands. Anyhow you have to find the man who dropped it down the area.' ' I'll do my best, sir. But before I begin I am bound to remind you that you have not been tried for the murder and acquitted— and that you might be arrested again to-morrow if any further and stronger evidence arose against you. It might, therefore, be more to your in terest—safer—for you to drop out of this part of the world and — let sleeping dogs lie.' 'lam not afraid of any dogs that you or anybody else can rouse, Mr. Faunce, Don't concern yourself about my safety ; but try to clear my name of the foul stain your official skill has put upon it.' I told him my idea of the murder was the nutting away of an individual whose existence was a source of trouble and danger to some body eltso ; and I asked hini to tell me all he knew of Mrs. Rayner's history, omitting no detail that he could remember. He replied with apparent candor and told me the story of her life before he met her— as she had told it to him— and during the yeara they spent in. poverty together/ There was nothing in this story' to suggest a vendetta; noliiutof dark secrets or of black mailing. The Austrian seducer had dis appeared from the scene. ' The father seemed to have made no effort to reclaim or even find his Io3t daughter. Yet the middle-aged seducer aud the unprincipled father Were the only discoverable personages linked with the woman's story— if : she had told Wildover the whole of that story. But . there is the likeli hood that a woman who has gone wrong— like a man who has got into debt — will always keep back something1, and that perhaps the biggest item in tbe history or in the list of creditors. I was inclined to believe that in this case all had not been disclosed— and that in the some thing that had been kept back lay the clue to the mystery. She had told him the story of her girlhood in outline only. He did not know her father's natno or the name of the Viennese banker under whose protection she had lived at the West-End of London. He did not know of any human being whose acquaintance she had made during her season of prosperity or the address of the house in which she had lived. He had forbidden her to dwell upon that un happy past. It hurt him too much to hear her talk of her fall. 'You see I loved her at that time as dearly as if she had been my wedQed wife— and her dishonor was my dishonor. She had been a true and devoted help-meet to me. I wanted to respect and esteem her. I hate, now that she is in her grave, to repeat the confession which she made to me when she was Recovering from a dangerous illness.' ' No doubt ! But if you didn't tell me all you can I shouldn't bave the slightest chance of unravelling the mystery,' I said. ' As it is I must tell you plainly that I consider the odds against mo about a hundred to one, but I am a man of leisure now and by way of filling in some of the sparo hours of my life' — I didn't tell him that I had about ten hours to spare per diem — 'I don't raind trying what my ex perience of twenty years in the C.I. Depart ment may enable me to do.' He thanked me, begged me to consider money no object, wanted to give me his cheque for a hundred pounds there aud then, but I told him that in the present state of things I didn't see my way to spending five shillings on his account ; and so wo parted, after I had asked him to call upon me that day fortnight at the same hour. He begged me to make it that day week, but I told him that it was very unlikely I should have anything to tell him even after i fortnight's looking about. I began work with very little hope of success, but I was glad to have something to do and to think about outside my garden at Hawthorn Lodge. I was heartily tired of watching the tulips slowly, and, as it seemed to me, reluctantly, coming out of their green sheaths, ind of wondering whether tho standard rose trees which had been pruned almost out of 3.\istenco would really justify the skilled gardener and break out into branch and bloom before midsummer. Frankly I was delighted to see Dynevor-street again. I told my wife that I hid undertaken a private matter, which, if successful, would pay ma handsomely ; and [ believo Charlotta Eliza was not sony to see me occupied with business which took me out 3f doors and left her free to dust tho china ornaments and polish the furniture, without jeing worried by a husband who didn't know ivhat to do with himself. I saw the gunsmith's assistant and tried to ?et a better description of the man who bought the pistol, but I could extract nothing beyond the impression that he was a studious-looking nan, wearing blue spectacles and his hair longer than the fashion, and that be was several inches shorter than Mr. Wildover. The iifference in height would alone have been jnough to show that the .man was not Wild-' jver, but the two men were in all respects un like each other. 'Should you know the man if you saw him igain V I asked. 'No. .1 remember the kind of man— but there was nothing remarkable about him— nothing that would help me to pick him out imong a dozen men of tho same style. I've seen them coming out of the British Museum sf an evening by the score when I lived in 3outhampton-row and used to walk home by Sreat Russell-street.' . ' Do you think tbe sneotaoles he wore were intended as a disguise?' 'Oh, dear not His manner wag too easy ind collected for such an idea to occur to me.' . Not much to be made of the gunmaker's uwistant. There- was only that suggestion of ? the purchaser's scholarly appear* nee— the type of man to be seen laying- the reading-room of thft^r^hAb&uni.aiiy; evening. I hatHnet them1 often 'enough during my long/residence in Bloomsbury andllcoew the style. .-?: IttB hardly possible Jor Hie uninitiated in criminal investigation to conceive the difficulty of tmdrag any person cr. anything in the gnat ocean of London life when once the bubble on tbe surface of the water has broken and vanished. X had started on a wrong scent, if this Wildover was to be believed, and I had wasted my time , in following a phantom when there might have been possible opportunities of getting on the right line. I had to begin again with the scent cold; and I own that I felt nonplussed and that I enly set to work in a dilettante spirit, and with .less mental energy than I should have expended upon an acrostic in the World. It was something to do. It kept my mind busy, just as the game of cat's cradle will keep children's hands, busy, and it was, I feared, about as futile an occupation. It is needless to record my investigation step by step. It was several weeks after Mr. Wildover's first visit to Hawthorn Lodge when I made my first advance alone the line on which I had been working, by the discovery that a person answering to the gunmaker's description had been living in Dynevor-street at the date of the murder and had left so shortly after as to make his removal a suspi cious coincidence. I had made a houseto house investigation of the street and had in most instances been readily answered, but there was one house where the people seemed very reluctant to eive any information about the persons lodging there in the previous Deceiaber. The landlord owned at hist that ne had a reason for this reticence. 'If your business has anything to do with dynamite of Nilerists, I'm not going to be mixed up in it,' ho said. ' ? Poor Mrs. Grogan has been all but ruined by that murder last Christmas. She has not been able to let her second floor since, or the room where the young woman was murdered ; and I know she's half a year behind with her rent, and I don't want my house to bo pointed at and boycotted be cause of some gentleman dynamiter as may have lodged in it — once upon a thne.' I assured him that the enquiries I was making had no relation to dynamiters or Nihilists; and I also gave him to understand that it would be the worse for him if he refused to answer my questions to the very best of his ability. 1 may add that this was a bit of bluff on my part, as I was assuming my authority of former times, before I retired from the C.I. Department. The effect was instan taneous, for Mr. Durfin's wife, a decent body, who was present at our interview, urged him to comply with my request. The house was a lodging-house, tidily furnished, and as clean as a London house can be ; and it is wonderful what miracles of freshness and cleanliness a hard-working active woman can achieve in spite of sea coal and November fogs. Without being directly opposite number thirteen the windows commanded a full view of that house, and a watcher at a window on this side of the way would Ijave been able to identify anyone going out or in at Mrs. Grogan's door. Now for my landlord and landlady's infor mation. Once having relented they were both eager to tell me all they could. They had had a gentleman lodger on their second floor from the l4th November to the 26th December, and just such a gentleman as the subject of ray enquiry— very studious, verv quiet and retiring, upending the greater part of his days out of doors— mostly, they believed, in the reading-room at the British Museum, as he had told them he choose these rojms to be near tho museum, and sitting up late at night reading and writing. He had taken no meal at home except his roll and coffee in the morning. He had had his own machine for making tea — a Sadover, he called it — a Russian machine 'named after the great Russian battle,' interjected the landlord. ' There never was a less troublesome lodger. He had his latch-key and let himself in of a night as quiet as a ghost. Ho paid his rent and all extras to the moment. He gave his name as Longman — no Christian name. He received no letters and had no visitors ; a most retired gentleman.' Did this ? lodger wear spectacles ? Yes, ' always. He was a great sufferer with his eyes —had burnt off his eye-lashes while making a chemical experiment, ho told Mrs. Durfin, which admission, with other things, the Russian Sadover, for instance, had made them suspect him of bsing a dynamiter. He had all the quiet ways of a conspirator biding his time— yet quite the gentleman through it all — and must have been at the top of the tree and one as gave his orders for others to carry out. They had looked at his luggage and they were sure there wasn't an ounce of dynamite in that. A. spare suit of clothes and half a dozen shirts was all he brought to tb.e houseand those things were all arranged in th'e chest of drawers and everything the pink of neatness. He brought a few books/ a writing-case, and a packet of foolscap. Ho was a great one for scribbling. Had he left any papers ; anything over looked about his rooms. Nothing except the torn papers in the waste basket ; those had been used for lighting fires directly after bo left. 'Did he give you any reference when he came ?' 'He gave us a week's rent; that, with his respectable appearance, was quite satis factory.' Asked his ago, Mr. Durfiu guessed it at thirty. Mrs, Durfin gave him five or 6ix years more. He war not bald, but his hair was verv thin at the top of bis head, straight, dark brown hair, worn rather long. ' Asked to describe him as precisely a-j they could, Mr. and Mrs. Durfin furnished me with these details. Height say five feet nine or ten. Hands and feet Btnall and particularly well shaped. His boots was a pleasure to black, Mr. Durfin added. Any maker's namo in the boots ? No. Srose aquilino, small nostrils, chin very square and firm, a chin you would never try to im pose upon, even if you was given to imposing, which we Durfins are not. Complexion pale, nondescript, neither fair nor dark ; what Mr. Durfin would call the London complexion. ; Any scar, peculiarity of expression, or dis tinguishing mark about the man ? None. ;3)id they remember the manner of his leav ing their house on the 26th December? Yes, so far as there was anything to remember. He went out early on Christmas Day and was absent all day, returning in a hansom before midnight. Mr. Durfiu noticed thet he was in evening dres3 when he came home, though he had left the house in bis usual dark-grey suit. He wont away with his portmanteau in a four wheeler early on Boxing Day. Mr. Durfin heard him tell the cabman, 'Waterloo —loop line,' and conoluded thatlhs-waa going out of town from that station. He had told them nothing of his plans, only asking for his atcount half an hour before he left. He pa'id a week's rent in lieu of notice. ' * \- The second- floor had been let to a married couple aod baby from Manchester since Mr. Longman loft ; but these had gone back to tbe north a fortnight previously, so the rooms weje empty aud I was welcome to look at them.* Xwaa sorry to find the rooms had been let — for this fact, taken in conjunction with' Mis. Durfin's cleanly habits, made it very unlikbly that so much as a stray inoh of paper loft by Mr. Longman remained upon the premises. My experience has shown me that people of the criminal class, however careful to remove all compromising material, will almost inevit ably leave something in any house they.havo occupied ; but in rooms turned out and oteaned. and occupied, and turned out and cleaned _ ? . ? ?? ??-????--? ??;??-??- ????--.rrifc.- ?-.. again after. that oixiupation,, I. ^uld rscaroely , hops to fiud.any trara^pf %tde^^d%od^p^ ^ I went up tu -Urn BecQUoV^w^^y^ajid^-': usediny eyes and iny iingeW:t9-.£ttMjc*SQttnwi^; power. ... ' .???..?'-',. :V .-. \\-y .'=?' .:-^fiu0^% My eyes were quick enough ito noticean old- .' ??? fashioned bureau chest of drawers with* sloping lid, which I lifted, displaying tha* arrangement of small draweis and pigeon holetV which our ancestors loved. . ?' : -'.?.' V Did .your last lodgers, mako use of this nioa old piece of furniture?1' I asked. . 'Not they, sir,' replied Mrs. Durfin, who had aooonapaniedme, being better at stain thaitl her husband. 'I don't believe they wrote half a dozen letters while they were with us. They were always gadding. They came up to see the Bights of London, and it was theatres and « music-'alls night after night and supper ' wanted afterwards ; and it was Crystal Palace and Tussauds or Tower evory day. Mr. Long man, he wrote at that desk all the time he was -. here, and a fine state the mahogany was in with ink when he left.' 'And you cleaned it carefully, I have no doubt' ' I did all that beeswax and turpentine and elber grease could do,' she said, and I hated the woman for her uncompromising cleanli ness. 'And you found no papers in any of these drawers?' I asked, pulling them all out one after another, as 1 talked, and peering into the recesses and secret places of the bureau, Mrs. Durfin coughed aud paused before re plying. One look at her told me that she had found sumething; but I went on with my examination of the drawers and pigeon-holea, pretending to be interested in the bureau as a piece of furniture. .- Mrs. DurGn coughed again. 'Me and Durtin don't want to be mixed up in no Nilerist cases, 'she said. 'It's difficult enough to make a living in a street that keeps steadfastly going down without that' I assured her that I was.no Nihilist hunter. I had certainly a motive in seeking informa tion about Mr. Longman ; but it hod to do ' with property and not Nihilism ; tho good woman's brow lightened at this and she told me that if she had known I was a respectable family solicitor she would have been more free with me aud on that she produced a very ancient purse from her capacious pocket and from this purse extracted a small leaf of paper evidently torn from a note- book, which leaflet she solemnly handed to me. ' That was the only scrap of paper that I found high or low after Mr. Longman left,' she said ; ' and my husband thinks tlie writing on it is a Nilerist's cypher. Neither me nor him can make out a letter of it.' The cypher was the common, or Pitman, shorthand, and I assured Mrs. Ourfin that there was nothing of a treasonable or alarming character in the document, which I should bu glad to keep, if she would allow me. I slipped a sovereign into..her willing hand as I made the request. --.'. -v/v ' I think you might make^it two sovereigns, sir, seeing that it's the oiily: paper as he left ' ,. and may. lead to valuable information. '' ' Oh, Mrs. Durfin, what a woman of busi ness you are,' said I as I gave her the second sovereign and went off with my find. It wasn't much, but it was something. I carried it straight to a type-writing office where there are a lot of clever girls -working under a very clever young lady, some of them well up in shorthand. They know mo at tho office and are ready aud willing to work for me, HI am coining back fur that paper and a type-written copy of it in half an hour,' said I. ' You'd better wait in my room,' said the principal. 'I never wait anywhere, my dear young lady. I can do something better with my time than waiting in a room, if it's only watch ing the faces in the street.' The copy and tho original document were in an envelope ready for me when I went back to the office. Two pages of widely Bpaced type-writing — neither beginning nor end— a fragment of an essay or a lecture, I could not tell which — but the indications pointed to oral delivery. Subject the everlasting working man, his educational opportunities and possibilities of improvement. So much for the one trace the lodger had left behind him. And now what did I think of Mr. Longman in a promising subject for further investigation ? Not much assuredly. The facts that he had worn spectacles that hid his eyes and that his description answered fairly enough to the gunmaker's description of his customer were something, but still not much. Spectacles are so common— even tho bluo disguising goggle— and all descriptions of figure and appearance are so vague. Tho circumstance of Longman's departure on Boxing Day was curious ; more especially as that departure was evidently unpremeditated, or the usual notice would have been given. Yet a studious man, with his head in the clouds, might omit such notice from eheer forgetfulness. The date of his hiring of the lodgings coin cided very nearly with the date of the purchase of tho pistol. That fact was also curious; but I have seen too many curious coincidences to attach much importance to them. Altogether the indications pointing to Longman as the murderer were of the moat shadowy ; but bo far I had been ab'e to find nothing better, and I was inclined to follow these feeble lights across the quagmire of the unknown. ; The notes of lecture — essay— or boot nrighti lead to my identification of the writer and the man once within my ken it might be possible - to make such a retrospective investigation of his life as would reveal a connecting link between him and the murdered woman. My first business, therefore, was to trace the forty* seven lines of typewriting ; and this was by no means a hopeful business, since it was likely enough that these liaes formed part of some unpublished essay or unspoken lecture and belonged to that vast mass of written thought which never finds a public expression. (To be continued.) 