A BARBER-CHAIR, EPISODE Hlls wife had told him that he needed 'it badly; and, alter thinking it over for a week he decided to have his hair cut. Ito hadl been silting in the barterchair for the last half-hour. All those little attentions ,for whichl b.rbers have become noted had been showered ulpo hinm with laihll hand said tire. tlea tongue. 'The barber I?id down bin auiasorr A deep drawn sigh of ineffable relief appeared to conimb oi out orf t' innermoset tpholstering of the chair, for the little toon fancied Ihe ordeal was nearing its end. Ther, through halfc.losed lidse he saw the barbhr arm himself with a long haired brush. hlemoriee of the Irat were wafted back to hlim: and, rhuttig hins eyes, he groaned aloud and st, llhddled. *" 'oneaitnm ni your hair, oir P inquired the bulber Im hisolillrst Intle as he jabbed the long-,haired impnlle?lt of tourture down the little mano's bao, andi wriggled it around in a mannetr particularly exasperating. S* No, sir; I never rae Itho i si ! ' snappedt the victim, with a look of disgust. "* A llave, air ? " siggetedl the harter in an .on-hand way, as ie slamomed a greasy hand familiarly over the litt'e lmat,' mouth, and pro reodcd to put his face afl'eetionatlly with 'a .elttppy.towel. '" No. air thank heavens, I shave myselfl ! " iame tie reply in a voice trembling with in *dignatiot. - i t ' dig maopoo ? '" mnlinued the barher, with dongged lperae verancei. sI motlled up the littlc man's head ill a hot toco l. "** r-no, Lod fort d ! " came tti half. emothwred antner. " :barber, an he fondled 1the trolet'f; head between his clammy hiate. St No, no I Nlothing l gurgled a faint voice in reply, i You'll want a hath, air P " exclairmed the barber, aftIr a lnapse of a few momcuts, ill a brisk, bnsilervlike tone, as though he were commerncing all over aga*it. *" No, sir, I won't. I've a bath iii ely oWli house," quickly rejoined the little mani, bsaking himself deflantly and pufning like a donkey engine. " ihocshine '" laconically suggested the' barber. * No, no ! lhine m own shoes, always! " fairly shrieked the little man testily, as he wriggled to get free. * Before ;ott go, Fir," softy whispered the barber in a conidential and raerouaive tone, as ho combed the little man's haeir in a manner that was halmost tender. " I would like to sell yon a bottle of tiy paltent hair restorative. Your hair, sir, is coming out by the handhtl. *t I know it in ! " shouted the little man glee fully, " and I'm glad of it. I've beon using Jink'a hIair I?emover lo'the past five years., and I hope soonl, sir, tol have no need of your scervices whatever." a" Yes air," aoswered the harber in a dreamy. mechanical way, s heie released the victim from his clutches. " N.e-o-x.t I " AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A man on his trial for murder, inl Now York, waes rIcerTefully defended by his counel ill the following grandiloquent speech : Grutlren:rt of the jury, " Thou ehalt not kill.' Now, if you hang omy client, you trans. glees the cummand an slick as grease, and as plump an a gooser' egg in a loufero fare. Gentlemen, nmurder in murder, wtether com mti,tied tIy tn'lve jurymen or an humhbli itndiv ideal like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deity tihe lact of any client ianving killed a man. No sutch thing, gentleanet. You may bring the iprisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his dully--but will that excuei you ? No; in that case you will be unlrtlers. lWho among you is prepared for the Irand of Cain to be etamlwel on hia brow to-day ?-who, fremen P--who in !this lad of lireaty and light ? Gentlemon, I will pleldg emy own , word not one of you hasa howio knife. No, tme, gotle.' your pockets ore . v... ins too ot an?,t'rlgirtsnd lolhareo. Yr'on can smoke tib Inhacco of r, ceitudo inl the pile of a ipeaceful roniricoire : but hung my tin fortunate client maId the scaley lliatora of rre morse will gallop through the internal principles of our aoimal viscera until the spinal vertebrn, of your anatomicnl eonstruction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the gritm and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, heware ol c?mntiitting murder ! Boware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the nanseumltted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do on emurder. I adjureyou by tile ame of womian, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of timea' the?rltieal tranemigration, to do no omurr.lrr, I adjure you hy the American Eqagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of crea tion, and is now rottitlg ill the iagnetio tlbls. graph of time's illustrliols transmigratiun, to do no murder ! Aud, Itstly, if you eerelxpect free dogs not to hark at you, if you ever ex pect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain huffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever erpect to be anything but sneaking law.fluug rascally, braided, small eunds of humanity, " hittled down into iaditinctihility, ,acquit my client, and avre your country. The prioner was acquitted. 