The light that cast no shadow 'Curious stories are told- about. the powers pos sessed by certain natives in India, who live up Among the Himalaya mountains. These old men at is said, have devoted se:ores of years to the study .of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the ?world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose' of finding out ?the $eoret of their remarkable performaces They trealed him rather seurvily, b\xt interested him. all vthe.-STine. One day the professor wanted to ^Scailnine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An .ade^t Vent- with him to a cave wherein the books . were kept, 1 he place was dark as the bottom ut a well. . . '1 can't see to read, here,' said the visitor/ ' Then we will have some light,' was the reply, .and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he ..noticed it. had one strange ?quality—^ '.out not the slightest' shadow. ^ : This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast , learning and high .character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all t.he lights you have seen have cast shadows. Relief or unbelief commonly ?runs parallel with one's own, experience. Dr. \ Johnson sniffed at the account rif the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane' .ghost. ' ' .'*? A man who has been ill for years, and failed to .find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his ' ex perience? Take an example:— ' 4 In the springqf'1888,' writes our correspondent' . ?' I fell into a low, weak, languid state. ' 1 felt low spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach ' Was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating . I had pain.and weight at the chest. I' was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour ?fluid, also bitter bile. Later _Qn I 'suffered from , . ^ nf..rvousness and great depression ofspirits; I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of. dis comfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At, last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and. pro- cured a supply. .Aftei-' I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my. food digested, -and . .-gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never havi'ug used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit -its value, ' and, its power 'over -disease Since . my recovery, for which T thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits, In the interests of suffering huma'uity I deem i t a duty to send you -this testimony. (Signed) , D.: Griffiths, tailor and ?outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June1 8th 1893.' . ~ v ' There is a good deal of difference between Mr. ??Griffith's candid letter and the story about .the light that cast no shaidow. The latter may be irue enough, but. it ca-nnot be verified without more trouble than it is worth, On the other hand : ' ? i ? « . . ' l-'i.- ? ? i ? ...;n ? we nave- a crubtworcny wicnews, 'wuo win answer :,Y letters of enquiry, ard can be found at his address. flpiAFinally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, It acts on ?.?th'J the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, ' ' forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges- tion and;: dyspepsia-; it cures that,' and throws the . . light of health 'and happin ess over hearths and jhomes where illness and- ?paih' had cast such dark /? ?and terrifying shadows. And that is why people Believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. ..., 