CURRENT TOPICS Received. — We have to acknow ledge the receipt of the January num ber of the W. A. Goldfields Count* , whirh still maintains its exrellenre as a mining journal, anq is profusely illustrated with unusually brilliant illustrations of various mines, etc, in the West. The thirty-four pages are crammed with interesting reading matter, all of which has been carefully compiled. We commend the paper to all mining men. ? * ♦ The Port Darwin Cyclone. — Owing to the scarcity of carpenters at Port Darwin the Government have de cided to send all that is required to that place for the purpose of rebuilding dwelling houses, etc., which were blown down during the recent severe cyclone. There is .scarcely a building but what has been in some way damaged. Many people are suffering great privation, having lost all they possessed. A fund has been started to assist the needy, and is being well responded to. * ? ? * A Row of Medicine Bottles. — If you are down with the blues, read the twenty-seventh Psalm. If there is a chilly sensation about the heart, read the third chapter of Revelation. If you don't know where to look for the month's rent, read the thirty-seventh Psalm. If you feel lonesome and un protected read the ninety-first Psalm. If the stove pipe has fallen down and the cook gone off in a pet, put up the pipe, wash vour hands, and read James 3\. If you find yourself losing confi dence in men read 1 Corinthians 13. If people pelt you with hard words, read the fifteenth chapter of John. If you are getting discouraged about -our work, read Psalm 126 and Gal. 6, 7-9. If you are all out ? of sorts, read the twelfth chapter of Hebrews. ? ? ? PROPOSED RIFLE CLUB. - Mr. F. Field is now making arrangements for the inauguration of a rifle club for Burra, and a meeting is shortly to be held to appoint officers, etc. Thirty members are required before a start can be made, and this number has al- most been reached. There will be no expense of keeping a horse, or attend- ing compulsory drills, members being at liberty to shoot when they please, and the ammunition will be supplied at a cheap rate in addition to the usual allowance free by the Government. This club will, no doubt, be instrumen- tal in assisting many young men in spending a pleasant afternoon now and again on the range. . ? * * A Soft Answer. — A pathetic tale comes from the -West One of the many Melbourne girls, who finding herself approaching 30 years with no prospect of a matrimonial capture, rushed over to Westralia, has returned a sadder and itory. j/Oram^'liW^ )f Westralia, ij^idi^iatf^^l^pQfty; ng with i a great ^bo^OTypie^SB^^^E^;'''-: ascinating .man, ^n0^KSS^^^^SSri;'r intly -^yersa^r^^iwpEHto(p3| ](fuujfc ;;,.?:. :eur vocalist, and awfully generous with ais cash. \^atiaaB^^][wim^m^^^ |f fascination ^^ev^^^t^l^iar M and in a few?brief ii^0^^were engaged. She wrote triumphantly ^ to ber dearest friend, who lives at South JTarra, and enclosed a pbotoTof'her bridegroom-elect. She received a /tele- gram shortly after. It was1 briefly worded, ' Your fiance is my husband.' The [Naughty OJld MAN.^Ghost stories have a great -fascination for some women. Here is what is said to be a true one :— A young lady arrived late at night on a visit to a friend. She awoke in the- darkness to find a white figure at the foot, .of jthe bed. While she watched tie bed-clothes were suddenly whisked off and the ap parition vanished. After an anxious, not to say chilly night, the visitor went down with but little appetite for breakfast. At the table she was introduced to a gentleman, a very 'old frieiuL of Jthe family, who had, she learned, also been sleeping in the house. He complained of the cold. ' I hope you'll excuse me,' he said to his hostess, ' but I found it so cold during the night that knowing the room next to mine was unoccupied I took the liberty of going in and carry ing off the bed clothes ,to supplement my own.' The room as it happened was not unoccupied, but he has- not dis covered his mistake.. Curiosities of ?^r^^'-ikwssBD Victuallers Act. — A pathetic intance of the. ingemous viamifications of the Licensed Victuallers Act occurred with me on Sunday nioring, writes a corres pondent Bound for town I met at the Semaphore an Adelaide friend, who felt bad after a trip on the briny and he wanted me to join him in a drink. Now I being a resident at the Semaj phore could not accept the -offer, so waited outside while' my friend of Adelaide — a bonafide—\n& a whisky sous. When we got to town the posi tion was reversed he was the resident and I was the traveller, so we joined in a social glass nine mile apart, he doing the waiting outside. How is that tor high ? — shout nine miles wide ! A well-known Adelaide lawyer sought an hotel on Sunday with a legal friend who lived within the five miles radius, and honestly answered the question whether he was a bonafide. traveller in the negajj tive. The other, with a twinkle in his eye ordered a long beer, and said he al ways preferred it in two glasses. His eccentric wish was gratified, and drink ing one, he quietly paid and gave the other to his friend. Technically the beer had not been supplied tothenonj traveller but it got there all the same* ♦ ? ? A Snorer. — The following will doubt less be read with considerable interest as proof that the head of the Govern ment is strong and selfwilled in all matters — even in snoring : — ' Mr. Kingston, Premier of South Australia, tells a story at the expense of his brother Premier of New South Wales, Mr. Reid. We were travelling together by train to a conference, and were allotted sleeping berths adjoining each other. When time to turn in, Reid said to me * You had better turn in Kingston, and get off to sleep if you can, for I snore very loudly, and if I get off first you are likely to lose your night's rest. I thought it very kind of him to warn me and I took his advice and was soon asleep. When I woke it was daylight, and I saw Reid sitting up in his bunk, a forlorn looking obiect * I say, old man,' he said, (I have not been able to get a wink of sleep all night I am told that I can snore, but if I am nosier than you I must be worse than a fog horn with the croup. Next time we'll start fair. It was really too bad of me, but I had omitted to mention that I snored too.' * ? ? , ? Speculating — Just after the Christ mas holidavs, as is usually the case, many people have to draw in their horns, owing to the inadequate supply of their cash, and to resort to any other means whereby they can 'raise the wind.' A thoughtful schemer, the other evening, hit upon a nicely arranged plan to extract a coin or two from bis wife's purse. He told her he had a good thing on, but he wanted a little cash to bind the bargain. To her many enquiries he gave her many feasible replies, and at last she con sented to speculate He said he had a dream on the previous night, and he saw a vision which told., him that by throwing in ' his chance' wit4 others he would become the recipient of a handsome sum of money. , He decided to venture, but before doing so he con sidered that he was justly entitled to a certain amount of refreshing beverage, and thereupon wended his way to one of the hotels, and forgot all about die ' vast fortune that was hanging over bis head. Overcome by merriment andlook ing on the remaining coins a flash crossed his mind that as it was only a dream there might be a possibility of him losing all his money, so he arrived at the conclusion that ' a butcher in the band was better than two in tho hogshead,' and exclaimed ' full 'em up again, Mr. Publichouse,' allowing the fortune to slip. ? * ?*.-.:*' Burra Hospital—A meeting of the Hospital Board was held on Janu ary 14. Present — Messrs. Sandland (^tiairman), Harvey, Killicoat, Moore,' CPLeary, and Pinch, Drs. Sangster and Brummitt Secretary reported accounts for past year having been audited and balance due paid by Govern ment to Board's credit. The statistics for the past year were produced and read. Arrangements were made to ifepair a 'W.C Mrs. T. Sandland noti fied her intention to present an ice chest to the Hospital Letter from secretary to Austral Club, accompanying gift of a number of illustrated papers ; to be specially thanked for a gift that is much appreciated . Mr. H. Caire, for him self and Mr. J. Pearce as trustees of the late Mr. C. Betty, sent a bequest of j£6 7s 6d. The minutes of the committee on supplies (tenders) for die current year were read and ap proved. Arrangements was made for the use of apparatus for administering 'Nitrus oxide gas' and an addition to the microscope. Mr. H. Roach re signed his seat on the Board an account of pressure of business. Subscriptions received. — Hon. J. J. Duncan j£io ; Booboorowie Station £10 ; Nillingo Sports Committee, £1 16s; Mr. H. Spohn /per Mr. Hiles), £2 2s ; Mr. H. Roach, £1 is ; Rev. W. O'Dowling, £1 is; Mr. T. Sandland, £1 is; bequest C Betty's estate per Messrs. Caire and Pearce, £6 7s 6d. Gifts— Austral Club, illustrated papers; Mrs. McCulloch, books and fruit ; Christian Endeavour (Wesleyan), concert and tea ; Curlew Minstrels, concert ; Mrs. Lockyer and friends, Xtnas tree ; Mr. H. Lihou, half lamb ; Mr. Dunstan, goose ; Mr Bew ley, goose. A Simple Receipt. — How to gradually change the grey color of the hair to its original color, so that it will not be noticed. Why should you look old and careworn. The grey hairs are coming whether you like it or not and you are looking old. There are hundreds that t can be relied upon. How frequently we hear the expression, ' How grey you are Ret ting,' and it is true. There are many things which cause the color of the hair to change. It is a wonder many of us have stood the troubles we have, without soon aflucting the color of the hair. We are able to write well of Cross's Hair Reviver — it will positively re store hair to its original color. This is not a mere statement, but barn out by fact. It is not a dye, but gradually imparts to the hair through the hair cells what nature has lost, thus giving to the hair what is necessary to restore it to its natural color. It is a wonderful discovery and so simple. Sprinkle on the hair. Sold by all chemists and stores. Price is and 6d per bottle. Charles Cross, Chemist Malvern, Adelaide. 