CHAPTER IV I ti'M Philip the next morning. There was nu nee«! to bespeak his attention. I think he felt as nearly as horrified as I had «lone myself at the idea that our own hitherto bright, cheerful hume was to he haunted hy this awful thing- influence or presence, call it what you will. And the suggestion- which I went un to make struck him. too, willi a sense of relief. He sat in silence for sollie tillie after, making nie to recapitulate as precisely as pos-ihle every detail of Sophy's story. '. You are sun.' it was the door into the library :-" he said, at last. "Quite sure," I replied: "and. uh, Philip." I went on, "it bas just occurred to me that father felt a chill there the other evening." For till that moment the little incident in question had escaped my memory. " Do you remember which of the por- tieres bung in front of the door at Finster r" said Philip. I shook my head. " Donny would," I said ; " he used to examine the pictures in the tapestry with great interest. I should not know one from the other. There is an old castle in the distance in each, and a lot of trees, and something meant for a lake." But in his turn Philip shook his head. " No," he said, " I won't speak to Donny about it if 1 can possibly help it. Leave it to me, Leila, and try to put it out of your own mind as much as you possibly can, and don't be surprised at anything you may notice in the next few days. I will tell you, first of anyone, whenever I have anything to tell." That was all I could get out of him. So I took his advice. Luckily, as it turned out, Mr. Miles, the only outsider, so to say (except the unfor- tunate keeper), who had witnessed the ghostly drama, was one of the shooting party expected that day. And him Philip at once determined to consult about this new and utterly unexpected manifestation. He did not tell me this. Indeed, it was not till fully a week later that I heard any- thing, and then, in a letter-a very long letter from my brother- which, I think, will relate the sequel of our strange ghost story better than any narrât on at second- hand of my own. .Mr. Mil -s only stayed two nights with us. The very day after be came he announced that, to bis great regivt, be was obliged, most unexpectedly, to return to Rax trew on important business. " And." he continued, " I am afraid you will all feel much more vexed with me when I tell yon I nm going to carry off Phil with me." Father looked very blank indeed. .' Phil !" be exclaimed, " and how about our shooting r" "You can easily replace xis," said my brother. " I have thought of that," and he added something in a lower tone to father. He {Phil) was leaving the room at the time, I thought it had reference to the rea! reason of his accompanying Mr. Miles, but I was mistaken. Father, however, said nothing more in opposition to the plan, and the next morning the two went ofl'. We happened to be standing at the hall door- -several of us-for we were a large party now-when Phil and his friend drove away. As we turned to re-enter the house, 1 felt someone touch me. lt was Sophy. She was going out fora constitutional with Miss Larpent. 1 mt h el «-topped a moment to spc.iii ;? I 111''. " Leila," she said in a whisper, " why have they-did you know that thc tapestry has been taken down r" She glanced at me with a peculiar expression. I had not observed it. Now, looking up, I saw that the two locked doors were visible in the dark polish of their old mahogany as of yore-no longer shrouded by the ancient portieres. I started in sur- prise. '. No," I whispered in return, " I did not know. Never mind, Sophy. I suspect there is a reason for it which we shall know in good time." I felt strongly tempted-the moon being still at the full-to visit the ball that night -in hopes of feeling and seeing-noth ing. Hut when the tim j drew near, my courage failed : besides, I had tacitly promised Philip to think as little as I possibly could about the matter, and any vigil of the kind would certainly not have been acting in accordance with the spirit of his advice. I think I will now copy, as it stands, the letter from Philip which I received a week or so later. It was dated from his club in London " My dear Leila, " I have a long story to tell you and a very extraordinary one. I think it is well that it should be put into writing, so I will devote this evening to the task, especi- ally as I shall not be home for ten days or so. " You may have suspected that I took Miles into my confidence as soon as he arrived. If you did you were right. He was the best person to speak to for several reasons. He looked, I must say, rather well ' blank ' scarcely expresses it-when I told him of the ghost's reappearance, not only at the Rectory, but in our own house, and on both occasions to persons-Nat, and then Sophy-who had not heard a breath of the story. But when I went on to pro- pound your suggestion Miles cheered up. He had been, I fancy, a trifle touchy about our calling Finster Haunted, and it was evidently a satisfaction to bim to start another theory. We talked it well over, and we decided to test the thing again-it took some resolution, I own, to do so. We sat up that night- bright moonlight, luckily-and-well, I needn't repeat it all ; Sophy was quite correct. It came again the horrid creeping shadow-poor wretch, I'm rather sorry for it now-just in the old way : quite as much in home in -shire, apparently, as in the Castle. It stopped at the closed library door, and fumbled away, then started off again-ugh '. We watched it closely, but kept well in the middle of the room, so that the cold did not strike us so badly. We both noted the special part of the tapestry where its hands seemed to sprawl, and we meant to stay for another round, but when it came to the point we funked it, and-went to bed. " Next morning, on pretence of examin- ing the date of the tapestry, we had it down-you were all out-and we found something. Just where the hinds felt about, there had been a cut-three cut-, three sides of a square, as it were, making a sort of door in the stuff, the fourth side havinsr evidently ac.ed as a hinge, for there was a mark where it had been folded back. And just w here-treating the tiling as a do r-yon might expect to find a handle to open it by we found a distinct dint in the tapestry, as if a button or knob bad once been there. We looked at each other. The same idea had struck us. The tapestry had been used to conceal a small door in the wall-the door of a secret cupboard, probably. The ghostly fingers had been vainly seeking for tin spring which in the days of their flesh and bone they had been accustomed to press ! " . The first thing to do,' said Miles, . is to look up Hunter and make him tell whert he got the tapestry from. Then we sbal see.' ". Shall we take the portière with us r I said. " But Miles shuddered, though he hal laughed, too. '"No, thank you,' he said; 'I'm no going to travel with the evil thing.' " ' We can't hang it up again, though," I said, ' after this last experience.' " In the end we rolled up the two por tières, not to attract attention by onl; moving one, and - well, I thought it jus possible the ghost might make a mistake and I «lid not want any more scares whil 1 was away-we rolled them up together first carefully measuring the cut, and it position in the curtain, and then wc hi< them away in one of the lofts that no on ever enters, where they are at this moment and where the ghost may have been dis porting himself, for all I know, though fancy be has given it up by this time, lo reasons you shall hear. " Then Miles and I, as you know, set ol for Rnxtrew. I smoothed my father dowi about it by reminding him how gooil natured they had been to us, and tellin him Miles really needed me. We wen straight to Hunter. He hummed au hawed a good deal : he had not distiiu tl promised not to give the name of theplae the tapestry had come from, but he kue> the gentleman he had bought it from di' not want it kn JWH. " * Why r* said Miles. ' Is it sonic lamil that ba- come dow n in the world, a : 1 forced to part with things to get some ready money r" " * Oh dear no," said Hunter. ? * It is not that, at all, It was only that-I suppose I must give you the name-Captain Dever- eux did not want any gossip to get about as to-' " * Devereux !' repeated Miles, * you don't mean the people at Hallinger .y' "'The same," said Hunter. 4 If you know them, sir, you will be careful, I hope, to assure the Captain that I did my best to carry out his wishes r' Certainly,' said Miles, 41*11 exonerate you.' "And then Hunter told us that Devereux, who only came into the Hal linger property a few years ago, had boen much annoyed by stories getting about of the pince being haunted, and this had h»d to his dismantling one wing, and, Hunter thought, but was not quite clear as to this, pulling down some rooms altogether. Hut be. Devereux, was very touchy on the subject-be did not want to be laughed at." .' ' And the tapestry came from him ; you are certain as to that r* Milos repeated. " 4 Positive, sir. I took it down with my own hands. It was fitted on to two panels in what they call tho round nunn nt Hal linger: there wore, oh, 1 daresay, a dozen of them with tapestry nailed on, but I only bought those two pieces: tho others were sold to a Loudon dealer. " 4 The round roo n.' 1 «aid. Leila, the expression struck »ne. " Miles, it appeared, knew Devereux SIR JOHN FORREST, P.O., K.C.M.G., PREMIER OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA. fairly well. Hallinger is only ten miles off. We drove over there, but found he was in London. So our next move was to follow him there. We called twice at his club, and then Miles made an appointment, saying that he wanted to see him on private business. " He received us civilly, of course. He is quite a young fellow-in the guards. But when Miles began to explain to him what wc had come about he stiffened. " ' I suppose you belong to the Psychical Society.' he said. *I can only repeat that I have nothing to tell, and I detest the whole subject.' " ' Wait a moment,' said Miles, and as he went on I saw that Devereux changed. His face grew intent with interest and a queer sort of eagerness, and at last he started to his feet. " ' Upon my soul,' he said, ' I believe you've run him to earth for me-the ghost I mean, and, if so, you shall have my end- less gratitude. I'll go down fo Hallinger with you at once, this afternoon if you like, and see it out.' " He was so excited that he spoke almost incoherently, but aft r a bit he calmed down, and told us all he. had to tell-and that was a good deal-which would indeed have been nuts for the Psychical Society. What Hunter had said was but a small part of the whole. It appeared that on succeeding to Hallinger, on the death of an uncle, young Devereux had made consider- able changes in the house. He had, among other things, opened out a small wing, a sort of round tower, which had been com- pletely dismantled and bricked up fer, I think he said, over a bundl ed years. There was some story about it. An ancestor ef bis, an awfulfqauibler, had used the prin cipal room in..this wing for his orgies. Very queer things went on there, tho finish up being old Devereux. being .found . dead there one night, when his servants were summoned by the man he had been playing with, with whom he had had an awful quarrel. This man. a low fellow, probably a professional cardsharper, vowed that lie had l«?en robbed of n jewel which his host had slaked, and it was said that a ring of groat value had disappeared. But it was all'hushed up. Devereux had really died in a fit, though soon after, for reasons only hinted at, the round tower was? shut up, till the present man rashly opened it again. " Almost at once, he said, the annoy- ances, to use a mild term, began. First one. then another of the household was terrified out of their wits, just as we were, Leila. Devei-enx himself had seen it two or three times, the ' it,' of course, being his miserable old ancestor. A small man, with a big wig, and long thin claw-like fingers. It all corresponded. Mrs. Devereux is young and nervous. She could not stund it. So in the end tin* round tower was shut up again, all the furniture and hang- ings sold, and, locally speaking, the ghost laid. That was ali Devereux knew. " We started, the three of us, that very afternoon, as excited as :i psi rt y of school- boys. Miles and I kept questioning Devereux, but he had really no more t< tell. He had never thought of examining the walls of the haunted room- it was wainscoted, he said, and might be lined all through with secr.'t cupboards foi- all he knew. lint he could not get over the extiuordinnriiiess of the ¡rhost's sticking to the tapestry-and indeed it dos** rather lower one's idea of ghostly intelli- gence. " We went at it at once-the tower was not bricked up again, luckily-we got in without difficulty the next morning, Devereux waking some excuse to the servants, a new set who had not heard of the ghost, for our eccentric proceedings. It was a tiresome business. There were so many panels in the room, as Hunter had said, and it was impossible to tell in which thu tapestry had been fixed. But we had our measures, and we carefully marked a line as near as we could guess at the height from the floor that the cut in the portiere must have been. Then we tapped and pummelled and pressed imaginary springs till we were nearly sick of it-there was nothing to guide us. The wainscotting was dark and much shrunk and marked with age, and full of joins in the wood, any one of which might have meant a door. "lt was Devereux himself who found it at last. We heard an exclamation from where he was standing by himself at the other side of the room. He was quite white and shaky. " ' Look here,' lie »lid. and we looked. " Yes-there wat, a small deep recess, or clipboard in the thickness of the wall, excellently contrived. Devereux had touched the spring at last, and the door, just matching the cut in the tapestry, flew open. " Inside lay what at first we took for a packet of letters, and I hoped to myself they contained nothing that would bring trouble on pool- Devereux. They were not letters however, but two or three incom- plete packs of cards,'grey and dust thick with age, and as -Milos spread them out certain markings on them told their own bile. Devereux did not like it, naturally -their supposed owner had been a member of his house. ' The ghost has kept a conscience,' he said, with un attempt at a laugh. ' Is there nothing morer* *. Ye.«-a small leather bag-black and grimy, though originally, I fancy, of chamois skin, lt drew with the strings. Devereux pulled it open, and felt in- side ."By <.ï'-orge,' he exclaimed. And he held ont the most magnificent diamond riug I have ever seen, sparkling away us if it bad only just come from the polisher's. This must be thc ring,' he said. And we all stared-too astonished to speak. .. Devereux closed the cupboard again, after carefully examining it to make sure nothing had been left behind. He marked the exact spot where had pressed the spring, so as to find it at ¡my time. Then we all left the round room, locking the door securely after us. .. Miles and 1 spent that night at Hal linger. We sat up late talking it all over. There ure some queer inconsistencies about the thing which will probably never be explained. First and foremost, why bad the ghost stuck to the tapestry in -tead of to the actual spot he seemed to have wished to reveal r .Secondly, what was the connection between his visits and. the full moon-or is it that only by the moonlight the shade becomes perceptible to human sense"- Who can say r "As to the story itself, what was old Devereux's motive in concealing bis own ringi- Were the marked cards bis, or bis opponent's, of which ho had managed to possess himself, and had secreted as testimony against the other fellow ? " I incline, and so does Miles, to this last theory, ami when we suggested it to Devereux i could see it was a relief to bim. After ail. one likes to think one's ancestors were gentlemen .' " . But what, then, luis he been worrying about all this century or more r* be said. * If it were that he wanted the ring re- turned to its real owner- supposing the fellow imd won it-I could understand it, though such a thing would be impossible. There is no record of the man at all. his name was never mentioned in th« story. .. ' He may want the ring restored to its proper owner all the same,' said Miles. 'You are its owner, as the bead of the family, and it has been your ancestor's fault that it has been hidden all these veal's. Besides, we cannot take upon our- selves lo explain motives in such a case. Perhaps-who knows ?-the poor shade could not help himself. His peregrinations may have been of tin* nature of punish- ment,' .. ' I hope they are over now,* said Devereux, 'for bis sake ami everybody else's. I should IK* glad to think he wanted the ring restored to us ; but, besides that I should like to «lo something-something good you know-if it would make him easier, poor old chap. I must consult Lilias." Lilias is Mrs. Devereux. "This is all 1 have to tell you at present Leila. When 1 come home we'll have tin portieres up again and see what happens I want you now to read all this to m\ father, and if he has no objection-he anc my mother, of course-I should like tx invite Captain and Mrs. Devereux to sta- tt few days with us, as well as Miles, a: \- soon as I come back."' Philip's wish was acceded to. It wa with no little anxiety and interest that wi awaited his return. The tapestry portieres were restored t their place -, and on thc first moonligh night my father, Philip, Captain Devereu and Mr. Miles held their^vigil. What happened ? Nothing-the peaceful rays lighted u the quaint landscape of the tapestry, ut disturbed by the poor groping fingers-n gruesome unearthly chill as of worse tba death made itself felt to the midnigh watchers-the weary, may we not hopi repentant, spirit was at rest at last 'i And never since has anyone bee troubled by the shadow in the moonlight. "1 cannot help hoping,"" said Mri Devereux, when talking it over, " tim what Michael has done may ha ve helped t calm the poor ghost." And she told us what it was. Oiptai Devereux is rich, though not immense] so. He had the ring valued-it represents a very large sum, hut Philip says I ba better not name the figures-and then h so to say, bought it from himself. An with this money he-no, again Philip saj I must not enter into particulars beyon saying that with it he did something vet good and very useful, which had Jong bee a pet scheme of bis wife's. Sophy is grown up now, and she kilo« the rçhole story. So does our mother. An Donny, too, bas heard it all. The borr< of it has quite gone. We feel rather pron of having been the actual witnesses of ghostly drama. [THE END.] 