THE BUTLER DIVORCE, j A Despicable Scoundrel. BUTLER AO.SltrS BIGAMY. The wrongs of the unfortunate Mrs Mary Jane Butler, wife of the convicted conspi rator. Thomaa Richard Bntler, chemist, and erstwhile ' assistant ' to Mrs Copp, chemist, of Darlington, hare often been ventilate 1 in these columns sinoc tbe indictment and con viction of Hutler, Ua/is, Anuie Peake, and the ex-solicitor ttofe, jun, for as vile a con spiracy as ever disgraced the disgraceful auntls of New -outh Waies 'Justice,' recently Mrs Butler, whose health has been shattered bf tbe terrible strain entailed by her heroic defence of the honor of herael t and her children, has been moving tor a divorce from her convicted scoundrel aod lelon bur band, an 1, Ftrange to say, he has opposed ber application. Tne petition of Mrs Butler was on the ground of desertion, and though there was surely every reason, ie-ai aud Christian, to grant her release irom the wretca who had to uasely conspired agaiust her, wbo had so atrociously ruined her life and attempted to hx the urand of shame on her and his cuil dien, every obstacle tne iaw could throw in her way hai been nsad to cause her delay and sustained mental torture. On Thursday the case came on for hearing when, as ^lr f H bulliran, who has all aioiin stuck nobly to the iasulted wue, was makiug an application for a postponement, the coa vict Butler, who was in court ia custody, and evidently enjoymg the 'break la the dull monotony of his prison life, rose and pat an end to ths Judge's dilemma by announcing : I have something to say that will .settle the matter in a very few minqtss. Mr Sullivan ; In these circumstances I will go on. . « Ihe petitioner was then called, and in answer to ber attorney,, aha aaid she was married to tbe respondeat in Carlton C?lc.), iu September, 18t-o, and in January, lB'JU, they came to this colony .to live. Ihe respondent at this stage fnterposei ; ) think 1 can end this matter at once, if 1 am permitted, without any more evidence being taken at all. . His Honor : In what way ? . It {b for desertion tor three years and upwaris. Respondent: Oo the question which is now being brojght forward. It is rather an extraordinary thing I have to state. I l ought all along the line to ahow that 1 was not guilty of the charge of conspiracy, lunte seems to be no end of this case. 1 now oasa to say that I am not tbat woman's husband. Mr Kullivan : .He has admitted it in at least three police oonrt proceedings, and he has contributed under orders made against hicii ior maintenance. ? - - Respondent : 1 hare done everything to avoid bringing this forward for tbe sake of tue children. -Mr bulli van : Well, I now ask your Honor that the matter should stand over. ueaponJont : At tbe time 1 married her nfy wife wasjilive, and abe.ii still living. I committed oigamy ai tbe time i marr ed her, Mr tinllivnn : And yet we have had all this trouble. flis Honor ; very well, the .matter will have to stand over generally. It wiil now remain to be aeen whether this cowardly rutfiau will be prosecuted ior tae self-confessed crime towards, his wlte aad society at large, or whether the .black cloud of Wiodeyer t ghost, the ghost of the man who was so perfectly assured that -Mrs Bntler was a perjured -adhltre.s .and ber brother a foot-sbuffliug perjurer, can cuter up tnu latest development in this distressing e»B«. - 