DIOCESAN COLLECTION fOK 1HE CATHEDRAL. On Sunday lasfcavery large, congregation assisted at: the-11 o'clock Mass in St, Brigid'a Church, 1 North" Fitaroyj High Mass wa« mmg? % theTDa8fcot(Rev. E. J. Kelly, D;D,), and.attains 'first Gospel the Very Rev. Johfl Byari, made an appeal onbehalf ofSt.Patrick's Cathedral. The preacher took for his text these words:—"The Kingdom of Heaven is likened; to a king who made a marriage feast for his son."—Matt, xxii., 2-14. Fr. Ryan said that the Church of God was frequently referred to in the Holy Scriptures as a kingdom. It Was called the Kingdom of God, because it had been founded by Our Lord Jesus Christ, the true Son of God. It was also called the Kingdom of Heaven, as it • prepared its children for the future city of Heaveil* The prophet Daniel, speaking of the Church of God, pointed out the exact time of its foundation—during the last four monarchies. The prophet's words were:— " Then shall the God of Heaven found a kingdom, and it shall destroy, and shall break to pieces, and consume all other kingdoms, and it shall last for ever and ever." And St. John the Baptist, the precursor of Our Lord, said to the Jews : —" Do penance, for the Kingdom of God is at hand," and it was well known that Our Lord Jesus Christ constantly spoke of His Church as a kingdom: " The Kingdom of Heaven is likened to a king who made a marriage feast for his son." At other-times He likened it to a treasure hidden in a field, or to a net put into the sea. The Church of God baffled all the efforts of statecraft; she had nothing of the world in her constitution, and proposed no earthly object as her end. Like her- Divine Founder, Our Lord Jesus Christ, she said, " My kingdom is not of this world." The Church of God had not been established by, nor was it maintained by, any earthly power. It was that kingdom the propagation and extension of which we daily asked for in the " Lord's Prayer." " Adveniat Regnum Tuum " — " Thy Kingdom come." But although that kingdom was not of thib world, it was the very paragon of all kingdoms. Her very enemies were forced to admit that hers was the most perfect form of monarchial government in the world. She confounded the sophists and the worldly wise. Her glorious record for the past nineteen centuries realised the promise made by Our Lord Jesus Christ, that " the gates of hell shall not prevail against her." There was one thing that puzzled the enemies of the Church of God, and that was the fact of her existing at all. The Kingdom of Heaven—and that was the Church-^—was likened to a " mustard seed, the meanest of all seeds, which, however, when it had sprung up, extended its branches far and wide, so that the birds of the air found shelter in its branches." Our Lord chose twelve illiterate, ignorant peasants, the offscouring, as it were, of society, and on them He founded His Church. The powers of this world tried hard to crush the Church of God even; in its very cradle. All earthly influences were arrayed against' her in vain. The God of Heaven shall found a kingdom, and it shall destroy, and shall break to pieces, and consume all other, kingdonis, and it shall last for ever and ever. As .^everyone accustomed to read the daily papers could observe, we were being constantly reminded that the term of the Church's existence was approaching. We were told from time to time in those papers that the Church was out of touch with the %orld; that she was effete, too ancient, and not,fit for the progressive and enlightened ideas of the; nineteenth century. Give us, -they said. ail Australian Church. Every form of government was irritated by, and jealously opposed to, the advancement of the Church of God. Governments were angry at the Church's claim to the unreserved obedience of her 280 millions of children in all matters appertaining to faith and morals. Everyone knew that the great' Universities of the world founded by iher had been seized by- her enemies. Every department of science had 'beon explored to find arguments wherewith to disprove her teaching., Every storehouse of literature had been;ransackf»d and pressed into serviceagaShst the Church of (jr'od, but all in vain. Why have Tfche nations raged and the people devised vain things against Christ and His Church? Notwithstanding all that hps been ' spid and done against the Church., she has continued on her conquering way fromlhe day of her Divine foundation even until now. Her children should not be astonished at the many persecutions the Church had to endure from her' relentless enemies. If she could be affected bypt>rsecution' and opposition she would have long since ceased to It ^piM juke'too long to descHt>p-the various trials and persecutions ahe went throi^h,' especially during••the .fiigt i^re.6 .hunjSpil ypsuss ,pf by Our £ot<l *«Btts Chrfc*, «he had to encSunter-evei: to; her-^ry «*«« Whole strength -of- worldly power. Tie itotfanemp^ors, wk M a th«r com, man<! !JT^&e;,resouim»- of - the then civili^^^ tried in,^ to. <amsh her. It would harrdW flp his hearers souls to narrate the devices token % the enemies of the Church : to crash her out cl existence. It was death, says Macaulay, and death in its most fearful fom, to be a Christian, And Tertullian said that the amphitheatre tang with the crv—the Christians to the Sons. The coBieeum held no fewer than 200,000 Christians, to devour whom the forests of Africa were searched for lions and tigers- The hietorian Tacitus, who was an eye witness, has told us how the Emperor Nero used to cover the Christians with pitch and tar, and pface them in rows along tho streets to serve as lights to the city of Rome. Some were put into bags of lime With serpents and hurled into the sea. Others, fastened to dead bodies, were compelled to slowly expire looking into the very face of the dead. These fearful persecutions raged for the space of three hundred years in that city of pride and luxury. They were not confined to Rome, but spread throughout the whole of the Roman provinces, the prefects vising with each other in their endeavours to stamp out Christianity. It is estimated that as many as eleven millions of martyrs sealed the faith with their blood during those persecutions—that is, three times the population of Aue» tralasia. But at the end of the 300 years what was the result ? There was an inscription made at that time to commemorate, as it was hoped, the extirpation of Christianity. It was to Diocletian, the new Jupiter, and to Maximus, the new Hercules, in commemoration of the destruction of the Christian name and the suppression of Christianity throughout the world. The Pagan world thought that it had succeeded in destroy- ing the Christian name, but the words of Our Lord Jesus Christ had been verified in the Church's regard :—" Fear not; I have conquered the world." " Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her." Not only did the Roman Emperor not succeed, but the Roman Eagle gave place to the Cross of Christ, and the Old Man of the Vatican dispensed laws to-day to more subjects than owed allegiance to the Roman Emperor. Civilisation had put forth all her power to overthrow the Church of God, but was unable to retard her progress. But the Church had to en» counter a more fearful enemy in that of barbarism. In the 4th century huge hordes from Germany spread themselves over the fair provinces of Europe. Civilisation looked as though it was about to be submerged by that huge tidal wave of barbarism. St. Jerome had described the desolation that followed in the path of those fierce hordes, declaring that the foxes had made their dens in the golden palaces of the C®sars. Every vestige of learning and civilisar tion appeared to have been destroyed. There was only one force that withstood the shock, and rode, like Noah's ark, above the raging tempest, and that was the Church of God, bearing within her, to use the words of Macaulay, the germs of a more glorious civilisation. She moulded the barbarians into civilised and Christian men. In the daily papers we often heard of the ignorance of the monks of the Middle Ages. Cardinal Newman said that those who raved against the monks forgot that it was owing to them that people were able : tp write their names. Hftllanj} ha4 were not for the monks jlrf^^Hjld w^jald-to-day know as little .ab^dpsffie -hfefeiy^l Gi^eee and Rome ia/git/'does of the pyramids of bitterest,of 'l^^u^eh^J^ the - faith. AsN^to^iorcl. had Baiddpvf man's worst own : household. It was n8tnS!Tmuch from the external foe as from heir faithless children that thf Church had to suffer. St. Paul' had declared that it was necessary that heresies should arise in the Church.. The -; pride of man's intellect was the cause of heresies. In the second century . St. Iremgu? wrote a book against the heresies of jap day, -mid St. John's Gospel, it had been s|ud, wa8 written to confute heretical . doctrir^s. St. Augustine, in the fourth . century, 1 enumerated- a catalogue of herpries up to his .time. Even during: Church as mai*y as 80 heresies arose, and . from St. Augustine to the 16th century there were no. fewer than 180. As a result of the Reformation, onehundred v years after Luther's time,; says Beljarnaiine, there were 278 forms of Pr^stan^mi^.byki^^se, . and; many•• faith. >eh^med to have She r Arianism in the fourth century woo, fr^ ft fn| ri) pinrt Diiinfl Arius, but it should not surprise the faithful to learn that the children of the Church sometimes inflicted gashes on her. Jesus Christ has said, I have seen Lucifer fall from heaven. St. Jerome had written that in the time of Arianism it looked as though the whole world was on the point of embracing that heresy. Arian, however, like those heretics who preceded him, did not succeed in his efforts to destroy the Church of God. Why do the nations rage, and why do the people devise evil things against Christ and His Church ? If the Church were destructible, she would long ago have ceased to exist. Then there was the revolt in the west. The pride of a priest raised a rebellion against the authority of the Holy See. A great many nations fell away from the faith, including Germany and Switzerland. Calvin, in France, tried to rob the Church of her children, and England, also, fell away from the faith of her fathers. It looked as though the end of the Church was approaching during that storm of heresy. But Christ had promised to remain always with His Church, and de- clared that the gates of hell would not prevail against her. And, today, was there really any real life in Protestantism ? Was it not a fact that there were many evidences in her ranks of decay and disintegration ? It was impossible to find two individuals in her communion who believed exactly the same doctrines. The Catholic Church, at the end of the nineteenth century, numbered more subjects than the whole of the Protestant sects together, and in the 280 millions of her children, of any nation, tongue, or clime, it was impossible to find two individual Catholics who did not believe exactly the same doctrines. She was, in the language of Macaulay, to-day sending forth missionaries to every part of the world, who were as full of zeal as those who landed with St. Augustine in England. Her vitality was as fresh and as vigorous as during the brightest period of her existence. What a glorious thing it was to belong to that Church ! And was it not the highest honour and privilege to owe allegiance to her ? She was as fresh, vigorous, and young as when she came forth from the hands of her Divine Founder, Our Lord Jesus Christ. The Church of God was built, not on the shifting sands, but on a rock, where the rains and wind could not move her, and Christ, according to His promise, was with her all days, even to the consummation of the world. " Fear not," He said to her, " I have conquered the world." And He warned the Church of the persecutions that awaited her— " You shall be hated for My sake ; yea, the hour cometh when he who killeth you will think he doeth a service to God." It was, indeed, a great glory to belong to the Church of God. St. Theresa, that great, enlightened servant of God, when on her death-bed, and about to receive her well merited crown of glory at the hands of her Divine King, gave expression to these words, " After all, O Lord, my greatest happiness is that I die a child of the Catholic Church." They had met that day to help to extend the influence of the Church of God. An appeal was being made on behalf of that noble and majestic pile of buildings that stood on Eastern Hill. That building was a noble act of faith in the doctrines of the Church of God. Everyone felt proud of that noble edifice— a noble profession of faith in the Catholic Church. He well remembered, some ten or fifteen years ago, how very few then dreamed that the Cathedral would be completed by this time ; but, thanks to the blessing of God, and the untiring energy of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, the work of completion was an accomplished fact. In a few days the whole Hierarchy of Australasia would come to witness and take part in the opening ceremony of the Cathedral. It would be a lasting glory and satisfaction, and a consolation on their death-bed to all who helped to bring the work to a finish. No one was ever brought to poverty by giving to works devoted to the honour and glory of God. He would ask the congregation to be generous in their offerings to God. Poor as the Catholic people were, it was nevertheless true that the noble monuments of religion had been built by the pence of the poor. By making a little sacrifice on the present occasion they would prove the sincerity of that faith which said— " I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church," and they would effectively prove their earnestness in extending the influence of the Church of God. A very generous response was made to Fr. Ryan's appeal. The choir was present in its full strength, and rendered Mozart's Twelfth Mass with excellent effect, the principals being :— Mrs. Riley (soprano), Mrs. Hill (con- tralto), Mr. Fitzgerald (tenor), and Mr. Luscombe (bass). Mr. Riley acted as conductor, and Miss Gallagher presided at the organ. 