THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 17, 1897. THE VICTORIAN TIMBER RESOURCES. Some years ago the conservation of the timber resources of Victoria was the subject of public meetings in various parts of the country, and a strong feeling was expressed that steps should be taken by the Govern- ment not only to protect the timber reserves in an effectual manner, but to replant areas which had been devastated, and thus ensure a continuous supply of timber for the neces- sities of the future. The example of the farseeing dwellers in other lands who ordered the planting of one or more trees in the place of every tree destroyed was cited, and the practice which had led to the destruction of thousands of trees in various parts of the country was condemned in unmeasured terms. A noted visitor to Victoria who travelled through some of the finest forest country in Gippsland remarked with regret akin to in- dignation that the pernicious system of ringing timber had led to the melancholy spectacle of miles and miles of gaunt white trees stretching out their bare branches, the ghosts of a magnificent forest growth. That the care of our forests and the culti- vation of timber of various kinds should be under Government supervision is necessary, not only for the needs of the colony itself, but for the purposes of export, in connection with which it is possible to establish a very profitable industry. Up to a comparatively recent date very little value was placed upon Vic- torian timber by the community. There were many experts of course who have maintained for years that the Victorian tim- bers were destined to become very valuable as they became better known. For rough work which required timber of a durable class, the product of the Victorian forests has for years been considered emi- nently suitable, but it was only recently that the adaptability of certain classes to finer work such as interior house car- pentry and cabinet work has been recog- nised. From time to time reports of experts have borne out the view that there are many classes of Victorian timber suit- able for special purposes. Thus a survey of the Cape Otway Forest by Mr. Howitt led to the expression of opinion that it contained “mountain ash in countless numbers, of gigantic proportions, of fine and unequalled grain, and one tree furnishing 7,000 palings; blackwood of the finest description, satin box in abundance, olive, pencil wood, sycamore and musk ; he pointed out that the ash was most suitable for doors, wains- coting, carving and general furniture, and the sycamore for ornamental and decorative purposes ; and that blackwood and satin box would make handsome drawingroom furni- ture, as would also the beeches, after which the forest is named ; that the pencilwood was just the thing for light furniture, and that the olive would answer excellently for machinery and tool handles. There was also any quantity of white and yellow box, suitable for sleepers and paving blocks.” A visit to the Bemm river district by Mr. Perrin prompted him to speak in glowing terms of vast areas of iron bark, red gum, mountain ash, blue and grey gum and stringy bark. No doubt reports of an equally favorable character could be pro- duced with regard to many other districts comprised in the five or six million acres of forest land in Victoria. When Mr. Dow was in office, as Minister of Agriculture, a report was prepared by an expert from India, in which the want of system in dealing with the forest re- serves and the inefficient protection of the forests were strongly condemned. But the Minister was either unwilling or unable to turn the report to proper account, and as Parliament has never seemed to grasp the importance of the subject nothing has been done beyond appointing a conservator of forests, Mr. Perrin, who is in too much subjection to the Mines or Lands department to render very effective service. Now that the value of Australian timber is being recognised in England and elsewhere for wood paving and other pur- poses, the Government should take steps to establish what ought to become a very im- portant branch of commerce. In a recent article on this subject, the Age drew atten- tion to the magnificent asset possessed by the colony in the shape of timber reserves and strongly urged immediate action to place the administration of the Forestry de- partment on such a footing that the colony would be enabled to do what it can do if allowed, namely, supply the English de- mand. The attention of Mr. Sinclair, the agricultural expert, and the Agent General has been drawn to the question by the de- mand for Australian timber in England, and there is reason to hope that the Government will take cognisance of the matter during the next Parliamentary ses- sion. The Federal Convention Elections.—Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs :—The official returns for the voting for the federal elections show that the 10 successful candidates polled as follow :— Sir George Turner, 84,048 ; Dr. Quick, 72,352 ; Mr. Deakin, 62,654; Mr. Peacock, 61,941 ; Mr. Isaacs, 56,981; Mr. Tren- with, 55,693 ; Sir G. Berry, 52,664 ; Mr. Fraser, 49,886 ; Sir W. A. Zeal, 48,119 ; and Mr. Hig- gins, 44,105. Then come Sir H. Wrixon, 43,569; Sir F. Sargood, 40,188; and Mr. N. Fitzgerald, 36,797. The Alleged Eaglehawk Murder.—The investigation of the charge preferred against the young man Charles John Hall of wilfully murdering his wife, Minnie Hall, at Eaglehawk, on 11th February last, was com- menced before Mr. P. J. Dwyer, P.M., at the Eaglehawk Police Court at 10 o’clock yesterday morning. The liveliest interest was taken in the proceedings, and throughout the day a large number of persons, including many women, gathered about the precincts of the courthouse. The police anticipating that there would be a rush, took the precaution of closing the doors when about a score of people had entered the court, thereby preventing the place being over- crowded. Mr. J. T. T. Smith prosecuted on behalf of the Crown, and Dr. Quick and Mr. Hyett defended the accused. Much valuable time was saved and a considerable quantity of evidence was taken by reason of the fact that the depositions were taken in shorthand by Mr. Lincoln, one of the most expert of the Government shorthand writers. His notes were rapidly transcribed to type-written by Mr. Webb, one of his colleagues, and an as- sistant who had been specially sent up for the task. Mr. J. T. T. Smith took occasion to re- mark that he and Dr. Quick were united in ex- pressing surprise at the marvellous exhibition of taking and reading evidence by the short- hand writer. Dr. Quick and the P.M. also fol- lowed in a complimentary strain. Thirteen witnesses were examined, leaving 22 yet to be called. The accused maintained the utmost composure throughout, and once especially, when the witness Perrow was puzzled by the simple question as to what day of the week yesterday was, joined in the laugh which followed Perrow’s hesitating reply, “It’s Tues- day, I suppose.” Hall frequently nodded and smiled at acquaintances in the body of the court. He partook of a hearty dinner, which was brought to him in court during the ad- journment for luncheon. There was a large re- presentation of the press. In addition to the reporters of the Bendigo journals, the Argus and Herald were represented in Mr. W. E. G. Salter and Mr. T. Kelynack. The case will be resumed at 10 o’clock this morning, and is ex- pected to last all day. A full report appears elsewhere. M.U.I.O.O.F.—The grand annual movable committee commenced its sittings at Portland yesterday. Owing to unusual pressure upon our space a report of the proceedings is held over. Marong Water Supply.—In connection with the steps which have been taken lately to secure a water supply for Wilson’s Hill, Mr. J. H.Abbott, M.L.C., has received the follow- ing communication from the secretary for Mines and Water Supply :—“With reference to your interview with me concerning the con- tinuation of the water race to Wilson’s Hill, I beg to inform you that the department is expediting matters as much as possible, and it is hoped that operations will be commenced within the next fortnight.” The Watterson Relief Fund.—We have received the sum of 9s 6d from the employes of Messrs. Denton Bros. for the above fund. The Weather.—Yesterday the weather was most disagreeable. Strong winds from the north-west prevailed, raising clouds of dust until about 4 p.m., when rain fell. The night was fine, but cold. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, jeweller, were:—Thermometer, 9 a.m., 62°; 12 noon, 68° ; 3 p.m., 69°; 6 p.m., 68°; maximum, 71°; minimum, 54°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.18° ; 3 p.m., 29.00°; 6 p.m., 29.10. Precautionary Measures.—That the authorities in Melbourne expect trouble be- tween the adherents of the orange and the green to-day is evident from the fact that police have been called to the metropolis from various country districts. Sixteen men were despatched from Bendigo yesterday. Our Castlemaine correspondent states that several officers and men from that district proceeded to Melbourne by the afternoon train yesterday. Differing Doctors.—The air was electric in the Eaglehawk courthouse yesterday as soon as Dr. Neild appeared. He desired to get away by the afternoon train, and Mr. J. T. T. Smith asked the bench to take his evidence before lunch. “It will occupy very little time, your worship,” Mr. Smith smilingly insinuated. “Will it?” demanded Dr. Quick. “Dr. Neild will have to stop in Bendigo this afternoon. I will have something to say as to the length of his evidence. Dr. Neild must make his Melbourne business subservient to this case.” Dr. Neild warmly resented the tone of Dr. Quick’s remarks, and styled it offensive and insolent. Mr. Dwyer poured oil on the troubled waters, and the two doctors, who had become very “warm,” simmered down. During the afternoon there were one or two other little “ breezes,” but nothing serious eventuated. The Easter Fair.—Matters in connection with the approaching carnival to be held during Easter week are progressing in a most satis- factory manner, and there is every indication that this year’s festivities will equal if not ex- cell all previous demonstrations. The hon. secretary, Mr. H. M. Marks, has secured a number of startling novelties, while the shows will in every instance be of a superior class and higher standard than usual. The sports promise to be more than usually successful and attractive, and entries are coming forward in a highly satisfactory manner, the Easter Fair Wheel Race of 100 sovs. being the piece de re- sistance. All entries close on the 30th instant for the sports. Dr. C. Pabst.—This gentleman, son of the well-known California Gully resident (Mr. J. Pabst) is returning to Auckland to-day after a few weeks visit to this colony. Dr. Pabst has for some time past held the responsible position of house physician at the Auckland Hospital, and during his visit to Victoria has been suc- cessful in adding the degree of M.D. to that of M.B. held previously by him. Dr. Pabst still plays cricket, and with the Gordon Club, one of the leading four in Auckland, has quite maintained his batting reputation. It is pos- sible that he will form one of the New Zealand eleven to visit Victoria next season. The Recent Cycling Accident.—A. H. Clinton, who was injured with several other riders while training on the Show Grounds track on Monday, is still confined in the hos- pital. In all probability, however, he will be in a condition to leave the institution shortly. The Vaccination Act.—Yesterday no fewer than 14 persons were fined £1 each, with costs, at the City Police Court for neglecting to have their infants vaccinated. In every case the parents stated they were adverse to run the risk of vaccination and preferred to pay the fine. Cheap Excursion.—Yesterday morning the excursion train which was run from Melbourne to Echuca on Monday made the return journey to the metropolis, stopping at all stations on the route between Echuca and Bendigo. In all 500 passengers were booked from this city. The Beehive Drapery Establishment.— It is notified by advertisement that in con- sequence of St. Patrick’s Day sports falling on Wednesday this year Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson will close the Beehive an hour earlier than usual to-day. Death in the Hospital.—Daisy Graham, aged six years, admitted on 8th March, died yesterday from diphtheria. City Police Court.—Messrs. Anderson, Gib- son and Hoskins, Js.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. An elderly woman named Ann O’Dell was charged with vagrancy. As the unfortunate old creature stated that she was in an entirely destitute condition and with- out friends, she was sentenced to one month’s imprisonment. Inspector Murphy stated that an attempt had been made to get her into the Benevolent Asylum, but at present there were no empty beds. She would probably be admitted into the institution in the meantime. Geo. Wing Goon, a young half-caste Chinese, was charged on remand with stealing a shovel from a Chinaman named Ah Foon, at Kangaroo Flat, on the 2nd inst. Mr. Dunlop appeared for the accused. The shovel was identified as Ah Foon’s property by two of his countrymen, and a lad named Fedden stated that the prisoner had told him he had “shook” the shovel from a Chinaman. The accused was sentenced to seven days’ imprisonment, the sentence to be suspended for 12 months on one surety of £10 for his good behavior during that time. A re- lative of the lad went surety for the amount. For neglecting to have their infants vaccinated in accordance with the Act, 14 persons were fined £1 with costs ranging from 1s upwards. Several debt cases were dealt, and the court adjourned. Reduced Fares to West Australia.— Messrs. Maurice Moran and Co., local agents for Messrs. M‘Ilwraith, M‘Eacharn and Co., announce that the favorite ocean- going s.s. Cloncurry will depart for West Australia on Friday. Special reductions, as will be seen in the advertisement, have been made in steerage fares, and splendid accommodation has been prepared for stock. Cogill’s Minstrels.—Lovers of minstrel en- tertainments are reminded that Cogill’s new troupe will open for a short season at the Royal Princess’ Theatre to-morrow night. Indian Famine Relief Fund.—We have received the sum of £1 17s 11d towards the above, the result of a special collection in the Congregational Sunday School, per Mr. F. J. Warren, secretary. An Owner Wanted.—The Golden-square police require an owner for a pick and tin dish, which are supposed to have been stolen. St. Paul’s Sunday School.—The annual festival of the school begins on Sunday next, when three special services will be held, the preachers being the Ven. Archdeacon Mac- Cullagh and the Rev. W. C. Sadlier, M.A. Special singing will be rendered by St. Paul’s Harmony Society. During the ensuing week various entertainments will be given in the schoolroom, particulars of which appear in our advertising columns. W.C.T.U.—The anniversary tea and concert of the Eaglehawk branch will be held this evening in the Primitive Methodist Sunday School. Dr. Cook will take the chair, and a good programme has been arranged. California Hill Wesleyan Church.—The temperance meeting in connection with the above church, which was announced to be held to-night, has been postponed till to-morrow evening at 8 o’clock. Sale of Station Property.—Messrs. F. Hill and Co. (late Grattan and Stamp) report having sold and delivered the Mitiamo Park Estate, near Mitiamo, in the northern district of Victoria, and containing about 3,990 acres, at a satisfactory price for cash. The purchaser was Mr. W. J. Hill. BEEBE and MAYNE, monumental sculptors and general stonemasons, Mitchell-street (tram terminus), beg to inform the general public they supply monuments, etc., of the newest and best designs. All workmanship guaranteed the best.— ADVT.] FINN’S MAGIC OINTMENT ) Manufactory FINN’S MAGIC OINTMENT ) Carpenter-st. FINN’S LIVER PILLS ) Bendigo. FINN’S LIVER PILLS ) —[ADVT “THE PEN is MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD” Therefore, use good pens, paper, envelopes and account books ; also real good literature, for which visit M. J. E. Stapleton, 29 Arcade.—[ADVT.] BENDIGO HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY AUTUMN FRUIT and FLOWER SHOW, Town Hall, Wednesday and Thursday, 24th and 25th March. Entries close at the secretary’s office at 6 p.m. on the 19th inst. J. HEMMING, Secretary. —[ADVT.] The Misses Ashworth, dyers, Mitchell-street, notify that all kinds of clothing are dyed at their establishment in a superior manner. 