A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. ? THE INTERESTING CASE OF MR. THOMAS JARVIS, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIPPLED — ~ PARTIALLY PARALYSED, SUFFERING FROM LOCO MOTOR ' ATAXIA, AND - HELPLESS. DOCTORS, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERYONE SAID HE MUST DIE, AS HIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. TO-DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. So much interest has 'been sfrawn by our readers in this marvellous case that we have publshed the facts again as they appeared in the 'Australian Workman' a few weeks ago: — One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 CroTPn-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nirnsing a twoyear old jba'by, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and. able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions he said 'You want to know all about my case? Well, 1 am glad of the opportunity to tell you. ..The facts may be of value to those who are stricken' as I vras.' | 'How long -were you suffering?' 'Wall, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing jjin.ee then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up , my billet at the Glebe Island.' 'What were the symptoms?' 'Simply indescribable.. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They w-ere for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I Had no control over my bowels or j bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and ehataiig, i and could neither eat nor eleep. On the 23rd ! Msreh last I saw a ?well-known doctor, and he told j me that my case was utterly hopeless. HoArover, ! he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable ! Ir-stitivtions.' j 'Did you make use of the order?' j 'No;/I came home and went to bed, and have i been tfretty well in bed ever since. Mve weeks ! ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I : could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ! all over with me, and only a. question of days ' when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wae attending me, and did all he oould, by opium and morpliia pUle, to ease the agony I was in: I was ' under himjfor five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was. suffering from locomotor \ ataxia, or progressive locomot-or ataxy, a disease of I tbe spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbs j ances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating volun- ; ?tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of I my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs j about with energy to show that medical opinion is I not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man -will . grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed { by the -advertisement describing the cure effected ! in the case of another boiler-maker in England, ,' wnicn I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by i Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in. the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I fcad for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left tne bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am new taking the fifth box. I can walk about with tbe aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? They ?were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I -was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, ana I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' . ' ; *'He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who Jiad come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'Dr. Williams* Pink Pills have saved his I life, and made another man of him.?' A friend who called in at this -^oint said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, ''have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able -to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strengtn to woric at tfiat trade. I axo. better to day than I have been at any time, -during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved jiny life. I am in no pain, now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden, the excruciating pain. Bui they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' . ? Such is tfie remarkable .story, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country ?of the astonishing ?cures wrought by .Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Bale People. They cure loconibtor ataxy,, partial .paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impover isted state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow: complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of fcreatft,1 pains in the back, nervous fceadachei'&cA; \ ; These jijllssara sa.: tonic;- not a purgative. .They, are genuine only -with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for. Pale People, and are sold by chem ists and storekeepers generally, or the Drl Williams* Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Syd^ ney, will forward on receipt; of stamps or post or der one boxfor 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d.—0. 