Jottings by the Way. Bowen is suffering from pains in its loy- alty. The following from the "Times" ex- presses the groans :—"The cruiser Karra- katta left for the North on Wednesday. She did not make much stir while here, but loyal Bowenites at the very least expected a salute on Queen's Birthday. One of the crew in- formed us that the captain and first lieuten- ant were away shooting, and there was no responsible officer left on board to order the firing of a single gun. Not even a rocket or search light or blue light. Compare this with, the royal salute and other loyal pro- ceedings at Pretoria, and the action or want of action of H.M.S. Karrakatta will not show favourably." The revenue officer is not usually popu- lar, but he gets ahead of things occasionally. Thus the Gympie " Times" :—" Two strangers, carrying heavy swags, tramped slowly up Mary-street one afternoon this week, covered with dust, and looking thor- oughly knocked up. They accosted one of our cutest citizens, who prides himself, not without reason, upon being a keen judge of men, and they spun him a pitiful tale of the hard day's tramp they had done, closing with a request for a 'bob' to buy two drinks, just to wash the dust out of their throats, &c.; The shilling was duly handed over, and the citizen felt, as he saw them enter the nearest bar for their refresher, that he had helped in a small way to smooth the thorny path of life for two unfortunates. His changed feelings may be imagined when he subsequently learnt that the two strangers were cleverly disguised revenue officers." Thus " Woomera" :—" A party of visitors were being shown over the sewage farm at Werribeo, when a thunderstorm came on, and they rushed for shelter wherever they could find it. Two of the party, a priest and a suburban councillor, found a snug hiding place in a huge iron pipe, where, seated on a convenient box, they smoked, and let the elements rage as they pleased. The storm was still in progress, and the lightning vivid, when the engineer of works, seeing where they were planted, called out, ' Come out of that at once.' 'No fear,' they laughed ; 'we know when we're well off.' 'All right,' he said quietly ; ' but you may be off at any moment, for that's dynamite you're sitting on.' Two men dashed wildly out into the storm, nor rain nor thunder troubled them the least. 'For a man who's always talking about heaven,' said the engineer, as he laughed at the priest, ' you showed some eagerness to miss the trip.' 'It's not heaven I object to,' retorted his reverence, ' but I'm very particular as to the way I get there.' " It is singularly unfortunate for the Home Secretary in the matter of the release of the Coombemartin prisoners that his action is reminiscent of that of a certain Eesopian character. The Minister has not been very warmly commended in the Radical press ; he has been soundly rated as a squeesable element in the Press generally, and the La- bour organ has nothing kind to say of him. Merely an advertisement, and not calcu- lated, to wipe out his former affronts to Labour. That is the " Worker" way of in- terpreting the action. Poor Mr. Tozer ! Perhaps he finds solace in the reflection that the " Worker" is at present not in love with Mr. Glassey, and that the Parliamentary Labour leader is not playing in the "Worker" yard. So long as he and Mr. Glassey are rowing in the same boat there is hope, he will no doubt think. That ! for the " Worker" ; and That ! for the Press gener- ally ! The new Damon and Pythias can defy them all ! A Singapore paper has the following :— " In my opinion, it pays a lawyer to be hon- est. I am quite aware that, in this matter as in many others, I am singular in my views ; but my views are strengthened by a little incident which one of my Chinese friends recounted to me the other day. He wanted to bring an action against somebody about something, and, in the usual trustful Chinese fashion, he took his story to two separate lawyers. In the first instance, the treatment he received from each was pre- cisely similar. Each listened to the story, and each said that he would like to see ten dollars before proceeding to give an opinion. Each got the ten dollars, and each gave the opinion. Lawyer A said : ' Certainly, you have a good ground of action. Pay a hun- dred dollars down, and I will issue a writ.' Lawyer B said : ' You have not any ground of action, but you can bring an action if you like. You will lose it, but that does not matter to me so long as you pay a hundred dollars down before issuing the writ.' The writ was not issued : but my Chinese friend has conceived a higher admiration for law- yer B than for Lawyer A, and he has nar- rated the story to a wide circle of friends." " The Chinese habit of obtaining the opin- ion of two different lawyers is certainly in- gonious," continues the same writer, " but I think, perhaps, that my Chinese friends carry it too far when they bring the same practice into the realms of medicine. There is one young Chinese gentleman, for whom I have a high esteem, who was feeling pret- ty ill some time ago, and. In the short space of one week, he consulted no fewer than eight Orang Puteh doctors. To some ex- tent, also, he tested their different medi- cines ; but, finally, he made a bargain with a medical man of his own great nation upon the admirable principle that the Chinese medical man was to be paid fifty dollars if the patient were cured, and nothing if he were not cured. To the credit of the Mon- golian race, I should add that my young Chinese friend admitted that he was cured, and paid up the fifty dollars like a man." Mr. Wragge has given us a new disturb- ance, " Svea." A Northern paper the other day suggested that Mr. Wragge should give his storms more popular terms, such as " Carbine," " Fitzsimmons," or " Glad- stone." We have received an idea from a well-known mercantile gentleman who for some years held office under the present Chief Justice. He thinks that the names of local politicians should be given to the weather developments. For instance : "We note a new antarctic disturbance ; heavy wind likely, with considerable thunder, nothing else ; we have named this storm Macdonald-Paterson. Or : An anticyclonic nucleus is noticeable over the Darling Downs, acting as a condenser (in tearful phrase), in the neighbourhood of Too- woomba ; we have baptised it ' William Henry.' Or : A development over the Wide Bay area seems likely to cause trouble ; occasional boisterous squalls ; wind veer- ing from south-east to north-west ; direc- tion of the storm uncertain, but seems in clined to extend to the Bundaberg district, and coalesce with a high wind which is de- veloping there ; should a junction be effected between these phenomena we may expect something steeply the way of verbal grad- ients with much tumult—but little damage ; we have named these ' Tozer' and ' Glass- ey.' " The idea might be continued through the whole list of members of the Assembly, omitting, of coarse, those who are so placid that they may be said to be without weather at all. A short, sharp, peppery squall might be named " M'Donald" ; a gentle somni- ferous breeze, lasting for days with its linked sweetness long drawn out, would be appropriately uamed " Hardacre," and a real southerly buster, with a Boanerges ring about it, might be deemed properly dis- tinguished as " Annear." Should repeti- tion threaten to make the names of mem- bers of the Assembly weary, Mr. Wragge could fall back on the Legislative Council. The change would be appreciated when there was nothing much to record ; each wandering zephyr could be made familiar to us by a local name such as " Heuasler," " Turner," or even " Cowilshaw," while, should anything more forceful have to be met, we have "Palmer" " Morehead," " Buzacott," and a few others of a subdued type of turbulence. We commend the idea to Mr. Wragge for consideration when next he takes a long trip abroad. A noble service by miners is reported from Victoria. On Queen's Birthday one of a party had a leg broken by a fallen true, and no medical aid being available on the spot, thirty-two of his mates volunteered to carry him to a township. He was crossed ever a flooded river and two creeks on logs and over rough country for twenty miles on the first day. On the second day the journey was eighteen .miles over terribly hard roads. The injured man at last reports was doing well. The work of carrying an injured man over flooded creeks and rough country is never a simple matter, and the conduct of the Victorian miners in this case is warmly praised, and a complimentary telegram has been sent them by the Minister for Mines. The battle is being fought over again in Melbourne, according to " Atticus," who has the following :—" Poor little Greece ! She is badly whipped, but in the hour of her extremity it may console her to hear of a Graeco-Turkish engagement in South Mel- bourne, Victoria, Australia, in which the Grecian arms were triumphant. It was on a warm afternoon last week a swarthy foreigner was squatted behind a curiously shaped can ornamented with twisted papers on Beaconsfleld-parade. Appear a short, thick-set, dark man, walking leisurely, puff- ing a cigarette. ' Turkey lolly, nicee lolly !' pleaded the gentle spirit behind the can. ' What-a ?' snarled the pedestrian, turning on him fiercely. ' Turkey lolly, sweet-a lolly!' murmured the other in- sinuatingly. Then the crash come. The short, thick-set man fell upon the turbanned and malignant party with the can, and the pair rolled in the sand, fighting vigorously. But the Greek was much the better man, and having revenged himself upon the mis- creant who dared to offer him, a noble Athenian, the cursed lolly of the base, brutal, and bloody Turk, the Giaour strutted off, while the Turkey lolly man gathered up his stock-in-trade and went to tell his tale of woe to a distant policeman." Some of Wallace Nelson's lecture at Long- reach :—" What bad the fat man been do- ing all through the ages ? He had put men of his own order into Parliament. He had taken possession of the executive govern- ment, of the police, and the military. He had made laws in his own interest. He then said to the lean man : ' These are our laws. If you don't obey them, our police will lock you up in our prisons, and our soldiers will shoot you down.' Let the lean man go and do likewise. Let him take possession of the government, and let him make just laws in the interest of all, and then let him say to the fat man : ' These are our laws, and, following your admirable example, if you don't obey them our police will lock you up in our prisons and our soldiers will shoot you down.' (Loud laughter and cheers.) Fortunately, the sol- dier was a person who, when told to shoot, does so, and asks no questions. When the fat man tells him to shoot the lean man he shoots. When the lean man tells him to shoot the fat man he will do so with more readiness and more effect—for it is easier to shoot a at man than a thin one. (Loud laughter.) Not by bloodshed, not by force, not by physical revolution, but by culture, by education, and by constitutional means could the workers undermine and destroy the old order and rear in its place a higher and nobler one, founded on the eternal principles of justice, and extending to all the children of men the possibility of a high, a happy, and a glorious human life. (Loud cheers.)" The best of the " Good" stories is flred off by the Wide Bay " News" in this form :— " Mr. A. D. Good, an old Maryborough resident of some twenty years ago, has lately come from New Zealand, and visitors to the late show will remember the beautiful walking-sticks he exhibited made of New Zealand woods. While in New Zealand he started business as a carpenter, and put on his signboard, ' A Good, carpenter.' As a good many jokes were made in reference to his being a good carpenter, he altered his sign to A. D. Good, carpenter.' He only made the chaff more plentiful, as many con- structions were made about the D." Sir John Forrest is apparently in for a lively time in England. He haas been flood- ed with visitors, we are told, who want to know, you know, all about, mining mat- ters in the land which Sir John represents. The Jubilee honours, the royal carriages, even the military escort and the palace flunkeys will weigh lightly in the scales when put against the entreaties, the indig- nant queries, and the bounce of fleeced in vestors in wild-cat companies. The pros- pect of enjoyment for Sir John Forrest is very remote ; even as he sleeps a spectral form, flourishing a roll of scrip in one hand and a blazing prospectus in another, will shriek out upon the silent night of his dreams : What is the value of Wild-cat Prospecting Areas (unlimited) ? The West- ralian Premier little knew what was before him when he left the quiet comforts of Perth. The English chuckle-head who list- ened to the voice-of the charmer (swindler) will be quite prepared to believe that Sir John is responsible for the return of the money cast away. Some night the British people will hear of a burly man in labour er's attire carrying a small bundle done up in a pocket- handkerchief, and slinking on board an Australia bound steamer. He will book as Thomas Brown, and cable messages will report that Premier Forrest has had to leave England suddenly for Westralia on account of family matters. And the shrieking ghosts of disappointed speculators will follow him. In a rush of work and partially dazed by the glory of the presence of be many Pre- miers, the cableman has recently neglected some of the good people who have gone hence to England and elsewhete to join in the Jubilee rejoicings. Particularly do we refer to the Hon. the Attorney-General, who, as far as the cable man has been concerned, might have been some ordinary carpet-bagger just home for a run to see friends and relatives and got up-to-date impressions. We now note that the Attor- ney-General has accompanied Sir Hugh Nelson on a visit to M. Hanotaux, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs. There is some consolation in that. The Hon. Thomas is not quite up to French as she is spoken in Ministerial circles in "Gay Paree," but his presence would lend weight to any representation Sir Hugh might be pleased to make. For instance, say that the New Caledonia convict question is being discussed, an admixture of Yeronga French and idiomatic Queenalandese would be very effective : " Wee, wee, Mussoo ! That feller recidiviste ; you know convict, escapee prisonnier—my word that feller baal bud- geree, mauvais, coquin. Savee voo ? No like him longa Queensland, pas bien venu. Twiggee voo ?" That would settle the hash of Hanotaux. Residents in Northern goldfields have to suffer a good deal that coast and Southern folk know nothing of. Here is an incident from the Croydon " Golden Age" of the 26th May :—" The steamer last week was at her anchorage in good time ; mails, passen- gers, and at least a ton weight of com- mercial travellers' luggage were landed by train on Croydon on Friday evening ; yet no fruit or produce came to hand. The train on Monday also only brought up a few eases of fruit, too late to be utilised that day, it being a holiday. We have made inquiries of the railway officials, and find it was no fault of theirs. Then whose fault is it ? We contend that fruit and produce, which we only get once a fortnight, are of far greater importance to the inhabitants of this field than a deckload of 'commercials' samples,' which seem to occupy the space on the little steamer which should by right be devoted to perishable goods intended for consumption on Croydon. This is one of the reasons we so strenuously urge the dredging of the bar, and oner which the council should note at their nest meeting." Certain erudite feminists, of their own sex, we engaged, we read, upon a new and revised version of the Bible. They are not satisfied with the presentment given to woman there, and they are minded to see whether an " overhauling of the volume" may net result in setting her in a better light. Their labours up to date have not, according to the " Pall Hall Gazette," ex- tended beyond the Book of Genesis, but so far as they have gone the seem to have found the authorised version none too favourable. They are, for instance, con- strained to admit that some of the indis- pensable virtues are lacking in Sarah ; that Rebecca's strong point was not the point of honour, and that Rachel's concern for her husband's reputation left a good deal to be desired. On the other hand, words fall them to express their admiration of Eve. " The courage, the dignity, and the noble ambition of the first woman stand out as an example for all her daughters to emulate. Hers was the beau role in the Eden drama, and how mean was man's ! She was the victim of her intellectuality. Not dress or diamonds undid her, but her ardent thirst for know- ledge. The Emperor William was present at the launch, at the Vulcan Shipbuilding Com- pany's yard at Stettin, of the steel twin- screw steamer Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, said to be one of the largest and fastest liners in the world. She is 649 ft. long by 66ft. beam by 43ft. deep ; her tonnage is 14,000, and her displacement 20,000. She has fifteen bulkheads and one longitudinal bulkhead between the engines, which are independent of each other. Her engines will be of 30.000 1.h.p., and will drive the vessel at 22 knots. 