Y.M.C.A. ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary celebration of the Young Men's Christian Association will be held in the Town Hall on Thursday evening next. His Excellency the Governor has consented to occupy the chair, and the Misses Buxton will preside at the tea. Among?t the speakers will be the 'Rev. Dr. Clifford, of London, Canon Hopcraft, and Mr. T. W. Fleming. The evening will be Enlivened with music, vocal and instrumental, and promises to, be particu larly successful. The grand organ will be use(L; - ~ ; ? , At the international fair in aid of the Church of the Holy Cross, Goodwood, the ladies pre siding at the stalls and their assistants had a very busy time on Saturday afternoon and evening. Very good business was done, and no doubt when the receipts for the week are made up a satisfactory sum will' be the result. Aa excellent programme of music was carried ouc during tbe evening. The following vocalists kindly gave their eerriceG:—Mrs. Geach and MurreU. Misses- Conrad and Lnddy, and Messrs. McDennott and V. J. rjiebert. Professor Davidson gave a mandolin solo, and was beard later in a fine rendering of the well-known air, "Let me like a soldier faJL" Mr. Louis Conrad gave a spirited recitation. Mrs. Stapleton generously gave her services as accompanist during to,? evening. The lair will be concluded to-night, when the valuable collection of prizes will fee deposed of on tbe set onion principle. 'The mayor has consented to preside at the drawing, assisted by the Hon. J. V. CLoghUn (Chief Secretary), the Hon. L. O'Loofdiun (Cotnmla moner of Crown Lands), Dr. O'Connell, and the'bazaar committee. - .£- A very successful concert in aid of the Sun day-school funds was held in Chalmers Church Lecture-hall on Friday evening. May 14. The minister of the church. Dr. j>aton, acted as chairman. In spite of tbe disagreeable weather j there was a good attendance, for whom there was provided an excellent programme, mostly the work.of kind friends outside the church. The openingoverture, Duasek's "Consolation," by Miss Congreve, was rendered with spirit. The popular " Holy City, * by Miss Philippeon, was suug with expression, and met with tie usual acceptance. Mrs. Melrose sang two Scotch songs very effectively, namely '? Castles in the air" and "The auld Scotch Bangs,"' which took well with the audience. Two of her daughters. Misses Effie and Flossie Mel rose, rendered successfully two dnets on tbe violin; .tliev£nmer of them also singing very sweetly "On the banks of Allan Water." Miss Smith-KJontiitrated two songs, of which per haps the latter, "Somebody loves me," *ca* the more taking, though both were good. Ht,' LyonsanK with much vigor and melody tbe two songs, "ThedeathleSBarmy"and "Oniin the deep," while Mr. Wright did bis part *ell in tbe song of "The old brigade." Misses Chessman and D. Brown played ,-with great verve a ringing duet of Scotch reels outte pianoforte. AfteVa hearty vote of thanks tbe . ?'.Queen's Anthem closed tbe concert. "Tfiose-bf our readers who were'present at the B.H.M^. meeting in die Town Hall last week will remember the characteristically earnest and forcible appeal which the Eev. F. E. Perrin made an that occasion for funds to build the new church so badly needed in Quoro. We fuHy expected," says the Church Neva, "from the tone of this gentleman's remarks that be, realising the urgent necessity of the undertaking, bad resolved, at all h????^ to accomplish the work he hadeet himself to per form, and we were therefore quite prepared and are now much gratified to learn that the sum —45160—required to complete the fall cost of the building will be ere long successfully raised. We congratulate Mr. Perrin on bis energy and seal in this matter, and we hope m a sub sequent issue to be allowed to publish a, de tailed list of the subscriptions received in answer to bis appeal." Tbe same journal re marks:—"The parish of St. Paul's, Narra-j oiorte, con now pride itself on possessing a I parsonage. It is a goodf wen-roomed house, well built, and (splendidly situated, with Ti acres of land. The property, which originally belonged to the lato Mr. George Ash, ALP., has been purchased by the congregation of St. -Paul's. I The anniversary services of the Bible) Christian Church, Gladstone, were held on; Sunday and Monday, May 9 and 10. On Sun day three sermons were conducted by the Rev. J. Nairn in the morning, the Rev. W. G. [Clarke in tho afternoon, and the Rev. EL T. Kush in tbe evening; good attendances at all 'cervices. On Monday evening the Rev. J. Nairn delivered his lecture on Dickons' "Christmas Carols" to a large number. He was very successful in his delineation of the various characters in "Marley's Ghost," especially those of Scrooge and Scrooge's nephew. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him. A floral and industrial exhibition in connec tion with St. Peter's Sunday-school, Glenelg, ?rasheld in St. Peter's lecture-hall on Satur day afternoon. The exhibition, which was organised by Canon Green, the pastor of the church, was the first of its kind ever held by ?the children of the parish. Although not on an extensive scale it proved very sue -cessful. Exhibits of needlework, cookery, car pentering, drawing, Dot plants, pigeons, .&&, were put in,-and were inspected closely by a fair number of people. Of the works of art the exhibit of: Mr. Thomas Dunn, which was "not for competition," was perhaps the most interesting. It consisted of a cork model of the Brighton battery at the mouth of the Mersey. The whole thing was very unique, as in addition to tbe cork fortress, duly equipped wjth^jftins *nd infantry, .the river; with two fully-commissioned warships, four torpedo boats, and two pilot boats was brought into, the model, which in effect was very realistic. The prises awarded at the exhibition wflj be distributed during the week. 