Astounding Locomotor .'.taxia cure. DOC ; O US l'UONCHJXGED CASE HOPE '; .'.,;.?'?. LESS. .-?.??: HELD '£O RE SO BY MEDICAL MEN ;? THE WORLD OVEB;;/ AV PROMINENT SYDN'BY M.L.A. BEARS ::??[_?'. TITSriAlONY, ?/?:? ; : . tFrom the. Australian Workman.} . vwir ^representative made bis way iq the home of :Mr.Thomas-- Jar.vis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo!. Mr Jarvi* is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated' suburb. He was-diacovered nursing a baby, atid his face dec ared him to be one of the happiest men ln-bvdney. ? '.. ;In reply tO the nrfiliminoi-u- nnoofinna tin. , ™°X Twk.nt' t0 ^now aM. about mj case ? : Well I arn g]ad of an opportunity to tell you. Ihe facts may be of value to , those who were stricken as J. was. ...' How long were you suffering?.1' ./. ..-About five-and-half years ago I met with an .accident : I W83 badly scalded ... while taking a bath in Pitt- atreet, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fml, and after four years of gradual develop ment, of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to ?give up. my billet at the Glebe Island.' '? ? ? What were the symptoms ?' ? ?' Simply* indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control! over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuis ance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and cMild neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. ^ 'I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A tew weeiis asp i could not walk across the floor ? in fact I could not get out. of bed. I felt .then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was und-r him for five or six weeks He came to the con clusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia. or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in CO- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of ray legs ' vuusu uieu me patient kicked his le^s abcut with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) - Well, just as a' drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea comveyed in the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I iead in the Australian, Wor/tnia/i, by Dv Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in/the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. 1 determined to give Dr Williams' Pink Pi s a trial anyway, and sent for a boxa The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a Stick and wasgradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those, crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another man of him. A friend who called at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, '-have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back to my' legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the chan _o and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now what ever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of ODium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' WHAT MR LABOR-LEADER McGOWEN KNOWS. Vv. J. S. T. McGowen, M.P., leader of the Labor Paity in the N.S.W. Assembly, was also seen in connection with the remarkable case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr McGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of jarvis . Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at' the cure of locomotor ataxia ; they positively cure rheu lati^m, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and in fl non 7n'o ziirJl o-Ff-QT» nffflnfc nnrl o fn o ov\ri*'»ifir» UU^lJ^Oi O UV 1L C*,i.V\ji. U-XXVJ\ . I Oj l(/ll«l H.LKS Hi OI.IL^llJU for all diseases of women, such as anaemia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system.. Dr Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr Wil liams' Medicine Company, Perth, W.A., who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 3s or half-dozen for Ii)s9d ? ? ? ? 