[?] SENSATIONS OF A DROWNING MAN ' Drowning is a pleasant aeatn is tne re mark constantly made 'by those who never gulped down salt water _ into the dolioate tissues of their lungs. Asaladl was. bathing in rough weather on tho beach of a watering-place in Northern France. Swept out to sea, I struggled, 'sank, became insen sible, and was saved by the courage and sfeill of a gallant Frenchman — who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testa ment as a memorial of the recne. This was all. The circumstances -were ordinary., A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however,, -there are points of interest which arise principally, from.the fact that I remember all that happoned dur ing a period of time which , may have been four or five minutes, hut which appeared to. be as many hours. . Almost immediately I entered the water, the much- resounding roar of' he waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful — full - of foreboding and . terror. Ashamed.- of this fancy,.. I instinctively but. foolishly fought, my way seawafds/iind yfO,B promptly out of my depth ; not; because I intended to rujji' 'any risk, fo.rT could not swim, but because the strong current ha'd scooped out a hol low in the sandy bottom'! which had six feet of water on the top of'it. Tumbled over by. the waves; the concentrated agony of the moment whefi: the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It was tho bitterest point of the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent foroe, without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, and my frantio and determined eff ores to escape only in creased the pent-up passion to cease holding my breath and to inhale once more. 1 felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if once I succumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, which al most burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the ena wouia come ; inas a snouia be compelled to breathe rin wards while ccv- ered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air hubbies rosJe to the surface. A few weeks before I had watched the drown ing of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the babbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up tho ghost. This sceue came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the cat. There was no fear ; the actual circumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in iuy mouth to end this struggle for air, , All I wanted was to end the pain. .No thought of death, exoept as an interest ing and immaterial 1 factor in the situation, came over me. 1 It is true that I remembered that I Bhould be missed when dinner-time came and I was found missii'g ; and thinking of the home-people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a ohest of drawers in my bedroom, which I had in tended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second , and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking !out ofja conscious state to one in -which- one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain, jn the centre of a orowd on the beach, whither my i rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and un reasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by swallowing so much salt water quiokly brought me back to earth again. . 