. - Chapter III. ; ; ~ "'•''•':, The outline of Tatnpique Bay stood out clearly, in- the "bright m6onshine,and the sea jdown "the path of the moon's rays stowed a-cahalofsilvercatttopugh rolling fields of purple. The greeks ] pamtedbwtjtoe Wb heading intotyebay before the town, in the curve of the shore, the grotesque spars of a modern warship showed in black silhouette against the moonbeams. A slatecolored^naphtha launch was sliding out over fhe swells towards tbe batqae. CaptainKettle came up frombelo w, and watched the naptha launch with throbbing interest. He had hatched a scheme for captnyring the Cancelario, and had made his preparations, and hereVasaninterruption coming which might yery well upset pnyjhing most ruinously. Nor was: he alone in hie interest, The barque's-top-gallant rail was lined with faces, and all her complement were 'wondering who these folk might be who wefe coming out to meet them. A Jacob's ladder was thrown over the side ; the slate-colored launch swept up, and emitted—a woman. Captain Kettle started, and went down into the waist to meet her. A minute later he was wondering whether he dreamed, or whether he wap really walking his quarterdeck with Donna Olotilde La Tonche. . But meanwhile the barque held along her course. The talk between them was not for long. "I must beseech you, Miss, to gp back from where you came," said Kettle. " You must trust me to carry out this business without your supervision." " Is your method very dangerous ?" she asked. " 1 couldn't recommend it to the Prudential Insurance," said Kettle thoughtfully. " Tell me your scheme." Kettle did so in some forty words. He was pithy, and Donna Clotilde was cool. She heard him without change of color. " Ah," she said, " I think you will do it." , " You will know one way or another within an hour from no\f, Miss. But I must ask you to take your launch to a distance. As I tell you, I have made all my own boats so that they won't £wim, but if your little craft was handy, my crew would jump overboard and risk the sharks, and try to reach her in spite of all -I could do to stop them. They won't be janxious to fight that Cancelario when the time comes, if there's any way of wriggling out of it." " You are quite right, captain, the launch must go, only I do not. I must be your guest here till you can-put ine on the Cancelario." Captain Kettle frowned. " What's coming is no job for a woman to be in at, Miss." " You must leave me to m^ own opinion about that. You see, we differ upon what a woman should do, Captain. You say a Woman should hot be president of a republic ; you think a ifoman should uOtr be a sharer in a fight; I am going to show you how a worn in can do both." She leaned her shoulders over (the rail and hailed the naptha launch with a sharp command. A man in the bows cast off the line with which it was towed, the man aft put over his tilletand set the engines a-going ; and-like a slim, gray ghost the launch slid away into the gloom. " You see," she said, "I'm bound to stay with _jou now." And she looked upon him with a burning glance. But Kettle replied coldly. "You are my owner, Miss," he Said, *'and you can do as yon wish. It is hoc for me now to ;say4hat you are foolish. Do I understand-ybn still wish me to carry odt my. original plan 7" v " Yes," she said curtly. ' " Very well, Miss, then we^hall be aboard of that war steamed in less than fifteen minutes.". He bade his second mate -call aft the crew, but instead of mpaining to meet them he took'a keen glance at the barquie's canvas, another at his wake, another at the moored cruiser ahead, and then; after .peering thoughtfully litthe clouds which sailed in the sky, he went to the compianionway' and dived below. The crew trooped aft and stood at the break of the quarterdeck waiting for him. \ And in the meanwhile they feasted their eyes with many different thoughts on Donna Clotilde La Touched i : ^resen&y; Captain Kettle returned to deck, aggressive and cheerful, and faced ;thetpen with hands inhiB jacket ppckets. Each pocket 1 bulged with soinethitig heavy, and the men, -Who by this time had Come to understand Captain .Kettle's ways, began to grow quipt and nervous.; He came to the point without any showy oratory. * '•'* "Now, my lads," said he,; " I told' you i. when * yoii • : shipped- aboard• this lavender box in CaUao that she was inerdya letty to carry jt^'f^a'&Trar; steamOT'^hich -^rtiajgr yfoll, here's the fst^uper ^uit ott the the Cancelario, and at seemsto beldngtb President'QunSirra'a, me, just for the present, intends to set up a Government of her own, and, as a preliminary, she wants that ship. We've got to grab it for her." •Captain Kettle broke off, and for full moment there was. silence. Then someone among the men laughed, and a dozen others joined in. ' ' "That's right," said Kettle. "Cackle away you scum. " You'd be singing a different tone if you knew' what was beneath you." •••?••' A voice from the gloom—an educated voice—answered him. " Don'tbe foolish, skipper. We're not going to ram our heads against a brick wall like that. We set some value on our lives*" , " Do you ?" said Kettle. " Then pray that this breeze doesn't drop (as it seems likely td do), or you'll lose them. Shall I tell you what I was up to below just bow. You remember those kegs of} blasting powder ? Well, they're in the laz&rette;, where some of you stowed them, but they're all of them unheaded, and one of them carries the end of a fuse. That fuse is cut to burst inmost twenty minutes, and the end's lighted. Wait a bit, it's no use going to try 1 to dowse it. There's a pistol fixed to the lazarette hatch, and if you try to lift it that pistol will shoot into the powder, and we'll all go up together without further palavter. Steady, there, now and hear me out. You can't lower away boats and get clear that way. The boats bottoms will tumble away as soon as you try to hoist them off. the skids. I saw to that last night. Aud you can't require any telling to know there are far. top many sharks about to make a swim healthy." * The men began to rustle and talk. " Now, don't spoil your only chance," said Kettle, u by sinking out. If on the cruiser yonder they think there's anything wrong, they'll run out a gun or two and blow us out of the water before we can couie near them. I've got no arms to give yon, but you have your knives, and I guess you shouldn't want more. Get in the shadow ot the rail there, and keep hid till you hear her bump. Then jamp on board, knock everybody you see over the side, and keep the rest below." " They'll see us coming," whimpered a voice. " They'll never let us board." " They'll hear us," the captain- re- torted, "if you gallow's ornaments bellow like that, and then all we'll have to. do will be to sit tight where we fire till that powder blows us like a thin kind of spray up against the stars. Now get to cover with you, all hands, and not another sound. , it's your only chance." The men crept away, shaking, and Captain Kettle himself took over the wheel and appeared to drowse over it. He gave her half a spoke at a time, and by invisible degrees the barque fell off till she headed dead on for the cruiser. Save for, the faint creaking of her gear no Bopnd came from her, and she slunk on through the night like some patched and tattered phantom. Far down in her lazarette the glowing'end of the fuse crept nearer to the powder barrels, and in imagination every mind on board was following its race. . , Nearer and nearer-she drew to the Cancelario, and ever nearer. The waiting men felt as though the hearts, of them would leap from their breasts. Two of them fainted. Then came a hail from the cruiser: " Bhrque ahoy ! are you all asleep there ' Captain Kettle drowsed on pver the wheel. Donna Clotilde, from the shadow of the house, could see him nodding like & man in sleep. "Carrajo i you biaique there ! Put down your helm. YotfU be aboard of us in a minute.',' . . ; Kettle iiiade no reply ; his hands sawed autpmatically at the spokes, an<f the .glow from the?binnacle fell onclogeshut eves. It wtlsa fine bit of acting. The Chilians shouted, but they could hot prevent the -collision! and >heh: it | j camethewbrokeott^^^ the gate$-of tbepit had heen "suddenly unlocked. The tuu^que'screw of human refuse, mad with terror. rose up in a ifiock frpni. 'behitfa. : tl)e btdwful^e. ; As s one • ' man. &ey;)- clambered up t^ cruiser's side, and spr^ iBibout her desks. IU provided i wWpons th6ughtheyi^ghti^ were sparcdy -.-.'^^/.'sentiy;. ^uibb^ .bff )>is rifle, 'hat that was thp only shoit ,fired, ; pan of tbe work, i^iyea .-flnd pins, iand wtoatover eliae ciiiue to hand- Those of the watch'on ^M^ twbq did not i .info the. 'sea;..; thflberth deck 'i^ftfs^rniiBd-,.ttij ~^;,OOuple: of 3«|S}>erate felfows'; ^iijgin^er w "W»toh. iThe^ mooring was tod.whflehOTf^M • tbeing < knot' speed toward, the open sea under full command of the raiders. Then from behind them came the, roar of an explosion and the spun of dazzling light, and the men shuddered to think of 'what they had so'narrowly missed. And, as it was, some fragments of the barque lit ujpon the after deck as they fell headlong from the dark night sky above. Donna Qletilde Went on to the upper bridge and took Captain Kettle by the hand. "My friend," she said, " I shall never forget this." - And she looked at him with eyes that spoke of more than admiration for his success. . "I am earning my pay" saidjKettle. "Pah !" she said ; "don't let money come between us. I cannot bear to think of .you in connection with sordid things like that. I put you on a higher plane, captain," she said, and turned her head away. " I shall choose a man like you for a husband." , "Heaven mend your taste, Miss," said Kettle ; " but—there may be others'like me." . " There are not." " Then you must be content with the nearest you can get." Donna Clotilde stamped her foot upon the planking of the bridge. " You are dull, she cried. "No," he said, "I have my clear 6ight, Miss. Won't yon go below now and get a spell of sleep ? Or will you give me your otdere first ?" " No," she answered, I will not. We must settle this matter first. You have a wife in England, I know, but that is nothing. Divorce is simple here. I have influence with the Church ; you could be set free in a day. Am I not the woman you would choose ?" " Miss La Touche, yon are my em ployer." " Answer my question." " Then, Miss, if you will have it, you are not." '« But why ? Why ? Give me your reasons! You are brave. . Surely I have shown courage tpo ? feurely you must admire that ?" "I like men foremen's work, Mies." But that is an exploded, notion. Women have got to take their place. They must show themselves the equals of men in everything." " But you see, Miss," said Kettle, " I prefer to be linked to a lady who is my superior—as I am linked at present. If it pleases you, we had better end this talk." " No," said Donna Clotilde, " it has got to be settled one way or the other. You know what I want; igarry me as soon as you are set free, and there shjall be no end of your power. I will make you -rich ; I will make you famous. Chili shall be at our feet; the world shall bow to us." •. " It could be done," said Kettle with a sigh. " Then marry me." " With due respect, I will not," said he. "Youknow yon are speaking to a woman who is not accustomed to be thwarted ?" / • Captain Kettle bowed. " Then von either do as I wish or leave this ship. I give you an hour to consider it in." , ".You will find my second mate the best navigating officer left," said Kettle, and Donna Clotilda, -without further words left the bridge. fHe waited for a decent interval and "then sighed and gave orders. ^ The men on deck obeyed turn with qnickaeiss. A pair of boat davitp were swung outboard and the boat -plentifnlly victualled and Its water beakers filled. "The Cancelario's engines were stopped, and the tackles screamed as the boat was lowered to the water, and rode there at the end of its painter. Captain Ketttle left the bridge in charge of .his first -officer and went belpw^ He found the lady sitting in the cabin, with head pillowedupon her arms. v > . ' - " You still wish me to go. Miss ?" he •aid. ' J ' If you will not accept what is '; offered.'.' ; ' ^ ".. ../V''-,'. " " I am sorry," said the little sailor, very sorry. If I'd met'you. Miss, before I saw Mrs Kittle, and if you'd been a bit different, I Mieve I could have liked.you. " But as it iB—" She leaped to.her feet with eyes that 4 blazed. , G}o, ? ' she cried.- "Go, or I mil t»ll ttpuii some :6f those feUows io Shoot you." 'Ty ; : . ' ' : "®bey mil do it cheerfnlly if you ask them,"'said Kettle, and did , not budge: She'saink down pn the sofa again with' a wait >Qh, cried ; ''if yoni are 'i nian, gb; and nev^r let me see you' again'" v <3apt^nK«ttle^w^an^ m ijttle lawr he wa& i^e in the ;^uarter boat. - The- CAnoeluio wiw drawing tet awa^, &oin; Mm i&to; nigEt, and the boat danced in the creani^ of her wake, "Ah, ,well," he said to himself, " there's another good chance gone for • good and always. What a cantankerous beggar I am !" And then for a moment his thoughts went elsewhere, and he got - out paper and a stump of .pencil and briskly scribled an elegy to some poppies in a cornfield. • The lines had just flitted gracefully from his mind, and they seemed far too comely to be allowed a chance to escape. It was a movement characteristic of Jiis queerly ordered brain. After the more ugly mo'mentB of his life, Captain Owen Kettle al way is turned to the making of verse as an instructive relief.— New' York Sun. 