Who Hath Defiled the Truth? Who Hath a Forked Tongue? Liars, Liars, and Liars! Ii Voiper a Fraud? Ig Hamey a Orank? Is the 'Miner' a Houd? Lord, in Thy Mercy Guidt Us! (From the Coolgardie Mining Review* May, 15th.) This is essentially a sensational city. Fire, murder, and sudden death comes natural to us, and election matters are not devoid of interest. The fight which has just closed has been a peculiar one, and much that never met the public eye has taken place behind the scenes. Wires have been pulled by men who are aot fit to pull a hang man's rope.. We had estimated that most of these doings would be covered by the pall of common decency, but the fates hav« becided otherwise Yesterday one of the local dailies, the 'Chronicle' published an interview wi*h Mr. E A. Harney, which reads as follows : — 'just before leaving for Norseman,' said Mr. Harney, 4I, accompanied by my clerk, Mr Allen, met Mr. Kings well, the proprietor of the 'Miner ' in the -vestibule of the Club,. He con gratulated me upon having chosen Dundas. and stated that he would give me all the assistance in his power. Mr. Kingswell voluntarily promised that if I would send him short tele grams of the progress of the campaign he would amplify them, and in other ways gave me the support of his Jour nal. He «tlso asked me to call at the ' Miner ' office on the following day, I did call, as arranged, and we dis cussed the merits of the gentemen I was about to oppose. Of Mr. Austin I was told he was unpopular ; of Mr. Conolly, Mr. Kingswell said he knew nothing but he heard that he was 'a ? —.' From the tenor of our conversation I felt naturally enough felt confident of the support of the 'Miner' At Mi\ Kingswell's re quest I saw Mr. Vosper, who was pos sessed of some particulars which would be of the utmost assistance. When I went into he room there was Beated with Mr. Vosper a clergyman whose name I forget, who had recently came from Norseman. Mr. Vosper intro duced us, adding that 1 was about to proceed to the southern district, and askiug this gentleman to write letters to his friends on my behalf. Mr Vos per then stated that he had a number of notes made during his trip, which would be of much assistance. He pro mised to look them up and give them to me, as well as some cuttings out of old articles in connection with the railway scheme ; and was good enough to say with the extracts I would have a great advantage over the other candidates. Anything farther he could do tor me Mr. Vosper pro mised to do. Next day Mr. Vosper sent for m-% I went to his office and received from him some notes upon the Esperance mil way question in his own handwriting, besides other re ceipts. He then suggested to me that I should wire my address through to the Norseman and Esperance papers, and lie prof erred tG transmit the mes sage at press rates, and save me the cost In my presence Mr. Vesper wrote the telegrams, and also sent com mendatory wires to the four news papers in the electorate. 1 might par enthetically state that subsequently I ascertained to my cast that the address was sent at ordinary races. However that matter aside. I bade Mr Vosper 'Good-bye ;' we shook hands, and his final words were a reiteration of his intention to do all in his power to pro mote my candidature 'Yes I started off in high hopes Throughout my campaign I naturally placed much reliance on the fact that I should have the support of the two Coolgardie papers, as well as the pub licly promised support of Mr. Morgans and his supporters. After I had been some days away I happened to see a copy of th© ' Miner ' dealing with tke representation of Dundas, and sup porting Mr. Oonolly. I then observed for the first time all the damaging portions of the articles in the Norse man and Espermce papers dealing with my candidature were carefully reproduced, while anything to my ad vantage was just as carefully sup pressed 4 1 remained two days in the Norse man after my first arrival, and was ex ceedingly well received After my opening address a strong committee was formed to further my candidature. I proceeded next to Esperance. On my arrival I was told I might as well return as all the voters had signed a pledge to vote for Conolly. However, undeterred by the news, I addressed the electors. The great difficulty that beset me was the statement, very assiduously circulated, that Coolgardie desired a railway starting frem Cool gardie and that connectioa with B§ Tlie Esperance people, I found, were determined to support no candidate who would not advocate in the first instance a line starting from Esper aiice. At two of my meetings I was asued how I reconciled my views that the line should start from Esperance with Mr. Morgans' declaration that the starting point should be Coolgardie. I explained that Mr. Morg ans' remarks had reference to the dispute between Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie as to which should be the term nus of tti9 Esper anco railway. But, if there still re mained any doubt about the real inten tions of Coolgardie it was resolved by the ' Pioneer.' the weekly issue of th© paper representing Mr. Morgans1 views and I pointed to a cartoon representing Vosper astride an engine rushing for ward ' to Esperance ' That picture, I declared, was really a photograph of Mr. Morgans' mind. The explanation completely won the meeting over. I was received most enthusiastically ; and at the close a vot» perance was to be a subsequent matter, was put that I was a fit and proper person to represent Dundas in Parlia ment. The motion was spoken to by several speakers, for and against, and upon division was carried by a majority of three to one. On the following day 41 voters came forward and voluntarily stated that notwithstanding their pledges they would vote for me. I then left Esperance for Norseman, feeling perfectly satisfied with the aspect of things at the port. I spoke three times subsequently at the Norseman, and succeeded in win ning over the bulk of the voters. ' Here conies a point I desire to em phasise. On Tuesday, the day pre ceding the last on which I could legally speak I received a telegram stating that a most damaging article had ap peared in the Coolgardie '* Miner,' and had been wired to the Esperance ' Times ' — an article advocating Conolly, and stating that the *? Miner ' had never supported m*', and, indeed, considered that I was totally unfit to represent the Dundas district in Parlia ment. It was then absolutely im possible for me to get back to Esperance in time to speak again and refute the damaging statements ; and I had to rest under the effects of the article sprung upon me at the eleventh hour, an effect which was considerable, having regard to my attitude and the assertions that I possessed the unanimous support of Coolgardie. By reason of that article, Mr. Burton, Mayor of Esperance, who had left me at the Norseman, having promised his active support since I had given him a written undertaking, that if returned, I would introduce a Bill for the line to start from Esperance and the telegraphic assurance ai of Mr. Morgans1 support— by reason of that article, I say, Mr. Burton, notwith standing his promise, got upon the platform and stated that my statements in reference to the support of Cool gardie were so vague that it should be unsafe to trust me ; and he urged upon the people to go for a local man in preference Several other gentlemen deliberately turned across for the same reason ; and both Esperance and Norse man were posted with placards pro claiming that 'Harney was sailing under false colors ; we don't want two members for Coolgardie ; Cool gardie not behind Harney ' etc. ' I was utterly unable to give any answer to these objections ; time would not perTait ; and they undoubtedly had the effect of losing for me the whole of the support I had won in Esperance.' ' On my return to Norseman I saw a short paragraph in the Norseman ?* Jjner' to the effect that a letter had been received from Coolgardie couched in such unfair language that they did not think it right to publish it. T sub sequently obtained a c^py of that most mysterious document. H«re is an ex tract from it. There can be do doubt that Harney it go intimacy mixed up in Morgans' interests— in fart. I may term him nothing more than a ? 'buttonrb'— that I tbink your journal is quite right in opposing him tooth and nail. Hamey knew that he bad not a ghost of a dhow her*, and bap plausibly stated that his intimate connection with Morgans and the capitalists thai he, Morgans, wan associated with, would /nrtlnr the interests ef theNorseman-EspBrance railway. Such views are thoroughly inconsie* teut with Htmey's declared utterances here. He is only a lever for M -rgans ; bear this in mind in regard to huv editorial comments, Morgans possibly may cr»ep in bv a bare majority, but I think it extremely 'doubtful ilarney's candidature here whh n*ver popular. Personally he is liked amongst a certain class ; bnt for one single moment don't lor the electors t» persaaded by bis undoubted gift of the gab. ' Judge of my surprise to find that tho letter bore the signature of F. C. B. Vosper, the man who had promised me his supp rt, who had wasted so much of what should be valuable time in giving me extracts from his writ ings; and whose final words to me were ' Anyth ng I can do for you, you can cpunt upon.' In the light of con sequent events, I can now see that the observation had a sinister meaning. ' I have not the slightest doubt that had not those articles been wired I should have been returned by a large majority The Esperance people are par ieularly susceptible to any imputa tion of want of fidelity on the part of a candidate, and his declarations in re ference to the railway ; and it is not surprising that such articles as those referred to, coming from the very centre of the support claimed by me should have had an utterly damaging effect, and turned the electors against me' *' My surprise has been further heightened since my return to Cool gardie by learning that Mr. Vosper, who had some adverse references I had made to him at Norseman, because of his perfidious treatment of me, had call d at my office and stated that he had absolutely nothing to do with the articles appearing in the ' Miner,' and that it had always been his desire that I should be returned for Dundas ' THIS TERRIBLE CHARGE. means either that Mr. Harney has asserted what is foully false, cruel, aud vile, or he has proved the member for North-East Coolgardie to be a man beneath contempt and base enough for for any dirty action. His reference to tbe *? Miner ' newspaper is of such a nature that if true th« ' Miner ' is no longer 'worthy of a place in any re putable household. 