ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOll ATAXIA CU UK DOCTORS rSOSOUS'.KD CASE HOPE LESS. HELD TO BK SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE AVOKLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY ALL.A. BEARS testimony. (From the Austriilian JFbi'knuin.) Our roprosontntivo made his way to the homo of Mr. Thomns Jarvis, do Orown- lnno, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of tho best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He wub discovered nursing a baby, and liiB fnce declarod him to bo one of the happiest men in Svduoy. In reply to tho preliminary ques tions, he said : “ You want to know all about my enso ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. Tho facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.” “How long wore you suffering?” “ About live-and-hatf years ago I mot with nn nerident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in I’itt Btreot, Svduoy. From tho dnteof tho accident' my health began to fail, and nftor four years gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at tho Glebo Is land." “ Wlint whore tho symtoms?” “ Simply indescribnble. Tho pains were something torriblo. They wero for all the world like ns if a saw wore cutting my bones in two in every part of, mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisnneo to myself and ovoryono else. I was incessantly shivering and slinking, and could neither cat nor sleep. I •uw a well-known doctor, and he told mo thatmyenso was utterly hopeless.” “I came home and wont to bed, and have been in bud pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across tho floor; in fact, I could not get out of bod. 1 felt tlion that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attend ing mo, ami did all lie could, by opium and.morpba pills, to case tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to tho conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, •dharactetorised hy peculiar distui lmnces of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary, movements. He told me that I might Inst for ton years, and tlint I might never got the uso of my logs.” (Just tlion the patient kicked his legs about with onergy, to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) “Well, just ns a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at nn idea conveyed by tho advertise ment- describing the cure offectod in tho enso of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Aiu Iralian Wnrknum, hy Dr. ‘Williams’ Pink Pills for Palo People. I rend in tho advertisement of a case which seemed to lit my own. I determined to give Dr. ‘Williams’ Pink Pills n trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was ahie to cat and sleep ns though nothing was .tho matter with mo. It was the first appetite nml rest I had for many a day. It was incredidle. I immedi ately left the bed and wns able to move about. Wlton taking tho fifth box, I Was able to walk about with tho aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering tuy former vigor and vi tality. You seo thusii crutches (hero ? They arc perfectly now, and I have novor used them. They wore mado for mo before I got. tho Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them.” Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees, said Dr. ‘Williams’ Pink Pills saved his lifo aud made another man of him. A friend who called in at this point, said tlint Jarvis looked ton years younger that day than ho did a short time back. “I can now," continued Jarvis, “lmvo a cold bnl.Ii, mid all tho fueling hns come back in my logs. I expect shortly to resume work ns a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in t.lio very pink of health nnd strength lo work at that trade. I am belter to day than 1 lmvo been at any time during tho past fivo years 1 useriho nil tlie change and benefit, to tluw Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and fuel like a new man. On the mnntlo pioco tliero is a hox of Opium and Morphia Pills which tho doctor gave mo to dcadcu tho excruciating pain. But they onu stay whero they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo hns been amazed at tho change in mo. They cun hardly bo liovo their eyes. My being nbout again hns caused quite a sensnntion out hero.” WHAT MB. LAMf'U-I.EADICR M'GOWKN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.P., loader of the labor party in tho N.S.W. As he mldy, was also seen iu couurctiou .with tho remarkable cuse of Mr. ■Thomas Jarvis. He says lie has known Jarvis from infancy. Ho also knew that he had lo give up his work at Glebo Island abattoirs owing to a malady which ho developed. Ho afterwards hoard tlint Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery, llo under stood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, ns liiB enso had boon pronounced incurablo. Mr. M’Gownn was, therefore, like ovoryono #lse, who know tho facts, astounded at tho complete recovery of Jarvis. • -Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Palo People do not stop short _ at • the . ouro of locomotor ataxia ; they positively' ■ euro rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, nod influenza’s evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as amomia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, norvous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative modicino, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole systoru. Dr. 'Williams’ Pink l?ills tiro obtniunblo from all loading chemists or from tho Dr. Williams’ Medicine Company, Salisbury Build ings, Queen-stroot, Melbourne, who will forward (post paid), on recoipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d. or half-dozon for 15s. 3d. 