EAGIEHAWK HOSPITAL SUN DAY, The annual open-air service for the benefit or the Bendigo Hospital, Asylum and the Eaglehawk Ladies’ Benevolent Society was held y es terday. The weather was glorious, although a trifle dusty. The attendance was n ry J arg .°> a S 1 ’ number travelling from mP^ >y hho trams, which wore crowded. . no takings at the open-air service wore £7 in excess .of last year. Thoro is also a noticeable improvement in tho collection of one or two of the churches. But as there-wero £24 obtained irom a Chinese football match last year tho total this year falls short by nearly £18. It is hoped, however, that this amount will bo a football match to be played . fo the sendee a procession marched up Uign and Napier streets, thence into the Park through tho Napier street gates. At the head of the procession was tho Borough Band, and following were tho Hon, J. Sternberg, president of the Hospital committee ; the Hon. J. H. Abbott, secretary of tho Bendigo ilospUa! Sunday committee; Hon. H. 11. Williams, Minister of Railways; Crs. J. High more (mayor), Kncobono and Curtain, tlio town clerk (Mr. W. Cook), tho Rev. C. A. Brower, and Messrs. W. B. Apporloy, J. Smalley, W. Martin, N. trailer and W. Burn sulo, and last came tho members of tlio fire origauo. At tho open-air service the Rev. C. A. Brewer officiated. A selection was first rendered by the band in good stylo, and then tho hymn, “ Who is my neighbor,” was sung by tlio audience. A prayer was offered up by the Rev, C. A. Brower, ana the choir then gave a very fine rendering of of Mozart s Gloria,” 12th mass. Mr. R. Rule gave a good interpretation of tho song, “ David singing before Saul.” and the song, “ Jerusa lem, was well rendered by Mr. R, H. Payne, iho Rev. C. A. Brewer then delivered an ad dress from tho words: “ Have fervent charity among yourselves, for charity covoreth a multi tudo of sins.” This implies that it is a wise thing to have charity, and it is the intention to laud chanty and love, for charity boro moans love. It is a divine virtue which cannot bo gamed by our own unaided efforts, for it is not any pretence of lovo that is wanted, but tho spirit of love of the Holy Ghost itself. Wo know men who doseoniingly charitable actions, but after inquiry find thoro is no true love, behind. That is not good; it is no fervent love for it must bo something glowing and glorious. Wo should have love among ourselves, as wo’ro all dependent one upon another. The man who works with his brains is dependent upon the man who works with his hands, and as all aro thus dependent upon one another every man who labors should bo respected by his fellows. Love must, however, not be dead. It must end in benevolence. In tho ond it will bo found that tho man who has been kind in his actions will be leniently treated by God. Cases of old, lono and sick persons often conic under our notice. If wo have true Christian charitv wo will not ask is tills a deserving case, but* will give because the man is needy. Wo ask you to give this afternoon from pure love of heart to the poor and suffering around us. You did not como for amusement, but to help tho poor, remembering that in giving to tho poor wo arc giving to tho Lord. The firemen took up tho collection, and gathered in tho very respectable sum of £40 against £33 last year! Tho anthom, “Baby lon's Wave” and tho ohorus, “Tho Heavens are Telling” wore excellently rendered by tho choir, and a selection by tho Band. The mayor proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the con ductor of tho choir (Mr. W. Tinkler), who, worked hard to got good music prepared, and to tho choir, orchestra and leader (Mr. J. Trcvoan), band and bandmaster (Mr. G. Brinkman), accompanist (Miss N. Jeffrey), fire brigade committee, the secretary (Mr. Neil Walker), and all others who assisted. Tlio motion was carried with applause. Last year’s total receipts amounted to £84 4s, which included £24 taken at the football match, but it must he remembered that this year’s match, has. yet to bo played. Tho following is an analyses of the coins taken at tho gates and on tho groundCheque, £1 Is; gold, £3 10s; half-crowns, 15s; florins, 18s ; shillings, £5 3s; sixpences, £10 9s ; threepences, £17 6s 9J ; coppers, 17s 3d. THE CHURCHES. The collections at tho Baptist Church will not bo taken till next week. Tho Rev. W. Goycn preached at both ser vices at the' Primitive Methodist Church, In the morning ho took for his text Matthew, 5th chapter, 7th verso—“ Blessed aro tho merciful, for they shall obtain morcy.” Tho preacher said there was a depth of meaning in tho word “ mercy.” It embodied pity and patience. But it wont beyond these. There was in mercy tlio- active exorcise of love to wards tho unworthy and sinful. Wo, should ho merciful to others, for wo our selves receive mercy from those with whom wo have to do. No man can say ho has no need of mercy from his fellows. In* every relation of lifo wb continually fall short, and are indebted to others for merciful consideration. Again, wo should bo merciful, for God is merci ful to us. Daily and hourly we experience His mercy. And, further, we should bo merciful, for it -is God-liko to bo so. Tho thought of God’s infinite _ mercy should penetrate our minds, and Christ Himself has taught us that our aim should be to be per fect, os God, our heavenly Father, is perfect. Our mercy should bo shown to the poor. It should be extended to tho sinful. Many aro poor and needy through no fault of their own. Others again have brought poverty and sorrow uppn themselves by sin ; but morcy is duo to all from us. Christ's rule is, “As ye would that men should do unto you.” And.siill further, we should bo merciful to those who sin against ourselves. This is tho hardest of all, hut we havo Christ's own example, and it becomes us to follow Hiip. Then in tho text thoro is tho benediction, “ Blessed ” “ for thoy sliall obtain morey ” —not in the way of a reward earned by having been merciful ; thus bought it would not bo mercy, hut that which might bo claimed as a right. * But to be merciful is to bo truly “ blessed.” It is to enjoy that highest and best state which is the portion of those whom God has blessed. Special music was rendered by the choir under the direction of Mr, G. Herbert Mi$s James was organist. Tlio collection amounted to £5 Is Sid. In tho Wesleyan Church the morning service was conducted by Mr. Allinglmnij and Mr. E, R. Stafford preached in the evening. The col lections’ amounted to £6 4s 9d. The Rev. C. A. Brower preached in tho morn ing and evening at St. Peter’s Church. In the rooming ho choso for his text tlio first Epistle of Paul to' Timothy, 1st chapter, 6th verso, “ Now the ond of the commandnppit is charity out of a pure heart and oiitof a good conscience, and Qf failli unfeigned." In tljo evening Mr. Brower spoko from tho 5th commandment, “Honor thy father and thy mother.” The collection amounted to £4 17s 6d. The collections at tho Presbyterian Church amounted to £0 4s 9d. In tho evening solos wero rendered by the Misses Burnside and B. Cairns. Tho collections at tho Bible Christian Church are reported as amounting to 7s 6d, It will not ho handed in until it has been supplemented by tho ‘ California Gully and St. Mungo Churches. nUCAPITUT.ATXOK. 1898 1897 £ g £ g fl Open Air Service ... 33 0 0 40 0 0 Chinese Football Match 24 0 0 — Presbyterian ... ... 7 8 4 10 5 0 Primitive Methodist... 4 14 5 1 6i St. Rotor’s 631 4 17 6 Wesleyan ... ... 8 0 0 6 4 9 Baptist 113 no collection Bible Christian ... ; 0 10 0 0 7 6 84 0 0 66 16 2* 