"HAVE YOU NOTICED That nothing is lost by asserting one's-self -. Thai a goodlisteneria-splendidicompany? What a dull worlds this:- would be wereit 1 not for the vagaries of fashion ?-;.. ■ ; That the iiegislative Counoii elections fare fixed for. May!22? - • That oar actions are xnostly. guided by what other peopl AwiU think pf them ? ' : That you hate metpeoplo "who starve their interiors to deck their .exteriors? . ; That a person who attempts to improve our Boeisil'svstem is callsel-a faddist f That^illustration blocks are now being pro duced ■Qt Xhe 'VoMi'ier office? . .. That the Cinematogtaplie will be at Blount ■ Barker next Monday and Tuesday? What a number of eligible'balchelors there are in Mount Barker ? Now, girls. That those who profess much modesty go out of their way to get'shocked ? That every man thinks his own wife beau tiful, and if he doesn't lie ought to ? That Adelaide is almost certain to be the meeting-place of the Federal Convention ? Tliat a fight to a finish prevents future bickerings? That things are very warm in one corner of the Mediterranean ? That there were 76 children confirmed at Bluinberg lost Monday ! That some societies which have the good of mankind at heart adopt repellent measures ? ! How often we envy our neighbor, while at the same time ho is envying us ? . That wheu bad motives are imputed it is generally a reflex of the mind of the imputer ? What a decent fellow we think a man is if his opinion coincides with ours ? That the good old English game of bowls is being resuscitated in Adelaide ? Now, then, ye adipose athletes and beer-eaters. " That most people like to talk of their ail ments, and a eafe question to put is "" 'How is the old complaint ? " . That the H^lnnga. Goidflelds Development Company has been floated with a capital of £350,000? That indefatigable 'worker George Ash rested Bt the age of $7, the year which has proved ao fatal to briiriance ? That, in consequence of the demise, one paper in Adelaide lias heaved a huge sigh of relief, no doubt mingled with regret ? That the report on the Onkaparinga water shed is not tempting to those who prefer their microbes neat ? That the word " at" is not always a prepo sition ? For instance, in the sentence " 'E put 'is 'at on 'is *ead." That the battle of the sites lias generally to be taken into consideration when a co operative industry is being established? That patience is only a negative virtue with some people, as they haven't enough vim to get wild ? That the spirit of gambling is inherent in the human race? Look at the number of marriages there are. The inorease of lady cyoliste in the country districts? How intensely romantic an elope ment 011 the wheel would be, especially if it were on " a bicycle built for two." That a prize is being offered for a school text-book on temperance. After a " wet night" Brown sums the position up in " Boozing is a mug's game." How soon that strike was declared off at Liulehampton last week ? The old lady Bailed in with the broom, and the boy returned to work on the woodheap at. the old rates. That the man who was on the point of being gored by a bull when the latter was struck dead by lightning now pule on airs, as he considers he has powerful friends to look after his interests ? Tlmt the man who, to show his courage, when lie thought somebody was playing the ghost " went for" the kicking end of a white horse now lets out jobs of that sort to the highest tenderer ? How grand a tiling it is to see the implicit faith of a boy in his father, only unfortu nately it wanes early,, and before he is 20 he is showing the old man how things ought to be done ? That Mount Barker would he a convenient centre in the Hills district for the establish ment of a School of Mines ? What an advantage the city seekers after knowledge liavo over those in the country in the fact of possessing a mineralogical school. 