Qireuh I&zwz.; Manly. — The Sunday-school anni versary was celebrated most successfully on Sunday, 10th inst. The preacher for the day was the Rev. J. A. Nolan, and the services were held in the Oddfellows Hall. The afternoon united children's service was particularly attractive and encouraging and the singing was very excellent. On Wednesday the anniver sary festival and prize distribution waB held in the church. The Rev. F. W. A. Roberts presided, and after the prizes had been given, the choir, assisted by a number oi friends and some members of the Balniain Mission orchestra, very finely rendered the cantata ' Golden Links.' The connective readings were given , by Mr. J. C. Warner, and the musical arrangements were under the direction of -Mr. Baylis, who with his daughters worked very hard to make the anniversary one of the beBt. Kogarah. — ? On Wednesday night, 13th inst.,' Mr. R. Lean, of Ashfield, gave a limeliqht exhibition in the Odd fellows' Hall, in aid of our school. There waB a very large audience, and all were delighted with the very excellent views shown and also with the descrip tive lecture. The funds of the school will be materially increased by the re sults,,, Tbe Rev. Joseph Walker, in moviii^ a vote of thanks to Mr. Lean, spoke 4n very high terms of Mr. Lean's ability, and of his kindness in coming over to help us at great inconvenience to himself. Darling - street. — The Quarterly Meeting was held on Wednesday even . ing, 13th inst. The work of the quarter was reviewed by the chairman, giving evidence that on the whole the various agencies of the church are pro gressing, and, at his request, Mesar* Matthews and ? Laws, junr., male several suggestions in regard to the future carrying out of the work. A number of matters engaged the atten tion of the meeting, the principle being the election of officers for the ensuing year, which resulted as follows : — Circuit Stewards, Messrs. Tinley and W. J. Laws, junr. ; Society Stewards, Messrs. W. J. Laws, senr., and Symington, senr. ; Poor Steward, Mr. J. Loutit ; Conference Representative, Mr. W. J.. Laws. junr. ; Substitute Representative, Mr. J. Mathews. The District Synod representatives reported that that body had refused to keep the matter of re adjustment of circuit boundaries open until next year, and it was resolved, — ' That the Conference be invited to restore the Balmain Circuits to their original boundaries.' Manning River. — The Quarterly Meeting was held on the 7th inst., ana was pleasant and harmonious. Finances were similar to previous quarter. The 'Envelope System' introduced since the visit of the General Secretary, has worked well in those places adopting it. Mr. H. McDonald becomes junior steward with Mr. H. Bennett, senior steward. Messrs. S. T. Lean and H Bennett were elected representatives to Conference. Jones Island church during the quarter has secured an American organ and an efficient choir under the able leadership of Mr. T. H. A. Chapman. Death. One of Colonial Methodism's veterans, in the person of John Delves, at the age of 78, has gone to rest. ' He was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith.' With William Burgess, his old companion, he is singing the praises of the Lamb. Taree Sunday-school distribution of prizes took place on 15th inst. Ex cellent marks had been gained by scholars, each securing a prize. Lewisham. — Quarterly Meeting held on loth inat. Number of members reported, 224, with 15 on trial. Balance sheet again showed an amount to credit, thus keeping up the record of the cir cuit. since its separate existence. Hearty thanks were accorded to retiring stewards. Messrs. W. J. Jen bin and - T ? TIjT ? ♦ ? ?. - ? ? ? l da?. oxLarr were execiea circuii; siewarap.. and the Hon. J. S. Larke and Mr. W. E V. Robson, B.A., representatives to the ensuing Conference. General re'eom mendations to Conference were adopted., The meeting was harmonious and enjoyable throughout. Pvmule. — On Friday evening, the 15th instant, Dr. W. W. J. O'Reilly delivered a ' Medical Talk ' before the Pymble Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society. The subject was ' Personal Health and How to preserve it.' The address was in popular style and full of practical information on a variety of matters affecting the health of the human mind and body. The society greatly appreciated the deliverance,, and at its close presented a hearty vote of thanks to the speaker. Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe's Visions.— There were few more beautiful lives than that of Harriet Beecher Stowe, who re cently passed away. In a letter to a friend, written not very long ago she gives this inspiring glimpse of her faith and hope, when nearing the clos^ of life : 'I am coming to that stage in my pil grimage that is in sight of the river o£ death, and I feel that now I must have .ill in readiness day and night for the messenger of the King; I have some times in my sleep strange perceptions, of a vivid spiritual life near io and with; Christ and multitudes of holy ones, and the joy of it is like no other joy ; it can not be told in the language of the world. What I have, then, I know with ab solute certainty ; yet it is so unlike and above anything we conceive of in this world that it is difficult to put it into words. The inconceivable loveliness of Christ ! ' Her splendid faith stayad with her to the end. 