OUR SYDNEY LETTER. from our correspondent. For swagger and side, the letters of .corres pondents to the Sydney dailies' ' upon federation, just how take the cake. The other colonies are freely described by these ' short sighted Sydney patriots as "com parative mushrooms V and " impecunious cripples " and so on, which for . New South Wales to associate herself with, will be an act of the utmost self abnegation and condescension. The following bit; of blather is a specimen of how prominent politicians, of other colonies are being insulted in this correspondence by men ivho ought to have more sense " Take them at their worst," says one gentleman, " We know that to compare our responsible Ministers with the type of persons who have mostly borne rule in some other Australian colonies, any time these ctozen years, would be to subject them to gratuitous and undeser ved in suit." These people are paving the way for federation. Compare for instance the United States. In regard to wealth . and natural advantages, who will say that the wealthiest of them is not the better off by being an integral part of that . great federation. Disunion, antagonistic tariff's and commercial rivalry, have been the bane of the colonies, and to secure union Sydney may surely be expected to make some little present sacrifice for the sake of the larger good which through federation must come to all. One would take less notice of the correspondence if it were not so evidently being.backed up by the Sydney press. Since the depression bit Melbourne so hardly, Sydney men have been riding the highest of high "horses, and the truth might as well be told as not, the freetraders of Sydney don't want federation, they consider themselves so well off with their harboi and their present domination of the colony, that they can see nothing to gain and little to wish for, and with the metropolis of the mother colony in this temper, and the certainty, that at the Con vention this colony will be represented solely by Sydney men (for . the country has not the ghost of a chance of putting in a . provincial candidate), there is to my mjnd very little prospect of any workable scheme of union being arrived at. -It will end in a fizzle, unless the other colonies allow N.S. Wales, or rather Sydney, to come in on her. own terms. Reid tries to escape a portion of the difficulty by proposing that the federal capital should be movable from one colony to another, but as the Sydney Daily Telegraph puts it " there is no necessity to deal violently with the scheme, it may be trusted to die a natural death." Probably no one knows this better than Mr. Reid him self, but on the whole the Premier's mani- festo is comprehensive and able. Its cautious and non-committal character is. what might, under the circumstances, have been expected, for iu Mr. Reid we have never had anything approaching enthusiasm in the federal cause. It seems to me that " while the common sentiment of Australian- nationality is so weak, and the absolute need for union felt to be so slight, the warmth and enthusiasm which would fuse- us into one nation does not exist. Federation is no doubt the best thing and the right thing, but if it is to be inaugurated by the. men who now seem to have , it in hand, it-, will not count for much in the general ad- \- - vancement of Australia, . It would be a marriage without love, and the evil of that is, unfortunately, a matter of daily ex-, perience. If the-people. of the colonies lia ve; no broad patriotic, love for each other, as Australians, they had better remain apart. ; The holiday on Tuesday was 'fine except . . for a sharp thunderstorm in the afternoon which5 caused evetyone to run for shelter,, but it cooled the air for ' the day ' had previously been olose and muggy. The principle event was supposed to be the regatta, but both the races and th e cricket ground, were well patronised, the latter especially for when the tide turned for N.S.W1 at the commencement of the secohd innings, Sydney turned out in force to see the show, and there was no doubt, some playing well worth seeing for Sid Gregory and Iredale and Dounoa thoroughly retrieved, their ill luck of the previous innings arid showed play, and made scores which delighted the community generally. Not only on the ground but in Market-street too, where the Evening News has erected a great scoring board which shows the runs as they are made, the overs, and everything else pretty well, as though the spectator was actually on the ground. The telephone is the means of communication, which by the way is coming more and more to the front in : the metropolis. There must now be' getting on for 3000 telephones, in use in Sydney and surburbs and they are being added to as fast as the instruments can be obtained from Europe. Orders some hundreds deep now await execution, and numbers o.f people have the wire affixed but only to tantalize them, for the instrument is not forthcoming. One wonders ' now how ever business was conducted prior to the introduction of this most useful invention. 