EXIT BUTLER. THIS morning the man Butler, Ashe, or Newman, or 'whatever his name may be, paid the penalty of his crimes, thus closing one of the strangest criminal tragedies ever heard of even in these thinly settled colonies, and thinly settled' regions are the places to furnish strange tales of murder. In one of Henry Kingsley's novels there is mention of a superstitious old Scotsman who avers .that he has seen ghosts on the New South Wfllps -TvnsVi ' and is lwrnYnstrfltefl with UDon his folly by some practical and up-to-date acquaintance: 'But,- Sandy, the thing is im possible; there can be no ghosts here; the eountry is too young.' 'Eh, eh, mon,' re plies Sandy, who himself is none too innocent and has left his own land ,for shaking a halter— with a horse attached to ' the other end oivit— 'Eh, eh, mon, it's a young country; but there's ower muckle wickedness been committed in it.' Sandy, even in his day, was probably right, and the deeds of wicked ness have been added to since, some of the additions being known and some of them bein£ of a nature that will never be revealed as long as the world lasts. Doubtless. the bush, has its secrets as well as the sea, and tne by-ways of great cities, and sometimes the finding of a long buried skeleton, or a iot; of scattered human bones near the traces oi a fire, gives a hint of what might be heard could the gum trees and rocks only speak. Jt is not to be supposed that all those who have been found buried sank tinder fatigue and were placed under earth by kindly mates, nor that all the bleaching skeletons that swagmen and boundary riders have come across and reported were the skeletons' o^, solitary wayfarers who had succumbed to thirst. Sometimes' the. arrest and trial of such a man as Butler, or the breaking up of a gang like the New Zealand one of over thirty years ago, reveals to an astonished and horrified public, much inclined to eherish the belief that the world is rapidly growing better and has already become . quite pro saically good, what strange natures lurk un der cover of. all the apparent mildness of modern civilisation, and of what they are capable when once* either through tempo rary circumstances . or local stirroundings, they^get.a free hand. It used to be said that the excitement of a Continental street revolt or of a Liondoh hanging would call forth into open day and into quarters of the town where generally squalor and vice in their more hideous aspects were unknown. ereatares of a Villainous looking type, of whose Tery existence smug respectability was previously unaware. In the Continen tal case what brought these beings forth from, tfieir lairs was the opportunity for bloodshed and plunder. In the London case there was temporary licence and a chance for packet-picking. But whatever might be the reason, quiet easy-going people were occasionally reminded that all was not yet $or the best in the best, of worlds; that there ?trere more or less quietly biding their time jkwjessv «bariEfccters,. wh» .only wanted vigt^ lance ±6 . be withdrawn «o fhatt :tney might lay Iprcjbte and possibly murderous hands t^on-*fibse who iad :.'beea iaoEe ^io'rtunate or ifti6£e f 'pTT^yidentthan themselves',- and despoil [th^ of.;tjieir -goods. ; Sometimes the }&sr-;~ jii^Vmatf ^etsliSs openings through the tern- ' Sjaaiijr iai^e Not .auiaKwrf^r in . .-.Some cfeB^ely^ plo;puiated town; sometimes X lie obtains it 'through having, from 'osfe: cause ..or another, |ef| jexem$a i aafl towns far - beMnd ^i''- anS rgbne^tosome region ^h&e; aatliorily- is very seldoni heard /of because fiiete kre^ bht few people to' be looked after, and where conse quently the few, thrown back upon rougher &act; more' jprimftSve eonditios& by ^e ab- : sence or scarcity of officially appointed guar dians, have, in a great measure, to 'look out for themselves. Considering all the social failures and men of doubtful antecedents who have come out to Australia, and con sidering all the temptations offered by gold, and the facilities afforded by the solitariness of the interior, people will find it hard to per suade themselves that Butler has had no ri vals in crime, although of these many remain unknown. And, considering the long time tnat Butler roamed West Australia and other lonely regions, it is hard to believe that his revealed erimes are his only ones. These considerations rendered it imperative that Butler, when detected and convicted, should die. ' it was necessary to check a kind of crime too easy -of commission by the warn ing of a dreadful penalty. Everyone saw the necessity and appreciated it, because everyone had either travelled in lonely places with strange mates, or knew someone who had done so. It is curious how the instinct of self-preservation influences men's minds in the matter of judging of the heinousness of murders. Let a victim be subtly poi soned with every circumstance of cunning and professional skill, or let a man or wo man be' done ta death by some unusual means or 'for some imusual motive, and there will always be found sympathetic souls to say that the criminal was mad, or tempo rarily irresponsible for his actions, and to demand a commutation. But let an ordin ary citizen, the type of a thousand others, be knocked on the head while going peace ably about his own humdrum business, and there immediately arises a cry for ven geance. All the thousand think with one accord, 'Why it may be my turn next.' There must be thousands in this city who thought when the Butler trial was on, 'Well, I was hard up and looking out for a job at the time when Butler was in Sydney. If I had seen his advertisement I might have gone away with him, and God knows what would have happened to me.' As we have hinted, there is much reason to believe that others besides the. known victims went at one time or- another away with Butler— he ?would never have been caught, but for his decoying Lee Weller, who had a tolerably wide circle of acquaintances— and no one knows what became of Butler's other com panions. Because of the number of those to whom the Mountain Murders came very vividly home, as well as because of the atro cious nature of the erimes, each victim being lured into digging his own grave, there has been no voice raised for Butler, no de mand for a reprieve or a commutation, and this although there were people found to speak for Deeming, an equally atrocious scoundrel; but one whose crimes took a more eccentric .direction and affected only women whom he could bring under his influence. There were put forward suggestions that Deeming was ' mad, and that therefore he should be treated as a criminal lunatic and not hanged. The only hint that was given that Butler's brain was not quite right came from a member of Parliament of a scientific turn^who conveyed it in the form of a request that Butler's brain should be examined after his execution, a proceeding in which Mr. Brunker did not see any good. When members of a usually ultra humane community set to work^long before a criml. nal's execution to gravely discuss the de sirability of dissecting that criminal's brain, and that without any protest being heard, it is a sure sign that- what the man has done is beyond pardon or the hope of it, and that he has been judged not only by the courts, but by the sense of the people at large. The promptitude of Australian justice and the order and dignity with which all the' pro ceedings connected with the trial were man aged contrasts, excellently with the laxity and sensationalism which, prevailed in Ame rica while Butler was detained there await ing extradition. The skill with which his crimes were traced out, the persistency with which he was followed, and the promptitude and certainty of his fate after guilt had once been brought home to him, should, too, have a deterrent effect iipon other wicked men whom^only fear will restrain. As announced in our late* edition yesterday, Mr. Brunker was again questioned on the subject of Butler's brain in Parliament. He replied that the condemned man Butler denied having, offered his brain to be subjected to a, post mortem examination in the interests of criminology, and therefore no -action would be' taken in the matten Beally the offer of the kind indi cated was too much to expect from Butler, arid Mr. Brunker, who has been blamed for various things of late, was quite right to leave the initia tive in thia delicate affair to the prisoner*. He could not well ask him for his brain; it might have caused misconstruction. ! ? It was not to be supposed that bo tempting a subject for- K a few Temarks, Mr. Speaker,' as the Sunday trading question would escape the convenient motion for adjournment in the Assembly. To lok th& -poor man of his beer would be - a ecaaeeely less « heinous offence ~ against the liberty of the subject than to rob the poor Sunday peripatetic cf his ox her gingerbeer and oranges. So, .apparently thought most of those honorable gentlemen who yesterday KEburdened thenrselves on the initiative ofMx.' Hughes; though the irrapreseible member for YasBj. with the courage «f a Covenanter, boldly .?&ct;^tf'-^'^«.';V\»..-i';;:lB!^tif^--^.Sabba^,- and; let it-be clearly understood that he would invoke .iteM*^£arafc-.«L??a ;,j»'naitiss' upoii '}?£& :, , worldlings ? who^ouid dai«:io:^ -Blafcytea by^adlin^Or^ge^torveiidi^fioft^trmks Affleck is, at all' eveiits,cbnsistent. The require ments of modern crviiiBed life may have quite girt beyond the restiaintsJthat were thought desirable a .f.i^^ij^'f,^0a^x^i^f.ijg^^'f'!knsU accor^ying to Affleck : philosophy, so much the worse for raodern civaieation^ ^There is thelaur, and it ? most be obeyed. Thirsty Burners may yearn for 45unday orangeB and gtlfeerbeer, fetft tbe wisdom of Mr. Affleck's ancestors Is against- thetu- and that eettlee the matfeft It ia to be feared, however, that if light refreshment selling on Sunday be an offence in the ejes oE tiie law, the eyes '«f '.-tfee/Jai*-; stand in » fair wiy*of regular weekly practice at winking pretty hard. The Orange correspondent of the 'Evening News-' yesterday reported the appearance of four shearers in that quarter who were mounted on bicycles, and en route for Queensland. These early leaders of a fashion, which will, doubtless, be Tery extensively followed, are described as. 1 brothers, and eo should be the right sort of com panions for one another in what is, presumably, an experimental trip. The travelling shearer - in the character of a 'wheelman will probably soon be a familiar enough figure. Mounted in that style, he will at all events have the advantage — no inconsiderable one at times— of being saved from all solicitude ae to prove&dMt; for his steed. The effect of the drought on stock in South j Australia has led to a proposal in that colony lor I the abolition of the Stock Tax. Seventy per cent. I of the 'stock ia the north, are said to j have perished during the test two years, and I Adelaide is being supplied with meat from Mel- I bourne. The local meat is so poor as to be un eatable. But owing to the heavy tax upon it the . I imported meat is very dear — beef from a shilling I to ninepence a pound and mutton frem sixpence to fivepence. Taxes on stock are objectionable enough at any time, as far as the interest of con- I sumere is concerned, but the impost must, be espe cially to in this case. Yet in that matter, to be sure, both of our southern neighbors have acted ' on a selfish and shortsighted pelicy. We have the news that the Presbyterian ] Churches in Scotland and Ireland have adopted a ! new hymnal, which will come into use at the end ' of the^year. The new tunes are to be supplied by Sir John Stainer, Professor of Music at Oxford University, and Sir Arthur Sullivan. There was a time when novelties in the way of music would have been very unlikely to recommend themselves to those who regulated the ways in which it was deemed nt that Presbjterianism should go. But the idea of the orthodox lifting up theiif voices in uuieon with the strains of a musician identified, with the light frivolity ot 'Patience' and 'Pinafore' . is enough to make some of the departed : worthies of the Kirk actually turn m their graves. But that, indeed, is not the only direction in which modern. Presi yfcerianism has got rid of conservative prejudices, and learned to move with the age. For this particular movement it is to be thought that there was much need. It is not long since a Scot who himself occupies no undistinguished place among -the composers of the day expressed his regret that music and sons as associated with tbe service of the national church lett so very much to be desired. The religious tunes, he said, were mostly bad enough — but that as a rule the singing- o± them was worse. ? King George of Greece is heard of as posing in a grateful attitude to the Czar, while the humor of the .'?jultan is described as obstinate. Donjtl-jss the Commander of the Faithful thinks it hard lines that after Greece having dared him to the contest he has not been permitted to bring the fight to a finish in the old fashioned way. 'They had to retire into extinction, expulsion, and the throat of Moslem vengeance, which was frightiully bloody and inexorable then.' Thus 6ays Carlyla.with refer ence to a Greek rising -which, took place in the last century, and which had been encouraged by the successes gained over the Turks by a tamoua predecessor of the Czar. - That was Catherine II, But at that period, too, there was a general im pression that Russian sympathy with the Greeks had its distinct limits. The question was already raised as to who should Eucceed the Turks when they were driven from Constantinople, an event ?which, seemed not unlikely to come about in Catherine's own time. She never contemplated I the Greeks as likely to become serious competi tors with Russia for the succession in question, but probably looked forward to their one day or anotber being included among the subjects ot the Empire. If it be indeed a traditional idea in Russia that its interests ara not to be served Jay promoting Greek ambition for natioaal expansion, it is perfectly intelligible why Russia, while Greece was so confidently pre paring for war with Turkey, should, have given the weight of its influence in favor, of its old enemy. It is not any more difficult to compre hend how it is that Ruesia should be cow not -unwilling to lend a helping hand to a very much chastened Greece, no longer able to stand in the way of any Kuesian schemee with respect to the heritage of tbe Sick Man. Had the Greets, as they themselves imagined. they could, actually marched to Constantinople, the next programme they might have submitted for European approval would perhaps have been one lor the partial revival of the Empire of Constantioe. It is tolerably certain that such an ending. of the Turk in Europe would never have suited tbe authorities at St. Petersburg. 