A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. .CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCOnw OF PEOPLE AND VOUCmcn [?] LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY irnii FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THY : KAUT LAST BEEN 0N A GREAT VIOTORY FOR DR WIT LIAMS' PINK PILLS From tho "Australian Workman"! On ihursduy afternoon, our rorirn soutalivo made his way. to tlio lniml.u homo of Mr Thomas Jirvls, 45, £ lane, Ultimo. Ho wns discovered a two yonr-old baby, andhisfaco doclurcd hnu to bo ono of tlio happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and alio to nnswor the knock at the door! Although pale nnd bearing still tho marks of a critical illness, nnd a poriod of min it wns very cloar tliut ha wasnn invalid on tno rnpiu rond to oonvnlosoonco. Ill reply to preliminary questions, !,„ m ' i mJ,t wnHt,to,k»ow all about my case? Woll I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. Iho facts mire bo of valuo to thoso who aro striakcn ns I was.' " How long woro you suffering" " Woll, tivolvo months ago I got so bud thnt I had to leavo off work and I have dono nothing since them. About five yours ago, next Christmas, mot witli on accident; I was badly scaldud whilo tnkinc a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Sinco the accident I havo boon in failing health, nnd nftor four yeags of gradual development of tlio malady, I was forcod to givu uu mo billot ut tho Globe Island.' P y " What woro the symptoms ?" " Simply indosoribttblo. Tho pains were something terrible. They wore iU8t about lis muoh ns I could hear Tlioy . wore . .. for . nil,, tho world liko ns if a- sow woro cutting my bonos.in two uvory part of mo. I had no control over my bowols or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and avoryono olso. I was incessantly shivering and Blinking, Olid could noithor oat nor slcon On tho 23rd of March last I saw i: well, known doctor and ho told mo that my enso was utterly hopless. However, he give mo an ordor to' tho Dircctur of Charitable Institutions." "Did you inako uso of tho ordorl" : "No; Icnmohomo nnd went to bed, nnd have boon pretty woll in bod over sinco. Fivo wooks ago I oould not walk across tho floor; in fact, I could not got out of bed. I felt then thnt it was nil ovor with me, nnd only a quesDon of days when I would givo up tho ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to csso tho tigony 1 wns in. I was undor him for fivo or six weeks. Ho enmo to tho tlio con. elusion tlmt I wns suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disooso of tho spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of", 'gait, nnd difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. Ho told ma that I might last for ton years, and thnt I might liuvor got tho uso of my legs. < Just thon tlio pationt kicked his logs about witli energy to show thnt medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just us a drowning man would grasp st a straw, I grasped at nn idea convoyed by tho advertisement describing tlio cure affuotcd in - the case of another boiler- mnkerin England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I road in the advertisement of a enso whioh seemed to fit. my own.- I determined . to giro tha Pink Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The offoct was as marvellous as it was magical. . I was able to cntaud Deep us though nothing was the inattor with me. It was. the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately , loft tlio bod and was able to movo about. I havo tukon four boxes of Pink Pills during tho past four nooks, and am now taking tha fifth box. I can walk about with tho aid of a stick, and ant gradually, but surely, recovering iny former vigor and vitality. You see thoso ci'utohus there? They are perfectly new, and I have never usod them. They wore made for ino before I got tho Pink Pills, hut I was too weak to use thorn, anil now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, nnd I hopo soon to do without it. You uoo I am rapidly regaining ray strength." "Ho is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who hud . come in and taken tho baby on llior knoo. " Tho Pink Pills havo saved , his life, " and made another man of him." : A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ton years younger that day than ho did a fortnight pre viously. ; , "I can now'," continued Jarvis "havo a cold huDi,' and all tho feeling has come back in my logs. If I keep on going tho way I am, I hopo to bo able to resume work as a boiier-mnker, and you know I have to bo in tho very pink of health and strength to work at that trado. t am bettor to-day -than 'I -have boon nt any timo during tho past fivo years. I ascribe all tho oimiigo and bonefit to thoso Fink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatovor, and feel like a now man. On the mantolpieco thero is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer noed them. Everybody who knows mo hns boen nmnzed at tlio clinnge in me. Thoy can hardly holiavo their eyes. My being about again hits caused quite a sensation out here." Such iu this rumarkublo history, and it confirm what is said in nil tho chief newspapers of this country of tho astonish ing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills fur Polo Pooplc. Thoy euro locomutor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders whioh arise from on impoverished stato of the blood, such as ameinia, polo and sallow complexion, genoral museulsr weak ness, indigestion, loss of nppetite, short ness of breath, pains in tho baok, norvous headache, & o. , Mr J. S. T. MoGowon, loader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was socn by our reporter in connection with the remarkable cose of Thomas Jarvis. Mr MeGowen says ho has known Jarvis from infancy. Ho also know that he had to give up his work at Globe Ieland abattoirs twelve month ago, owmg to a malady whioh he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that thero was lltDe ohanoe ot his recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, oa his oase had boen pronounood inoursblo. Mr McGknven was, therefore, like every- ono olse who know the facts, astounaea at tho cnmploto recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams' Pink Pills nro obtainable from nil loading chomists, or from tho ut I Williams' Medicine Co., Queen s l |fl00' I Sydnoy, who will forward (post paid) ® I receipt of stamps or post oruor 1 box 10 I 2e 9d, or J dozen for 14s 0d. I Two steamers laden with whenthav I boon despatched from America to ina > I in aid of the sufferers froth the famine, I 