VICTORIA THEATRE. \----+-- Hamlet. AT the Victoria Theatre last evening, Mr. Alfred Dampier and his excellent combine. tion produced " Hamlet" to an appreciative although not largo audience. dAs the Daneo, Mr. Dempier was very sueccessful, and it is certainly one of the best of his many characteristions. He was consis tent, echolarly and earnest throughont, the " player's speech " being exceptionally well delivered. His satirical jibing lines weoro vell spoken, and fromn first to last M.r. Dam pier acted up to his own high standard Mr. Appleton, as the King of Denmark; Mr. E. Duggan, as Polonines; Mr. W. IH. Smith, as Horatio; Mr. Alfred Rolfo, as Lacrties; Mr. E:dmund Holloway, as the Ghost of Hamlet's Father; and Mr. Geeoo. Buller, as First Grave Digger, gave an excellent rendering of their respective parts. Miss Rose Dampier sustained the part of Ophelia in a most satisfactory manner, her conception and rendering of the character leaving noth ing to be desired. Miss Katherino Russell as Gertrude, did excellently. The minor parts wore well flled, and taken on a whole, the production was a great success. This evening the season will be brought to a close, when the sensational drama in five acts (adapted from Rider Haggard's world famed novel "Jess") and entitled "The Transevaal Heroine," will be produced. The drama, which abounds in exoiting and stirring military episodes, is said to vividly depict the recent crisis in South Africa. The season so far has been a very succesasful one, and the Meossrs. M'Mahon are deserving oi every support at the hands of local theatro goers for their enterprise. To produce, as they have done, seven different pieces in seven nights is a formidable undertakling, and in presenting "The TransvaalHeroine" as their closing performasoo they doe serve the award of a bumper house. Bgy arrangement with the railway authorities, the last train for the Maitland district will be detained to-night until 11 o'elook, so that residents desirous to attend the theatre may be enabled to remain to the close of the per formanee, and reach the station comfortably in time. 