«THU THREEFOLD WITNESS FOR CHRIST. Jtev. C. .Stark preached the following discourse at Lewisham Baptist Church lost week, when ibero were present those ?who attended the sil tings ol' the Union : John 5th ch. 8th v., .' For there are three ?who hear witliess, the Spirit, and the Water. »nd the Blood, mid these three agree in one." Water-and blood are referred to ns two of the three great witnesses or sets of evidence for Christ. They are symbols, und look back to two of the most characteristic and signi- ficant acts of his personal history. The one is His htpttam und the other His cross. "Why His baptism ? The baptism of John -was the seal of the law ; lt was the outward .ign by which those who repented at his i preaching showed their determination to keep the law, no longer in letter, but also in the spirit. Christ too showed this deter- mination. Baptism in water wits his outward sign und seal to the Old Testament .that he had not come to destroy, but to fulfil the law ; not to supersede the prophets, but .to claim them. It was to showjdiat in Him the righteousness mid purification which the low intended was to be a reality, and through .Him be the law of His kingdom. Blood In the sumo vtviy refers to the special work of -Christ, a work of reconciliation and atone- ment by His death and passion. The -realisation of all that the sacrifices and tlipcs of the former stale of reliriion hurl meant. That Ho was the true sacrmce waa proved by the perfection of His life. He ?came by blood, for His sacrifice atoned for sin as rebellion against God, and it is the .spirit that boareth witness. The Holy Spirit Jinrl descended on Christ nt His baptism, and Jiud proved to be the Son of God in every, word and uct of His life. The Holy Spirit Jiad made new men of His disciples, and on tho Day of Pentecost had laid far and wide tho foundation of His kingdom, and was dully demonstrating Himself in the renewed iife in all parts of the world ; and these three Agree in one ; literally make for the one. The three witness to Christ, but have their counterparts in the Christian life. These three open before us the threefold duty of .-Christian life which God lays upon us, and At the same time witness the threefold fromise which the Christian life holds out efore us. They are symbolised by three différent material elements. The coming upon us of each of these elements symbolises the coming'into us of a corresponding spiritual experience, waler for personal purity, lire for spiritual power, oíoocí for self-sacrifice. These three were the bap- tismal experiences of Christ's life, and that . is not to be understood if we neglect any one ?of them. They are, and ought to be, the .experiences of every Christian life ; yea, it is a great loss If any one of them bo under- valued or neglected. To this part of a threefold witness and to its great importance ! tlie Apostle John bears fervent testimony -when, after emphasising the fact that Christ «ame not by water only, ho adds the words j .of our text " There are three that bear -witness, the Spirit and tho Water and the Jtlood." Fire for the burning zeal of His life, -water for the purified character of His life, Mood for the unselfish offering of His lifo. ?These three bear witness unto our Lord Jesus Christ, but these three claim tbeir . witness in our Christian lives and character, thus bringing the experience of human life Into conformity with the " the Divine experience of the Divine -life. Thus wo 'get the meaning of Christ's words when He said, " Sanctify them in tho truth. Thy word is truth, and us Thou didst -send me into the world oven so send I them into the world, and for their sakes I sanctify Myself, that they themselves also may be sanctified in truth." Thus fitness for the Master's service is purity of life and dmr every member of the Churcli of Christ. The Church is flt for His service whon she is holy in life, mid will be successful in her mission only when she lenrns that purity of ber individual members is ono of the conditions indispensable forChrist's service. Tho Church ought to look to the purity of her members rather than numbers. Man may look at the outward appearance, but God looks at the lieart. When Ile looks into the heart of His Church, He expects to seo His own image, and why so? Because, ns we nave .seen, Christianity Is Identity af lifo with Christ, and you remember He said " I came that ye might have life," and he gathered ». few men, such as were willing to leave their fishing nets and boats, and seats of custom. Ho said unto them " I nm the life." ?Then He piib that life into them, and this little band He kept about Him for a little while. Then He ascended into Heaven, leaving them to put that Ufo into othors. Tho seed multiplies itself, and has reached down to our dav. He brought life. Let us sec where we will come out with this state- ment/ Just before He ascended He gathered thin little hand into the upper room, and fluid runny very precious things to them. jVmong the things He said wus this t " I am thc vine, ye tho branches," The same life And sap are In tho brunch that are in thc root ; they come from a common source and cannot be divided, that ls identity of life with Christ, and that is Ohristianfty, But liefore that scene closed He prayed to His Father, and said " I have declared unto them Thy name, and will declare lt." Why ? "That the love wherewith Thou lovest me ?nay be in them and I in them." The love -wherewith God loved tho Sou may be in «is : not a different love, the same In kind, .different only In degree. According to our measure God loved, Christ loved, 1 love identity of motive. But a step further. 41 As tho Father sent me into tho world, «ven so have I sent them Into tho world." Identity of mission, identity of life, Identity ot motive, with Christ in God, that is Chris- tianity; that Is the Gospel of the Son of Cod ; and that must have been what Paul realised when he said " I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." How Intensely that thought must have burned in his soul. .When writing to the Philljpians, he Bpeaks with such earnestness "That in nothing «hall I be put to shame; but that with all boldness, ns always, so now also Christ shall . he magnified in my body. For me'to live is Christ," and wben tho Church of Christ realises such an experience in earnest, she will stand a living witness for a crucified Christ before a sin- blighted world, and her message will be " That which we have soon jiiid heard dpclare we unto you nl90, thnt yo may have fellowship with us, yen and our fellowship is with the Father and with His ßoa Jesus Christ." (I. John I-3.) But wo «hall only bc successful in proclaiming such * message by occupying the high ground .of spiritual insight and outlook. Let the Ohurch of God bury her conduct upon the ground of tho man to whom she is proclaiming this message, and sho will jiresent stagnant water, breeding disease nod death. But If she hides her life with Christ in God, then her life will have the power and purity of God's high places, and through her consecrated ' life will How a stream of force nnd freshness, not only to satisfy the thirsty lip, hut to regenerate the :Koul. Witness of the Spirit. Then as water f;ave sign nf the purity of the Christian ¡fe, so the Holy Spirit gave sign of the zeal and power in God's service which should como upon the true Christian. Even John the Baptist saw that there was to be ii .different baptism when .the Messiah should i llirie, and prophesied that he should baptise .with the Holy Ghost nnd with fire, thus pointing out the coining upon men not only «if cleansing grace, but also of spiritual power. You will remember how when those In Samaria had been baptised with witter, the Apostles sent some of their number down to them specially that they might receive tho gift of the Holy Ghost. .That the Apostles themselves recolved lt wa's abundantly manifested on the Day of J' -titecost. The symbol of this baptism was bulling fire; tho effect of lt was always «inné increase of zeal and effectiveness in the J),v¡ne service. It was often intimately con- nected with the gift of eloquence In pro- claiming the Word of God, also with the gift of great enthusiasm for the cause of the Lord's kingdom, and always with the gift of heroic consecration. It mnele tho early Christian preachers missionaries, it some limes made them ni I racle-workers, hut it .always ru nile them ready to live or die for the name of the Lord Jesus Christ;.and ?what carno upon those early Christians is tho indispensable want of every Church, ot every Christian, to-day. Ic ii not enough for us to know what ha«, been ; we must not be' satisfied to know this us a truth only, we must know it ax H present power, must feel its influence upon ourselves. It must influ- ence our actions and change our lives. As a Ílower it must take our natures and' our ives into its hands and change them. I pray God that your life and mine may not only be spiritually clean-cleansed .by the blond of Christ, and kept by the grace of God abiding with us-but that our lives may be also spiritually effective, made so by the power of God already in us. It is ours to claim the Spirit-the coming into our hearts of enthusiasm and burning zeal, fervent devotion, and outgoing of enegy ; not only God receiving us, pardoning us, also God continually present with us, ministering to us, .enthusing and working through us. It is worth while waiting at our place of prayer until the power of the Holy Ghost shall come upon us. I only need remind you that the power ot a Church does not lie in the things she jmssesses. She is not strong because she is rich, or cultured, or highly organised. It is not enough for us to say what colleges we possess, .what religious institutions we have, what meeting houses, what a ritual, what a creed, sound or orthodox. A Church is not strong because of any of these things, hut the Church nf God is strong only as she lays holli on Gail's poicer. The secret vower In tho Church is Goif, and the secret poicer of the individual in the Church is Got!. The Church of suc- cess is such only as she Is the mimi nistrator of the moral forces of heaven. Those men in the early life af the Church were to be dominant spirits ruling over men's des- tinies, shaping the fule nt the nations. They were to regenerate society, they were to proclaim truths from Goa, for which »ic» were thirsting, and they would have been absolutely powerless to accomplish their work If they bud not been co-workers with the Holy Gtiost. Huw can we work with the Spirit ? By conforming to the laws of the Spirit ; by keeping our eyes und ears open, our heurts pure, and our minds inquiring, in order that the truth muy reuen us ; uy iorcmg our wins to oe suuiuio sivo and responsive to God's will. Obey tbe Spirit, and we cnn work with the Spirir. Conform to God's methods, and' He will work through us ; oppose them und we shall fail. The Christian life ls begun and sustained by the opening of the heart to the Spirit. Life under the guidance of the Spirit is the life of the disciple of Christ. Let us then put our aspirations into the hands of God, and His desires and purposes for us will become our own desires and purposes, Let us put our hearts into God's bands, and what he chooses will become our lovo, and the force of our lives for time and eternity. We will do spiritual work natur- ally, joyously ; the moment we submit our will to God's will then the power never fails-the ability to receive never ceases. Thus, no Christian is ever called to do what he caunot do, although he is often moved to do what seems to him impassible ; but all he needs to remember is that all things are flossi ble to him that believeth, and as Paul tau said, " For it is God- which worketh in you, both to will and ta do of his good rileusure " (Phil. 11-13.), Thus omnipotence les before the child of God, ready to become their own, and that power is not less, nor less divine, when it becomes our own. The one conditional word in the receiving of this power is faith, and faith ÍB that act or attitude of the man by which the word (of God becomes bis own power. It opens the saul toward God for the reception of strength, and toward tho world for the employment of it. That is identity of mission with Christ; and us wutcr gave sigu of purity of life and character, and Ure gavo sign of the spirit of the power of God, so blood gave sign of the coming upon us of the spirit of self-sacrifice and service of the Spirit willing to nour out the life unto death for the glory of God and the service of man. Identity of experience with Christ, that is religion, a religion of self-sacrifice. " Deny thyself, luke up the cross daily, and follow me," that is the religion of Christ. And so wo must go on, and even when, like Christ, we feel prostrated and ory, " Father, if it be possible, let this cup puss from me," we must push on after Jesus and cry, " Nevertheless, not my will, but Thine be done." And when the cross seems to be too much for us, angels will couiu and strengthen us, as they did our elder brother. It may be that now tbe Luid is looking down into some heart here aud saying, " Ye ahull, indeed, be baptized with the baptism wherewith I am baptized,'' If lt ie so, may God give you grace and strength to say with IIIB apostle, " Yes, and if I am offered upon the sacrifice and service of faith I joy, and am rejoicing, also that ye are accounted worthy to suffer in the name of Christ." And yet, how far we all are, how fur the Christian Church, how far ls my own life as I speak to you, from any real partak- ing of this experience.. We are so comfort- able, nine-tenths of our living is so selfish, we grieve so deeply at the least thing that does not satisfy, or that goo9 wrong with us. Thu depth of mystery hidden from all ages is so much to us, still that depth of mystery that the unselfish way is a joy, a hope, and a glory. Have we not, every one of us, an experience of Christian life, other than any we have yet attaiued unto. When the Muster sends us out to teach all nations, it is not baptism in water alone that He has in mind, it is something fur greater, grander, than that which ls laid upon His Church and His people. It is the baptism of water, of fire, and of blood. It is the bringing of the possible purity, the possible inspiration, and the possible self-sacrifice and unselfishness among men, that this mission of Christ has before us, We go unto men in this ministry of Christ with a threefold message and power, we go to fill them with light, and purity and truth. A ministry of refinement, of character, we must go into them to All them with unselfishness, with martyr spirit, a mission of solf-sacrillcing love. Need I say that love for Jesus ChriBt bas always been the secret source of the highest services and the holy sacrifice which Christians have made. It was personal love for a personal Christ, which led the first disciples to for- sake all things to follow Him ; that led the first Christians to say that nought that they possessed was their own, but. that all things were His ; that put an element of pleasure even into persecution, and which mude sacri- fice swoet when some of tho apostles were apprehended in Jerusalem and punished, they returned to their own country with their backs beaten and bruised, but rejoicing that they were accounted worthy to suffer for His naroo. Many a man bas died for principle, but when Stephen, the first martyr, looked up and saw the heavens opened, and Jesus standing at the right hand of God, it was sweet to die as a witness of His life and truth, The saints in every land exhorted one another to rejoice inas- much, as they were made partakers of Christ's sufferings, and it was because of personal love for Christ that Paul, who had been separated from his own people and persecuted by the Pagans, who had borne poverty, punishments, stripes and imprisonment, could say for His sake " I have suffered the loss of all things." Oh, holy love, how matchless Is thy power; oh, holy love, which brought the Son of God from heaven to earth to die for sinful tuen ; oh holy love, which transforms the sinner into tho saint, and makes him wilting to suiter the loss of all things and surrender lifo itself in death for the sake of the Son of God. Oh, that the holy tove which was in the heart of Paul may lill our hearts, making each one of us willing to suffer the loss of all things, and to give lifo itself for Him who loved us, and who gave Himself for us. 