? - THE STORYTELLER. THE HAZARD OP THE DIE. » ? — _ CHAPTER VI t. , ' ~ THE STAKE 1 '. ? ; They had given tho baffled rascal two : days' grace. In Franc?, a person charged ? with a crime can ba convicted without baing brought face to free with his accuser and without being present at the trial. This ctrious method of criminal proc-dure \- - is styled Li Contumaco, or Trial 'by Dj fiiult, and is ordained by clauaes 465 and 478 of the French criniiua! code. Therefore, ou -?rhiit4jver M. r^c^rd de cidoi, whether he chose to stay --r to run away, the game was ia his wife's bands. Ii would eo!; ba necessary to have him watched. Absent, or present, a onviciion of forgery could be recorded, and apon the proof of thatT. charge a divorce would be graatod to her. Tncre v-as, of course, the wife's earnest. deei:o to avoid scandal and exposure ; but even this was little to be feared, for, excrpS in eases of national im ' ' portanco, the av-.rago Froccb. law court re- * porter can ba bought, and his silence assured. The natter is simply one of price, and not of a too extravagant price cither. 'You will corne back here,' Shefford bad said, ' the day after to-morrow at 12 o'clock, and if you are ten minutes lato you will be sent for, and! guess yoti won't be very sweet on the messenger.' The old ruffim, stunned by the blow of the discover}', with his heart ricing in tumultuous terror to M3 throat, gasping feeblyrand feeling as *ick as th« proverbidl dog, with hi3 face a mixture of natural yellowish grey and artificial red and pink, ghastly in its discordance, with his eyes wandering distractedly, with his fingers uu knowingly fumbling, had lisped a faint and half unconscious consent 'Mind you do/' Sheffad had added, \- with uncompromising sternness, ' for I'll mike you real Bick before I've done with you if you try any more tricks,' and M. de St. Ciair had left the room in full assur ance that the American would be as good as his word. Now I will give mv fin-de-siecle philoso pher a sbors question to haggle over — Wa? M. de S'. Clalr to be pitied or despised? The little rogue was beaten at every point. Surely fate had put np the cards against him from the moment he commenced his game with that astute Mr. Shefford as his opponent. He had never had a ghost of a chance. His fate' was similar to that of the well-known card sharper on the Mississippi ate a.mer who tried his game at a hand of poker with Hermann, king of card prestidi gitateurs. The famous corjurer cheated the poor wretch with insolent impunity, and finally ended by withdrawing from the amazed rascal's sleeves a whole series of accs, Kings, and Queens, whereupon the blacfrteg was promptly thrown into the Mississippi by tha enraged bystanders. 'Now, there was no doubt whatever that the sharper had cheated a great many people, but on the one occasion which brought condign punishment upon his head, he was not only absolutely guiltless, but even offended against. Poor de. St. Clair stood in a sim ilar plight. He had cheated and robbed people without number. But in this instance be was simply intent on claiming that which was his own, and it wos really unkind on the part of a thoroughly onesided Providence that on that important occasion ho was brought face to face with a man shrewder Ihim himself. His previously formed opin ion that Americans usually leave their native shrewdness and outeness in New Hampshire or Connecticut when they had come to Paris had proved mistaken. Now, was the poor man not to be pitied 1 Surely Providence might have matched him against a simpler and more easily bafflad person than Mr. Frederick Adam Shefford. The worst feature of M. tie St. C'air'a deplorable position was that he was actu illy not possessed of a solitary silver franc wherewith to buy food or drink. He had often before been in a similar plight, and hai always maoaged to fasten upon a viotim who furnished him with ths where withal to continue on his oourse cf pillaging. Bat juht then ho i'olt himself no more equal to a search afier an unsu«pocting prey than to faoing a mad dog. Ho walked along tho a cule of tho Rue de Rivoli with slow and halting step, with his oyes to the ground, eyeing nobody and heating nothing. His throat was.pu-chcd and his lips were d-y, anl from time to tima ho unconsciously moistened them wrh his tongue. At the corner of the Ruo Oasiiglione te acantly crossed the road towards the ' laileries Gardens. A fiacre brushed so dosely by him that the wheels grazed his coat sleeve, but he did not tern, or fadl mwed by the narrowness of his escape. Slowly and measuredly as he had walked along the street be strolled in the garden , holdirg bis cane in his hand behind. his back, and sat himself down at the first seat he came across. The lovely summer-clad gardens were alive with the boisterous gaiety of happy children. Sweet innocents romped and danced and skipped around him amid peals of childish mirth. He noticed them not. One littltt girl sent her hoop between his legs*. He disentangled it absentmindedly, and gave it to the child. As bo looked up his care-dimmed gszs alighted upon tho girl's face, and the dark, smiling eyes - beamed on him in happy recognition of his act of friendly courtesy. Hethought be was about to faint, and something seemed to grip his throat and to choke him, for the pretty face before him was hia May's, his daughter's. And there she wag, as he had always seen her, m he had always dreamed about her — pink frock, moES roses, and all. He looked so strange, and he gasped so that the child, withdrawing her hoop with slow diffidence, asked him, ' ¥ou &re; not sick, sir, are yon ?' He drew himself up with an effort of leepairj and a wry smile gleamed for a moment in his little eyes. «rHo, I'm not ill,' he saia. ' Oaly— only—-—' He looked about him, and aaw, inobody whom he knew. His child was. there, and neither her mother nor that .terrible Virginian wa3 by to prevent his speaking to her. Fate had been kinder ffifch him than ha imagined. 'I thought for -a moment,' he continued, with a weak, piping voice, 'I really thought I knew yonr face. You resemble so much a little child of my own.' Again he cr.st furtive glances, about him, but nobody threatened to disturb his momentary happiness — -no- body he knew, at any rate. Oa the bench opposite an elderly French lady in sober black silk was busy with her needle.: Most probably the child was in her charge. ? The little girl saw that the man looked fjoblr, and he spoke so softly and so ?r6tnulously and so piteonsly that her little heart went out to him, and she stopped from her romp and looked at him inquir iugly, with those great limpid dark eyes of hers. .«' Was sho an American girl like me?' jhe asked, nestling fearlessly against the -ld gentleman, who drew her to him. There was such happy contagion in the touch of her tiny hand as the old rogue in the course of his long wicked life never remembered. And that was the sweetness ;f which he was to be ruthlessly depxTve'd;' ' Yes, tny darling,' de St. Clair con tinued, whilst a warmer sensation replaced the sickening feeling which had previously kept possession of him. ' She was a little American girl — like you — exactly like you. As pretty as you, and that is saying a great deal.' '' But you see,' May continued in childish prattle, ' I'm not quite an American girl, because my father, he's a Frenchman.' The words stabbed themselves upon bis heart like cuts from a rad-hot knife. Had they told her about his crime ? had they poisoned her childish mind against him ? ' A Frenchman,' he breathed. ' Yee, a Frenohmar,' the girl continued, ia sprightly measure. 'Anl j'ou're a Frenchman, though you speak English very well. I know you're a Frenchman, because you do not look a bit like an American. I like Frenchmen, bscanas my father, you know, ia a Frenchman.' , A question surged to his lips, and he struggled to repress it, but he would risk it. ' Do you like your fjtber V ho asked, with a faint tremor of expectation that ran through his limbs like an electric thrill. The child paused for a momant. 'Do you like your father V ho repeated, with a more dogged earnestness. 'Well, you see,' the child stammered, ' I have never seen my father, and Ma — ?? Ma— sho says — ' ' What does your Ma say?' ho ques tioned slowly. The child's eyes were dropped, and she plajfully tapped the hoop with her stick. ' Ma says,' she went on, ' — ' 41 What does your Ma say V , ' You see, father has not been very kind to Mil, and Ma says he's a bad man, and Uhe wants to get rid of him and marry . l).'.d(]y Shefford.' The horrid, sickly tumult owellod within him again, and he glared eo thafc tha little 1 girl became frightened, and withdraw her baud 'from his fingers. 'Don's icind ma,' ba g spa-I. ' Don't / ? mind me, tny dear. And do you like Daddy Stafford ?' ' Oh yes !' There was no questioning the decisiveness of the answer. ' You aro very fond of him 1' 'Yes.' ?' You like him more than 37ou do your father ? ' Tho child's face became troubled under this cross-examination. Sbe looked about her as if afraid of being overheard. ' I like my father,' sho whispered, ' though I've rover scon him, because — becausu ho is ray father. Aud, j'ou know, Mj has a poitiait of him, and ho is very j^ood-lookiug, that is, French good-looking, wad — and — I wish be were a belter man. I would love him a great deal more if he ?were. And — Daddy Sheffjrd — ' 'What about Daddy Shefford ]' he questioned eagorly. -; 'What about him ?'' . 'D^ddy Shefford,' she anawered, ' is bo kind, and so good, ond he loves Ma so, and Ma loves him so — ' ' 'Would you rather have Daddy Sheffjrd for a father than your own father?'' he asked, with burning intensity. ' Of course I would,' the child replied. ' Daddy Shefford is a good man, and my father ia a bad man. And with Daddy Sheffjrd Ma will be happy, and at present Bhe is very unhappy.' ' And you would be happy if yout Ma were happy ?' ' Of course I would. I like Ma to be happy.' ' And yoar father — your own father ?'.'? 'I shall always like ray fuher all the same,' the child replied, with a defiant shake of her gleamiDg curls, ' but I should like him to be better than he is. I should so like not to have to be ashamed of him.' He stared at her for a heart-beat's space, and xpushed her slowly aside. ' Thank you, my darling,' he whispered hoarsely. ' Thank you, my darling.' The next moment he gripped her hand, and drew her towards him with impas sioned fervour, and kissed the astonished child's face. ' Try to love your father,' he stam mered. 'Perhaps he is better than you think. Perhaps some day you won't need to feel ashamed of him.' Little May had stepped back in amaze ment. The old gentleman looked so strange and acted so curiously. He was half crazy, she thought. Why, he had asked her as if ho were fond of her. Ma kissed her like that sometimes, and Only Ma. She was moid astonished when she saw the old gentleman rise slowly, and with ricketty, half-staggering step walk towards the gate without speaking another word. That sweet one loved him. In spite of all his wickedness, ia spite of all the hard things they had said to her about him, al though she had never known him, and had . never been able fco call him father, there lay in that little innocent heart the bud ding blossom of childish love which nothing had been able to crush — which had kept a tiny unsullied corner green to his memory, and he had never until that moment known, much less felt, what love really meant. And soon they would tell her more about him. They would explain to 'her as she grew to ripening girlhood that he was unworthy of her. All the sickening details of his carepr of deceit and 8hamele8sness would be laid bare to her, and they would trample out the sparks of childish reverence which still warmed his darling's heart towards him. He gnashed his teeth and clenched his hands at the thought of it. His wife ! Let her go where she would and as she would, for all he cared. Let her marry a dczan Shef forda if she chose. Ha would never ruffle his thoughts about her except for the at-, tempt, haplessly frustrated, to make her buy her freedom with some of those rust ling dollar- bills of which the Virginian held such a rustling sheaf. Bat his May ! His child ! What right had they to rob him of her, to forbid him to call her his daughter, to forbid him to call her father 1 It was dastardly, it was cruel, it was shame less. As he stood at tho gata which led into the street and looked with feverish gaze back towards the spot where he had left his child and his glorious happiness of a moment, Shefford and Mrs. Picard passed by him so closely that with difficulty only he avoided actual contact. A goodtem pered smile played on the big Virginian's face, and he looked for all the world as if he bore the littla man no grudge whatever. The lady went by with a' haughty disdain, not honoring her husband even by a glance. Da St. Clair watched the pair as they ?w Iked towards the placo where littla May waa playing, and he saw tho child romp to ards hex mother, and, having kissed her. whisper a few words and point towards him. He saw his wife turn her handaouio face, and the Virginian also looked in the samo direction. Then Mrs. Picard stooped over her little girl and kissed her, and tke old rogue felt sick at heart, and faint and weary. His eyesight was failing him and he staggered towards the other eide of the street, without knowing whither he was going. Anywhere, anywhere — only away from those people who were wrongirg him so outrageously. Tboy wire rich and would give him none of their gold ; they had his child, and denied him the light of paternity. Bat this is paternal love, the dear latter day philosopher will again insist. Nothing of the kind. Please remember tho collier and his bull-pup. What would that collier have said, what would ho have done, had anybody tried to take that pup from him ? And if anybody had been strong enough in authority to deprive him of his canine treasure, would that collier not have deeply felt his loss? Of course he would. Ho ' ' would have mourned the loss tf that dog much more than the death of his wife, tor instance. Ditta Monsieur de St. C'air. Writo de St. Clair for collier and May for bull-pup, and the simile is complete. Tho old ruffian's love— if so it can te called — for his child waa merely a sensation of the enjoyment and pride of property, and he grievously felt the deprivation which wa3 being inflicted upon him. Little May had been the staka he bad risked upon the cast of the die, and ha had * lost the throw. OHAPIEE Vlir. -: ? ? THE LOSER PAYS. At the Cerole da TAllianca the waiters were still flitting about the rooms, shirt sleeved and aproned, when do S\ C;nir entered the diningroom. Ho looked about the place with a half vacant leer, and hav ing ordered some brandy had the liquor brought to him to a Beat on the balcony, and hastily swallowed three or four glasses of the spirit. Although money was not to be borrowed by him by hook or by ciook at the fashionable gambling hell, his credit for food and drink was as he thought intact. He sat there in tho glow of tho morning sun with eyes astare and mouth agape, and black thoughts fashioned themselves about him.. He was tired of tho continual struggle, of the terrible race uphill for life. ' ~ For years he had been fighting the world, and he had never possessed anything that was really worth having, that had mado life enjoyable to him. To-day bad rjever been untinged by tho anticipatory terrors o£ the coming morrow. What was the good of it all ? He was continually playing baccarat against a bank that held a previ ously arranged pack of cards. He drank glass after glass, greedily. On the boulevard below there was boisterous, humming life. Ha could see on tha eato terraces, rows of faces that looked like possible victims ; strangors, all of them. A week ago ha would have carefully scrntinised each of them.' In his mind he would have jotted down every item of peculiarity which might have been advan tageous to him in hia career of thi&ving.; At that moment they interested him not. Even the dainty nod of tha head of a gaily dressed young lady who passed on tho bonlovard below and smiled up at him elicited but a bare token of recognition. What were all the women in the world to him now ! And as ha came to think of it, damn all the women fn the world. They were the cause of all the evil in i', and always had been from the days of Adam. Was not his own wife the cause and prime instigator of hia present misery ? A friend who tapped him On the shoulder with a cheery ' good morning,' and hold out hia hand. They were birds of a feather, the pair, only the other rogue was younger, smarter, sharper, quicker on his !eg3 and with bis eyes, and in tho result more successful than de St. Ciair. They have been in the habit of talking over their rascally exploits a3 if they had boon so many victories, and de S'. C!air had always hated the more youthful and cleverer black leg for his greater success. The old ruffian looked up with a dreary, wry smile. 11 Good morning Mursac,' he said, with a faint nod of tho head. Tho other seated -himself by him. ' 'What's tho matter, old man?' ho asked. ' You seem out of sorts.' 11 Ob, it's nothing. I shall be all right, I'm not very woll this morning. 11 Oat of luck ?' ' Yes.' ' I'm sorry. But then, you kuow, I've often told yon, you never go to wprjc the right war. You're always fiddling about for hand r-d franc notes. Why ||on't you go in for a decant coup, as I do?' Ho looked aVoud to make sure that ha was not overhearJ. u I made twenty thousand \- fratee the night before last, ia loss than two hour?. A littlo priv;ito gima of ecarte, my fritind, with two Englishmen. Bigre ! yon shcuM have seen how drunk they were. And the mcra bnndy they bad in them the better they thought they \vere ablo to pliv. My dear de Si. C!air, I made kiog8 by thedczm — I manufactured th- m ? — I pulled thorn out of all parts of the pack. They were aa blind as mo'ei. Bat they paid, right on the spot, in those crisp, Eng'ish bank-notes,, that look so plain, and 1 are worth so much.' The little man Lokod up with a doubtful gleam shining in his canning eyes. 'If you are so rich,' ho Baid quietly, 'you can lend ni9 five hundred francs.' ^ Five hundred franca!' exclaimed the olb.9r. ' Well, of course— yes — that is — I haven't the money about me — and —and I bal to pay away such a lot. And, really, yon know — you never do p\y a fallow. back again.' ' Will you lend me five hundred fraucs V asked de Sb. Ciair d jg^odly. 'I(nn'fc at this moment, really,' re plied the other, rising suddenly, 'and there's a man down there I waut to see particularly. You'll be here to-nigh*, of course ?'' De St. Clair gripped Marsac'3 coat Blseve and detained him. 14 Will you lend me the five huadred francs or won't you ? Say, which ia it?' 'I'll -think it over,' answered the younger rascal. 'I can't answer now. I'm in a hurry, really, in a great hurry.' Tho little man sat back in lm chair and Ecowlod, while the other rushed out as if on ' - sternly important business intent. ' That'a a man who calls himself my friend,' do S$. Clair said to himself. ' The/re all like that. They'd all see me starve and rot What's tho good of friendship? What's the good of any thing ?' - Tbe little flagon of brandy was empty, and de Sv. 0 air called for another. The waiter brought it, and having placed it on the plateau remained standing there. 'What do. you want, Etienne ?' de St Olair asked, fiintly. 'I hardly liko to say, monsieur,' re joined the man, stroking his cloan-shaven chin vi'h a plump hand, ' but the cashier — the diniog-room cashier ? ' ' What about him ?'' questioned de St. Clair. ' You see, mousieur — it la very awkward — I am very sorry — bat monsieur has had 27 dinners, and tho other things amount to 112 franca, and the cashier;- ? ' ' Well ? Tha cvshier warits mo 'to pay, is that it?'1, growled do Sc. Clair, fiercely. 11 Why don't yon say eo ?'' '♦ The cashier would be obliged if mon eieur were to piy,' the waiter answered, dilh'lenily. ''Tho fact is, I'on^ht to havu ajkod monsieur bef jre bringing the brandy.' ' Tiien I suppose,' the little man wet. t on hotly, ' you're not to let me havo assy m.ira before I pay ?'.' '-?,??? .',??..-: '?Ob, no, monsieur, I bavo noc sail thaf,' tha man replied, rubbhig bii cMn a little mote nervously than before. ' But if monsieur were to a k the cashier to allow me to servo Mm I think it would b* all right. I think monsieur has only to Bay when he will p'ty.' ' Ob, leave mo alone ! ' tha old rogue ciel, with a wearied annoyauca. ' Th»y won't trust mo even for a drink now, in this hell whero they've had thousands of frano3 of mine ! Go a.vay. l'Jl apeak to tha cashier.' Bi tome as was Mining upon hi-n that morning. Tun last straw was pui-hsps the hoavicst of all. Ho h*d nlwnys looked upon his club uj Lho la-jt refu^o to guard him from starvation, and even th :ro ho had reached the enJ. of his tether. Ho hastily swallowed tin brandy ia tho Hfcr.le* bottle, and, clapping on hia hat, stnlkod out of the pine*. '**'' ' Fi'om the boulnyarl t) hu abode was but \- B-p or two, He reached his little room with weak and staggering gait, and sat him- - self down on his bed, swinging his lean 1 leg* to and fro in daylight musing. 1 The worthy captain had heard hii neigh bour come iu, and his bluff, moustachioed ( countenance gleamed like a ruddy m -on at i the door. I ' You havo been out early and have I coon back early, mon vienx,'he exclaimed cheerily, ?' and, Norn d'une pipe, you do 1 1 -ok ill. You will drink that beastly wine. You're dying, my friend, absolutely dying, i I've no patience with you. Why don't you drink brandy ?' , ' Brandy !' retorted the little man, with 1 a feeble gruftoess, ' hava you got any brandy ?' 1 ' Of course I have,' replied, the other 1 heartily, ' and if you want to take a glass I or two it will warm you. Why you are 1 as grey as an unwashed sheet. You're ' trembling. No liver, no lungs, no stomach. You people nowadays make me sick.' I 'Have you got any brandy?'' de St. ! Clair repeated with a hoarse emphasis. 1 'Certainly,' the captain answered, i ' And you shall have it too. Only you're taking to it late in the day, my friend. Bah ! I hate men coming; to the doctor with one foot in the grave.' With that he darted hastily out of the room, and returned holding up in triumph : a bottle of cognac. ' Here's your medicine,' he cried. ' Take a good gulp of that, or three or fonr gulps. ' You won'c need to rouge yourself then, and ' smear those dirty paints all over your face. : Ob, my smoke annoys you,' he added, as 1 de St. C'air coughed in dry dia'ress. '? All right, I'm going. Can't stand a pipe ! No lungs ! B*h I I'll come back in the even iDg, and give you a look in, if you're etill hero.' ' He's tho only decant man I know,' muttered de St. Clair whon the other had left tho room, ' though he does opeak his mind with annoying rudeaess.' His hat was still on his head, and he rocked himself to and fro with his hands in his pockets, staring at the chest of drawers iu front of him. A ray of golden eunlight fell upon the bottle, and twinkled on the top, and gleamed along its contour. It attracted tho little man's g-Z3, and fastened itself upon him with a snaky, uncanny sheen, now growing in^o a great bright halo, and then diminishing to a speck of fire. Curious fantastic forms shaped themsalves about it, and whirred ani buzzad pnst hitc, and he shook hitpsolf with a weary impatience. ??I 8uppisa I am getting drunk,' he 3:ud to hioiBelf, ' and why shouldn't I ? 1 wish I were so drunk that I'd never, never aoe this filthy world agaio.' Ha dirtod wiih a riuketty hand towarJe the bottle, gcippod it, pulled out tha cork, and with shaking Sugars placad tho glass to his lips. Tho fierce liquid c mraed hotiy through him, sod made him emgh violautly. Ha sbook himself lika a wot dog in a chok ing ill- temper, and madly flung the bottle into a corner, allowing tho liquor to ran over the ragged piecs of oarpat. 'Never, never, nevor sjo this filthy world a£ain.' That was an iJon a3 goo^ H3 any ho had had lately. H ) wai sick of1 it — tired. Wh\fc had ho ti live for ? A thonght of Ma^, of bis Hula pink frocknd, darling fUshed up -n him. He thought he ooald sooher dreamy eyes look ing into his ow;-, and her sof-, tiny fin^rs pittiug his laau and washed hand. Th?re w.i8 comfor'.iag warmth ia iha mind's pic ture. An 1 they wtro goi^.g to rub hita uf hor. Hd was to walk through the world knowing that fair s-raph to bo hia chill, and not to be allowed, to ca'l hor his own. Ha gnashed his te-.th,and hi^ fiogors in s inctively tightoued ia a nervous frenzy. H'i rashed t owatds the bottle, and oager'y drank whit remaiuod iu i', emptying tho last drop. II fj returned to hi-? bed, and seated himself th?.r--f hat on he.idand hands in pockots as ho had previ.ius'y done. A drull sensation cropt over him — ^ feel ing that ill wan very Btupid and vary childish ' to bother himself nhmili these tilings, and that it was a very silly world to live in, afcer all, a mean, oontemptible woilJ, not fit for auoh a man as he, A ghastly merriment rose and bubbled within aim, and his eyes commenced to sparkle ffith a half-imbecile lustre. ' What an as3 I am,' he said to himself Irily, ' to put up with it all. What a Pool ! They'll charge me with forgery, wili. ihey ? They'll have ma arrested, will they?' On a sudden, a ludicrous, half-mad Duriosity seized upon him. ' I wonder what it feels like being dead,' he said to himself. ' It can't be so very bad, after all, and it may be a great deal better than this. I think I'll have a try and see.' On the chest of drawers opposite him stood a small medicine case. He raised himself and tried to reach it, but it seemed to wobble and to jump, and it v/ould nol stand still, though he strenuously endea vored to put his hand upon it. ' How stupid all this is,' he said to almself. 'Even that wretched box won't Let me catch It. ' Nona de nom, will yon 3'aad still ?' He gave a desperate lurch, aud gripped the case firmly. It contained some half -dozen vials, and the old rascal, taking one of these between his wildly fumbling fingers, allowed the rest to drop on the Boor. 'Ha, ha, ha I' he laughed to himself in insane glee, ' how funny all this. I do really wonder what it feels liko, being dead.' The little blue vial was at his lips, and he drank its contents at a pulp ! His limbs quivered and stiffened with a light ning rapidity, and he swayed for a moment, and then fell with a crash on the floor. ' What a beastly smell,' exclaimed the Captain, as he opened the door of de -St. Clair's room at about eight o'clock oh the evening of the same day. ' He can't have been eating rotten fruit. Why, hero he is ! . Get up ! Are you drunk ?'' He shook the staik figure, and turned tho cold, grey face to the ligbt. 'He is dead !' he cried. 'Dead! I knew he hadn't a week to live. All the brandy in the world couldn't have saved him.' [the end.] You can't tell how valuable a girl's affec tions are until you are sued for blighting a set of them. 