DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Bishop returned from Sydney and BathurBt on 3?xiday week, and preached in St. AlipiusVon last Sunday on the Gospel of the day, and in the course of his sermon dwelt upon the wonderful effects of the coming of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles and into the souls of men. TTI'H Lordship annouuoed that a mission would be opened in that iclrarch on Pentecost Sunday, 6th June, by the Vincentian Fathers. Oh* the following Thursday the beautiful devotion of the Quarunt Ore, or Forty Pours' Adoration, will commence. The mission will close on Sunday, the 13 th June, at the 11 o'clock Mass. The Biiihop ei^re^sed ttie hopB thai all the jpeo^lfe bf liie ^ariBh fronMftvau selves of the many blessings and graces of the mission. The Sisters of Nazareth are doing a great work in our midst in a quiet and unostentatious manner. They have to provide food and clothing for 140 orphans, besides sixty old and infirm men and women, and, in addition, to educate and provide the children with books. The number of their charges is daily increasing, but their inoome is not doing so in proportion. As the sisters receive no aid whatever from the Government, their home being entirely dependent on voluntary contributions for its support, it is to be hoped that those whom Providence has blessed with an abundance of this world's goods will not forget the orphan and the aged poor who find a efuge in this noble institution. The weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society was held on last uesday evening. Mr. T. Cody (president) ccupied the chair, and there was a fair ttendance, in spite of the inclement eather. Qdb new member was elected and three nominations For membership ere received. The special business of he evening was the adjudication on the ssays sent in—" The Benefits to be Deived from Membership of a Catholic oung Men's Society," for which there ere five competitors. The trophy preented by the society was awarded by the Rev. Fr. Guilfoyle (who acted as udgp) to Mr. James Lynch, Mr. T. Kane obtaining second place. A criticism of the vario^SssaJfS'iv.JMiessrs. J. Meehan, T. Carpy, R]^p^Siii^^d|iI^Nanscowen folowed/ A^4oteoflhiftElka, : t(b Fr.Guilfoyle brougbt-tbe i^^ftipg to'a'pIbaB. 