Short Story. The Haunted Hut: Founded on Fact By CHRIS. DAHL. (Written for the ' Evening Observer.') Will Warlelgih and myself tod been out shooting nil the afternoon, ajid when tlie evening shadows began to liide the scenery from our eyes, and the blr.!n liad ceased willing, we gathered to gether eome wood and lit a fire. From a waterltoSe near by we filled tilie ' billy,' and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire and eat down for a rest and to en joy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was eoou boiled, and I made some tea. while Will got ready some bread and potted meat and jam that we had brought with us. After tea I made up the tin1, piling a few big sticks on— for there was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had camped— and then wo stretdied our selves out comfortably. We had been reclining at ease for ten minutes, per iuaps, and had not spoken. It was too monotonous, I thought, for neither of us hud complained of weariness, so turn ing- lo Will I said : ' Will, old man, toll me a yarn. Some thing about your old bush days, if you tail.' , ' Well,' he replied, slowly turning to wards me, ' I feel almost too lazy lo talk, and, I could l-ask in front of this lire all might without moving, like a oat. Bui 1 will try and spin you a yarn of my droviug days if it will interest you.' ' Fire ahead.' I answered. ' That's , just the sort of a yarn Id interest me.' He cleared liis nhi-oat, pushed a piece of wood further into the lire with his fool, and then begau : ' It's about ten years ago now. and I remember it as well as if it was only yesterday. 1 was droving a. small mob of cattle, and my mate not being quite ready when I started 1 decided to go without him, leaving him to catch up to me on the morrow. It was a c-lomiy sky all day, and when towards night time at commenced to rain I was not at all surprised. I put on my oilskin when it first started to come down, but St was miserable riding iu tlie rain. How ever, we drovers are accustomed to take things pretty philosophically, ami with my pipe turned upside down I rude be hind the cattle, patiently waiting till 1 reached the camping ground for the night— some three miles furLher on. My way there, however, just cut through the cui- ser of a run, and ahead of me 1 -5avv .through the intsty i-ain a hut looming into view, with a good yard at tached. Here was a fine place, 1 thought, lo stop till the morning. The plate seemed gloomy enough as I rode up. and I shuddered a little as I thought of the story associated with it.' '' What was it ?' I asked, interrupting him. 'Oh. some bushman had murdered bis male there, and it was said that the ghost of the murdered m.tn walked the house. I Oi-ad often heard the place called the ? Haunted Hut.' and no one would dare to stop there. I was cold and hungry, however, aud not given lo belief of supottrtitions. mo I yarded my cattle and made myself snug inside the hut. It was twilight, and I knew the light wouldn't last more than a quarter of an hour, .so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp aud wet, and after a great deal of trouble got a tire burning as it grew dark. I soon made some tea, and had a feed, and then I lit my pipe and lay on/the floor iu front of the dying tire, my bead aud shoulders resting against my saddle. I felt too lazy to go out for more wood just then, and resolved to leave it till the morning. But on second thoughts I called myself a lazy blockhead, be cause if I left it till the morning I would most likely get no tire at all. for the wood would be too wet. So I heaved a sigh, got up and went outside, and pre sently came back with a big armful uf wet wood. This I threw down beside the fireplace— such as it was— and then, putting some more on the lire, which was nearly burnt out, 1 onn- more re clined lazily on the floor. *' I suppose I must nave dozed off over ? my pipe, for the next tiling I knew was that I had awakened from my sleep, and that the tire was gone out save for a few red embers that glowed fitfully among the ashes. I could hear the rain outside still pouring down, and Chat In dolent feeling that we all sometimes ex perience came over uie as I -lay v.-'tli my head resting against the saddle. I closed my eyes again. ' When I next opened them, a minute or two after, I became conscious of two fiery eyes glaring at me from the side of the fireplace. It was very dark inside, and 1 confess that I felt scared. They seemed so uncanny ; and a mourn ful cry, caused by the wind 'blowing fiercely through the roof where a shingle or two had come off, made me feel cold and clammy all over. ' Presently, as I watched the two eyes, and thought all the while of the murdered man, they disappeared, but only to reappear again a moment or two afterwards. 1 felt fascinated, and could not take my eyes off those shining orbs. Then they moved again, and I saw something white close to the eyes. I felt I must move, or cry out, or do something. Slowly and with quaking limbs I arose, hesitated for s inimile, and then advanced towards the eyes. 'When I was a little closer, and after I had stood up, I noticed that the eyes seemed quite near the floor. Mechani cally my mind begun to conjecture how the ghost's eyes could be there unless he was laying on the floor In an un natural pimltiou, when a |i-lh--i:s ' Mi a-o-w-ow' greeted me. ' My fright disappeared like magic, and I burst into a laugh. ' Puss, puss, puss,1 I cried. ? Come on, pussy.1 and I ?bent down and held out my hand. A big white cat came towards me, mow Ing as it walked, aud the next moment I was stroking its soft fur. ' Well,' I thought to -myself as I re plenished the fire with a bit of paper and s«c wood about five minutes af terwards, ' well, the ghost Is laid now. I was a fool to be had like that.' But, you know,' he added, looking me in the eyes, ' the bravest' of men fee) afraid sometimes when they are alone, though they may be brave enough wheu they have company, even though their com pany be cowardly. ' Next morning, after I had had 'break fast, a man rode up as I was Just going to get my cattle on the way again, and said : ' Hallo I are you droving for Mr. Kennedy ?' ' Yes,' I answered. ' Where did you camp last night V he asked. 'In here.' 1 answered, pointing to the hut. j 1 'What?1 he said Incredulously, 'not. in there, did you '! Don't you know that the place is haunted V Surely you know the story attached to the place. Why, I can't get a man to sleep in there for love or money. You know I am Mr. K ? , and this is part of my station.' ' Oh,1- 1 answered lightly, ' I think I have laid that ghost. 1 knew all about the place, but 1 didn't care, for I don't believe in the silly Idea of ghosts. Come in here, Mr. K ? , and I'll show you the ghost.1 He stared at iuc for a minute, but when I hitched my horse up aud went to the door he dismounted and followed. I took him inside, and showed him the old white cat. who wa.s busily engaged feeding ou a bit of salt junk 1 had left for it. He had a good laugh when he saw the ' ghost,' you may be sure. Before I rode away he gave me a sovereign for laying the ghost, and paid me the compliment of saying that he reckoned 1 was a plucky man. If he hud seou me when I first saw the eyes, though, lie might have thought differently.1' He concluded his remarks by adding. ' I'm going to have a smoke now,' aud as he began to cut his tobacco I thanked him for the story, put some more wood on the fire, and then sitting down relit my pipe, which had gone out In the interesting portion of the story where the 'shining eyes' were pi'tHlomlnant. 