IN DEAD OF NIGHT, By the Popular AotkoreBS, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Hock $■ Go„Ltd. [Ail, EIGHTS BBSEETM.] CHAPTER VI; THE CJlTSPAWV That first night in the hanniedchaniber was not eo romantic in its inmdents as. the second one, and jet it was far frombeing commonplace. The occupants fouind it impossible to feel at home~in suchBur ... roundings. They fidgetted- ithrongh the long Six hours, listening, watching, talk ing, dozing in brieEenatcbea, waking on the threshold of dreamslo cry," Phew, .howhotit isI" and disturb each other by ashing whether he or she was asleep or hot. And .the mice were di tracting Bat for the testimony of universal experi ence, it would have been hard tobelieve they were mice, rushing and raging over ' the fioor, and scratching and squealing be hind 'the wainscot in that, rampageous , mahner. .The present auditors bad no donbt about it—blessed them in choice language without feelingahy necessity to 4tfeht-vthe candle. Perhaps it was the falmiliar doinestic associations of the noise whichlulledtheminto their first sleep, when their ears had bebome accustomed to the noiseitself. ' At: any rate, they slept. It seemed to themselves that they had been oC guard . -fcr ibout tore] minutea. when first Nettie, and then: her husband, awoke to a sensa tion of Something having happened during' their absence. There was a subdued creak ing; as when one tries to open. a door or window without being heard—a little crack ing noise, then silence, then another crack. w "There's someone: in the room,**: . whispered Nettie, her dry tongue cleaving to the idbf of her month. "Hdsh-sh-sh!*,breathedWingateinher ear,-and hedrew himself up eoftly into a ! "mSdngposture. The moon was obscured j atthis moment, and from their bed by j ' the {fireplace, nearer to the door than the window, they could see nothing distinctly. Again they heard the oreaking noise—a noise that certainly had not disturbed .them before theywent to sleep—and Win :gate cautiously felt for the matches. He "was not .alarmed, hut he-trembled with Tthe effort he made not to betray himself -;by any untimely movement. He managed ; to secure the match-box; without rattling 'if against the. candlestick, and to open and close it without »tinkle; then he sat up inhed with a match in his hand, ready to strike the instant he heard the sound again. .--After long suspense' it was re peated, and, with his straining eyes'fixed upon the door whence he believed it to come, he dashed the match upon the box, expecting to reveal the form of Geraldine Desailly or an accomplice in the act' of creeping into the robin. But he dashed with too much vigour; the match-head t^nspped -without exploding, and fell off '"upon the'sheet. He did not swear, as he frit inclined to do, but listened for a moment eagerly. - Again there , was the Creaking sound, not so loud this lime, but' continued for several seconds instead'of for one.' Bib seized another match, struck ' iteuocessfully, and held the little flame high, rising oh one knee as he -did eo, and :he saw that the door was riosed and the room unchanged.--He then lit. the candle and -got out of bed to explore -more thoroughly, Nettie following close behind ' him'; "but the strictest; search discovered nothing. ' The hit of paper was still over the bntside keyhole, untouched 3 the pas _nage doora were shut and fastened; the passage .and the little staircase were empty mS:dtent; the haunted-room revealed -no _ .sigu of any human presence, save their ' own. " _ " It must have been the mice,** said Wingate, as he locked their own- door afresh; and he bade his wife go back to bed. " It 'was not a bit like mice," she.objected timidly. "Well, there'e nobody about, at any sate." Se they returned to their pillows, and, listening for a long time, heard no more noises except such as mice ordinarily make in their nibblinge at dry woodwork and their scamperings to and fro. . Bain began to patter down again, and to tinkle open the window. ~ f'Berhaps it was the rain," said Win gate. •" Perhaps," suggestedNettie, hopefully, " it was the furniture creaking after being moved and pulled about. 1 had a wicker chair in my bedroom once tbat nBed to make noises the whole night if 2 had been sitting in it before I went to bed." " Ob, very likely. I daresay tbat was it." Wingate turned overto go to sleep. His wife, less BatiBfied, lay awake for some time longer, and then she, too. dozed again; bht ahe had troubled dreams of ghosts and burglars that startled her into . sudden recognition of the white moonlight and black shadows of the haunted room at very short intervals. On one of theBe occasions she crept up to Billy, and whis pered'bis name into" his ear. He was slumbering lightly, bat in a moment checked his audible breathing and brought all his senses to attention. There was a noise in the air again, but not the same noise as before. It was a sort of pulsation, half a sigh and half a snore, rising and falling gently and evenly, like the heavy breathing of some sleeping animal, and it seemedjto come Horn under the door. "If'we were in the bush," said Wingate, " I should say it was an opossum. It is exactly -like the noise they make in the trees it night, juBt outside your window. " ltmust be a dog," said Nettie. " Tea. Or ■" he was trying to think ofanBnglish equivalent for an opossum, " or a squirrel out of the woods." ■ They were both sure that it was not man, woman, or ghoBt; so Wingate picked up -one of his boots and flung it noisily across the floor, crying," Shoo"!" loudly as he did so.'; Instantly , the noise stopped, there was 'tho-sound of a stealthy, creeping move .ment;and all was still. " A squirrel," said Wingate again. "An old place like this, deserted for so long, and BtahOitig~lB thB ™tniadie' of these lonely woods, must be alive with creatures mak ing a shelter of it. No wonder there are noises." ' Then they went to sleep for the last time," and awoke in daylight, safe and sound, satisfied with the issue of their ad venture. Nettie dressed provisionally, put a tin kettle to boil on a spirit stove, and made tea, first for her husband and herself, and then for the two men who had spent the night on the hard boards of the summer house, and whom Wingate went in search of as soon as he had hurried on his clothes. ■ " Well, you fellows," hesaidairily, "now that you have the light of day to reassure you, perhapB you'll come into the house for a little refreshment. Mrs Wingate is brewing you a cup of tea; she thinks you'll be wanting something after all you have gone through. We have been as comfortable and snug as possible." " Slept well, sir ?" inquired Abel Bowe, as be and his companion walked stiffly to wards the house, having returned respect ful greetings and tendered thanks for the lady's kindness. " Never better," replied Wingate. " Ton didn't keep awake to watch ?" "Of course I did. When I say I slept web, I mean that everything was quiet* The mice made a bit of a rumpus, that's alL" ■ . " And your lady wasn't frightened, sir ?" " Not a bit. She isn't one of that sort. Besides, there was nothing to frighten anybody." Then he fetched Mb wife downstairs, taking the precaution to lock their chamber door behind them, because she was leaving silver toilet things and other valuables about; and she looked very fresh and charming to the tired men as she stepped into the hall, carrying her tea-basket in her arms. They sainted her with a shame faced sense of her moral superiority over themselves. " I should like," said Wingate emptying the remaining contents of his spirit flask into the men's teacups, " to thoroughly satisfy your minds as well as my own, to prove to everybody that the house is free of ghosts, at any rate. It is just possible that I may rent the place from Sir Walter for a time, and_I am well aware that we shall have trouble with servants, and so on, if any nonsense of that sort got about. I suppose you won't object to sleeping with us here to-night, now that a lady has net been afraid to do it, with only one arm to defend her?" The men pocketed the insult implied, and professed themselves ready to spend nights or days wherever duty called them. If the gentleman and Mr Blackett thought it better to guard the house, from the in side than from the outside, well and good. They were ther* to obey orders. " Then I'll see Mr Blackett in the course of the day, and let you know the arrange ments later. Ton can leave the keys with me; I will lock up safely." Theyleft him the Jreye and departed to their homes and breakfasts. Then Win gate and Nettie enjoyed Some hours of perfect independence and delight; feeding and watering.their horses, roaming abont the .neglected grounds, where they found fresh : footprints—unmistakable woman's footprints—amongst the marks of men's boots in the moiet earth, pointing as un mistakably to the reotor'e sleep-walker; wandering over the extraordinary house, and rummaging its .many nooks and corners, its cupboards' and cabinets, its wonderful relics 'of the romantic past; until they felt so hungry that they deter mined not to waste time going home to luncheon, bnt to make shift with the scraps of the provision basket. They camped again in the great hall, sitting on their carriage cushions and spreading a clean "towel before t-hem on the stone floor/ It reminded them, they said, of many' a picnic in the beloved bash at home,though it wotdd have been herd to imagine a greater contrast. They lifted Jaggy napkins ' and spread them open, disclosing curly-cornered sandwiches, crumpled pasties, dry hunks of bread and cheese, with fragments of other dainties similarly the worse for wear. Only that Billy enjoyed the continual feast of a con tented mind, Nettie wpnld have expected remarks on her housekeeping; bnt he was satisfied to eat whatever she gave him, and only grumbled -because theie was not enough to drink " l will make some tea,"' she said. " T-YC got-a screw left." Bathe said he wanted something better than tea, and retrospectively -begrudged the whisky he had wasted over-night. So she remembered that ebe had a medicinal flask in her' dressing-bag upstairs, and offered to go and fetch it. "I'll go," cried Wingate, springing to his feet. " Ton couldn't unlock the door with those hits of hands." And he tramped towards the staircase at the end of the hall, and pounded up the shallow oak steps to the gallery above and the western passage leading out of it, singing as he j went, filling the honse with hollow noises. When he returned, he was holding a silver mounted bottle between his eye and the ] light,-laughing discontentedly. . "Well, you're a nice sort of young j person!" he exclaimed. \- . " Am I ?' she replied. " And why ?" "Tipplingon the quiet in this way, and all the time pretending to your husband that the smell of spirita makes you sick." • "So it does. What are you talking about ?" " This flask's empty." " It isn't. Its brimful. . I haven't I touched it since yon filled it for me in j London." Wingate solemnly turned it upside-down [ before her t-yes. One drop only splashed | upon the pavement. " Then some one has been at it.". "Since when?", | " I don't know." I have never taken it out of its pocket since we left town." " The stopper was hardly screwed on at | all." "Oh dear! I hope it hasn't been leaking into the hag." "No, I looked to see. The bag is all right. Bnt don't you keep it locked when you're going about in strange places? Tou ought. All those fittings are solid, you know." "I will in future," said Nettie. " But ifs a nuisance. I do hate not to be able to trust people " "So do I," said Wingate. And they silently suspected a number of honest persons, while Nettie strove to pacify the disappointed one with a cnp of tea. It did not pacify him, so they pat the horses to the. buggy and returned to the Desailly Arms, where he drank a whole bottle of beer and was himself again. Then Nettie, bathed and brushed, with stays off and an empire tea-gown on, spent a pleasant afternoon with a novel. Win gate, meanwhile, went to see Mr Blachett, Mr Martin, the housekeeper at the Bower House, and his late colleague the constable, to arrange the programme for the night. Time was required for "the 'doing of so much business, and Mrs Venn was ready to dish up dinner when he returned with his report. " Ifs aU right;" he said. " Walter is hurrying home, bnt he can't get here till late to-night; INdon't suppose we shall see him till the morning. He has telegraphed to Blackest that I am to have a free hand. Dear old fellow! I am thankful he knows it wasn't me, at last. It will be strange to see him after twenty years, and to see him under these strange circumstances. He is leaving the boy behind—I'm glad of that; it would have been difficult to talk of his mother before him, and he might have hampered ns in our dealings with Mrs George, whom he seems, like the rector, to regard as a persecuted angel, more or leBs. By the way, I've done a good-stroke in getting him to join our watch to-night. He's awfully interested in the business, and burning to help—feels, of coarse, that if s a parish matter in which he is primarily concerned. Bat I told him to be sore and not breathe a word to the lady. I said the mere suggestion of burglars and ghosts, of anything being the matter, would be most injurious to her in her nervons state. She's not Bleeping any better, he says, bnt still refuses to see a doctor or to have any one in her room. His being away to-night will give her scope for enterprise; we shall be able to find her out now, if we are very careful. I don't mean to let anybody watch in the garden, to scare her off; I'll give her a chance to do whatever she wants to " Blow as up with dynamite ? " cried Nettie. "Oh, it isn't dynamite," he rejoined confidentially. "There'd be no sense in that. It's something that doesn't want to make a noise to attract pnblic attention And " — with an exultant look—" old Walter will be here to-night." An unusually hearty dinner and an im peratively necessary cigar took another hour from the daylight, and by the time Mrs Venn had replenished the picnic basket, and been mercifully made ac quainted with a part of the truth as to the business connected with it, Wingaie found himself late for his appointment with the rector at The Chase. Bat the horses were fresh and fast, and the way was short to night. A groom was in attendance to drive them back to the comfortable inn ; stables, for it was not supposed to be any longer necessary to keep the means of escape at hand; and hnsband and wife yawned luxuriously in anticipation of the quiet night they were going to have. Their nerves were entirely unaffected by its shadowy approach. It was delightful to hear the owl hoot, and the stag, with his fighting antlers ready, challenge his rival across a glimmering pool. The mystery Of the thick woods to right and left had no terrors in it; and the old house, when again it loomed above them, was even as the Melbourne Town Hall to their placid imaginations. They found Mr Martin kicking his heels in the porch, and took him in and enter tained him, as if the place belonged to them; made him smoke and drink, and eat delicacies provided on purpose for him out of the basket, and join in pleasant talk and the telling of adventurous tales; and Wingate fed Abel and the constable with equal hospitality, after the manner of Australian hosts. Then, in good heart and condition, they mounted the grand staircase in a body and dispersed them selves to their respective posts. The rector was put into what used to be Walter's dressing-room, the two men had shake downs on the passage floor, just outside the door of the large chamber that had been Lexis's, whiqh Wingate and Nettie had apropriated. And now this pair felt that the time had come to relax and recruit themselves after their exhausting day. Wingate Bank into an arm-chair, in slippers and shirt-sleeves, and lit his pipe. Nettie squatted on the I bed, and brushed her hair, and yawned contentedly. And they amused themselves with plans for renting The Chase—which now seemed altogether desirable — and discussed furniture and domestic arrange ments, and how they would have a real English Christmas in the great hall, and invite all available Australians of their acquaintance to come to it. " Oh, I am so tired!" sighed Nettie at last. " So am T," said Wingate, getting np to stretch himself. " It's the reaction after so mnch excitement. Well, we can sleep in peace to-night." She tumbled into bed, and the heavy lids dropped over her sleepy eyes. He for the last time stepped to the now unlocked door, and, opening it for an inch or two, asked if they were "all right out there ?" " All right," the three men responded promptly. " Good-night, then. Call me if any thing is the matter, but don't make more noise than you can help. Mrs Wingate is tired, and I don't want her to be dis turbed." They bade him good-night, and he ex tinguished the candles on the dressing table. Tn ten minutes he and his wife were slumbering like a pair of healthy infants. They could not have " gone off" more quickly aud soundly if they had taken opiates for the pnrpose. Nevertheless, Nettie awoke in an hour—. suddenly, with an unaccountable sense of shock. Before she was able to think about it, before Bhe opened her eyes indeed, she knew she was not being roused naturally, hut had been frightened awake by some power of which her physical senses were not as yet conscious. It was with -a heart shaking thrill that she remembered where she was—the tragical haunted room, and the pale moonbeams that only made it more so—and at the same moment realised that she had been compelled to remember it. While far away in dreamland, fancy free, something—something awful—had called her back; she had no doubt about it, even while she did not know what it was, hear lug and seeing nothing. Her hnsband calmly snored beside her, with his head rolled in the bedclothes; he had not felt the presence in the air and she was powerless to lift hand or voice to stir him. Opening her eyes—every other mnscle of the body being paralysed with fright— she looked into the darkness straight he fore her, as with an instinct for the quar ter whence revelation would come. There was nothing at the foot of the great bed stead, no footboard or rail, to obstruct her view, but the moonlight was not strong enough to show her the features of the room immediately. Gradually, however, the main outlines faintly, defined- them selves—the division of wall from ceiling andbf panel from panel—until she could see the shape of the recess in which the picture that faced her was embedded. While her fascinated gaze was riveted to this object, she saw a strange effect of broken lights, or rather of broken shadows, quivering on and off its surface, which still shone with old varnish ; the next in stant the picture was gone! Hot alto gether gone, but, as it were, cut in two— the fact being that it had been pushed np in a groove, as one poshes up the sash of a window, leaving the lower half of the space void. But not empty. Nettie knew now what it was that had chilled her blood even while she slept. Peering out from the black hole were a pair of eyes —there was a head belonging to them, bat the eyes were all she saw—shining fixedly, like those of a hungry wild beast watching the time to spring; and it was at her they glared, with more and more ferocious intentness as the power of the moon increased, while she lay like a terror-stricken rabbit iH the cage of a boa-constrictor, nnable to articulate even the little whisper that would have sufficed to arouse her mate. She knew the eyes belonged to a man and not to a ghost, and felt sure that she and Billy were going to be murdered like poor Lexie, as a penalty for meddling with that ghastly house, and that she would only precipitate the catas trophe if she spoke or moved. The eyes and hers confronted each other daring a dozen hammer-strokes of her bursting heart; thena hand became visible, cautiously extended; a head followed, craning to right and left; a naked foot stole out of the picture frame, and groped stealthily for the floor. When she saw that, Nettie concluded that the end had come. The spell that had paralysed her facilities seemed to snap and free her, and she uttered a ringing shriek which was an swered by an oath from the mysterious in truder, who had not seen that she was watching him. The sound had not died before Wingate was out of bed, the rector, Abel Howe, and the constable, stumbling to their feet, be wildered and quaking, all at sea for the moment as to what had occurred. Then the occupants of the haunted chamber heard bare feet slapping tha floor, the' crash of a ohair overturned,-the thump of a body against the door, the rattle of the handle; and Wingate bawled excitedly, " Book out there! Stop him 1 Stop him !" And then to the constable, who had the revolver, " Don't shoot! Don't shoot! He can't get out!" Even, as he spoke the door was hung open, and the fugitive was seen running down the passage, where a lighted stable lantern had been placed for the night. Two of the guard, in the condition known as flabbergasted, looked as if they had been knocked backwards and breathless by the flying figure, and were not yet certain if it were flesh and blood or ghoBt; but the expression of the rector's face as he darted out of his room was even more astonished and astonishing. All three set ofi in pur suit as fast as their legs could carry them; and a strange sound it was in the dead of night—the echo, reverberating far and wide, of that hurry-skurry through the hollow house, along the gallery, and down the stairs, where the moon made darkness visible. Because Nettie held him back, praying not to be left alone with that hole in the wall and its terrifying possibilities, Win gate did not go for a minute or two, but he spent that minute in helping her into her dressing-gown, and then they followed the chase together. A man in his pyjama suit is already dressed for Buch emer gencies. The scuffle was over when they appeared upon the scene of action, but a dramatic picture met their eyes as they came into the gallery at the head of the grand stair case, and looked down into the hall. The moon and the stable lantern that Wingate held above his head just, and only just, revealed the size and sombre splendours of the place; the policeman's bull's-eye did the rest. It was opened upon the face of the central figure of the group gathered in the middle of the paved floor, and thai face was the only thing distinct in the vast obscurity. The three men round it were shadows only. One shadow poured wine from a bottle into a oup, another flitted about with- the provision basket; the third presented something to the Uem braudt face, and it opened unshaven jaws and snatched it wolfishly. " Why, yho the dickens is that ?" ex claimed Wingate. " It's all right, Mr Wingate," the rector called to him. " It's Mr George DeBaiUy. He was locked in by accident on the day of the coming of age, he pays, and could not get out." " And he's clean starved," cried Abel Kowe. " There's nothing at all where his stomach ought to be." " He hasn't been without food for a fort night," Wingate whispered to Nettie, as they ran down the stairs together. " And he could have got out at least three days ago, if he had liked." "Look!" she said breathlessly, and pointed to one of the great hall windows. With the moon behind it a figure was dimly visible; a swing of the stable lan tern showed a pair of peering eyeB and a white nose flattened upon the glass. " Mr Martin," said Wingate, " your guest is walking in her sleep again. She is on the terrace there. Go out very quietly se as not to startle her, which is bad for sleep-walkers, and bring her into shelter, will you ? Perhaps she is awake, and looking for her lost husband ; if so, you can tell her we have found him/' Fall of concern for his interesting in valid, the rector bustled towards one of the two archways through which one passed from the hall to the vestibule and porch. Wingate hurried after him and threw open a leaf of the heavy outer doors. . The fresh night came ponring in, and with it the sound of wheels and horses approaching rapidly, not over the grass bat along another road reserved for car riages, entered at a gate near the gate of the Dower House. The master had arrived. (fPo be Conttn>t«d.» 