THE ACTOR'S DOUBLE. V/e wore talking about spirit manifes tations at the Thirty-nine Club, and re tailing the usual second or third-hand accounts of deceased ladies and gentle men showing themselves to their sor- rowing relatives. "It is strange the tricks which our Iirains will sometimes play us." said Dr. K&cpherson.; "I remember once seeing b. ghost myself, and I can tell you that the sensation is a very curious one. It was a good many years ago, during my examination days, and I had been sit ting up until the early hours ' cram ming.' everybody in the house had long since gone to bed, where I ought to hove been myself, so 1 was rather sur prised w hen I glanced up from my book to see somebody sitting at the table where I myself had been a few moments before writing. I felt quite startled for trader. He was a little hazy, hut 1 could see plainly enough who he was." "A dead relative?" asked Maj.. Den nett, who was a firm believer in the good old- fashioned ghost. Macpherson answered in his peculiarly quiet way. . "No; it .was myself. The appearance of seeing one's own ghost is not alto gether unusual, I believe." "Now, I do not think your experience was half so remarkable as one of mine," ftald Gilbert Dane, the well-known actor and manager of the Howard Theatre, who happened to be there that night. Dane is not a member of the Thirty- nine, but bad come with Macpherson. Mast of the brain specialist's friends are la the profession, a fact which is per haps due to the year which he himself spent on the stage as a young' man. "My story begins prosaically," caid the actor, when we begged to hear it. "I lost the latch-key with which I let myself into the theatre, and took some body else's to the locksmith's to have a duplicate made. I agreed to cali for .it the following morning, as I was going up town t<fr rehearsal. I was jing at Putney then, and we were actively pre paring a play which deserved a better fate than it received, if thought and pre paration go for anything, for I came near making myself ill over it. I was feeling out of sorts on the morning that I had called for the latchkey, and when the locksmith swore positively that he had given me the thing already— that less than ten minutes previously I had tome in for the key, paid for it, and taken it away with me, I will confess that I lost my temper and stormed at the fellow, but I could not get him to budge a line from his story. He seem- fcd to have an idea that I was playing ft practicr.l joke, and the only result of my talking was that I nearly lost my brain to Waterloo. It was moving when I readied the platform, and I had to run for the only compartment of which the door was open, near the end of the train. " The compartment contained two other passengers, but if I glanced at them at all, I noticed nothing except that each was pretty well hidden behind a dally paper, i had fortunately bought xny own paper before calling at the lock smith's and speedily followed their ex ample. So far, the story, is painfully commonplace. Now comes the truly remarkable . experience, which has stamped the doings of that day indelibly \- on my memory." The actor paused to strike a match and relight '.his cheroot, which he, had allowed to go out, : and we all watched faim In silence, wondering what was coming, Macpherson only had the air of a man who had heard the story before. "I had become rather interested in my paper," Dane went on, when the fclgar was alight again, "and did not notice my companions talking, until one " Of them started telling an anecdote. >. Then it gradually dawnc-d upon me that vthe story he was telling was one that I consider my own particular property, and when I listened it struck me that the story was being toid, not only in my exact words, but also in my own voice. They say that a man does not recognise his own voice — when he hears it in the phonograph, for instance; but that is jiossihly. the fault of the phono graph, and, at any rate, I know that I recognised mine instantly. "The story and the voice startled me, and it is difficult to describe my feelings when I put down my paper to glance at the narrator." ; " It was. yourelf ?" asked Maj. Den nett, excitedly, as the actor paused, and Dane nodded. "Yes, gentlemen, I saw seated at the other end of the compartment by. the window, opposite his companion, a figure that was an exact fac simile of the re flection which I see in my glass every day when I have dressed for the part of a respectable citizen. It was myself, complete in -every detail of face and attire." "An optical delusion, I suppose ?" I suggested, and the actor shook his head. . "No; that was the first idea that oc curred to me — that I bad been working and worrying too much over the new play, and my brain had played me a trick. The unconcerned way in which the third man glanced at me encouraged me in the belief, for the likeness, unless I was imagining it, was enougn to at tract instant attention. I wondered whether there was actually a man sit ting and talking where I saw and heard my fac simile ; for the third man, an ordinary, every day individual, had not spoken a word to him, and might, from his expression, have been listening to his anecdote or simply thinking. I was relieved when he laughed at the point when 'my double,' as I began to call his companion, came to the joke of the story; but when he opened his mouth it was only to increase the mystery of the affair, for it showed me that ' my double' possessed my name, as well as my voice, my dress, my face, and figure. "I began to wonder then, not whether the man at the window was a reality, but whether I was reality myself, and it really would not have surprised me if I had looked in a mirror at that moment and found it reflected hack a face that was strange to me. It is strange how quickly a single phenomenon will some times change all one's fixed opinions on the subject of the supernatural. I felt that I must speak to the men, if. only to prove whether I was awake or dream ing, and I seized the opportunity of in troducing myself offered by hearing 'my double' called by my name. " 'Excuse me," I said, addressing him, "but I heard your friend just now call Mr Dane. I wonder whether we are related at all, for that happens to be my name, and we seem to bear a strik ing similarity to one another.' " 'My double' turned and surveyed me through his single eyeglass in exactly the same manner as that with which I should have surveyed a stranger who addressed me in the train. " 'I really do not know whether we are related,' he said, in the voice I use when I wish to he slightly patronising. 'I am Gilbert Dane, of the Howard Theatre,' and he actually handed me one of my own cards. "There was something in the substan tial nature of the familiar bit of paste- hoard that brought hack a little of my common, sense, and relieved me from the state of stupefaction into which the phenomenon had driven me. " 'Come, this is a very clever trick.' I said, with a smile which. I am afraid, was rather feeble. 'You have certainly succeeded in startling me. Now I should like your own card, so that I may know whom to congratulate on a very clever performance.' " "And what did the Mystery do?" I in- paused. quired with interest, when the actor "He did exactly what I should have done If a stranger addressed me in the same manner. Ke became angry, and asked me what I meant, and whom I called myself. " 'Well, until to-day I have been in the habit of calling myself Gilbert Dane, of the Howard Theatre ' 1 was begin ning, keeping myself as cool as I could, when my double interrupted me, in a tone which I still recognised perfectly as my own. 'Well, you had better not do so any more,' lie said sharply, 'or you will find yourself in the hands of the police. I see that you have been imitating my dress, too, which I cannot help, hut the use of my name is another thing.' "We had just reached Vauxhall. our first stopping place, as he spoke, and a ticket collector, who knows me by sight, came to the door. 'My double' caught his eye first. " 'I wish you would tell this gentleman who I am,' he said, and the man answer ed promptly : " 'Certainly, sir ; you are Mr Dane, the actor. "He looked startled when I asked the ' same question. " 'I should call you a very good imita tion,' he said, when he had recovered from his surprise. "This was becoming decidedly uncom fortable, and I began to wonder how I could prove to anybody that I was not a very good imitation of myself. The ticket collector's ready acceptance of my double as the real 'Mr Dane' showed me how helpless I should he in an appeal to anyone who did not know me well. But I felt that it would not do for two Gil bert Danes to remain at large. The question which one was to surrender the title must be selected at once. It struck me that the easiest way to do it would be to go together to the theatre, and submit the question to the company as sembled for the rehearsal. I suggested this course to my fac-simile, and he surprised me by accepting it readiiy.. " 'I warn you that I shall detain you when it is settled, and send for the police," he said, in my haughtiest voice. "It was what I was intending to do with him." The actor paused to light another cheroot. "And did you both go hack?" some body asked. Dane nodded. "Yes, together. The third man left us at Waterloo," he said. "You may not believe it. hut I felt really uneasy I as I approached the stage door, and the_ fact that I had no latch key to open it i for myself seemed a calamity. My double 1 calmly produced his, . and marched me into my own theatre with the air of a proprietor. Then he closed the door behind him. and changing his voice and manner suddenly turned toward me and said quietly : 'And now, Mr Dane, I will puzzle you no more, but apologise for giving you so much trouble, which I hope you will think repaid by the en joyment of a unique sensation. The fact is that I am very anxious to go on the stage under your auspices, and I thought tliat this would he the best way to obtain an introduction to you, and at the same time show you a speci men of my acting in the part of your Will O »-»1 1 4- n t lftflcf uuupiciuw;i 4 wu II m auuut caw that I understand the art of making up. Now, are you going to give me an en gagement—or to send for the police?' " "And you gave him an engagement, I suppose?" I asked. "Yes; I have always regretted that he threw it up before the year was up and returned to his former profession, that of a medical man." "It was he. of course, who called for the latchkey in the morning?" "Yes; he had been in the shop when I ordered it, and the fact finally deter mined him to carry out the affair, which he had been pondering some time." "But he must have haunted you like a shadow beforehand," put in Maj. Den nett, "to learn. your gestures an that. I should hardly think the result was worth the trouble." Macpherson, who had been sitting quietly in the background, surprised us by replying for his friend : "Excuse me, Major," he said, in his usual quiet way, "but you make a mis take there. Any man would have been glad to give a hundred pounds down for the engagement which Dane oifered me straight away. It cost me less than L10 for clothes and about a month of study, and my time was not worth L90 a mhnth then, or I should not have thought of giving up medicine and taking to the stage."— Herbert Flowerden, in the "Pall Mall Budget." 