COMPLETE STORY. Stephen Wynthorpe's Presentiment, By "RITA," Author of "A Vagabond Lover," "Miss Kate," "A Gender in Satin," "Peg the Rake," "A Woman in It," "Master Wilberforce," &c.;, &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] "IT'S not much of a place, but 'twill serve," said the Englishman. "Any port in a storm," said O'Malley. "Besides, one can't always judge by externals," said the Cornishman. The three friends and fellow travellers drew near a recently lit fire, and listened to the lashing of waves and howling of winds without. They were sheltering in a little inn in a Cornish fishing village, an inn of historical interest and little else, for it was dark, low- roofed, bare of carpets or chairs, and possessed no sleeping accommodation worth speaking of. Still the three men, who were doing a walking tour in Cornwall, had been thankful to find it. The autumn day had closed in with storm and rain, and they were away from the beaten track of any village or town. The Cornishman had suddenly remembered this little fishing hamlet—it had once been a famous smuggling resort—and guided them thither. Just as they reached the sheltering portals of the Tregeagle Arms the storm broke in all its fury. But the storms of centuries had been unable to work any harm against the solid stone walls or the great square porch of the quaint old inn, and this special one had no better success than its predecessors. As the fire began to blaze and the great log to crackle, the room looked more comfort- able, and the men drew a wooden bench up before it and lit their pipes, and waited with such patience as they could command for the arrival of the meal they had ordered. The O'Malley, whose spirits were inex- haustible, and apparently independent of external influences, cracked jokes and told stories. The two others listened, well content to be amused without trouble on their part. They were an odd trio, but had been college friends, and had never lost sight of each other since. Gerald O'Malley and John Trevenna were artists. Stephen Wynthorpe was that lucky or unlucky personage—a young man of independent means. But he, too, had artistic tastes, and dabbled in water-colours, and sketched in an easy and original fashion that amused his friends, and as Jerry O'Malley put it, "kept him out of Satan's mischief" while he was making up his mind what to do with himself. His latest idea on that point had been to go to America, spend a winter in Canada, visit Salt Lake City, and return by San Fran- cisco and Japan. He would give himself a year to do it all, he said, and then settle down as a landed proprietor on his estate in Wilt- shire. He wanted the O'Malley to go with him, but that lively Hibernian was at once too proud to accept favours, and too poor to be independent of them. So he had refused firmly, and was now entertaining the project of setting up a joint studio with his friend Trevenna in a little nook of Cornwall, and there working hard for the fame and fortune that were to both as yet only a fata morgana, whose streaming looks waved tantalisingly on the wings of possibility. "There's a fine bit of sea out yonder," remarked Trevenna, glancing out through the small dirty window to where foam and spray were madly dashing against the walls of iron bound rocks. "Surely as fine as anything we'll see at Cape Cornwall or the Land's End." The others followed his glance, and then Stephen Wynthorpe rose and walked over and looked out. A more wild and desolate spot it would have been difficult to discover. Everywhere towered the great cliffs—destitute of tree, or herbage—the home of screaming gulls who were now wheeling and shrieking above the dashing spray. Huge waves rolled and broke in thunder at their base. The sunlight like a bar of red flume gleamed for one angry moment upon the turmoil of mist and wind and water. Then the dark clouds massed themselves stormily once more, and all of day- light was hurled into the fierce arms of night. There was something awful and awe-in- spiring about the scene, and young Wynthorpe shuddered as he turned away and went back once more to the fire and the smokers. "What an awful place to live in," he said, and then began to make a tour of inspection of the room, examining the oak, the carving, the quaint old settle black with age and glistening with the polish of generations of backs and elbows. An old cabinet stood in one corner. It had glass doors, and on the shelves were arranged queer china ornaments, and cups and saucers, and the hideous china dogs that one sees so often on the mantel- shelves and cupboards of Cornish cottages. Stephen Wynthorpe examined them, and made disparaging remarks on their beauty and use, and then turned his attention to one or two oil paintings hanging on the walls. They were so grimed with dust and dirt that it was almost impossible to discover their subjects. Before one of them he passed so long and seemed so critical that O'Malley noticed it at last. "What work of art have you discovered now, Steve?" he called out in his rich Irish voice. "You look quite an Academy critic trying to make up his mind whether the subject or treatment is to be slated." Still the Englishman said nothing. He drew a few steps away, his eyes still on the picture. A sort of fascination seemed to hold his gaze. "O'Malley," he said, suddenly, "have you ever had a presentiment?" "Faith, no, boy; not myself. They run in the family a bit, I believe, but they've not troubled me so far, save in the matter of spending a shilling and hoping it will bring in half a crown. I know a good deal about them, though," he added thoughtfully. "Have I ever told you about Biddy Con- nor?" "No," said Trevenna, bending forward to stir the fire into a fiercer blaze. "Let's hear it. Who was the lady?" "She lived near my own home," said O'Malley. "She was as fine a woman as you'd wish to see——" "I've heard you say that of some score or two of the females in 'them parts,' " said Trevenna dryly. "There must be quite a galaxy of beauty in your village. I live in hopes of——" "Ah, now, shut up with your chaff," said O'Malley. "How can I be telling you the story if you won't listen to it?" "Go on," said Trevenna. "There must be one of those same lovely females in that old picture frame, I should say, judging from Steve's moonstruck condition!" "Well, to continue," said O'Malley, stretching out his legs and taking a long whiff at his briarwood. "This same Biddy Connor had two lovely daughters——" "Also," suggested Trevenna. "Am I telling this story, sir, or are you?" demanded the O'Malley with dignity. "Another interruption, and I'll——" "All right, I'm mum," said Trevenna, laughing. "Two daughters," continued O'Malley. "And they were as—ahem—they were good, sensible girls, I mean, and very fond of their mother and father." "Were there any uncles and brothers about?" murmured the incorrigible Cornish- man. "And one day they came to our house in great distress, and said that Biddy was that bad with rheumatism that——" "Excuse me: but where does the presenti- ment come in?" "Ah, you unbelieving haythen! Will you just keep your tongue still for five minutes. Well, she was quite crippled and couldn't move her hands or legs. So the housekeeper gave them some liniment and things and they went away. And on their way back they met a knowledgeable woman who was mighty clever at doctoring and that sort of thing, and they showed her the liniment and said where they'd got it. 'Ah,' says she, 'girls, don't be trying such stuff on the poor soul. There's only one cure for that sort of rheu- matics,' she says. 'Tis I knows it, and I've cured many, including myself.' 'And what may that be, Mrs. Mulligan?' asked the girls. 'It's saltpatre,' she says. 'You get some and mix it wid everything she drinks, and she'll be well in three weeks at the most.' 'Are ye sure?' they says. 'I've a presinti- ment,' she says. And they went home and told their mother, and they got the saltpetre and began to give it to her that very night. But you see they had never asked what quantities to give it in, and they began with basinfuls of it; and the poor soul drank it and drank it, and she began to swell, and every day she got bigger, and they thought 'twas the good effects of the stuff, and gave her more and more, and her husband couldn't make out the meaning of it, and thought he'd try suppression, and took the door off the hinges and laid it on her, and they all seated themselves on it by way of easing her a bit, and as they were thus em- ployed in comes Mrs. Mulligan. 'God save us all here,' she says, 'I just stepped in to say that I had a presentiment'—and faith! what more she had I don't know, for at that moment poor Biddy gave one sigh, and the whole family found themselves dispersed about the potato plot." Trevenna took the pipe out of his mouth and looked at him in wholesome horror. "O'Malley," he began sternly. "She burst,'' said the Irishman simply. "You asked if I had ever had a presentiment, you know. They gave a beautiful funeral to —the pieces." Trevenna rose in speechless disgust, and walked up to Wynthorpe. "What on earth are you gazing at that picture for?" he exclaimed. The young man turned and looked at him in a half-dazed way. "I don't know," he said. "Do you see anything remarkable about the eyes, John?" "Devilish bad ones," answered Trevenna. "Don't they follow you—turn after you? Come here. Now look." "No, I can't say they follow me." "What's it all about?" asked O'Malley, coming forward with curiosity. "Wynthorpe says those eyes follow him wherever he goes." "Steve, my boy," said the Irishman affec- tionately. "I besought you to spare the Scotch last night. You see what it is to despise a friendly warning." "Trevenna, O'Malley, don't chaff; there's good fellows. Listen a moment. You know I'm not a superstitious fellow. You've never heard me say I believed in ghosts and spirits and things." "Have for a trifle of old Scotch," said the O'Malley, laughing. "Ah, stop fooling for once!" exclaimed Stephen, impatiently. "Well, I tell you both that the strangest feeling came over me when I saw that picture. Mind you, it's perfectly unknown to me. I know nothing of its original or its painter. I never set eyes on it till a few moments ago, and yet I feel, I know, that its eyes will have some strange effect upon my life—will look upon me as I die." In the ups and downs, the vicissitudes and troubles, the storms and calms of life the friends drifted apart, and the walking tour, the old inn, and the strange picture became things of the past, put aside on memory's dusty shelves. The Cornishman became a famous artist, the lively and, tender-hearted O'Malley returned to his own country and his farm acres, and married a wife, and gave up art as a bad job; and Stephen Wynthorpe never returned from that tour. At first his letters were frequent, then they grew few and far between, and in their brief pages gleamed the story of an unhappy and illfated passion. For the sake of it he sacrificed home, fortune, friends. He became a gambler and a drunkard. He was heard of as being seen in strange unholy places, and with strange and ominous companions. His property in England was sold, and the money sent out to him in New York, and gradually, as he wrote no more to any of his friends at home, they gave him up as one of those against whom some passing memory can only write vie manque. It happened, however, that some ten years after the incident of the inn, business took John Trevenna out to New York. He had been a week in that most celebrated and most virtuous of cities, when one night he found himself in an unknown and obscure quarter. He had missed his way, and after some hesi- tation he went up to a shambling, ill- dressed figure, and asked to be directed to his desti- nation. The man lifted his haggard face, and glanced up at the big Cornishman. Something in it seemed familiar—and yet so awful were the ravages of dissipation and misery that Trevenna could not quite place its identity in his mind. But on the other hand he was not so changed that it needed an equal effort on the part of the poverty-stricken wretch to recall him. "Trevenna!" he gasped, and his tremb- ling hand and drink-sodden eyes said all the rest. The Cornishman gazed in horror at that wreck of youth and health and manhood. "My God! Wynthorpe, can it be you?" he cried. The poor wretch reeled and stumbled against him. He seemed in the last stage of drink and exhaustion. "Trevenna," he sighed, and sank half- unconscious into the outstretched arms. The Cornishman looked out for assistance. Near where they stood was a low-class public- house. Men and women were drinking at the bar. He half-led, half-carried Wyn- thorpe in, explaining that he was ill, and asking for some room to which he could take him. The proprietor of the place came forward. He was an ill-tempered, ruffianly- looking man, and seemed distinctly averse to offering any assistance. Trevenna, however, tossed him a couple of dollars in advance, and he showed them to a dingy, wretched sort of parlour furnished with a ricketty couch and chair to match. On this couch Trevenna laid his friend, and then asked if someone could go for medical assistance. The host gave it as his opinion that the man was just done for, and that no amount of "fixins," medical or otherwise, would be of much benefit. Still he left the room promising to send for the nearest doctor. In a few moments Wynthorpe opened his eyes and gazed wonderingly at the sym- pathetic face bent over him. He uttered a few faint, disjointed syllables; he seemed to be back in England once more with his two chums. His glance wandered round the room as if in search of someone. Suddenly to Trevenna's unspeakable horror, he sprang from the cushions and sat up, his face work- ing convulsively, one grim, skeleton- like hand pointing to the wall opposite. "The eyes!" he gasped, "the ayes again! They will see me die, ——them." And he sank back, his face livid, the damp of death upon his clammy brow. One long convulsive shudder shook his limbs, then he lay quite still. Trevenna straightened the poor, wasted limbs. He saw all was over. As he turned to summon the landlord, his eyes glanced in- voluntarily at that portion of the wall where Wynthorpe had been looking. To his amaze- ment, he saw hanging there the very same picture that had so interested them in the old Cornish inn. He remembered Stephen Wyn- thorpe's presentiment and his words: ''Those eyes will see me die." They had seen him—but how had the picture come here to a wretched public-house in a common quarter of the American capital? His curiosity for a moment overpowered his sorrow at his friend's miserable fate. When the ill-favoured landlord entered he asked him eagerly how he came by that picture. "It was my father's," was the answer. "He used to keep an old inn in the west of England, and things went all wrong with him and he gave it up, and we came here to try our luck. From the look of you," he added, "I should say you were from those parts, sir." "Yes, I am a Cornishman," said Trevenna, simply. "And," he added, "I have seen that picture before, and in your father's own inn parlour, if I mistake not. Did he not keep the Tregeagle Arms near the Land's End?" "That's so," said the man; "and when we came out here he would bring that picture with him. Said it was for luck—guess it was the other way round. Tarnation bad luck I've had ever since I came here." Trevenna said no more. He looked at the rigid face, the secret of whose wasted life he could only guess.' The tragedies of life, like its ironies, are sometimes only remarkable for their insignifi- cant causes. 