the OWiEO STANDARD. With .which Is Incorporated the ,, Omeo Toleerapt) , , ' -* FRIDA Y, SDP.TEMRER S, 1S97. CENTRALISATION. In nearly ftvcry session of Pariia merit, riot only in Victoria but in . the sister colonics, the Ministry of the day has to deprecate the cry of town versus country, raised by the extravagant expenditure in the cities and larger centres of population, while the country, which is always the backbone and support of the cities, is neglected and impoverished. This has been the case in Gippslnnd, which has been developed and opened up by the energy of its residents, the various Governments having done as little as possible. - A great part of this province is untraversed by railways, is lacking in water communication, and has to depend wholly on the highways as the medium by which its supplies are drawn from other parts and its surplus pro ducts sent away. But the mainten ance of these highways is thrown upon local municipalities, whose income from rates is comparatively small in propor tion to the territory to he served, while the subsidy received from the State is very muoh less than was paid years ago to other municipalities which were then opening up their districts and which are now well settled, and are moreover served by railways which take traffic off the roads and render their maintenance a matter of small moment. This reduction of the municipal sub sidy, by itself, would not cause very roach. complaint, hat concurrent with it the Government spends large sums in, improving and beautifying the citias while absolutely refusing to render the most necessary assistance to remote country districts. There are parts of Victoria which contribute to the State revenue sums ranging from £20,000 to more than doable that ainoant every year, and the only return given is a subsidy of perhaps fifteen hundred or at. the most a couple of thousand pounds to the shire council, and once in a while a grant of a few' hundreds for flood dnmuges or some special work. In (he other direction money is laid out lavishly, and the present Government 'is prepared to spend the enormous amount of fully a quartar of.a million on a new; railway station in Melbourne, As oho of t lie speakers at a rscewt. Ouieo meeting pointed opt) the present railway station *er»«J the aietropolis very well ten years ago, . *k<'4i the traffic was far larger titan now and the Ixmm made btaiitess brisk, a nd a last, t kerefore besaf oirait to serve now that the railway is taed leas. This is plain common senae reason in if; and nobody hat those Interested in the improvement-of the city will deny that such a sum might he spent iti coaniry districts with more -advantage to the colony at large than on a sumptions edifice to beautify a metropolitan thorough faro. Under these circafnstances it is little to be woiidnted that some members of the Assembly nnd many :of the resi dents in the outlying parts of Victoria are inclined to raise tho cry “town versus country,” People living acoupla of hundred miles from Melbourne have none of the great benefits that the dwellers in the city, have and very few of the minor oprs ; yet they are just us heavily, taxed,,, Indeed, it, is they who provide - much of the money which is, even in times of retrench ment, so freely spent on public works in the centres. The cars* of centrali sation lies heavily upon u-v and in Queensland bus. led. to the demand for the separation of thiit- colony into pro vinces, ami it may , perchance dp the <iiirie in Victoria. The old settled districts,. iaj Jong -fostered by the State, no still nourished and pampered at •xpeiiso of the rest of lIto colony, and uhppslandf the Upper Murray,- the1 Malice Country, atid the border parts of the Western District are ncglcoted that an overgrown metropolis and a few insignificant cities may be given an importance thiifc &e; altogether out of keeping with the position of the rest, of the colony. An Suitable expenditure of the Stato funds is all that is asked ; nuch an expenditure ns will confer a little more bonefit on the country and enable the residents in it to enjoy more conveniences than they now have. Given this and nothing more will bo During the recent rain 3 inches 15 points were registered at Omeo, mak ing the fall since the beginning of Au gust 6 inches 13 points. All accounts at the Omeo Sub Treasury have been returned to Mel bourne for annual balance. They will bo again payable in about ten days. Mr. Soytnour, shire engineer, vent nut yesterday to survey the track from Deep Creek to the Gibho (King's), which is to bo widened for vehicular trutfic. Two or throe "debt cases, which wore rattled through in as many minutes, were the only matters to engage the attention of the bench' in .the' Omeo police court yesterday morning. Messrs. Mitchell and Co., mail and coach contractors, announce by adver tisement in another column that they have appointed -Mr. Geo. G. Woods their agent at Omeo, nntl the booking oliicc will in futuro' be at the Golden Age hotel. Mrs. M‘Lean, an old resident of tho district,' died nt -the Hinnomunjie sclioul house op Tuesday afternoon. Only a week previously she hud been into Omeo, and though of extreme age seemed in about her usual health ; con sequently. .the news of her death camo as surprise to the many friends of her The meeting of the Indies'committee of the hospital ball), which was to hnve been held on Wednesday evening, was postponed owing to the inclemency of tho weather until Monday evening next, in the shire hall, when a lnrge attendance is expected ns there are several important matters to be brought before the committee. At the close of the last meeting of the Rcohabite tent an interesting de bato wns held on " Tho belief in ghosts is justifiable,” Mr. Beverley taking the affirmative view and Rev. R. W. M'I.ean the negative. On Monday evening next Rev. J. C. Hughes will deliver a lecturotte entitled “A trip to Tasmania," to which the public ape invited. Some of the roughest weather known on the Dargo High Plains was experi enced on Saturday and Sunday last. The wind blew with hurricane force and snow fell thickly, but being mixed with rain and sleet did not lie heavily, though before tho storm was over it was from 15 in. to 18 in. deep. Subse quently other falls occurred and snow is now lying from 41 ft. to 5 ft deep on the Plains and from 2 ft. to 3 ft. on the track from Mayford to Gow’s. Mr. Peel, of the Warden chlorina tion works, Cassilis, has arranged to meet the shareholders in the recently formed Omeo Mining Development Company on Wednesday next, when he will discuss with them the proposed operations of the venture. It seems very unlikely that assistance will be obtained under the Mining Develop ment Aot, and though the preliminary meeting was assured that any applica tion would be marked “ urgent” and granted forthwith an intimation 1ms now been received “ that the matter will be duly considered next year.” Despite the heavy, weather which lias prevailed during the week the Brathen coach has kept-excellent time, although having to come along the west side of the Tambo between Fraser’s and (Juinn’s on several occasions. The Mount Wills.coach, on the other hand, has not been in until nearly 7 o’clock on the last enupje of evenings, having to travel via the Omeo Plains on ac count of the flooded state of the Livingston, The bridge now being erected over,, tho latter stream will prove a boon, to travellers between Oiueq and the Glen. ; Mr.'Duncah Cameron, of Benauibrn, bap received the following letter from Mr. Travis, secretary for mines, rela tive to the proposal to 1 open a new route bet ween Tiionarti and Gippslund, which will considerably., shorten the distance,:—‘fi ling to inform you that this department vviH ebiiijnitriieate with Mr. Miller,'M.P., and the Now South Wales Government und state its wil lingness to cut the track in question to the border, on condition that the New South Wales Government will do the same on their side, I also beg tp state that enquiries are being madens to when will be' the jiest tinie for tile work to be commenced,.and whejt this.is,ascer tained both the New ' South' 'Wales Government and -Mr.. Miller;will be informed,” V r It is with regret, that announcement is made of the death of Sir. E, A* Bull, well-knowprin connection with mining at Cassilis, In partnership with the late Mr, Smart he wept on to the field when it first eifino under public notice, and later qq look up the Mount Hepburn mine, wl|ipl> ho was unable to work successfully;' through lack of (sufficient capitaLi ’LJio property was Ultimately dispoSe/dT/if by him to p heavily capitaliscd flpgliHli company, Mr. Ball was last'jWthe district some eight or ten monOfiftigp, and was then jupparently in gf|rigPii'nJth. Ho lias since beep ailing tljklgii the i.nnounco ment of his deitt.Hj. ailiich took place in Melbourne on Tdwdiiy, will'lie a shotk to' hh friends hufivtlii,1' mining centum rif fclifi v 