A LADY'S LETTER PROM LONDON. I OCT. 15. I The early cola lias been lelt a good deal ' at Balmoral, but has not prevented the Queen from going out with her usual regu larity. Her Majesty is very well, and the reports about the failure of her eyesight are authoritatively contradicted. It i6 neces sary that the Queen should use her eyes less than formerly, but there is nothing unusual in such a precaution at her age. iier Majesty has always" had a succession of visitors, chiefly of her. own kin, and is said to be in very goo<i health and spirits. The only "court function which has taken place in the Highland home was the presentation of the Scotch jubilee addresses by a deputa tionof seven ministers of the Church of Scot land in levee dress, with the moderator, Dr. Mair, heading the deputation. The Queen returned a written reply. Then came the turns of the corporation and the University of Edinburgh. I believe tins was tne very last of the jubilee ceremonies. The exhibi tion of the jubilee presents at the Imperial Institute is a decidedly popular proceed ing; but there is some disappointment at the exclusion of the jewellery which forms a very valuable portion of the commemora tive offerings. This exclusion is, however, not so arbitrary and inconsiderate as it may appear, supposing one had the right to use any such terms respecting an entirely voluntary favour to the public, for the police precautions would have to be in creased, and additional expense incurred for the safe-guarding of objects so especi ally tempting to the predator}' classes. Theatres arc in luck just now, in the half season and with fine weather; the streets are thronged with people every evening, reminding one of the Paris l>oule vards, and the "houses" are crammed. I was present at the first performance of "The Children of the King" at the Court Theatre, and have seldom 8een a more bril liant gathering. Evidently the "mot d'ordre is the fullest of full dress for "the play." The array of diamonds was worthy of an opera night in the height of the sea son: the small theatre glitered all over, and tiaras were quite common. I study the modern theatre "wrap" with curiosity and wonder, remembering the round red cash mere opera cloak, lined with white sarsnet, and, in enviably elegant instances, bor dered with swansdown, which was con sidered "quite the thing in the time when the play was to me "all a wonder and a wild surprise," and the calmly critical at titude of mind towards it would have ap peared equally improper and impossible. The newest opera cloak, I believe, is a copy of that worn by Madame Sarah Bern hardt in "La Dame aux Camelias," and it is a double mantle of some exquisitely fine white woollen material, thickly braided with black. Tbe lining is pale blue, the collar is Russian sable, the cioak is boi> dered with the same fur. But this gar ment is plain* by the side of the satin, the velvet, tne gold-laden stiff silk which are used' for the vast pelisses now in vogue. A tall, slim lady in a box at the Court Theatre retained her cloak long enough to give the audience time to see that it was composed of peach-coloured velvet, and linea with pale green satin, the collar of the same, but bordered with silver lace, which was continued down the fronts with a cascade of fine lace, of which the sleeve ruffles were also formed. When this gor geous cloak was removed, a splendid toilette was revealed, of the newest white wave-moire silk, the corsage adorned with black velvet butterflies, the wings edged with diamonds, diamond epaulets, the gems strung on network, and a long chain of the same jewels laid loosely on the neck and dropping on the bodice, where it was caught on the left side by a diamond arrow. The dark hair of the wearer of this superb dress was crowned by a tiara of diamonds. The little theatre has been newly decorated in excellent taste, by the all-accomplished Mr. Waring. I had not seen it since poor John Clayton's time, which was so full of interest in things dramatic. The elegance of the fitting-up and colouring is very striking, and the disposition of the electric light-it also is after the stellar idea, whicQ seems to me the veiy perfection &l; light ing-does the fullest justice to the design of the artist. A pale grey' green is the "tone," mingled with creamy white, ana the reliefs are beautifully modelled. . I have never seen a, "curtain" so artistic as the long lines of subdued gold, with its deep knotted fringe and heavy tassels, or boxes draped with so inuch elegance in ^ faint blueish green, which goes beautuuiiy with the golden-hued curtain and «>e ground colour of the friezes and the bal conies. The "new" theatre opened with a very novel play, a translation from "J® German, by Mr. Carl Armbruster, It was interesting to me, because the leading PaIl» !S=Ti hv Miss Isabel Batqman, Miss, jrc J Cpoiig, Miss Cissic Loftus (Mrs. jl]lda hl{rr-irlliy), and Mr. Dion Bouci jlmitlt'.v >J . knew as a clever little boy cault. xv'10',i cailed "Dot/' arid whose act *h0\\\\\V tc ed closely for a trace of his ingi ..c cenius. And not in vain. The fat Ihe energv, the "all-thereness were f°rce, U'e representative of the quaint unfa,1'f ronceit, the "Minstrel" of the iilc i" action. I am told he is a fairA"Hi!i and indefatigable stage manager" ,]]f and, indeed, the staging of: the play n ? ' Vhint? to desire. Nor did the acting Iff Al'iss Isalel Bateman as the Witch, that ° {L Cissie Loftus as the Go^e-girL and ?i t nf Miss Hilda Snong as the burgo thaWs .laughter. But I do not think Jlrhc Children of the King" will appeal to llie general public. Its sentiment is alto ihpr Teutonic, and its "humour" follows 6 H is only an English idea that a f,irv (ale must needs come to a good end in the formula of long ago, 'And if tliey don't live happy that you and I may.In (he (iernian original the fateful, ironical, .md pessimistic ideal is consistently pre served, and the king's children lie dead of want and wandering at the end, but the nlavers at the Court make it all right, and {he faithful minstrel triumphs. This is a consummation devoutly to be wished. The make-up and expression of Miss Isabel Jiatenian are truly admirable-the Witch holds us with her glittering eye and silvery white face as one of the most perfect ex (iiii] iles of stage effect imaginable. Considering the long record of my nlay poinp, 1 have seen but few Hamlets. Some of these I am glad to forget. Of those I 6hall be always happy to remember, Mr. J'orhcs Robertson's Hamlet will rank next to Salvini's, I do not think even his in terpretation would ever shake my convic tion that it is better to read thai) to see that masterpiece of mind, for, although he is better supported than the great Italian actor was, lie is not quite great enough to jnake us not know, or care, about the other peop'e, and only such indifference can ever make t lie acted play a perfect pleasure. Thev did not even interrupt one's thoughts or disturb one's senses when Salvini was Hamlet; they do both in Mr. Forbes Robertson's case, although he is altogether admirable. He looks the part. His refined and sensitive face, the native dignity and elegance of his manner, without pose, the midden, pathetic sweetness of his ways, the grace of his movements, the ease ana spon taneousness of his utterance of the great passages, the unprepared emphasis where it ought to be, the absence of exaggeration in his "antick humour"-these and other qualities give his Hamlet an indisputable charm, which, I have no doubt, would grow with the experience of it. Mr. Ian Robert son is the most satisfactory Ghost I have ever seen. He is at once spectral and dis tinct. The book season has set in, and is pro ceeding with almost unexampled severity in the case of the novel. Every dav brings additions to the formidable lists. Nothing of very great pith and moment has yet come in my way, but there are some ex amples of ingenuity. One of these worth noting is Mr. Hcadon Hill's "By a Hairs Breath." It was a happy thought to weave a not-impossible Nihilist .plot into the felici tous history of the Tsar's European tour, and give the legend of the "takmg-off" of His Majesty's great Minister so striking and substantial a form. . I have just had an opportunity of visit ing the Woman's Institute, and think your readens will he pleased to learn what the inost important of modern institutions for the advancement of the true interests of women is like, as, hitherto, I have been able only to send them ah outline of the inten tions of the founder and her friends and supporters. The house which has been se cured in Grosvenor-crescent is vory large and handsome. The premises destined to the uses of the institute are separate from those devoted to the purposes of the club and ret-taurant; but both are approached by wide double staircases richly carpeted. The reception rooms are luxuriously furnished, and the decorations and electric lighting are examples of perfect taste. These have been carried out from the designs and under the direction of Mrs. Philipps, who has adopted the starry heavens idea in lighting, so that the Beautifully painted ceilings are studded with stellar lamps. The prevailing tints are light, the raised decora tive designs on wall and cornices are white and gold, the paper and hangings are yel low; the chairs are of all shapes and sizes and superlatively comfortable, the general air of the rooms is one of simple elegance, while the air,space,and light are luxuries ia themselves unattainable in any situation less unique. Reading-rooms, a lecture room, libraries, secretary's room (there are five secretaries busily engaged already), the typist's room, the club manager's room, the room in which Mrs. l'hilipps does her work; the private* diningroom for members of the institute, the club diningroom with its dain tily-laid tables and shining glass and stiver, the large conservatory, in course of fitting Hp but unfinished, like the "lift," in con sequence of the quarrel of the engineers, and above, the light, airy, and comfortably furnished bedrooms ana bathrooms - all these form an ensemble which leaves no thing to be desired. It seems to me that the Information Bureau is the Jiost immediately and practically useful Department, and the dictionary of em ployments open to women is the inost striking and valuable achievement. All women who want work and all the men and Women who desire to help them will severally find, in this dictionary the way to it, with particulars tond statistics. 1 