THE SERMON. THE LAW OF THE HuUSE. A Sermon liy the Jim-. WILLIAM A. QUICK, of jJi'igl.toii, Yiciviii. Ezc'.uel xliii., 12.-'"This is the law of the honsc." ,.Wn f t0 U):lke,v,lc -"''-M I have .Lhwen tor you as simple as possible v,e will, rjia' lt J^cr two .juestimis. WbdH's: the law, and what i» its application? niJte refoln'fe'2""wU Notwithstanding that. leadin* fact ' of ftillv 1 cnn V'-'!0^C ^SI'eIlf',sl* liitiionVas Uwtle wi0US'; na,nclv' tllat God had ^ ! v afmonS..uthev people to be «tie eteMian^pnre and powerful reli gious truth, its «aioutu in Egypt had been ichgioimly and-?-politically disastrous. The tyranny, bitter and prolonged, under which the people suffered had threatened to make them a nation of trembling slaves, and to deprive them of that faith in Cod, who had ]vmsi t0 r'1,01,1' ^hers, which as Ijftsifi of libertv, ciilargenieiit and civilisation, could alone make of the mbes a coinjmcl nation v.i;]i a coantrv of i-s defended by strong arms and fitout hearts. In a word, (he bondage of iAe Israelites in Egypt had made of their religion a lhing_ weakened ami confused, by tnrusfcing into it elements of superstition. I hey, therefore, iiad much vo unlearn and... learn when Moses became their leader. Thev were even *f,our, from the time of Abraham), paly in the initial stage of-i Iheir nationality. -.Si"-*14] _ Their ki>ow-ld^eMJ03-w.fs-ol,lv partial. ! Itrciuj^^rsfTjc should reveal His be- j ms might and majesty more fullv. J v"? He-would-<do by the imposing facts] flut} »],« manifestations ?of t. inai. IJutj iiow shall lie work into ' their menial and nior.il constitution, how , shall He<ieeply engrave upon t heir faculties ; the most transforming of all ideas, the idea ' ?i absolute I'oLinr-s. and then of «,,Ml "anonai existence and happiness? It J may.say -no, God has undertaken a most difficult ti.sk. He can show tlieni His' power in a moment. Indeed, tliey have: seen it in their delrtSSran^. lint, as to His (holiness and the holiness' essential to thorn, t j j«'s has to fee iearnt. They have to be j | taught and trained up to the full conception ' 1-°/ /[has J&Jie-apprehended;, and then J 1 it must 4jct-ome the governing principle, al-1 rirays jiresent «?id active in the mind of the j nation. We, too, as^a people, have to grasp 1 and be governed by die same idea of His j holiness -whom Ave worship, nnrl the crn-? Vietion that we, too, must tie a liolv pooj.le! ! has to rule us m-all our relations if we v. ill I be great and prosperous. Hut how snail the Israelites be taught and trained? By. objeet-lessons, prepared! l0r H)eai "}' Odd, and, so to speak, pictured ?n ! . tablets of laws-by ceremonies of legal cleansing, by the setting apart of per sons and thiu^u, and the concentrating of them to religibns uses exclusively. The very «erempnK®' which you may' have deemed trivial'1 tor childish were full of eig niBcaiio? to the nation in its childhood, and indeed-esfi&atial; to its reception of the truths that were to save it. Ave, too, are benefited, asdvtbat beyond conception, by those ancient - ceremonies. They have ceased, but their.'teaching remains* in the Is(-W Testament, «njl---£specially in the fcpistle to the IM>^s. ,^V? .®r<? uju???fthe Jaw of holiness-a law vJ1t eh^-made olivious to us by the life and j^WTactor and temping and death of Jesus, itiiod manifested ill the flesh. Yet we mnst learn from botJt^Pcslaraent^, and this is the fessen-withdrawn! of a man's whole Bdffrom Whatsoever defiles his moral nature.-"^il\l»e>onsetTation, or set tinpr apart, of lumself for holy uses in the service of God._rJtis purity brought into his body, soaij aira Spirit through the sacri fice of the Crftsa, aiirl by the prcsenee and operation in him of tlic Holy Ghost. And os "all tuirigJiteowpnoss is fiin','* the hol>- are righteoHs bAtli b^wards Ood and towards man. They >yalk "in the conimaiidmentb and. ordinances of Qod;" they walk as Jesus walked, for lie has bcoome their pattein. LI is character is their liaok of fevitic^is: i eveiy divine law is found ijj }fis life, and! they, at least, atnV to be- j?t)veined thereby. ] I hoy, in racibi^bofct stnse, accompany their' Master and f?r.Viour; they learn of llim, tmd set tuejaselves to iiractise what they learn, j Ihcy aim to be meek, humble, patient, and ! loving, and helpful, ns lie was. Moreover, as i no man can, in so high ia sense, be holy until j the power of Bin is broken within him, he seeks from Uie abounding grace of tJod, j through Christ Jesus, the forgiveness of his past (ransgrGgBions, «>'d a thorough change of hid tt&un;*. -Gyd be merciful to me?' "Create within me a clean lieart! 0 (Jod,. aild s|Jjrit"within ute.^ .TJi^se great blessings obtained, and the law of noUjicsa is Neither impoHsihle nor irksome. THe jWbe tbfe ntirden light. It; We now cojne to tlie second inquiry What ia th« &pplicfttion; m ttiis lav? of1 holiness? The nouse, nnd "the whole limit thereof-round About," must be under its contrfil. WhfttliGUfie? The l-eslbrea temple- - of which Erekiel prophesied when he and his people Wpe (motives in Babylon may; have been tlie only house present in his! mind. But there ib now no such house-no, central temple with sacrifices of slain beasts j and a ministering priesthood. We may therefore in these gospel times extend our 1 view, and lake it from a paint tm Calvary j rather than on Sinai. We ?will look over the whole extent of the Christian inheritance, and regard a man of Cod, a holy person, as localised^at more than one centre thereof, and a&"jn each place, giving aii&j; receiving such bieteing as God freely sfclidl noii'ii- upon his agents fur distribution. , The fact is, that the verp. people whom mere worldings regard as inexplicable or1 mean have an interest, not in one or in two properties merely, but ia three-ib three houses. ]. The house in ivhicli they and their families reside. Here the law of holiness must rule. ? This house is to be made by them a perfect type of the heavenly dwel ling place. It really becomes such a typo when the parents and children residing here have consecrated themselves to God, and are together living lives of purity and mutual helpfulness. Theirs is a house of worship. Each member of the family secures .1 portion, be it ever so small, of every day for peaceful communion >vith God; and all unite in family demotion at the *oll of their head, whose office it is to read the Scriptures and lead in the holy elevating exercise of family praise and prayer. .* c ? "j The law of holiness must rule in the tempers and dispositions, imd that, how ever much one member may naturally differ from another. It is the office of religion toi harmonise, and- it' ean,-if allowed to touch and move on the strings of even a poor in strument, bring from it sounds which shall surprise and delight us the more for the dis cords we had before listened to. Religion is love, and the law of love is this law of holiness. It must, govern the household in all its intercourse. The mother and the daughters must not need to go to other dwellings for polite attentions. For them the father and the sons must reserve their choicest courtesies. Oh, there is a look, there is a touch that speaks tlie tenderness of holy souls; there is a readiness in pleasing and helping which tells o£ unselfish devo-. tion. All this ia holiness, anflj would that every family in Australia~were holy. What happy households we should have, and what a happy nation we should thus income! The law of holiness must rule in parental "government and administration. In this house there must be no such favouritism as excuses that offence in one which is punished in another. The family resources must not be lavished on one and withheld from another. The father must be just to his wife and children while lie lives, and righteous in the final disposal of his estate. In a word, truth, justice, fairness; vea," a loving concern for the peaee and hap piness and prosperity of all the members mast govern in the dispositions and bearing of each of the family. Here is a house! No suspicions, but perfect frankness nere; no jealousies, but confiding love; no rasp ing voices, but tender tones; no coarse ness, bat the etiquette of the "meekness and gentleness of Christ." When we come to aG this loveliness, we.are at Bethany, and find that" Christ has arrived before us." * -- .- " Heads of fanuljesL^r WTiat sort -of houses are yyurs^Vynataoes Christ see when lie 1'eomes to them? Have you family worship"? 1 Why not? Are you.ashamed~to call your : households to" prayers? You feel, perhaps; ; that ill-tempers and hard bargaining do not \ help any kind of devotion. And you are 1 right. Yet there is the law of holiness, ! written by the finger of God, and you c;ui ! not hide it from you. It demands that you land your families separate yourselves from ^11 that is bad in temper and unrighteous in action; that you submit yourselves to ; God. " Herein alone have you security for ? true peace and joy. 5 2. In addition to the house in which he 1 resides, a good man has a house in which he "worships. "This is none other but the : house of God, and this is the gate of ?heaven" Gen. xxviii., 17}. Words j these which were uttered in the i open air, when God had XuvBurod I Jacob with a vision to comfort I and speed him, the lone man, on his jour I ney. They were afterwards true of the j Tabernacle, and then of the Temple. They 1 are equally true of those houses of public | worship, in which the rich and the poor j meet together, and the families of God's I people, aud Ahe solitary ones who seek the society of the holy. The consecrated houses itnay oe found near to the clearings of distant settlers, and in the mislst of modest townships and vil lages. But whether erected for the Jew, and reached "by forest paths, or for the many in centres of population, they all come under the law of holiness, and that law applies to every official of the house of God, and to the people who wor ship therein. They must be holy. Here is an obligation which they cannot escape from. It is binding on thoughful age and on joyous youth. It meets, us all ere the door is reached, for "the whole limit thereof round abbut shall be most holy. Heboid, this is the law of the house." - _ The house which Ezekiel saw ip--"nis visions, the restored temple^petSSpied .1 vast area. It had lofty cpktnms and far stretched coloiuiades. .^Ifs walls were high and imposing. J.R~"§ymmetry it was exact; in adornment" it was beautiful. Yet the prophet writes as though the whole im posing secne would be insignificant, and, in deed, an offence to God, if the ministers aud worshippers were to defile themselves by any unrighteousness. And eo we may speak of any house of worship. However beautiful it mav.Jje, libwever perfect its forms of wopship, however cxafct ia then ministrations its ministers may fce, Till be comes,an offence to God in the' absence oi holiness. This, only this, is essential. The holiness of God's House is the inward piety aud ouiwalrd righteousness of fU body of worshipper^. And by piety I mean what is weak and immature in religion^ as well a-s what is robust and ripe. I mean the piety of the prodigal returned to his home, and of the sorrowful publican, and of all the contrite, as well as of those whe are rich in the graces of rcligiou. Holiness means self-repression. So thai in this house there must be 110 vaunting OY forwardness, no craving for office 01 Jiouours. It means helpfulness, the bearing of <mc .another's burdens. J\ means peace loving, and the sacrifice of self, one's owt 'predilections* aud prejudices, in order tx promolfHie general good. ''In honour preferring G«e another." , Holiness aneam ftiore than the passive graces. A. hbtfafe o God roust be a scene of activity, a centre o ^onspkuous charity, an example to thi outer world of Ibving ministrations to th poor, and affiictcd, "the widow and th tatherlees. It tuust be the second -bom of the righteous. A home of lore, of peace »f safety. Such * home as affords pure ex j6yincnt8, tind pleasant intercourse, and a! that is soothing, uplifting, aud {mrifvin in teUgion. Must tlie house of God be all IMb? The each worshipper has ou him a errat n sponaibility. He must bring into it hia contribution to the store of trie church's benevolence and peace- He must be ready with sacrifice and labour. The milliliter is not alone responsible for the prosperity and enlargement of UieAlyjreh. You, my .haarers, iire^hnref* tfttlTiiim, and are. with him, accountable to God. Happy-tbeywho find their place of wor ship to be A bouse add Mich a home as tliey love. Happy, indeed, if, in their ?wander ings to ana fro, they fondly.and tenderly turn to it with remembrance of delightful gatherings and uplifting exercises. Hap pier Btill if even yet the spiritual power of their home be upon them to win their hearts back to God and piety. "J. will arise, and go to ray Father." 3\. There is yet another house, and it is prefigured by the two former _ ones- the house, the home of heaven. Obviously, th« law of holiness prevails here. We cannot i say of this house, as of the two I liave de scribed, that the law ouglit to prevail, or that it must -be made to prevail. It d!»cs prevail, it always has prevailed, aud always will. Herein is the security of heaven, of its profound peace and high enjoyment. Conceive of it as liable to defilement and you are no longer lifted into joy and ecstacy; you give up your comfort of hope; you scatter as worthless all your long cherished thoughts of heaven's blessedness. 'You know by experience that here on eari.li there iis no pure and abiding joy apart; from .holiness and you feel that it is vain to expect blessedness anywhere on earth or in heaven where the law of holiness is noc loved and obeyed. An impure heaven is unthinkable-1 believe it to be unthinkable even to the wicked. Then, oh, polluted one, defiled by sins of the flesh and the spirit, thou must acknoAvledge that heaven is no place for thee. "Wash you and make you dean." This home is secure against (be ills of the present life. No bodily affliction, no mental anguish, no business difficulties, 110 .blighting disappointment*, no trembling fears, no sense of wrong, no loss of friends. no betrayals in heaven! "God Himself shall be with them and be their God, and He shall wipe away every tear from their eyes; and death shall be no more; neither shall there be mourning nor crying nor pain any more." (Rev. xxi., 3, i.) Instead of sorrow- there will be joy, and thanksgiving, and praise. To return to the main idea of my text, J the holiness of the house: probation, with ! its sad possibilities will have ended. 1 temptation will have ceased for ever, and , its occupants will no more be plagued either with ein in themselves or in others. After I the death of that great and good man, fir, [ Arnold, of Rugby, his widow took much I comfort from the thought that he would BO ; longer be the -witness of sin, which had been to his tender eoul such a source of anguish. To die is to escape from sin and death. I would that all of you could think of dying as of going to the Father's house. Put.you must lust learn to hate sin, to put it from you, to tttonrn that you have sinned, and seek forgiveness and cleansing from 