\--,,i ('-AE.DIGGER'S DAUGHTER. -. -A RUssIAŽ~' rToar. Atattllof mnsketry came from the direction of the village. .The old gra-e \- er, Boloski, wakened by the-.oixse, sat up on his miserable pallet, listened a moment to the sharp, qmckreports, then called aloud ' Mi ena I Milena . 'Coming, father, coming I' she answer ed, and already her feet showed them selves' upon the rounds of the ladder which led from the loft_- - __ - -:- 7 ' Did yon hear them, 3Milena, he cried; £ the sonnds of the~on-shots- Theare. Sighting-in.the vllage- ra ?iolent attack ofconghing interrupted his words. - Milena had ,descended just ?s she quitted her couchof siraw'-a young gud,~ tall and rigorous. 'It is true, then rsald she, leapin the last steps--'ir heskconm at last.' S 'What, my child? demanded the sick 'The Revolution bh?s broken out to night, which has lbeen -expcte soi long.' 'Yes, and a great misfocrune it is.too, mumbled Boloski, and le crouched again upon his couch. Milena, meanwhile_ hurriedly arrayed herself lm a-.i'adered petticoat and her father_ m:. bootos. Binding a scarlet hanadkercniefnabouther abundant locks, she went out to learn whatTi'ipasring. " . The cemetry was srinaten upon a hitl, surrounded by a low earhed will. -ith the but of the grave-digger snanrnici at its gcae. It w-s an excellen- post of obh serration, yet '1elina did not_ stop there, bot passed on into the darknes, beneath the bare branches-of the -willows, upon which theJasVens were already croa.ingu, and with a single carelebs glance upon the files of tohebs, w-ith their leaninig crosses. Below.intheheartiff the ialley, the rillagehad delivered itself up to strife and bloodshed, yiet here upon this sacr-d groundall was peace. A large cross rose in the middle of the enclosure, xo whic ? .atmached the ?gnre of the dying, Sav.nr,-icicles pendant from the thorns that crowned his brow and from the nails which pierced his hands and Milena listened intentl,-.-not a mur met for-the moment broke the stillness. She stopped and gazed up at theeheaven, the vast bine va-lt which seemed to her a satin canopy, retained in place by the golden anils which sparkled and scintil lated above her, while beyond, on the other side of the forest, rode the red disc of the rising mooa All at once a gliding. crouching form passed her like a .ash, a pair of "lowing eveballs glared into her own. 'A wolf :' she m'u-mured, and. with an energetic movement, wherein shone all the savage streng h of this child of na ure, she seized a stone from a neighbour ing wall, and hurled it forward_ A low howl responded to the stroke ofher arm, \-- and the hungr- neast was gone as it had Scome-a shadow-through the -les of tombs and spectral crosses. A fresh cruh of musketr. sounded in .he distance, anatser, an Still gnother. Milena traversed at a run the slope of the road which led to tlie -ilage, and at the beginning of- the drs: hodtses. met a nzeighbourand a wounded man, the wife, whdm shemknew well. supporting the bus band, whose blood dyed the snow at every step - '-What is the matter ?' demanded 3Mi Jena 'The peasants of bur village,' replied the man, 'and of Mikonloffare struggling with the insurgents down by the cafi and the lit.le wood. All goes well however; .ci ytesa. sharp and do 'nhir mowing; the nean fall iike grain. 'So - said Milona : and she aided the ueasant woman to place her husband in his oed and to binad his wounds. Then she retraced her steps 'o trsnquiilise her amther. -A 'hour £nter-a o--d kno2,king sounded upon the ga'e of the cemeter - S"-" what it is, .1ilena, srid the sick -rase- diggeragain; d- ,ieena. obeying Ine command, opened hre .icke: obs:ruc zed byf-ost, to and befoe it a row of sledees encompass"ed by no.r-seme the -Iarreldortheir muketis and the blades of their sickles sparkling in the rays of the moon. 'Come, open .he gate, old mole !' shoted a voice froi the crowd ; ' open the gate, and open quic-l". WVe bring you a score of distingitised ghosts." 'h_: I want no guestsL replied Boloski hrom the interior. " I am iiL as yon know well-1 dare not go our in a night like this.' 'hITor no.' cred the voice again, ' the work must be dons" 'Vell, bury thern yourselves.' -1'e baze not time.' 'In that ras"' said Milena. brusquely, shutting the wicke: to end the discussion, "tis I who -ill burt' them for you' And she went out to open the gate forthe four landed ledges, bearing the dead bodies of the tnsurgets, and to the conquerors, a-med with aheir bloody sickles and g.enmitig ,cythes. "'hrow't them there upon the snow',' said she to the mayor of the village, who greeted he sn She sppeared with a f-readytnod; '-a start at the rising of the _sn. -. * No'n -sai the mayor, * that would not be C-rrstian-tthe wolves and ravens are aready waitng to do their work-they nns' he burred now. You will receive -for':he job the 'sual sum ; in addition to -that two nuarts of brandy, and, for your ack,a neam peliss-" Is it a bargain ?' A bargainr" she answere"- " tI' begin w-hen v-ou an - and wi'h arms akimbo and robta' fists upon her hips, she regar ded the de'le" of peasants and sledges -rapidly dirc'argmng their score of dead. lier beatiful tace r-nained impassive ; Sty seemed a star rer to those hard fesmres. and yet mLwit char?n, what pas sion .n t ro e'" -b ac i -eyesa in- that sensitive nose, and -Ia that firm, set-ere nmouth! -- - - The mayor dounted the money intoher .,and, put the bottle of brandy on the snow beside her, and the sledges slowly onag-in, the peasants following in their wake quite as silently as they had ?gole. ... ot.shalhave t sh ework is And the mayor also quitted the ceme -tery--while Mlena took--up her-spade, and, with -.? re.r se-lont. o~fibrandy, comrenced -to d-rthe rstrtrench-croon in" as she wo'ked thewords ofan ancient. gras-e- oingiers son. The.sadmelody, monotonous and slow a-befitted the song of the dead, n-as accomipanied by the dull tingig of the iron upon thefi-ozen ground, andjthe dis tant ho-ling of the wolves. -n?" othefs ao'n- of brandy, another wa-,in of her muscular arms, and so it went on till tih- tnch i-as done, and Milena. waitmug a nioment to zegain her breaTh, g"aed on the corpses. .'Twas doubthasyiydnisaid she to an old it.an,-ith Ig wD?&\- dorls, clad in arich doaLtrimmed with --seline,and in \- whose 'irdle.spgrkled <aplye b yatag han,n shodfedthe biii-1. 1L W9 s- t'izze, too, you.shalI go before 1 -And she took him-in herhands like a litste child, dedended-itbo the trench her -'-selfand- gentdy'faid him on the ground. TVi-h theothersshe was norceremonious, an arma leg a .shoulder-anvthine,:,in short, that helped to lift and toss txiain mn the ditch,-served her purposen But God help me,' she suddenly aread as seoe her in the .no ay a bleeding trunk_ 'God help me if it isn't the Lord of Kamiez, that vile Turk and oppressor of the rpoor.' And she struck the face of the head that lay beside the trunk a blow which sent it rolling to the depths below. Another swallow ofbrandv, a new body in the -hole, then the grave securely dosed. Melina was ready to begin the second. In the meantime, the moon, rising higher and higher in the heavens, wrap ped in its u-an light the silent graves,the crucifi'. the roofs of the now sleeping village, and the vast and soundless plain. - And again, the - second trench ready, the grave- digger's daughter approached another group -f dead. The face of the '-st one was covered with blood which had r n f-om a cut in the head. At tl e same ins~ant she heard a sigh-a long, shuddering breath that came from this hody. Milena drews back hastily; cou. ageous as she wvas, soe felh the nair rise upon her head : and soon she saw the body begin to stir. He still lived, then. There was no longer a doub, of it. She caught him in her arms in order to succour him,rubbing with snow that face oegrimed with blood and powder,and chafing his frozenhands. In a moment his eyes mnclosed. ' Save me, M1,lena,' he moaned,stretch ing his hands piteously towards her. Sue shook her head brusquel, thrust him from her, and rose to her feer. 'Save you " said she with a calm more terrible than either rage or the joy of a glutted vengeance- wihen'it is God that' has delivered you into my hands. You have betrayed me- you now belong to ma. Pray to your God," 1alerian, per haps he will be merciful, but froit, me_ expect no pardon' . . . . 'Have you forgotten, Milena, how i" loved you. ... ' No, I have forgotten nothing ; :but you, what have you done with all- those vowsI? You. who, in spite of everything, left me for another. I- shall not spare_ you-besure of tlar. Valerian,--be sure of that.' - " - 'Will yon kfl me? groaned the 'nhappy one. • " "" ' Kill you? No l'she smiled with a gla- - cial i-ony-wbich made him shudder" ' I s-hall only do dii- duty-I slia btiry-youf as I have received orders.' 'Bury me while I am still alive,' cried V7.erian. ' Why not ? responded Milena, with a burs: of cruel laughter;' I must eam the sheepskin for-my back which the- mayor. promised me-' ' Have pity, Milena, for Gods sake have pity?' - - ' Did you have pity on me? she ans wered sternly; 'yon, who vowed me to sorrow and to sham_ This for your love -behold it.' She seized him by the shoulders and sought to thrust him in; but he, with that frightful death before him, had risen to his feet, and a furio-s struggle began. between them-a hopeless struggle, too, for soon Valerian renounced all thought of u-resting himself away from this sav age creature. From loss of blood his strength was gone from him-he was but a child in her hands. 'Mercy, Milena, I beseech you---oh, mere.' She responded with a disdainful foot thrust which.sent.him _rolflng_ into the gaping hole. A lasttime he struggled to his feet, his arms outstretched, and. clasning her knees with supplicating gesture. But his prayers only rendereil her more - ferocious still She caught up her spade. and struck his hands, their grasp relaxed, she struck again, a second, a third blow -he fell. And Milena ? Milena, with one hand clenched upon her spade, the other doubled upon her hip, stood there and heard him-groaning \--stood there and-- contemplated-him - with cold, fierce eyea and voluptuous. n:eas?ure. 'Now,' said she, 'now Valerian, are you mine - Titen she began to crumble the earth be.ween her fingers, and to fill- in the d.tch. to fll it and stamp it down, as she had filled and stamped the firs., her voice firm and as c'ear as ever, rising always in the chorus of her sinister song, and always accompanied by the sound of the clods fa-ing one upon the other by the rng of the spade, by the cawing crons crching hungrily above .the .heap of unbured dead And, in the east, the frst grey lights of the cominf morning slo'wvy spread - themselves across thfe - heavens, pale and cold as the smi.e upon the -faces of the frozen clay. AS -Mosco"- Vedomest 