TIll IsAlZAAI-- EIºGEAtNI'. James Edward Reeby was by birth a e native of Exeter, and, as his red hair and name implied, of the Danish race, who held and colonised that ancient city in Saxon days. He had come out to India as a private in the WVessex Royals, and by the time he was sergeant e had been through the Afghan war and e lost every relative he had left in Eng r land when he enlisted. When the Wessex Royals went home ut Sergeant Reedy left them on pension. He had formed a connection with an t attractive young woman of the Eusafzai tribe, and had living one daughter out e of three children born to him. All the love of his heart centred round the child. He was not forty then, and with a stout heart he resolved to face life in India for the sake of her. By the good offices of his colonel he obtained the post of Bazaar Sergeant in s Meerut Cantonment, where he married the Eusafzai woman. When the post n or- BazaarStergeant, with- its. good pay d and free quarters, was abolished, he left 'Meerut, and after a year of dtre priia tion. he got made Bazaar Sanitary. In spector, on fifty rupees a month, in the great cantonment of Arsenalfanj. He had by this time learnt to live on the charity of a native merchant in the city, to beg his bread by clerking for a [ native press, to earn money by driving ea native gentleman's carriage,. and to endure the scorn and insults of the s reptile bunniahs, who taunted the poor ex-sergeant, well aware that the old dis a cipline and self respect would make him e prefer to endure insults rather than to smite their cowardly carcases. He told me that in those dark days he only spoke English once during ten months, and that the decent native was a real good fellow at heart, with an enormous capacity for generosity and respect for an Englishman, provided he gained izzat (reputation) by it. "You see, sir," said Reeby, "them niggers isn't really black ; not the right sort, and in this country it's all nothing for nothing; and they thinks a great t deal more of what folks say than even a clerk in the city of London or a cor poral's wife. There's Diwan Singh there. Well-he comes and takes a peg with me of an evening, and he acts quite respectful to my old woman at all times, and never once looks at my girl. That's his gentleman ideas. But he looks to me not to be too hard on him I for some things, and to give him such help as comes my way now and again. Now he's the right sort ; we're used to each other, and we acts as such." Diwan Singh happened to be a rich spirit merchant of a rather loose char acter and somewhat fond of the bottle, but he was remarkably honest for a native. He only lied eight times out of ten, and used to crash through his villanies instead of intrigueing ad in?Jnitum. But he was always ex tremely polite, especially to English ladies. He told the cantonment magis trate that to please the Mein Sahib was to please the Sahib, and that all the Mem Sahibs liked him. 'What do they know, Sahib ? Your wives are more innocent and ignorant than my babies. Being a spirit merchant, he naturally was the owner of half the hackney carriages in the place, and contractor for picnics, race meetings and public 1entertainment arrangements. It was I just the thing in a place where one buys boots and charcoal of the butcher, and meat and tents of the tinker. Reehy knew his public, and theyknew him. He freely walloped the army'of sweepers in his charge, and if he wished to impress on any man the desirability of cleansing his drains and cesspool he 'used generally to hold his head in the fluid till he saw what was wanted. An Indian loves a pr.ctical lesson and forcible exposition. So Reeby was really liked. Especially as he insisted on his sweepers salaaming every native boss, and never failed to touch his hat to him on special occasions. Nobody ever knew Reehy's influence till the end. Which was thus : In the dreadful year when cholera decimated Margalia, the hill station just above Arsenalfanj, and filled that huge bazaar with a double population of panic-stricken natives ; there was a fear ful outbreak of the fearful disease. It I came like a flash of lightning. On! Sunday night 2o,ooo people lay down I to sleep in health and security. ini t Monday morning they bore out 50o corpses, and knew that the yellow fog t hung over the doomed bazaar. t W\hcn you see the thin yellow mist hang like a ghostly pillar of fire over the city or village-flee. For cholera is there. It is the awful raiment of death in the plenitude of his majesty and power. Gleat and dreadful fear sat on all. But Reeby arose to fight it. Within a week the cantonment magis trate was dead. and fdur doctors. The General and all his staff had fled. All the troops were in cholera camps. Every single white, man, including the clergy, had gone either with the troops or to far distant cities where cholera was not. In the bazaar who could fly ? The villagers drove them back with staves and shot guns. The railway trains only. stopped once a day, and then the people could .not get away until passed through quarantine. The new cantonment magistrate was a brave, but reckless young captain and he- fell dead in the bazaar of sunstroke one blazing midday at-his post. Reeby wasleftalone practically. He seized the sanitary stores from the terri I fled Babu in charge, and mixed phenyle and water in buckets and empty kero I sene tins. These he placed about the bazaar, and drove the people to drink s from them instead of from the hydrants. In the course of the fourth week his wife died during his absence. He carried her out and burned her body within four hours of death. His heart sank with awful fear for his daughter, but he held on day and night. Side by side -.with him ran the two Catholic I fathers-one a Belgian, one an Italian. the -Italian. i'I'm a bit of a callythumpian, your s reverence,' said Reeby, VYou do your duty and let God do His will. I haven't I time for mch else just now. So they'let him alone and headed. the sweepers cleaning drains, tearing s down vacant houses, burning diseased bedding and clothes, pouring remedies down terrified and dying men's throats. 1 At last the Belgian fell dying in the mouth of the main drain, and won his I crown of martydom The Italian and Reeby buried him and stood alone, the 1 only two white men, to face the King of s Terrors amid a maddened and smitten I 'race of aliens, who prayed to them and looked to them for aid. In the end of the fifth week the pes tilence was at its height. One night, at the hour between dark and dawn. Reeby heard his daughter cry. He ran to her. He had only just lain down in his r clothes, dead beat with fatigue, for an hour or two of sleep. By the light of t the flickering lamp he saw her sunken t eyes and blue lips. He knew his doom was on him. The dense air seemed to choke him, but he rose to fight for all he loved and all he had. The Italian priest came in by chance and aided him. The girl was beyond help. She sank rapidly in spite of all they could do. Then Reeby went mad. The fierce Berserk rage of his ancestors got hold of him. He bore the dying girl in his arms t into the market square, where the ear liest breath of dawn was first felt. A e thick bank of dark cloud hung over the 1 sky almost to the eastern horizon. No a air came. Reeby did not pray nor fight. He sat on the ground .ith his darling's head on his breast. The priest con tinued his prayers. Suddenly the darkness of the clouds t intensifiedand -udulLnoise like the roar of a far-off cascade came dBio~ifrom-the t ghastly sky. ' Kiss me, dear father, I \- am going,' moaned the thin, ghost-like voice of the dying girl. A cry of terror and sympathy arose from the throng of terrified natives who witnessed Reeby's awful anguish. Reeby strained her in a close, burning embrace. She lay breathing very slowly and feeby. Then he laid her on the ground and rose. ' Hear me, you people !' he cried. ' If she dies then it is the last death. God r has taken the best.' And then in mad English, roaring in his fury, with his hard, sinewy arms upraised to the black clouds rolling over the rising sun, he I shouted : S'God ! take all these niggers. Save my girl ! The Italian started in horror. In that instant there came a crash of r thunder and a flaih of of lightning on I the wings of a mighty whirl-wind. The market building was struck and set on fire. Flash after flash followed, and t peal after peal of thunder. The flames caught on to the bazair. Heedless of t the torrents of rain, the' conflagration s spread, driven by the wind. Amid the horrors of that fearful morning even Death fled aghast at his last work. The cholera was gone. But the Italian priest bent in prayer and fear. ver the bodies of the Bazaar Ser geant and his daughter blasted by the first stroke of the tempest. To this day the tomb of the Bazaar Sergeant is worshipped by the natives as that of a brave English saint who sacrificed himself and his child to save ttheir lives. But in fair Sorrento there dwells a pious priest who falls on his knees and prays in English whenever he hears the roll of thunder; in the hope that his good deeds and prayers will atone for the mad blasphemy of the exiled and heart-broken Englishman, the Bazaar Sergeant.-S. St. Jame lBudget. 