Touan Gossip. Brief, then-What's the news.-KING JOHN. Mrs. Linegar, who has resided in Wind sor for some years, left the district this week. A 'hue license was granted to Mr. Fred Wood, by the local Bench of Magistrates, on Friday last. The poison fiend is again at his work, and another batch of dogs have " yielded up the ghost." Mrs. Robinson, of the Terrace, who has been laid up for some time past, is still con fined to her bed. Dr. Smith Hozier, who was located in Windsor for some years, is now practising his profession at Brisbane. The postponed social in aid of the Sack ville School of Arts eventuates next Wed nesday week, and promises to be a big affair. The Forty Hours' Devotion in connection with St. Matthew's R.C. Church com mences at 11 o'clock this Sunday morn ing. Mr. J. O'Halloran, once of the Windsor Grammar School, is now employed in the Sydney office of the Dapto Smelting Works. Rev. B. Keenan has promised to enter tain the members of the Hawkesbury and Federal Cricket-clubs at a banquet, on a date to be fixed. Mr. W. C. Barker met with a painful acoident recently. Whilst working in his garden he drove the prong of a hoe through one his great toes. At the Revision Court held on Friday last, before Mr. J. K. Cleeve, P.M., the Electoral List was revised, and half-a dozen new names added. Mr. Geo. Davis has now in full bloom a choice collection of German pansies. For richness and variety of colors they excel all other varieties of this favourite flower. Mr. T. Primrose's son, who met with an accident to one of bis eyes last week, is getting better again, and his medical at tendant states that the eye will not have to be taken out. There are imitations on the market of our Eucalypte. Ask for Colemane and Sons , and see that you get it. Look out for trade mark (registered), EUCALYPTE", on each label. J The milk in various places during the past week or two has been strongly tainted by a weed possessed of an unpleasant taste. Several lots have been rejected at the local Butter-factory for this reason. In connection with the self-denial effort | of the local corps of the Salvation Army, i Mrs, Davey will give a popular lecture in their barracks on Wednesday evening next. The subject will be " Love, Courtship and Marriage," In an issue of the " Sydney Herald," valy, 1837, left at an office, appears an ad vertisement relating to the sale of a num ber of allotments in Windsor, including that on which stands and then stood, " Old Government Cottage, Hawkesbury River." Mr. R. Henson, of the Railway Depart ment, wag in town on Wednesday, for the purpose of enquiring into a complaint laid against the local 'busmen-that of blocking up access to the Station. Certain positions have now been assigned to the 'buses, and they are expected to maintain same. A former resident of Windsor, who re cently visited Campbelltown on business, states that Windsor people need not com plain of dullness of trade after his ex perience in the former place. As a " sleepy hollow, ^ he awards it the championship, i Like Windsor, Campbelltown was one of the first settlements in Australia, but it is heaps more conservative than the Hawkes bury town. A very valuable cattle-dog, belonging to Mr. J. T. Gosper of the Terrace, was poisoned on Friday night last. The dog was one of the best-trained animals in the district, and was worth any money to its owner. Mr. F. Liddle, of the same locality, had another dog, which makes the third, poisoned during the week. Baits appear to have been laid indiscriminately about tbis part of the town of late, every cat and dog almost from the Park to New-street having been destroyed. A representative of an old HawkeBbury family (the Dargins) occupies the position of Post and Telegraph-master at Wocllahra (Sydney). The present Mayor of Windsor, Mr. J. J. Paine, is related by marrhge to the first Windsor Civic funeti nury who occupied that office 26 years ago. The N.S.W. Cricket Association have given permission to Messrs Les Pye and W. Howell to play with the Queenslanders against the English team. MEDAL AND DIPLOMA At Chicago was awarded to Colemane and Sons (Ltd.), the premier Eucalypte manu facturers, beating all competitors, i A very valuable draught mare, the pro perty of Mr. S. Hoskisson, of " Clifton," died last week. It is said that the owner recently refused £200 for the animal. Up to the present, only some two or three hundred dogs have been registered at the local Courthouse. Surely the canines have not yet been thinned down by poison to such small numbers. Mr. J. Walsh is having the gate and fence at the rear of the Hawkesbury Hotel fixed up. He is also having the hotel yard, which is rather sloppy in wet weather, filled in with tan-bark. A Sydney litterateur writes :-" I feel certain that Fletcher (of Nelson, Hawkes bury, who writes most readable short stories) will arrive some day. He is the cockie delineator of N.S.W., par excellence." A correspondent writes : "As the mem j bers of the Hawkesbury Swimming-club have not energy enough to re-organise their club this season, they should don bloomers and join the Ladies Club." Owing to the threatening state of the weather on Wednesday last, the picnic in connection with the Church of England Sunday-school was put off till Thursday, when it took place, despite the fact that rain fell. Whilst driving from Richmond on Tues day morning, Mrs. Parry (daughter of Mr. E. Wood) met with an accident, through I her horse tripping and falling with the trap. Mrs. Parry was thrown out, but, ! beyond a few bruises, was not injured. It is complained that net-fishing is in dulged in to a great extent in Windsor Beach, Hawkesbury River, and that great quantities *of small fish are destroyed in this way. Efforts are being made to secure the closing of this portion of the river against net fishing. Some desperate canine-hater has been on the rampage in Windsor now for several weeks, and already the revenue of the colony must have suffered considerably, judging by the number of dogs which have been poisoned. If this sort of thing continues, Premier Reid must be prepared to meet a deficit at the end of the financial year. Following is a list of the successful can didates of St. Joseph's Convent, Windsor, at the recent Trinity College theoretical Examination in music : - Intermediate Honors : Annie Carroll, Ellie Marden ; Intermediate Pass: Florence Casey; Junior Honors: Flora Farey, Lena Egerton, May 'Berckelman ; Junior Pass: Delia Brennan, Maud Brown. The lime-light entertainment given in the Church of England School-room on Wednesday evening, by Mr. R. Lean, was | well-attended, and much appreciated by I those present. The lecture given was of a very interesting character, and during the evening about 200 slides were shown, in cluding " Jane Conquest," " Gabriel Grub" (Dickens), " Curfew," " The Lifeboat," " The Little Hero," and many others. An enterprising Syduey photographer, who is opening a fine modern portrait gal lery, has a splendid photo enlargement in a prominent position of Mr. Philip Charley." It is an excellent likeness, but is marred by the inscription in large letters underneath " Phillip Charlie," Esq. The photographer should know different, as his brother married a Hawkesbury young lady, whose father is a friend and neighbour of the Belmont gentleman. With reference to our paragraph in last week's issue, wherein it is stated that " Mr. G. Bowman, father of the late Mr. A. Bowman, defeated Mr. R. Fitzgerald by two votes," Mr. James Holmes informs us that it was Mr. William Bowman, the uncle of our later member, who defeated Mr. Fitzgerald. It is on record that during one election the late William Bowman held up before a crowd of electors bis nephew, Alex, then little more than an infant, saying, " Gentlemen, this is your future member." And the prophecy came (rue. The Misses Murray, from Five Dock, arc spending a few days with th> Kev. B. Keen an. Light showers fell throughout this dis trict on Wednesday, and much good will be accomplished by same. One of the oMen residents of Pitt Town is Mr. Joseph llobbs, a native of that place, and who it now on 80 years of age. Mr. J. Fitzgerald's black horse "The Runner" should make a name for himself in some of the trotting events at local race meetings. Mr. C. Marden, who has been laid up during the past fortnight, is .still confined to his room. His many friends wish him a speedy recovery. Mr. G. Q. Thompson, who has been living out in the west of N.S.W., has now settled in Queensland, at a place rejoicing in the name of Dirrinbandi. Saturday last was one of the roughest days experienced in the district for years. The hurricane which prevailed will do great damage among the stone fruit. Mr. A. Oobcroft, of the Commercial Hotel, has purchased the aerated water manufacturing business so long condacted by Mr. Stevenson, at the old mill. Wait for MR. DENMAR if you wish to have your piano tuned well. He is always in the district in January and July. Sydney address, 19 Wigram-sl, Glebe Point, Orders left at GAZETTE Office will receive prompt attention.-Advt. The late Mr. Neale, who left £18,500 -to Sydney charitable institutions, also " be quested" £5000 to Sir George Dibbs, £10,000 to Mr. Farcell, M.P., and £7500 to Mr. T. A. Dibbs. The s.s. St. Albans, which was partially wrecked at the Mouth of Colo a couple of weeks ago, has been floated again by Mr. Manning. Great difficulty was experienced in getting the water out of the hold. A subscriber writes from Sussex, Eng land, to the GAZETTE : " Although a good many miles of sea divide us, I am still very much interested in the local news, which can be gained by reading your paper." The water supply for McGrath's Hill is procured from a well along the Mulgrave Road. It needs repairs, and those who get their water supplies from it might reason ably be expected to do what is needful, surely. At present there are eight patients in the local Hospital, G males and 2 females. The two latter are Mrs. Savage, who had her leg broken in two places recently, and Miss Scott, of Yarramundi, who has been suffer ing from hip disease. Both are progressing favourably. Mr. G. Kidd, who had his leg broken some time ago, is also recovering. Mr. J. K. Cleeve, P.M., and Mr. Geo. McCauley (solicitor), journeyed to St Albans to attend the Court on Wednesday week. Several unimportant cases (including the inevitable affiliation case), occupied the attention of the Court until late in the evening. The Courthouse was crowded all day, and much interest was evinced in the proceedings. On the return journey from St. Albans on Thursday last, the Police Magistrate and party, in their desire to take a short cut to Windsor, via Sackville, lost their way. They got astray in the ravines of the Hawkesbury, and eventually found them selves in a rye field. The proprietor was very wrath, but we have not heard yet whether any law proceedings will be taken The state coach of Mr. W. F. Linsley's drawn by three horses, was brought into requisition to take Messrs. Cleeve and McCauley to St. Albans last week. Mr. Fred Lineley, who was the Jehu, handled the ribbons in fine style, and the rattling tnanuer in which St. Albans was approach ed, together with the appearance of the conveyance, was rather a revelation to the folks of that locality. Mr. J. Tebbutt, of the Windsor Observa tory, brought to the GAZETTE office on Wed nesday, a very interesting relic of the early days. It was the conjoined figures' 58' made apparently of brass, about 2 inches long by 1 inch wide, such as were worn on the caps of the 58th Regiment, once quartered here. Mr. Tebbutt bapp ned upon it among his collection of curios. It was given to him by a " soldier of the line," one George Cuuningham, who worked for Mr. Tebbutt's ; father after leaving the Regiment. Cunning- ; ham was afterwards (about 1845 or 1816) called upon to re enlist, and was ordered to New Zealand, where the Maoris had broken out in revolt. ! ; «, - i - t *"*. Prime Pickled PeikitHamandBacon, at 11. CLEMENTS'. Corn-fed and locally cu-ed.':: ABSOLUTELY PURE. Colemane & Sons, Ltd., world-famed EUCALYPTE EXTRACT. It is unsurpassed for coughs, colds, influenza, etc. * Our accounts for July.-September quarter will be out next week, when we expect a ready response on the part of those who have allowed same to run for some time. George-street, Windsor, is gi$4ug!ly becoming quite as rough for vehicular traffic as is Windsor-street, Richmond; and one needs to be careful when driving lest he should have his back teeth shaken out of place. Mrs. T. Maloney, of Thompson's Square, has been, and still is, very seri ously ill. Mrs. G. Nixon, who is one of her daughters, recently arrived home from Walgett, where her husband, a one time Windsor man, is in business. The sale of the stock, farm implements, land, &c.;, in the estate of the late George Dickson takes place next Wednesday afternoon. Immediately after the above sale, farms at Maroota and Cattai Creek will be offered. Mr. J. B. Johnston is the auctioneer. Mr. Alex Books, of Sackville Reach, who is a member of the Park Villa Cricket Club, has turned out several bats for that club. They are equal to any, and superi or to the majority, of the imported bats, and are only about half the price. Native industry. A host of Sydney cyclists visited Wind sor last Saturday and Sunday. A special feature about these gentry is that they walk round town and pass remarks and generally give one the impression that they are anxious to buy it right out, lock, stock and barrel. We have had the pleasure of looking through a splendid collection of photo graphs of Hawkesbury District and other views, taken by Mr. Clarry Pitt, of " Surnyside," North Richmond, Mr. Pitt's pictures will compare more than favourably with work done by the best Metropolitan photographers. On that Metropolitan vehicle known as "Black Maria," used for the purpose of conveying arrested persons to the Courts, are no less than three Hawkesbury- born policemen-Sergeant Mortimer, and Con stables Wood and Carey. There are now quite a number of Hawkesburyites pn duty in Sydney and suburbs. They like the game. The land hereunder described has been reserved from sale pending subdivision : Eastern Division. Land Distiict of Windsor.-No, 26,559, County of Cum berland, parish of St. Matthew, at Mul giave, containing an area of 2 acres. The Crown Lands within the boundaries of measured portion 216,-as shown on plan catalogued C. 1,769 2,030. Mr. W. J. Lyne, Leader of the Opposi tion, has been invited to again visit Wind sor and Richmond, and has consented to do so towards the end of October. Ar rangements are now being made (so we are informed by Mr. J. P. Rogers, of Richmond) for the reception of the visit ing politicians, who are sure to receive a hearty reception from people of all shades of political opinion. The other night some thieves undertook a large order, when they got into Mr* W. C. Barker's Apiary, and sought to remove the honey frames trom several hives. They got the frames out of one hive, and started off, but the bees made things lively, evidently, for the thieves dropped their booty at a dividing fence. Mr. Barker is now looking out for the culprits, and expects to recognise them by reason of their possession of bulbous counten* ances. Mr. James Holmes, who is well versed in the doings of the early days in Windsor, tells us that Ti rnan, who knocked the executioner off ihe scaffold, was the la6t man hanged in Windsor. He suffered death for having " set fire to a fcaystack," the property of his master, a Mr. Black, and he was hanged in the presence of a large crowd, which included two school boys named Janies Holmes and John M. McQuade, on the land at the back of Windsor Court house. A confession, made on her death bed by Black's widow, exonerated the executed man, for si fe ad mitted that she had accidently fired th« ilack, 