THE WOMAN WITH THE HOOD. BY L. T. MEADE, Author of "The Medicine Lad} - ," "Stories from the Diary of a Dactor," " Dr. Bunisey's Patient " &c.;, &c.; It was late in the October of a certain year wheu I was asked to become locum lenem1 to a country practitioner m one of the midland counties. He ivas taken ill and obliged to leave home hastily, I therefore entered on my duties without having any indication of the sort of patients whom I was to visit. I was a youug man at the time, aud a great enthusiast with regard, to the modical profession. I believed in personal influence and the magnetism of a strong personality as being all-" conductive to the furtherance of the curative art. I had no experience, however, to guide me with regard to country patients, my work hitherto having been amongst the largo population of a manufacturing town. On the very , night of my arrival my first experience as a country doctor began. I had just got into bed, and was dozing off into a sound sleep, when the night bell which hung in my room rang pretty sharply. 1 jumped up and went to the tube, calling down to ask what was the matter. " Are you tho new doctor?" asked the voiee. " Yes; my name is Bruce. Who wants me?" "Mrs. Frayling, of Garth Hall. Tho young lady is very bad. I have got a trap here; how soon can you be ready ?" " I11 a couple of minutes," I answered. I hastily got into my clothes, and in less than live minutes had mounted beside a roughlooking man, into a high gig. He touched his horse, who bounded oif at groat speed, and I found myself rattling through the country in tho dead of night. " How far oif is the Hall?" I asked. " A matter of two miles," was the reply. " Do you know anything of tho nature of the >ouug ladv's illness?'' " Yes, I do; it's the old thing." " Cau you not enlighten mo?" I asked, seeing that the man had shut up his lips and employed himself flicking his horse with his long whip. The beast flew on faster and faster, the man turned and fixed his eyes full uoon me in the moonlight. "They'll tell you when you get there," he eaid. " All I can say is that you will do no good—no one can—tlio matter ain't in our province. We are turning into tho avenue now; you will soon know for yourself." We dashed down a iong avenue, and drew up in a couple of moments at a door sheltered by a big porch. I saw a tall lady in evening dress standing in the brightly lighted hall within. "Have you brought the doctor, Thompson?" I heard her say to the man who bad driven me. "Yes, ma'am," was the reply. "The new doctor—Dr. iirucs."' " Oil! Then Dr. Mackenzie has really left?" " He left this morning, ma'am. I told you so." "Come this way. Dr. Bruce." she said. "I am sorry to have troubled you." She led mo as she spoke across the hall and into a drawing-room of lofty dimensions, beautifully furnished in modern style. It was now between one aud two in the morning, but the whole house was lit up as if the night were several hours younger. Mrs. Frayling wore a black evening dress low to the ucck and with demi-sieevos. She had dark eyes and a beautiful kindly face. It looked haggard now and alarmed. "Thefact is," she srdd, "I have sent for you on a most extraordinary mission. I do not know that E should have troubled a strange doctor, but I hoped that Dr. Mackenzie had not yet left." "He left this morning,"'I said. "He was very ill; a case of nervous breakdown. He could not even wait to give me instructions with regard to my patients." "Ah, yes," fche said, averting her eyes from mine as she spoke. " Our doctor used to be as hale a man as could bu found in the country round. Nervous breakdown ; I think I understand. I iiope. Dr. Bruce, that you aro not troubled with nerves." " Certainly not," I answered. "As far as I am concerned they don't exist. Now what can I do for you, Mrs. Frayling?" " I want you to see my daughter—I want you to try and quiet her terrors. Dr. Mackenzie used to be able to do so; but of late " " Her terrors!'' I said. " I must ask you to exp'ain further." " I am going to do so. My daughter Lucy —sho is my only child—is sorely troubled by the appearance of an apparition." I could scarcely forbear from smiling. " Your daughter wants change," I said— "change of scene and air." " That is the queer thing," said Mrs. Frayling. " She will not take change—nothing will induce her to leave Garth Hall; and yet living here is slowly but Burely bringing her to her grave or to a worse fate—that of a lunatic asylum. She went to bed to-night as usual, but- an hour afterwards I was awakened 1\. hy her screams. I ran to her room, and found her sitting up in bed trembling violently. 1 Her eyes were fixed on a certain part ot tho room; they were wide open, and had a look of the most horrified agouy in them which I have never seen in the human face. She did not see me when 1 went into the room, but when I touched her hand she clasped it tightly. "' Tell her to go away, mother,' she said, ' she won't stir for me; I cannot speak to her, I have not courage, and she is waiting for me to speak; tell her to go away, mother—tell her to cease to trouble me—tell her to go.' "I could see nothing. Dr. Bruce, but she continued to stare just towards the foot of her bed, and described the terrible thing which was troubling her. "'Can't you see her yourself?' she said. ' She is a dead woman, and she comes here night after night—sue her yellow face—oh, mother, tell her to go—tell her to go!' " I did what I could for my poor child, but no words of mine could soothe or reassure her. The room was bright with firelight, and there were several candles burning—I could not sec a soul. At last the poor girl fainted off with terror. I then sent a messenger for Dr. Mackenzie. She lies now moaning in her bed, our old nurse is sitting with her. She is terribly weak, and drops of agony are standing ou her forehead. ijhe cannot long continue this awful strain." "It must bs a case of delusion," I said. " You say you saw nothing in the room?" "Nothing; but it is only right to tell you that this house is haunted." I smiled, and tidgetted in my chair. "Ah! I know," said Mrs. Frayling, "that you naturally do not believe in ghosts and up paritions, but perhaps you would change your mind if you lived long at Garth Hall. 1 have lived here for the last twelve years, and can certainly testify to the fact of having heard most unaccountable sounds, but I have never seen anything.. My daughter, Lucy, has been educated abroad, and did not come to Garth Hall to live until three months ago; it was soon after this that the apparition began to appear to her. Now it is her nightly torment, and it is simply killing her, aud yet she refuses to go. Every day she savs to me, ' I know, mother, that that awful spirit is in fearful trouble, and perhaps to-night I may have the courage to speak to it,'but night after night much the same thing takes place; the poor child endures the agony until she faints right off, and each day her nerves are weaker and her whole strength more completely shattered." " Well, I will go up now and see the patient," I said. "It is of course nothing whatever but a case of strong delusion, and against her will, Sirs. Frayling, it is your duty to remove your daughter from tho house immediately." "You will tell a different story after you have seen her," said the mother. She rose as she spoke and conducted me up some shallow bright-looking stairs. She then led me into a large bedroom on the first landing. The fire birt-ned brightly in the grate, and four or five candles stood about in different directions. Their light fell full upon the form of a very young and extremely beautiful girl. Her face was as white as the pillow on which it rested; her eyes were shut, and the dark fringe of her long eyelashes rested on her checks; her hair was tossed over the pillow; her hands, thin to emaciation, lay outside the coverlet; now and then her fingers worked convulsively. Bending gently forward I took her wrist between my finger and thumb. The pulse was very faint and slow. As I was feeling it she opened her eyes. "Who are you?" she asked looking at me without any alarm, and with only a very languid curiosity in her tone. '' I am the now doctor who has come in Dr. Mackenzie's place," I answered. " My name is Bruce." bhe gave me just a ghost of a smile. "Mine is not a case for the doctor," she said. "Has mother told you what troubles me?" "Yes," I answered. "You are very nervons aud must not be alone. I will sit with you for a little." " It makes no difference whether you are here or not," she said. "She will come back in about an hour. You may or may not see her. She will certainly come, and then my awful terrors will begin again." "Well, wo will wait for her together," I said, as choerfully as I could. I moved a chair forward as I spoke, and sat down by tho bedside. Miss Frayling shut her eyes with a little impatient gesture. I motioned to Mrs. Frayling to seat herstjf not far away; and going deliberately to some of the candles put- them out. The light no longer fell strongly on tho bed—tho patient was in shadow. I hoped she might fall into really deep slumber and not awaken till the morning light had banished ghostly terrors. She certainly seemed to have sunk into gentle and calm sleep; the expression of her face seemed to smooth out, her brow was no longer corrugated with anxious wrinkles—gentle smiles played about her lips. She looked like the child she was. I guessed as I watched her that her years could not number more than seventeun or eighteen. " She is better," said Mrs. Frayling. "She may not have another attack to-night." As she spoke she rose, and telling mo nbe would return in a few minutes, left the room. Sho and I were the only watchers by the sick girl, the servants having retired to bed. Mrs. Frayling went to fetch something. She bad scarcely done so before I was consciouB of a complete change in the aspect of the room-— it had felt home-like, warm, and comfortable up to this moment; now I was distinctly conscious of a sense of chill. I could not account for my sensations, but most undoubtedly my heart began to beat more quickly than was quite agreeable; I felt a creeping sensation down my back—the oold seemed to grow greater. I asid to myself " The fire want* replenish* ing," but I had an unaccountable aversion to stirring; I did not even want to turn my head. At the same moment Miss Frayling, who had been sleeping so peacefully, began evidently to dream. Her face worked with agitation; she suddenly opened her eyes and uttered a sharp, piercingcry. " Keep her back," she said, flinging out bet arms, as if she wanted to push something from her. I started up instantly, and went to the bedside. At this moment Mrs. Frayling came into tho room. The moment she did so the sense of chill and unaccountable horror left me; the room became once more warm and home-like. I looked at the fire, it was piled up high in the grate and was burning merrily. Miss Frayling, however, did not share my pleasanter sensations. "I said she would come back," she exclaimed, pointing with her finger to the foot ot the bed. I looked in that direction but oould see nothing. " Can't you see her? Oh, I wish you could sec her." she cried. '' She stands there at the foot of the bed; ehe wears a hood, and her face is yellow. She has been dead a long time, and I know ehe wants to say something. I cannot speak to her. Oh, tell her to go away; tell her to go away." "Shut your eyes, Hiss Frayling; do not look," I said. Then I turned and boldly faced tho empty space where the excited girl had seen the apparition. " Whoever you are, leave us now, "I said in an authoritative voice. "We are not prepared for 30U to- night. Leave us now." To my surprise Miss Frayling gave a gleeful laugh. " Why, she has gone," she exclaimed in a voice of relief. " She walked out of thedotjr —1 saw her go. I don't believe she will ootae back at present. How queer! Then you did seo her. Dr. Bruce?" " No," I answered; "I saw nothing." "But she heard you; she nodded her head once and then went. She will come back again, of course; but perhaps not to-night. I don't feel frightened any longer. I believe I shall sleep." bhe snuggled down under the bedclothes. "Have some of this bscf-tea, Lucy," eaid her mother, bringing a cup up to the bedside. It was steaming hot, she had gone away to warm it. "Yes, I feel faint and hungry," replied the girl; sho raised her pretty head and allowed her mother to feed and pet her. "I am much better, she said. "I know she won't come back again to-night; you need not stay with mo any longer, Dr. Bruce." " I will stay with her, doctor; you must lie down in another room," said the mother. I consented to go as far as the ante-room. There was a comfortable sofa there, and I had scarcely laid my head upon it before I fell into a sound slumber. When I awakened it was brood daylight aud Mrs. Frayling was standing over me. "Lucy is much better and is getting up," she said. "She looks almost herself. What an extraordinary effect your words had, Dr, Bruce." " They came as a sort of inspiration," I Baid ; " I did not mean them to be anythingspecial." "Theuyou do not believe that shb really saw the apparition?" "Certainly not; her brain is very much excited aud overwrought. You ought to take her away to-day." "That is the queer thing," said Mrs. Frayling, " I told you that ehe would not consent to leave the houso, believing, poor child, that her mission was to try and comfort this awful ghost, in case sho could summon courage to speak to it. She told me this morning, however, that she was quite willing to go, and suggested that we should sleep at the Metropole in town to-night." "The best thing possible." I said. "Take her away immediately. Give her plenty ol occupation snd variety, and let her see heaps of chcerful people. She will doubtless soon get over her terrors." " It is very strange," repeated Mrs. Frayling. "Her attitude of mind seems completely altered. She wishes to see you for a moment before you leave us. I will meet you in the breakfast-room in a quarter of an hour, Dr. Bruce." t. I made a hasty toilet and followed Mrs. Frayling dowoFtairs. We ate breakfast almost in silence, and just before the meal was over Miss Frayling made her appearan^. She was a very slightly built girl, tall and graceful as a reed. She came straight up to me. *' I don't know how to thank you," she said, holding out her hand. "Why?" I asked in astonishment. "Iam glad I was able to relieve you, but I am rather puzzled to know what great thing I really did." "Why, don't you know?" she answered. "Can't you guess? She will come to yon now. I don't believe she will trouble me any more." " Well, I am stronger to receive her than you are." I said, smiling and ttying to humour the girl's fancy. Soon afterwards I took my leave, and returned to Dr. Mackenzie's house. I«pent the day without anything special opcurring; and in the evening, being dead tired, went to bed as usual. Dr. Mackenzie's house was an essentially modern one. Anything less ghostly than the squarely-built cheerful rooms oould scarcely be imagined. I was alone in the house with the exception of his servants. X went to bod, and had scarcely laid my head on the pillow before I was sound asleep. I was suddenly awakened out of my first slumbers by some one calling to me though tho speak* ing-tube. "Yes, I will oome immediately," I answered. I sprang out of bed and applied my ear to the tub* "You are wanted at Garth Hall, "said the Voice. " But surely there is no one in there tofcight?" I said. "•You are wanted immediately. Come without delay," was the reply. "I will be with you in a minute," I answered. I felt almost annoyed, but there was 110 help for it. I hurried into my clothes and went downstairs. " How very silly of Mrs. Frayling not to have taken herdaughter away—shall 1 have to go through a repetition of last night's scene over agaiu?" I thought. I opened the hall door expecting to see a horse and (rift and the man who had driven me the night before. To my astonishment there was not a soul in sight. What can this mean?" I said to myself. " Has the messenger been careless enough not to bring a trap—it will be very troublesome it I have to get my own horse out at this hour— wherecau the man be?" I lookod to right and left—tho night was a moonlit one—there was not a soul in sight. Very much provoked, but never for a moment doubting that I was really summoned, I went off to the stables, saddled Dr. Mackenzie's horse Rover, and mounting, rode off to Gurth Hall. The hour was quite late, between twelve and one o'clock. _ When I drew up at the door the bouse was in total darkness. "Whatcan this meau?" I Baid to myself. I rang a bell fiercely, and after a long time a servant put her head out of an open window. " Who is there?" she asked. "I—Dr. Bruce," I cried. "I have been Beat for in a hurry to see Miss Fray ling." " Good Lord!" I heard the woman exclaim. Wait a minute, sir, and I will come down to you, "she shouted. In a couple oftninutes the great ball door was unchained and unlocked, and a respectable middle-aged woman stood on 4 the steps. " Miss Fray ling has gone to London "With her mother, sir," she said. "You are quite certain you were sent for?" "Quite," I answered. "Your man—the man who came last night—." " IFot Thompson!" she cried. • " Yes, the same man called fer me through the speaking tube to come here at once—he said Miss Frayling was ill, and wanted me." "It must have been a hoax, sir," said the housekeeper; but I noticed a troubled and perplexed look on her face. "I am very sorry indeed, but Miss .Frayling is not hare— we do not expect the ladies back for some weeks," she added. "Iam sorry I troubled you," I answered; I turned my horse's head and went home again. The next day I set enquiries on foot with regard to the hoax which had been played upon me. Whoever had done the trick, no one was ready to own to it, and I noticed that the servants looked mysterious and nodded their heads when I said it was to Garth Hall I had been summoned. . The next night the same thing occurred. My night bell was rung and a voice shouted to me through the speaking-tube to come immediately to Garth HaU. I took no notice whatever of .the trick, but determined to lay a trap fot the impertinent intruder on my repose for the following night. I had a very savage dog, and I tied him outside the house. My housekeeper also agreed to sit up. Between twelve «nd one o'clock I was called again. I flew to mv window and looked out. There was not a soul in sight, but a queer sense of indescribable chill and unaccountable honor took sudden possession of. me.. The dog was crouching down on the ground with his face hidden in his paws; he was moaning feebly. I dressed, went downstairs, unchained him, and brought him up to my room. He crept on to my bed and lay there trembling; I will own to the fact that his master shared the unaccountable horror? What was the matter? 1° dared not answer this qnestion even to myself. Mrs. Marks, my housekeeper, looked very solemn and grave the next morning. "Sir," she said, when she tnrought in breakfast, " if I were you, I would go away from here. There is something very queer at the Hall, and it seems to me—but there, I cannot speak of it." V "There are some things best not spoken of," I said shortly. " Whoever is playing me a hoax has not chosen to reveal himself or herself. We can best tire the unlucky individual out by taking no notice." "Yes, sir; perhaps that is best. Now I have got some news for vou." " What is that?" I asked. "Mrs. and Miss Fray ling returned to the Hall this morning." " This morning I" I exclaimed in astonishment ; "but it is not yet nine o'clock." "True, sir; but early as the hour is they passed this house not half an hour ago in the closed brougham. Miss Frayling looked very white, and the good lady,' her mother, full of anxiety. I caught a glimpse of them as I was cleaning the steps. I doubt not, sir, but you will be summoned to the Hall to-day." " Perhaps so," I answered briefly. Mrs. Marks looked at me as if she would say -..something:.further but refrained, and to my ^relief soon afterwards left me alone. I finished my breakfast and went out about my daily rounds. I do not think myself destitute of pluck, but I cannot pretend that I liked the present position. What was the mystery? What horrible dark joke was being played ? With my healthy bringing-np I could not - really ascribe the thing to supernatural agency. A trick there was of coarse. I vowed that X would find it out before I was much older; but then I remembered the chill and the terror which had assailed me when sittifcg up with Miss Fravling. The same chill and . terror had come over me when I suddenly opened my window the night before. "The best thing I can do is not to think of this," I commented, and then I .absorbed myself with my patients. Nothing occurred of any moment this day, nor was I summoned to attend, the ladies at Garth Hall. About 10 o'clock that night I had to go out to attend a'farmer's wife who was suddenly taken ill. I sat with her for a little time and did not return till about halfpast 11\. I then went straight up to my roam .and went to bed. I had. scarcely fallen into my first slumber when I was aroused by the sharp ringing of my night belL I felt inclined for a moment not to pay the least atten tion to it, but as it rang with a quick imperative sound, I got up, more from force of habit than anything else, and calling through the speaking-tube, applied my ear to it. " Dr. Bruce, will you come at once to Garth Hall?" called a voice. \ "No; I will not," I called back in reply. There was a pause below, evidently of astonishment—and the voice called again. "I don't think you quite understand, sir. Mrs. Frayling wants you to visit Miss Frayling immediately; the young lady is very illl" I was about to put the cap on the tube and return to my bed when I distinctly heard the crunch of wheels beneath my window and the pawing of an impatient horse. I crossed the room, threw open the window, and looked out. A horse and trig were now standing under the window, and the man, Thompson, who had summoned me on the first night, was staring up at me. v " For God's sake, come, sir," he said. "The young lady is mbrtal bad." l "I will be with you in a minute," I said. I t dressed myself, trembling. o Tr. an incredibly short space of time Thompson and I arrived at the HalL Through our entire drive the man never spoke, but when we drew up at the great porch he uttered a heavy sigh of relief and muttered the words— "The devil is in this business. I don't pretend to understand it." ^ I looked at him, but resolved to take no notice of his queer remark. Airs. Frayling met me on the steps. "Come in at once," she said. She took both my hands in hers and drew me into the house. We entered her cheerful drawing-room. The poor lady's face was ghastly, her eyes full not only of trouble, but of horror. "Now, Dr. Bruce," she said, "you must do your best." " In what way?" I said. "I fear my poor girl is mad. Unless you can manage to relieve her mind, she certainly will be by morning." "Tell me what has happened since I last Baw you, as briefly as possible," I said. "I will do so," she replied. "Acting your instructions Lucy and I went to the MetrtS'pole. She was quite happy on the first day, but in the middle of the night grew very much disturbed. She and I were sleeping together. She awakened me and told me that the apparition at Garth Hall was pulling her —that the woman in the hood was imperatively demandingher presence." ' I know what has happened,' said Lucy, * Dr. Bruce has refused to lielp her. She lias gone to him but he won't respond to her efforts to bring him on the scene. How ciuel he is'." I soothed the poor child as best I could, and towards morning she dropped off to asleep. The next night she was in a still greater state of terror, again assuring me that the lady in the hood was drawing her, and that you, Dr. Bruce, were turning a deaf ear to her entreaties. On the third night she bccame almost frantic. " I must fro back." she said. "My spirit is being torn out of my bociy. If I am not back at Garth Hall' early in the morning I shall die." " Her distress and horror were so extreme that I had to humour iicr. We took the very earliest train from London, and arrived ac the Hall at nine o'clock. During the day Lucy was gentle and subdued ; she seemed relieved at being back again, told me that she would fro early to bed and that she hoped that she might have a good night. About an hour apo heard her screaming violently, and, rushing to her room, found her in almost a state of collapse from horror—she kept pointing in a certain direction, but could not speak. I sent Thompson off in a hurry for you. As soon as ever I said I would do so she bccame a little better, and said she would dress herself. It is her intention now to ask you to spend the night with us. and if possible speak again to the horrible thing which is driving my child into a madhouse." " I will tell you something strange," I said, when Mrs. Frayling paused, "I was un doubtedly called during the last three nights. A voice shouted through my speaking-tube, desiring me to come to Garth HaU. On the first night I went, feeling sure that I was really summoned; since then I have believed it was a hoax." "Oh, this is awful," said Mrs. Frayling, tremoling excessively; she turned and asked me to follow her upstairs. We entered the same spacious and cheerful bedroom; Lucy Frayling was now paoing up and down in front ot the fireplace; she did not notice either of ua when we came in, the expression on her face was almost that of an insane person. The pupils of her eyes were widely dilated. . "Lucy," said her mother, "nere is Dr. Bruce." ' . She paused when my name was mentioned and dark looked with anger—she at me fixedly. clenched Her her hand. eyes gfe" "You were faithless," she said; "she wanted you, and you would not accept the burden; you told me when last I saw you that you were glad she had turned to you, for you are stronger tnan me, but you are a coward." " Come, come," I said trying to speak cheerfully. "I am here now, and will do anything you wish." " I will prove you," said Hiss Frayling, in an eager voice;""she will come again presently; when she comes will you speak to her!" "Certainly,"Ireplied; "but, remember, 1 may not see her." " I will tell you when she appears; I will point with my hand—i may not have power to utter words—but I will point to where she stands. When I do, speak to her; ask her why she troubles us—promise—you spoke once, speak again." " I promise,"! replied, and my voice sounded solemn and intense. Miss Frayling heaved a deep sigh of relief; she went and stood by the mantelpiece with her back to the fire. I sat down on the nearest chair, and Mrs. Frayling followed my example. The clock .ticked loudly on the mantelpiece, the candles burned with a steady gleam, the tire threw out cheerful flames, all was silent in the chamber. ' There was not a stir, not a sound. The minutes flew on. Miss Frayling stood as quiet as if she were turned into stone; suddenly she spoke. "There is an adverse influence here," she said. "Mother, will you go into the anteroom. Yon can leave the door open, but will you stay in the aute-room for a little?" Mrs. Frayling glanced at. mo; I nodded to her to comply. She left the room, going into a pretty little boudoir out of which the bedroom opened. I could see her from where I sat. Lucy now slightly altered her position. I saw that her eyes were fixed m the direction of another door, which opened from the outside corridor into the room. I tried to speak, to say something cheerful, but she held up her finger to stop me. "She is coming,"she said in a stifled voice. I feel the first stirring of the indescribable agony which always heralds her approach. Oh, my God, help me to endure. Was ever girl tortured as I am before?" She wrung her slight hands, her brows were knit, I saw the perspiration standing in great drops on her brow. I thought she would faint, and was about to rise to administer some restorative, when in the far distance I distinctly heard a sound.; it was the sound of a woman's footsteps. It came along, softly tapping on the floor as it came; I heard the swish of a dress, the sound: came nearer, the handle of the door was turned, I started and looked round. I did not see anybody, but immediately the room was filled with that sense of cold and chill which I had twice before experienced. My heart beat to suffocation, I felt my topgue cleave to the roof of my mouth, I was so overpowered by my own sensations that I had no time to watch Miss Frayling. Suddenly I heard her utter a low groan. I made a violent effort and turned my face in her direction. The poor girl was staring straight before her as if she were turned into stone. Her eyes were fixed in the direction of the door. She raised her hand slowly and tremblingly, and pointed in the direction where her eyes were fixed. 1 looked across the room. Was t fancy, or was X conscious of a faint blue mist where no mist ought to be? I am not certain on that point, but I know at the same moment the horror which had almost overbalanced my reason suddenly left ipe. I found my voice. v "What do you want?" I said. "Why do you trouble us? What is the matter?" The words had scarcely passed my lips before Miss Frayling's face underwent a queer change; she was also relieved from the agony of terror which was overmastering her. "She is beckoning," she said; "come quickly." She sprang across the room as she spoke, and seized a candle. Come at once," she said in a breathless '"she is beokoning—come." Miss Frayling ran out of the room; I followed her. and Mrs. Frayling who had come the door while this strange scene was going accompanied us. Miss Frayhng still taking the lead, we went downstairs. The whole house was full of strange unaccountable chill. We entered the upper hall, and then turning to our left, went down some steep stairs which led into a cellar. Where are we going now?" asked Mrs. Frayling. "Come on. mother, come on, called Lucy, She will tell us what to do." We turned at the foot of the stairs into a low arched room with one tiny window. There was a heavy buttress of wall here which bulged out in an unaccountable manner. The moment we entered this room, Lucy turned and faced us. She has gone in there," she said—"right into the walL" "Well," I said, "now that we have followed her, let us go back—it is very cold in the cellar." Miss Frayling laughed hysterically. " Do you think," she said, " that I will go back now. Wo must have this wall opened— can you do it. Dr. Bruce? Can you do it now, this moment? Mother, are there tools any where?" "Not now, dear, not to-niglit," said the mother. Yet, to-night, this moment,'' exclaimed the girl. "Let Thompson be called—we have not a moment to lose. She went in right through this wall and smiled at me as she went. Poor, poor ghost! I believe her sad wanderings are nearly over." "What are we to do?" said Mrs. Frayling?" turning to me. "We will open the wall at once," I said; "it will not be difficult to remove a few bricks. If you will kindly tell me where Mr- Thompson is I will fetch him." "So; I will go for him myself," said Mrs. Frayling. She left the cellar, returning in the space of a few minutes with the man. He brought a crowbar and other tools with him. He and I quickly removed some bricks. As soon as we had done so wo found an empty space inside into which wo could thrust our hands. We made it a little larger and then were able to insert a candle. Lying on the iioor within this space was a human skeleton. I cried out at the awfui discovery we had made, but Miss Frayling showed neither surprise nor terror. " Poor ghost!" repeated the girl; " she will rest now. It was worth all this fearful suffering to bring her rest at last." The discovery of the skeleton was the topic of the neighbourhood. It was given Christian burial in duo course, and from that hour io this the ghost at Garth Hall has never appeared. I cannot pretend to account for this story in any way—no one has ever found out why those lnimr.n bones were built into the old wall. The whole thing is queer and unaccountable, a phenomenon which will not be explained on this side of Eternity. (THE END.} 