CORRESPONDENCE. I$ MOLE CREEK TO THE WEST. A PRACTICAL ROUTE SECURED. THE MURCHISON CROSSED. MR. INNES REPLIES TO "THE TRAMP." (To the Editor.) Sir,-In the "'Tasmanian Mail" published on January 16, 1897, under the heading of the "Traveller from North-west to West," I notice a letter from Mr. D. D. Griffin 're' the route from Mole Creek to Mount Black, over which 1 have been for some time engaged making a road. As Mr. Grifllin apparently thinks he knows so much about this part of the country, and has rushed into print be- fore making himself acquainted with the work that is being done, and the instructions concerning the same, perhaps you will kindly grant me space for a reply. in the first place, Mr. G. blows his own trumpet, and states that in 1894 he took two loaded pack horses from Gad's Hill sta- tion to Barn Bluff in two days (a very won- dorful feat, as I shall presently show), at the same time pointing out that "after two months 1 had reached about the same posi- tion with the road line." In order to take his pack horses there, he states that he followed an old familiar route along the table laud upon the top of Gad's Hill for twenty-five miles, and then followed a well-graded, well cleared pack track around Mount Polion to Barn Bljuff. He further goes on to explain that the track from Barn Bluff to Granite Tor can be got by takting a very much zig- zag course, and finally has the courage to say that neither man nor devil will ever find a practical track, let alone a road, to iMount Reid. (Mount Black is in the same vicinity as Mount Reid, and there is a pack tracki con- nectling the two.) Ile also states that up to the present Mr. Innes has only followed a very old and familiar route to Barn Bluff, and has now reached the dillfiult part of his journey, and informs us that "lie knows more about the country between Chudloigh and the West Coast from personal observation than any man living.' Now, sir, is to his taking two loaded pack horses from Gad's Hill to Barn Bluff, there is nothing at all wonderful in thlis, as the same feat of taking a couple of loaded horses a distance of thirty-five miles over a toler- abl open country is nothing out of the com 1eon, as it is a w\ell-known fileact that an active pack horse, in good hands, can be got to scramble over it patch of country that is utterly unsuitable for a line of road, or even a decent pack track. For Instance, 1 feel quite safe in saying that Mr. Win. Aylett, who has been packilng for my parly, will take at pair of loaded horses from Mole Creek, not only to Barn Lluff, but to my old caomp upon Granite Tor, and thence along the tol of that mountaii to its northern end, and do the whole journey in three days; but that no iuan, surveyor or otherwise, with i grl'ai of coulmoi sense would say that the line he would take to get his horses there was suit- able for a road, or even a pack track. As I had the pleasure of traversing the route so familiar to Mr. Griflin for the express pur- ipose of taking observations along it, I will give you a short description of it, and my observations upon the same. It leaves Gad's Hill about the same place as the line I have marked, and follows the tableland, upon the top of the hill for some distance; for the first four or five smiles the grades are decent, but even these none too good considering the country over which it passes. Then there is a break in the shape of a quartzite spur crossing the route, over which the old track climbs at quite a gradient of about one foot in six, but as my instructions from my chief say that the grades upon the new line are not to exceed one in 10, I took the new line over the obstacle as a grade of one in thirteen. After crossing this spur and running level for about a quarter of a mile the old route takes another little jumlp, and rises on to the borders of the Emu Plains at about the same grade as the former, viz., one in six; the new line gradient, one in 13. From tills point the old route runs nearly level through lightly timbered country until the Berridale Plain Is reached and crossed, and the new line keeps crossing and re- crossing the old track until the northern side of the Berridale Plain is touched. At this point the two -lines separate, and are not in the same vicinity for some miles, when they again meet. After crossing the Berridale Plain,the route so familiar to Mr. Griffin bears away to the west, then north- west, then north for a short distance, back again to west, and finally lands you upon a ridge of partly open country, charted as the Mac kenzio Plain, or better known to Mr. H. Stanley, of Gad's H1111, as "The Febbuarrys" (I believe that is the correct spelling). This- forms the dividing ridge between the waters flowing into the rivers Forth and Mersey, and is broken into all sorts of shapes by ravines and bog holes, but it is quite practi- cable to take pack horses along it in the sum- mner time; in the winter it would be anything but a nice place, as it is exposed to the four winds of heaven. As the point at which Mr. Grilffin's track comues out on "The Feb- buarrys" is nearly 700ft. above the spot where it crosses the Berridale Plains, and in some places the grades vary fron one in six to one in four over a mass of Ironstone rock, I thought it advisable to see if something bet- ter could not be found, especially seeing that mny general course to Mount Pelion East lay about south by west, and the old route was turning away north and north-west, only to turn soutll again after the ridge was reached. Accordingly I struck off oni a new linle, and when Mr. G. again traverses the Macken- zie he will probably see the marked line does not touchl the oild track until within about five miles of the south end of the ridge be- fore mentioned, which Is here called the Oak leigllh Itange. Flroml thlls Ioint the two tracks are again together for a couple of miles, when they agaiin part. Following along the old route to the south end of the Oakleigh Ilanlge I came to the track said to hlave been cleared out by the Mole Creek to Zeclhan rail- way party, and which Mr. G. describes in his letter as "being well cleared and splendidly graded." On reaching the south end of the range I enquired which way this led, asd Mr. Russell pointed out where it disappeared over the side of the mountain, remarking, at the same timle, that he felt doubtful as to whletlher I could get down tllhlere. llaving looked, I candmidly gave hins as imy opinion that as far us the getting down welnt thllere was not mnuch difficulty, but, like 'Paddy, "thle stop at the bottom was the ob- jection," and provided that difliculty was got over, then there was the getting back again. However, down we did go, and I found by iisy aneroid that in about 10 chains distance we had made a descent of about 250Oft. This, minid you, was along thlat "well graded alnd well cleared pack track" nlentioned by Mr. Grimn, the said clearing consisting of some one having cut away a bit of scrub here and there, leaving the logs, etc., the whole being well dotted with basalt boulders, over and aroulld wllich lhorse and man must stumble along. 'This sort of thing continues more or less along the old track until the flat country near Lake Ayr is reached, when you are landed in a bog hole, in which, until my party timbered it to enable our packer to get his horses over, horses would sink to their bellies If they were not very carefully handled. In the vicinity of the lake the old track winds hither and thither through the timber until the old camp of the railway party is reached at Mount Pelion East. The new line leaves the old one about 2½ miles north from the south end of the Oakleigh Range, and descends into the flats near the lake at gradients varying from one in 15 to one in 30, according to the country passed over, and then runs practically straight over al- most level country until Pelion East is reached. From the ford on the Forth river near Pellon East to Mount Pellon West the old and new line are still apart, for the simple reason that where any surveyor mark- ing out a line of road can get fairly straight lines for considerable distances, and gradients varying from one in 13 to one in 30, he would display a very small amount of in- telligence were he to accept a track over the same route on whicli the grades are as high as one in six, and which winds here and there merely to avoid clumps of timber; such is the case with the old track hereabouts. At the foot of Mount Pelion West the old track crosses another branch of the river Forth, runs across a boggy flat, and then commences to ascend the mountain, and in about one mile from the plain mentioned has gained an altitude of about 700ft. above that plain. This will speak for itself, and is a "splendidly graded track," as IMr. Aylett can testify to his cost, one of his horses having had the misfortune to fall back and break its hip when essaying the feat of climbing along it upon a recent trip to my party with provisions. The new line passes the same mountain at a. uniform gradient of one in 20 (one foot ill 20), rather a slight difference. From Pelion Saddle to Lake Will, near Barn Bluff, the new line is scarcely ever upon the old track for the same reason, viz., that the old one has been run along and made use of without any regard to grades, so long as a horse could manage to get along with his load. Near Barn Bluff the two lines are a considerable distance apart. From Polion West upon the new linle the steepest grade is one in 12, whereas upon the old route it is one in five. Leaving Lake Will, near it 13arn 1luff, the new line is marked and graded to Granite Tor without many of the zig-zag lines Mr. G. says would be required, with good easy grades. It was upon Granite Tor, according to Mr. G., thlat "Paddy had his nlghlmare ill the daytime," and I pre- srnme at about the salme spot as my line crosses. Possibly it was the ghost of the de- funct pack horse Forest King, which Mr. G. adnlits having brought so successfully to larn Bluff, but failed to get him away again alive, that was troubling Mr. G. and his henlchman, and from herenbouts he viewed tie country to the west, in which ihe states old Mother Nature expired in a fit of convul- slons, and through which, he emphatically declares, neltller m1an nor devil can1 lay out Ia practicable track. Now, Sir, this is all very well to thus boldly state the old lady died of convulsions, but he does not attempt to explain the cause of her having those fits, so it is as well you should have both sides of the story. Rumour says: Some few years ago a certain Mr. D. D. Griffin 1madtle an attempt to cross this terrible piece of country and lost his bearings, becoming completely bothered ill its seemingly inter- minable creeks and gullies, and that old it lame Nature became so highly amused at the frantic struggles of poor Dan to extri- cate hlimself, that she wont into convulsions of laughter, and ended her existence by split ting hler sides, whlich was the cause of her death.l I is qulle true shell did leave some terrible wrinkles upon her face, but at the same time she did not forget Iler children who were to come after, ill the shape of the present party, and left a very lpractical route for either a road or a rail, where Mr. G. so confidently asserts neither man1 nor devil can find one. As to Ills knowing more about lthe country between Chudlelgh and the west thatn tany man living, he mnry, and le may not. I aml inclined to believe the latter, as 1 believe therle are mlen to be found who have forgotten as much as ever he know about the same. As soon as I can get my plan and re- ports in to lIly clhief, possibly Mr. G. may be enlightened as to what I refer. All I can say at present is tllat there is a practicable route from Mole Creek to the West Coast. The present party have got it, and when I return I shall prove the same. As for my going into rhapsodies over the flowers and natural beauties of the country as far as Barn Bluff, I fall to see why Mr. G. should object to that. Seeing that I have had some 28 years in the field at my profes- sion, nine-tenths of which have been spent in knocking about some of the roughest, as well as the most beautiful, portions of Tas- mania, and a portion of the remainder of that time being spent in some of the most beautiful parts of Maori, or Wonderland, as New Zealand is often called, I think I can fairly claim the right to have a say in the matter, even to the extent of differing with Mr. Griffin; and I have no hesitation in still saying that it ranks with the most beautiful of the beautiful portions of our island home, and when once a good track is opened for traffic, and suitable places of accommodation erected, that it will become a favourite re- sort for tourists. It is all very well for Mr. G. to point out a duck pond like Lake Lea as the Killarney of Tasmania, but others may say tills is only blarney in favour of the wonderful Mayday route. If ihe really thinks such is the case I pity hils lamentable ignor- ance upon such matters, and should advise him to travel througil Tasmania again before ihe arrives at such a decision. Before I close, a few more lines. I notice itl another letter or extract from one pub- lislled ill the same paper that Mr. G. states tllat one of his 1horses was taken home over a route on which he found within 500ft. of the summit of the Cradle Mountain. Now, Sir, if such was tie ease (provided that horse was alive at the time), and if 110 is alive at present, 1he never ought to be allowed to knock about the country possibly as only an insignificant old pack horse, but should be exhibited throughout the world as the "chlamipon ravine-jumping, rock-climbing horse of Tasmallia," and as such would bring his lucky owner a considerable income. I an0 quite confident of this, as I and a com- panion had occasion to visit the Cradle Moun- tain, and at considerably over 700ft. below its summnit a large kangaroo dog, which ac- colpanied us, began to show decided symp- toms of disinclination to proceed, and at more thalll 500ft. from the summit lie distinctly re- fused to go anlly further upwards, but lay down and awaited our return. Welln Mr. G. says his 11horse was brought over within 500ft. of thie sumnllt of thle Cradle, he m1ust either have mIlade an error when taking the height, or Ierl'llllaps the illstrulllllcnt ie was using was affected by the samle "nightlllare" as Paddy Iad Ill the daytlime upon the T'lor, for, to say the least, I am very', very doubtful whether any horse could over be induced to risk his neck within 800fSOOt. of the sumnlllit of the Cradle, let alone cross the mou1ntai, unless (as it is quite possible it occurred ill this case, sceing .'dr. C. does not say the horse was alive) that horse was cut into pieces, well salted,i and Ipackeld in a knapsack for future use. Inl reference to the road, Mr. G. lmenlltions inl the vicinity of the northL of Barn Bluff I have seen the country over whichll it wuuld pass, alld feel sure that when T'asmnlllanls returnl to the original stateo under D)arwin's theory, land are abile to use tlheil tails for maklling temllporary bridges, that tihalt line will cume into use. One tliling It is just as well IMr. G. should knlow, Iand tllat is, 1Mr. Innes ias got out of the Sophia Valley withoult the help of the anlgels he referl's to Ill ills last effusion, and Ilhas crossed the Murchlison, and when next he is 0eard of it will In all probability be 10to say that the road is mIarked to the Slit bridge upon the Ringillgvllle road. Before I close, one word of advice to Mr. G. Thlere is an old adage, "Cobbler stick to your last," or eve'c y man to his trade, and altlhough I an1 given to believe Mr'. G. proved a first-class hand at bossing the "upending of sleepers," I fall to see where hie comes inl as an authority upon laying out roads, especially if the road leading from Liena to Gad's 11111, alnd wllich bears his nalme, is a specimen of his ability in that direction. Thanking you In anticipation for publishing this Ilnecessarily long letter,-Yours, etc., E. G. INNES, District Surveyor in charge Mole Creek track party. Survey Calmp, April 6, 1197. 