II. THEIR voices eotiM bo heard 0T0n wlion their forms were no longer disccrnablo to tho dim eyes of grandpapa; who fell again to musing, and talking softly to himself, as old people are apt to do. " Bless them all 1" he said: " life to them is &. succession of gala days; they dream not that ought else may bo in store," and ho began to nod as ho muttered " Better so-better so." Tho venernblo hoad dropt on his breast: ere long he was peaceful ly sleeping; and, as in a mirror, a picture roso to view of a frozen English landscape and a careless lad, sliding on the roads as he returns from school, and narrowly escaping the clutches of a policoman, whioh same policoman must have been different from policomen now-a-days, for ho always seemed to be on the spot when tho lad pitched his school-book up at the street lamps and smashed all tho RIUBH ; or, when ho played pranks on bells and knockers, and drove half tho housemaids in tho neighbovrhood mad with rago. '.That same policoman'B cyo aotunlly followed him to church, but had not half tho horror for him as was suggested by tho m'ght of tho grim, spiteful glanco of tho beadle, whose vindictive looks seemod to challenge him to mischief, oven while ho trembled at the prospect of being clutched and cast into the vaults beneath the churoh. For a little while he paid outward respect to the servico, that is to say, he seemed to be diligently reading tbo prayors, though in reality he had inserted botween the pagos of the prayer-book a tale of hobgoblins and ghosts. Happening, howevor toliavohis atten tion attracted to the knee-breeches and fat legs of one of his father's farm laborers, ho was irresistibly tempted to prick with pins the calves of his legs, until the good-natured follow could no longer res train the start and " Oh, oh 1" whioh doomed his favorite to bo again cast into a crypt, where he was shivering and shaking, until tho view gradually dis solved and another appeared. This time the picture represents the big lad who, having feigned headache that ho need not attend church, is deep in tho mysteries of toffee-making on the sly; ho knows that if ho can but get it made, tho frost outside will soon render it cool enough to bo bidden under his pillow. Then-how delightful tho thought-that should ho wako in tho still hours of tho night, he can indulge in the elegant pastime of toffy-sucking. The view gently moves, panorama-like, and he is seen hunting the pig. The creaturo's tail is out short and well-soaped ; then he is turned amongst this villagers, and whoever catchos him keeps him ns a reward of dexterity. Again tho sceno yrows dim, and thore dawns a reckloss student; ho has been breaking the collego lawB, and is now on tho " sweating carpet'' to an swer for such conduot as getting through his bedroom window at an unconseionablo hour of tho morning. Tho fact is that cupid's dart has pierced him : for months past ho watched with admiring eyes a young girl in olivo green silk pelisse, opened in tho front over a white embroidered dress, white beaver bonnet lined with, rose-colorcd satin, and roso-cotored strings tied.under the chin, (how vivid was the picture!) She had a girlish, prancing way of balancing hcr Bolf on tho curbstone ; and once, alter long-watch ing, ho saw her slip off the frozen, glassy causeway into the gutter ; her ankle was sprained, and ho had tho luxury of helping, half-carrying, her home; where, having once gained admittance, ho took care to establish himself in the good graces of all; and many a Christmas evening did he there spend in simple pastimes such as " mottoes" and " cross purposes." The scene slightly changes, and the unstudious student is in his den, standing over tho fire, perspir ing profusely, and stirring vigorously a blanc mange, for whioh he has a weakness, and has per suaded the fair Frances to give him instructions, so that he can regale himself at will: unfortunately, he seems to imagine that ho must stir it over the fire until it assumes iho orthodox shape in which he has always seen it on tho table. It never occurs to him that it must be poured into a mould to cool; so he stirs away until it is hopelessly burnt, the borrowed pan utterly ruineJ, and ho himself tho col our of a boiled lobster. There is a sound of foot steps at this juncture, and thinking it was a college chum, he cries hoarsely, " By Jove, old fellow I I'd no idea cooking was such confounded hard work." This elicits a merry, astonished laugh, and grand papa suddenly wakens with a start, and rubs his eyes as if expecting to see a rollicking young student, or, may-be the olive-greon pelisse and white beaver coal-scuttle bonnet; inttiad of which there stands a stately old lady with white curls, soft white tulle cap, and rich blaok satin dress, the annual Christ mas gift of tho son, whose carriage is oven now roll ing up to convey them to the family gathering. " Why, grandpapa," she said, " you will bo late. What were you dreaming about ?" " Bless me, Frances I I was going over the old days, when I wore a blue coat and gilt buttons, and you a poke bonnet." So much good had the dream done him that he had dressed almost with tho ala crity of youth, and was soon receiving tho good wishes and hearty welcome oC ohildrcn and grand children, who trooped out into the garden to do honour to the worthy oouplo, and vied with one an other in offers of assistance. One would take grand ma's oapbasket; another brought her flowers ; a third suggested that she should present grandpapa with a "button-hole," and herself fasten it in his coat, which she did with such aptitudo and grace that grandpapa looked down on her fondly, and said "It is not the first time, fair lady, that you have thus adorned your husbandat which tho children clapped their hands, and the elders laughed merrily, for grandpapa's admiration of his doar old wife was patent to all. Hear him turn to aunt Mary, tho old maid of the family, who was claimed as common property by all, and say, "Your mother, my dear, looks charming in her new oap-does Bhe not 1" And ogain to Isabella his eldest grandchild. "You see, Isabella, your grand mama is a woman of common sense, of remarkable common senseto all of which sayings, though they were stock phrases, a respectable attention and hearty acquiescence- were given ; for these young people had had the privilege of dwelling under the shadow of beautiful, honoured old age, and had learnt to pay homage to the hoary head, oven in this, a new country. Meanwhile cousin John had to be called to order, for the children would have to appear at dinner in dishevelled toilets if he allowed them to try who could best get into saoks, and run across the lawn thus shackled. Alroady James had got himself tied in one, and was making most frantic efforts to reach a certain Norfolk pine. Further mischief, too, was apprehended when shouts of laughter proceeded from the summer house, where some young rogue had been endeavour ing to persuade the littlo girls to run races, for which the prize should bo a "smack." Aunt Mary wos only just in time to prevent so glaring a breach of good manners; and threatened most dreadful thing* if cousin John did not behave himself with more propriety ; but ho only laugho'l, and putting his arms round her, waltzed her unearemonious'y round the Norfolk pines, saying, "Let's dance and sing, and make good cheer, For Christmaa coine3 but once a year." Tho children expected aunt Mary would bo terribly angry, but sho only panted for breath, and shook her head at tho irrepressible John, who did anil said things with impunity for which another would liavo found it hard to be forgiven. At this moment Tom appeared at ono of tho pillars of tho vorandah in a cook's paper cap, and rolling pin in hand; thumping pretty vigorously an old tin tray, as a signal that dinner was ready to be served: but cousin John'nlonc knew what ho inoant|(for he, young rascal, may woll bo suspected of having read up on the subject of old Christinas usages), until tho welcome sound of tho dinner-boll rang out, bringing to tho faces of all a certain look of oxpect nncy, and causing a hush to fall on tho aoaemblcd company. Tho gentlemen softly rubbed their hands, and tho ladies fannod themselves with complacenoy, or gathered thoir children about thorn, ondcavouring to smooth their locks and crumpled sashes. At last, all wore gatherod round the oapaoious dining-tablo, evon to little Charlie, in his high-chair, and bib, and long sleek curl at the top of Ilia infant head. Tho portly host might woll bo pardoned tho look of prido with which ho glancod at tho happy assem blage. Never does a man feel more satisfaction in tho contemplation of intiumerablo olivo-btanchcs than when ho thus beholds them in festive guise ; and BOOB his wife rosy and eomfortablo at tho oppo site end of tho table. Should he detect for a mom ent a far away look in her sweot eyes, and a mourn ful downward curve of tho amiable mouth, ho sweeps his hand across his brow, turns tho tido of attention from bor whoso mothor-bcart yearns " For tho touoh of a vanished hand, And tho sound of a voico that is still and tho wavo of memory passes ovor her, and loaves her calm and smiling; rollocting again tho joyous ness that beams on hor from nil around. Sho oven joins in tho laugh vvhon grandmamma calls lior middle-aged son, tho host, " a boy. " " Grandmamma, you forgot how old pa is," said ono sturdy urchin, " Oh no I don't, my boy, " said grandmamma, ad justing her spectacles ; "it is just fovty-livo years ago this Christmas since my lirBt littlo baby was put into m.y arms, and that baby grow up to bo your papa', Goorgio. " Then all tho merry voices burst into hearty laugh ter, for it seomed absurd that thoir papa could over havo been a " baby." Meanwhile, tho dinner, though graced with neither pig's hoad nor pnacook-pie, was yet a rich and sum tuous repast: and tho youngsters revollod in minco pies and Christmas pudding, round whioh the blue llamo of lighted brandy had been duly burnt, and in tho eating of which great caro had to bo exeroisod lest sundry sixpences, a ring, and a tliimblo woro swallowed. Such a catastrophe would havo marred tho fun ; aunt Mary wouldn't havo got tho ring, and been teased about tho widowed clergyman, who so highly appreciated her help in parish work; and Isabella wouln't have found the thimble in her pudding, and drawn forth an indignant protest from oousin John, whiuli brought the burning blushes to cheek, and ncck, and brow ; causing an awkward question from inquisitive James, as to what " Isabella was so rod for." Thus in homely, simple talk and innocent laughter did the time slip away ; for, of a surety, " 'Tis mirth, not dishes, sots a table off: Brutes and fanatics oat, and novor laugh. " And when dinner was ovor, and all had adjourned to tho drawing-room, it was observed that cousin John and tho boys Hoemod to have an astonoisliing amount ot whispering to do. Aunt Mary grow sus picious, and privately rotired to hide away her bon net, which sho very much objected to seeing wrong way up on the hoad of sotno boy who knows not tho delicate handling which such feminine belongings require. The precaution was, perhaps a wise ono, for cha rades were introduced, and ono act was played en tirely by boys; who, under cousin Juhn'H tuition, revived the old " grinning match, "and seemed de termined to make themselves as hideous-looking and diabolical as possible by grimacing and distorting their faces; Tom having previously thrust his hivd: through' a horse-eollar. One game quickly followed-another; and when snapdragon had been tho grand linalo for the child ren, and they had gone to bed, and the eld* r cousins had flirlod and danced under theniistlctoo to their hearts' oontent, and the aunts and uncles had sett led down into little cliques, cousin Tom gave tho Bignal for a yawuing match, whioh was so vigor ously played that evon grandmamma caught tho in fection and yawned too, until sho declared it was time for old people -and young peoplo loo, for tho matter of that -to be fast asloop in bod. This set all tho annts and uncles to thinking of collecting together their several broodB, whioh was no easy task; but at last, after much laughter and an occasional pretty shriek from some ono who was caught under tho mistletoe; they severally departed. And thus ended one of thoso Christinas gatherings which are more successful, perhaps, than any other kind of social entertainment; because of the inter mingling of old and young ; because of tbo quaint old games in whioh all are expccted to join; and which are an unspeakable boon to a people not re markable for groat facility in tho art of light and charming talk, or in other words, given to tho" flow of soul." " Our souls, " says ono, " are more lilto sluggish canals than sparkling trout streams." Then away with thoso who would banish from amongst us hearty Christmas games. " Those who at Christmas do repine, And would fain henco dispatch him, May they with old Duke Humphrey dine, Or else may squire Ketch catch 'em." The clangorous results of RUPTURE warrant speedy and immediate attention. An. invention that gives positive relief is a groat boon, and if in addition it brings about a CUU13, it can be counted a gift from heaven. The British Scientific Truss Co. have much pleasure in bringing under the notice of the aillicletl a blessing in the form of their scientific truss. This wonderful appliance, the re sult of many years practical and personal experi ence, gives IMMEDIATE BELIEF. It differs entirely from anything ever invented, minimising the danger and inconvenience of the most severe oases of rupturo, being so constructed that it brings the needed pressure on the parts affected without producing the slightest pain or inconvenience, whilst eifecting a euro. It will be found tho most corafortablo invention of the acje, being beautifully soft and can be worn with comfort, enabling the wearer to follow any calling. Oases at a distance can be safely treated. Write or call for particulars, tho British Scientific Truss Co., Strand Arcade, Sydney, Pitt-Btreet entrance. (Take the lift).-a.i. 