BRITAIN AND THE COLOURED RACES. To THE EDITOR. SIR-A correspondent, J. K. Darad«, a coloured man, has written to you, concerning our methods as a Christian power of dealing with the uncivilised races of the world. His contentions are by no means' random ones, when they come to be investigated. Nest, " A Britisher " falls like a cyclone upon Damage, because the latter pre- dicts that he can see that England will go too far. " A Britisher " gives the advice, '. Never prophecy unless you know." Does " A Britisher " ' believe that a prophet of modern times would stand the ghost of a chance in Christendom at the present day in predicting future events for the welfare of the human race in order to ward off disasters? Dow "A Britisher" labour under the impression that our so-called civilisation will pass muster as a model of perfection? Perhaps "A Britisher" is a firm believer in the theory of the survival of the fittest. It cannot be denied that races and tribes have been vanishing under Christian civilisation. That cause has produced this effect? Does the bringing of death, degradation and disease with other agencies mean the reading of the dark people to better things? If so, that might account for the ills and wars which now afflict various portions of the earth, is it just because we are over just and humane and reasonable that we beat every other nation as colonisers? Will Mr, DaiaJo try to run counter to facts? Of course not, neither will the Almighty dare to impugn upon our sacred right to " Christianise " the blacks in our own peculiar way. Since the beginning of the year India has been through famine, earthquakes, plagues and war, while we have been rejoicing, feasting and boasting about our everlasting glory and mightiness. Shall we always retain the power to ward off" disasters ? " A Britisher " might study the events of the past to see if he cannot discover something that causes the clash- ing at the present day. If we have not been disturbed from our sleepy attitude, it is no indication that we are wide awake. We have achieved wonders in the way of progress without any doubt, but helpless people have suffered by that progress, as the Coloured races appear to be deemed under the march of civilisation. It is evident that the Supreme Ruler of the universe has given us a charter to rule over as much of the globe as we are, all in our own manner. If it is not so " A Britisher" must be prepared to look for heavy weather at some future date. History proves that persecutions and blood-shedding will receive a check some day Yours, etc., GOING UP A TREE. Quindalup, September 28. 