Curious stories are told about the powen poi sesiod by certain natives of India, who live ap amoung tho Himalaya monaUins. These old men, it is said, brve devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and t orcei, which the rest of the world knows nothintr about Lately a German pro i»saor visited tne Mnuept«, as tnese queer uinaui are called, for the purpose of finding out tno seoret of theii remarkable performance. They treated him rather scnrvily, bnt interes'ed him nil the same. One dav tho professor wanted to examine aomo ancient' Sanskrit manuiorlpt. An adept went with him to a ctvo wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom or a well. ' 1 can't sec to read, here,' said tho visitor. ' Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a toft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, out he noticed tbat it hud ono strange quality— if east not the slightest shadow, This ia a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high chnraoter, and you who now road it here no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen hare cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with .one's own experience. . Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of tbo Lisbon earth* quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years and failed to find a care, ie sceptical when friends tell him of a modicine which they believe will make him well, What else but doubt oould result from tbe ex perience 1 Take an oxample ; — In tio spring 1888,' writes onr correspondent 'I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomaoh was doranged, my appetite poor and after eating I had pains and weight at the cheso. I was mnch troubled with wind, and frequently apat up a Boar fluid, also bitter bile. Later on 1 auSered faom nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but hart always a sense of discom fort. Off and on I continued in this way for two vearn, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Bcsgel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only & few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervous ness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its -value, and its power over disease. Sinoe my re covery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. Tn the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 161, Uookley Hill, Birmingham, Juno 7th, 1893.' Tbere is a deal of difference botween Mr. Or'fnth's candid letter and the story about tho light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it oinnot be verified without more trouble than it in worth. On the othor hand wo have a trust worthy witnsss, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address, Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory tbat most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it oures that, and throws the light of health and happineea over benrthn nnd homes where illness and pain hod cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnessos, 